



The Napoleon Connection
  
A Novel


Claude Brickell

BRICBOOKS
New York

The Napoleon Connection
Published by Bricbooks at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Claude Brickell



MURDER IN THE CABILDO!
MUSEUM'S DIRECTOR FOUND DEAD!
New Orleans:
The Cabildo Museum's security staff discovered a gruesome murder that occurred sometime during the night in that State-owned historical building… 
The body of Museum Director Etienne Barbeau was found lying on his back in a massive pool of blood on the museum's grand staircase…  
Barbeau had been stabbed three times in the back with what is believed to have been a ten-inch carving knife…  
It is believed he died within minutes from massive lung perforations.  One theory suggested he may have died of drowning in his own blood, something an autopsy will later determine… 
The Times-Picayune


Chapter One
The most harrowing, yet thrilling adventure of my life was about to begin and I had not one clue of it.
It was 9:15 a.m. on a Tuesday in late June.  I was sitting at a table in the Café Promenade of the Mayflower Hotel in Washington D.C. having a light breakfast before my lecture.  I had been invited down to the capitol by the preservation guild to repeat an earlier lecture I had given at Columbia on romanticism in early 19th century American architecture.  I had just taken a last sip of my coffee when the waiter approached and placed a business card down on the table beside me.
"The gentleman asked if you would like to join him for a drink in the back."  The waiter was an attractive young man of European extraction and, well, judging from his knowing smile, I surmised he probably was gay.
I picked up the card and read the name printed on it Harlan Gaudreaux III.  Beneath the name was printed Friends of the Cabildo.  The address was somewhere in New Orleans.
"Is he aware I'm giving a lecture upstairs at ten?"  The waiter reached for the coffeepot and was about to refill my cup but I stopped him.  "That's all right.  I'm finished."
The waiter stepped back.  "He said he was sorry he could not stay for your lecture but has a plane to catch."
"I see."  I then sighed pondering.  
"Oh…" the waiter interjected, remembering.  "He said to say it was important."  Then he turned and left the table.
I stared again at the card wondering if I should follow through with the invitation or just ignore it.  Perhaps the gentleman had spotted me having breakfast and found me desirable.  Important he had said, though.  Friends of the Cabildo.  I hadn't been to New Orleans before but I did know that the Cabildo was a noted historical landmark there.  So maybe the invitation was legitimate, after all.  I sighed once again.
The rear of the Promenade Café was more subdued when I walked back.  There were a couple of thirtyish women sitting at a table sipping herbal teas and a man and woman at a table not far from them hanging around after their breakfast.  The man had his arm around the woman whispering something into her ear which was making her giggle.  I figured that was not Mr. Gaudreaux.  Then I spotted an older gentleman sitting at a table in the corner.  He even reminded me of pictures I had seen of Tennessee Williams when the playwright was living in New Orleans and I surmised that just might be my friend.  Without hesitation, the man raised a hand to alert me.  I approached.
"Mr. Gaudreaux?" I asked nearing his table.
"Yes, yes.  Please, won't you sit down?"  He spoke with the heavy accent of a true Louisianan.
I pulled a chair over from the nearby table and sank into it reticently.  "I have a lecture to give at…"
"Yes, yes," he interrupted hastily.  "I know all about it.  I would love to attend but…"
"…you've got a plane to catch," I said completing the sentence for him.
"Well, yes.  You see, I, too, am visiting here in Washington.  I had a meeting yesterday at the Smithsonian.  Nothing pressing… just seeing an old colleague of mine there."
I sat forward in my chair.  "You said it was important."
"Yes," he confirmed nodding his head.  "Would you like something to drink?"
"Thank you but I need to get going soon.  My lecture…"
"Of course," he said cutting me off again.  Then he reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out an envelope.  "This is for you."  He laid the envelope down on the table and pushed it across towards me.  "Open it… please."
I stared down at the envelope and can't deny it piqued my curiosity.  I picked it up and cracked it open peering inside.  There was what looked like a cashier's check.  It was made out in my name and was for five thousand dollars.
"I'm sorry," I said quite perplexed.  "I don't understand."
"It's a down payment… on the twenty-five thousand…"
I smiled dubiously.  "What twenty-five thousand?"
There was a slight pause.  Then, Gaudreaux went on, "I need your help.  I would like to hire you for an assignment."
"An assignment!"  I was still trying to figure everything out.  "Regarding?"
The man took a deep breath and then looked me straight in the eyes.  "I've got a mystery to solve."
Again, I smiled and laid the envelope back down on the table.  "I'm not a detective."
 "Forgive me," said Gaudreaux seeming a bit offended by my remark.  I could see he was a sensitive man, perhaps even shy.  "I didn't mean to sound…"
"No, no," he interrupted me again.  "It's my fault.  I haven't been very clear with you, have I?  You see, I am on the board of the Friends of the Cabildo.  We are a non-profit citizens group who support the Cabildo, one of our city's historical institutions which is part of the Louisiana State Museum system.  It's located in the French Quarter."
I glanced down at my watch and when I looked up again, I saw a frown forming on the man's face.
"I will be brief.  We are embroiled in a nasty dispute at the moment, our board and the lieutenant governor who… well, that's neither here nor there."  Gaudreaux leaned forward in his chair and lowered his voice as if to speak more discreetly.  "You see, things have been missing.  And there is one thing in particular…"
I waited for clarification of this as confused as I had been since I first sat down.  "One item in particular of… I believe… great value.  I want you to help me find it."
"And what is that?" I asked in all seriousness.
"That's just it.  I don't know."
Now, I really was confused.  "You don't know?"
"No.  But I truly believe… it has great value."
I glanced at my watch again.  "Couldn't we talk about this sometime later?"
"My plane," he reminded me.  He then reached into his coat pocket and took out a second envelope.  "Here," he said laying the second envelope down on top of the first.  "It's a plane ticket for you… a round trip to New Orleans… with an open end, of course."
My mouth fell apart in quiet disbelief.  We hadn't even gotten to know each other.  We hadn't even had an opportunity to discuss the mystery he had said he wanted me to help solve.  He didn't even know what he told me he wanted me to help find.  And now he was shoving a plane ticket into my face, well, placing it down on the table in front of me.  I was, to say the least, a bit stunned.
"I can't…" I began uttering apologetically.  "I can't just…"
"Think about it," he said almost pleading.  "The ticket is for next week… from your home in New York City."  Then he lowered his head and stared down at his drink.  "I hope you will accept.  You see… it's a question of…"  His voice then trailed off.
"Why me?" I persisted.
Gaudreaux looked up again with a hint of desperation in his expression.  "I think it may be a rare jewel.  A 19th century rare jewel… missing… and I know that you…"  His voice trailed off again.
He was, of course, about to point out that my specialty was 19th century jewels which had been the subject of a recent article published in The Smithsonian, the magazine of the museum where he had met with his colleague.  I can say I was a little intrigued at this point, naturally.  19th Century jewels were more than a specialty for me.  They were a passion and I believe he knew it.  He seemed to know quite a lot about me really.
The hall upstairs was already filling up with attendees when I hurried in with my portfolio beneath my arm.  My mind was racing.  A jewel he had said, a rare 19th century jewel.  What could that be?  And why was he not more sure about it, about what was actually missing?  A jewel, though, he had thought.  Was it American or European?  Maybe it was neither.  Maybe it was… what?  How could I get the subject out of my head so I could concentrate on my lecture?  I hurried down the side aisle and up the short steps to the stage.
The room quieted down instantly and everyone took their seats as quickly as possible.  I walked to the podium and laid my folder down on top of it opening it before me.  Then I tapped on the mic and heard the sound of a thud coming over the room's speakers.  They were on.
"Good morning," I said breaking into a broad smile.  "I'm Michael J. Bennington and I would like to welcome you to 19th Century Jewels."   I gasped.  "I mean, 19th Century Romanticism… in… Architecture!   American Architecture!" I exclaimed frantically.  How could I have made such a blunder?  I took a deep breath, gathered my thoughts as quickly as possible and my lecture began.


Chapter Two
When I arrived home the following morning to the airport in New York City, I headed for the taxi stand quite relieved the trip was finally over.  It was one of those stagnant, humid days so typical of the city at the height of the summer.  I had gone over the lecture in my mind while in flight and I was sure I hadn't left out anything of importance.  I was convinced the preservation guild was pleased.  Comments from several of the board members following had been more than enthusiastic.
The Westside freeway was sparse with traffic, surprising for that time of day.  I could have sworn it was the weekend instead.  It felt good to be home again.  I was looking forward to a relaxing soak in the tub and catching up on my correspondence.
I turned the key in the lock of my apartment door and pushed the door open.  There was an instant rush of chilled air.  Jason must have left the A/C on high before leaving for work.  That was a stroke of luck.  Or did he do it on purpose knowing I was due back that morning?  Thoughtful, I said to myself.  And he was very thoughtful despite all his faults.
"Nicky?" I called.  And instantly, our two-year-old terrier rounded the living room door in haste jumping up into the air with his usual greetings of joy.  "Miss me?"  I reached down to pet him then continued on into the living room.  The TV was still on.  Jason often left it turned on to give Nicky company.  It was tuned to the news.  I sank into an overstuffed chair and picked Nicky up into my arms.
The news was covering a burglary earlier that morning down in the business district.  A jewel heist of some sort.  I was instantly reminded of Gaudreaux and his missing jewel.  Or what he thought was a missing jewel.  Funny, I hadn't thought about it once all morning long.  And now, this jewel heist in the city.  Pure coincidence, I surmised.
I then remembered Gaudreaux's two envelopes I had stuck in my shoulder bag back in the hotel room.  I hadn't opened them once.  After Gaudreaux, I had rushed off to my lecture, then to lunch with the preservation guild's president.  Then a cocktail party later on given by the guild in my honor where I had had one too many glasses of champagne.  After that, I ran back to my hotel room early in the evening where I had collapsed onto the bed and fallen instantly asleep.  I slept right through the night.  There was no time to think about anything the following morning either.  I had gotten up a bit late and had to rush to get to the airport in time for my flight home.  One thing after another and not a moment to think about the five-thousand-dollar check nor the plane ticket with the open end, of course, as Gaudreaux had pointed out.  It was all so vague.
"How was work?" I asked as Jason sat down at the table across from me in our cramped little kitchen later that evening.
"The usual."  I figured that meant he really didn't want to talk about it.  "How did the lecture in Washington go?” he asked changing the subject?
I had just taken a rather large bite of my thawed-out lasagna and had to chew a bit before answering.  "Great.  The preservation guild even asked if I would be available for something later on in the fall."
"Cool!" Jason exclaimed.
I hated that expression.  But Jason was younger, almost a half-generation younger, and he tended to use the current trendy expressions freely.  As a matter of fact, just about everything was cool to Jason.
We had met in college.  Well, I was working on my masters and he was just a mere freshman then.  First friends, then more, then friends again and even a few awkward estrangements.  Now, he was back in my life more for convenience.  He had taken a job in the city and had asked if he could stay with me while he got things together.  That was just after I had broken up with my girlfriend Marla and was living alone again.  A full two years had now passed.   I hadn't objected, though, the whole time.  It was nice having someone to live with and he was so good with Nicky.  We had never even approached the subject of his finding his own place.  And the sex was good.
"I may be going away again," I said nonchalantly.
"Another lecture?"
"No, not this time.  I might be going down to New Orleans."
Jason perked up instantly.  "Southern Decadence?"
"Southern what?"
"Southern Decadence!… the gay festival…"  He then shook his head disparagingly.  "Michael, you are so out of it.  Everyone straight or gay knows about Southern Decadence.  It's wild!"
"Well," I said reaching for my glass of wine, "I'm not into that really.  You know that.  I'm going there on business."
"Might be good for you," Jason said shrugging his shoulders.  "You spend too much time in books.  A little fun wouldn't do you any harm at all.  Maybe I'll go with you."
I finished my wine and set the glass back down.  "I'm not going there for that… for fun, I mean.  I told you I'm going for business."
"Business, pleasure.  What's the difference?  They're two sides of the same coin.  At least, that's the way I see it."
"Well, I'll be focusing on business, I'm sure."
"So you going for research then?"
"I'm not sure," I replied hesitantly.  Hesitantly because I really wasn't sure.  I mean, I was supposed to be helping solve a mystery of some sort and I wasn't even sure what that was.  "A form of research, I suppose."
"I was kidding about going with you," Jason said poking at the last of his lasagna.  "I don't get any time off 'til February.  Of course, I could always join you for a weekend."
"When is… Southern Decadence?"
"Last week of August," he replied all knowing.
"Well, I'll be back by then I'm sure.  I'll be going down next week."
"Cool.  I'll miss you."
I didn't know how much truth there was in that statement.  I was sure, though, there were going to be more tricks in that place while I was away than in a gay bathhouse on a Saturday night.  Jason was not exactly the faithful type.  But then, this time around, this period in our friendship, things had never really been defined.  It just happened.  I really didn't mind all that much one way or the other.
"Just watch out for things," I said seriously.
"Meaning what?"
"Whoever you drag home."
"Whatever."  Jason then stood up and began collecting our empty plates.
Was that an uncalled-for remark on my part I asked myself?  Maybe I really did care deep down on some level I hadn't even explored.  Marla had been hard on me.  Now, Jason was back.  True we had been through a lot together Jason and I.  But it was better this way, undefined, less complicated.  Less sticky, I thought.
"Aisle or window?" the perky, female blonde ticket agent asked.
"Oh, aisle."  I was at the moment adjusting my shoulder bag that was now slipping down my arm.  "Do I have to pay extra for that?"
"No.  It's on the house."  She then handed me my boarding pass.  "Better hurry, though.  It's already boarding."
I located my seat on the aircraft and stuffed my shoulder bag into the luggage compartment above.  Then I reached into the side pocket of it and pulled out a paperback copy of Kenneth Clark's Civilization which I had brought along to read on the flight.  I had read it several times, of course, but hadn't for quite some time.  I just wanted to have something to occupy my mind while traveling.
    The flight to New Orleans was actually pleasant.  The plane left on time, amazing, and we were landing on time, as well.  Wonders never cease, I thought.  I pulled a business card out of my pocket Gaudreaux had included in the second envelope along with the ticket.  It was for a hotel in New Orleans with a glossy photo of the hotel's façade on one side and the name and address on the reverse.  The name was The Frenchmen.  It appeared to be one of those boutique establishments in typical New Orleans style with cast-iron balconies on the front and conveniently located adjacent to the Quarter.  Gaudreaux had written on the card I've made a reservation for you here.  He must have made the actual reservation after I telephoned him from New York I had decided to accept his offer.  Gaudreaux seemed to have planned everything well.  I was to meet with him at his home in the Garden District the day after my arrival.


Chapter Three
"The reservation is for two weeks," confirmed the Frenchmen Hotel desk attendant, a fiftyish woman with bleached blonde highlights in her shoulder-length hair and dressed rather suggestively for her age, I thought.
"Well," I answered quite unprepared.  "I'm not sure… but…"
"It says right here… two weeks," she insisted pointing to a hotel form lying on the desk top in front of her.
"Yes, I know…  I'm just not sure."
She smiled, tilting her head down and looking at me over her thin-rimmed glasses.  "That's what they all say."
The tourists, I supposed.  Well, I wasn't a tourist.  But, of course, she didn't know that.  I then glanced around the place while she was completing her paperwork.  The lobby was painted a creamy coral and looked very old but tastefully renovated.  I was drawn to a rather large portrait of Napoleon in an ornate frame at the foot of the staircase.  I stared at it for a moment.  It was then I experienced a sort of chill.  Well, chill, I say,  More like an odd feeling, I suppose.  It was a striking portrait, for sure.  But I felt there was more to my reaction.  Something deeper like a sign or maybe an omen even.  And I would later be reminded of the portrait more than once during my visit.
"You have luggage?"
I glanced down at my shoulder bag sitting at my feet.  "Just this.  I travel light."
"Smart you!  You'll be in 202 on the floor above."  She pointed to the same staircase.  "Up the stairs, out the doors and along the balcony over-looking the courtyard."
"Has this always been a hotel?"  I was usually interested in the history of things.
"Well, it was originally a private boys' school… back in the 19th century, of course."
"I see."  I then noticed a huge antique dining table with at least ten or twelve chairs surrounding it in the adjacent parlor.  "You must have some pretty important board meetings here," I joked.
She handed me my keys and smiled once more.  "That's where we serve our continental breakfasts starting at seven."
"Cool."  Now how did that slip out?  I must have had Jason in the back of my mind somewhere.  "Are we anywhere near Jackson Square?"
"Oh, yes!" she explained.  "The Quarter begins just across the street… across Esplanade.  It's only about six blocks.  First time to New Orleans?"
I smiled sheepishly.  "Yeah."  I was even beginning to sound like a tourist.  "I thought I'd have a walk around there tomorrow morning.  You know, just to kill time?  I have a meeting in the afternoon."  Then I hastily added, "a business meeting!"
She reached for a brochure from a nearby rack.  "Here," she said handing the brochure to me.  "This has a description of the Vieux Carré… the Quarter in it.  There's a paragraph on the square, I believe."
"Oh, thanks."  I glanced briefly at the brochure's colorful pictures.
"Be sure to stop at the Café du Monde.  The café-au-laits are legendary."
"Café du Monde?"
"At one corner of the square.  It's famous.  Everyone goes there at least once.  It's been there for over a hundred years."
"Well, don't want to miss that."  I picked up my shoulder bag and headed for the stairs with Bonaparte gazing down at me suspiciously.
The following morning, I left the hotel with my brochure and a map of the general area in hand.   I crossed Esplanade, a broad tree-lined avenue with two-story mansions on both sides.  I later learned the homes were originally built by wealthy French and Spanish Creole families in the early eighteen hundreds.  Then I headed directly into the Quarter with the enthusiasm of a tourist myself.
The old streets were already alive with what seemed to be mostly visitors.  I could tell there were a few locals, though, like a woman dragging her two little boys in uniforms off to Catholic school.  And a few shop keepers were out sprucing up their storefronts getting ready for the midday rush.
Block after block was lined with fascinating old Spanish buildings almost all supporting the same cast-iron balconies–called galleries, I learned later–as my hotel, and I simply lost count of the number of restaurants and cafes along the way.  Each was filled with both tourists and locals and the smell of freshly-brewed java filled the mid-morning air.  Although the streets were already congested with traffic, there was an occasional horse-drawn carriage filled with tourists gazing up in all directions.  Horse-drawn, I say, but in reality, drawn by mules.  Well-trained mules that seemed to be oblivious to the cars and trucks and horns all around them.
Jackson Square was suddenly upon me.  It was a huge central park originally called the Place d'Armes facing the Mississippi River.  As my brochure explained, it had been the center of the city since its founding in 1718 by the French.  Lush with trees and shrubbery, it was surrounded by a tall cast-iron fence with magnificent gates on all four sides.  At its center was an impressive bronze statue of Andrew Jackson, hero of the Battle of New Orleans, hence the name.  At the opposite end was the famous 19th century St. Louis Cathedral, perhaps the most recognizable icon of the city, with its soaring spires and flanked by two nearly identical buildings in neoclassical style the Cabildo and the Presbytere.  Ah, the Cabildo.  Friends of the Cabildo.  That was it.  That was the museum Gaudreaux had referred to.  I would have a visit there another time.  Not that morning, though.  There wouldn't be time.  Just enough for a café-au-lait at Café du Monde and then off to the Garden District to meet with Gaudreaux at one.
I walked along the portico of one of the two lengthy matching buildings lining either side of the square and read further about them in my brochure.  They were called the Pontalba Apartments, the upper and lower, to be exact.  They were built by a wealthy woman a Baroness Pontalba in the late 1840s and were said to have been the first apartment buildings in the United States.  I would run into this woman again later on, interestingly enough.  But for the moment, I was content to stroll along the flagstone sidewalk in the shade of the huge overhead galleries and gaze into the many ground-floor shops for tourists along the way.  After purchasing a copy of The Times-Picayune, I crossed Decatur Street and headed for the green and white awnings of the famous cafe.
"I'll have a café-au-lait," I said as the waiter walked up to my table already quite sure of myself.  He was a no-nonsense man with a long white apron tied tight around his waist in the typical French café style.
"You want a beignet with it?"
"A beignet?"
The waiter gestured to the table next to me where two couples, tourists no doubt, were congregated, their table filled with coffees and plates of what looked like puffed pastries topped with an over-abundance of white powdered sugar.
"Oh," I uttered pondering.  "Sure, why not?"
The waiter then left.  One of the women at the table turned to me and leaned over.  "They're a tradition here.  And delicious!"
"They look it," I nodded in reply.
"You can't come to New Orleans…" then she hesitated a moment. "Nu awlins as they say here… without having a beignet.  They're French, you know?  I mean, real French!  And just to die for."
I laughed at her enthusiastic testimonial.  Then I opened the front page of my newspaper and began scanning it.  One of the headlines caught my eye instantly: Culture War!  The sub-headline went on to say: The legislature appears close to approving a controversial revamp of the state's museum system.  Oh, I muttered to myself.  So that's what Gaudreaux was talking about, a nasty dispute with the lieutenant governor he had said.  I scanned the article briefly.
Apparently, the lieutenant governor's office funded the various museums in the state's museum system like the Cabildo and in later years, the state had lost control over their various boards.  The Friends of the Cabildo, the independent board on which Gaudreaux served, was vehemently opposed to the revision.  But what would all that have to do with the missing item, as Gaudreaux had called it, the rare jewel he had alluded to?
Just then, the waiter returned with my order.  I would have to read the article more thoroughly later.  There wasn't time now.  Just enough to finish up my café-au-lait and then off to meet with Gaudreaux.  It was going to be an interesting day, I was convinced of it.


Chapter Four
I was waiting at a taxi stand on the square following the café and glancing through the brochure of the Quarter again.   I noticed a short paragraph featuring the vintage streetcars still operating in New Orleans.  What particularly drew my attention was the phrase direct to the Garden District.  The brochure explained that one would take me right up St. Charles Avenue to where the Garden District was located.  As no taxi was in sight in either direction, I decided to walk the short distance to Canal Street where it said the streetcar stopped.
Once on board the streetcar, I had a chance to further explore the brochure's brief description of the Garden District.  It described it as an urban Eden in the heart of New Orleans celebrated for its gracious homes for over a hundred and fifty years.  As we approached the area, I could already see the two- and three-story antebellum mansions immaculately maintained and each with its own lush gardens surrounding it.
When we came to a stop, I stepped off and glanced at my little map getting my bearings.  It was only a short walk to First and Camp where Gaudreaux lived.  When I got there, I can honestly say, I was more than impressed at the sight of his palatial abode.  It was a two-story plantation-like mansion in Greek revival style surrounded by an intricately-designed cast-iron fence.  And I could see within a mature pomegranate tree, one of the oldest fruits in civilization.  I had once read these plants were a favorite in southern gardens because they grew virtually pest free and produced striking red-orange blooms lasting from spring through early fall.  And there it was reigning gloriously over a private paradise plentiful with fragrant gardenias and colorful bursts of bougainvillea everywhere.  I was mesmerized.
"I'm Michael Bennington," I announced to the coffee-colored maid wearing a neat, ankle-length uniform dress when she opened the front door.  "I have an appointment with Mr. Gaudreaux."
"My, my!" she exclaimed.  "You ah' sho pale?  Why, you must be from way up no'th somewhere."
I displayed my usual sheepish smile and nodded a polite yes.
"Well, come on in then, Mr. Michael."  She then stepped back allowing me entry.  "Mr. Gaudreaux's waitin' fo' ya in the big room."
I stepped inside to a grand hallway that ran the depth of the mansion.  There were oversized portraits along the walls and I wondered if they might be ancestors of Gaudreaux although I could see no particular resemblances.   The doorway into the big room−as the maid had called it−was just beyond and the height of it was at least ten or twelve feet.  Its pocket doors were wide open giving a flow-through feel to the entire place.  I walked into the room and instantly noticed Gaudreaux sitting behind an Empire-style desk in front of the windows.  The windows, themselves, were floor-to-ceiling in the guillotine style offering a stunning view of the gardens outside.  Just as he had done when we first met, Gaudreaux raised a hand to alert me.
"Good afternoon."  He then stood up and came around to greet me.  We shook hands and I immediately felt less tension from him than I had perceived upon our initial meeting.  "Any trouble finding it?"
"None at all.  I came up by streetcar."
"Oh!" he exclaimed a bit surprised.  "Aren't we adventurous?"
"Well, I don't know about that," I answered with a chuckle.
"You'll need a bit of that in our little pursuit."  Gaudreaux gestured for me to take a seat in one of the large overstuffed chairs at the room's center.  Then he took a seat in one facing.
"This is some place," I said glancing around.  "Have you lived here long?"
Gaudreaux smiled and I could see pride in his expression.  "Only fifth generation."
I laughed realizing I had been teased by his remark.  "So those must be your family portraits out there in the hallway?"
"A couple of them, yes.  Most date back, though, to the family of the original owner, one of New Orleans' most prominent cotton merchants in the mid-eighteen hundreds.  We can find no records of an official architect so I have come to the conclusion he most likely designed the house himself using published east-coast plans.  That was a common practice, you see, during the Greek revival period.  The house is constructed of bricks made on his upriver plantation and hauled down to New Orleans by slaves."
"Oh," I uttered surprised.  Slaves I thought to myself.  Yes, there were slaves here.  "Of course."
The maid entered from the hallway carrying a large serving tray on which was placed a crystal decanter with two aperitif glasses.  She set the tray down on a side table next to Gaudreaux.
"Will y'all be needin' anything else, Mr. Gaudreaux?" she asked using the plural that traditionally doubles for the singular in the South.
"That will be it, Miss Priscilla," answered Gaudreaux without a trace of a smile or appreciation in his voice and I wondered if that was custom or a quirk in Gaudreaux's personality.
The maid then turned and promptly left the room but not before pulling the huge pocket doors closed giving the room complete privacy.  Gaudreaux was careful to wait until the doors were shut before reaching for the decanter and pouring our two glasses full.
"You'll enjoy this, I promise."  He handed me my glass then reached for his own and lifted it in the gesture of a toast.  We took our first sips.
"So," I said after the delicious liqueur bathed my throat, "where do we begin?"
Gaudreaux sat back in his chair and crossed his legs in the gentlemen fashion.  "As I mentioned to you in Washington, our board is embroiled in a dispute with the office of the lieutenant governor over the control of the Cabildo as well as the other museum institutions here in our state."
"Yes," I confirmed.
"It's rather complicated, but briefly it's about…"
I instantly cut him off.  "I saw the article in today's Times-Picayune."
"Oh, marvelous!  Then you know basically what it's about?"
"Yes.  The various boards have been operating almost autonomously although they are funded by the state and the lieutenant governor is seeking to have the control redirected to his authority and giving himself the power to hire and fire the executive director."
"Absolutely correct!  But that's not our board, of course.  We are an independent group called Friends of the Cabildo, a financial support arm, if you will, and we have nothing to do with the changes except that we are passionately opposed to them."
"And why is that?"
"Well, you see, in former days… as recent as the 1940s… the various state museums were under the control of the governor and this was often a problem."
"A problem?"
Gaudreaux took another sip of his aperitif and waited a moment while the true pleasure of it took effect.  Then he resumed.  "You see, the museums were at the total mercy of the governor back then.  The board members were all appointed by the governor as well as the executive director and this usurped control over the institutions from those actually responsible for running them.  They were, how shall I put it, pawns of the governor's whims."
"Whims?"
"Yes.  You see, with that kind of control, the museums served more as a convenience… a political asset for the governor's office."
"I'm not sure I understand."
"Well, let us just say priceless items were often lent out to various political associates for their own personal use."
"You mean like paintings to hang on the walls of their offices?"
"Exactly.  And since this practice was common place, it became increasingly difficult for staff members to keep up with the museums' collections.  Things went missing."
"Ah," I exclaimed beginning to see the light.  "And this brings us to your missing item."
"Well, yes, but not exactly.  Almost instantly, Gaudreaux's eyes glanced across the room and when I looked in that direction, I saw a stunning portrait in heavy gilt frame of a beautiful woman dressed in silk evening gown.
"Your mother?"
"No," said Gaudreaux softly.  "My wife."
"Oh!" I exclaimed a bit surprised.  I had not even considered Gaudreaux was or ever had been married.  "Is she…"
"My former wife."  Gaudreaux then sighed and turned back.  "The missing item I have been referring to has been… well… it has been missing for over fifty years."
"So long?"
"Yes.  It disappeared from the museum's records ledger.  Its description was simply erased from the page.  Item number four-hundred-twenty-one."
"I see."  I took another sip of my own aperitif and pondered this a moment.  A jewel, a rare jewel he had told me he thought.
"In its place was written a code."
I glanced up intrigued.  "A code, you say?"
"Yes.  And that is all we have to go on."
"You mean, you and I."
"Exactly," confirmed Gaudreaux.
"And what is the code?"
Gaudreaux replied instantly as he had obviously committed the code to memory.  "LPB-523-2F-DR-CL10-R5-SB-P."
"Well," I exclaimed overwhelmed by the length of it.  "What does it mean?"
Gaudreaux uncrossed his legs and leaned forward as if to make his statement more poignant.  "That, my dear boy, is what I have hired you to find out."
I can say I was feeling a bit insecure at that moment.  My specialty was 19th century jewels, not numerology or whatever the code might have meant, and certainly not that of some modern-day Sherlock Holmes.  Was I supposed to know how to decipher it?  "Do you have any idea what any of the numbers… or letters… might stand for?"
"No," answered Gaudreaux sitting back in his chair.  "Only that the code was handwritten in place of the item's description and obviously by the one who removed the item from the collection in the first place."
I took a last sip of my aperitif and pondered once again.  "Any idea who that might have been?"
"Marcus Du Pont."
"I beg your pardon?"
"Marcus Du Pont who was at the Cabildo during that time."
"Why Du Pont?"
"Marcus Du Pont was, to put it mildly, a most unusual man.  He was of the famous Du Pont family.  You know, the Du Ponts… the millionaires.  He had come to the Cabildo through his friend Robert Glenk the director of the Louisiana State Museum at the time.  Not as an official curator but more as a curator-in-residence, I guess you would say.  And he was an excellent find.  Before Du Pont, we knew very little about the Cabildo's history.  Well, there were bits and pieces here and there.  No one had ever really collected it all together until Du Pont took an interest in it.  He was able to document everything… its restoration by the Baroness Pontalba…"
"Oh!" I exclaimed.
"You know of her?"
"Well, not much.  I saw her name in my brochure."
"Your brochure?"
"From the hotel.  A tourist brochure on the history of the French Quarter."
"Oh, I see."  He smiled slightly.  I think he was amused at the source of my information.  "The baroness was responsible for transforming the entire square in the mid-eighteen hundreds.  She oversaw the restoration of both the Cabildo and the Presbytere and she ordered the construction of the Pontalba Buildings that flank the square's two sides."
"Yes, I know.  But, I don't know much more than that."
Gaudreaux took the last sip of his aperitif and placed his empty glass down on the tray.  "Would you like more?"
"No, no," I answered thoroughly satisfied.  "That's enough for me."  I then placed my own glass down on the table beside me.
Gaudreaux stood up and walked over to a large bookcase near where his wife's portrait was hanging and reached up for a glossy-covered book on one of the shelves.  Then he turned and walked back my direction offering the book to me.  "Here.  You might want to read this.  It's a biography of the baroness… Intimate Enemies it's called.  Not completely accurate in my opinion but what biographies are?  It will give you an insight into the life of one of the most colorful women in New Orleans history.  And it might help us in some way."
I took the book and studied the two portraits on its cover.  "Is that her husband's portrait next to hers?"
"Her father-in-law," answered Gaudreaux staring down at me, a bit of glee in his expression.  "He shot her four times then went outside and shot himself."
"Oh!" I exclaimed again.
"She fortunately survived and went on to achieve her greatest accomplishments after that."
I smiled glancing again at the two portraits.  "Interesting woman."
"Very interesting."  Then Gaudreaux returned to his chair.
"You said you thought the missing item might be a jewel," I reminded him.  "A rare jewel."
"Well, yes."
"Why a jewel?"
Gaudreaux paused furrowing his brow.  "Du Pont had once told a friend… the item had rare powers."
"Powers…"
"Yes… powers to heal… to heal the bleeding heart."
"I see," I said feeling now to be talking with a man who had suddenly fallen into a trance.  "And it was some sort of jewel?"
"Yes," Gaudreaux whispered.  "I think it was a jewel."
"Why, a jewel?  I mean, why not an amulet or something of that nature?"
"Du Pont had mentioned its perfection.  Jewels are often described that way…"  He looked up at me again.  "Don't you agree?"
"Perhaps."  Then I lapsed into thought myself.  I quickly searched my mind for such a jewel.  There was the famous Hope diamond, of course, supposed to be a curse to its owners.  But one that could heal the heart?  I was at a loss.
Gaudreaux stood up.  "Well, young man," he said coming back to his old self, "you must go now and do some research."  He walked back to his desk and scribbled out something on a piece of paper.  "Here," he said turning.  "This is the address of the public library.  It's in the central business district.  They have research computers there.  You may want to start with that."  I stood up as he approached handing the piece of paper to me.  "I've written the code down for you, as well."
"That's all we have to go on then, you said?"
"For now, yes."
I glanced briefly at the note then stuck the paper into my pocket.
"You might also want to take a walk through the Cabildo when you have a moment.  Just to get an idea of things there.  It's a fascinating place."
"Yes.  I was planning to."
"You have my telephone number."  He then walked over to the pocket doors and pulled one of them open.  "Call me if you need anything."
We walked out into the hallway and the maid was already standing at the front door waiting for us.  She opened it for me promptly.
"Thanks," I said to Gaudreaux shaking his hand.  "And thank you, too, Miss Priscilla."
Not another word was spoken by any one of us as I disappeared out the door.


Chapter Five
I decided to take Gaudreaux's suggestion right away and headed for the New Orleans Public Library.  I really didn't expect to turn up much there but I thought it would be prudent of me to at least follow through with his initial recommendations.
"Up the stairs and to the right," the information librarian told me after I inquired where the internet facilities were located.  Once there, I sat down at one of the computers and pondered a moment.  Even before starting, I knew from previous research it would be a waste of time simply typing in the word jewels.  There would be hundreds of links.  I needed to narrow my search considerably.  I tried jewel powers, jewel benefits, even jewel healings.  Nothing came up of any relevance.  Out of frustration, I decided to try jewel curses as a last resort.
The Hope Diamond, which I knew well and had even lectured on more than once, came up first.  It was a crystal weighing 112 carats.  It first came to Western light when Jean-Baptiste Tavernier, the noted French traveler of the 17th century, discovered it in the possession of a slave.  The intriguing lump at first looked more like a large sapphire but the well-trained Tavernier soon realized otherwise.  It was a diamond.  The largest deep blue diamond ever discovered.
Legend had it the diamond came from the eye of an idol in a temple on the Coleroon River.  It would not be the first famous diamond that started its notoriety from a religious idol either.  Tavernier purchased the stone and smuggled it to Paris where he later sold it to King Louis XIV.  It was cut there into a triangular pear-shaped stone weighing 67.50 carats and was then known as the Tavernier or French Blue.
The ill-fortunes of the legend began there.  Louis XIV gave the diamond to Madame de Montespan but she soon went into royal discard.  The diamond then ended up back in the royal treasury.  Then came a day when a great fete was given in honor of the king.  The Director of Finance Nicolas Fouquet had planned well for the event.  To dazzle the court, Fouquet appropriated the diamond to wear on his breast and along with his lavish display of wealth, received the king at his equally opulent chateau outside Paris.  What mattered France was tottering on the brink of eventual revolution and the nation's finances none too stable.  
Louis must have recognized the diamond instantly for after the festivities, he promptly had Fouquet arrested for embezzlement, regained the diamond and had Fouquet imprisoned in the Fortress of Pignerol where the impoverished former Director of Finance died ignobly fifteen years later.
Other subsequent wearers of the jewel at the French Court might have heeded Fouquet's misfortune.  Princess de Lambaille and later Marie Antoinette, both enthralled with the diamond's stunning beauty, met their end at the guillotine in the reign of terror during the French Revolution.
The diamond then disappeared, but in 1830, a large steel blue diamond of a different shape and weighing only 44.50 carats appeared on the market in England and was unmistakably of the original.  It was purchased by English banker Henry Thomas Hope but the family's misfortunes during subsequent generations bankrupted them and the diamond was then put up for sale.  
The diamond eventually ended up in the possession of Frenchman Pierre Cartier who then sold it to the American millionaire Evalyn Walsh McLean who claimed at the time to be immune to its purported curses.  She subsequently lost her nine-year-old son in a car accident and her daughter committed suicide at age twenty-five.  Upon her death in 1949, the diamond, together with the Star of the East, another diamond in the McLean collection, was bought by New York jeweler Harry Winston who later gave the stone to the nation where it is now on display, interestingly enough at the Smithsonian.
The Black Orlov Diamond was also discovered in India.  In the 1800s, this 195 carat diamond was called the Eye of Brahma due to its own Hindu idol origin.  It was owned by Princess Nadia Vyegin-Orlov of Russia and named the Black Orlov because of its color and also because she owned another 189.6 carat white diamond called simply the Orlov.  Its curse, according to legend, supposedly brought on by its theft from the Brahma, manifested itself when the princess, having long-sense fled the Russian Revolution, leapt to her death from a building.  Another Russian princess who had actually owned the Black Orlov previous to Princess Nadia, had leapt to her death from a building, as well, only the previous month.  And the American businessman who had acquired and later sold the Orlov in the United States leapt to his death, as well. 
Still, I could not come up with any known jewel said to be of great benefit to its owner other than purely financial.  What struck me, though, was that most of these jewels appeared to originate from the same part of the world.  Perhaps this jewel, or what Gaudreaux thought might be a jewel, a rare jewel with a power to heal the heart, as he had said, originated in this part of the world, as well.  Only time would tell.  I pushed my chair back and pondered this a moment.  I'm wasting my time here, I thought.  I need to get on with more tangible things.  I would follow Gaudreaux's second suggestion.  I decided to head for the Cabildo while there was still time before closing.
What magnificent edifices, both the Cabildo and the Presbytere, the twin buildings flanking the cathedral.  I was standing in the flagstone court before them staring up at the impressive architectural ensemble.  I then glanced down to see a large bronze plaque imbedded in the stones in honor of the pope's visit to the city back in the 1980s.  It read, Plaza Juan Pablo II,  John Paul II Plaza and Place Jean-Paul II respectively in a circular pattern.  How very international, I thought, a bit amused.
"The guided tour has already started," said the ticket clerk in the Cabildo's lobby, a fat, middle-aged woman with stringy brown hair tied back in a ponytail who was pointing in the direction of an opened doorway off to one side.  "If you hurry, you can still join them, though."
I didn't really want to take a guided tour but I wasn't about to argue that late in the day.  I purchased my ticket and stepped inside the doorway just as the tour guide, a rather thin woman by comparison, was beginning her spiel.
"When the Spanish took possession of the colony," she recited in a subdued voice, "following a secret transfer between royal French and Spanish cousins in 1792, the present-day French Quarter as we know it began to evolve."
I supposed she meant the way the Quarter looks today.  All those cast-iron balconies and the likes.  Or maybe just the buildings.  Maybe the balconies, or galleries, were added later.  She didn't say.  I was now with a group of maybe six or eight others straining to hear her words.  She certainly could have spoken a little louder, I thought.  After all, we were not in a church.  I got the feeling she just might have been ill.
"Two great fires in the late 1700s," she continued, "almost wiped out the tiny French settlement and the Spanish were eager to rebuild it in a style befitting Spanish culture.  What was left of these former structures on either side of the cathedral–itself the modest St. Louis Parish Church at the time–was leveled and the Cabildo and the Presbytere as we know them today were built in their places."
That made sense.  I could tell by their architectural style they were from a much later period.  We followed the guide into the next room to view a series of etchings depicting the Cabildo's various stages of transition.
"The Cabildo," the guide told us, "or town hall in Spanish, was the center of Spanish municipal rule.  And when the colony was transferred back to the French in 1803–the result of a power struggle in Europe involving the Spanish and the Emperor Napoleon–the Cabildo flew the French tricolor for the very first time."
I sighed.  I was getting bored with this tour.  I really just wanted to walk through the place, get a feel of things as Gaudreaux had suggested.  I lingered a little longer, though, more out of respect, I suppose.  "When Napoleon turned around and promptly sold the entire Louisiana Territory to the United States, the city's history as American was finalized.  It is said that the Cabildo is the second most important building in the United States after Independence Hall as it is where the actual signing of the Louisiana Purchase took place."
Enough tour, I said to myself.  I then slipped quietly away and back into the outer hall.  From there, I made my way up the huge staircase reminiscent of a grand European palace to the spacious second floor galleries.  The great hall where the signing of the Purchase occurred was the first I entered. 
Where was I to begin my own search? I wondered.  What would all this have to do with a single missing item from the museum's collection, a collection that, for the most part, appeared to involve the history of Louisiana alone?  I say for the most part because there were a few items of interest outside of that.  One drew my attention in particular, the death mask of Napoleon himself.  
It was said that the emperor's personal physician had traveled to New Orleans following the emperor's death on the Island of St. Helena.  The citizens of New Orleans were ardent supporters of the French, naturally–their forebears–and they were all too delighted when the physician graciously presented the mask to the city as a gift.  It ended up in the Cabildo's collection like a few other unusual and hardly pertinent artifacts and probably not unlike the missing item Gaudreaux was determined to find, or determined I find.  
I stood there staring at the mask in the glass case where it was displayed and the portrait of the great man hanging on the wall of my hotel lobby suddenly flashed in my mind.  Napoléon!  There was a connection, I felt, even at that very early stage.  Something.  Something was telling me to look there.  But look where?  How?  I had not one clue where to begin.
After leaving the museum, I grabbed a shrimp po'boy–one of those renowned foot-long sandwiches New Orleans is so famous for–from a street vendor and headed back to my hotel.  I was tired by then from all the running around but not really all that sleepy.  It would be a good night to browse through the biography Gaudreaux had lent me, his third suggestion.
"Got big plans for the evening?" asked the same female desk clerk as I headed across the lobby towards the stairs.  I turned back with a half-smile on my face.  I suppose I was feeling a bit guilty not planning to take in the pleasures of such a legendary metropolis on a Saturday night.  Caught in the act, I thought!
"Oh… no.  Staying in."
"Well!" she exclaimed.  "Aren't you the unusual tourist."
I wasn't a tourist and I wanted to tell her that.  But I thought better of it at the moment.  "Just a little tired, that's all.  Walked around quite a bit today."
She was wearing a different outfit now, less suggestive.  Maybe I was a bit hasty in my initial assessment of her.  I approached the desk.
"Did you find the square all right?"
"Oh, yes!" I assured her.  "Right where you said it would be.  Hasn't moved an inch," I said chuckling.
"And the café-au-lait?"
"Delicious!" I replied with a broader smile than before.  "Plus a beignet!"
"Oh!" she exclaimed again.  "I totally forgot to tell you about that.  Glad you discovered it on your own."
I was about to turn back towards the stairs when I noticed her looking me up and down.  Was she coming on to me? I wondered.  Maybe I was just too sure of myself in that regard.  "You have everything you need?" she asked."
"Oh, yes… thanks," I assured her again.  "Everything."
She looked me over one more time and I was now becoming uncomfortable.  "Well, just ask if you need anything.  I'll be right here."
I cleared my throat and forced another smile. "Thank you!  Thank you!" I said almost stuttering.  "I'll… I'll just leave now…"  I turned and headed for the stairs as quickly as I could without seeming too panicked.  Bonaparte stared down at me as I passed beneath him.  I perceived a bit of sympathy in his expression this time.  At least, I thought I did.  He was already becoming a friend.


Chapter Six
Micaela Almonester Pontalba, as I would read later in bed, was the wealthiest woman in New Orleans during her time.  Like many Creoles of French and Spanish decent, she had been married at the age of fifteen to a cousin Xavier Celestin de Pontalba but her inlaws who were living in France turned out to be more interested in her money than in her.  
Micaela's father, Andres Almonester y Rojas, had been a wealthy New Orleans notary and politician who amassed a fortune in colonial real estate with the indulgence of Spanish authorities.  In 1777, the crown allowed him to acquire public lands on both sides of the town square which he developed into lucrative rental properties and the basis of his real estate fortune.  He was seventy years old when Micaela was born and died just three years later.  In her marriage contract of 1811, Micaela's widowed mother agreed to an expensive dowry for her daughter to seal the alliance with their socially-prominent Pontalba cousins.  
Micaela's new father-in-law was the Baron Joseph Delfau de Pontalba who served both the French and Spanish as a military officer but lived in a constant state of paranoia about money and social standing.  After the wedding, Micaela was promptly whisked off to France to live at Mont l'Evêque, the Pontalba family chateau not far from Paris.  There she lived a virtual prisoner of the family who made her life miserable.
Micaela bore her lackluster husband five children but the influence of her father-in-law on their marriage was disastrous.  It soon became apparent the elder Pontalba was intent on seizing the entire Almonester fortune for himself.  As early as two years after the wedding, he had Micaela sign a general power of attorney to her husband giving him control of her total assets, rents and capital, both dotal and as sole heir of her father's fortune.  French law provided a head and master marital regime but husbands had grave obligations to account for their wives' funds mortgaging their own assets as guarantee.  Micaela began to suspect the elder Pontalba's intentions when she discovered he was engaged in freely appropriating her money.
By the 1830s, Micaela had enough and began a series of lawsuits to get a separation but consistently lost to the strictures of French law on marriage.  Her efforts to protect her fortune enraged her father-in-law so much that, in November 1834, he shot her point blank with a pair of dueling pistols at the family chateau.  That evening, after brooding through the day, he went outside and took his own life with the same pistols.
Despite four round gunshots to the chest, two fingers shattered and blood spewing everywhere, Micaela managed to survive.  Several lawsuits later, she received her separation but not before gaining her title as the Baroness de Pontalba.  In New Orleans, a civil law judge ordered the restitution of her entire property.  
Now, as New Orleans' wealthiest woman, the baroness went on to build the elegant row houses known as the Pontalba Apartments and supervised the restoration of various public buildings including, of course, the Cabildo and the Presbytere.  And in Paris, she resided in a magnificent residence on the rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, today just down from the Palais de l'Élysée, home of the French presidents, and known as the Hotel Pontalba, the official residence of the American Ambassador to France.
I closed the book and lay there pondering this illustrious yet tragic life.  Gaudreaux was right, the Baroness Pontalba was one of the most interesting and colorful women in New Orleans history if not the most.  But what would all this have to do with the mystery I was hired to solve?  What connection could there be to this woman who lived over a hundred-fifty years before?  Gaudreaux must have had his reasons for mentioning her.  I pondered this further.  Then with no other ideas to go on after that, I rolled over and fell asleep.


Chapter Seven
"Mr. Gaudreaux?"  I was sitting at the breakfast table off my hotel lobby the following morning talking into my cell phone.  I had overslept and had just made it downstairs in time to grab something before the buffet table shut down.  Since I was alone there at the time, I decided to telephone Gaudreaux right away.
"Yes, Mr. Bennington.  I recognize your voice."
"We need to talk," I said while munching on a blueberry muffin.
"All right," replied Gaudreaux without hesitation.
"Shall I come up to your place again?"
There was a brief pause and I thought for a moment we had lost our connection.  "No, no," Gaudreaux continued suddenly.  I have some shopping to do in the Quarter.  Some greeting cards, things like that.  I'll meet you somewhere there."
I was now sipping my coffee and paused to ask, "Where?"
"A favorite place of mine.  You'll love it.  It might even have something to with our little pursuit."  Another of his ideas, I supposed.  "It's called the Napoleon House."
"A bar?" I asked not fully connecting.
"Yes.  A bar and a restaurant, among other things."
Among other things?  I wondered what that might mean.  “And…?”
"It's at 500 Charters Street.  Just ask anyone to point you there.  I'll see you at one."
At one, I thought to myself.  Another appointment at one.  "Fine.  See you then."
I flipped my phone shut and returned it to my pocket then sipped the last of my coffee.  Might even have something to do with our little pursuit Gaudreaux had said.  Something seemed a bit odd to me about that.  Gaudreaux had said that before about the Baroness Pontalba.  Did he know more than he was letting on, I wondered?  He never seemed to be without an idea.
"How's it going?" asked Jason.  He had caught me while I was having a light lunch later at an outdoor restaurant called the Market Café just across from the French Markets on Decatur Street.
"Oh, hi!" I exclaimed delighted to hear his voice.  I had to swallow a bite of my Swiss cheese omelet before continuing.  "Fine, fine," I assured him.  "Everything's fine."
"Enjoying the locals?" he teased.  He undoubtedly meant the boys.
"Just doing my research, Jason."
"Well, I was worried about you.  Don't want you to get into any trouble way down in decadentville all by your little self."  He then chuckled.
"Don't worry.  I'm a big boy."
Jason laughed once more.  "Uh-oh!" he said suddenly, "I have to go.  The boss is hovering."  That meant Ms. Slaughter the account exec he assisted.  I had never met her but from Jason's accounts, she was aptly named.  "I'll check on you later," he told me.
"Do that."
After the call, I picked up the newspaper I had bought earlier and scanned the headlines.  Nothing new about the museum affair yet.  Well, I thought, I'm sure Gaudreaux would tell me about it if there was.  
I glanced around the area.  It was a beautiful sunny day.  The café was located just at the foot of a magnificent gilded statue of Joan of Arc.  She was on horseback, of course, carrying a flagged standard, a gift from the citizens of France to the City of New Orleans that dominated the market area.  I was beginning to realize what a close relationship New Orleans had once with its mother country and why it had often been referred to as the Paris of the Caribbean.
"Will that be all, sir?" asked Gerard, my waiter of about sixty years, an absolutely charming little man and gay I had surmised earlier.  He had told me he had relocated to New Orleans some thirty years before, I think from Alabama, and had worked in that very café for the good part of the time.  I even joked he must have been the owner by then.
"Yes, that's all," I said folding my paper and reaching for my card to pay.  He then handed me the bill.  "Oh," I said remembering suddenly, "how do I find the Napoleon House?"
"The Napoleon House?" Gerard repeated in question more delaying to gather his thoughts.  He then gestured off in the direction of the square.  "Just walk straight on Decatur three blocks, that’s past the square, and turn right.  It's one block up from there on the corner of Charters and St. Louis."
"Thanks," I said handing the bill back along with my card.
"Going for a Pimm's Cup?" he inquired with a twinkle in his eye.
"I'm sorry?" I asked not fully grasping.
"A Pimm's Cup!" Gerard repeated with enthusiasm.  It's a drink.  They're famous for it there.  Tell Tony the bartender you're a friend of mine.  I've known him for years."
"I'll do that."
It was only half past noon when I reached the corner of Charters and St. Louis.  I'm early, I muttered to myself.  But I wanted to be sure I found the place in time although I had never gotten lost in the Quarter.  Everything was laid out so perfectly.  Those early Frenchmen, I jested in thought, they really knew how to lay out their settlements.
Tony, the bartender, was just wiping down the bar when I entered through the corner door.  The place was old and dark and looked quite legendary.  It was only slightly busy at the time with a few tourists sitting at tables around.  No one was at the bar itself so I slid onto one of the bar stools and presented a cordial smile.
"What can I get you?" asked Tony both confidently and with a dose of panache.  I thought I noticed a slight accent from New York but then I had noticed traces of that in New Orleans speech before.  Just similar inflections, I supposed.
"Uh… a Pimm's Cup?"
"Comin' right up.  I make the best."
 "Oh, yes…" I interjected.  "Gerard said to be sure to tell you… hello."  What a stupid thing to say, I thought to myself.  Tony stared blankly back at me.  "Uh, Gerard… from the Market Café."
"Oh, sure!" Tony said matter of fact.  "Ol' Gerard."  He then chuckled out loud.
"Yeah," I nodded chuckling with him.  He turned away and began the preparation of my drink.
"Interesting place," I said looking around.
Tony then reached for a thin, frayed book lying on the back of the bar.  "We've got copies of this for sale around here somewhere but I'm not sure where."  He handed the book to me.  "You're welcomed to look at the bar's copy, though."
I took the book and stared at the cover aptly named Napoleon House.  "Thanks."  Then I opened the book and began gazing through it.  It was a history of the place from its inception.  I scanned several of the pages plentiful with both text and photos.
It had been a private residence back in the early part of the 19th century.  It was owned by a Nicholas Girod, the New Orleans mayor at the time.  That would have been soon after the Louisiana Purchase was signed, I speculated.  At the time, Napoleon's empire was in disarray.  The British had defeated the emperor for the second time, now at Waterloo, and Napoleon had found himself imprisoned once again, this time on the desolate island of St. Helena off the coast of Africa.  Back then, men like Girod and the infamous pirate Jean Lafitte sipped absinthe together in steamy cafés and envisioned vaporous plots to go rescue their hero.  Perhaps they imagined an empire in the new world.  Perhaps, with their Creole blood racing through their veins, they simply couldn't resist la grande aventure.
    At any rate, two ships were fitted out and the mayor's own house was enlarged to accommodate the imperial presence once the great man had been rescued and brought there.  But Napoleon himself foiled their plot with his untimely death.  Only the emperor's name escaped to New Orleans and to Mayor Girod's fine home.  L'appartement de l'empereur upstairs had been exquisitely furnished in elegant Empire style befitting the emperor's stature and it remains vacant to this day.  It is rented out occasionally, however, for weddings and private banquets.  Another of the many curious legends in this most unusual city's long and fascinating past.
"Well?" asked Tony after I had taken my first Pimm's Cup sip.
"Not bad," I said with a grin.  "Interesting, in fact."  But then what did I know?  I was not a cocktail connoisseur by any stretch of the imagination.
"Visiting?" he inquired.
"Well… yes, sort of," I replied.  "I'm meeting a business associate here at…"  I glanced at my watch and it was a minute to one.  "Well… now!" I said.
"Enjoy," said Tony then he moved off to a couple who had just sat down at the bar a ways from me.
I turned a few more pages of the book taking a closer look at some of the other photos then glanced back over my shoulder when I heard the door open behind me.  It was Gaudreaux coming in.  Prompt, I thought.  Very prompt.


Chapter Eight
"Oh, my dear boy," Gaudreaux said as he approached me from the door.  "I never sit at the bar.  I have my own table overlooking the courtyard.  Shall we?"  He gestured towards the back and to what was obviously the entrance to the restaurant.
"So," I said after we were seated at a table minutes later.  "Where do we go from here?"
The waiter arrived before Gaudreaux could answer.  "My usual, please, and I think my friend here already has his."
I looked up at the waiter with a forced smile.  "Oh, yes.  A Pimm's Cup."  The waiter smiled politely back then left.  His usual, I said to myself referring to Gaudreaux's order.  I couldn't wait to see what that might be.
"Yes," said Gaudreaux tapping his fingers on the table and thinking a moment.  "Where do we go from here?"  After a brief pause, he continued, "Let's see, you've visited the Cabildo I assume…"  Then he suddenly asked, "Did you read the biography of the baroness yet?"
"Oh, I did," I replied pleased with myself.  "Last night as a matter of fact.  Fascinating.  I mean, the baroness."
"Quite."
"You said this place might have something to do with the mystery, as well."
"Something to do with our little pursuit," he qualified.  He was gazing around the place checking out who else might be there.  Who might be listening in, I suspected.  I was becoming suspicious of Gaudreaux for some reason.  He was starting to annoy me, too.  The way he was always so utterly vague.  He wanted me to solve his little mystery yet he was so unclear about everything.  Surely he knew more than he was letting on.
I took another sip of my Pimm's Cup then set it down staring at it.  Well, not really at it, more staring down in thought.  Then I looked back up. "Are there… well, is there anyone… someone here in New Orleans who knew Du Pont personally?  I mean when he was here?  Someone who I might be able to talk with?"
"Well, yes," answered Gaudreaux staring me directly in the eyes.  "But I don't think you would ever get to him?"
"I'm sorry?" I asked a bit confused.  "What do you mean?"
"I mean that the man is a complete recluse.  I don't think he's been out of his mansion on Esplanade for years.  And he never receives anyone."
I smiled in disbelief.  "That's absurd.  He has to do his shopping."
"No, he doesn't.  He has a live-in who does all that for him.  A priest.  Well, a… sort of priest, I suppose."
"I'm not following," I said shaking my head.
The waiter returned with Gaudreaux's cocktail and placed it down on the table before him.  I looked at it inquisitively and Gaudreaux must have noticed my stare.
"A sazerac," he explained.  "It's the official New Orleans cocktail.  It was invented here, you know?  And it's absolutely delicious."  He took a sip then looked at me again.  "You must try one sometime, my boy."
The Pimm's cup was already dancing around in my head and I was sure I wouldn't be trying a sazerac on that particular day.  And he was also beginning to annoy me with that my boy thing.
"So," I said assertively in an effort to speak more clearly in my slightly buzzed state, "we have a recluse on Esplanade…"
"Esplanade and Bourbon, to be exact."
  "Yes.  A recluse who won't talk to anyone and a priest or sort of priest who does his shopping for him."  Gaudreaux was already sipping at his drink again and I was wondering if he was even paying attention to me.  "Tell me about this recluse," I said trying to keep up the conversation.
Gaudreaux set his drink down and after a brief pause and another look around the place, he answered in a quieter voice than before.  "Matthew Delfino is his name."
"Italian."
"There are many people of Italian decent in New Orleans," he told me.  "It's hard to find a lawyer who doesn't have an Italian surname."
"He's a lawyer then."
"No," answered Gaudreaux tapping his fingers on the table again.  "He was Du Pont's valet."
"I see," I said confused even more.  “What is a valet doing living in a mansion on Esplanade?  They don't have that kind of money."
Gaudreaux leaned forward and whispered, "They do if they work it right."
"Meaning?"
"Meaning that Du Pont left him well-cared-for."  Gaudreaux sat back in his chair once more.  "And he left him the mansion, too."
I sighed then stared down at my drink again.  No more Pimm's Cup, I thought.  I looked around for the waiter and he noticed me gazing in his direction.  He approached presently.  "Could I have a glass of water, please?"
"Of course," the waiter replied and left again.
I turned back to Gaudreaux.  "So Du Pont has been dead a long time then."
"Well, yes, of course.  Just after the disappearance…"
I picked up his words, "…of the missing item… the stone."
"Jewel, my boy," Gaudreaux said correcting me again.  "I never said it was a stone.  I said I thought it was a jewel.  Perhaps a jewel."
"Yes… a jewel.  A rare jewel you had thought."
"Du Pont left two million to Delfino in his will."
"Why?  I mean, why would Du Pont leave his valet two million dollars?  That was a huge amount of money back in those days."
"To keep his secret," answered Gaudreaux sipping at his drink again.  "Plus, there was more to their relationship than just master and valet."  I perked up with interest.  "Master and slave, was more like it," Gaudreaux elaborated.
"Why would Du Pont want his slave… or his lover or whatever he was to keep this… great secret, I mean keep it after his death?"
Gaudreaux smiled sardonically as he replied, "That, my boy, is a mystery as great as the one we are trying to solve."
"Perhaps if I knew the answer to that, Mr. Gaudreaux, I would know how to solve the mystery of this missing… item!"
"Well," he said picking up his drink again, "we don't know the answer to that and we probably never will."  The waiter approached and set a glass of water down before me then left.  At last, I thought.  I picked up the glass and drank the entire contents all at once.  It was refreshing, to say the least.
"Where do I find this priest?" I asked placing the empty water glass down.
"John Paul," Gaudreaux said giving me his name.
"Yes.  Where do I find this priest… this John Paul?"
Gaudreaux toyed with his own near-empty glass a moment then replied, "He has something to do with the cathedral."
"The St. Louis Cathedral… on Jackson Square?"
"There is only one cathedral in any city, my dear boy," Gaudreaux instructed me.  "A Roman Catholic one, that is.  But I don't think you will find him there."
"Why not?"
"Because he doesn't really have a position there.  I've checked."
"But, you said…"
Gaudreaux leaned forward again.  "I said he has something to do with the cathedral.  What that is, I don't know.  I can't figure that out.  But they know him.  That's all they would say."
"Who're they?"
"Other priests.  I've asked more than one.  Let's just say that he's a bit of a mystery at this point."
"Mr. Gaudreaux," I said pointedly, "there isn't anything you have told me so far that's not a mystery of some sort.  Aren't there any facts in this thing at all?"
Gaudreaux sensed my growing annoyance.  Not so much with him but with the situation.  He leaned back again.  "Why don't you visit The Ninth Circle?"
"Another bar?"
"Precisely.  But not a regular bar."
"I'm sorry?"
"It's a gay bar, my boy.  It's up on Rampart."
"Rampart."
"Rampart," he repeated.  That's the street at the top of the Quarter.  I'm not sure exactly where it is on Rampart but it's near Congo Square."
"Another square."
"Not really a square but it's called that.  It's the cross street at the gates of Armstrong Park."
"As in Louis?" I quipped.
"Yes," said Gaudreaux with a heavy sigh tiring of my growing sarcasm.  "It's near there somewhere."
"Why The Ninth Circle?  I mean, why go there?"
Gaudreaux finished off his drink and set the empty glass down.  "I'm told he hangs out there… sometimes."
"Do they know him by name, you think?"
"I'm sure they must," he said smugly.  "John Paul is well known in that milieu."
Gaudreaux signaled then for the waiter and I hastily reached into my pocket in an effort to pay but he waved his hand instantly.  "I've got it," he told me.  "Oh, and yes," he said suddenly, "I've made an appointment for you at the Cabildo… with a Mr. Robaire."
"Is he a curator?"
"An assistant to the Director of Collections.  He's actually the Registrar.  You know, the one having to do with the keeping of records on the museum's collection, that sort of thing.  And he's very helpful.  He has something there to show you."
Finally, I was intrigued.  "Might I ask what that might be?"
"A folder.  You might find some of the papers in it helpful."
There was that word helpful again. "When is my appointment with this… Mr. Robaire?"
The waiter approached with the bill and a pen.  Gaudreaux took both and signed the bill immediately.  I figured he had some sort of house account there.  Then he returned them both and the waiter left.  Gaudreaux looked back at me continuing, "Tomorrow… tomorrow at one."
One o'clock, I said to myself.  Does Gaudreaux ever arrange anything at any other time of day?


Chapter Nine
I bid good-bye to Gaudreaux outside the bar then turned and headed back towards the square.  I was feeling lightheaded from my drink.  Tourists were everywhere, of course.  Sidewalk artists were busy sketching portraits and street entertainers were performing their various stultifying tricks for loose change.
I strolled through the park again and marveled at the immaculately-manicured greens.  There was a fountain dedicated to General Charles De Gaulle upon his visit to the city that was particularly charming.  Very French, I thought.  Just then, the bells of the cathedral began ringing and for a brief moment I had the feeling I was somewhere in Central France.
"Look, mommy," said a little boy holding tight to his mother's skirt and pointing up at a lifesize statue of King Louis IX, better known as Saint Louis.  They were in the cathedral which was open to tourists and I had ventured in, as well.  The statue was rather austere, I thought, with Louis holding Christ's crown of thorns on a pillow out before him.  There was a matching statue, too.  Matching in size and vividness that was just across the center aisle of Joan of Arc, another Catholic saint.  They guarded the aisle at the back of the 19th century sanctuary that was a soaring spectacle in itself with dazzling murals across its concave nave depicting various biblical scenes.
I later sat for a few minutes in one of the pews down near the altar taking in the opulence of it all.  One impressive mural high in the apse portrayed Louis standing before the doors of the Cathedral of Notre Dame in Paris announcing his crusade.  And below that, a prominent inscription in Latin just above the altar reading Ecce Panis Angelorum.  A marble plaque to one side stated that the St. Louis Cathedral had been designated a minor basilica by Pope Paul VI in 1964.  I wondered what a minor basilica meant exactly.  Some level of status in relation to St. Peter's in Rome, I gathered.  The Catholics were always so official about everything.  
I then walked around the back of the sanctuary keeping an eye out for any priests but none were to be found.  There was a couple of nuns in the entranceway selling religious trinkets and the likes but they were busy with tourists when I passed through and I didn't think it was the right time to be asking about this elusive priest John Paul.  Anyway, I would find out more, I hoped, at The Ninth Circle later that evening.
Outside the cathedral again, I could hear music and crowds a block or two up and decided to investigate what might be going on there.  What a sight I discovered.  I found myself in the middle of famed Bourbon Street and as far as I could see in either direction were partying tourists, many of college age, carrying their drinks right in their hands parading along the pedestrian-only thoroughfare past bar after bar the likes of which I had never seen.  Was this the decadence Jason was referring to?  Some of it, maybe.  I can say I was totally intrigued but it was definitely not my scene.
Farther down, I saw a few more bars open to the street and filled with mostly young males laughing it up and carrying on in grand style.  The distinctive rainbow flags of the gay community were flying abundantly on the outsides of all of them and I knew Jason would have been in heaven.  I shouldn't have been so hard on him, I thought.  He was only trying to loosen me up.  I could be stiff at times, I suppose.  But then, that was my personality.  I was rather bookish, I admitted to myself.  A little fun wouldn't do you any harm he had said.  Just then, my head started spinning.  The full force of the Pimm's cup had gotten to me at last and I decided I had better head back to my hotel in haste.
Sometime later, much later, I awoke to an almost completely dark room except for a bit of moonlight coming in through the slats of the closed shutters on the outsides of the windows.  I reached over and turned on the bed light.  My watch read ten-forty-five.  I was starving.  I must have been sleeping for hours.  What a cheap date I am I muttered to myself.
After a quick shower, I dressed and headed out to the street again, this time wearing jeans.  It was alive, as usual, even for a Sunday night.  I really didn't know where to go for anything to eat and I had totally forgotten to ask the night desk clerk before leaving the hotel.  I was strolling along Decatur again coming up on Ursulines when I saw a trendy-looking place called Margaritaville.  It had what looked like a younger crowd and I thought I would give it a try.  I entered the wide-opened doorway and right away found a place at the bar to sit down.
"What would you like?" asked the sexy little female bartender.  She looked no more than sixteen but I'm sure she was at least of legal age.  "I can make you an awesome strawberry margarita," she offered with a sassy smile.
"Oh, no," I replied.  "Too early for me."  Her face twisted up and I was sure she was thinking what a weirdo this one is.  "I'll just have a coke with lime."
"Sure."  Then, she handed me a bar menu.  "If you want anything to eat, just let me know."
"Thanks!" I said with a smile.   I was so hungry I could have eaten the menu at that point.  I took it scanning it briefly and when she returned with my drink, I ordered a catfish po'boy with double fries before she could even sit my drink down on the bar.
Later, the same bartender collected my empty plate and I handed her my card to pay.  "How do I get to Rampart Street from here?"
"Straight up Ursulines 'bout six blocks,” she replied without hesitation.  It's a wide street.  You won't miss it."
"Ever hear of Congo Square?"
"Oh, sure," she replied instantly again.  "My boyfriend plays in a club near there.  He's a guitarist."
Dared I ask?  "Would the club happen to be called The Ninth Circle?"
"No," she said shaking her head.  "I think that's just a bar.  He plays in a club."
"Oh."  I then signed the print out and took back my card.  "I'm looking for The Ninth Circle somewhere near there."
"That's right on Rampart, isn't it?" she asked tilting her head like she was trying to recall it in her memory.
"Yeah.  I've never been there myself but I was told it's near Congo Square."
She walked away before I could ask if she thought the place might be open on a Sunday night.  But then I was beginning to get the feeling New Orleans never sleeps.  I had never been to a place where people walked from bar to bar with drinks in their hands.  I had heard of it.  But New Orleans was my first.


Chapter Ten
On my way up Ursulines, I crossed Chartres.  You can't walk a half block in New Orleans without coming across some historical plaque describing something fascinating in the city's 300-year history.  I was passing alongside an historical dormitory-like building which I soon learned was the Old Ursuline Convent.  The plaque said it was built in 1745 and was believed to be the oldest building in the Mississippi Valley.   I felt I could just stroll the streets all night reading notations and soaking up the rich historical past but there was no time for that.  I had a mystery to solve, I reminded myself, and after all, I was being paid to do it.
Rampart was really not that far since the blocks of the French Quarter are actually rather short by comparison.  I was there in no time.  I turned and walked along its sidewalk with light traffic passing on the street and gazed at the various boutique hotels along the way with their facades lit up in the night.  Not much farther, I reached the beginning of the park Gaudreaux had told me was there, Armstrong Park he had said, and soon arrived at the crossing where a huge, iron, arc-shaped gate gave entrance to it although it was closed.  That was, I gathered, Congo Square.  I looked around but I didn't see The Ninth Circle anywhere.
Maybe it's not here anymore, I thought to myself.  Or maybe Gaudreaux was mistaken about its location.  He appeared to have never been there.  I kept walking.  Not more than a block or two more, I came to a bar called not surprising The Ninth Circle.  The corner door was open to the street and a few patrons were just coming out.  I could hear heavy music within and knew I had found my place.
Inside, it was dark but inviting.  Inviting, I say, because the lights, though dim, were warm.  Some were even red.  But it was not your usual bar décor.  Gothic, I think they call it.  Lots of gargoyles and feathers and skeletons.  That sort of thing.  The crowd, though, was pleasant enough and very young.  More Jason's age.  I could tell it was an alternative bar but not your usual gay bar per se.  Just eclectic, I guess.  Strange, though, a priest, or a sort of priest like this John Paul, would hang out there.
I approached the bar itself which was hardly crowded and sat down on one of the stools.  The female bartender was at the moment serving drinks to a couple of young lesbians, at least I assumed they were lesbians, down the way and she hadn't seen me yet.  She, herself, was interestingly dressed, to put it mildly.  She was totally in black wearing a very short mini-skirt with wide knit stockings and high boots.  Her make-up, from what I could see from where I was, was almost white and her lipstick either black or dark blue, I wasn't exactly sure.  And oh, her died black hair was a mess.  Well, I say a mess because it looked like a mess to me.  She probably spent hours on it.  Everything was look in a place like that, I surmised.
Finally, she noticed me and approached.  I ordered a light beer and she left for the cooler to get it.  I looked around the place again but didn't see anyone who looked remotely like a priest.  But then, in New Orleans, that could be anything, I figured.  I didn't know what I was looking for, actually.  The bartender then returned with my beer.
"Thanks," I said.  She smiled and it was genuine.  That was the opening I needed.  "I'm looking for someone."
She snickered.  "Isn't everyone?"
"No, no," I said hastily.  "Someone in particular… his name is John Paul."  She stared at me blankly.  "You ever hear of him?"
"Not really.  But then, I don't ask people their names, you know?  Like yours… I don't know what your name is.  I don't care.  I mean, I don't mean that I don't care, I mean…"
"No, no," I interjected.  "I understand.  Just thought he was well-enough known around here you might, well know of him."
She thought a moment then asked, "What does he look like?"
I smiled sheepishly, my usual, of course.  "I was afraid you were going to ask me that.  I don't know.  I've never met him myself.  Someone told me to look him up… that he hangs out here sometimes."
"Sorry," she said apologetically.  "I see a lot of people."
"He's a priest," I blurted out suddenly.
She looked at me inquisitively.  "What kind of priest?  Like a voodoo priest or something?"
"No, not that," I said.  "A real priest.  He's a Catholic priest."
"Well, I don't know of any Catholic priests around here."  Then she stopped and thought a moment.  "Wait," she said biting her lip.  "Is he the one that's head of that weird group or something?"
"Maybe," I said perking up.  "Maybe… what kind of group?"
"Well," she said putting her hand on her hip and digging deep into her memory, "there's this group of guys who practice some weird religious shit, you know what I mean?"
"No, but I think that might be it."
She went silent as if there wasn't much more she could offer.  Then she shrugged her shoulders and started to turn away.
"This group," I said stopping her.  "Do they come around often?"
She hesitated.  "Not a lot," she said.  "I mean, on certain nights… I think full-moon nights or something like that.  They start off here… sort of congregate here for drinks… then they split and I have no idea where they go from here.  I've just heard they're into some weird stuff."
My mind was racing trying to think of something else to ask just to keep the conversation going.  Suddenly, she blurted out, "Oh, wait!  I do know one of the guys in that group… well, I think he's in it.  And he probably knows your priest friend, too."
"Who's that?" I asked getting excited now.
"His name is Karl.  He's a bartender over at The Phoenix."
"Is that another gay bar?"
"Yeah," she said.  "They have an upstairs there called The Eagle.  He's a bartender upstairs."
"Is he on tonight?"
She glanced over her shoulder just as three youth in gothic attire slipped up to the bar a ways away.  "Couldn't tell you."  Then she headed for the newcomers.
I left the bar in haste eager to track down this latest lead and totally forgot to ask where The Phoenix Bar was located.  There was a taxi idling at the curb so I headed for it and opened the back door.
"Going to a bar called The Phoenix."  I slid into the seat and closed the door behind me.
"Sure," said the driver with a nod.  He was a scruffy old guy who could have used a haircut, I thought.  But he obviously knew where The Phoenix was and that's all I wanted to hear.


Chapter Eleven
    The Phoenix was on Elysian Fields, another tree-lined boulevard not far from the Quarter.  But when the taxi pulled up, I could tell the area was not as touristy and was even a bit seedy.  I paid the fare and got out then found myself standing before a two-story building also with a corner door and wondered if all the bars in New Orleans had the same kind of entrances.   I opened the door and went inside.
The interior was your quintessential levi-leather gay bar complete with loud music, pool table, middle-class guys of all ages and lit up like a Christmas tree.  The doorman asked for my I.D. which I presented then I leaned in closer to be heard above the noise of the music and the crowd.  "The Eagle's upstairs, right?"
"Yeah, man."  He pointed towards the back. "Past the bar and up the back stairs."
"Thanks.  Is Karl on tonight?"
 "Karl's on," the doorman told me.
Great, I'm in luck, I thought.  Now, I feel like I'm getting somewhere.  As I headed towards the back I thought about Jason and how thrilled he would have been seeing me getting out with the boys as he would have put it.  I'd have a hard time convincing him it was all for research, though.  And it was.
The stairway was circular and went straight up.  I hadn't seen stairways in bars like that since Amsterdam.  So narrow you had to plaster yourself against the wall to pass anyone coming down.  I climbed upwards to what appeared to be a completely dark area at the top.  But a few seconds later my eyes adjusted and I could see the room was packed with men both young and not so.  It was a mix of types, too, heavy on the levi's, of course.  The bar itself was lined shoulder to shoulder with patrons and my only chance to reach the bartender was at the order station around the corner of it.  I made my way in that direction and received a couple of surprised pats on the rear along the way.
"Karl?" I asked when the bare-chested bartender approached me.  He was an amiable young guy no more than a couple of years out of college with a shaved head and a rather impressively-designed tattoo cascading off one shoulder and down his rather buff arm.
"Yeah!" he exclaimed with a genuine smile.  Then he reached his hand out to shake mine.  "Do I know you?"
"No," I said having to shout above the crowd.  "Just heard you're a great bartender!" I said chuckling.
"Hey, man!  I'm here to please!" he jested with a hearty laugh of his own.  "What can I get you?"
"A beer," I said.  "Make it a light."  And within seconds one was sitting on the bar in front of me with the cap flipped off.  I handed over a five and he returned my change.
"New here?  Haven't seen you before."
"Yeah.  I'm down from New York City."
"Oh, awesome!  My ex is from the Big Apple.  Love to go there but hate the expense."
"Know what you mean," I said with a confirming smile.
Karl then moved off to serve some other patrons who were now calling for service.  I figured I'd have to wait a while until things calmed down before I'd be able to talk with him again.  I left the bar area and pushed my way through the crowd.  The smoke was heavy and the entire place was pretty stuffy, to say the least.  I could hear a wall unit cranking somewhere close by and headed for it.  Once there, I stood with my back against it and relished in the chill of the cool air coming out of it.
"You don't look like you're from New Orleans," said a voice to my right.  It was coming from a nice-looking guy in his late thirties wearing a tank top and also drinking a beer.
"I guess it shows," I said with a forced smile.
"Tourist?"
"Well, not really.  Sort of here on business, I guess."
"Names Gary," he said with a friendly smile of his own.
"Oh, hi!   I'm Michael.  Mike's okay, though."
"Nice to meet you."  He then took a sip of his beer and an uncomfortable lull followed while we checked each other out.  I wasn't looking for conversation really but then I didn't want to seem stuck-up either.
"This your regular hang-out?" I asked to break the silence.  Stupid question I thought but I couldn't think of anything else to say.
"Pretty much.  I sometimes go over to The Rawhide but the crowd's a little younger there.  I feel more comfortable here."
"You know Karl?"
"You mean, the bartender?"
"Yeah."
"Sure.  Everyone knows Karl.  He works weekends.  He's a great guy."
"What about his friends?"
"What about 'em?"
"I mean, you know any of them?"
Gary thought a moment then shook his head.  "Can't say I do.  No.  I don't know him that well.  Just here at the bar is all."
"I see."  I took a sip of my beer then looked around the place again.  It didn't seem to be slowing down very much.  "Is it always this busy?"
Gary laughed.  "You should see it on Friday and Saturday nights!  You can't move."
"I can't move now," I said laughing with him.
"You been in the back yet?"
"What's in the back?"
"The back room."
I looked across the bar but really couldn't see anything but smoke.  "You mean, there's a back room… like a back room?" I asked pretty much knowing he was referring to one of those dark places where guys get it on anonymously.
"Oh yeah!"  Gary then chuckled again.  "Not my thing but it's sure popular here."
"Not, my thing either," I agreed taking another sip of my beer.
We chatted about ten or so minutes and I could tell he was suffering a bit from the heat.  He had probably been standing there for quite some time.  After a while more, he whispered, "I think I'll head downstairs for a bit and get some fresh air.  I'll look for you later."
"Yeah," I said nodding in return.  "Catch you later."
After Gary left, I sipped on my beer for a while longer and pondered my next move.  It was definite I wasn't going to have a chance to talk with Karl for the rest of the night which might be hours.  I would need to come back at a quieter time when it was slower, much slower.  On my way out the downstairs door, I leaned over to the same doorman and asked, "What nights did you say Karl works?"
"Friday through Sunday," the doorman told me.  "But he's downstairs Fridays until the Eagle opens upstairs at nine."
"Thanks," I said.  Then I turned and headed out the door.  This was just going to have to wait 'til Friday, I told myself.


Chapter Twelve
State museum director resigns! read the front page headline of The Times-Picayune the following morning.  I was back at the Market Café having breakfast and had just opened the paper to catch up on the latest news.  Oh, finally something, I muttered to myself.  I read further: The executive director of the Louisiana State Museum, locked in a bitter dispute with the lieutenant governor over the museum's management, announced today he will resign immediately.  I paused to ponder this a moment.  Then I took a sip of my coffee and read on: It is a surprise move for many of the museum's longtime supporters.  That, of course, would be Gaudreaux and his Friends of the Cabildo.
Well, well, I said to myself laying the paper down for a moment.  This is exactly what everyone had been trying to avoid, a return to the old days.  This would mean hands-on control again by the State and in this case the lieutenant governor's office that might really bottle things up. I wondered what this might mean, my being here in New Orleans at Gaudreaux's request in light of it all.
"Enjoying your stay in New Orleans?" asked Gerard the waiter as he collected my empty plate and refilled my coffee cup at the same time.
"Very much so."  And I was serious about that.  Despite the mystery was unfolding laboriously, just the exploration of such a culturally diverse city with such a captivating past was more than enough to enthrall an ol' history buff like myself.  "I guess you never get bored here, do you?" 
"Never," Gerard replied with a confident smile.  "But I live a quiet life.  I have my personal friends, you see, and that's enough for me."
I smiled then teased, "Not into the night life anymore?"
"Been there, done that," Gerard said with a chuckle.  "I'll leave that to you younger ones and to you tourists."
That was it.  If one more person took me for a tourist I was going to strangle them.  I decided to clarify that once and for all, at least with Gerard.  "I'm not a tourist, you know?" I said sipping at the fresh cup of coffee.
"No?" he uttered surprised.  "I thought you were."
I set my coffee cup down and looked back up.  "I'm here on an assignment.  Having to do with research."
"Oh, I see," said Gerard accepting this without prodding any further.  He was his usual polite self and I decided to leave it at that.  "Would you like a dessert, sir?"
"Well, no, I don't think so.  I'm due at the Cabildo soon."
"Now, that's a place for research," Gerard remarked emphatically.  "Lots of history there."
"I'll say."  Gerard then left with my empty plate and I picked up the newspaper again.  I was suddenly drawn to a second article at the bottom of the front page I had not yet seen.  The headline read: Still No Leads in Cabildo Murder.  Police Stumped.  What murder, I asked myself?  What could they be talking about?  I read then about the museum director Etienne Barbeau's grisly killing four months before and paused a moment to wonder why Gaudreaux had never mentioned this.  It even said it followed a Friends of the Cabildo event and was the city's highest profile case in recent times.  I was dumbfounded.  I made a note in my mind of an article published earlier mentioned in that one which had apparently first announced the killing right after it had happened and decided to look into that later.  Gerard then returned with my bill.
"Tell me something, Gerard.  You've been around the Quarter a long time…"
"Thirty years," he reminded me.
"Yes, I know.  What's the story with that big old mansion up on Esplanade… the one on the corner of Bourbon?  You know anything about that?"
"Not much," said Gerard brushing it off.  Something told me he knew more than he was saying.  I decided to prod further.
"You know anything about the recluse who lives there?"
Gerard looked around the sparse place for a moment then turned back.  "Delfino's his name," he replied without hesitation.
"Oh, then, you know of him."
"Well, just about everyone knows of him.  It's just not many people know much about him being shut up and all that for all these years."
"I see."
"Story goes he used to work for a very wealthy man eons ago who left him a comfortable fortune.   And later… oh, much later… when I first came to New Orleans, he used to throw some pretty gay parties there."
"Gay?" I repeated hoping to break the sexual preference ice.
"Gay, alternative… whatever you want to call it," he said downplaying the issue.  That was typical of his age I often found.  "I went to a couple of the parties myself but those days are long gone."
I handed over my card and Gerard left with it.
I wonder, I said to myself.  Just how much did Gerard actually know about Delfino?  Maybe he even knew something about this priest, this John Paul.  After all, when you got down to it, the Quarter was rather compact in configuration.  I'd say word got around if you were part of the local scene.  A moment later, Gerard returned and I signed the bill.
"No parties in the big house any more then?"
"Parties?" Gerard replied slightly thrown.  "Oh, you mean up on Esplanade.  No, no," he assured me.  "Delfino's much too old now.  He must be pushing ninety, I'd say.  There haven't been parties there for twenty years."
"I'm told he has a roommate," I said off the cuff handing the signed bill back to him.
"No," Gerard corrected me quite emphatically.  "He's not a roommate.  He's a live-in.  Well, not really a live-in.  He occupies a place in the back in what was once the graçonnier."
That was a term I was not familiar with.  "Garçonnier?"
"Yes.  In Creole families, back in the eighteen hundreds, of course, once boys reached a certain age, you know, post puberty… they lived in separate quarters from the main house, away from their female siblings.  Very proper then, you see?  And they stayed there until they either married or left as grown men."
"I see."  A curious custom, I thought.  "And this live-in… out back that is… well, he helps out with things then, I gather."
"I would guess."
"Know anything about him?"
Gerard looked around the place again, this time to be sure no other customers were sitting close enough to hear anything at all.  Then he leaned over and whispered, "Deviant,"
"I'm sorry?"
"Religious deviant.  Takes part in bizarre rites.  I have it on the best of sources," he assured me.
Now, I really was intrigued.  Ol' Gerard knew more than I ever dreamed he would.  "What kind of rites?"
"Oh," Gerard mused searching for the exact words.  "Sexual acts, orgies… things like that."
"You mean as in satanic rites?"
"No, not that at all," he explained.  "Sexual acts that bring him and his co-participants closer to their divine savior I'm told."  He then leaned over again.  "And on altars apparently."
I was at a loss for words.  Gerard then shrugged his shoulders.  "I only know what I've been told."
"Know where I could find this… live-in?" I asked.
"Don't know why anyone would bother," said Gerard, "unless you're researching something to do with bizarre religious cults.  Have you been by the mansion?"
"No," I said.  "I've been led to believe no one ever answers the door."
"That's my only suggestion.  I certainly don't know anyone who knows him personally."  After that, he turned and left with the bill.
I pondered this a moment longer.  Then I glanced at my watch and saw it was a quarter 'til one.  I was nearly late for my Cabildo appointment.  I grabbed for my newspaper and headed off down Decatur Street towards the square.


Chapter Thirteen
"I have an appointment with a Mr. Robaire," I said to the desk clerk in the entrance hall of the Cabildo.  She was the same fat, middle-aged woman with ponytail I had encountered before.
"Your name?"
"Oh, Bennington.  Michael Bennington."
The woman reached for a clipboard and ran her pudgy finger down a list before spotting my name.  The black guard standing nearby had overheard our conversation and was now approaching.  "Escort this gentleman upstairs to Mr. Robaire's office."
"Sure thing."
Seconds later, we were climbing the same grand staircase I had gone up on my visit as a regular.  But this time, we headed on up a second flight to a third floor and to where the Cabildo's management offices were located.  We hadn't reached the office doors just yet when a distinguished, pleasant-looking, middle-aged man came bursting out to greet us.
"Mr. Bennington, I presume?" the man said with a big smile.
"Yes," I replied and we shook hands.
Robaire turned to the guard.  "Thank you, Benny," and the guard then turned and disappeared back down the stairs.  Robaire opened the door to the office corridor and ushered me inside.  "Come in, come in," he said with much enthusiasm.  I have something Mr. Gaudreaux would like you to see."
"Yes, a file, I believe."
"Not just any file, Mr. Bennington.  The Du Pont File."
"Oh!" I exclaimed.  "That sounds important."  Gaudreaux had not mentioned the file's name to me at all although I'm sure he must have known it.  Curious, I thought. 
"It's just that I don't think anyone has ever asked to see it before."
"I see.  Not even Gaudreaux?"
"Well, I don't know about that," Robaire said with amusement in the sound of his voice.  "Mr. Gaudreaux has seen just about everything there is to see in this place ten times over.  I wouldn't be surprised if he's been through the file a few times himself without my knowledge.  I just don't know."
"I understand."
"It was sealed for a long time, you see?"
"Sealed?"  That was bizarre, I thought.
"Yes.  Back when Elgin Stumps was registrar.  That was before I came on board.  I took over after Stumps left."
"When was that?"
Robaire stopped a moment to think.  "Well, that would have been sometime in February of this year.  Yes, that's when it was.  Stumps left quite suddenly, you see?  He resigned his position and went to live in Spain… Ibiza, I think."
Left suddenly, Robaire had said.  I wondered about that, too.  "Was that after Etienne Barbeau's…?"  I hesitated.
A seriousness came over Robaire instantly when I mentioned Barbeau's name.  "Just after… Tragic event, Mr. Barbeau's… well, murder.  We're still trying to get over that.  I was assistant registrar at the time, you see, and took over when Stumps left."
"Any chance I might be able to contact this Mr. Stumps?"
"Hardly," said Robaire shaking his head disparagingly.  "He was found dead… shortly after arriving in Spain.  Suicide, the State Department had informed us.  Well, he was well into his eighties, you see?  Who knows what his frame of mind was at the time?  The murder and all."
I stood there staring at Robaire in quiet disbelief.  First the museum director's murder then the previous registrar's resignation and suicide just after.  I would have thought Gaudreaux would have mentioned something about this to me.  Things just weren't making sense.  I wanted to ask more about Barbeau's murder, what Robaire knew about it himself, but thought maybe it was inappropriate at the time.  We started walking again and soon came to a door, one of many along the corridor, with an opaque glass in it on which was stenciled the word Registrar in official gold letters.  
"Here we are," said Robaire returning to his amiable self.  "This is where I do my end of the work."  He reached and opened the door for me and we entered a spacious and quiet outer office that was lined with file cabinets all around.  There were some office-like straight chairs and a library table at the room's center, as well.  I could see an opened doorway beyond that led obviously to Robaire's private office.  Robaire gestured to one of the chairs.  "Sit down, sit down!  I'll just go and get the file for you now."
"Thank you."  I reached for one of the chairs and pulled it back.
"Oh," he said stopping suddenly.  "Would you like anything to drink?  A glass of water, perhaps?"
"Thank you, no.  I just came from lunch."
"Fine then.  I'll just go and get the file."
I looked around the place and wondered just how much paperwork must be required to keep tabs on such an extensive collection as the Cabildo's.  I then took a seat at the table and Robaire returned presently.  He laid the file down before me and stepped back.  "I'll just pop out for a few minutes, Mr. Bennington.  I have some business downstairs to take care of.  If you need anything in the meantime, our secretary is in the adjacent office and he will be happy to help you."
"Thank you," I said appreciatively.  "Oh, I was wondering… how long was Stumps… Mr. Stumps… how long was he here at the Cabildo as registrar?"
Robaire thought a moment.  "Well, so many years.  Du Pont had brought him with him from the Smithsonian.  Yes, he had started out as Du Pont's personal assistant before he was made registrar.  So we're talking about the mid-1950s, I suppose."
"I see.  Thank you."
"My pleasure."  Robaire then left the room.
Du Pont's personal assistant, I said to myself.  Well, that was a convenient relationship.  Stumps would have to have known about everything then, the item. Maybe even the code.  I wondered if Du Pont had put Stumps on his keep-the-secret payroll, too.  And what about the murder of the museum director?  What might Stumps have known about that, I wondered?  After all, he had left so suddenly and he was certainly depressed about something.  Wonder what he knew?
I stared down at the file lying before me.  It looked old.  It was made of cardboard in the form of a large flat box and tied with a cloth ribbon like so many I had seen dating back to the first half of the 20th century.  I reached for it and pulled it over in front of me.  I can definitely say I was anxious to get to the inside of it.  I didn't want to get my hopes up too much, though.  It probably contained nothing more than a lot of old newspaper clippings, that sort of thing.  It might not even contain anything of interest at all, or more important, of pertinence.  I carefully untied the string and lifted the lid.
The contents turned out to be a pile of old documents having to do with items in the collection of interest to Du Pont for some reason but nothing really that outstanding.  I scanned each one as I picked it up and read the various notations written in hand along the edges of some of them.  There were some photographs, too, old 19th century types mounted on cardboard of the Cabildo and the Presbytere exteriors back when the Mansard roofs were being added and there was a notation on one of them from the period that read the baroness was quite pleased.  I then surmised the Baroness Pontalba had something to do with the roof additions, as well.  I had already read in her biography that she had been personally involved in most of the renovations even climbing high on scaffolding to inspect work first hand.  What an amazing woman, I thought.  And in the 1840s!  How in the world did she get up there in all those skirts?
I must have spent at least a half hour going through the file and nothing really seemed out of the ordinary until I got to the very bottom of the stack.  There were a few personal letters, very old, written to the baroness that Du Pont had collected for some reason like one from a close friend of hers, a Madeleine Malus living out in the country somewhere and an even older letter from Paris written in French.  Oh, I thought to myself, my French is not that good anymore.  Then I noticed a newer piece of paper attached to it with a paper clip on which a handwritten English translation had been written.  I wondered if Du Pont had translated the letter himself.  I would not have been surprised to learn he was fluent in French a man of his education and cultural background.  The translation read:
  Paris, May 2nd, 1818
  Madame,
I trust all is well with you at Mont l'Evêque.
I looked up pondering this.  That would have been the Pontalba chateau not far from Paris where the baroness was living with her husband's family and still a virtual prisoner as she had not yet endured the gunshot wounds inflicted on her by her father-in-law nor regained her estate rights restoring her marital independence.  That was not until well into the 1830s.  I continued reading:
As you know, on her deathbed, the empress had entrusted me with her most cherished possession, the jewel the emperor had given her upon the first anniversary of their marriage and rumored to be his most cherished personal possession before that…
The hair was beginning to stand up on the back of my neck.  A jewel! I said to myself quite excitedly.  A jewel!  The first mention of a jewel!  Could this be the missing item, I wondered.  I went on:

…in the hope and desire its great value would be used to finance the emperor's escape from the Island of Elba.  The empress' untimely death followed shortly thereafter, as you know, and the emperor's own escape and his return to power in France followed and both you and I watched those tumultuous events with complete awe.
As her personal attorney and one of her closest friends, it was my duty to guard the secret of this jewel as the empress had instructed me to do and both you and I know in subsequent conversations we had following her death that I was perplexed, even tortured with the burden of it as the empress had not given me instructions as to what to do with the jewel otherwise.
Then came the emperor's defeat at Waterloo and his second imprisonment on the Island of St. Helena off the Coast of Africa and the idea of an escape from that horrid and desolate place seemed an impossibility.  Upon one of your returns from the city of your birth, that great City of New Orleans, you confided in me that the elders of the city, the powers that be, great patriots of French blood, were in the process of concocting a plot to send  ships across the Atlantic to St. Helena to in fact rescue our beloved emperor and bring him safely back to the new world.
I paused again pondering this.  So this is what Gaudreaux meant when we had drinks at his Napoleon House.  This is what he meant when he said this might have something to do with our little pursuit.  I read on:
All would have transpired perfectly, for as you know, I was due to set sail on the Atlantique this coming week with the jewel in my possession to deliver it to the brave gentlemen of New Orleans myself fulfilling what both you and I agreed and believed in our hearts would surely have been the empress' desire.
I am sorry to inform you, my dear, dear friend, that I have fallen gravely ill and my personal physician Monsieur Reynard has given me but a few days yet to live.  Therefore, upon my death, I have instructed my valet Monsieur Charles Pontois to deliver to you the black tortoise shell box ornamented with gold guilloche bearing the empress' monogram which contains the precious jewel.  It is my ardent wish, and I have no doubt would have been  the empress,' as well, as she adored you from the moment she first laid eyes on you at Malmaison shortly after her divorce from His Imperial Majesty, that you would transport the precious contents of it to New Orleans yourself and deliver it in person to your fellow compatriots to finance their noble cause.
This will very likely be the last communication between us, Madame, and I remain respectfully yours until my dying breath.
  Jean-Jacque Bertrand, Marquis de Duranteau
My head was swimming.  This had to be it! I thought to myself.  But how could I be sure this was in fact the jewel Gaudreaux was talking about, or the item he thought was a jewel.  And yet, he sent me here to take a look at this file.  Why?  He must have seen the file himself before.  And he must have wanted me to discover this letter.  
I happened to flip the translation page over and to my surprise, I discovered a notation on the back side of it.  It was the code, the same code Gaudreaux had given me in his Garden District home.  And it was in the same handwriting as the letter's translation.  That was the proof.  The code must have been written by Du Pont on the back of the letter and at the same time he noted it in the ledger.  Written on the back of the translation was a second notation, as well, which read has current family living here at 73 St. Ferdinand.
I carefully put the letter and translation back into the file box and sat back in my chair.  So the item was a jewel after all.  That's evident now.  And the jewel came from France.  And the jewel arrived in New Orleans in the possession of the Baroness Pontalba herself.  What became of it after that I did not know.  It ended up, of course, in the Cabildo's collection but what happened about the escape plot, I wondered?  Was the jewel ever turned over to those in charge of that.  Girod, I think was his name?  Yes, Girod.  The mayor of New Orleans who had offered his own house on Charters for the emperor's personal use.
The picture book had said the plot was foiled in the end by the emperor's own untimely death.  So maybe the jewel never even got here in time.  Or maybe it was returned to the baroness or became the possession of the City of New Orleans by default and eventually ended up in the State's museum collection and later the Cabildo's.  Whatever.  That wasn't important.  What was, though, was that it was a break in the mystery at long last.  And to think, there were current relatives here in New Orleans who might have been able to shed light on this long ago mystery.  Well, they were here when Du Pont made the notation, at least.  They could still be around, some of them.  Right here on St. Ferdinand Street.  That had to be my next destination, no doubt about it.


Chapter Fourteen
I returned to my hotel as quickly as possible to take a look at my little map and discovered I was in luck.  I found St. Ferdinand and it looked like it was only a few blocks away.  I hurried back down the stairs to where my desk clerk friend was there on duty.
"Question for you," I said approaching the desk.  She brightened up at once.  "I'm heading for St. Ferdinand Street.  Know where that is?"
"As a matter of fact I do.  I live in Bywater."
"That's near here, right?" I asked thrusting the map out in front of her.  "It looks like it to me."
"Yes," she told me pointing on the map.  "The three historical areas near here are the French Quarter, the Marigny and Bywater.  The Quarter is shaped like a rectangle, you see?  But the other two are shaped more like pieces of a pie with their points joining one another at one corner of the Quarter near the river."
I was a little confused but tried to follow anyway.  "So would I be able to walk there from here?"
"Oh, of course.  But I'm off in five minutes and heading home on my scooter.  I'll give you a ride.  I pass right by St. Ferdinand on my way."
That was gracious of her, I thought, but did I really want to open up anything?  Open up what, I asked myself?  Maybe I was too damn cautious about things.  Always suspicious of people like Gaudreaux.  Always thinking I'm going to regret something.  "Sure, that would be great!" I told her.
And within ten to fifteen minutes, we were racing through the streets on her spiffy, lime-colored Japanese scooter.  We headed straight down North Peters several blocks until my new friend pulled over and stopped at the curb.  "This is it," she said.  I hopped off at once.  "I'd show you around but gotta go.  My boyfriend's waiting for me.  We're going out to dinner."
"Oh, great!" I said happy for her and relieved for myself.  She really had turned out to be a sweetheart, though.
"Know what you're looking for?"
"Oh, I think I do.  I'm looking for number seventy-three."
"Well, I don't know if you'll find that," she said biting her lip.
"Why's that?"
"Well, look at that house number there."  "This is the first block of houses from the river and the numbers begin in the mid-500s.  Are you sure it's not 573?"
"Not according to my source."  My heart was already sinking.
"Well, have a peek around and if you don't find what you're looking for, it's only a short walk back.  You know the way, don't you?"
"Of course!  Straight back North Peters to Esplanade."
"You got it!"  At this, she floored the gas and the scooter sped off with her waving back at me over her shoulder.  I watched until she had completely disappeared around the corner before I turned and began walking up St. Ferdinand.
Now, what do I do, I wondered?   Maybe the first few blocks of the street got cut off some years later.  Or maybe it was written down wrong in the first place.  I passed number 573 which was an old warehouse of some sort in rather shabby condition.  The windows had been boarded up and it looked abandoned to me.  There were still a lot of properties around like that left over from the ravages of Katrina.  This was going nowhere.  I decided to seek some instant solace.
"Hi," I said into my cell phone.  "It's me, Michael."
"I know who it is, stupid," said Jason on the other end.
"You still at work?"
"Just shutting down.  What's up?"
"I'm confused," I uttered dejectedly.
"What else is new?" Jason blurted out emphatically.  "You've met the love of your life and it's not a female this time, right?"
"Seriously.  I'm trying to get through this research here…"
"Which you haven't told me anything about," Jason interjected.
"I know, I know.  I'm trying to find this address on a street called St. Ferdinand and I'm standing right on the street and I don't see any numbers that correspond."
"Who's address?" he asked with only a passing interest.  It sounded like he was busy opening desk drawers and throwing things into his canvas bag getting ready to walk out the door.
"Some marquis, a French marquis," I told him.  "Well, his descendents, I mean.  Someone wrote on the back of an old letter from him that he had current family living on St. Ferdinand."
"Where did this letter come from?" Jason asked stopping what he was doing.
"It was in an old file in a museum here.  Very old."
"No, I mean where did he write it?"
"In Paris... a long time ago."
  "And?..." Jason prodded.
"And the note on the back of the letter said that the marquis had current family living here."
"Hello?!" Jason blurted out sarcastically.
"What?" 
"Did you ever stop to think the note might have been written somewhere other than New Orleans?"
"No," I replied flatly.  "The note said he has current family living here."
I could hear Jason sighing dramatically.  He did that often when he was getting frustrated over the smallest things.  "Maybe it was written on the back of the letter in Paris."
"Paris!"  I thought about this for a moment.  "I don't even know if there's a St. Ferdinand, or rue St. Ferdinand in Paris."
"Well, why don't you call your friend Patrick and find out?"
"Patrick!" I said surprised at the suggestion.
"Yes, your friend who works at the Louvre who stayed with us last summer while he was working on that show here at the Metropolitan."
I pondered this a moment.  "Well, I suppose I could, but..."
"And tell him I said hello."  Then, without hesitation, "He's got a great ass!"
"Jason!" I blurted out.  "Patrick isn't even gay!"
"So?  He's still got a great ass."
"I won't tell him that."
"Gotta go," Jason said cutting me off.  "My ride's here.  She's waving to me outside my office door."
"Later…"
I flipped my phone shut and returned it to my pocket.  Then I looked around the neighborhood again.  There didn't seem any reasons to stick around there any longer so I decided to head back to my hotel.
"Hey," I said into my phone once back in my room.  I was now lying on my bed and had decided to dial up Patrick at his home in Paris before it got too late.  "It's Michael."
"Michael!" exclaimed Patrick with complete surprise.  "Where are you, in Paris?"
"No, I'm in New Orleans," I answered laughing.
"New Orleans!  You on vacation there?"
"No, I'm doing some research down here.  How are things with you?"
"Not bad.  Marcel's in New York this week for a meeting at the Met.  Something about a possible show there next year.  It's terribly hush, hush at the moment, though."
"Then I won't ask you about it… unless… of course…"
Patrick broke into laughter.  "Nothing to do with jewels, I promise."
"Listen, I need some information."
"Yeah?  Like what?"
"Is there a street, a rue or something in Paris called St. Ferdinand?"
"Sure," Patrick responded instantly.  "I have a friend who lives just near there.  Rue, St. Ferdinand.  It's about two blocks from Étoile… you know, the Arc de Triomphe.   It's in the 17th."
The 17th arrondissement.  I knew that was the old aristocratic section of Paris.  Grand old apartments and old families with titles.  That sort of thing.  I had been to a couple of soirées there when I lived in Paris.  Terribly upper class.  Boring really.  But already things were sounding promising.  
 "Why?  What about it?"
"Can you look up a name for me on your minitel?"  That was the computerized telephone directory system, quite efficient I might add, the French used instead of printed telephone books when I went to school there."
"You've been away too long.  We don't use the minitel anymore.  That's now all on the internet.  But sure, who?"  I could hear him moving towards his desk and to his computer.
"I need to know if there are any Duranteaus living on St. Ferdinand…."
"Are you kidding me?  That's a name as common here as Smith is to you.  There's probably hundreds.  Well, not hundreds but a lot."
"Don't suppose you have a reverse directory then?"
"Not on this site but I have access to one on another."
"Great.  Can you look up number 73, rue St. Ferdinand and tell me if there are any Duranteaus living in that building?"
"Give me a minute."  I then heard his fingers tapping away on his computer keyboard.  After a few seconds, he reported back, "Jacques David Duranteau, avocat.  Yes."
"You're kidding!  Anyone else?"
"You mean any other Duranteaus living in the building?"
"No.  Living in the apartment with him."
"Madame it says.  Monsieur et Madame… Must be his wife.  Could be his mother, I suppose, but more likely it's his wife.  I'm sure of it."
I thought a moment.  "Any titles?"
"I told you, Duranteau's an avocat, a lawyer."
"No, I mean as in nobility.  Like a marquis?"
"They don't list that.  Sorry."
"What's the telephone number?"
"No number."
"What do you mean no number?"
"It's unlisted," Patrick explained.
 "Strange, a lawyer not listing his number."
"Well, maybe he has an office somewhere.  It's not uncommon to see unlisted numbers in the 17th, you know?  Those people are pretty insular."
"Yes, I agree.  Okay, thanks.  How's Marie-Claire?"
"She's fine.  We were just talking about you the other day."
"Saying good things, I hope," I said laughing out loud again.
"When are you coming to Paris?  That's what she was asking me."
"No plans at the moment.  Oh, by the way, Jason said to tell you hello."
"Same here."
"Keep in touch and let me know about the show at the Met.  I mean, if it happens, you've always got a place to stay, you know that?"
"Thanks."  Patrick then hung up and I did the same.
This was all very interesting information, I thought.  The letter, the revelation of an actual jewel, family still living in Paris or most likely.  At least, the same name and at the same address noted on the back of the translation.  And the same profession, too.  More than just mere coincidences, I was hoping.  I wondered what Gaudreaux would think about all this.


Chapter Fifteen
"Sorry to insist on seeing you on such short notice," I said to Gaudreaux as we were just sitting down in the big room of his Garden District mansion the following morning.
"It's quite all right."  He was always extremely polite.  "What is all this about?"
"Plenty," I told him.  "I think I'm finally getting somewhere."
"That's good."  He almost seemed to anticipate it.  "What have you found out?"
"Well," I haven't gotten to John Paul yet… the priest I'm looking for."
"No…"
"But I'm working on that.  I think I can talk to someone next Friday night who might be able to help get me to him."
"Excellent.  Anything else?"
I knew he was fishing about Robaire.  "I took a look at the file at the Cabildo."
"Wonderful!" Gaudreaux said more enthusiastically.  "Robaire took good care of you then?"
"Oh, yes.  He's a super nice guy… man."
"I agree.  What did you find in the file?"
"A letter."
"A letter," Gaudreaux repeated.  "Tell me about it."
"Well," I said getting a tad bit excited over it myself.  I knew that because my throat always tightened up whenever I got excited about anything.  It used to embarrass me when I was younger, particularly with the opposite sex.  I always felt so stupid.  "A letter in French written by a Marquis de Duranteau, an attorney during the time of Napoleon, about a jewel."
"A jewel," Gaudreaux repeated again.  "What did the letter say exactly?"
Something told me this was a good time to put Gaudreaux on the spot regarding my suspicions about him.  "Haven't you seen the letter yourself?"
Gaudreaux sat back in his chair and crossed his legs.  He didn't want to appear on the defensive, I surmised.  "Possibly," he said shrugging it off.  "I've seen so much there… at the Cabildo, you know?"
"Having to do with jewels?"
"Well, maybe not," he answered as though he was not hiding anything.  "This letter… go on."
"The letter was dated 1818 and was written to the Baroness Pontalba when the marquis was on his deathbed in Paris."  I then went over the main body of the text but soon noticed Gaudreaux growing weary with my lengthy description.  "Am I being too detailed?  I mean, if you've already read the letter…"
"I didn't say I had read the letter, Mr. Bennington!  Go on.  I want to hear everything."
I hurriedly summed up the rest of it.  Then I waited for his reaction but really didn't see much of one at all.  That made me even more suspicious.  I was now thoroughly convinced he had read the letter and just wasn't owning up to it.  "Don't you find that interesting?  I mean, this marquis was writing to the baroness to tell her he was entrusting this jewel to her to bring back here to New Orleans."
"Which," Gaudreaux said uncrossing his legs and sitting forward in his chair, "is obviously what happened."
"Yes.  That's how it got to New Orleans.  How it got into the Cabildo's collection, I'm not sure."
"The baroness had extremely close ties with the city.  She was not one to give things away.  She was too shrewd for that.  But after her death, her estate may have deeded the jewel to the city.  There is no record of such that I know about.  Du Pont would have turned it up if there was, I'm convinced of that.  He researched everything."
"So all this is good news," I said forcing a smile.  Then I remembered, "Oh, I almost forgot the most important thing!"
"And what is that?"
"Written on the back of the letter, well, the translation of the letter, was the code."
"The code… yes," Gaudreaux said staring down at the floor.  "I thought as much."
"So the letter must have been referring to the item erased from the ledger," I said sitting forward in my own chair… "the missing item… and now we can be pretty sure it was that very jewel, don't you agree?"
"Yes.  I think we can definitely assume that."
"There was something else written on the back of the letter.  An address.  An address in Paris and that there were relatives of the marquis, current relatives, living there.  Of course, that was back during Du Pont's time but I checked with a friend in Paris and a lawyer by the same name is still living at that address… along with his wife.  I think they might know something about this.  It's possible."
"I think it might be possible, yes."
"The trouble is my friend also told me they have an unlisted number.  So there is no way I can call.  I suppose I could write them a letter, but..."
"Too much trouble," Gaudreaux said cutting me off.  "That would take too long and the French, they never get back to you about anything."  Then he stood up and walked over to his desk.  He picked up an envelope, turned and walked back handing the envelope to me.  "Here, this is for you."  I took the envelope but before I could open it, Gaudreaux explained, "It's a plane ticket to Paris… leaving tomorrow morning."
I was taken aback and he could see my reaction instantly.  "But…"
"When you telephoned me earlier this morning and told me you had something extremely important to tell me and that it also had something to do with someone living in Paris," I figured, well… I believed you were on to something important by the excitement in your voice.  I decided to take a chance and purchase a ticket for you ahead of time.  It has a return date in three days."
"I see," I said still trying to believe his words.  Now, I was sure he knew about the letter.  He wouldn't have just purchased an airline ticket that easily without knowing about the information first.  I was sure of that.  But what did I care.  Hell, it was a trip to Paris and I was excited about that.
Gaudreaux headed for the hallway and I realized our little meeting was over.  I stood up and followed. "Find out what you can there and we'll see you back on Thursday.  That will give you plenty to do before Friday when you can follow up on your lead to John Paul."
"Yes," I said shaking hands with him.  Miss Priscilla was not in the hallway this time so I waited for Gaudreaux to open the front door himself.  I then left without looking back and simply heard the door close quietly behind me.


Chapter Sixteen
I wanted to get to the public library as soon as possible to research the Cabildo murder so I hailed a taxi down on St. Charles.  Once I arrived, I hurried up the stairs to the same research computers I had used before.
I immediately pulled up the newspaper's archives and typed in the article I was searching for.  The article came up instantly:

Murder in the Cabildo!
Museum Director found Dead!
New Orleans, February 23:  The Cabildo Museum's security staff discovered a gruesome murder that occurred sometime during the night in that State-owned historical building when staff arrived at 6 a.m. to open up.  The body of Museum Director Etienne Barbeau was found lying on his back in a massive pool of blood on the museum's grand staircase.  
Detective Martin Campanelli of the New Orleans Police Department's VIP Investigative Unit gave few details and only a brief statement to press describing the scene as both brutal and unconscionable.  
Others of the department speaking on anonymity painted a more graphic picture of the scene.  Barbeau, who had come to the Cabildo's directorship seven years before from a similar position at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and before that as curator of medieval artifacts at the prestigious Musée Cluny in Paris, had been stabbed three times in the back.  The murder weapon was believed to have been a ten-inch carving knife although no weapon was discovered at the scene.   
Barbeau, it was further described, had apparently been attacked from behind at the top of the stairs collapsing instantly and tumbling some twenty to thirty steps down the carpeted staircase rolling onto his back on the midway landing.  It is believed he died within minutes from massive lung perforations.  One opinion suggested Barbeau may have died of drowning in his own blood, something an autopsy will eventually determine. 
Earlier that evening, an invitation-only 200-person black-tie affair was held upstairs on the Grand Verandah, a fundraiser hosted by the board of the museum's prestigious independent support group Friends of the Cabildo.  The event was attended by a who's who list of Louisiana dignitaries including the mayor, various members of the city council, the State's lieutenant governor and both Louisiana senators.  It is believed that all guests who were present at the event, as well as museum staff and security, had left the premises long before the murder occurred and only Barbeau and his attacker were in the building at the time the crime occurred.
Barbeau was considered well-liked by both staff and security and had no known enemies.  His work was highly praised by various state officials including the executive director of the Louisiana State Museum.  He had no apparent family living in the United States but, per a NOPD spokesperson, distant relatives living in Bourges, France have been notified. 
The Times-Picayune
I sat back in my chair pondering this.  Unbelievable!  How could Gaudreaux have kept all this from me unless, of course, he wanted to for some unknown reason.  Equally strange was the bit about this Stumps which Robaire had told me about, the registrar before him.  There since Du Pont.  He surely would have known Du Pont erased the item, the jewel, from the museum's ledger.  He must have known about the code, too.  He had to have known.  He was the damn registrar, for God's sake, as well as Du Pont's personal assistant!  And all those years he said nothing to anyone about it.  And why did he leave so suddenly, as Robaire had made a point of saying.  One retires in his eighties, for sure.  Well, long before that.  But Robaire had made a point of saying Stumps left suddenly, left the country.  I wonder if he knew who was responsible for the murder and just wanted to get the hell out of there.  It was all so perplexing.
The following morning, I packed my shoulder bag and descended to the lobby where my friend was once again on duty.
"I've had a change in plans.  I have to go away for a few days.  But I'll be back on Thursday.  Just keep my reservation open for then."
"No problem!" she assured me.  "I hope there isn't anything wrong?"
"No, no.  It has to do with business.  But I'll be back on Thursday."  I then gave her my card and she settled my bill.


Chapter Seventeen
Gaudreaux had purchased a ticket through Atlanta with a direct to Paris from there.  That was okay.  I would have more time now to get back to Civilization hopefully.  Fortunately, Gaudreaux had also been kind enough to put me in business and things were not so cramped.  
I was looking forward to being in Paris again.  I had done foreign undergraduate studies there at École des Beaux Arts and I often reminisced about life there as a student.  There were a lot of fond memories.  That's where I first met Patrick.  We were in the same class.  He went on to pursue a career in museums eventually ending up working at the Louvre for a senior curator of eighteenth century European painting and was quite comfortable now in his position there.  I, on the other hand, had returned to the States and to Columbia to complete my degree in fine arts and later my masters at Harvard in 19th century art history, and in particular, 19th century jewels.  We had gone in different directions but we had stayed in close contact.  I considered him one of my very best friends.  And I really liked Marie-Claire his girlfriend of the past few years.
Gaudreaux had not made a hotel reservation for me in Paris so I checked into a small hotel I was fond of just off Avenue de l'Opéra called l'Hôtel des États-Unis just down from the Paris Opera or Opéra Garnier, the magnificent opera house built during Napoleon III.  It was early evening when I arrived to my hotel and I decided to get to bed right away so I would feel refreshed the following morning.
"Guess where I am?" I asked Jason on my cell just before falling asleep.
"In bed with a gorgeous Adonis." he said in his usual flamboyant style.
"No," I said abruptly.  "Guess what city I'm in?"
There was silence on the end of the line.  I decided to go ahead and answer my own question.  "I'm in Paris."
Jason screamed.  "You're kidding!  How did you manage that?"
"It's all part of the research I'm doing."
"I should be so lucky.  Looks like you took my suggestion and called Patrick after all."
"You're right, I did.  I spoke with him yesterday and he said to tell you hello."
"Oh, My God!" Jason exclaimed with a gasp.  "You didn't tell him what I said about his ass, did you?"
"Of course not.  I'm not that gross."
"How long are you going to be there?"
"Just 'til Thursday.  I'll be back in the States by then."
"To New York?"
"No!"  I have to return to New Orleans.  I've still got work to do there."
"Oh…" he uttered.   I could discern a slight deflation in his enthusiasm.  "Nicky misses you."
"Not you?"
"Oh, Mr. So-sure-of-yourself," Jason responded.
"Just wanted to call to let you know where I was in case you needed to reach me."
There was a brief pause then Jason blurted out, "Hello, Einstein?  You're cell phone is the same wherever you go."
"So."
"I'd find you if you were in Katmandu."
I laughed out loud.  "Well, I'm not going to Katmandu, I can promise you that."
"Wouldn't surprise me a bit."
I suppressed a yawn coming on.  "Sleep well.  I'm going to bed now myself."  My eyes were already closing on me.
"Michael!" Jason interjected sarcastically.  "It's a five hour difference here.  I'm not going to bed.  It's four o'clock in the afternoon, for God's sake!"
"Oh, right."  I couldn't hold back the yawn any longer.  "Talk to you, later."  I flipped my phone shut and drifted off to sleep.


Chapter Eighteen
The following morning, I had taken a taxi to rue St. Ferdinand and was now standing on the curb staring up at the ornate mid-19th century apartment building at number seventy-three.  It was a beautiful old building, typical of Paris from the Second Empire period, and due to its favored position on the west side of the street, its cream-colored stone walls were now basking in the warm, early morning sunshine.
In former days, I would have had no problem contacting owners of any apartment in the building through the concierge who lived on the rez-de-chaussée or ground floor, sort of a 24-hour watchman guarding the entrance to the building with his or her life.  But with the exception of a few nouveau-posh buildings today, most concierges have unfortunately disappeared from the Paris scene and have been replaced now with the familiar impersonal buzzer.  I didn't think I could just buzz up and explain myself from the street in this particular case.  I needed a more formal introduction but couldn't come up with anything in my mind at the moment.
Suddenly, the small inlet door within the huge former carriage door to the building opened and a pudgy little woman stepped out holding a shopping bag in her hand.  I jumped at the chance without even thinking and blurted out, "Madame Duranteau?"  The woman looked at me with a stunned expression then broke into a guffaw that was positively embarrassing.
"Je suis la bonne!" she cried trying to control her laughter.  "La bonne!  La bonne!  The maid!  Comprenez-vous?"
"Ah, oui, oui!" I answered nodding affirmatively.  "Madame Duranteau… est-elle à la appartement… à la maison?"  My French was labored.  I had mastered conversation pretty well while studying there but it was something that always seemed out of reach to me later on, especially on the spur of the moment.  I was trying to find out if Madame Duranteau was even at home."
The maid hesitated scrutinizing me from head to toe as any devoted domestic might have done.  "Que voullez vous?"
She was asking what I wanted and I was just about to try and explain when I remembered I had one of my business cards in my wallet.  I reached for it and handed it to her.  "Pour Madame.  Important!  Très important!  Okay?  S'il vous plaît?"
Again, she looked me over and I suppose she was at least satisfied.  "Attendez-vous, attendez-vous!" at which time she disappeared back into the doorway closing it firmly behind her.
My card gave my name and position as assistant professor of 19th century art history at Columbia University.  Hopefully, Madame Duranteau would at least want to know why I was asking to see her.  I was getting nervous, though.  Already I was searching my brain for an alternative plan if this one didn't work.  I walked back to the curb and looked up and down the street.  Then I turned and looked up at the windows of the apartments above.  I noticed a figure on the second floor peering down at the street from behind heavy drapes but was not sure if that was Madame Duranteau or not.  I sighed.
A few minutes later, the small inlet door opened again and the maid poked her head out.  "Venez!  Venez!"  I raced over and she stepped back allowing me to step inside.  "Madame est au premier étage!" she told me.  "Premier étage!"
"Oh, merci!" I responded quite appreciative and thoroughly relieved.  I hurried through the carriage way and into the main door of the foyer.  Right away, I saw a small cage elevator typical of the older buildings in Paris and just behind that a wide, circular staircase leading upwards.  Premier étage was the second floor in Paris so only one flight up.  Easier to walk, I thought, and I immediately started skipping up every other step in haste.
When I reached the second floor landing, Madame Duranteau was already waiting for me in her opened doorway of the only apartment on that floor.  I approached and presented my most charming smile.  "Madame Duranteau?"
"Yes," she responded then warmly shook my hand.  "Won't you please come in?"
I entered and she closed the door behind me.  "You speak English," I said rather relieved.
"Of course.  My father was an executive with CGT.  You know, Compagnie Générale Transatlantique… the French ocean liners?  When I was growing up, we traveled back and forth to America many, many times.  We practically lived onboard the ships, I'd say."
Madame Duranteau was now a woman in her mid-sixties by best guess, quite distinguished and still attractive, in my opinion.  I suddenly had the image of her as a little girl terrorizing the first class decks of French luxury liners, climbing up into the laps of all the gentlemen travelers thoroughly asserting her ownership of the place just as Little Madeline had done at the Plaza in New York.
She ushered me through large French doors facing and into what the French refer to as le grand salon.  It was an elegantly-paneled receiving room with gilt trim, intricate parquet flooring and furnishings in the French Louis XVI- style.  "Please, won't you sit down?"
I was amazed at how warm and friendly she was only just having met me literally coming up from the street.  But there was something to be said for breeding.  It's always there, no matter what.  "Thank you."  We then sat down opposite.
"I noticed from your card you are an assistant professor at Columbia University.  Then she smiled.  "My son studied there, you know?"
"Really?"  I was quite surprised.  "Not art history?" 
"No, no.  Socio-economics.  And what is it I can help you with?"
"Well," I said sitting forward in my chair and focusing my thoughts precisely.  "I have a copy of an old letter."  I then reached into my jacket pocket and pulled out a photocopy of the marquis' letter Robaire had made for me on the Cabildo's copy machine.  I handed it to her and continued, "It's a letter written by the Marquis de Duranteau back in 1818.  I believe he was a relative of yours.  On your husband's side, of course."
Madame Duranteau took the letter and scanned it briefly.  Then she looked up.  "I've seen this before."
"You have?  Where?"
"When my husband and I were first married, his grandemama was the Marquise de Duranteau then.  And, she lived here in this apartment.  This was back in the early 60's, you see?  But, it didn't look like this back then.  Oh, it was in a horrible condition.  She had married the marquis–that was my husband's grandfather–when she was just nineteen years old, you see?  And he had a terrible drinking problem, and even worse, he was a compulsive gambler."  
I was already listening attentively by now.
"He eventually lost their entire fortune at the casinos then died of consumption leaving her completely destitute.  Can you imagine that?  She had to raise my husband's father all by herself in this big old apartment with literally nothing to live on.  It was a terrible situation for her."
"Yes, I can imagine."
  "So after my marriage, I would come here for visits with her at least once a month.  My husband didn't like coming.  He never got along with her for some reason although he did send her money whenever he could.  But she and I got along splendidly.  We shared a deep love of history?"
"Ah, yes."  I sat back in my chair enthralled with everything Madame was recounting to me.
"She would read for hours at a time right in there in the petite salon curled up on her chaise-longue before the fire.  And she knew everything there was to know about history.  It was amazing how much she knew."
"So she lived here alone then?"
"Well, not totally.  Her sister lived at the other end of the hall, a pitiful woman, totally deaf and dumb with the mind of a three-year-old child.  She should have been put in a home where she could have been taken care of properly but Madame wouldn't have it.  Madame insisted taking on that burden herself."  Then Madame Duranteau pressed her hand to her bosom and laughed.  "I don't know why I'm telling you all this?"
I smiled warmly.  "It's fascinating, really!  So your husband is now the current marquis?"
"Yes, that's right.  My husband's father passed away several years ago."
"And, you are…"
Madame Duranteau broke into another laugh.  "The marquise.  But of the petite noblesse, you understand."
"I'm sorry?"
"The petite noblesse.  We have the grande noblesse… those who derive their titles from the Bourbons and the petite noblesse who acquired theirs from Napoléon."
"I see…  So the Marquis de Duranteau who wrote the letter, your husband's great-great-grandfather…."
"Two more," she interjected.
"I'm sorry?"
"Many more greats than that."
"So far back?"
"Well, yes.  We're talking about the early 1800s. "
"So he was a marquis from Napoleon," I said piecing it together correctly in my mind.
"That's right.  He was made a marquis by the Empress Josephine herself."
"Oh, is that right?"  That made sense.  He was the empress' personal attorney.  She would have, or could have easily arranged that for him, I surmised.  "Do you know anything about the jewel the letter refers to?"
"You mean the pearl," Madame said quite specifically.
"The pearl!" I repeated in astonishment.  "It refers to a pearl?"
"Yes… the pearl of tears."
I sat forward in my chair again with interest.  Not a stone.  A pearl.  The jewel was a pearl I now learned.  I wondered if Gaudreaux had any idea about that.  Probably not.  "You referred to it as the pearl of tears?"
"Yes.  It was what the empress called it herself.  But it had a much older name.  You see, when Napoleon was Commander of the French Army, before becoming emperor, of course, he had been sent on the Egyptian campaign against the British.  The Island of Malta was an important strategic stronghold in the Mediterranean and controlling it would have boosted France's naval capacity in the region."
Again, I sank back into my chair.  Just the sound of Madame's voice was so pleasing I think I could have listened to her for hours on end.  
"When the French fleet arrived off Malta, Napoleon's plan was to find an excuse to wrest the island from the control of the Order of St. John.  You know, the Knights Templar?  The Grand Master of the Order feared a French takeover and in an effort to negotiate some sort of settlement, he offered Napoleon a rare pearl the Knights Templar had acquired centuries before during their occupation of the Holy Lands, a rather large gem that had once been owned by a great sultan.  It had since become known as the Pearl of Malta.  
The Pearl of Malta I repeated to myself, and the pearl of tears to the empress.  Fascinating.
"Napoleon graciously accepted the gift from the Grand Master, of course, and promptly followed with a siege of the island anyway.  And when he returned to France, it is said he considered this pearl his most cherished personal possession, his good-luck charm, so to speak, and he later bestowed it upon his beloved Josephine as a token of his undying love for her."
I couldn't believe my ears.  After so long of not even knowing what I was searching for, not even knowing if what I was trying to find was even a jewel, and certainly having no idea whatsoever the jewel was a pearl and a pearl owned by the Emperor Napoleon himself, here I was learning everything.  Every minute detail.  What incredible fortune, I told myself.  Fortune that I had even been able to gain an audience with this gracious lady and even more that she had so befriended her grandemama-in-law who it just so happened was an avid history buff and knew the entire story of the pearl in detail.  Incredible!
"Then when Napoleon was crowned emperor, the empress wore to the coronation a gorgeous tiara.  It had four rows of pearls interlaced with clusters of diamonds and the empress had the imperial jeweler, a Monsieur Margueritte, set the Pearl of Malta at the very pinnacle of it.  It dominated the entire diadem, of course.  You can see it in Jacques-Louis David's painting of the coronation today in the Louvre."
I knew the painting well.  I had studied it in detail for lectures and recalled immediately the tiara the empress was wearing in the painting.
"Then when Napoleon divorced Josephine to marry Marie-Louise of Austria because the empress had not been able to produce an imperial heir, the empress was devastated.  She began to refer to the pearl after that as her pearl of tears.  It was the one possession that connected her intimately with the emperor, her one great love that she, of course, never recovered from.  She would say that it helped heal her broken heart.  And well, you know from the letter what became of the pearl after that."
"Yes."  I sat silent in my chair for a moment hardly able to speak further.  So much information.  So much history.  I now knew precisely what it was Gaudreaux had asked me to find and even the detailed history of it.  Now, all I needed to find out was where the pearl had disappeared to.  That would have to be solved back in New Orleans, of course.  "Well," I said sitting forward in my chair and regaining my faculties, "how can I ever thank you?"  Madame then stood up offering her hand to me again.  I followed and we shook hands once more.  "I just can't thank you enough."
"Oh, don't mention it.  As I said, I love history and I love talking about it.  I just hope I didn't bore you too much."
Was she kidding?  Everything I needed to know, everything I was dying to know she gave me and so graciously.  After that, she accompanied me to the door of the apartment and opened it for me.  "Will you be returning to the States soon?"
"Yes.  Tomorrow morning.  I came for research and I believe you have given me everything I needed."
"I'm so happy about that," she said as I passed through the door.
I headed for the staircase but turned back when I heard her say, "You know, you're the second American of late who has asked me about that letter."
I stood there for a moment a bit stunned.  "Oh?  Who was that?"
"An absolutely delightful little man.  He had one of those old French names you only hear today in Québec or Louisianne."
"Was it Gaudreaux?" I asked not believing this could be true.
"That was it!  I told him very much the same story I told you."
Now, I really was dumbfounded.  Gaudreaux here.  Gaudreaux here learning everything he had sent me here to find out that he apparently already knew.  I glanced again at Madame Duranteau just as she was closing her door.  I was left then in the silence of the stairwell feeling as though I had just been punched in the gut.  I had been made such a fool of by Gaudreaux I now realized.  I had suspected all along he was holding things back, that he knew more than he was letting on.  And now, I knew for sure.  He had deceived me.  But why?  Why had he made me go through so much trying to solve his little mystery when he knew everything already?  Well, not everything.  He didn't know where the pearl was, I was sure of that.  And he couldn't know that until I or someone else deciphered the code for him.  I was going to find that pearl I promised myself right then and there.  I owed it to the baroness.  I owed it to the empress.  And I owed it to posterity.  As for Gaudreaux, well, I was still technically in his employ.  But I would find that pearl for myself.


Chapter Nineteen
"Hey, Patrick!" I blurted out enthusiastically into my cell.  I was walking back up towards the Arc de Triomphe after my meeting with the marquise and decided it was the right time to put in a call to him.
"You again!" he said breaking into laughter.  "Where are you, still in New Orleans?"
"No!  I'm in Paris."
"Paris!  Are you kidding me?"
"No.  I flew in last night."
"First I ask you if you're in Paris and you tell me no, you're in New Orleans.  Now, I ask if you're still in New Orleans and you tell me no you're in Paris!  What is going on with you, man?"  He was still laughing out loud.
"It's a long story and I'll tell you all about it.  What are you doing for lunch?"
"Nothing.  You want to meet?"
"Sure.  I can take the metro from Étoile and be there in half an hour."
"That's perfect.  I'll meet you just outside the entrance… you know, the pyramid."
He was referring to the controversial ultra-modern glass pyramid commissioned by then President Mitterrand.  It was designed by the world-renowned architect I.M. Pei and is now the official entrance into the museum, an addition that the French either love or hate.  I, myself, always found it incredibly dazzling.  To me it looks like a gigantic cut diamond sparkling brilliantly in the sunlight.  A bit out of place, I suppose, but then what is the Eiffel Tower?
"Of course.  See you there."
I love the Paris metro.  It is so clean and quiet the way it runs so smoothly on rubber tires.  It is the same system in Montreal and in Mexico City, too, but it was there in Paris first.  And I could take the express direct to the Louvre with no stops.  I was excited about seeing Patrick and I wanted to take another look at that coronation painting.  I wanted to see if I could get an idea of what the pearl, the pearl of tears as the marquise had told me the empress referred to it as, looked like exactly.
"And so you flew to Paris because of this letter and because you felt this marquise could tell you something about it," Patrick concluded while we were having croissant sandwiches at a small outdoor café in the Tuileries,  the gardens adjacent to the Louvre.
"Right.  But I never expected to get the whole story.  I mean, the whole damn story, Patrick!  She knew everything!"
"C'est super!" Patrick exclaimed.  "And you want to see the Jacques-Louis David painting of the Coronation of Napoleon I."
"Right."
"Okay," Patrick said taking a last sip of his bottled water.  "Let's go have a look at it."
The painting was in one of the Louvre's grand galleries the Salle Daru.  It had to be.  It was one of the largest paintings I'd ever seen.  Maybe the largest.  It was a good twenty by thirty feet in size and just about everyone who was present at the great event was featured in it.  Oh, and some who were not even there like mama Bonaparte.  Apparently, she had been angry with her son at the time and had refused to leave Rome to attend.  David featured her in the painting anyway in spite of that sitting in a loge just above the ceremony as if she had seen everything firsthand.
"There she is," Patrick said referring to the Empress Josephine who, in the painting, is kneeling on a velvet cushion and about to be crowned Empress of the French by Napoleon himself.  And just as I had recalled, she was wearing the diamond and pearl tiara, the diadem the marquise had described in detail to me.
"Wonder what became of it… the tiara, I mean?"  I figured after the pearl was removed from it, the tiara must have been refitted with a less-opulent replacement.  I turned to Patrick.  "What do you think happened to it?"
"We don't have it.  We have very little, you know?  Most of the French crown jewels were sold at auction during the Second Republic.  There was fear of a return to the royalty or even worse the empire.  The only tiara we have is the one worn by the Empress Eugenie during Napoleon III.  I don't know how that managed to escape the selloff but it did.  You want to see that?"
"Oh, I've seen it."  I had to study that, too, for one of my articles.  "But I wouldn't mind taking another look at it."
"Let's go then," Patrick said pulling on my arm.  "The crown jewels are in the Galerie d'Apollon."
Minutes later, we were standing before Eugenie's tiara which was in a rather small glass case considering along with only a few other State jewels.  Napoleon's coronation crown was one of them which had particular historical significance, of course, and had therefore survived the selloff, as well.
"It's different," I said, referring to Eugenie's tiara.  "No pearls of any great size.  I only wish I could get a better idea of the one Josephine wore… I mean, to see more precisely what this one pearl I'm searching for looked like.  I couldn't tell in the coronation painting really."
Patrick thought a moment then blurted out, "I know of a painting where you can see it perfectly!" 
"You're kidding!  Really?  Let's go take a look at it."
"It's not in the Louvre," Patrick said twisting his mouth to one side disappointedly.  "It's at Fontainebleau."
"Fontainebleau!"  I don't know what surprised me about that.  I knew the imperial thrown room was there and it would make sense the imperial portraits would be there, too.
"You want to take a drive there now?" Patrick asked.
"Now?"
"Yeah, why not?  It's only about fifty kilometers."
"Don't you have work to do?"
"I told you, Marcel's in New York this week.  I'm bored out of my mind.  Come on, we can talk on the way.  I'll tell you what's going on with Marie-Claire."
We sped down the autoroute in Patrick's late-model Renault.  The traffic along the way was light being mid-afternoon.  It felt so good to be back in France.  I love that country.  And summer was a glorious time to be there.  Everything was so green.
Patrick glanced over.  "So what's new?"
"I've told you about my research."
"I know.  What's new in your personal life?  Any new romances?"
"Not really.  I've been busy with work.  I've got this assignment in New Orleans and I'm working on a couple of articles."
"You always say that," Patrick said with a chuckle.  "Did I tell you Marie-Claire and I are about to tie the knot?"
"What?" I exclaimed with utter disbelief.  "You're kidding me!"
"No, I'm not."
I was shocked.  "You!  The Don Juan of École des Beaux Arts who always had three girlfriends at the same time!  I can't believe what I'm hearing!"
"It's true."  Then, he looked over at me more seriously this time.  "I'm not getting any younger, you know?"
"I know that.  But, it still throws me."
"Well, it's practically like we're married already anyway?  And it's more for Marie-Claire, you know?  Females, they have a time clock unlike us.  They only have so much time to have their little babies."  
"So Patrick is going to be a papa, too!" I joked.
"Not so fast," he said laughing again.  "I'm taking it one step at a time."
"I just never thought you'd ever be able to commit to that."
"That's never been my problem.  But, it has been for you."
"Me!" I exclaimed a bit caught off guard.
"Yes," Patrick said looking over at me again.  "You know, Marie-Claire and Marla used to talk a lot and things got back to me.  You have a problem with commitment."
"And you don't?"
"No," he said emphatically.  "I just never wanted to.  But it was never a problem for me."
"I see."  I slunk down into my seat feeling put on the spot.
"You never committed to Jason, either."
"Jason!"
"Yes.  It was always on again, off again and how many years have you known the guy?"
"That's different.  He's… well, he a guy."
"Commitment is the same no matter who it's with," Patrick said playing the role of therapist at the moment.  "You either do it or you don't."
"Well," I said staring out the side window watching the passing countryside.  "I'm just not ready for that yet."
"Never say never."  Patrick then smiled at me reassuringly.
"Maybe… maybe one day."
"Okay.  But, you're not getting any younger either, you know?"
And he was right.  He knew me very well.  He always knew me very well.  He was the closest thing to a brother I had ever had and he was probably the only guy who I would ever let nail me on something like that.  Oh, Jason said whatever he wanted when he wanted but he was always careful not to get too personal.  Patrick was always up front about everything.


Chapter Twenty
"We'd like to see the imperial portrait of the Empress Josephine," Patrick told the desk clerk in the visitors' lobby of the Fontainebleau Chateau when we walked in.
"That part of the chateau is not open this afternoon," said the clerk, a rather icy woman in dark blue uniform with bleached blonde hair pulled back so tight I was sure she must have gotten headaches from it.
Patrick glanced at me then reached into his pocket and pulled out his business card.  He handed it to the clerk.  "Is Madame La Marque around this afternoon?"
The clerk glanced at the card and must have seen right away Patrick was from the Louvre.  She picked up the phone and punched in a number.  "I'll see."
Patrick then whispered to me, "I think that part of the chateau is on special tours.  But don't worry, I'm sure we can get in anyway.  Just wait."
Soon, we heard heels clicking on the stone floor and when we turned around, an absolutely gorgeous fortyish woman was walking towards us.  She reminded me of Catherine Deneuve, that stunning French actress of 60s films like Belle du Jour.  I was instantly in love.  This was undoubtedly Madame La Marque.
"Patrick!" Madame La Marque said approaching then she and Patrick shook hands.
"This is my friend Michael," Patrick said introducing me.  "He's American."
"That's nice.  What can I do for you?"
"We want to see the portrait of the Empress Josephine, the official one."
"Yes," Madame La Marque said turning and bidding us to come with her.  "That's in the small apartments."  Soon, the three of us were walking down a hallway that led away from the reception area.   "You know, I'm very angry at Marcel," she told Patrick.
"Oh, why?"
"I've left three different messages for him and he still hasn't called me back once."
"He's in New York this week."
"I've left messages for him going on three weeks already."
"He's been very busy getting ready for the trip.  It's about a possible show at the Metropolitan next year.  He's been crazy getting everything together for the presentation."
"Well, you tell him that just as soon as he gets back, Jacqueline expects a call from him within a day."  There was some pleasantry in her voice but I could tell she was still a bit miffed.  
We then came to an ornate double door in one of the chateau's many corridors and Madame La Marque pushed on the handle opening it for us.  Then she stepped back.
"I have a meeting to go to.  The portrait is in here.  Just pull the door shut when you leave."
"Of course," said Patrick appreciatively.  "And I'll be sure to tell Marcel what you said."
"I'm expecting you to, Patrick."  She then flashed a ravishing smile, turned and walked off.  I watched after her mesmerized as she was disappearing from us.  
Patrick looked back at me.  "Well come on then?"  I was still staring at this stunning woman.  "Forget it, man, she's married."
    "Oh… sure," I said regaining my clarity.  "Sure, let's go."
The portrait was magnificent.  It was lifesize, of course, and painted by Baron François Gérard the noted imperial portrait painter of the period and the empress never looked so beautiful.  Gérard had painted her face more youthful than her forty-four years at the time with rosy cheeks and large, brown captivating eyes.  She was dressed in full coronation splendor sitting on the crimson imperial throne.  And just as Patrick had told me, she was wearing the diamond and pearl diadem that prominently featured the stunning pearl, the Pearl of Malta, the elusive pearl of tears.  The painting displayed the jewel spectacularly.  I felt as though I could actually reach up and touch it even.  It was perhaps the largest pearl I had ever seen depicted.  There was the La Peregrina Pearl owned by actress Elizabeth Taylor.  It was a pearl of 203.84 grains, I believe, which had been pictured in various historical portraits worn by Spanish, French and British royalty and nobility but it still didn't compare with this one.  This pearl must have been worth a king's ransom, or in this case, a sultan's ransom, at the time.  There would be no way to even calculate its value today.  I was overwhelmed.
Patrick nudged me on the shoulder.  "Not bad, huh?"
    "Not bad at all.  This is exactly what I wanted to see."
And so I now knew what the missing item was, the whole history behind it and now I even knew what it looked like exactly.  And to think it had been such a mystery from the day the empress had given it up and missing for all those years from the Cabildo's collection.  Would it ever be found again, ever be located?  I would dedicate my very being, every breath, every ounce of energy within me to locate its whereabouts.  That was my sworn promise to myself.
"Just drop me off in front of the Café de la Paix," I told Patrick as we sped up Boulevard des Capucines back in Paris.  He soon pulled over to the curb before the famous café.  "I want to pick up a copy of the Herald Tribune and catch up on the latest news."
Patrick flashed one of his usual grins. "You've got expensive taste.  You'll pay ten dollars for a cup of coffee there."
"It's just a couple of blocks from my hotel.  And I'm not in Paris very often, you know?  I'm treating myself."
"When are you flying back?"
"Tomorrow morning."
"Oh, that's too bad.  We have to go to Marie-Claire's mother's for dinner tonight.  It's her birthday.  Marie-Claire will be sorry she missed you."
"Next time."  I stepped out still holding the car door open."  I thought I would throw him a curve at the last minute for having put me through that little bro-to-bro chat earlier.  "By the way, Jason said you have a great ass."
"He said that?!" Patrick exclaimed bursting out laughing.  "You're kidding me!"
"No, I'm not.  He told me that on the phone last night.  I swear it."
"Well, I do," said Patrick jokingly.  "And I'm flattered he noticed."
  My mouth dropped open.  I couldn't believe those words were coming from Patrick.  "Now, it's you who are kidding me."
"No, I'm not!  And if you don't start appreciating that guy, maybe his French boyfriend will have to do it for you."
Again, my mouth dropped open.  "I don't believe what I'm hearing!"
"Never say never," Patrick said with another grin.  I then shut the car door and he pressed on the gas.  The car sped off in traffic leaving me standing there flabbergasted.


Chapter Twenty-One
I slept through most of the flight back to the States.  But after changing planes in Atlanta, I took the opportunity to go over in my mind everything that had happened from the beginning starting with my initial meeting with Gaudreaux in Washington.  I wanted to get a clear picture of what had transpired, what I knew then compared with what I knew at present and more important what I believed Gaudreaux may have known all along.
Over and over I noticed a consistent pattern in Gaudreaux of throwing out vague bits of information and a myriad of suggestions that seemed to further the pursuit at the time but in hindsight simply contributed little or nothing to anything of the truth, at least the truth as known by Gaudreaux or what I now pretty much speculated Gaudreaux knew.
My dilemma was how to deal with all of this upon my return to New Orleans.  Did I confront Gaudreaux on everything or did I continue to play the fool not tipping my hat at all in an effort to figure out just what it was Gaudreaux was up to?  I felt that ultimately had to be to find the location of the jewel, the pearl, and really nothing else.  He wanted that above everything.  The desperation I read in his face as far back as our Promenade Café introduction proved that to me beyond a reasonable doubt.  What didn't make sense, at least at that moment, was why he felt it so necessary to hire me in the first place and put me through a scavenger-like hunt to uncover facts he already was fully aware of.  That was the big question and I was never going to find that out if I just confronted him on it.  After all, I wanted that pearl as much as he wanted it for completely different reasons.  I had it now in my blood and I still needed him as much as he needed me to eventually find it.
Paris was wonderful in so many ways.  Just long enough to get away, clear my head and rekindle my love for the City of Lights.  It was so good seeing Patrick, too.  And my encounter with the marquise, the crème de la crème of the jaunt.  Discovering the truth of what I was actually searching for, the historical richness and profound significance of it on a level so much grander than myself.  Well, I felt humbled beyond comprehension.  And now, I, too, like the Marquis de Duranteau, the Baroness Pontalba and Marcus Du Pont had become a guardian of this priceless artifact, to hold sacred the knowledge of it and to protect the very existence of what had been so passionately dear to the empress that she would have entrusted it to us, knowingly or otherwise.
It was Thursday evening when my taxi pulled up on Frenchmen Street before my hotel.  I paid the fare and stepped out into a glorious balmy night.  As the taxi drove away, I looked back up Frenchmen and heard the jazz coming out of the local clubs there.  It was time for a break, I thought.  I would just enjoy the evening before getting back to the mystery the following morning.
After cleaning up in my hotel room, I headed for the Spotted Cat.  That was an old club that featured a series of bands both regular and impromptu playing a range of jazz styles nightly from traditional to eclectic.  The old black man in wheel chair outside who had long-sense lost his legs kept constant guard over the door and looked me up and down as I entered but gave no resistance.  He was simply doing his thing, checking patrons out.
The club was sparse for the moment.  A band was just packing up and making way for the next due up in less than five minutes.  Some of the chairs around were vacant now as earlier club-goers had just filtered out, but some enthusiasts were hanging on for the next set, too.  I ordered a drink at the bar, a salty dog, and made my way back to one of the empty chairs.  This is real New Orleans, I thought.  Young, on the cutting edge of new jazz and always experimental.  It was what made the New Orleans music scene unique, I gathered.  By the time the groups got to the Village in New York, they had already done their time in places like this.  They had already made a name for themselves locally however up-and-coming in the broader scene, but here is where they began.  Here is where they played for tips just for the opportunity to entertain and to evolve.
For the next half hour, I sat listening to some of the best jazz I think I had ever heard.  Well, I don't mean legendary.  What did I know about that?  Just so raw and creative.  I felt for just that brief moment I, too, was part of this happening.  I, too, was part of the real New Orleans jazz scene.  And it felt good.
Later, I crossed the street to a more upscale club called Snug Harbor where minor names were performing.  Their shows were more structured, as I later discovered, and although the musicians backing up the singers were competent and talented in their own right, there was none of the raw creativity I had experienced from the earlier venue.  It was pure entertainment and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it.
Walking back to my hotel later, I thought about how special this city really was.  Three-hundred years of rich, cultural history.  One of the richest cities in America before the Civil War.  I had once read that back then there were thirteen millionaires living in the United States, a phenomenal wealth at the time, and eleven of them were in Louisiana.  Cotton was king.  And if that was so, sugar was his queen.  The city supplied the world with both.  Through the tragedy of plagues like yellow fever, the devastation of torrential hurricanes, the crushing defeat of the Confederacy and the brutal Reconstruction years, New Orleans had always managed to survive.  It had always come back, risen again to offer to the world its rare and special gifts.  The Paris of the Caribbean, the birthplace of the one true American music, its legendary Cajun cuisine and a joie de vivre unsurpassed anywhere else in the country, maybe even the world.  New Orleans was indeed a cherished jewel in itself and here I was, in this cornucopia of treasures trying to solve a mystery that was growing in importance and historical significance every minute.


Chapter Twenty-Two
"So did you have a nice flight back?"  Gaudreaux was greeting me at the door of his Garden District mansion by himself.  As I stepped inside, I was already carefully searching for my words not wanting to give away any suspicion about what I now knew that might lead him to believe I was on to him.
"Oh, definitely.  I had a good, long sleep on the plane and I haven't felt a touch of jet lag whatsoever."
"Wonderful."  He then closed the door behind me.  "I'm anxious to hear all about your trip."
And he did.  I told him everything the marquise had told me about the jewel.  There was no reason to hold anything back since I knew he knew everything anyway.  I wanted him to think I was telling him things I thought he didn't know and things I knew he obviously wanted me to have discovered on my own.  I never mentioned my visit to the Louvre, though, to see the painting of Napoleon's coronation, nor of my trip down to Fontainebleau with Patrick to see the imperial portrait and a more vivid depiction of the pearl set at the pinnacle of the legendary diadem.  I wanted to keep that for myself.  What did he need to know about what it looked like anyway?  He wasn't interested in the pearl for the pearl's sake, I was sure of that.  He was searching for its powers.
"Now that we know everything there is to know about the jewel's history," Gaudreaux said quite authoritatively, "the missing item Du Pont removed from the Cabildo's collection… except, of course, its actual whereabouts… we can now focus our attention specifically on that."
"Yes, you're right."
We were sitting in wicker chairs on a side porch at the moment enjoying the afternoon breeze.  Miss Priscilla had made a delicious pitcher of mimosa, that refreshing mixture of chilled champagne and orange juice so popular in the South during the summer months. We were simply going over our facts recapitulating, if you will, so that we would be on the same page.
"Crucial," said Gaudreaux, " is for you to now get to John Paul.  He is your only entrée to Delfino."  Delfino, Gaudreaux assured me, was the key to the entire puzzle now.  Possibly the only person alive who knew the meaning of the code and would know the whereabouts of the pearl as Gaudreaux had now begun to refer to the jewel after that.  "John Paul would know nothing," he told me.  He was sure of it.  "A mere pawn.  You must get to Delfino, my dear boy, if you are to solve this mystery once and for all.  You must get to Delfino!"
"Yes."  Then I pondered this myself.  It was true.  It was the only way of deciphering the code which would ultimately lead to the location of the pearl, the pearl of tears.  I suppose I could have confronted Gaudreaux at that moment on the murder of the museum director and why he hadn't seen necessary to mention anything about it to me.  I was even more curious to learn more about Stumps and why he had left his position at the Cabildo so suddenly.  But I decided to wait on both of those issues for the moment.  I would confront Gaudreaux on them at a later date.
I left Gaudreaux's mansion and decided to walk all the way back down St. Charles to the French Quarter.  I wasn't going to be able to see Karl again until later that evening at The Phoenix so I was in no rush to do much of anything else.  
St. Charles was a broad thoroughfare with many upscale shops and restaurants as it descended.  It was a totally different environment from the Quarter I was already familiar with.  More like a typical southern city, I thought, with the addition, of course, of the quaint old streetcars that cranked by on the center grass divider.
At the lower end of it, just under the freeway that led to the magnificent duel cantilever bridges that spanned the Mississippi, I encountered Lee Circle with its soaring Greek column at the center supporting an impressive bronze statue of the general in Confederate uniform atop.  From there, I continued on through the business district until I reached Canal at the edge of the French Quarter.  The walk was lengthy but I never tired of my exploration.
Canal was particularly inspiring.  Always the main shopping thoroughfare of New Orleans especially in its heyday where the legendary Roosevelt Hotel dominated the big band scene, grand 30s-era movie palaces like the Saenger and world-class department stores like Maison Blanche thrived.  It was on a slow comeback of arduous renovation but promised to again dazzle the visitor with its Paris-like boulevard grandeur.  The streetcars had never left.  They whisked past on a regular basis taking passengers to destinations far out to the city's environs.  Glitzy Harrah's Casino dominated the lower end of it all, a virtual gateway to the awe-impressive New Orleans Convention Center and the great Port of New Orleans beyond.
I decided to treat myself to a New Orleans specialty, a visit to one of its legendary eateries.  I chose Galatoire's because friends of mine who knew New Orleans had told me about it.  It was on Bourbon in the Quarter just past Canal.  Once seated by the maitre d', I browsed through an extensive menu of both French and traditional New Orleans cuisine in a bistro-like setting reminiscent of famous turn-of-the-century restaurants I knew from New York.  It was family owned for four generations since founder Jean Galatoire arrived from France bringing with him culinary traditions from his homeland in the Pyrénées.  And it was known for its world-class cuisine and sheer perfection in service.
Back at my hotel, I showered and dressed more casually again, à la levi's, of course, and headed out to The Phoenix.  It was still early, as bars go, and this time, I decided to walk.  I had gotten quite used to that and my little map had become the indispensible item of my visit.  I strolled up Esplanade's center divider beneath the same huge old oaks and marveled once again at the variety of mid-19th century Creole-style grandes maisons-de-ville.  At Rampart, I turned and walked through the Marigny, one of the historical districts my hotel clerk friend had pointed out on my map and soon arrived at Elysian Fields.  The Phoenix was just across the street.  I then crossed over and headed into the front door.
Much quieter than my first visit there, I thought.  A lot quieter.  It was just after eight and I instantly saw Karl behind the downstairs bar talking with a few patrons who were seated there.  I wanted to have a more private conversation with him so I walked the length of the bar and sat down at the far end where there were no other patrons to interfere.  Karl came over presently.
"Hi," I said as he walked up.  "Remember me?"
At first he didn't, but then, true to the nature of a good bartender, he soon did.  "Oh, yeah!  The dude from the Big Apple!"
"That's me."
Again, as before, he stuck his hand out to shake mine firmly.  No wonder he was such a popular guy.  He was so personable and gregarious. "Beer… light right?"
"Right!"  And I was impressed with that.  He remembered my drink after only one meeting.  What a memory the guy has, I thought.
In seconds, Karl returned with my beer uncapped and this time had taken the time to carefully wrap a paper napkin around it.  "So you enjoying your stay?"
"I am," I said enthusiastically.  "I really am."
"Great."  Then he glanced back at the other patrons.  No one else was calling for anything at the moment so he lingered.
"Thought I would drop in early tonight.  I wanted to talk to you about something."
"Yeah?  What's that?"
"I'm interested in your group.  I mean, really interested."
He stared at me inquisitively.  "What group?"  I wasn't sure if he was genuinely confused or if he was just hesitant to expose his affiliation with it.  But I thought I would push ahead anyway.
"I've been told you guys are pretty serious and all that," I continued searching for my words, "and, well, I am, too.  I really want to get involved with you."
He hesitated a moment.  I could tell he was pondering this.  Maybe he knew well what I was talking about and was simply scrutinizing me.  I wasn't sure.  He glanced back over his shoulder just as a patron slid his empty beer bottle forward a ways down the bar.
"Hold on.  Let me get this guy a beer."
Karl moved off and I sat there searching my brain for the right way to carry this whole thing forward.  I didn't want to be pushy, to rush things.  But I was anxious to get to John Paul anyway I could and as soon as I could.  It was a dancing act of sorts, I felt.  One I had to think out carefully.  A minute later, Karl returned.
"How long you stayin' in town?"
"Don't know.  Maybe for a while.  I… I came down just for this."
"Cool…"
"To connect with you guys.  A friend told me about you.  I've been planning on coming down here for a long time."
"You Catholic?"
I wasn't sure what to answer at that point.  I wasn't Catholic and I wasn't sure it was important that I be.  But I knew John Paul was and I thought maybe it would help if I said I was.  "Yeah.  Not practicing, though… I mean, not regularly.  I do a lot of stuff on my own.  I have my own interpretation about things."
"Like what?"
"Well, you know… spiritual meditation.  Oh, and ritual."
He glanced back over his shoulder.  I was in luck.  No one was demanding anything from him at the moment.  He turned back again.  "What kind of ritual?"
"Oh… you know… sexual sort of… and all that."
"Really?" he replied with a slight chuckle.  I wasn't sure if he found me amusing or if he was just uncomfortable himself.  "So, you're into the ritual thing then."
"Major," I said in a more serious tone.  "I really get into the ritual aspects.  Trouble is it always has to be by myself.  I don't know any other guys into it like I am.  That's why when I heard about your group I made a point of coming down here to see if I could get involved… you know, join in with you."
"I don't know."  Karl stared down for a moment.  It was the first time I saw anything really serious in his behavior.
"I was really hoping to attend one of your… scenes?"
Karl looked back up.  "We don't have regular scenes.  They're spontaneous.  They just happen."  
"I see.  Not even on full-moon nights?"
"Well," Karl replied nodding, "sometimes.  We refer to them as auto de fes."
"Like during the inquisition."  I knew or had read about auto de fes during both the Spanish and Portuguese Inquisitions, how trials would take place and auto de fes would follow.  I had always assumed these were tortures, persecutions.
Karl chuckled again.  "The inquisition!  Naw, not like that.  An auto de fe is an act of faith.  It was an act of faith following trials back then, too, and preceding the persecution.  But an auto de fe by itself is just that, an act of faith.  What we do is an act of faith."
Now, a patron was calling for service.  "Let me take care of this guy."  Karl turned and moved off again.
I'm so close, I thought.  So close to getting somewhere with this guy.  I have to keep it up.  He has to get me into this group.  It's the only way to get to John Paul.
I glanced around the bar biding my time.  There were the usual homoerotic bar posters from buddy bars across the country–Adonis-like men dressed suggestively in ultra masculine attires–a glass display case with blue ribbons, trophies and photos of bar events like local Mr. Leather contests and the likes.  Nothing unusual.  Certainly nothing as unusual as this group I was trying to get in with.  Karl returned presently.
"Tell you what… let me think about it.  John Paul… he's our… our priest.  He'd have to approve you.  That might take some convincing.  He's pretty closed himself, pretty isolated.  He's not fond of newcomers either but he's attracted to your type I think so maybe I can convince him to give you a chance."
"That'd be great.  When would you know?"
Karl passed his hand over his shaved head and thought a moment.  "He's coming in here later tonight.  Why don't you hang around in case he wants to meet you?"
"Sure," I replied.  "Whatever I have to do."
"And take your shirt off.  Make yourself look sexy.  He'll respond to that."
I laughed more out of embarrassment.  "Okay.  When's he due in?"
"Oh, not for a while."  Karl then grabbed a bar towel and began wiping down the bar top in front of me while I was taking a sip of my beer.  "Just hang out.  It'll happen."
"Great!  I mean, I really appreciate it.  I'm really dying to get involved."
"I can tell."  Little did he know my enthusiasm was coming from my determination to pursue the mystery of this pearl.  My emotions were genuine, though, on that and he must have picked up on it.


Chapter Twenty-Three
For the next couple of hours, I hung out as the bar slowly filled up.  I played a few games of pool with some of the guys just to pass the time.  I was really bad at it, too.  But so were they so it didn't really matter that much.  I always lost, though, and had to keep coming back plugging in more quarters to keep playing.
    After a while, I decided to retreat to the bar's one private bathroom.  I felt more comfortable there taking off my shirt in the privacy of it.  I would at least have a chance to look myself over in the mirror bare-chested before bursting back out into the crowd with my new killer look.  I even wet my hair and slicked it back, then tossed my head sharply to one side to loosen up a few strands that then fell back down across my forehead.  That was the best I could do, I thought.  John Paul would just have to like me that way or not at all.  I tried several smiles and some brooding expressions, too.  Nothing seemed genuine.  I gave up and decided just to play it as myself.  I turned and headed back out into the bar half naked and a tad bit insecure.  What am I worried about, I thought to myself?  I was sure I was one of the best looking guys in the bar.  But the insecurity was there nonetheless.  It was always there, really.
By now, the Eagle upstairs was open and I had seen quite a few guys going up the back stairs.  I knew that's where Karl would be bartending at present and if John Paul was to show up, that's where I would have a chance to meet him.  I climbed up with my beer in hand and was relieved to find it was not as crowded as it had been on my first visit there.  It would be packed later, though, I was sure.  I would stay visible in the crowd as much as possible in case Karl beckoned me over.
"Hey, you're back!" a voice said behind me.  I turned around and it was Gary again.  Same look, different tank was all.
"Yeah."  I nodded and then smiled.  "Back for more torture."
"Torture!"   He broke out laughing.
"Yeah," I said laughing myself.  "Wall-to-wall body torture."
"Oh, right," he agreed thoroughly amused at my depiction.  "What kind of work do you do, anyway?"
"I'm a teacher."   I didn't want to say professor.  That sounded pretentious in a place like that.  Stiff.  Teacher was better.
"Oh, really?  I'm a lawyer,"
"Is that right?"  I don't know why that surprised me.  Everyone goes to those bars.  You're apt to be introduced to just about anyone.
"I'm actually partnered, though.  But we have an open relationship."
"I see."
"What about you?  You single?"
"Oh," I uttered searching for my words.  "Sort of… well, I live with someone."
"Sounds serious."  He was joking, of course.
I laughed.  I had cause to laugh.  I instantly recalled my conversation with Patrick on our drive down to Fontainebleau.  On my fear of commitment as he had put it.  Well, he was right about that and I knew it but I wasn't going to get into that there in The Phoenix with a total stranger.  "It's comfortable the way it is right now, I suppose."
"I read you."  And I felt Gary was genuine about that.
For the next hour or so, he and I chatted about all kinds of things.  Nothing really serious, just bar talk.  He was a really nice guy I discovered.  I would have enjoyed making a friend out of him but I knew I would only be there a short time longer and there didn't really seem any purpose to it.  He didn't push it either.  Typical of the bar scene anywhere.
I had returned to the bar station a couple of times to replenish my beer and each time I got a wink from Karl encouraging me to keep hanging in there.  How much longer, I wondered?  I was beginning to get antsy.  But there was no way I was going to walk away from what might be my only chance at this whole thing now.
A little later, I looked over and noticed Karl was talking to a guy who looked to be in his forties, rather attractive, too.  He was a bit on the muscular side wearing a leather vest over his bare chest with a rawhide cord around his neck supporting a good-sized silver cross that dangled freely between his well-defined pecs.  The two were looking over at me at that very moment.  This could be him, I thought.  This could be John Paul.  God, I hope so.  I waited for a sign from Karl, but after a moment, the guy moved off and I then caught a glimpse of him descending the stairs.  I pushed through the crowd and approached Karl at the bar.
"Was that John Paul you were talking to?"
"Oh, yeah.  That was him."
My heart sank.  "No luck, huh?"
"He was pressed for time.  It's a full-moon tomorrow night.  There's gonna be an auto de fe."
"Oh…"  I was already feeling the pain of rejection in my gut.
"Yeah."  Then Karl smiled.  "He told me I can bring you along."
"You're kidding!  Honest?"
"Yeah.  I'm not kidding."  Then he winked at me again.  "I was right, you are his type."
A chill went down my back.  Not only was I excited at the possibility of attending this auto de fe as Karl had referred to it, I was simultaneously titillated by what the auto de fe would actually entail.  Just what was I getting myself into?  I mean, I was comfortable with the sex.  That wasn't the issue.  Bisexuality gives you the freedom to explore at will and enjoy.  I just wasn't sure what I was getting into otherwise.   Sexual passion mixed with the religious experience.  I was beginning to feel a tingling in my feet just at the thought of it.
"Meet me here tomorrow night.  It won't happen until late… real late."
"'round what time?"
"I get off at four.  We'll go over there from here."
"Where's there?" I asked curious.  I had no clue, of course.  Maybe some warehouse or one of those abandoned churches.  I had seen quite a few around New Orleans and had read in the papers about them, too, how the Archdiocese of New Orleans was in the process of closing down so many as congregations had not rebounded after Katrina. 
Karl leaned over closer.  "It's the real thing.  Tomorrow night we go to the cathedral."
Wow, I thought digesting this.  This is serious.   I still didn't have an idea what John Paul's connection to the cathedral was, but whatever it was, he must have had some special entrée.  Or maybe he just knew how to gain access when the place was otherwise closed, deserted.  I didn't know.  I did know, though, I was overwhelmed with expectations.
I smiled sheepishly.  "Catch you tomorrow night then."
Karl nodded and this time gave no smile in return.  He stared at me for a brief moment then moved off to service another patron.


Chapter Twenty-Four
The next morning, I headed down the stairs to my hotel lobby and decided to take advantage of the continental breakfast going on there.  It was still early so several other hotel guests were there, as well.  I chatted with some of them while sipping coffee and I found everyone to be extremely friendly.  They came from all over the country, even from abroad.  All couples,  One on their honeymoon and one gay couple in from Los Angeles, too.  I seemed to be the only single.  Typical, I thought to myself.
Afterwards, I grabbed a pencil and note paper provided at the table's center and wrote out a brief reminder to myself which I did frequently.  I wanted to stop by a little tourist shop I had seen on the square and pick up some postcards to send friends.  I jotted down LPB for Lower Pontalba Building where the shop was located and the word cards.  That would do it.  I then stuck the note into my pocket and bid good-bye to my fellow guests.
As for the day, maybe I would just spend it walking around the Quarter seeing what else I might discover.  There was no need to get back to Gaudreaux at that point.  He knew I was working on getting to John Paul and I really didn't have anything new to report to him yet.  
"How's Nicky?"  I had decided to check in with Jason on my cell while sitting on a park bench in Jackson Square.
"Fine.  How was Paris?"
"I had forgotten how much I miss that place.  You've got to go there one of these days, you know?"
"Yeah, sure," Jason agreed half-heartedly.  "I'll never get that much time off.  Slaughter would slaughter me."
I laughed out loud.  Jason had a way with words that was absolutely unique.  "We talked about you… Patrick and I."
"About me!"
"Yeah.  Just how much he admires you… I mean, he thinks you're a really great guy."  There was a pause.  I knew Jason was processing this.  "And he thinks you're a good thing in my life right now."  Another pause.  "Are you there?"
"I'm here.  I was just thinking about what you said."
"Oh…  Anyway, my research there turned up some pretty incredible stuff."
"Now aren't you glad I suggested you call Patrick?"
"Absolutely.  You've always got good ideas.  You know, you have a lot of potential, Jason, you just don't pursue it."
"Meaning?"
"Well, for one thing, you're stuck working for that witch and you're really not getting anywhere with your life."
"Lecture time."  I could tell he was growing uncomfortable.  He never liked being put on the spot.  He was rather sensitive.  Closed, really.
"No, just an observation.  I say that because I'm concerned about you."
"When'r you coming home?"
"Soon.  At least, I hope so.  I'm getting close to what I'm looking for I think.  I can feel it."
"Which is what?  I'm still pretty much in the dark about what you're doing down there."
"Oh, it's a long story.  I'll tell you everything when I get back.  Right now, I'm just focused on finishing things up."
"Well," he said sighing heavily, "nothing's really going on here at the moment.  I'm bored."
"You been going out?"
"Not really.  What about you?"
"Me!  You mean have I been going out?"  I had been going out which was the weird thing about it but not in the way he was inferring.  "Sort of."
There was a laugh on the other end of the line.  Probably an effort to lighten things up again.  "You're either going out or you're not.  And I hope it's the former."
"I'll tell you about that, too, when I get back.  Kiss Nicky for me."
"Will do.  I'm holding him in my lap as we speak."
"Good.  I miss him."
There was silence again.  I could have said I missed Jason, too, and I did miss him.  Just didn't want to open that up at the moment.
"Talk to you later," he said waning.
"Sure," I responded then flipped my phone shut.  I sighed.  Jason really was good for me in so many ways.  He centered me.  Whenever I wanted to just talk, he was always there.  Never pushy.  Never forcing a personal agenda.  Just two guys talking guy talk which was always the most comfortable.  He was a good listener and always had a unique take on everything.  He was a great guy.  Patrick was right about that.  And I had learned a lot from him I reminded myself.


Chapter Twenty-Five
I was back at my hotel before dinner.  I wasn't that hungry and I knew I had an important evening, or late night ahead of me even if I had no clue what it was going to be about.  I was a bit sleepy so I thought I would take a short nap.  That way I could be up late and have no problems later on.
The hotel alarm clock sounded at one.  I shut it off, rolled over and turned on the bed lamp.  At first, I was confused about where I even was.  I lay there staring up at the ceiling as reality slowly filtered into my brain.  Oh, yes, I'm back in New Orleans, I remembered.  And I've got to get up and get ready to go out to The Phoenix.
I showered and dressed, again in my levi's.  Ritual, I said to myself.  I'm preparing for ritual.  What did that mean?  Would I need to prepare my mind for it, as well?  No cologne, I told myself.  That would be inappropriate.  What was I even talking about?  I never wore cologne in my life.  I was probably just nervous and searching my mind for anything that might make any sense.
I was hungry by then, too.  Good time to go get something, I figured.  I was not due at The Phoenix for three more hours.  Maybe I would go back to Margaritaville.  Yes, good idea, I thought.
Again, the night clerk was on when I passed through the lobby and he never looked up as I headed for the outside door.  Napoleon noticed, though.  He always did.  Wish me luck, I said to him under my breath.  Somehow, I felt he did.
I took my time at Margaritaville this time around.  I ate a light dinner of shrimp scampi and washed it down with a glass of chilled white wine.  "That was delicious," I told the same female bartender who had served me my first time there.
"Where you from?" she asked as she collected my empty plate.
"New York City."
"Oh.  Never been there but heard a lot about it."
I laughed a little.  I didn't want to embarrass her.  Just thought it amusing how innocently she responded.
"You should take a trip there sometime.  It's a great place."
"I will.  There's a lot of places I plan to go."
Somehow I knew she never would go to any of them.  She was, well, so average.  She'd end up with some dumb boyfriend playing in a nowhere band and maybe even end up having his kid.  I just didn't see her getting out of the rut she was most likely in.  But what did I know?  And how elitist of me, anyway.  I had been blessed.  Blessed with a great education, an exposure to the world.  Not everyone gets that chance.  I have to work on that, I said to myself in all seriousness.  My elitism, I meant.
I ordered a second glass of wine and moved over to a chair facing an opened doorway.  The night was warm and pleasant.  There was a nice tropical breeze coming in off the Gulf.  I sat there for almost an hour watching the passersby, mostly tourists, of course.  Was I ready for this, I asked myself?  This evening?  This evening of auto de fe?  Was I up for that?   I wasn't religious.  I suppose it was just the unknown that was agitating me.  What was it going to entail?  What was it really going to entail.  Was I up for that, I wondered?
It was getting near three a.m. when I glanced at my watch.  I left the restaurant and headed around the corner to the tail end of Elysian Fields.  Going that way would take me at an angle straight up to The Phoenix.  No need to go Esplanade from the same point and cross over later.  Elysian Fields, named after the renowned Paris boulevard the Champs Élysées, which was itself named in honor of the Greco-Roman paradise of the afterlife.  Fitting for my adventure, I mused.  The wine was making me giddy and my head danced with itinerant thoughts.
I reached The Phoenix twenty minutes later and stepped inside.  It wasn't as packed as I thought it might be.  Probably was a little earlier, though.  It was winding down by now.  The doorman was not even on checking IDs anymore so I just strolled on in and headed for the back stairs.  Once up, I made my way around the bar and Karl spotted me right away.
"Hey, buddy," he said displaying his signature smile.
"Hi," I said somewhat apprehensive.  I say apprehensive because I wasn't sure if everything was still on as planned.  But Karl reassured me instantly.
"I'll be off at four.  We'll head over then."
I felt an immediate relief.  "That's great."
"Get you a beer?"
"Sure."
While he reached for the beer, I glanced around at the now sparse upstairs crowd.  It looked wasted.  The boys were active tonight, I thought.  And I'm just now getting out.
"Here," said Karl sitting my beer down in front of me.  "This one's on me."
"Oh, thanks!  How 'bout the other guys?  Are they here in the bar tonight?"
Karl looked at me sort of perplexed.  "Oh… they're not all of them gay."
"Oh, really?"  I found that surprising.
"John Paul," Karl said pinching his brow, "me… a couple of others.  Most not, though."
"I see."  I hadn't considered that.  No, I hadn't considered that at all.  "Well, I'll just hang out over by the wall then, that okay?"
"Sure."  Karl then moved off to wait on someone else.
What was my plan going to be, anyway, I asked myself?  I mean, just what was I going after exactly?  I needed to get to John Paul to get to Delfino.  But how would I do that?  Everything I had been told about John Paul was how distant he was.  Would I have a chance to even have a conversation with him?  Would I try to make a date with him?  Was that the way to go with it?  I was just masturbating my mind, I thought.  I would have to play everything by ear.  Make my decisions based on what transpired at the moment.  Yes, that's what I would do.
The next half-hour was an eternity.  I didn't talk to anyone.  Didn't really want to.  And I never saw Gary again either.  He probably wasn't the late night type.  The only guys still hanging around were the ones who just hang around bars anywhere and never seem to ever leave.  Or the hopelessly hopeless still hoping to pick up something or maybe just get off one more time in the back room.  What did I know?  It was not my scene in this sub-culture.  I was just speculating about everything as I always did.
"Let's go," a voice said from behind.  I looked around and Karl was just turning and heading for the stairs.  I set my beer down and followed.  Outside, he pointed to a few motorcycles parked to one side of the entrance.  "I've got my bike."  In minutes, we were headed on it across St. Claude, the avenue that actually becomes Rampart across the top of the French Quarter.  We didn't talk.  I felt it was better that way.  I didn't want to seem too outgoing.  I didn't think that was the right preparation for… well for this auto de fe. 


Chapter Twenty-Six
The night air was warm and caressing to my face as we sped along.  It was a good time to speculate more on these auto de fes John Paul conducted?  Did the Church know anything about them? I wondered.  Surely not.  Far too controversial.  They knew about and even tolerated, even sanctioned, rituals performed by devout members of groups like Opus Dei, the ultra Catholic order whose members, some of them, engaged regularly in severe forms of corporal mortification.  Tortures to their bodies which were surely racked with pain, even drawing blood, in the name of God.  But these auto de fes, John Paul's auto de fes, were surely beyond Church permissiveness.  Augustine, or St. Augustine as the Church referred to him, had taken care of all that.  
I recalled reading Augustine's Confessiones or Confessions written back in the fourth century.  He had viewed that a major result of original sin, that committed by Adam and Eve, was disobedience of the flesh to the spirit as a punishment of disobedience to God.  Before that, sexuality or restrictions on it, was a remote issue with the Church.  There weren't even Church-sanctioned marriages at that time.  Any restrictions were simply self-ordained and carryovers from former pagan or Judeo customs.  Sexuality had always been an integral part of pagan rituals before.  
The worship of Dionysus, whom the Romans called Baccus, involved religious rites where participants indulged in excessive feasting and drinking throughout the night that led to full-scale orgies which included the seducing of young girls and male youths.  
The Greeks had incorporated sexuality in their religious ceremonies, as well, long before the Romans.  Their orgies, also held at night, were secret rites worshiping Demeter, mentioned in the Homeric Hymn, as well as worshiping of various other sex-oriented gods including Dionysus.  Homosexuality was frequently a practice during these events without reservations.  And there is evidence that some very early Christian rites involved orgies, as well.
After Augustine, however, the Church adopted his strict doctrine of sex within the newly Church-ordained marriages only, a doctrine which carries right up until today.  Augustine's puritanical philosophies eventually led to celibacy of priests, sexual abstinence of the unmarried and strict prohibition of anything remotely homosexual in nature, everything that could possibly be conceived as disobedience of the flesh.  
So these auto de fes of John Paul's were obviously completely outside established Church doctrine.  Underground acts, so to speak.  And I wondered just how many other groups like this might exist out there in Christendom.  Religious rites involving some sort of sexual experience.  I pondered all this in silence, of course.
At St. Ann, we swung a left and headed down into the Quarter.  I noticed when we passed the Rawhide Bar.  Gary had mentioned it.  The crowd is a bit younger there, he had said.  A few late patrons were leaving.  They didn't seem all that young to me.
Farther down, we reached Royal and turned right arriving then at the back end of the cathedral where there was a small gated park.  Karl turned into a tiny alleyway alongside it called Père Antoine and pulled up to a stop.  After we hopped off, he locked his bike and I figured it was legal for him to park there or at least he wasn't concerned about it.  The area was totally deserted anyway.  After all, it was going on four-fifteen a.m.  I followed him as we sneaked along the cast-iron fence until we came to a small service door at the back corner of the cathedral.  Karl pushed it open easy enough.  I figured it had been left unlocked for us by someone in the group.  Maybe even John Paul himself.
It was very dark inside.  We moved through a maze of small twists and turns until we came to what looked like a cramped little dressing room.  It was probably for the priests.  There were open cubicles along one wall.  Several other members of the group had gathered there already, maybe eight or ten of them, I didn't count, all in the process of stripping down to nakedness.  No one talked and I wasn't introduced to them either.  It was just assumed Karl and I were there officially, I gathered.  There as part of the group.   Karl started stripping, as well, and so did I.  We all hung our clothes in the empty cubicles.  I noticed one cubicle already had street clothes hanging in it and figured those must have been John Paul's belongings.  He was nowhere to be found at the moment.
Then I noticed the other guys reaching into a canvas duffle bag lying on the floor and pulling out what looked like heavy robes, monks' robes.  Interesting, I thought.  Very, well, very ritual for lack of a better term.  Karl grabbed for one, too, and a second one which he handed to me.  We, like the others, slipped the robes on over our heads and pulled them down our bare bodies.  In minutes, we were all moving in a single line from the room through a very dark corridor.  Soon, we exited through another small door and out into the sanctuary itself, that glorious 19th century masterpiece I had visited earlier in daytime.  It was dark at present, though.  No electric lights on anywhere.  But there were candles burning in an alcove at one side of the altar illuminating a lifesize statue of Christ on the cross hanging on the wall.  Kneeling before the statue was none other than John Paul.  He was completely naked and looked to be in a deep rapture.  He was muttering phrases in Latin and staring transfixed at the statue above.  His body reeked with perspiration and I figured he had to be on something, some kind of drug, to be in that ultra-slick state.
The group circled wide around him and we all knelt on the stone floor facing him from behind.  It was then one member in the group stood up and passed before each of us dispensing wafer-like disks similar to the ones the Church gives out at communion.  But I surmised they would more than likely have something else in them.  Perhaps peyote or maybe even ecstasy.  That's probably what John Paul was on, I surmised.  Each member placed the wafer on his tongue then bowed his head and swallowed it.  I, of course, faked it.  I needed to be fully conscious throughout.  I wasn't opposed to taking part in the drug.  Just not at that time.  Not on that night.  Not while it could have stood in the way of my ability to accomplish my exact mission whatever that was to be.  I still wasn't sure.
When the member who passed out the wafers completed the circle, he returned to his place and knelt again along with the rest of us.  John Paul continued his recitation while the others of us waited reverently in silence for the effects of the drug to take hold.  I could soon see that was happening in them.  Some of the members were beginning to move their heads around in their hoods almost swooning.  Something was happening to them, I knew.  I tried to imitate this as best I could.
This period must have lasted a good ten to fifteen minutes more until I noticed John Paul sinking slowly to the floor.  The others noticed it, too, and presently, we all stood and moved forward towards him.  Then we reached down and picked up his nude body raising it above our heads.  In one single mass, we turned and moved slowly out of the alcove and down a step onto the main sanctuary floor.  In unison, the members of the group began to chant: 
"Ecce Panis Angelorum, 
Factus cibus viatorum
Vere panis filiorum, 
Non mittendus canibus.
I had two years of Latin as an undergraduate and was able to understand some of the meaning of the phrases.
"Behold the bread of angels,
made the food of wayfarers…
From there, we carried John Paul's naked body, still reeking with perspiration, towards the center of the sanctuary where we turned and moved up the central steps towards the apse.  Candles were there on stands flanking either side of us lighting our way.
"In figuris praesignatur
Cum Isaac immolator,
Agnus Paschae deputatur 
Datur manna patribus.
I glanced up, and in the soft, flickering candlelight, I could see once again the inscription Ecce Panis Angelorum in the apse high above.  It made sense then.  The wafers, the body of Christ.  Behold, the bread of angels, it had proclaimed.
"Bone pastor, panis vere, 
Jesu, nostri miserere: 
Tu nos pasce, nos tuere, 
Tu nos bona fac videre 
In terra viventium.
At the center of the apse was a broad stone altar with nothing on it whatsoever.  That's where we lowered John Paul's body laying him out as Christ had been laid out in the tomb after the crucifixion.  I can say I was feeling myself becoming more and more wrapped up in the passion of it all.  The earlier wine and later the beer had given me buzz enough.  I was definitely feeling a part of it.  It was uplifting, really, and mesmerizing at the same time.
"Tu qui cuncta scis et vales, 
Qui nos pascis hic mortales:
Tuos ibi commensales, 
Coheredes et sodales 
Fac sanctorum civium. 
Amen."
At that moment, the group stepped back and all began shedding their robes.  I followed, and in seconds, we were all standing as one.  Naked, pure, bonded by our maleness with the musk odor emanating from us.  It flashed in my mind how so many male bondings are practiced everyday everywhere in gyms, showers, on sports fields, even on the battlefield, anywhere men huddle body-to-body together, bonding as one and joining together in their joy and ecstasy of the moment, shedding their inhibitions in the exhilaration of the homoerotic experience however subliminal.  That special camaraderie that is unique only to the male, transcending from self to buddy to one.  
Then, most of the group approached John Paul and began to stroke his glistening frame just as Jesus' body had been cleansed in the tomb.  There wasn't room for all at the altar so I remained back as one or two others did, quietly observing.  Then the others reached under John Paul and lifted him up again stepping back and slowly lowering his body down to the floor.  Again we knelt around him and within seconds, the orgy, this sexual auto de fe, began.  First caressing of John Paul followed by caressing of one's self, then of each other with recitation again of the Latin phrases, not in unison this time, but each on his own.  Each lost in the rapture of the experience.  And all of this led then to an uninhibited arousal and mass sexual encounter.
This lasted for a good ten to twenty minutes more until all had pretty much reached frottuous orgasm followed by a collapse onto the floor and a passing then into a blissful slumber.  A slow breathing mound of warm, moist flesh.


Chapter Twenty-Seven
Minutes later, I slowly opened my eyes.  This is the moment, I thought.  I don't know how much time I am going to have but I have to go for it now.  I have to seize this opportunity while I can.  I slipped slowly backwards pulling my robe with me, back down the steps then slipping the robe over my head and pulling it down over my slick body.  Then, I crept low across the sanctuary floor until I had reached the small door through which we had entered.  Back in the dressing room, I reached into the pockets of what I was sure were John Paul's clothes frantically searching until I found a set of keys.  The keys to Delfino's house, I was sure of it.  I then hurriedly slipped back into my shoes.  In seconds, I had bolted out the back door of the cathedral with the keys in my hand. 
I would have maybe a half-hour at the most, I figured.  No more.  I hurried across Royal as fast as I could move in the robe.  The night air felt refreshing for a change.  Very refreshing.  I only hoped no police officers would be on the street at that hour to stop me in such an unusual garb.  I couldn't think about anything else, though, but getting to Esplanade.  Five to ten minutes later, I reached it.  Bourbon I knew was only a block up.  I crossed onto the center divider and loped beneath the oaks with the moonlight filtering down through them until I reached the corner of Delfino's mansion.  It was dark.  Completely dark.  No lights were on inside anywhere.
I moved along Bourbon to the back where I knew John Paul lived.  At the side gate, I began trying the various keys.  At last, one worked and I slipped inside.  Now, which way, I wondered?  There were rickety steps leading upwards.  That must be how to get into the main house, I thought.  I leaped up them and came to a service entrance.  I tried the keys again.  Nothing seemed to work.  Damn!  Nothing!  No, wait, one did!  "Oh, My God, I'm in!" I exclaimed.  Inside the door, it was completely dark again.  But I was afraid to turn on any lights.  I figured I would have to make my way upstairs without lights on at all.  I didn't want to alert Delfino.  Startle him.  He might have a gun.  I had to move quickly but silently.  Silently like a thief.  Yes, I was a thief, I thought.  Stealing into someone's life unannounced.  Isn't that what thieves do, I interrogated myself?
Out into the parlor then, a gigantic and soaring room with stained, gilt-framed mirrors on almost every wall and a huge, unlit crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling.  Then into a front hallway and to the foot of a grand staircase.  Delfino would be up there somewhere, I was sure of it.  A bit of light was filtering in from above.  Some small window.  Light coming from a streetlamp outside, I figured.  Thank God for that.  I quietly stole up the stairs never taking my eyes off my destination.  Upstairs, I was in another corridor, dark all over again.  Everything was so musty.  It smelled like an abandoned house.  I'm sure no maids were ever allowed in.  Didn't John Paul ever clean anything himself, I wondered?  Probably not.
I felt with my hands down the wall.  There were several doors along the way.  I pushed each one open.  The rooms were empty.  Empty of furnishings.  Like a vacant house.  How bizarre, I thought.  Creepy, really.  And cobwebs everywhere.  Finally, I reached the last door.  I pushed it slowly open and to my surprise it led into a fully-furnished room.  There was a huge bed at one end of it, one of those ornately-carved Victorians with a ceiling-high headboard and circular canopy at the top of that.  There was just enough light coming in through a nearby window to see that someone was lying in the bed.  Delfino! I said to myself.  That has to be Delfino.  No one else lived in the place but John Paul downstairs in the back.  So it had to be Delfino.  The sheet was pulled up over him, even over his face.  I approached slowly and whispered.
"Mr. Delfino?"  There was no response.  I didn't want to startle him then either.  At his age, he could have a heart attack.  I had to go gently.  "Mr. Delfino?"  Then, a little louder.  "Mr. Delfino!"
I reached for the sheet and pulled it down.  To my horror, I was now staring at a corpse.  A dried out corpse with withered skin over its skull and huge hollow holes where eyes had obviously once been.  Probably eaten out by insects.  The hair was long and white and shining in the moonlight.  I gasped in disbelief.  "Oh, My God!" I exclaimed.  "Delfino!  Delfino is dead!  He's dead!  He's dead!" I repeated over and over.  "And, he's been dead for… for months… maybe even years!"   The odor of the corpse was putrefying.  I couldn't believe my eyes.  Gaudreaux did not know this, I was sure.  No one did.  John Paul was the only one who knew.  John Paul guarded this secret continuing to pose as Delfino's live-in. "This is not real!  I don't believe what I'm seeing!"
I staggered backwards trying to catch my breath.  Then I turned and looked around the room.  Should I go through the place?  Did I need to search through the drawers?  For what?  For the code?  I already knew the code.  There would be nothing written down explaining it anyway.  It would just be a waste of time.  And time I did not have.
I turned towards the door and flew out of this horror chamber as fast as I could.  I made my way along the hall then raced back down the stairs, stumbled my way towards the back of the house and bolted out the service door to the outside again.  The fresh air was relieving after the stench of the interior.  In minutes, I was running back across Royal.  Block after block I sprinted without stopping.  I had run so fast, my heart was beginning to ache.  But I couldn't stop either.  Not for one second.  I had to get back before anyone knew I was missing.
At the back corner of the cathedral, I found the service door and pushed it open.  I slipped inside and soon located the dressing room again.  All the clothes were still hanging in the cubicles.  I made it! I exclaimed to myself.  I made it!  I stuck the keys back into John Paul's jeans pocket then slipped carefully out of my robe.  I hurried, then, to put my street clothes back on.  I didn't know when the others would be coming back to the dressing room but I wanted to be out of there before they did.  I didn't want the awkwardness of confronting them.  What was I going to say to them, anyway?  Thanks, guys, I had a great time?  I shook my head in disbelief.  What a night, I thought to myself?  What an unbelievably horrifying night!
I turned the pass key in the lock of my hotel's main door and quietly pushed it open.  Then I moved silently to the foot of the stairs.  The lobby was deserted and quiet and the night clerk was snoozing behind the desk.  Only Napoleon was awake and watching.  He was always watching.  "Well, old man," I whispered as I passed beneath his portrait, "I hope you're satisfied.  This has all been because of you."  I sighed heavily then caught my breath and began my climb up the stairs with much labor.  Labor I say because I had been going the entire time since leaving the cathedral earlier for Delfino's and back again.  And had even hurried from the cathedral back to my hotel, I suppose seeking desperately to end this whole incredulous experience once and for all.  I would sleep that night for sure.  And I needed it.


Chapter Twenty-Eight
It was Sunday morning around ten when I awoke.  I had purposely not set the alarm and it was the light coming in through the pulled back drapery that caused my eyes to open.  "Ugh!" I muttered sitting up on the side of the bed and rubbing my temples.  I was having a slight headache probably from the mixing of the wine and the beer the night before and with all that running.
I would have to meet with Gaudreaux later on, I reminded myself.  He would be wanting to know what transpired with John Paul if anything and I at least owed him some sort of explanation of that.  And I couldn't hide the fact Delfino was dead either.  I felt I had to tell him about that.  I was still under his employ, after all.
I slipped off the bed and staggered over to the mirror that was hanging above the dresser.  I glanced at my reflection and saw that I looked pretty haggard.  Why wouldn't I? I concluded.  I had all of three and a half hours sleep at most.  I would have slept longer but that damned light coming in through the window.  Well, I thought while slapping my face with my hands to stimulate some circulation, I'll schedule a nap sometime later in the day if possible.
After cleaning up, I left the hotel and headed into the Quarter to get some breakfast.  I was tired of the Market Café's fancy omelets and spicy po'boys.  Maybe I would find something more traditional like a diner.  I figured there had to be something like that somewhere around.
At Jackson Square, I located the small tourist shop where I had seen postcards earlier and picked out a few I felt represented my particular take on the city.
"I'm looking for a diner," I said to the store clerk while paying for the cards. 
"A diner…" the clerk repeated thinking.  "Oh, sure.  Straight up St. Ann.  It's on Bourbon about a block to the right."
"Thanks," I said pocketing the cards.
It was called the Clover Grill and was exactly what I was looking for.  It was just across Bourbon from one of the popular gay bars Café Lafitte in Exile and I later learned the same owners ran both.  It was good to get a plate of plain eggs, fries and toast for a change.  I also decided to take the opportunity to scratch out a few of my cards while there.
As I pulled the cards out of my jacket pocket, a clump of notes I had collected over the past few days came out, as well, and I dumped all of them onto the table before me.  There was Gaudreaux's original note with the address of the public library on it and, of course, the code.  There were a couple of notes I made to myself in Paris and the one reminding me to purchase the postcards at LPB or Lower Pontalba Building.  As I gazed at that, my eyes floated to the note with the code written on it.  The code began with LPB, as well.  Interesting coincidence, I thought to myself.  Then it connected in my brain.  LPB. Lower Pontalba Building!  What if that's what the first letters of the code stood for, too?  I snatched up the code and studied it a moment.  LPB, Lower Pontalba Building I repeated to myself again.  Then came 523.  Was that an address?  I hastily reached into my pants pocket for the receipt given to me when I paid for the postcards.  The address of the shop was printed on it.  It read 533 St. Ann.  So maybe 523 was an address as well.
I stuffed everything back into my jacket pocket, paid for my breakfast and literally flew out the door.  I hurried back to St. Ann then turned down towards the square again.  My heart was pounding.  Have a begun to crack the code, I wondered, more hoping?  When I got to the Lower Pontalba Building, the numbers were missing on many of the store fronts so I returned to the tourist shop to speak with the same clerk I had talked with earlier.  I was nearly out of breath when I entered the shop door.  "You're address here is 533, right?"
"Yes," the clerk confirmed.  He was staring at me with a blank expression not understanding why this was of importance to me but I'm sure he could read extreme interest on my face.  
"523!" I blurted out.  Which one is 523?"
The clerk hesitated a moment then pointed back in the direction from which I had just come.  "That would be the 1850 House I believe."
"What's that?"
"It's a bookstore.  But, that's only on the ground floor.  The 1850 House is a museum on the upper two floors.  It's open to the public."
"A museum!"
"Yes.  It's part of the State Museum system."
I stared at him piecing this together in my mind.  "You mean, like the Cabildo and the Presbytere?"
"Yes.  They're all part of the same system."
"Thanks!"  I then turned and left the shop.  I hurried the few doors down to where the sign hanging overhead read 1850 House.  I tried the door but it was locked.  The sign on the inside of the glass read: Open Monday through Saturday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.  "Damn!  Today is Sunday!  It's closed."  I looked in through the windows and couldn't see much of anything other than rows of tables displaying picture books available for purchase and the store's counter with the register on it.  There was a second sign behind the glass that read: Tours of the 1850 House begin at 9 a.m.
I reached in my jacket pocket and pulled out the wad of notes again.  I located the one with the code on it and stuffed the others back into my pocket.  Then I stood there reading the code to myself one more time.  LPB, Lower Pontalba Building.  523, the address. 2F. That would be the second floor, of course!  The clerk down the way had said the house was on the upper two floors.  I read on.  DR.  That would be the dining room.  A house usually has a dining room.  LR would have been the living room.  DR the dining room.  That's it!  That has to be it!  "Oh, My God!" I exclaimed with incredible excitement.  "I've cracked the code!  I have cracked the damn code!"  The rest of the code was not so easy but I felt it might be once I could get inside and upstairs.  Things would make more sense then.  My God! I said to myself!  Is this where the jewel is hidden?  Is this where Du Pont left the pearl?  It was part of the State Museum system so why not?  He would have had access to it.  He would have had access to it whenever he wanted.  He didn't want the pearl hidden in the Cabildo.  Too easy to be found.  He wanted it elsewhere.  The 1850 House was his choice.  I was sure of it.  But I would have to come back the following day!  I would be back at 9 a.m. when the bookstore opened and I would take the first tour!  I sighed heavily.  Am I really that close?  I was tingling all over from the mere thought of it.
"I have a lot to tell you," I said to Gaudreaux on my cell.  I was still standing outside the bookstore staring out at the square.  "May I come up?"
"Not now," Gaudreaux told me.  "I have a meeting here this afternoon with Friends of the Cabildo.  We have a lot of business to take care of.  This lieutenant governor thing, you know?  It's very pressing.  Can you come at five?"
"Sure.  I'll be there then."
I flipped the phone shut then stepped out into the alleyway of St. Ann where the warm sunshine now bathed my face.  Despite my lack of sleep, I was feeling reinvigorated all over again.  But what all was I going to tell Gaudreaux anyway, I asked myself?  I would tell him I got to John Paul but I wouldn't go into the details, of course.  If he asked, I would skirt around them.  He didn't need to know about the group, about the ritual.  The auto de fe.  That was irrelevant in light of everything else.  He only had to know I visited the mansion on Esplanade and discovered Delfino was dead.  I would also tell him about cracking the code because, after all, he had hired me to figure that out.  And that is exactly what I was in the process of doing, deciphering it.  I owed that to him.  Whether I would turn the pearl over to him or not I was not sure yet.  That was never what I had promised.  I had simply agreed to help solve the mystery.  It was all going to be tricky though.
I spent the next hour at Café du Monde reading The Times-Picayune Sunday edition.  I was hoping there would be more on the murder of Barbeau but nothing was mentioned.  Like everything else, it remained a mystery.
I had plenty of time to kill so I took the streetcar again up to the Garden District.  I figured, once there, I could spend time walking around seeing a few of the other antebellum mansions in the area.  There had been so many.  I was sure I could spend days there without getting bored once.  And that's what I did.
At four-forty-five, I headed for First and Camp to Gaudreaux's and reached the gate just before five p.m.  I rang the bell then and waited.  After a long pause, I heard Gaudreaux's voice come over the intercom.  "Bennington?"
"Yes."  Then the lock clicked and the gate opened.  I slipped inside and closed it gently behind me.  Then I made my way up the brick walk to the porch steps.
The front door opened oh so slightly and as I climbed to the porch itself, I could see Gaudreaux peering discreetly out.  As I neared, he opened the door wider for me and I stepped inside.
"My maid is off on Sundays and I have to do everything myself."  I surmised that meant hosting the Friends of the Cabildo group earlier and not me.
Gaudreaux turned and headed into the big room.  I followed.  I had already formed a different opinion of him by then.  I had always given him the benefit of the doubt before.  The gentle little man, perhaps shy, a little desperate at times, always extremely polite.  But now, I had begun to see him in a completely different light.  Cunning, perhaps.  Certainly not trustworthy.  Would I confront him on everything at that meeting?  Maybe not.  Maybe I would still hold back.  After all, I had only begun to crack the code.  I really hadn't succeeded at that just yet.  And more important, I had not actually located the pearl.  Held it in my hand.  That would come later I hoped.  For now, I decided to continue playing the game.  Playing the fool.  I was there to simply report to him, not to confront or condemn.  Not at that moment, anyway.  A better time would come for that.
He did not offer me a chair this time and I figured he wanted to make the meeting brief.  His way of saying this would be short and to the point.  I could deal with that.  I was not a guest anyway.  I was hired to do a job for him and in that respect he called the shots.
"So," he said rubbing his hands together.  He appeared to be somewhat tired. "What have you found out so far?  Did you get to John Paul?"
"Yes.  I met with John Paul."
I then detected a slight sigh of relief from him.  "Good.  Did you learn anything from him?"
"As a matter of fact I did.  Delfino is dead."
There was an immediate reaction from Gaudreaux at the knowledge of this.  He stepped back slightly.  I think it hit him rather hard.  He certainly wasn't expecting it.  "How do you know?"
"I visited the mansion."
"John Paul let you in?"
I wasn't sure how to explain things at this point.  I chose my words carefully.  "Yes, John Paul let me in.  He showed me Delfino's room.  Delfino's been dead for a long time."
"I see," Gaudreaux muttered under his breath.  "Why wasn't it ever announced?"
"I'm not sure.  Maybe Delfino didn't want it.  You know, no obituary?"
"I see."  I could tell his thoughts were racing.  He was trying to put things together in his mind.  "What about the code?"
"We didn't discuss that.  I figured John Paul wouldn't have known anything about that anyway."
"Yes, you're right.  Delfino would never have shared a secret that profound with such a low-life as John Paul."
Interesting choice of words, I thought to myself.  John Paul a low-life.  But then, Gaudreaux was a bit of an elitist, I would say.  He looked down on a lot of people and that included gays.  He had used terms like "in that milieu" and "not a regular bar."  Not very sensitive, I thought to myself.  But then, he was pretty much isolated from a lot of things living like a recluse himself in his Garden District mansion, serving on a rather elitist board of one of the most prestigious museums in the State.  All that.  And then there was his wife, or former wife as he had referred to her.  Where was she now?  He hadn't said.  But I could tell he had been moved profoundly when he looked over at her portrait.  I was sure she had left him either in death or maybe even for another man.  At any rate, he was pining for her deeply and I felt the pearl had special meaning for him in that regard.  Powers to heal the bleeding heart, he had told me.  He appeared to be seeking the pearl for his own solace, his own healing?
Gaudreaux was staring at the moment out the window across the room and I perceived a sadness coming over him. "Without Delfino, we will never know the meaning of the code," he uttered softly, almost resolved.  Then he sank into one of the overstuffed chairs behind him.  His breathing had become more labored now.  "Only Delfino knew, or possibly knew, the meaning of it."
"Maybe not."  I was actually feeling a bit sorry for Gaudreaux at the moment.  Yes, he had been elusive with me.  He had sent me all over the place, even to Paris, to uncover things he already knew and maybe he had his reasons for it.  Maybe I would even know what they were eventually.  "I think I may know what the code means."
Gaudreaux looked up waiting for an explanation.  "I think the LPB it begins with refers to the Lower Pontalba Building.  I'm not sure.  I won't know until tomorrow morning.  But I think that's what it might mean.  I'm planning to investigate it then.  If I'm right, we may be on to something after all.  I'll let you know."
 I could see Gaudreaux's mind was racing again.  This was a completely new clue for him.  I could tell he was going over the code in his mind now for what else he might be able to figure out.  Then he stood up with some effort.  He pressed his hand to his heart as if he was in some sort of pain.
"Are you all right?"
"Yes.  I have a weak heart.  I have to take my pills now."
He had not divulged this heart problem to me before.  I suppose the news, the news that the code might be broken at last was too much for him.  "I'll leave then."
"Yes.  Would you see yourself out?"
"Of course."
I headed out of the room and to the front door.  I didn't look back.  I didn't want to embarrass him in case he was still suffering.  Maybe I should have offered to get the pills for him but that would have been rather forward of me.  He would have asked if he had needed me to do that.  I opened the front door and stepped out then pulled the door shut behind me.  I think I told him everything I needed to tell him, I thought as I descended the steps to the walk.  He really didn't need to know more.  He was a frail old man, I had seen, and, after all, he had paid me five thousand dollars and would possibly pay me the rest, the twenty-thousand more, if I actually located the pearl for him.  Would I be able to do that?  Would I want to do that?  That had become the big question in my mind.  The moral dilemma I was now faced with.  But at the moment, I needed to keep going.  I was passionately involved in the pursuit now myself and I needed to find that pearl as much as Gaudreaux did.
I wandered back to my hotel around 7 p.m. and decided it would be a good time for my intended nap.  I wanted to lie awake for a while, though, and go over things again in my mind.  I was too far gone for that.  I don't even remember falling asleep but I'm sure I did just as soon as my head hit the pillow.
At around ten-thirty or eleven later that night, I awoke feeling much more rested.  I dressed and headed down to the hotel lobby thinking I might go out for a while, maybe pick up a snack.  My female desk clerk friend was on duty which surprised me.  I had never seen her working the evening shift.
"Thought you only worked days," I said approaching the desk.
"I do but Frank the night clerk had something important to do this evening so I volunteered to stand in for him.  I need the extra money, anyway."
"How'd your dinner with your boyfriend go the other night?"
She thought a moment then remembered back when she had dropped me off on St. Ferdinand before her dinner plans that evening.  "Oh, super.  He's a great guy.  You would like him."  I smiled and was happy for her.  "How was your trip?"
"Oh," I said totally having forgotten we had not seen each other since my return.  "Great!  I got everything done I needed to do."
"Something's going on up the street on Esplanade," she said a little concerned.
"Oh, really?" I responded not having a clue what she was referring to.  "What?"
"That big old mansion on the corner of Bourbon."
"Oh?"  I knew immediately she was referring to Delfino's place
"Someone got murdered there."
"Murdered!"  Maybe she just meant Delfino had been found.  He didn't look like he had been murdered to me when I discovered his corpse.  But I didn't really look that closely.  It was so dark.  He just looked like he had died in his sleep.  "Inside the house?"
"No.  Some guy's lying out on the street with blood all over the sidewalk.  I saw it coming down to the hotel when I passed there earlier.  The police are everywhere."
"Huh!  Maybe I'll go check it out."
I left for the street then turned up Esplanade.  This sounds too close for comfort, I said to myself.  I started jogging up and could already see the blue flashing lights of the police cars blocking off the streets and the red flashing lights of a paramedic's vehicle, as well.  I could also see a small crowd of onlookers that had formed as I got closer.
It was all taking place at the back side of the mansion on Bourbon.  Police tape with Crime Scene written on it had already been stretched around the area keeping the public out.  I could see the body lying on the sidewalk across the street next to the back gate, a black tarp covering it.  Just the two feet were sticking out one end of it and a lot of blood on the sidewalk as my hotel friend had said.
"What's going on?" I asked a young woman standing alone in the crowd.  She looked like a neighbor who had come out to observe.  
"A guy got shot," she told me.  "I heard it was execution style."
"Execution style!"  What could she have meant by that?
I moved along the back of the crowd trying to jockey a closer position but really couldn't see much more than I had already.  I ended up near one of the police vehicles where a homicide detective was sitting inside talking into a police phone.  He was reporting back to headquarters and I could hear a bit of his conversation.  "White male, 46 years old, name on driver's license John Paul Devilliar," he was saying into the phone.  "Shot with a pistol through the mouth.  Died instantly."
"Died instantly."  Who would do such a thing? I wondered.  No one ever mentioned John Paul had enemies.  But then, I didn’t know enough about him to determine that.  Maybe he had a lot of enemies.  Maybe he was involved in drugs.  Those kinds of killings were common with drugs.  I knew that.
I stood there with my hands in my pockets just watching the detectives roaming around the scene.  One had obviously removed John Paul's keys from his pocket and was now opening the side gate of the mansion.  Wow, I said to myself.  Are they in for a surprise.  Bigger than this one.  Wait 'til they find what's upstairs.  Wait 'til they find Delfino's mummified body lying in that upstairs room in that gargantuan bed.  And wait 'til this all hits The Times-Picayune.  That's going to be a true New Orleans story, I figured.
Later, I strolled back down Esplanade beneath the center oaks thinking things over again in my mind.  Wonder if Karl knows about John Paul yet?  Probably not.  How would he?  Wonder what that's going to mean for the group?  For the auto de fes?  They'll probably cease.  Without John Paul, the passion, the leadership would not be there.  And certainly not his connection to the Church, to the cathedral.  It would all be over, I figured.
I had totally lost my appetite by then and decided just to return to the hotel.  Maybe I would get around to a few more chapters of Civilization later on.  Probably not.  I was not in the mood for that anymore.  Maybe I would just lie on the bed staring at the wall in front of me pondering everything all over again.


Chapter Twenty-Nine
I was up early the next morning.  I wanted to get to the 1850 house to be there when it opened.  I skipped breakfast but managed a few minutes at Café du Monde to grab a coffee before heading over.  I was standing outside the bookstore when the clerk opened up.
Once inside, I asked about the 1850 House tour.  The clerk told me I could go up anytime.  There was no organized tour that day.  Just a brochure explaining the various rooms in the house.
"I wasn't even aware there was a museum here," I said scanning the brochure in my hand.
"Oh, yeah.  The State owns the building and the museum upstairs but the Friends of the Cabildo run the bookstore down here."
Ah, another connection to Friends of the Cabildo.  "What is it, exactly… I mean, is there a significance to this particular house?"
"No, not really.  It's representative of a succession of wealthy merchant families who occupied the residence during its fashionable era.  All the furnishings are from the period and manufactured in or around New Orleans."
 "I see.  So it represents a grander era."
 "Oh, of course.  But following the economic upheaval that accompanied the Civil War and its aftermath, the Pontalba row-houses declined dramatically.  And after the death of the Baroness Pontalba in 1874, ownership of the building passed to her heirs who really felt no connection to it.  By the beginning of the twentieth century, the buildings had fallen into total disrepair and the apartments were being rented out to poor immigrants relocating to the city for work at the time."
 "So the building was eventually purchased by the State?"
 "Not exactly.  A New Orleans cigar manufacturer, an early preservationist of the French Quarter, purchased the building in 1921 and he later willed it to the Louisiana State Museum which took possession of it in 1927."
"I see."  All that made sense.  And eventually, the State Museum probably decided to turn one of the apartments into a museum and when Du Pont came along, it seemed to him an ideal place to move the pearl out of the Cabildo and to somewhere where it might be more safe.  At least, that's what seemed probable to me at the moment.
I headed for the back of the bookstore and into the service corridor where a winding staircase led to the upper floors.  When I reached the second floor landing, I headed back towards the direction of the street into the house proper and towards the parlor straight ahead of me.  The dining room was my actual destination, though, and that was through the wide pocket doors just to my right.
It was still early and no one else had purchased a tour ticket so far.  I was in luck, I thought.  I had the place completely to myself.  I carefully stepped over the velvet rope that separated the corridor from the dining room and found myself standing in a virtual time warp.  The dining room, large for its size, was filled with hand-carved 1850s-style furnishings.  The table was spread with priceless Old Paris porcelain and fine pieces of New Orleans-crafted silver.  Above the table was the familiar gasolier, so typical of that period when well-to-do homes used a combination of both oil-burning and natural gas lighting inter-changeably.
I reached in my jacket pocket and pulled out the piece of paper with the code written on it.  "LPB… Lower Pontalba Building," I said just under my breath.  "2F or second floor, yes.  DR dining room, yes.  And CL."  That was a puzzle.  Could it be a closet?  Not likely.  There were few closets in homes in the 1850s.  Only armoires.  I knew that the tax codes in the 19th century were predicated on the number of rooms in a dwelling, not the square footage of the place, and closets were counted as rooms.  That's why closets were extremely rare.  "CL then.  What could that stand for?"  It was followed by the number 10.  CL10.  Maybe the CL stood for center left like stage directions.  Center left, center right, that sort of thing.  Made sense.  And the 10 might have meant ten feet or ten paces.  Certainly not paces.  The room was large but not that large.  "Center left ten feet then."  Facing into the dining room with the pocket doors behind me, I assumed from the center of the room–from the gasolier–I would need to move ten feet to my left.  I did this standing where I would end up.
Then, I paused a moment just to listen.  I wanted to be sure I didn't hear voices of anyone else coming up the staircase to take the tour.  All sounded quiet enough.  I continued then with the code.  Next read R5.  If I was right about CL10, center left ten feet, then R5 would be right five feet.  Made sense.  That took me to where I was then facing a large sideboard with white marble top placed against the side wall.  "Ah ha!" I exclaimed.  SB were the next letters in the code.  SB for sideboard.  Also made sense.  There was only one letter left in the code and that was the letter P.  What could that mean?  "P."   I looked to the right and to the left of the sideboard but saw nothing that made any sense at all.  I felt around the edges with my hand hoping to perhaps discover a lever or something that would open up a secret pocket of some sort.  Nothing.  Everything was tight.  "What the hell could P stand for?"  I was so close.  I had to figure it out.  It was the last letter, for God's sake!  I studied the sideboard further and its curved wood frame around the back mirror.  The frame had intricate carvings all around it.  Carvings of various pieces of fruit.   A fruit maybe.  "Pineapple… plum… pear!"  Yes, there was a pear.  Maybe that was it.  Maybe the P stood for the pear.
I reached out and began feeling the pear's carving.  It was slightly lose.  That was interesting.  Not too lose but I could tell it was not carved into the frame itself as the other fruits were but was attached to it as a separate piece.  At least, that's what it appeared to be to me.  To my surprise, the pear moved easily when I turned it and within seconds, I was pulling it out of its peg-hole placement.  Once out, to my further astonishment, buried in the hole was a crumpled up piece of paper.  I poked my finger into the hole and coaxed the paper forward until it fell out into my hand.  Could the pearl be wrapped in the paper, I wondered?  Surely not.  The pearl was bigger than that.  I unfolded the paper and to my dismay, written on it was nothing but a poem.  Oh, no! I said to myself.  Only a clue.  Some sort of riddle!  I stood there reading the poem out loud:
"In misty fields lie souls of soldiers deep,
Whilst sixteen columns guard their blissful sleep;
From one, one hundred paces north by west,
This rare and precious jewel shall ever rest;
From one so high entrusts its source to keep,
For in her heart forever doth she weep."
I stood there in silence pondering the meaning of the poem and knew it told of the pearl's location but in riddle. Aa clue now in the form of a 19th century-style poem.  How clever of Du Pont, though, I thought.  How terribly clever.  A fitting clue, for sure.
Suddenly, I felt the cold, steel barrel of a pistol shoved against the back of my neck.  I froze immediately.
"I'll take that," said an unmistakable voice.  It was Gaudreaux speaking to me from behind.  He must have sneaked up into the house without my seeing him.  He must have entered through the parlor and circled around behind without my noticing and come into the dining room through the second set of pocket doors separating those two rooms.  And now, he was pressing a lethal weapon against the back of my skull and demanding I hand over the final clue to this unfathomable mystery.  I did this immediately, of course, handing the crumpled piece of paper back over my shoulder.  He snatched the paper out of my fingers then stepped back.  I then slowly and carefully turned around.
"You didn't have to do that," I said chastising him.  "I would have turned the poem over to you anyway.  After all, I've been paid to solve this damn mystery for you.  Why wouldn't I carry through with that now?"
"I can't afford to take any chances at this point," Gaudreaux told me.  "I'm too close to discovering the location of the pearl.  And besides, my dear boy, I really don't need you anymore."
"Oh, that's convenient of you," I said sarcastically.  "You sure you can take care of things from here on?"
"There's no doubt about it.  The poem is quite clear.  I understand it fully."
"I see."  I knew he was probably right.  He knew New Orleans better than anyone, especially the history of it.  The poem would have made perfect sense to him although it was still a mystery to me.  "Did you kill John Paul?" I asked quite direct.
"No."  Then, his eyes narrowed.  I could tell there was more to his answer than he was letting on.
"If not you, then who?"
"It was an accident."
"Accident!" I blurted out.
"Yes.  I went to see him last night.  I was desperate.  I was sure he didn't know anything about the code but maybe he had already discovered the pearl's whereabouts.  After all, Delfino was ill for a long time.  In a delirious state, maybe he had conveyed something to John Paul.  I had to find that out.  I confronted John Paul as he was coming out the back gate of the mansion.  He called me a madman.  He had no right to do that!  I then pulled my pistol on him to force him back into the gate.  I thought he might be more negotiable inside.  But like a fool he grabbed for the pistol.  We struggled.  The pistol went off and he was shot."
"But the police are saying it was a murder execution style."
Gaudreaux shook his head adamantly.  "No, no.  It was not like that.  We struggled with the pistol for a long time and John Paul was fighting me furiously.  He was straining to wrest the pistol out of my hand and his mouth was open at the time.  That's when the pistol went off and the bullet shot him through the mouth.  It was not planned.  It was a freak accident."
"All right, that's possible.  What about Stumps?"
"What about him?"  Gaudreaux seemed surprised I even knew Stumps existed.
"He resigned his position as registrar quite suddenly.  Did you have anything to do with that?"
I could see Gaudreaux's eyes narrowing again.  There was a lot of unanswered questions which I'm sure he knew something about and he was piecing together in his mind just how I came upon this particular one.  "Stumps was a disgusting old queen," Gaudreaux sneered in contempt.  "He had been Du Pont's assistant long before at the Smithsonian and he knew everything.  It was Du Pont who got him the registrar job in the first place and he was nothing but Du Pont's lackey.  He stood in my way of getting to the Du Pont file.  I had to get him out of the way.  I knew of his deplorable behavior… of cheating on his wife all those years before she died with those disgusting little urchin boys who dance naked in g-strings on the bar-top at the Corner Pocket off Bourbon.  Paying them to let him feel them up for a couple of filthy dollar bills.  I threatened to out him as they call it if he didn't tell me everything he knew.  Everything that was in the file"
"And did he?"
"No," Gaudreaux replied with bitterness in his voice.  "He went to Barbeau instead and told him everything I had demanded."
"Etienne Barbeau!  The museum director!"
"Yes.  Then, after Barbeau's…" Gaudreaux stopped just before saying the word murder.  "…after Barbeau… Stumps resigned his position and left for Spain."
"Where he committed suicide."
"That's right.  A fitting end for a despicable life."
Despicable life! I repeated to myself.  Was anything more despicable than Gaudreaux himself, I wondered?  "So Barbeau then confronted you about it?"
"Yes.  The night of the gala.  He told me it was unacceptable behavior on my part.  Can you believe him talking to me like that as if he had some authority over me?  He called me reprehensible.  He told me he would do everything in his power to have me thrown off the Friends of the Cabildo board and that he was barring me from the Cabildo's premises from that moment on."
"So you then waited until everyone left the Cabildo that night…"
"Yes."  Gaudreaux was becoming excited just telling me about it.  "I overheard Etienne tell one of the guards he was staying late for some paperwork and that he would turn on the alarm system of the building himself when he left.  So I hid in a back room until later.  Much later.  Long after everyone else had left, all the guests, the staff, the security.  I waited for Etienne on the second floor landing."
"At the top of the grand staircase," I said visualizing it all in my mind.
"When he came down from the offices, he was stunned to find me there, of course.  We had words again.  Harsh words.  Even harsher than before.  He threatened to summon security.  When he turned to descend the stairs, I produced a carving knife I had taken from one of the buffet tables earlier and I stabbed him in the back."
"Three times," I pointed out.  "Three different times."
"Yes," Gaudreaux said with almost a gleam in his eyes.  "It had to be done.  It was the only way to get rid of him at that point.  I had to do it.  It was the only way to continue my pursuit of the pearl.  After that, I was able to get to Du Pont's file and that's how we got to where we are today."
I stood there staring at Gaudreaux in total disbelief.  How could one man be so driven?  How could one man go to such extremes for a single jewel?  And yet this jewel represented everything to Gaudreaux.  It represented his way out.  His way out of his pain, his suffering.  It was his eternal escape.  He was prepared to do anything in his power to accomplish that.  "What are you going to do now?"
"Find the pearl, of course," Gaudreaux said aiming the pistol directly at my face.  "But first, I must dispose of you."
"Me!" I exclaimed in horror.  "Why?"
"Because you know too much.  You know about John Paul, you know about Stumps and now you know everything about Barbeau.  And you would prevent my ultimate possession of the pearl.  I can't let you do that.  I've worked too hard to get to this point.  The pearl means everything to me!  You must know that."  
"Yes."
"And you know everything there is to know about the pearl."  
"That's because you sent me all over the damn creation to discover everything you already knew about it yourself.  Why did you do that?" 
"It was necessary.  Don't you understand that?   I had to find a way to stir action in you, you fool!  To discover the meaning of the code and ultimately the location of the pearl, I knew I had to instill in you a drive that would insure your obsessive determination.  Your burning passion!   You needed that… you needed that to uncover what I had not been able to succeed with myself… the meaning of the code.  I had to create in you a fire that ignited your very soul!"
Damn Gaudreaux.  And he was right.  He was so terribly right.  I had become driven with this mystery, driven beyond reason.  I, whose specialty was 19th century jewels, I alone possessed the passion needed to go to the end in this quest and he knew that right from the start.  Oh, he was brilliant.  I had to admire him for that.  And he chose his victim well.  He masterminded everything beautifully.
"What about the twenty thousand?" I asked.  "I suppose by getting rid of me you won't have to pay that either."
Gaudreaux laughed out loud.  The first laugh I had ever heard come out of him.  "You fool," he said again.  "Do you think a mere twenty thousand would matter to me one way or the other?  The only thing that matters to me is the pearl… possessing it… possessing that precious gem.  That is all that is important to me.  Not a measly twenty thousand dollars.  I spit on it!"
He was still pointing the pistol directly at me.  He hadn't moved an inch since stepping back.  "How are you going to explain shooting me?  They'll hear the pistol go off downstairs and your only escape would be in that direction."
He thought a moment.  I knew he was considering this but I also knew how clever he was.  "Oh, my dear boy," he said with a smirk on his face, "that's easy enough.  I'll just say you pulled a pistol on me to rob me while we were up here alone, a total stranger taking advantage of a defenseless old man.  I'll say we struggled and the pistol went off by accident."
"Just like with John Paul.  You seem to have a taste for that."
"Nonetheless, no one will question it.  And I will at long last have the pearl!"
I noticed a bead of sweat roll down his forehead and into one of his eyes blurring his vision momentarily.  He was laboring to breathe, as well.  What was happening, I wondered?  His face tightened up and I had seen that strained look only once before, in his Garden District mansion when he needed his pills, his heart pills.  I stared at him a moment longer watching as he stepped backwards again.  He was obviously struggling to stay standing.  For a couple of seconds, he closed his eyes in what looked like an effort to shut out the pain.  I lurched forward grabbing for the pistol with my hand.  His grip on it, though, was like glue.  He wouldn't release it.  We struggled fiercely and I was astounded at his renewed strength.   I was ultimately more powerful, though.  He finally released the weapon and staggered backwards farther, this time falling into one of the dining room chairs against the wall.  He grabbed for his chest as he had done before and his face began to turn ashen white.  Oh, My God, I thought to myself, he's having a heart attack!  He's having a goddamned heart attack!
I snatched the note with the poem on it out of his fingers, stuck that and the pistol into my jacket pocket and turned back towards the pocket doors.  I then leapt over the velvet rope, raced off down the corridor, down the circular staircase and into the bookstore below.  The store clerk looked up with utter surprise.
"Call the paramedics!" I shouted.  There's a man upstairs… an old man!  He's having a heart attack!"
I didn't wait for a response.  I headed for the street door and ran out.  From there, I sprinted across the square towards the Cabildo.  I needed to decipher this last clue and maybe Robaire would be able to help.  And as far as Gaudreaux was concerned, there wasn't anything I could do for him more than I had already done.  It was out of my hands.


Chapter Thirty
"I need to see Robaire!" I exclaimed quite out of breath as I hurried up to the visitors' desk in the Cabildo's lobby.
"You have an appointment?" the same fat woman questioned.
"No!  But he'll see me!  It's important!  He'll see me!"
She looked at me apprehensively.  I really couldn't tell if she believed me or not or even if she remembered me from before.  It didn't matter.  I needed to get to Robaire and I needed to get to him as soon as possible."
"Benny," she called to the same black guard nearby.  "Take this man upstairs to Robarie's office.  I'll call and tell him you're on your way up."
The guard gestured towards the stairs and I started up in haste with him following.  Nearing the second floor landing, we encountered Robaire hurrying down from above.  "Mr. Bennington!" Robaire said in his usual jovial voice.
"Yes, Mr. Robaire.  Thank you for seeing me again."
"No problem."  Then Robaire motioned to the guard that everything was all right and the guard turned and left.  "Come on up.  What's going on?"
"Is there a battlefield around here?"
"A battlefield!  You mean, like a Civil War battlefield?" Robaire posed.  
"Any kind of battlefield."  We were heading up to the third floor now.
"Yes.  The Chalmette Battlefield.  Not the Civil War, though.  That's where the Battle of New Orleans was fought.  It's about seven miles east of here."
"That could be it.  I'm looking for a battlefield.  Is there a plantation house there?  Something with columns around it?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact, there is.  The Malus-Beauregard House.  It's not a plantation house, though.  It's a mid-19th century country house.  Nothing to do with the battlefield at all.  As a matter of fact, it was built a good seventeen years after the battle took place."
"Doesn't matter.  But that name is familiar."
We had finally reached the third floor landing and Robaire stopped.
"Oh, Beauregard.  Yes." He interjected instantly.
"No, no… Malus.  I've seen that name before.  I think in the file.  In Du Pont's file.  Could I trouble you to let me take another look at it… the file I mean?"
"Of course, Mr. Bennington.  Let's go back into my office.  I'll get the file out for you again."
Minutes later, I was sitting at the same library table in Robaire's outer office going through the file.  I came to the personal letters written to the baroness and searched through them until I located the one from a Mrs. Malus.  It read:
Chalmette, July 2nd, 1845
My dear, dear Baroness Pontalba,
Word has it you have returned to New Orleans from your two-year stay in Paris and I trust your journey was a pleasant one.  I, myself, never liked the sea.  It continually upset me.
I have missed seeing you so terribly, your Sunday afternoon visits here at my humble country house, our walks together through my fruit and flower gardens and our long, intimate conversations beneath the oaks and magnolia trees.  It has been too long.
You must find time to visit now that the summer months are here.  I am anxious to learn all about your adventures abroad in that exciting city.  My life here is anything but.  However, there is peace in solitude and that is enough for me.
I know how very busy you are and one has described to me the reconstruction of the Place d'Armes which you have ordered and are here to supervise the completion of.  It all sounds so magnificent.
Until your visit to Chalmette, I will think only the kindest thoughts for you and look forward to the moment we will see each other again,
Your dear friend and confidant,
Madeline Paneteir Malus

So, I pondered, this Mrs. Malus was a friend, a very good friend of the baroness.  And in Chalmette is where Du Pont chose to leave the pearl, make its final resting place.  That made sense.  The Cabildo would never have been safe enough.  Too risky.  The 1850 house, no real place for it.  Only a place to leave a clue.  He was so clever, Du Pont.  This Malus-Beauregard House.  I had to get there.
I returned the file to Robaire and he told me where I could find the battlefield easy enough.  He told me to go straight out St. Claude.  I knew that thoroughfare, of course.  It was just above The Phoenix Bar.  Rampart became St. Claude I remembered, and according to Robaire, St. Claude eventually became St. Bernard Highway farther east.  About seven miles out, there would be an historical marker, actually a billboard of some sort indicating where the battlefield was located.
I hurried down the third floor stairs and out to the second floor glassed-in verandah that overlooked the square.  I could see a paramedics vehicle outside the Lower Pontalba Building down to the left.  Its red lights were flashing but it wasn't moving.  It was just lingering there.  Maybe they were still reviving Gaudreaux.
I continued on down the grand staircase to the lobby floor and then outside to the front of the building.  I jogged across towards the 1850 House just as the paramedics vehicle was pulling away.  A small crowd had gathered outside.  
"What happened?" I asked a man standing in the crowd.
"Some old guy had a heart attack… inside the bookstore, I guess."
"Is he okay?"
"Doubt it" the man told me.  "They carried him out in a body bag."
The hair stood up on the back of my neck.  A body bag!  Ol' Gaudreaux gone.  He never made it.  Well, I'm sorry for him, I thought.  He was only following his heart.  His bleeding heart and in the end that was what did him in anyway, his weak heart I mean.  Strange coincidence, I thought to myself.
From there, I walked up to Decatur and grabbed a taxi.  "There's a rental car agency up on Canal," I said to the driver.  "I saw it the other day.  Can you take me there?"
"Sure," the driver replied.  "I know where it is."
As the taxi pulled away into traffic, I took a deep breath then sighed heavily.  So many deaths in this little game.  Was it all worth it, I asked myself?  I didn't mean was the pearl worth it.  That was never a question in my mind.  But was it all worth what I had gone through?  It had taken its toll on me, for sure.  I was older, I felt.  Older but wiser, as the cliché goes.  And I was also a better man for it.  It had such profound purpose and I had been so honored to be a part of it all.
In less than half an hour, I was speeding along St. Claude in the rental car due east and eventually, just as Robaire had promised, I was now heading out St. Bernard Highway towards Chalmette.  Within a short while, I noticed the historical marker up ahead.  It was a dark brown billboard and indicated the Chalmette Battlefield was to the right just over the railroad tracks.
I turned in, crossed the tracks and entered the park gates.  It was a long, straight drive from there into the park and I could see the tall obelisk ahead reminiscent of the Washington Monument only on a smaller scale commemorating the legendary battle.  The last great battle of the War of 1812 and the final one to settle any further claims the British may have had in the new world.  At least, in the territories of direct interest to the United States.  After that, our glorious nation evolved.  I parked in the lot for visitors and stepped out.  Right away, I could see the Malus-Beauregard House some distance away.  It looked large, at least from that perspective.
What a magnificent structure, though, a combination of Louisiana Creole and Greek revival style.  It was perhaps the most beautiful house of that configuration I think I had seen so far.  Majestic in its presence.  Perfection in balance, I thought.  It stood alone in the middle of a grassy field, one that led to an expansive one facing it and the location of the battle itself.  Remnants of the old ramparts the Americans had used to block the British onslaught lined one side of the larger field with vintage-era cannons placed along it.  But the house stood proudly as the battlefield's protector, its rear backed up against the levee along the mighty Mississippi, its facade open to a gorgeous, unobstructed battlefield view.
I walked out onto the grassy lawn before the house and stood there staring up at it in awe.  I then pulled the piece of paper out of my pocket and read the poem once more out loud:
"In misty fields the souls of soldiers deep,
Those brave men who fought to the death to protect this terrain, this hallowed ground.
"Whilst sixteen columns guard their blissful sleep;
And there were sixteen.  Eight aft and eight fore.  Monumental columns in size that seemed to dwarf the house itself.  Proud and noble guardians of the sacred souls.
"From one, one hundred paces north by west,
I looked around me.  From one, that would be from one of the columns, but which one?  The poem didn't say.  Du Pont was so clever again.  Clever not to have given that crucial clue away.  It could be any one of the columns, really, at least those to the fore.  And one hundred paces north by west could mean just about anywhere out there, anywhere in that grassy turf.  The possibilities were infinite, really.  
"This rare and precious jewel shall ever rest;
Yes, ever rest.  Du Pont was right.  It would rest forever there.  It had to rest forever there.
"From one so high entrusts its source to keep,
For in her heart forever doth she weep."
I sat down on the grass.  Really I had to.  I had truly lost my ability for standing.  The thought of it all was overwhelming.  I lay then on my back and stared up at the sky.  The white cumulus clouds were coming in off the Gulf and passing overhead across the pale robin's-egg blue of the heavens above me.
"Yes, Your Imperial Majesty," I whispered aloud.  "Your secret is safe with me.  Just as it had been safe with the marquis, safe with the baroness and safe with Du Pont.  All three chevaliers at your service, brave knights if you will.  I, then, am the fourth in your service and I do swear upon this day, upon my life to guard Your Imperial Majesty's  secret forever."
It had to be this way.  Too much had transpired in the nearly two hundred years since the empress' death to let anyone, and especially one desperate, selfish little man with a pitiful broken heart, gain possession of this most precious jewel, this pearl of tears in the eyes of the empress who had so fervently cherished it, to utilize it for his own self-serving gain.  Not on my watch.  "No, Your Imperial Majesty.  Never!"  
And so it was.  The pearl of tears would forever rest in peace.





Read the two other novels in The Jewel Trilogy:

CARLOTA’S LEGACY
This modern-day adventure−rooted in a rich, historical past−has young and accomplished art historian Michael Bennington approached at a New York jewelry auction by a pleasant enough couple from Belgium, nobility actually, who wish to engage him in a curious assignment.  He must track down the whereabouts of a priceless diamond and ruby necklace the couple thought they owned, but after having theirs appraised, discovered it was only a cut-glass fake.  Michael accepts the assignment with a heightened passion—his specialty is 19th century jewels—and he’s off to Mexico City where the real necklace originated.  From there he traces its path to Los Angeles, New York, St. Petersburg and Paris then ends up in Brussels for a harrowing life-and-death finale.  The quirky former owners of the artifact are all beyond belief but historically accurate nonetheless and their exotic and lurid pasts both astound and captivate.  Carlota’s Legacy continues the entertaining exploits of the likable Bennington character.
And,
THE BROTHERHOOD WARS
This modern-day adventure, the final mystery in The Jewel Trilogy, has young and accomplished art historian Michael Bennington off this time to Florence to view the famed recently-rediscovered Florentine Diamond and finds himself in yet another thrilling pursuit, this time for a legendary ceremonial sword purported to have belonged to the Emperor Charlemagne.  This curious assignment leads Bennington to Germany, and along with a vivacious young co-accomplice named Sabina, he tracks the artifact’s whereabouts first to Munich and Berlin then to Amsterdam on behalf of a 600-year-old secret organization with its roots in the Holy Roman Empire.  The two at last arrive at the Louvre in Paris for a life and death finale sure to thrill mystery buffs everywhere and satisfy the thirsts of art enthusiasts, as well, as only Bennington’s escapades can do.
View the books' official website:
http://arthistorymysteries.blogspot.com/
Claude Brickell's art blog:
http://claudebrickellsartblogforsmartphones.blogspot.com/
