
Death by Chocolate
A Dessert First Cozy Mystery

by Carol Lee

Copyright 2013 © Carol Lee
Smashwords Edition





All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2013 Carol Lee

No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the author and/or publisher. No part of this publication may be sold or hired, without written permission from the author. 


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are a product of the writer’s imagination and / or have been used fictitiously in such a fashion it is not meant to serve the reader as actual fact and should not be considered as actual fact. Any resemblance to actual events, or persons, living or dead, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.

Visit my website at: https://www.facebook.com/CarolLeeAuthor 



 

CHAPTER 1

The incessant buzzing of the alarm finally tore me from my dreams. I pulled on the jeans from the pile of clean, but as yet, unfolded clothes and snagged one of the Dessert First t-shirts from the box. I had fifty printed, but they hadn’t been a big seller in the first few months of business, so rather than store them at the bakery, I took them home. It did make choosing something to wear for work much easier. 
After brushing my long hair and twirling it into a braid, I went into the kitchen, poured a packet of instant oatmeal into the mug, added water and put it into the microwave. It made me laugh that the owner of a bakery, who makes yummy treats for a living, never cooked breakfast, or any meal for that matter. The cinnamon oatmeal made the kitchen smell good and I quickly spooned the hot lumps into my mouth when I realized that it was after 4 am already. I put the mug in the sink and grabbed my coat. One perk of living in a small town was that you were close to everything. 
Seven minutes of walking later, I turned the old-fashioned key in the lock and the click echoed along the silent Main Street. At 4:15 in the morning, the sleepy little town of Fish Creek Falls had even less going on than usual. The waterfall and small stream that named the town seemed hushed on this early fall morning. I just stood for a minute enjoying the bright moon and crisp air. Moving here had been a good choice after the divorce. It’d been a fresh start all the way around. Getting away from the city to a small town that even had fresh air helped to clear my lungs and my head from all of the complications of city life and ending a relationship. I took another deep breath and fingered the letters: Myra Bailey, Owner. The door to my dream bakery; it was solid and a reality. I smiled and went inside to start the day.
Inside the tiny shop, I hung up my coat, washed my hands and got busy filling the urns with water for the morning’s coffee: regular, decaf and French Vanilla. Then I grabbed the chopped apples, blueberries, cranberries, milk and eggs from the huge refrigerator and slipped my now much-worn apron over my head. Flipping the dark braid onto my shoulder, I smoothed the chocolate cake logo on the apron. 
“Today, I think I’ll make four Death by Chocolate cakes,” I announced to the empty bakery. 
 The big oven groaned to life as I began mixing batters and cutting scones. I loved everything about baking. Making a variety of baked goods kept things interesting, but making the old standbys held a certain satisfaction, as well.
Not only had the Death by Chocolate been my signature baked item, but it had become the single offering that made Barbara’s Brilliance bakery customers beat a path right to my shop because of the great chocolate cake. Barbara’s Brilliance had been in business for nearly twenty years as the sole bakery in the town. My Dessert First presented the first competition that she had ever had. The Death by Chocolate had given me a customer base to start with and now, since I’ve lived in the town awhile, people also knew me and that helped too, I thought.
At five o’clock, I switched the first urns and popped the batches of muffins in the oven. Along with the muffins, I tossed in some scones, turnovers and assorted breads and rolls. By the time I punched down a batch of bread dough, the coffee wafted through the air and mingled satisfyingly with the homey smells of the baked goods. Then I cleaned up the prep area and washed my hands, brushed flour from my apron and went to turn on the computer/cash register. I counted the few dollars in it and shut the drawer. It made the familiar beep to signal it had woken up and stood ready to work. Finally, I mixed the bleach water and wiped the counter down. I noticed that the card holder held no more cards. 
Wow, those went fast! Thanks, Lizzie, I thought, making a mental note to thank her the next time I saw her. Lizzie, my closest friend since college had suggested that I make some cards that offered recipes on them that could double as business cards. I had been doing it, but the first cards didn’t disappear like this batch did. 
I guess this town is sweet on chocolate, I thought. The molten chocolate cake recipe had disappeared in only a few days. I needed to make more cards. I went to the cluttered desk that I’d tucked into the corner behind the counter and scribbled a note. I stuck it right on the computer screen that scrolled the bakery name in circles as a screen saver. Dessert First. I loved that name. As a kid, I’d always teased to have dessert before dinner. My mother had never gone for it because she didn’t especially like sweets, but I thought that if she were around today, she’d get a kick out of the name anyway. I looked up at the clock and smiled at a picture of mom hanging near it. It reminded me to put on the hot water for tea.
Right, Mom, hot water for tea. I went and put on the enormous kettle for the tea drinkers in town.
Though I’d been keeping a steady pace while doing the opening prep, I liked that I didn’t have to really rush. The shop had been open for about four months and had been doing very well. The true “rush” in the tiny town, however, still belonged to Barbara’s Brilliance down the street. 
Just then the door opened and in walked the first customer of the day. Willie, a handyman who traveled wherever his work took him came into the shop wearing paint-stained clothes and his signature blue bandanna on his head. A bit of red hair poked out from under it.
“Any muffins this morning, Miss Myra?”
“Morning Willie. Sure, berry or apple. What’s the winner today?”
“An apple and a vat of coffee this morning,” he patted a worn-looking thermos.
“A vat? Sounds like you have a long day ahead and off to an early start, too.” 
“I do, gotta, um, get going.” He put his head down and reached into his pocket. I noticed his sleeve had a brownish stain that reminded me of chocolate cake as he handed me the five dollar bill. 
“It’s three with only one muffin,” I said and tried to hand his change back. He waved me off and rushed out the door. 
“He’s acting a bit weird this morning,” I said to the empty shop.
Barely five minutes passed and my second customer came through the door. The tall man sported a tweed jacket that showed a hint of the well-defined muscles beneath and a dark tie. He had a slightly shadowed look from an unshaven face.
“Hi Green Eyes, what’s cooking?” Detective David Bentley asked.
Suddenly, it had gotten really warm in the bakery. I took a breath before turning to the counter.
“Don’t you mean baking, Detective?” I couldn’t keep my smile contained.
“Maybe, but it ruins my line that way,” he smiled and his icy blue eyes fixed on me.
“What can I get for you this morning?” I asked clearing my throat and trying to stop smiling. I wiped my hands casually on my apron hoping he wouldn’t know that my hands were sweaty. Get a grip, you’re not twelve, I told myself.
“How about something different; I’ll have French Vanilla today.” 
“You always have French Vanilla. Only cream right?” 
“Yup, don’t need to be any sweeter,” he said as he adjusted the volume on his radio.
I put the lid on the cup and handed it to him. 
“So, we’ve been neighbors for nearly what – three months or so?” he asked as he handed me cash for the coffee.
“Four months and six days, give or take,” I blurted, immediately wishing I hadn’t been counting.
“Well, since we’re old friends, I think we should have dinner tomorrow. You’re free right? Great, I’ll swing by your house at 7.” 
With that, he turned and left before I could even get a word formed to say yes or no. I had a date. I smoothed the apron, took a deep breath and tried to wipe the dopey smile off my face. No use, I thought and went to get my phone to text Lizzie.
The door opened a third time and in came Rachel Anderson, the owner of the best and only clothing shop in town. She had a royal purple cape on this morning with an apple green and sky blue silk scarf. Her knee-high black boots and cream leggings rounded out the outfit. At nearly six feet tall, she was quite a presence. I straightened and stood a bit taller as I waited on her.
“Good morning, Rachel.” 
“Dahling Myra, what is delicious this morning?”
“Everything, of course,” I added with a small chuckle and a wave over the case.
“Well, how about a cup of Earl and one of your exquisite orange scones.”
“As you wish.” 
“Thanks ever so much. You know, last night I talked with Barbara at the theater and told her how much I just loved your scones. She doesn’t make them, you know. She did point out that she has a larger menu than your little shop here and that makes you both able to coexist in town. Then I had the best chat with Mark about his next season’s shows. You know, I am a season ticket holder at the theater and do you know what I found out last night? That you two had some history in college. Well, I know it must’ve been ages ago, but I thought maybe you might join me for a little get-together tomorrow night. I’ve invited simply everyone and since you and Mark haven’t had much time to catch up, I thought it might be nice…”
“Here you are,” I interrupted pretending to not hear the invitation or the dig about my age. I guess nearly twenty-five years is ages, but I didn’t need to be reminded.
The door opened again and in walked Mark Corner, owner of the theater in town. His thin and wiry body clad in a dark blue running clothes and neon vest made him look oddly like a street sign.
“Good morning,” I said.
“Oh Mark, dahling, I have just been telling Myra about my little soiree and how nice it will be for you two to catch up. When I told Cynthia, you know the Mayor’s wife, that you might have been the one to bring Myra to our little town, she simply couldn’t contain herself. You know how she can be with news about people in town.” She dropped her voice to a whisper, “She’s a bit of a gossip, you know.”
“Morning, Bailey. How’s business? Can I get a bottle of water?” he said simply, ignoring her. Mark had seemed really anxious lately about how the bakery competed with Barbara’s. 
“Hi Mark. Pretty steady, thanks. Just the water?” 
“Yup, forgot mine this morning and I want to get an early run in,” he wiped a bit of sweat from his forehead and looked at Rachel who seemed to be staring at one and then the other of us. While Mark had made a point to stop in to see me from time to time, he still gave Barbara his morning business and he had her cater all cast parties and other theater events. It seemed a bit weird for him to come in this early instead of going to Barbara’s.
“That’s just a dollar for the water,” I said.
He fumbled with a zippered pocket in his vest and handed me a damp five. Rachel fished in her cape and came out with cash and handed it to me, as well. I moved to the register for some change.
“So, I can expect you both, then?” Rachel asked as I gave her the change.
“I’m sorry Rachel, but I have plans for tomorrow evening. Another time, perhaps,” I said as sweetly as I could. I tried to quell the smile at the thought of my date.
He took the change and he stared at me. His expression seemed slightly angry or maybe it was just curious? I felt a little uncomfortable as, lately, he’d seemed more like the old Mark. My smile faded. Mark and I had dated in college for about a year, but it ended when he started a fight at his fraternity after another frat brother poured me a drink. He’d gotten completely out of control. Years later, we’d bumped into each other again in the city and had coffee. He seemed more mature, calm, and together and even focused. He’d just bought the theater here in Fish Creek Falls and brimmed with plans for movie nights, plays and community events. I’d been added to his newsletters and Facebook pages so when he found out about my split with Rick, he’d told me about the building waiting to become my bakery. He’d turned out to be a good friend.
“Oh, well, Mark dahling, I’ll see you there, then, TTFN!” She swooped out the door.
“So you’re escaping the festivities tomorrow? Something fun planned?” 
“Yeah, you’ll just have to hang out with all the cool people without me,” I avoided the question about plans. Somehow, it felt odd to tell him that I had a date.
My phone buzzed, probably with the reply text from Lizzie. I glanced in the phone’s direction, but stayed at the counter to not be rude.
“Go ahead,” he said and winked. “I’m gonna hit the road. It could be about your plans for tomorrow.”
Once he closed the door, I grabbed my phone and read the text. It was from Lizzie: Be over in 10.
I texted: K, and hit send as the shop door opened again and I heard the jingle bells of Lizzie’s phone and looking up I saw her red beret and white coat as she bounced over to the counter, looked quickly around and then leaned on it. Lizzie loved to shop and I knew the white coat looked new.
“So, I want to hear ev-er-y-thing about Detective Hunky. I can’t believe you scooped him before I did. I’ve been single much longer than you. Well? Details,” she took a breath.
“New coat? It’s nice,” I said with a smile.
“Ugh, really? Yes, it’s new, so tell me.”
“There’s not much to tell. He asked me to dinner tomorrow night and I couldn’t speak, so he thought I agreed,” I grabbed the rag from the bleach water and wiped down the counter again. 
“You said nothing? How could you not say anything? Did he say where you’re going? Seriously, MB, you are killing me here.”
Before I could answer, the door opened again and in came the other half of the town’s detective squad, Peter Lynch, the district attorney, Abe Redmond and his wife Millie, the secretary to the mayor. While I loved having more people come into the shop, these three had only come in for the grand opening to check things out. They had been solid patrons of Barbara’s.
“Morning everyone,” I said in a cheerful voice. Lizzie stepped aside to let them order.
“Good morning, Ms. Bailey,” Abe said cordially.
Millie smiled and nodded as she looked over the scones. Peter just stared. He, among all of the people that I’d met, had been the most difficult to get to know. Since he’d grown up here, I’d guessed he just didn’t like strangers, or maybe he just didn’t like me for some reason.
“I think I’ll have a scone and a small decaf with just cream,” Millie said quietly.
I nodded and looked at the gentlemen. Since neither spoke, I fixed her coffee.
“Just a black coffee for me,” Peter mumbled.
“I’ll have a French Vanilla with cream and sugar,” Abe said. “I didn’t know you had flavored coffee, Ms. Bailey.”
“I usually have French Vanilla and sometimes I add another flavor. Call me Myra.” 
“Well Myra,” Abe said, “I think I’m glad that Barbara’s was opening late this morning,” he handed me a twenty and gestured to all of the items on the counter. 
“Why is it closed?” Lizzie asked.
“The note on the door said that she had an appointment this morning and would open at lunchtime,” Millie answered in her hushed voice.
I smiled at the small town way of doing business as I rang up the sale. Handwritten notes sufficed.
“Thank you very much. I hope to see you again,” I said as I handed the change back to Abe. He gave the fifty-three cents back to me. Small town.
“Have a nice day,” Abe said and the three filed out.
“Cheerful crowd, huh?” Lizzie commented.
“Yeah, but it’s weird that Barbara is closed. Why didn’t she have Ron open for her?” Ron, Barbara’s ex-husband, had just come back to town. He’d been in prison for insurance fraud. He’d been helping Barbara out, or maybe she’d been helping him out by letting him work with her.
“No idea, but it’s good for you, right?”
“It is,” I smiled.
The morning passed quickly because there were more of Barbara’s customers that came in and Lizzie even helped a few times before she headed out to work. By lunchtime, things had calmed down and I put the last of the Death by Chocolate cakes in the case, put on a batch of rolls and made a few loaves of bread. I sat down at the desk for the first time around two during a lull, checked email and browsed through my recipes for the next business card offering. The siren startled me since I’d really only heard them during a parade in town. When I heard a second one, I went outside to see what had happened. I could see a crowd forming and an ambulance, police car and the fire rescue truck, but I couldn’t tell exactly which shop they were going to down there.
I grabbed my coat, locked the shop and went down the road to join the crowd. When I got there, I realized that they were all gathered around Barbara’s Brilliance. The door hung only by the bottom hinge at a crazy angle and the gurney from the ambulance blocked the doorway. I could see movement inside, but the large lettering on the window made it tough to make out how many people were inside.
“What happened,” I asked of no one in particular.
“It’s Barbara.” Someone answered. “I think she’s dead.”
I swallowed hard. How could she be? I saw her just the other day at the Main Street Merchants meeting. We’d joked about having a bake off to see whose apple pie tasted better. I been told she’d had an appointment this morning. Had she been ill, I wondered.
“Step back, folks,” David said in a very official voice.
The crowd milled around a bit, but didn’t really move all that much. Then questions started erupting. “What happened?” “She’s gonna be alright, won’t she?” “Did anyone call her husband?” “Is she dead?” “What’s going on, Dave?”
The last question came from Abe Redmond.
“Not sure yet, we’re still processing the scene. Want to come inside and we’ll brief you on what we know at this point?” 
The crowd stayed eerily quiet at the interchange and then the gurney got pushed out of the bakery and the hush continued. White sheets covered the figure on the stretcher, but there could be no doubt that it held a lifeless body. I stared like everyone else. Stunned and a bit shaken. 
“Give us some room,” called Peter Lynch and the startled crowd parted.
Backing up myself, I caught Peter staring at me. I felt really uneasy by the piercing look he gave me, but then he looked away and scanned the crowd. He looked as though he was taking a head count or attendance. With that, David came out, also interested in the spectators. He saw me and came over.
“What are you doing here?”
“I heard the sirens and came to find out what was going on.”
“Okay folks,” he bellowed. “Let’s get going. Show’s over.” Then he took my elbow. Lightning shot through my body.
“Listen, go back to your shop and stay there. I’ll be over as soon as I can. Don’t talk to anyone until I get there,” he said quietly.
Dumbfounded, I walked back to the shop and fumbled with the lock to get inside. I thought about placing the closed sign on the door, but then I didn’t. Don’t talk to anyone? Why? What’s going on? I wondered.
A few minutes later, the door opened and in strode David. His expression seemed intense and worried. 
“Green Eyes, what time did you get here to open this morning?” he asked as he leaned toward me over the counter.
“Same time as usual, about 4:15.” I backed away a step. “Why?” My legs felt numb and wobbly.
“Did you see anyone or talk to anyone?”
“No.” The full weight of what he asked hit me and I felt dizzy. “You’re asking me for an alibi. How did Barbara die?”
“You tell me,” he said looking at the counter.
“What? David. What is going on?”
“Okay, Barbara didn’t die of natural causes. I can’t tell you any of the details, but Myra, you are the main suspect.”
“Are you kidding? Me? Why on earth would I be a suspect?” Becoming indignant actually helped me to chase the shock away, but I tried to keep myself under control.
“I wish I was joking, but Barbara was murdered this morning between three and four and one of your recipe cards turned up under the body.”
“No. It’s not possible. You can’t think it was me. David, say you don’t think I had anything to do with it.”
He looked at me directly with his piercing eyes and I stared back, pleading with mine, for him to believe me. Tears started to well up, but I sniffed them back.
“I don’t think you did, but Peter and friends think your motive is pretty strong and will be coming to question you soon. That’s why I wanted to talk to you before that all happened so you could be prepared.”
“Prepared? You’re preparing me by accusing me of murder?” My heart raced. 
“Hey, try and calm down. I wanted to talk to you about it before the others. I thought somehow it might be easier for you to hear it from, a—a friend.”
I stepped back to the counter, took a deep breath and reached for his hand. 
“Thanks, friend.” 
“Look, I don’t think that they can convict you on a recipe card at the scene, but I won’t lie, the investigation won’t be easy to take and in this town, perception is sometimes more powerful than reality.”
“You’re saying that I’m not just a suspect; I am THE suspect, aren’t you?”
He just stared at me.
“This is insane. They’re going to make the case fit me? I’m going to be framed for murder?”
“No, of course not, but you should have a good lawyer in your corner. I’d call Brian Cahill over in Caraway. He’s a good man and he grew up here.”
“I need you to tell me more about what happened.”
“I can’t right now. I need to get back to the station. I’ll swing by later. Just keep your head down, okay?”
“I’m going to prove to you, and everyone in this town, that I had nothing to do with this.”
He smiled for the first time since he’d come in and said, “That’s the spirit, Green Eyes.”
I grabbed my phone. I had to call Lizzie and tell her what happened. 
***
I called Lizzie’s cell, but she didn’t pick up. I hung up because I had no idea how to actually leave a voicemail that said I had been accused of murder. I texted her “911” and waited for the phone to ring.
“What’s up?” Lizzie asked in a distracted voice. As an accountant, she needed to concentrate on adding or balancing or whatnot which is why she usually didn’t answer calls on her cell while working.
“Can you come to the bakery, like right now?” I asked, fighting tears.
“What happened? Are you okay?”
“Barbara, Barbara’s dead and—”
“She’s what? Are you serious? How? What happened?”
“Lizzie, they think I killed her,” I blurted before she could fire any more questions.
“No way! How could they think that you could? I’m there in five.”
I sat at the desk and zoned out. I couldn’t think. Then reality struck. A burning smell seemed to suddenly fill the shop. I leapt up and grabbed pot holders. When I opened the oven, I saw the charred rolls and fanned the smoke away as I snatched them from the oven and set them on the small counter next to it. 
I opened the back door to get the smell out and the front door opened.
 “Lizzie?” I waved some more as I plopped the pot holders down before stepping back to the counter. 
“Ms. Bailey. Can I talk to you for a minute,” Peter Lynch and a uniformed officer who I didn’t know by name stood at the counter.
“Of course, Detective.” 
“I wanted to speak with you about the unfortunate situation from this morning.”
I waited for him to say more.
“Well, it seems that Ms. Simpson died under suspicious circumstances. She was murdered.” He stared at me.
I swallowed hard and tried to keep myself calm. Just look innocent, I told myself. Whatever that means, I thought.
“I’m sorry to hear that. Poor Barbara,” I said fighting tears again.
The door opened and Lizzie rushed inside.
“MB, I can’t believe that—“she stopped when she saw Peter and the cop at the counter with me.
“Well, Ms. Stevens. It seems you have heard about the terrible situation this morning.”
“Yes, um, I did. Hi Detective Lynch. Don’t let me interrupt your order.” 
“I’m not here for coffee,” he snapped and looked back at me.
“Where were you this morning between two and five, ma’am?” 
That’s longer than David said, I thought.
“I was at home until about four and then I walked here to get things ready to open.”
“Were you alone the whole time? Did you see anyone while you were walking here?”
“No one is ever out at that hour of the morning, except the trash guys,” I looked at Lizzie who now looked as angry as she did when Rick told the judge that he’d paid for my education. He’d bought books for one class when I was in graduate school. Her face flushed and her arms were crossed tightly across her chest.
“You didn’t answer the question, Ms. Bailey.” 
“Yes, I was alone the whole time and I saw no one anywhere this morning. Why are you asking me this?” I knew the answer, but I just wanted to make him say it out loud.
“Well, we’re looking into her death and have to ask everyone to find out what happened.”
“So you’re asking everyone if they had an alibi for this morning, then?” Lizzie spoke up. “Well, Detective, I live alone, as well and I didn’t see anyone this morning either, so now you know that both of us have time that is unaccounted for like half the world who slept in this morning. Where were you, just for the record?”
He straightened and the officer stifled a small snicker.
“Be careful, Ms. Stevens. You don’t want to interfere with an official investigation,” he said without looking at her.
“One last thing before we go, Ms. Bailey,” he motioned to the officer and turned to leave. “How has your business been lately?”
“Doing pretty well—its better and better every day.”
“I can see that.” He gestured to the empty shop. “Thank you for your time,” he said and left.
“Ooo, the nerve of that guy,” Lizzie fumed as soon as he had gone.
“I guess it’s true. I’m a suspect,” I said still trying to grasp the whole situation.
“How dare he insinuate that your business is in trouble? That is so uncalled for…I ought to—“
“Don’t you get it? He’s trying to make it my motive for killing Barbara.”
“How’s that?”
“If he can make it seem as though I ‘offed’ the competition to make it here in Fish Creek Falls, then they have motive and since I have no one to vouch for me this morning, they’ll be saying that I also had the opportunity to do it.” I paused. “And they found my molten chocolate cake card under her.”
“Oh.” She came behind the counter and slid into the desk chair. “That’s just rubbish, MB. Even with all that stacked up.”
“I know it and you know it, but that might not be enough.” 
“What about Detective Hunky? He’ll have to believe that you couldn’t do something like that, right?”
“I hope so. He told me to call a lawyer that he knows in Caraway and he said he’d come by tonight when he could.”
“Tonight? That’s great. What will you wear?”
“Really, Lizzie? Clothes? Come on, this is serious.”
“I know, but really there’s no way anyone is ser-i-ous-ly going to think you murdered Barbara, so just try to relax. I’m sure it’ll be fine. You might be on the hot seat for a bit, but then they’ll find the killer and it’ll all blow over,” she sniffed and wrinkled her nose and located the burned rolls. “What’s with the charcoal creations?”
“Oh, rolls that I forgot about when I went to see what all the fuss was about.”
“You went to the scene of the crime? What were you thinking? That’ll make you seem guilty.”
“Now, how would I have known that when I didn’t even know that it was a crime scene?”
“Oh, yeah. Good point. So any likely suspects in the lookie-loos that came out?”
“I’m not sure. Again, I didn’t think about being suspicious at the time to really notice.”
“Well, now is the time to be suspicious because the real killer is out there.”
The door opened and in came four teenage boys. They laughed and shoved each other as they elected one to speak.
“Hi. Do you have any Death cakes today?” The boys collapsed into laughter.
“Sorry, boys. This one is spoken for. Anything else I can get for you?” I answered trying to not lose patience with them. They scrambled out the door erupting again into uncontrolled laughter.
I went to the door, put up the closed sign and sighed as I sat on the edge of the desk next to Lizzie. 
“Apparently, news has spread. Help me clean up and let’s get out of here.”
CHAPTER 2

Lizzie and I cleaned up and were closing at four instead of five. Just as we stepped out the door and I fished for the key, Nancy Flemming, the reporter for the local newspaper came up.
“So, Ms. Bailey. I wondered if you had anything to say about the death of Barbara Simpson today?”
“She has no comment,” Lizzie said quickly and took my arm as she took off at a record-setting pace toward her car. 
Ordinarily, I liked the walk, but today, I felt grateful for the ride. When we arrived at the house, it had just started to get dark and the small solar path lights flickered to life. The neighborhood looked still and just about the same as it had this morning. What a difference twelve hours makes, I thought. 
Inside the house, I went straight to my bedroom, pulled off the jeans and shirt and put on my faded blue robe. I desperately needed a shower. Lizzie went straight to the living room to pick up the cooking magazines and other “clutter” so it looked presentable for David’s visit. I stood in the shower for a long time. The hot water helped me feel my numb limbs again and I started to think about my defense. I felt like I really had nothing to defend because I didn’t do it, but on the other hand, there did seem to be evidence that made me look guilty and I had to do something so that I didn’t wind up on trial for murder. I felt sick suddenly. What if they really did put me on trial? Would the truth come out or would I be sent to prison for a crime that I didn’t commit? When the water cooled off a bit, I got out of the shower, wrapped my hair in a towel and put my robe back on again. I found Lizzie fluffing the huge floor pillow in front of the fireplace. She stopped when I came into the room.
“That’s what you’re wearing? I might’ve chosen something else, like, oh I don’t know—clothes.”
“I’ll get dressed in a minute,” I said and curled up on the couch and grabbed a pillow to hug.
“Hey, don’t let this get to you. You need to whip up a batch of spunk muffins or brave bread or some other concoction and get your butt into gear, lady.”
“You’re right. You’re a good friend. Thanks.”
“Just remember that when this is all over and someone offers you the big book deal for your story or better, yet; just make sure that I play myself in the made for TV movie, alright?”
The knock on the door startled me a little. I looked down at the robe and grabbed the towel off my head. Nearly tripping over the pillow I dropped, I sprinted into the bedroom to get dressed. I heard Lizzie let David in as I ripped the brush through my hair. 
A couple of minutes later, I came out clad in my yoga pants and a clean white t-shirt that apparently met with Lizzie’s approval because she gave me the thumbs up sign as I came into the room.
“Hi David, do you want something to drink? I haven’t been home long, so I’m afraid I don’t have any idea what I have to make for dinner just yet.”
“I’ll go and see what I can dig up,” Lizzie said and disappeared into the kitchen.
“Thanks, nothing right now. I just want to sit for a minute. I can’t stay long. I need to meet Pete at Barbara’s house.”
“Where was Ron this morning?” I asked not really letting him finish his sentence before jumping in.
“He went to his mother’s apparently. That’s where we got a hold of him to tell him the news.”
“What else can you tell me?”
“I’m not supposed to tell you anything, but I’m worried, Green Eyes, that you’re gonna take the fall for this, that’s the way it’s looking.”
“What? The way what’s looking?” Lizzie came in with cheese and crackers on a plate. She nearly dropped it when she heard that.
“Okay. Here it is, Barbara ate a piece of poisoned chocolate cake and the working theory is that you poisoned her to make sure that your business didn’t go under. The thing is, the poisoned cake might be a piece of your Death by Chocolate cake.”
“But how stupid do people think I am to feed her my signature dessert laced with poison and leave it there to be found?”
“Well, you’d be surprised at how criminals forget about details. It usually is how we catch them,” he smiled and his dimples made me lose a bit of my indignance.
“That’s all circumstantial, though. They can’t arrest her for that, can they?”
David sighed and reached for a cracker, “I’ve put together weaker cases before.”
“You’re a big help,” I said.
“I’m just saying, you can see the logic in the case they’re building. Oh, and one of your recipe cards also turned up near her hand.”
“So they think she held onto the card to name me as the killer?”
He shook his head since he had stuffed more crackers and cheese into his mouth.
“Then we need to find the real killer to prove that I am innocent.”
“Okay, Sherlock. What’s the first move?” asked Lizzie.
“Wait a minute,” David cleared his throat from the crackers. “Don’t go meddling in an active investigation or you’ll be charged with obstruction.”
“I’d rather an obstruction charge than a murder rap,” I countered.
“I think we should opt for no charges,” said Lizzie.
David’s cell beeped and he checked it. “I’ve got to go.”
He stood and grabbed a few more crackers and pieces of cheese and moved toward the door. I went with him and Lizzie got very busy with the cheese and crackers. He opened the door and then turned back to me. He leaned down a bit and kissed me. Although surprised, and admittedly a bit out of practice, I kissed him back and for that blissful second, I totally forgot about everything, including the murder. 
“Don’t worry, Green Eyes; I’ll do whatever it takes to catch the real killer.”
I opened my eyes and smiled. “I know you will. Thanks.”
The door swung back gently as he stepped out and it took me a second to actually move from the spot. 
“So that could’ve been a scene from a movie. So romantic,” Lizzie oozed as I walked back to the couch.
In spite of the fact that I had to focus on devising a plan to clear myself, the dopey smile from this morning snuck back out and my thoughts were a bit cloudy. 
“I think it is safe to say that he believes that you are innocent,” she chuckled.
“Will you focus, please?” I tried to make my voice sound stern, but since my smile wouldn’t fade, I couldn’t pull it off effectively.
“Right. Focus,” she echoed.
“First, I need to think about who has bought my Death by Chocolate cakes this week.” A slight pang of regret stabbed at me briefly for naming the dessert that. “Then, we need to figure out who else, besides me, could have a motive for killing Barbara.”
“Okay, but once we figure out who else could have a motive, how are we going to prove that he or she did it?”
“I’m not sure. I guess we’ll figure out the ‘hows’ after we figure out the ‘whos.’ We’ll get whatever we find out to David as soon as we can so that he and Peter can officially investigate everything.”
“Get it to David? I thought it sounded like he would be helping us, too?”
“You heard him about the obstruction thing and he could even be in trouble for talking with us about anything to do with the investigation. No, we need to do this on our own and once we have something solid, we can bring it to him so he can follow up with the official channels.” I picked up the nearly empty plate. “I don’t want to get him into too much trouble for being on my side.”
I went into the kitchen and rinsed the plate. Lizzie followed me and opened the freezer.
“You only have strawberry? What happened to good old fashioned chocolate?”
“I ate it all. The strawberry is leftover from that apple pie I made a couple of weeks ago.”
“Mmm, I remember that meal.” She closed the freezer without taking the ice cream out.
“So, who tops your Death list?” she asked, returning to the issue at hand.
“What?”
“You know, who bought your cake?”
“Willie bought just a piece a couple of days ago. Rachel bought one for her open house for that new scarf line.”
“Okay, so that’s two.”
“Mrs. Ramsey bought one for her dinner party and Mark bought one for something or other and you.” I tried to look as suspicious as possible and I pointed at her.
“So four, altogether?” she asked and swatted my hand away. “That’s not too many to check out. Who do you want to question?”
“I’ll take Willie and Rachel,” I said.
“That leaves me with Mark and Mrs. Ramsey. I’ll switch you Mark for Rachel.”
“You just want an excuse to shop, right?” I watched her slightly sheepish smile form.
“I guess since you are helping me, I could take Mark back, figuratively, of course.”
“Great. It’s settled. I’ll call off from work in the morning and get to Rachel’s as soon as she opens.”
“My two might be harder to track down. Willie came in early this morning before he left for work somewhere so I’m not sure if he’ll even be in town and Mark usually doesn’t come in at all.”
“Then once I track down my two, I’ll swing by and cover the shop, as long as I don’t have to cook anything, while you go and catch up with Mark.”
Suddenly I felt exhausted and yawned. Even though it wasn’t quite eight thirty, I had nothing left. Though Lizzie offered to stay with me, I opted to just crawl into bed and call it a night. Not that I expected to sleep all that much, but I thought I’d give it a try. 
I tried to think about any tiny detail that might be important in figuring out who killed Barbara. What kind of motive would there be, aside from mine, that would make someone kill. Money? Well, Ron would stand to gain because he’d presumably get the business and possibly insurance. Who else? She’d been in business for twenty years and it seemed like everyone in town liked her or at least didn’t dislike her. In a small town, how could there be such big trouble? I had the funny image of a miniature town in my head and the next thing I knew the alarm clock buzzing at 3:30 startled me.
I sat up in bed and the moonlight peeked through the slats in the venetian blinds. I wondered if I should drive to the shop this morning instead of walking. I felt uneasy and even a little unsafe walking to work, even though I’d never given it a second thought before now.
I got dressed and made my usual oatmeal for breakfast. For a baker, it seemed a bit odd, but I’d been eating oatmeal nearly every day all my life and it never really occurred to me to do anything different.
That’s it! What was different for the people in town yesterday? Most people are creatures of habit in some way, so when something goes a bit awry, that throws them off, I thought I might be on to something that could protect me – routine.
After shoveling the oatmeal into my mouth, I went outside. I looked at my red Baja in front of the house and instead I walked down the street as usual for me. I wondered briefly if anyone watched me and remarked that my routine hadn’t changed. The thought of someone watching me made me walk faster and gave me goose-bumps not at all related to the cool air.
I got to the shop at about 4:25, a little later than usual. I fumbled with the key just like every morning. The loud click echoed through the empty street and I had a momentary déjà vu feeling. Inside I put on the lights and donned my apron. This morning, the chocolate cake logo didn’t make me smile as it had others, instead it made a sick feeling grow in my stomach. Swallowing hard, I set up the coffee urns and fought with myself about whether to make any Death by Chocolate cakes today. Not usually caring what people thought of me, I knew that I’d be under a microscope and there didn’t seem to be a good answer as to whether I looked guilty if I did or didn’t make the cakes after Barbara’s murder. 
“But how do they know the cake she’d eaten actually had been mine?” I wondered out loud. Then another thought occurred to me. How and why would anyone put that much effort into planting evidence that squarely put me in the hot seat? Barbara had been one victim, but had I also been a target or had I just been collateral damage? I realized that I had been frozen in place while my thoughts reeled. I needed to get some things ready for the morning. Today I could be in for a true rush or people would steer clear of my bakery just on principle. 
I opened the refrigerator and took stock. I had cranberries, chopped apples, lemons and blueberries for fresh fruits. I took them all out and grabbed the bowl of bread dough, too. Once the oven groaned to life, I filled the kettle and put it on the back burner. I took the last Death by Chocolate cake out and the remaining apple muffins from yesterday. As I mixed up a batch of cranberry muffins and made a lemon zest icing, the door opened with a customer. I looked up at the clock and it wasn’t even five o’clock, yet. I stepped toward the counter wiping my hands.
“Good morning, what can I get for you?” I asked before I looked up.
“I’d like to have that cake to start, if you please.” Peter Lynch placed a folded piece of blue paper on the counter. 
I reached for the paper and opened it before getting the cake. The warrant said that it gave permission to search the premises and to obtain any item(s), including any financial records and computer as potential evidence in the matter of the Simpson murder.
“Of course, Detective. Can I get you a cup of coffee?” I tried to sound casual, but I felt nervous. I wondered how guilty people managed to carry on while they lied to the law. I had done nothing wrong and I felt completely on edge. 
“No, thank you. Can I take a look around?”
“Of course.” 
I tried to work around him, but he made me feel really uncomfortable. He looked in my refrigerator and freezer. He checked under my sink for cleaners and took each bottle out in turn and made a grand show of reading the labels. He made his way to the back door and looked around my desk; all without saying anything to me.
At 5:30, the door opened and David came in. I don’t think I’d ever been so happy to see anyone.
“Good morning, Detective,” I said in as controlled and even a voice as possible, but relief flooded my body.
“Hi, Gr—, Myra,” he mumbled as he noticed Peter. “Hey, Pete. What are you doing here so early?” 
“Dave,” he said simply as a greeting, but didn’t offer anything else. 
I picked up the warrant and David nodded. 
“Are you executing a warrant? Where’s the uni?” 
“It came up from the judge after night court over in Caraway, so I thought I’d come over before the rush,” he said with a sarcastic clip to his words. 
“Find anything? David asked in a slightly disinterested voice.
“I just secured the cake, but nothing else, so far.”
Secured the cake? I had an image of the cake being handcuffed and the silliness made me almost laugh. I was really glad that David had come in while Peter searched.
“How about a cup of French Vanilla and make it a large, please. It looks like it’ll be a long day.”
“Sure. Just cream, right?
“Yes. I’m sweet enough without any sugar, you know,” he said in a bit quieter voice. David had to be careful not to show that he’d become too involved with a suspect if he wanted to continue in the investigation. 
Involved, I wondered if we really were getting involved. One kiss didn’t have to mean that we were even technically dating, since we hadn’t yet had a date and I felt sure that tonight’s dinner plans were off, but the chemistry between us was real enough. That thought also helped to bolster my spirits.
Peter stopped poking around and came back to the counter. “Ms. Bailey, how do keep your books?”
“I use QuickBooks on my computer.”
“I’ll be taking that with me,” and to David, “I didn’t find anything else here.”
He sounded disappointed to me and it made me mad that he clearly seemed to want me to be guilty.
A few minutes later, the two of them loaded up my computer in a big box and the last Death by Chocolate cake into Peter’s car. Peter drove away and David came back inside.
“You held it together really well, Green Eyes,” he said as he closed the door.
“He wants me to be guilty, doesn’t he?”
“Not really. He does want this all to be wrapped up though, and you’re an easy answer.”
I needed to figure out who else wanted her dead, and fast. I put the cranberry muffins in the oven and stirred the icing a bit. 
“I did find out that it was a poison that killed her,” David said with a gulp of coffee.
“Yuck,” I said.
“Yeah, but it’s good that you didn’t have anything incriminating here.” He took another swig of coffee. “You know, we’ll be searching your house, too.”
“Great, so my cases upon cases of rat poison hidden in the crawl space will be confiscated.” 
He coughed on his next sip at that. 
“Well, I should get going to find some clues to clear your good name.” 
“Want a refill?”
He shook his head and placed a folded bill on the counter. He winked at me. “Later, Green Eyes.”
“Bye,” I picked up the money and noticed that he’d stuck his card in the dollar. I slipped it into my jean’s pocket.
I made some more muffins and got dough out to rise for some bread. I wondered if Willie would come in today or if he was still away. Then it hit me. The stain on his sleeve. It looked like chocolate cake. He’d seemed jumpy and he’d come in early. What if he’d killed Barbara and then came into my shop. He’d said that he had a long day of driving ahead of him. Was he getting away from town to avoid becoming a suspect himself? He could be anywhere by now. The door opened and someone came into the shop.
“Dahling, Myra?” called Rachel a bit softer than her usual tone.
“Morning, Rachel. What can I get for you this morning?”
“Do you have any scones this morning?” she asked looking into the case.
“I have some in the fridge. I can heat one up for you,” I offered and went to get the tray out.
“Thanks ever so, also a cup of Earl, too, please. Another long morning of inventory ahead of me means that I so need the sustenance.”
“Of course,” I said. Inventory explained why Rachel had been so early the last couple of mornings.
“Such bad business in town, isn’t it? I said to Cynthia, you know, the Mayor’s wife, yesterday that I just couldn’t imagine a scandal like this in our little slice of heaven. I hope the police will get to the bottom of this before any other proprietor on the Main Street is found, well, you know,” she whispered, “dead.” 
“You think we’re all targets?” I hadn’t considered the possibility that there might be more killing. I felt sick again. I got out an Earl Grey Tea bag and poured the hot water from the stove. I put the scone in the microwave and pressed 20 seconds.
“Well, I certainly hope not, but one never knows. I understand that they are investigating you, dear. How dreadful for you! I don’t believe it for a second. Personally, I think the boys would be better off looking for that handy person, what is his name, Willard or something? You know, I heard from Millie, who heard from her sister, Lila, who heard from Dennis, that Willard argued with Barbara the very night before she died.”
“What?”
“I heard from Millie, who heard from—”
I put my hand up for her to stop, “What did Willie argue with Barbara over?”
She paused and seemed a bit surprised that she’d been interrupted. The microwave beeped and I brought her order to the counter.
“Not sure, but it has something to do with Barbara’s son.”
“Son? I didn’t think Ron and Barbara had any kids.”
“They didn’t, but Barbara had a child that she put up for adoption before she met Ron. You know, too young to care for the child and all, but from what I understand, Willard had information about the man and had been refusing to tell her about it,” she took a breath.
“I didn’t know any of that.” 
“You didn’t hear it from me,” she smiled and handed me a couple of dollars.
“Dahling, the gathering will go on as planned tonight. I think we all need a distraction. Maybe you could stop even for a bit, you know just to be social, TTFN,” she swished out the door without waiting for me to give her an answer. 
I felt pretty confident that my dinner with David was off, so maybe I could go and see what I could find out to help me clear my name. I’d talk to David about it later. In the meantime, I wondered how to find out more about Willie’s connection to Barbara and her son. Willie could be about the same age as Barbara’s boy, so maybe they went to school together, but I thought he had grown up here in Fish Creek Falls and it sounded like Rachel thought Barbara’s son hadn’t been in the area. Could the son have come back? Could Willie kill? It seemed that when you looked hard enough, nearly everyone could have a motive of some sort. I went over to the desk to try and search for something about baby homes in the area and realized I currently had no computer. I fished my phone from my coat pocket and started to type in keywords. 
The phone vibrated and a text popped up from Lizzie. Up…called off…cya at 7ish.
I sent a smiley face back and kept searching. I found out that the nearest baby home had been closed in the 90s, but it was only thirty miles from Fish Creek Falls. I didn’t know if Barbara had been the type to go far away to have a child, or if she’d stick close to home. Sighing, I thought, It’s just one more piece to the puzzle. 
I went to rescue the muffins and to check the dough. So much for the extra people coming into the shop, I thought as I glanced at the clock. 6:15 and no one had come in since Rachel. Well, it gave me more time to think about what my next move would be. 
I could have talked to Rachel about the Death by Chocolate cake and her alibi, but I got a little sidetracked with the story about Barbara’s son. I wondered if Ron had known about the boy. He just got out of jail. Maybe he’d get a big insurance payout from Barbara. That’s a good motive. I felt like the Willie info and the thought about Ron inheriting money could be strong leads. Reaching into my pocket, I took out the card that had David’s contact information on it. 
I swiped my phone and quickly dialed his personal cell number. 
“This is David.” 
“Um, hi. It’s Myra.”
“Green Eyes. You found my card, huh? What’s up?”
I could hear the background noise of his car so I knew he was driving somewhere. Since he called me Green Eyes, I guessed that he was alone.
“I had some thoughts and wondered if you could check them out, you know, officially?”
“Tell me what you’re thinking and I’ll tell you how official I can be.”
I told him about Willie’s argument with Barbara the night before she died, my encounter with Willie yesterday morning, and my thoughts about Ron. He listened quietly.
“I can check out the insurance thing and I’ll see if I can track down Willie for a chat,” he said. 
“Great, thanks!” 
“No big deal, but don’t count on that all to pan out before things get tough for you, though. Make the call to the lawyer just in case.”
My legs gave out and I leaned on the counter. Before things get tough? 
“Are you telling me that I’m going to be arrested?”
The call failed beep sounded in my ear. I hit the call back button and it went straight to voicemail.
“Call me as soon as you can!” I nearly shouted and hit end.
Get a grip, I told myself. I had to keep my head clear and not freak out. I took a couple deep breaths and decided to shape some bread loaves. I also dumped the coffee that I’d made earlier and started some new pots. I knew that I’d be wasting them too because no one would be coming in today, or maybe ever again if I were arrested, but it gave me something to keep busy with at least.
Then I heard the door and got to the counter quickly.
“Bailey? How are you doing? Are the police really calling you a suspect?” Mark had a serious look on his face, but I thought he looked more curious than concerned. Word travels so fast in a small town.
“Looks that way. What can I get you, Mark?”
“Nothing. I just wanted to see how you were dealing with everything and to let you know that I’m in your corner. I know you didn’t do this,” he reached out and held my hand that rested on the counter. 
“Thanks. Really, your support means a lot.”
“Of course, and now, you’ll see; the people won’t be able to get in here fast enough after all this is cleared up.”
I smiled, but didn’t know what to say. Mark had been feeling responsible for my success in town since he’d told me about the building and brought me to the Main Street Merchants meeting to introduce me. I felt a little like his prized pig or science project that he showed off to people, but having another supporter right now was worth anything.
“Well, on second thought, how about a slice of your Death by Chocolate? I think I love it even more than your molten chocolate cake,” he winked at me.
My mouth went dry at the mention of those two desserts together, “Uh, I don’t have either one today, sorry,” I wiped the counter, breaking the hand holding. “Something else, maybe?”
“I don’t think so,” he turned to leave.
“Hey, what did you need the Death by Chocolate for? Cast party or something?” I thought quickly, “Because if you need more, just let me know and I’ll have it ready for you.”
“Good to know, but that one was for me. Of course, I did share some of it,” he smiled.
He had street clothes on this morning, I noticed.
“No run this morning? I guess it’s too late for that today, huh?”
His smiled faded slightly, “No run today, I slept in this morning.”
“How far do you usually go now?” I asked conversationally. He ran sprints in college, but that, as Rachel pointed out, had been ages ago.
“A few miles I guess, I usually run for about forty-five minutes and then finish out the hour with a cool down jog or walk. Want to join me sometime?” he asked.
The question surprised me. “Maybe, but I think I’d be better with the cool down pace,” I wiped the counter again and he waved as he left. He seemed to be walking like he was stiff, but I didn’t want to be too obvious by asking too many questions. 
As I thought about Mark running yesterday, it hit me that he’d been sweating when he’d come into the bakery. His money even felt damp, I remembered. I thought that he had been ready to go for a run and not done with it, but then why had he been all sweaty? 
Then I thought about calling a lawyer. My legs felt quivery just thinking about it, but it didn’t make sense to not at least make the call. I tried to get myself under control before I dialed, but I could barely keep a single thought in my head, other than the fact that I desperately didn’t want to go to jail—especially for something that I didn’t do. It was still early, probably too early to call. I’d wait for Lizzie to come. She could help me make sense of everything. I wiped the counter again just to do something. What I really wanted to do was go to Barbara’s bakery and have a look around. I wasn’t sure what I could find that the police didn’t, but since they were so sure that I was the killer, perhaps they might have overlooked something that could point to the real killer, or at the very least, something that would put me in the clear somehow.
I decided to make the bread and rolls for the day because at least I’d be productive while my thoughts raced. I knew that I had made too many, but I could always sell them as day old and still make something on them.
Once I popped the last batch of breads into the oven, the door opened again and in breezed Lizzie. 
“Hey girl what’s shaking this morning?”
“Just my legs, David said I should call a lawyer.”
Her cheery good-morning smile faded. “Isn’t that a little premature? Does he think things really look that bad for you?”
“I think he’s being careful.” I said and grabbed the rag to wipe the counter, yet again. “But the police aren’t looking at anybody except me, so I guess I should call someone.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. Why wouldn’t they be looking for anyone who might have a motive?”
“Because they think, well Peter Lynch thinks, that I have the best one.”
“Maybe, but isn’t Detective Hunky helping you out?”
I smiled. “He is, but Lynch is the lead detective and this is a very small town.”
Lizzie fiddled with the empty card holder and didn’t say anything right away.
“There has to be a way to clear my name. What if there is a bit of evidence that they’ve missed? The bakery has to hold the key.”
“We can’t just pop over to the crime scene and have a look around, though,” she said.
“I have to do something. I don’t want to go to jail!”
“I know, MB, but it’s just not possible that you would be found guilty of Barbara’s murder so this is all just a nightmare until we get it all sorted out.”
“I wish I were as optimistic about it all as you, but it doesn’t feel like it’s going to all work out. I’m really scared.”
Lizzie came around the counter and gave me a hug and then snapped into analytical mode. “Okay, so, let’s go over what we already know about the murder. First, Barbara was working by herself. Second, she had your molten lava cake recipe card under her body and your Death by Chocolate cake was found at the scene of the crime. Ron was supposed to work but went to his mother’s. He had a motive because of an insurance money maybe, but who else could be a suspect?”
I quickly told her about what I’d found out about Willie and how I had called David to tell him about it. 
“I would never have thought that Willie could be a killer!”
“We still need to check Ron out, though.” 
“Didn’t the police say that he’d gone to his mother’s house?” asked Lizzie.
“I know, but when did he go and how far away does she live from the bakery? She’s old, sick and maybe not a great alibi when it comes down to it.”
“Well, I think it’s time to bring something over to Ron and pay your respects.”
“What?”
“Give me your apron. She reached to untie it. I’ll stay here and mind the store while you go to Ron’s and see what you can find out.” 
“I can’t go over at this time of the morning.” I started to retie the apron.
“Then, go home and take a shower, change, rest, run , go talk to Rachel and Mark, call the lawyer like Detective Hunky told you to. Just go home for awhile. I’ll be fine.”
“I already talked to Mark this morning. He bought the cake for himself, he says. I wonder who he shared it with? I guess it didn’t matter all that much. But as far as I can tell, he didn’t have a motive to want Barbara dead.”
“I’ll be fine, really. Go.”
“Sure. You, who can’t boil water, are going to be fine in my bakery?”
She blushed slightly and said, “Well, is there anything left to cook this morning?”
“You mean bake?” I asked, thinking of the several dozen rolls and six loaves of breads baking. “No, I think I have enough.” I went to the oven and took out the rolls.
“Then there is no problem. All I have to do is make coffee, which I can do, and sell stuff.”
“You’ll have to take the bread out in about ten minutes,” I added. 
She nodded. “Look, you know what you want to ask Ron about, and to check with Rachel anyway, so why don’t you talk to them yourself. After, come back here, and we’ll plan how to get into the bakery, if you still really want to. Maybe Hunky will let us in.”
“I don’t think David would be able to do that. He might bend a couple of rules, but breaking and entering in a crime scene probably isn’t a great career move.”
A car pulled up and Lizzie looked out the window.
“Hey, isn’t that Detective Lynch? Maybe now would be a good time to disappear, MB.”
I looked out the window to see him standing next to his car. He was on the phone and he was alone. Maybe that meant he wasn’t coming to arrest me. My heart raced and I felt a bit nauseous as I slipped off the apron, grabbed my phone and coat and went out the back door.
“Text me,” I hissed.
If I could get to the end of the block, then I’d be out of sight from the main street to my house. Did this make me a fugitive? No, it couldn’t since I hadn’t been arrested, so technically I wasn’t escaping from anything.
I waited in the back for a minute, hoping that he’d gone inside the bakery already. His car was parked at the end of the block, so it didn’t give me much choice but to go past it to get home. With a deep breath, I moved from beside the back door and started around to the front. No one ever was in the empty lot on that side of the building. When I got to the side window, I ducked under it. I could barely move with the adrenaline building and making my legs wobbly and almost unresponsive. I hoped Lizzie would distract him long enough for me to scoot away. At the front corner of the building I peered around the wall. Peter paced a bit as he continued to talk on the phone. I had to calm down my heart as it pounded so hard that I couldn’t hear well. I crouched down a bit and leaned around the corner to see if I could hear a snippet of the conversation. He didn’t look happy, but I wasn’t sure that I’d ever really seen him look happy before. 
“She’s guilty, man. I don’t care if you are still stuck on her. I’ve got to go.” He slapped his flip phone closed and jammed it into his coat pocket and then strode into the store. Poor Lizzie, I thought as I raced from behind the building and past the car to the other side of the street. I slowed to a walk just before the end of the block where I turned to go home. I wondered who he had been talking to and if I had been the “her” that he spoke about to the caller. 
Once home, I quickly changed my clothes into some khakis and a button down shirt. It looked a bit wrinkly so I rummaged in the closet for a sweater to put over it. I tried to think about what to say to Ron when I saw him. Maybe I could just see how he reacted when I called on him and go from there. 
 “Of course,” I said to my reflection in the mirror as I fixed the sweater, “if he thinks that I murdered his wife, then he may not be all that glad to see me.” 
I glanced at my watch. “Only eight in the morning, so it might not be the best time to go knocking on his door.” 
I fished my phone out of my pocket and searched for the lawyer that David had told me about. 
A gruff voice answered the phone, “Cahill and associate.”
“Um,” I stammered, taken aback by the sound of the voice since I had expected a receptionist or someone who sounded pleasant to answer the phone, “Good morning. I wondered if I could speak with Brian Cahill, please.”
“You’ve got him. What can I do for you?”
“Right, well, you see, I think I may need a lawyer.”
“Well, my normal hours are 9-3, so my secretary isn’t in yet. Can you call back in an hour to make an appointment?”
“Can’t I tell you what’s happening since you’re already on the phone?”
He sighed and made a loud sipping sound. “Alright, I guess I did answer the phone, what’s your issue?”
So far, I really didn’t find this referral to be all that helpful. “I may be charged with murder, but I am innocent. I don’t think anyone cares about that part. Detective David Bentley gave me your name.”
“Ah, old Davey B. So he’s made detective now. Well good for him! Wait, are you involved in the hoopla over in Fish Creek Falls?”
“I am, but I didn’t kill Barbara.” I said again not really certain that he’d heard me the first time.
“Who is this?”
“Myra Bailey, I own the new bakery in town and it was my cake that poisoned her, but it wasn’t me. Can you help me? Davey, I mean David said he thought you would be the best since you grew up here…”
I heard a car in front of the house and went to the window to look out. It was Peter Lynch. 
“The police are here,” I shrieked a bit.
“Okay, Myra Bailey, I’ll represent you. I like a challenge. Say nothing, if you are arrested until I get there. If possible, say nothing before that too, should they just wish to question you further. The gruff voice had become somehow kinder and filled with an enthusiasm that hadn’t been there before. “Give me your address and I’ll be over in a half hour.”
I babbled the address as the knock on the door came. “Thank you,” I said and hung up to answer the door.
“Good morning, Ms. Bailey, I’m surprised to find you at home. I thought you’d be at your bakery.”
“Well, then why did you come here?”
He stiffened and said, “Actually, I went to the bakery and Ms. Stevens told me that she didn’t know exactly where you were, so I thought that I’d check here as a first stop.”
“Come in, Detective.” I swung the door open further. “Would you like something to drink?’ I said trying to be a bit sociable. I wanted to buy some time until Mr. Cahill got here. I hoped that he drove fast.
My phone beeped with a text from Lizzie. “Told Dicktective that I needed $ so you let me work for you…good luck.”
“Nothing for me. Why are you not at the bakery this morning, ma’am?”
“Oh, well,” I stammered as I slid my phone into my pocket. “I felt a bit tired and Lizzie needed some extra cash, so she opened for me.”
“I wondered, Ms. Bailey, what type of training you have?”
“Training for what?” Though I thought that I knew what he was getting at. My undergrad degree had been in chemistry because I flirted with the idea of going to medical school, but the only thing I really loved mixing and fixing were recipes for the best baked goods in the world, so I never pursued it. When I had been with Mark, he’d suggested a business track so that I could eventually start my dream bakery.
“Your college degrees, what are they in, ma’am? Culinary Arts, perhaps?” he said this with an I-already-know-the-answer-to-this-question tone.
“I have an MBA, which helped me to get my business started, but no, I never studied the culinary arts, I am self-taught.” 
 “What about your undergraduate degree, that is in chemistry, if I’m not mistaken?”
“I wanted to go to medical school so my undergraduate degree prepared me if I decided to go.”
“But, it was a chemistry degree, right?”
“What are you getting at, Detective?” I asked without answering his question.
“Just that you hold a chemistry degree who bakes and that is an interesting combination is all,” he stared at me, but said no more.
I held his gaze because I thought somehow I would seem guilty if I looked away. 
“Was there something in particular that you’d like to say, Detective?” I tried not to sound angry.
“I’m just following up on information so that I can feel confident that when an arrest is made, it will be the right person.” He stared again.
“Let’s hope so, for Barbara’s sake.” I said trying to stay calm. I sat on the couch and fiddled idly with the strings on the edge of a blanket.
“Ms. Bailey, approximately how many recipe cards do you print per week?”
“I’m not sure. I fill up the holder and I refill it if it gets empty before the end of the week.” 
“You have no idea how many cards you print? 50, 100, or more?”
I thought about the template for the cards. I think it printed eight cards per page, and I probably printed four or five sheets.
“I think between thirty and forty. Why?”
“Did you have any left of the,” he opened his small, lined notepad and scanned the page, “chocolate molten cake?”
“No, the cards were all gone. In fact they went the fastest of all the ones that I have done so far.”
He sighed, closed his notepad and put it away. 
I noticed his watch as he did. The gold watch seemed expensive, but it also seemed pretty beat up; it even looked like the stem to set the time was missing, which was kind of fit for Lynch.
“Does that mean that anyone who had a copy of my recipe card could have killed Barbara? That’s quite a few people to investigate, huh? Almost half the town,” I said in a much braver voice than I felt. I didn’t want him to know how much he intimidated me.
“Not necessarily,” he said and his phone rang.
“Lynch. Okay, hold on a minute, will you?” He said as he let himself out the door. 
I followed him to the door and tried to hear anything that he said as he walked a few steps away from my house. With that, another car pulled up outside and parked behind Peter’s car. A very tall man with a full beard unfolded himself from the driver seat and walked to my door, giving Detective Lynch a once over as he passed him.
“Hello, Ms. Bailey. I am Brian Cahill, esquire,” he held a giant hand out.
“Hi, I’m Myra, thanks for coming so quickly,” I said as I held the door open for him.
Inside, he looked around a bit and then seated himself on the wingback chair by the door. 
“So, the Falls’ finest is outside. You didn’t talk to him, did you?”
I told him about the questions about my chemistry background and the recipe cards. He frowned a bit, but said nothing, took out a pen and scribbled on the back of a card. He handed it to me. 
“This is all my contact information, including my service that can get me even when I’m in the can. Call day or night and I’ll be there in a matter of minutes.”
“Thanks.” I slid the card into the khaki pocket and sat on the couch again.
“So, what can you tell me that is different from the ten o’clock news?”
“I’m not sure. Only that she was poisoned and poison was found in my signature chocolate cake. She’d been lying on a recipe card that came from my bakery when they found her and I didn’t do it.”
“How much have you talked to the police so far, just what that guy asked?” he gestured toward the door.
“They had a warrant to search my bakery and home. They took my computer at work and they came here to search. They didn’t take anything from here.”
“Do you know what kind of poison it was?”
The door opened and Detective Lynch came back inside just in time to hear that question.
“Well, Beanstalk. It has been a long time,” said Lynch and he put out his hand. Brian Cahill made no movement to shake his hand or to get up. He still looked at me with a look that I couldn’t read. 
“I can answer your question,” Lynch said as he put down his hand. “It was a castor bean, isn’t that right, Ms. Bailey? The beans have ricin in them and are toxic from just one small bean.”
Both men looked at me as I tried to understand what he was saying. 
“A baker and a chemistry major would easily know how to crush the bean up and mix it into the icing. You only need a very small amount of that poison.”
“Well, Lynch,” came the gruff voice again, “I would think that someone who wanted Ms. Bailey to be a suspect would make such a choice, as well.”
“Maybe, but it’s enough for me to place you under arrest for the murder of Barbara Simpson, Ms. Bailey.”
“What?” I barely breathed. This couldn’t be happening, not really. I’d thought about it, but never really thought it would actually happen.
“Please, stand up and come with me, ma’am. I am placing you under arrest. You have the right to remain silent, and anything that you do or say can be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney, him, if you like, or one will be appointed for you, if you can’t afford his rates.”
“Myra, say nothing. I’ll meet you at the station.”
“Will you call my friend, Lizzie for me? She’s at the bakery.”
Luckily, he didn’t put handcuffs on me; he just led me to his car. I guess he didn’t think I’d be much of a flight risk.
At the police station, I got fingerprinted; they took my phone and other pocket items and logged them in and I ended up in an interrogation room. It might have been a closet originally because there were marks on the wall where shelves hung before. 
I waited a while, but I couldn’t really tell how long since the room had no windows and no clock. In spite of the nausea that I felt, my stomach growled so I guessed it had to be around lunchtime. The room had no two way mirror like in the crime shows on TV, so I felt pretty sure that no one was staring at me while I sat there waiting. I wonder where my lawyer is? I thought. He seemed to be better known than I’d thought. Peter had called him Beanstalk—an apt nickname because of his height, but one that didn’t appear to be amusing to Brian Cahill. I wondered if David called him Beanstalk, too.
Finally, the door rattled and opened. It was the officer that had been with Lynch when he served the search warrant. He stood aside and the door filled with Brian “the Beanstalk” Cahill.
“Ms. Bailey,” he doffed an imaginary hat and made a shooing motion to the officer who closed the door. 
“Hi, Mr. Cahill. Thank you for representing me,” I said.
He put his hand up for me to stop and he brushed off the chair before sitting down across from me. He opened the folder that he carried and pulled out his pen. 
“It’s Brian and I like defending innocent people. Besides, to prove that you are innocent in my fairly closed-minded hometown holds a certain attraction for me. Now, let’s get started.” He clicked the pen three times and poised it to take notes. “Where were you when Mrs. Simpson met her fate?”
“I’m not sure exactly what time that was, but I was home and then I walked to the bakery and got things ready for the day.”
“And I’m presuming that you were alone the whole time? Any chance that you saw someone or that someone saw you at any time that morning?”
“I didn’t notice anybody. It’s pretty early in the morning.”
“This town is pretty quiet most of the time, but that doesn’t leave you with an alibi that anyone can check.”
“Well, I opened on time and had fresh muffins and breads made, so how could I do that if I wasn’t really at the bakery the whole time?”
“While that is a logical argument, it can be called into question because couldn’t you have made the preparations the night before so that it took less time in the morning?”
“I suppose it’s possible, but no self-respecting baker would do that and sell them as fresh,” I said, not meaning to sound huffy.
“The law rarely cares about the quality of baked goods, my dear,” he scribbled on his tablet. “Okay. Let’s tackle motive. It seems that their working theory is that you killed Ms. Simpson because she owned the rival bakery in town and your bakery had not been doing well.” He stared at me.
“Well, I’ve been doing well enough for just opening several months ago. I’m not raking in the dough, so to speak, by any means, but I’m making ends meet.”
“So, if Ms. Simpson’s bakery went out of business, you’d stand to gain more business?”
“I guess,” I felt a wave of nausea sweep over me because this lawyer believed me and still made it seem as though I had been the one to murder Barbara. I could go to jail. The weight of that thought made me gasp for breath.
“Look, the bright side of this situation is that if there is little evidence to clear you, there is also little evidence to convict. I won’t lie to you, this is every bit of an uphill battle to get you off, but I love a challenge.”
“So do I, usually, but not in this case,” I tried to smile.
“Well, the rest of it is the recipe card and the chocolate cake at the scene. But, by raising questions about the dozens of people who could have had your recipe card with them, that could be a wash on both sides.” He said more to himself than to me.
“The chocolate cake is the most difficult evidence to explain. How many people could have had some of your cake? Best guess will be a start.”
“I sold four cakes this week. I did sell two the week before, but I highly doubt that Barbara would have eaten a stale piece of cake.”
“Do you know who bought the cakes?” 
“Yes, I do. Mark Corner, Ron Simpson, Rachel Anderson and Willie, the handyman, but I don’t actually know his last name.”
“What about the other cakes that you said you sold last week?”
“Detective David Bentley bought one for something here at the Police Station.” I shifted on the hard seat and decided to confide my theory about Ron’s motive for insurance and for how Willie fought with Barbara the night before she’d been found dead. 
“Okay, so that gives me some ammunition, possibly. I need to get things ready for your arraignment. Sit tight. Be strong and say nothing.”
I sat for who knows how long before both David and Lynch came into the small room.
“Ms. Bailey, do you want anything to eat or drink?” Lynch asked nearly as soon as the door opened.
I looked at David and he winked ever so slightly at me. 
“I guess just some water, please.”
He nodded and left David standing in the doorway.
“Fancy meeting you here, Green Eyes. You okay?” he said softly.
I smiled weakly. Seeing him made me feel better. I took a deep breath.
“I see that you got in touch with Brian. I think that’s a good choice. It’s all going to work out in the end, you’ll see.” He said the last part quickly as Lynch came back with a bottle of water and pushed by David.
“Here’s your water, ma’am,” he said as he leaned over the table. “Since you have a lawyer, we can’t really speak to you, unless you decide that you have nothing to hide and a lawyer isn’t needed and then we can just talk about what happened and get everything wrapped up.”
David shifted and started to speak.
“No, detective,” I said first. “I think I’ll just wait to have my lawyer with me when we just talk.”
“Of course,” he stood. “Well, here’s the drill. You’ll be here tonight in one of our cells.”
I cringed.
 “Tomorrow,” he continued seemingly satisfied at my response, “you will be arraigned in Caraway and will be in custody in the county jail while you await trial.”
He really seemed to be enjoying the fact that I had been arrested, but why would he care that much about having me convicted? His whole demeanor made me mad and I fought with myself to keep my temper.
David noticed and spoke up, “Hey, why don’t you get her a sandwich anyway. I’ll bring her downstairs.”
Lynch looked at David and then at me and made a “humph” sound as he left the room. He knew there was something between us.
“Thanks, but are you sure you want to be associated with me right now?”
David shrugged and gestured to the door. “Too late now to worry about it. Look Green Eyes, I meant what I said. It will all work out and I’ll be waiting for you when it does.”
He took my elbow as we left the room and I could feel gooseflesh rise on my arm as we walked down the stairs and past the uniformed officer stationed at a desk near the two cells. 
“Number one,” David said to the officer and then we heard a click.
The cell we stopped in front of was a square box with a tiny window way too high and small to look out of or to get to and it had a bench built into the wall, a small sink and toilet and that was it. The door had a window in the upper part. It wasn’t quite the barred and dank cell I’d been envisioning, but it was far from inviting.
I stepped into the cell and turned to face David as he held the door. 
We just looked at each other for a second and in that moment, I felt closer to him than I had to anyone. I just wanted him to hold me for a while. Just as he opened his mouth to speak, his radio beeped.
“Yah,” he said pressing a button on it.
“Got a hit on your guy, bringing him in now.”
“Right,” he said and then as he closed the door, he said, “See, things are already looking up. We found Willie.” He winked and left me alone again. I felt certain that I’d never felt so alone in my whole life.
CHAPTER 3

I didn’t sleep at all on the hard bench so when morning came, I felt stiff and tired in addition to the panic that seemed to have settled in the pit of my stomach. Between the lack of sleep, the worry and little food from yesterday, when an officer came in with some runny eggs and burnt toast, I nearly threw up. I did drink the strong coffee though, and splashed water on my face. I have to find a way to clear myself, I thought as I held onto the sides of the stainless steel basin. I hoped Lizzie would be at the arraignment. I wondered if David would be.
I also wondered if Brian Cahill could get me bail. Although it seemed unlikely in a murder case, I liked thinking about the possibility. I sat back down on the bench and hugged my knees.
Then I heard noise from the hall and the door clicked. It was time to go. My legs wobbled as I got up from the bench and went to the door.
“Morning, Green Eyes.” 
“Hi,” I said not nearly as cheerfully as his greeting had been.
“Don’t look so glum, you are getting out of here.”
“What?” I leaned against the door. The relief that flooded my body made me off-balance.
“Myra Bailey, I need to tell you that you are being released for now, however, you are not to leave the area since you are still considered a person of interest in the ongoing investigation of the Barbara Simpson murder.”
“I can leave?” I asked still not believing what I was hearing.
“Unless you want to stay for some unknown reason, yes.”
“What’s going on?” I asked, slowly forming thoughts again.
“We’re talking with someone else who may have information that is pertinent to the case and so in the interest of making the right arrest, we are not proceeding until there is a bit more investigation.” He looked intently at me.
“I can leave!” Now I felt new life kick in and I kissed him without even thinking about it. “Thank you!”
He laughed. “So that means you are happy about this turn of event?”
“Thank you,” I repeated.
He smiled. 
“I hate to rain on your parade, but this is only buying some time for you. You might still not be out of the woods, yet.”
I took a deep breath. “Who are you questioning?”
The uniformed officer trying to not be intrusive shuffled some papers.
David looked at me and then down at his sleeve. He tugged it and said, “I can’t tell you anything about the investigation.”
I mouthed the word, “Willie.”
He shook his head and then led me to the desk to sign for my belongings and leave.
A few minutes later, I walked down the dozen steps of the Police Station and headed for home. I turned on my phone while I walked. I really wanted to talk to Lizzie.
“Hi, it’s me. Call me when you get this,” I said to her voicemail and then swiped to send her a text. Going home, I typed and sped up the pace.
As I got nearer to my house, I felt amazingly tired and I desperately wanted a shower to wash off the jail experience. 
Just as I fished the key out of my pocket to unlock the door, my phone rang.
“Are you still at the Police Station? Are you okay? Are you under arrest? How long can you talk? Did Hunky help get you…”
“I’m okay and I just got home,” I cut her off. “They let me out because they are talking to Willie. Can you come over?” 
“I’ll be there in ten,” she said and the call ended.
I walked through the house not really paying attention to much of anything, but feeling like the surroundings were a little unfamiliar. I went into the bathroom and turned on the water to get it nice and hot. I dropped my clothes into the hamper and stepped into a gloriously hot shower. I washed my hair twice and just stood letting the water hit my body for several minutes. The banging on the bathroom door startled me. 
“MB, don’t drown in there,” called Lizzie.
“Be out in a minute.”
I shut off the water, dried and grabbed my robe. 
“So what’s going on?” Lizzie asked as soon as I got to the kitchen.
“I got arrested, but they never brought me to be arraigned because they apparently have Willie in custody and are questioning him.”
“Weird. Willie doesn’t seem like he’d be able to kill someone,” Lizzie said. “But it’s good news for you, though!” She opened the freezer and frowned. “I forgot that you had no chocolate.”
I sat on one of the stools and thought about Willie. He had been arguing with Barbara the night before the murder and anger can do crazy things to people.
“Hello? What are you thinking about? You look decidedly less excited than I expected,” Lizzie asked, bringing me back to the present.
“I don’t think that Willie did murder Barbara.”
“Why not?”
“I just think that the chocolate cake on his sleeve is a bit weird. No one has said that she was force-fed the cake.”
“So?”
“So, he probably just got chocolate on his sleeve when he wiped his mouth or something. He’s not a violent man. I don’t think he did it.”
“Again, so?”
“Oh Lizzie, don’t you get it? If he’s not guilty, then they may come back to me as the killer. We need to find the real murderer.”
“We need to do what? I’m not sure, MB. I’m all for proving that you are innocent, but…”
“But what? What better way to clear my name than to actually catch the real murderer?”
“Okay, I’m in, but maybe for the sake of being thorough I should still go and check on Rachel and her beautiful clothes, I mean motive?”
“Later. I think that we need to get into the bakery first. Maybe fresh eyes on the crime scene will help us find something to help,”
“So,” Lizzie picked up my phone, “call Detective Hunky and ask when we can get in.”
“No, we can’t tell David. Not until we have something solid.”
“So, let me understand you. You want to break into the bakery?”
“Yes.”
“Great, I guess once you’ve been charged with murder a little breaking and entering rap is nothing, huh?”
Laughing, we started considering how to actually get into the bakery. We agreed that we should wait until later that night so there would be less chance of anyone being out. Lizzie gathered black breaking and entering clothing for us to wear. With our smartphones, we’d have flashlights and cameras to take pictures of anything that we’d find, but getting in remained our biggest challenge. Neither of us had ever picked a lock before and aside from prying open and squeezing into my apartment window while in college when I’d forgotten my key, I’d never broken into any building either. I felt a rush of excitement at the thought of the adventure in spite of the fact that I knew how much depended on us finding something.
Around dinner time, a car pulled up outside. Neither of us checked to see who it was; we just hurried to get the clothes and other things out of sight before anyone came to the door. Lizzie quickly gathered all the clothes and I grabbed the kitchen things that we were considering as possible lock picks. I opened the small drawer in the coffee table and swiped the small forks, lobster picks and knives into it just as the knock came.
“Green Eyes, are you home?” 
I sighed in relief that it was David and the goofy smile crept back onto my face as I closed the drawer and went to the door. Lizzie came out as I opened the door.
“Hi, we’re here.” 
“We? Oh, hi Lizzie,” he said and closed the door.
“How are you doing?” 
“I’ve had better days, but I’m okay. Can you tell me anything about what’s going on?” 
“Well, other than Pete being pretty mad that we had to kick you loose, not too much.”
“How did you get me out?”
“Oh well, as much as I’d like to take credit for that, it was the DA who felt that with Willie as a potential suspect, along with you, it was premature to make an arrest.”
“Yes, but who brought Willie up to the DA?”
“Okay, so I might have helped a little.” He smiled.
“Nice, but can I interrupt the ‘Love-Fest’ for a minute and ask if you think they’ll arrest Willie or will they come for MB again?” Lizzie jumped in, making me blush and look away.
“I’m not sure, Lizzie. Right now, everyone is hot to get this all wrapped up, but the evidence is sketchy and so either one can get the nod.”
“Can you think of anything that might help her get off?” Lizzie pleaded.
“I wish I could, but the fact that the poison was mixed into the frosting of the Death by Chocolate cake that Barbara ate and that the recipe card had been lying under the body makes it a pretty convincing and an easy case.”
“What do they have on Willie besides the chocolate cake stain on his shirt and the fight with Barbara the night before?” I asked.
“Honestly, not much. There is some history with them from when Willie hung out with her son, but we haven’t been able to dig up anything concrete about their relationship yet.”
“What about her husband?” Lizzie suggested.
“Well, I spoke to him earlier today and he did go to his mother’s house. She has private nursing care in her home and she confirms his story of when he arrived and said that he never left the house until the police came and told him about Barbara’s murder.”
“I wish it’d been trash day because then the guys would have been able to vouch for me,” I said.
“It’s too bad there was nothing unusual about that morning that could help you,” Lizzie commented.
“I know.” My stomach growled. “You know, we should think about something for dinner. Can you stay David or do you have to go?”
“I can stay unless I get called for something.”
In the kitchen, I took stock of the frozen dinners in the freezer and then opted to make my famous pasta. I went to the cabinet and pulled out a jar of Ragu. I got the water boiling for the pasta and grabbed the loaf of bread. A few minutes later I had buttered some slices and sprinkled them with garlic. I got the plates out to set the table and Lizzie came in as I poured the pasta into the water.
“Hey, I’m gonna run,” she said and then whispered, “I’ll swing back around midnight. That way you two can have a nice dinner without me as the third wheel.” 
Then I remembered Mark’s visit to the bakery. “Run! Lizzie, you’re the best!”
“I know, but why this time?”
I went back into the living room and Lizzie followed. I told her and David about the odd visit that Mark had made to the bakery yesterday. He looked as though he had already gone running, though he claimed he was just heading out. I remembered the soggy money and excitedly recounted that he’d asked about business.
“So you think Mark killed Barbara to keep you in town?” David said in an I’m-trying-to-understand-you sort of tone.
“I know it sounds a bit weak when you say it like that, but yes, I think he wants me to succeed in town and to stay here. What better way than to make me the only bakery in town?”
“Mark can lose his cool,” Lizzie chimed in.
David sighed. “Well, it might not hurt to check him out.”
“Look, maybe I’m reaching, but he could have been establishing an alibi by coming into my bakery.”
“I’ll do some checking. I promise, but can’t it wait until after dinner?” he smiled and I melted.
“Right, so you two have a nice dinner, I’m gonna go. I’ll talk to you later, MB. See you, David,” Lizzie hurried to the door and gave me a thumbs up sign as she left.
“I’ve got to go check the pasta before it boils over,” I said and went into the kitchen. He followed me into the kitchen and I could feel him watching me as I fished a piece of pasta out to check.
When I dumped the pasta into the strainer at the sink, David came up behind me and kissed my neck.
“We’ll get you out of this mess, you know,” he whispered.
I turned around and looked into his pale blue eyes. I felt like I could be lost in them forever. He pulled me close and leaned in to kiss me. He felt strong and solid and I let myself be held, supported and swept away. 
His phone beeped, but neither of us moved to pull apart. Another minute went by and it beeped again.
After it beeped a third time, he gently pulled away and checked his phone. I busied myself by running water over the cold pasta and put the jar into the microwave. I tried to keep my legs from quivering too much.
“It looks like…”
“You have to go, right?”
“No, it looks like it wasn’t something that I need to take care of right now. “
I smiled and felt my face get hot. “I just thought that you would have to go take care of police business.”
“Personal business, first. Besides,” the microwave beeped, “it’s been awhile since I’ve had homemade pasta sauce.” 
We both laughed and finished getting the meal ready. We ate, talked and laughed. I completely forgot about everything. The night flew by and I nearly forgot about the next part of the evening. Lizzie texted at 11 and it reminded me to get back to reality. After a lengthy goodbye, I went to answer the text and tell Lizzie that the coast was clear.
Just before midnight, Lizzie and I set out for the bakery clad in black, armed with our phones, a butter knife, lobster pick and a small set of jewelry screwdrivers.
We walked along the water and kept looking over our shoulders to make sure no one followed us. Neither of us spoke until we got close to the bakery. A twig snapped under my feet and we both scrambled for the nearby trees. My heart pounded and it took several deep breaths to get myself under control. 
“So, we definitely win the bravery award,” Lizzie hissed in a near hysterical whisper.
“You ready?”
“I am if you are.”
We quickly jogged down the street and slipped behind Barbara’s Brilliance. As we caught our breath, we searched for a possible way into the building. The back door had no window and had a key lock, probably a deadbolt and the doorknob lock. There were two other windows; one to the left of the door about shoulder height and one that appeared to be a basement one on the ground. The higher one had a single pane and no way to open it. We’d have to break it to get in that way and the basement one seemed small and a bit narrow. 
“I think that one is unless there’s one on the side or something,” Lizzie pointed to the basement window.
We split up and checked the sides of the building. My side had the large windows with display cases in them and Lizzie’s had one boarded up window that evidently didn’t lead anywhere. Without a saw or something to pry off the boards, that wasn’t an option and it probably had a shelf or something against it on the inside.
I felt a sense of urgency now that we’d wasted so much time looking for a way to get inside. I knelt down and pushed at the casement window. I hoped it would be unlocked and just push easily, but that didn’t happen. I swiped my phone and picked the flashlight app to size up the window. It looked like there was an old lock on the top – the kind that slid to the side to unlock. I could slip my baby finger into the gap, but couldn’t quite reach the lock. Lizzie tried with her long piano-playing fingers and couldn’t do it either. I took the butter knife and slid it into the gap. It reached, but moving the lever proved harder than expected. After several tries, it moved ever so slightly. Encouraged, I attacked it with renewed energy and finally it shifted aside. I handed my phone to Lizzie while I shimmied through the narrow window. My feet dangled into the darkness as I lowered myself into the basement. I dropped down onto something solid, but it wobbled and I fell hard onto the floor.
“Are you okay?” hissed Lizzie and she shined the phone light back and forth.
“I think so,” I said trying to figure out which way was up in the inky blackness.
I finally got up and felt my way back to the wall to reach up to the window. Lizzie reached in with my phone and the light. 
“I’ll make my way upstairs and let you in the back.” I told Lizzie. The light only worked for a short distance, but at least it helped me avoid boxes and other obstacles except the low beam near the top of the step. I clunked my head hard and muffled my shout. Luckily, the door to the upstairs wasn’t locked and I stepped into the kitchen area. The place had an eerie feeling and for a second I considered taking my chance in court. Then I saw Lizzie peering through the window next to the door and got back on track. After all, if my best friend risked getting arrested to help me clear my name, then I needed to step up. I went to the back door and unlocked it. She carefully maneuvered around the crime scene tape marking the door.
“So, we’re actually doing this, huh?” Lizzie said.
“Yeah, but if you want to bail, I’ll understand.” 
“What and let you have all the fun in this creepy, dark bakery? Not a chance, MB.”
“Okay, let’s get started,” I said and with that a car pulled up outside. Lizzie eased the door closed. I crouched behind some boxes and Lizzie slid into a space beside the door. Thudding from my heart filled my ears and I took a deep breath and silently prayed that no one was actually coming. Then a spotlight shone in the window and played over the walls, scanning. 
“Did someone see us, MB?” 
“I don’t know. It might be the police.” 
The light went off, but the car engine didn’t change. They weren’t gone. My feet started to fall asleep from my crouching position. Neither of us moved or talked. Just as I considered moving, the light snapped on again. 
“Lock the door,” I whispered to Lizzie and she moved a tentative hand to turn the deadbolt. It slid into place, but clicked. The click seemed to echo as if cymbals crashed. She froze. The light didn’t come back. Then I saw her hand dart back to the door. She turned the handset lock and had just withdrawn her hand as the knob jiggled. I wobbled and tried to lean back more into the shadows. I heard a small “eek” from Lizzie. I hoped Lizzie pushed the window closed in the basement after I went inside. Finally, after what seemed like hours, a car door closed and the car drove off. I had been in that squatting position for long enough that I wasn’t exactly sure if I could move again.
“You think it’s okay?”
I stretched my leg out and moved my foot. “I hope so.” All the waiting had made me feel a little calmer, but I wanted to get out of there.
We crept out of our hiding spaces and carefully began to look around. The lights on our phones cast a much dimmer light than the spotlight. I went to the front window and peered out. Nothing moved and there were no cars on the road. We split up. I took the front part of the shop since I’d already gone to peek out the window and as I stood just a few steps from where I’d been yesterday morning when I saw Barbara on the stretcher and then I moved the phone-light a step ahead of me and the tape outline of the body shone bright white. I traced the outline and saw a few chocolate cake crumbs on the floor near where I presumed her hand had been. My stomach began to hurt. Anger and fear tied my intestines in knots. Focus, I told myself. I had to find something to help. I glanced at the door and saw the small note taped on it. Yellow crime scene tape crisscrossed the window. I went over to take a closer look. The narrow lined paper looked like it came from a tablet and it stuck to the door with a single piece of tape. I wondered if there were any fingerprints on it. 
“Hey, MB.”
I walked over to the counter where Lizzie stood. 
She pointed to the calendar and it had two entries for the night before. “Ron @ moms and $ for Willie.” 
“Okay, so that means she knew Ron wouldn’t be opening and the argument with Willie was about money for something. Keep looking in these papers,” I passed my light over a pile of papers on the side of the counter. “Maybe there’s something about what she needed to pay him for.”
I went back toward the front and looked at the floor around the body and at the door again. For some reason the signs on the door kept bothering me. I looked at the other signs. There were two that were handwritten on the door besides the note saying that the shop would open late. I tried to get a better look at them. One had been written in marker so the letters were a bit more distinct and the second one had been written in pen like the tablet page. The script on two had a rounded look to it and used uppercase and lowercase lettering, but the script on the note paper from the morning of the murder looked more angular and had been written in all caps.
A car turned the corner and it headed toward the shop. I hurried away from the door and slid behind a chair from one of the café tables to warn Lizzie. My light cast a slight glow on the floor and something sparkled. I snagged the small screw and put it into my pocket.
“Lizzie,” I called in a raspy voice barely a whisper. “Someone’s coming again.” I heard a thud as I hurried to get to the back of the shop again. I fully expected to be caught in the spotlight as I bent low and tried to run. I made it to the back near the basement door. Lizzie leaned against the boxes that I had crouched behind before. We listened for the car and any doors opening or closing, but it seemed quiet. 
“Do we dare look?” Lizzie asked barely in an audible noise. 
A jiggling of keys in the lock of the front door answered that question. I pointed to the basement door and we moved as fast as we dared toward it. Once in the stairwell, we closed the door and slowly descended the stairs. The door opened and the bell tinkled. We froze. Another tinkle meant that the door was closed. Neither of us moved. Get a grip, I told myself and tried to breathe. I felt Lizzie’s arm next to mine and it shook, but she stood as still as a statue other than that. I looked over at her, but we were in total darkness so I saw nothing. We heard a creak on the floor, but no footsteps or talking. Then there was a beep from a phone and Lizzie grabbed my arm. I jumped, but stayed quiet. I took a breath and tried to think. 
 Neither of us moved and thankfully we both had our phone sounds turned off, but whoever stood above us, didn’t. I pressed my phone so the screen lit up and I held it near my stomach so it wouldn’t shine far. I motioned to Lizzie to go down the rest of the stairs. We had to get out of there. Who had keys to the bakery? Ron? The police? Someone no one knew about?
Lizzie still held my arm so I took the first step and she moved when she felt me go. Why come back tonight? I wondered. Same as we were; looking for something. After the second step down, the stair creaked under my weight and I leaned back and held onto Lizzie. We wobbled slightly, but stayed upright. We froze again and waited. I could hear Lizzie’s breathing. The footsteps startled me, but they seemed to be across the front door and not coming toward the back at all. The beeping sound came again. This time we heard a muffled noise that sounded like a male voice. The front doorbell tinkled again and we quickly went down the last few steps not worrying about any creaks right then. 
At the bottom I put on my phone again and we made our way over to the window that I’d slipped through earlier. It seemed high to reach from inside so we looked around for something to stand on. The front door bell sounded again. Maybe I should have one of those bells, I thought a bit randomly. Lizzie found an old chair and brought it over to the window. I climbed out first and tried not to make any noise. While Lizzie shimmied out, I went to the corner and tried to see the car that had brought our mysterious visitor with keys to the bakery. I couldn’t get a good enough look. All I could see was the very end of the bumper and it was a dark color, not shiny. Not enough for it to look familiar. It could have even been my car, which I wished that I had right now. 
Lizzie got her leg out as I moved away from the corner and we stood in the shadows before moving. We went to the side of the building, but in order to get away we had to get past the display windows and whoever looked around inside could possibly see us as we did.
We crept closer to the windows and leaned against the wall. I peered just at the edge of the window to see if I could get a glimpse of the person in the bakery. I couldn’t see anything except the decorated birthday cake that sat in the display case. If the view inside was blocked by the cakes, then the view outside must also be blocked by them. We had to risk it.
I inched ahead trying to stay as low as possible. Lizzie followed. It seemed like it took forever to move just a few feet, but we finally got to the edge of the building. I peeked around the corner to get a better look at the car before we left and the bell from the door tinkled again. We heard the keys jingling and then the car door opening and closing. The car started. I tried to sneak a quick look before it drove away, but Lizzie pulled my sleeve to hold me back.
“If you get seen who knows what will happen!” She whispered urgently. 
With the street quiet again, we retraced our path back to my house with no trouble. Inside, we made some tea, but it took a few minutes before either of us actually spoke.
“So, we know a few things—Fish Creek Falls’ finest check on crime scenes at night, someone left something at the bakery and we also know that you and I not only make decent cat burglars, but we look good in our outfits.”
I smiled. Good old Lizzie, I thought. She could always make me feel better.
“We also know that the visitor to the bakery was a man.”
“With a cell phone that beeps.” Then she added, “Do you think it was Mark?”
“I don’t know. I wish I could’ve seen the car better.”
“So what should we do now?”
“I’m not sure.” I saw her try and stifle a yawn, “But you should probably get some sleep.”
“Me? What about you?”
“I’m not sure I’ll sleep at all. You staying?”
“Yeah,” she yawned again.
I got up and went to grab a pillow. When I got back Lizzie had already taken the blanket and settled on the couch. 
“I’ll wake you when I’m leaving to open and then you’ll have plenty of time to go and change to get to work.”
She nodded with her eyes closed. Lizzie could always fall asleep fast. I yawned in spite of myself and went to bed, too. As I lay there in the dark I kept mulling over the whole night and tried to think about anything that would make sense. I did drift off to sleep and my dreams swirled with chocolate cake, images of Mark and Willie, car bumpers and beeping. When the beeping didn’t stop I realized, as I shook off the dream, that it was the alarm clock. I hit snooze and stared at the ceiling as I ran over everything once again. I had to figure this out. It beeped again and I got up to find some clothes. 
I went into the bathroom and stared into the mirror. My eyes looked puffy and dark circles were forming under them. I splashed cold water on my face and rebraided my hair since it had come out a bit through our burglary and then the restless “nap” that I’d had overnight. 
A few minutes later, I popped my oatmeal into the microwave and waited for the cinnamon smell to waft through the kitchen. I didn’t feel hungry in the least, but I knew that I needed to keep something in my stomach. Getting sick wasn’t going to help the situation any.
The microwave beeped and I wondered if it had woken Lizzie up. I stirred my oatmeal and went into the living room to see Lizzie.
“Hey, sleepy head,” I said as I squished onto the couch near her feet.
She groaned slightly and pulled the blanket over her head. I reached for the light. She sat up and looked around still half asleep.
“Why are you so cheery in the morning?” She yawned and took my oatmeal.
“I didn’t think I was. Do you want some?”
“No, this is fine.” 
I rolled my eyes and said, “I have to get going. Will you come by after work?”
“Of course. Let me know if something happens, though. I don’t want your lawyer to have to tell me the next time you’re arrested.”
“Let’s hope there isn’t a next time, but I’ll do my best.”
I grabbed my coat, phone and keys to the bakery and headed out into another early crisp fall morning. Again, the town had nothing happening. Everything seemed normal, but it never would be again. I wondered what today would bring and if there truly could be a way to get out of this mess. Maybe I shouldn’t have tried to make a go of my bakery in such a small town. Then I thought about David. I wouldn’t have met him if I hadn’t come to Fish Creek Falls. I wanted to call him just to hear his voice, but I felt certain that he’d come into the shop sometime today. I just hoped that the visit wouldn’t be official. 
I unlocked the bakery and switched on the lights. In the back, I hung up my coat, put on my apron and switched on the oven. I went to put the coffee on and realized that the urns still had coffee in them. I had to get things back in order before I could get the regular routine going. I started by getting the coffee urns cleaned and set up to make new coffee. I wondered if anyone would come into the shop this morning. After a while, I had cleaned up and then started the normal routine. When I looked in the refrigerator, I realized that the fresh fruit supply had dwindled and I hadn’t placed an order with everything. I decided to make cinnamon muffins.
I had just put the muffins into the oven when the door opened and the first customer entered. 
“Morning, Green Eyes. How are you doing this morning?”
“Better now that you came in. Coffee?”
“Absolutely. It’s been a long night.”
“What happened?” 
“Kids broke into the gym at school last night and made a mess of it. The janitor had been waxing floors and heard them. He caught one of them, so the rest of the night I ran around waking families up and hauling the rest of the kids to the station.”
“Here you go,” I said as I handed him his coffee.
He took a long sip. “Ah, that’s what the doctor ordered. To make matters worse, I had to do most of it myself because Pete didn’t hear his phone.”
“How many kids were involved?” 
“Six. Well, Green Eyes, much as I’d like to stay,” he said with another gulp, “I have to get home to clean up and get back at it. I’ll let you know if anything comes of a chat with Mark.”
“Thanks,” I said and picked up the bleach water bucket.
As he got to the door, his phone beeped. I nearly dumped the water. He pulled his phone from his pocket and checked it, waved and left.
“Wait, David,” I called after him and plopped the pail on the floor.
“Good morning,” he said into his phone as the door started closing behind him.
The door had barely closed as I got to it just as it swung back open. Rachel walked in and nearly bumped right into me.
“Oh, dahling, you startled me.” 
“Sorry, Rachel. I was trying to catch, David, I mean the Detective.”
“Now, that’s different. Most people do not try to catch police, it’s the other way around. Do I smell some cinnamon scones in the air?”
I sniffed, remembered the muffins and dashed back to the oven to get them out.
“No, just cinnamon muffins this morning, Rachel. Fresh from the oven, though. Can I get you one?”
“Hmm, well, my heart was set on a scone, but you bake such divine treats, I’ll have one with a cup of Earl, please.”
I looked at the tea kettle and realized that I’d forgotten about putting on the water this morning. I put down the muffin tin, filled a cup with water and put it in the microwave. I then went and dumped out the old water from the kettle and put on a fresh pot.
“So, my dear,” she started as I brought her order over, “any news about,” she whispered, “the murder?”
“Not really.”
“Such bad business and bad for business,” she added and looked around.
I smiled as she went on about how small business needs to be supported and how the internet put small business, especially hers with fashion trends as they are, in jeopardy. 
“Well, luckily, most people want to have fresh baked goods and not mail order ones,” I said to try and end the litany.
“Yes, I see your point. Well, I’ll be off. I’m redoing the front window display. You’ll just have to come and see it later.”
“I’ll try. Have a nice day.”
As she left, I went and grabbed my phone. I started to get David, but stopped. If the police phones had the same beep settings, then the beep that Lizzie and I heard last night came from a police phone. How do I ask him that without telling him why I asked? I had to think and get it all put together before I brought David into any of it.
The door opened again and the Redmonds came inside. 
“Good morning,” I called to them as I moved to the counter to get their order.
“Good morning, Myra,” Abe said and Millie smiled.
“What can I get for you folks this morning?”
“I’ll have a decaf coffee with just cream, please,” Millie ordered.
“Another cup of that French Vanilla,” Abe said.
I nodded and made their coffees. No one spoke and I tried to hurry. 
“It has been quite a few days, hasn’t it?” Abe asked.
“Yes, it has,” I answered and waited for him to order something to eat or to say more.
“Myra, I do not think that you are guilty, but it is our job to follow the evidence.” He placed a five on the counter and slid it closer to me.
I smiled, but wasn’t sure what to say. He seemed to be trying to be nice, but still he made it sound like he thought that I’d be convicted.
“Well, good luck to you, Myra. We’ll be seeing you,” he said and took his wife by the elbow and they left without another word.
I rang up the sale and went to finish mixing the new bleach water to wipe down the counters.
Next thing I knew the door opened again. I dropped the cloth into the bleach water and stepped to the sink to wash my hands.
“Good morning,” I called.
No one said anything in response to my greeting. I dried my hands as I turned toward the counter. I saw Peter Lynch standing there.
“What can I get for you, Detective?” I said trying to not be nervous. No one came with him, so I didn’t know what to expect from the visit.
“Coffee. Black,” he said staring at me intently.
“Right.” 
I put the coffee down on the counter and said, “Anything else with that?”
“No,” he pulled out a couple of ones and placed them on the counter, though I’d held my hand out for the money.
“So, business as usual, huh?” he said as he cast a glance around the empty shop. 
“There have been a few people in this morning, but there are extenuating circumstances, as you well know.”
“Not sure why you opened at all.”
Did he mean at all, or just this morning? I just looked at him.
“You know even if you are lucky enough to get off, people might not give you business any way.”
I still just stayed quiet.
“You know we’ve had other outsiders here in Fish Creek Falls and they’ve not been able to make a go of it, either.” 
“What about Mark? He’s not from here and is doing okay,” I said before I could stop myself.
“Yeah, well. He is also a suspect.” He glared. “Who knows? It might come out that you both got rid of Barbara.”
My mouth dropped a bit and I felt sick. I knew that my face betrayed my anger and fear at what he said, but I couldn’t do anything about it.
He looked at his watch and said, “Time to go. Good day, Ms. Bailey.”
I noticed the missing stem to set the time on his watch again. Cold spread through my body as I watched him leave the bakery. He really could make this murder charge stick, if things kept going this way. Mark had become an official suspect and if Lynch had his way, I’d become his accomplice. 
The rest of the morning stayed quiet, but it seemed every time I wanted to think and to make sense of everything, someone would come into the shop. By lunch I had my chance. I thought about calling David to see what had happened with Mark, but I thought it might be better to wait until a bit later in the day when he might make some time to come and see me. 
As I thought, I realized that it was probably pointless to stay open after lunch because it is usually slow in the afternoons; most likely it would be dead today. I shuddered a bit at the phrasing, but cleaned up and got ready to close anyway.
When I had everything ready, I had a twinge of guilt at closing early in spite of the fact that no one would care or have a brownie emergency if I were not open, so I decided to write a note and put it on the door. Then it hit me. The note on the door at Barbara’s had been written in a different handwriting than the other ones. That’s what had bothered me about it—it had been different. What if the killer had written it? Could that have been what the visitor had been after? Not just that because he had stayed too long and moved away from the door. He had keys. I couldn’t breathe. I had to get home, but I needed to tell Lizzie. I whipped out my phone and texted Lizzie, 911 meet me at my house ASAP, and then I taped the note on the door, let myself out and locked it. I hustled down the street and around the corner toward home. As I gasped for breath, I slowed down. In spite of the fact that I had been in decent shape, my anxiety and excitement got the better of my breathing. I got close to my house and decided to go in the back door. I went right into my room and grabbed my pants from last night and flopped on the bed next to them. It all made sense to me, but I wondered if it could possibly be enough because I had no idea what the motive could be. I wanted to call David, but could I trust him with my theory? Maybe I should call Brian and tell him what I had figured out. Then my phone rang and startled me. 
“Green Eyes,” he sounded so tired and worried. “We just finished with Mark. He’s been cleared of the murder.”
“David, I think I know who killed Barbara, but—”
“You do? Well, are you going to enlighten me?” He said in a sort of sarcastic way.
“Are you alone?”
“No,” he answered more seriously.
“Can you get away? I’m at home. Please it’s important.”
“I’ll be there in just a little while. Are you okay?”
“Sort of,” I said truthfully.
“I won’t be long.”
Lizzie arrived and rushed inside. “I came as fast as I could. What’s the emergency? I thought you might have been arrested for a sec, but then you said you were here and so I felt better, but what’s up?”
I waited for her to stop rambling. “Peter killed Barbara.”
“As in Police Detective Peter Lynch? Did you bump your head or something? I know he’s a first class jerk, but a murderer? Why would he kill Barbara?”
“I’m not sure of the why, but I am sure that he is the one. Think about it, Lizzie. He has a police phone that beeps, he had access to the keys to the crime scene and I’ll bet that he wrote the note on the door after he killed her. He had plenty of time to do that and then meet Abe and Millie for coffee at my shop.”
“So he is a male and he had keys to the crime scene and has a beeping phone, why wouldn’t you suspect him? Scratch that, I know why not,” she said and raised her eyebrow slightly.
“Yes, but there’s more.” I told her about the note on the door and the small screw that I’d found that I thought belonged to David’s watch. 
“You mean you think his watch got banged up somehow when he was in the bakery killing Barbara? You need to tell Hunky about this right away.” She said and shook her phone at me to make the point.
“I did. Well, I didn’t tell him, yet. I called and asked him to come over. He should be here any time now.”
Lizzie and I spent the next few minutes thinking about the motive that Peter Lynch might have for killing Barbara and there didn’t seem to be anything that we could think of to be a motive for murder. After all, he investigated murders for a living, why would he commit one?
A car pulled up outside and Lizzie looked out. “Detective Hunky to the rescue.”
I exhaled and tried to keep my cool since telling David that his partner probably had murdered Barbara and had been pinning it on me certainly wouldn’t be easy. I wondered if he’d believe me.
“Hi Green Eyes,” he nodded, “Lizzie. What’s going on?” 
He sat down on the couch and Lizzie and I filled him in on our escapade to the bakery and I told him about the note and the small screw that I’d found. 
“It’s in the pocket of these pants since I didn’t know if any fingerprints or other evidence could be taken from something that tiny, I didn’t touch it without my gloves.”
“But what we don’t know is if there had been something else that the killer had been doing in there.”
He sat quiet and shook his head back and forth ever so slowly. “Do you two know what a world of trouble you have gotten yourself into? I’m not sure even where to start,” he paused.
“Start with, I believe you, Green Eyes,” I said feeling anxious and even the slightest bit angry.
He smiled faintly and said, “I believe you have super circumstantial evidence to support your theory, but you are lacking a motive and I haven’t the slightest idea what that would be.”
“I’m not sure, but he made sure that mine was pretty good, right? He’s even used my chemistry degree against me with the kind of poison,” I rambled.
“What are you talking about?”
“He told me that the castor bean poison had been mixed into the frosting and that that would make me the best suspect, chemistry and baking.”
David looked a bit confused and he stayed quiet for a second.
“Green Eyes, you said that Pete told you the poison was in the frosting?”
“Yes and he said it made perfect sense with my background. What’s wrong?”
“I’m wondering when he found out that the poison was in the frosting.”
“He told me that when he came to arrest me.” I kept going. “You also said that he didn’t hear his phone, but I’ll bet that Lizzie and I heard it clearly enough while at the bakery last night and he came to the shop this morning and basically told me that either both Mark and I or one of us at least would be charged with murder. He sounded like he could make it happen.”
“Well, knowing Peter, I bet he just said things to make him sound important and to scare you. Scared suspects tend to say things that incriminate them.”
“Maybe, but this seemed like he meant it,” I said a bit huffier than I intended.
“I wish that we could think of a way to trick him into confessing,” Lizzie spoke up. 
“That’d solve it,” I added.
We all sat without saying anything right away.
“I have an idea, but I’ll need your help, both of you, to pull it off,” I said.
Lizzie said, “I’m in.”
David looked at me as if trying to will me to tell him my idea before he agreed to it.
“Okay, Green Eyes, but I hope you know what you’re doing.”
I nodded. “Me, too.”
A few minutes later, Lizzie and I set out for Barbara’s Brilliance. I hoped that we would show some of our own brilliance in the plan that I’d devised. David went to get the keys to the bakery.
When Lizzie and I got there, we went to the basement window and slid in just as we had the night before. It seemed a bit spookier by day since the daylight cast ominous shadows on the basement. We were spared all of that with the pitch blackness and rather dim phone lights that we had the last evening. We made our way upstairs and got settled. Lizzie called the Police Station.
“May I speak with Detective Lynch, please? Yes, it is important. It’s about the Simpson murder.” She paused and then added, “Yes, I’ll wait.” After a pause she continued, “Detective Lynch this is Lizzie Stevens. I wanted to call you because I’m worried that MB, um, Myra Bailey is going to do something crazy. She claims that she’s going to find out the truth about Barbara’s murder, no matter what and I’m scared that she’s going to do something crazy.” 
I gestured a question and rolled my hands to get her to speed it up.
“She’s going to Barbara’s bakery,” she looked at her phone and then at me. “Call ended. I think that means he’s on the way.”
“I hope this works,” I said.
A few minutes later, keys rattled in the door. Lizzie sunk down behind the boxes that we’d hid behind last night and I tried to hide near the display case. The bell tinkled once, then twice, and the door shut. 
I peeked out from next to the display case and saw Peter Lynch scanning the shop. He stepped into the room and tossed the keys on the table near where I found the screw. I tried to stay quiet and hidden. I hoped that David would get here soon. To my surprise, he actually pulled up a chair and sat down. I guess he thought that he had beaten me to the shop. 
In spite of the fact that it felt like the worst idea, I thought that I needed to make noise and get this confrontation over with. I nudged the box near me and it made a faint scraping sound. I heard the chair creak as he shifted his weight or got up. 
“Ms. Bailey, is that you?” he said. “It’s Detective Lynch. Come out before you have more trouble.” His voice seemed more animated than usual.
I sat quietly. I didn’t want to make it seem that easy.
I heard his footsteps on the floor and then I decided to move. I stood slowly and moved from my hiding spot. 
“Ah, Ms. Bailey. That’s a good choice.” He smiled.
“How did you know that I was here?” I asked.
“Your friend, Ms. Stevens called me all worried about you. How did you get in?” 
“I got in the same way that I did last night,” I said in a voice a good deal braver than I felt.
He stiffened a bit and his smile faded. “Are you confessing to breaking and entering two times, Ms. Bailey?”
I didn’t say anything. I just looked at him. I hoped I wasn’t wrong after all. If so, then I really would be adding more charges to my indictment. 
“What brings you here, Ms. Bailey? What can you possibly hope to find?”
“The real killer,” I said simply and stared at him.
He looked uncomfortable. I’d never seen him sweat before, but his forehead had gotten shiny. 
“I would have thought there were mirrors in other places besides this bakery.”
“Yes, but you and I both know that I didn’t kill Barbara.”
“Now, how would I know that?”
“Because you did.” 
His eyes widened slightly and then he composed himself again.
“Really? How did you come to that conclusion?”
“I think that you came and killed Barbara, left that note on the door telling people the bakery was closed and then met Abe and Millie Redmond for coffee. This one was closed so you came with them to my bakery and created a nice alibi, at least for the later part of the morning. I think you also decided to make it look like I killed her so that I would leave your precious town.” I stepped back as I saw him clench his fist. 
“You banged up that watch during your struggle and lost a piece of it, or maybe more than one.” I pulled the Ziploc bag from my pocket and showed him the screw, or actually the stem, from his watch.
“I think that you realized that you had lost the piece and came to the bakery last night to retrieve it, but you were interrupted by your phone. There was a problem at the High School and you didn’t go right away because you were here looking around.” 
“That’s a great deal of supposition on your part. How do you suppose that you can prove any of it?”
“I might be in trouble for being in a crime scene, but I was here when you were last night and I saw you,” I lied but he was right. I had nothing solid. I remembered what David said about getting a suspect mad.
“I’m betting that this piece has your finger prints on it from winding and since I have your license plate from your car, I can prove you were here.”
“So, what? I am a Police Detective and I entered a crime scene. No one would even question that.”
“That means you are admitting that you were here, then?” I took another step back and could feel the display case behind me.
He didn’t answer. Then he seemed to be in his own world for a second. He started sighing and clenching and unclenching his fists.
“No one comes into my town and thinks they can fit in and stay. Outsiders. You are all the same.”
“Is that why you framed me for Barbara’s murder?” I croaked. Suddenly my throat had gone dry.
That did it. He lunged at me and his hands closed around my neck. I kicked my knee up and it hit something, but despite the groan, he didn’t let go. Lizzie came out of hiding and hit him on the head with something. He let go long enough to shove her hard into the table. I held my neck and gasped for air. I tried to move away, but I’d boxed myself in pretty well. He came at me again and I ducked and tried to keep him from getting a grip. I reached up and grabbed for anything that I could hit him with and my hands closed on a cake stand. I swung it and it hit him on the side of the head. He crumpled to the floor dazed.
 I heard the bells jangle as the door slammed open. Peter got to his feet and came at me again. David grabbed Peter and pulled him off of me. 
“What are you doing?” David shouted.
 The two exchanged punches and crashed into tables. I went over to Lizzie and pulled her back toward the kitchen. She seemed dazed but watched the brawl with me. David finally pushed Peter back against the same display case that I’d had my back against. He held him up.
“Why? Why would you try to hurt Myra?” he huffed.
“Oh come on, Dave. Don’t tell me you don’t see that she’s just like all the rest of the Outsiders? She’s just here to make money on the small townies and then she’ll leave and the building will be empty all over again.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying that she has to go.” 
The two men stared at one another without another word for what seemed like a really long time.
“Did you kill Barbara to make it look like Myra did it?” He slammed him against the display case. “Did you?”
Peter didn’t answer. 
“Why did you kill Barbara? She wasn’t an Outsider like you’re talking about,” David demanded.
Peter just looked at David who spun him around and handcuffed him in what seemed like a single movement. David stood a chair upright and guided Peter into it. 
 “What are you arresting me for, Dave?” Peter asked smugly.
“Assault right now, but it will be murder soon, buddy.”
I stepped forward. “You made a mistake, Detective.”
He looked at me, but said nothing.
“You wrote the note that the bakery would be closed on your tablet paper. I’m guessing that you thought no one would question or even look twice at the note because people leave notes on their business doors all the time in town, right?”
David went over to the door and looked at the note more closely. “She’s right and I’ll bet that we can match both the paper and the writing.”
Peter just frowned and shifted in his seat.
I hoped that there would be enough to convict him. Then I remembered Lizzie’s job and went behind the boxes to get the recorder. I switched it off and brought it over to David. As I did, I stepped over the cake stand that I’d hit Peter with; it had a plastic chocolate cake on it that now had been broken off. I smiled; glad that I didn’t hit him too hard or it would have been another Death by Chocolate.
About the Author
Originally from a small town in New England, Carol now lives in the Colorado Rockies with her husband and her two rescue cats—Ellie and Bear, who has no tail. She likes to write cozy mystery novelettes and short stories, perfect for the busy person on the go. When she’s not working on her next mystery, she loves any kind of outdoor activity ranging from skiing to cycling to gardening.

 
Other books by Carol Lee
A Dessert First Cozy Mystery Series:
Glazed & Confused: Murder, Thieves and Buried Treasure
Fireworks in the Kitchen
The Secret of the Juggling Bear
Killer Heels
Murdered in Fashion
A Sinful Sweets Cozy Mystery Series:
Deadly Pumpkin Slice
A Catered Christmas Killer

Carol’s books can be read and enjoyed in any order. 


Enjoy a complimentary first chapter from Glazed & Confused: Murder, Thieves and Buried Treasure



CHAPTER 1 

I clicked on the light inside my small bakery. Donning my apron with the chocolate cake logo on it I set to work on the morning routine of making coffee, setting bread dough to rise and making the special sweet treat of the day. Today’s special was cinnamon rolls so before I made a batch of berry muffins, I made the dough and the drizzle for the rolls.
No sooner had I finished putting the drizzle on the nearly plate-sized cinnamon rolls that had become a Saturday favorite, but the clock struck 5am, the door opened and my new door bell jingled to announce my first customer of the day. 
“Morning, Green Eyes,” Detective David Bentley said cheerfully.
“Detective B, what can I get for you this morning?” I said as I wiped my hands on my signature apron with the chocolate cake logo on it.
As I moved to the counter, he said with his best smile, “coffee and a kiss, please,” and then he leaned in and kissed me. I felt warm all over as I pulled back.
“Well, good morning to you,” I said as I barely contained the silly grin that always spread across my face when he and I were together. We’ve been officially dating for six months, but I still felt the same “new romance” excitement with David, even now.
“Smells like Dessert First’s Saturday cinnamon rolls,” he sniffed.
“French Vanilla with cream and no sugar,” I said delivering the cup to the counter.
“Right, no sugar since…”
“You’re sweet enough without it,” I finished his favorite line for him.
Now it was his turn to smile and he took a sip of his coffee.
“Late night or early morning?”
“Both. There’s been another break in. This time Rachel’s clothes shop got hit. They only got a little money, but they made a real mess of things.”
“Oh, that’s terrible. Was there much damage to the shop?”
“Mostly clothes pulled off the racks and she had a display table of vases that were broken.”
“I guess it could’ve been worse. I’ll go over later on and see if I can do anything. Any leads?” 
“This time there was a shoe print, but it looks pretty generic, so it might not be much help.”
“Is it a man or woman’s shoe?”
“Man’s but it’s interesting that you asked because it is only a size 8, so we were thinking a teen, but it could be a woman’s smaller foot, too. Thanks Detective Dessert Lady,” he said as his phone beeped.
“Duty calls, or beeps?”
“Yeah. Still on for dinner tonight?”
“Of course.”
“Great.” He said as he kissed me again. “Hey, you might want to tell Lizzie about the break-in so that it doesn’t come as such a shock to her.”
“You’re right; Lizzie will be devastated if My Sister’s Closet is closed for any length of time.”
We both laughed. Lizzie, my best friend since college, loves clothes and could accessorize anything with a flair rivaling the best clothes designers. 
“I’ll wait till she comes in a bit later so that I don’t wake her up with the bad news.”
“See you tonight,” he waved and the door jingled.
Alone again, I glanced at the back door to the shop and the feeble lock that it had. Then I noticed that the back door had come open. The bottles of oil seemed like they stuck out a bit from the wall. Sometimes things get moved a bit after mopping. I slid the bottles of oil back against the wall with my foot. Maybe I’d go over to the hardware store and pick up a better lock later today. I’d never worried about being robbed before because Fish Creek Falls, being a small town, had few people and held little interest for thieves. Lately, that seemed to be changing, though. Rachel’s shop had been the third business in town to be robbed in the past two weeks. It had been just petty stuff really because no one leaves much money in their stores, but the thieves took cold pills from the pharmacy in addition to the little money that they got from the register. The Sports Shop had some random equipment taken like chalk for climbing, and some camping stuff. 
David’s working theory had been a person or people who needed some money for drugs. I thought that they must be crazy to stick around a small town because there were slim pickings here to support a drug problem.
I finished the last tray of cinnamon rolls and popped the day’s bread and rolls into the oven before the next customer arrived.
“I can’t tell you how happy I am that you are open dreadfully early, Myra dahling. Can I have a cup of Earl? A large one, if you please,” Rachel Anderson, owner of My Sister’s Closet, said as she approached the counter.
“Of course. I’m sorry to hear about your shop. Rough night, huh?”
She looked a little surprised that I knew and a bit deflated that I had stolen her thunder for her announcement.
“Yes. What a ghastly mess they made. I don’t care about the money as much as the senseless destruction. Oh Myra, you’d just be sick to see all of the damage.”
“Can I do anything?” 
“That’s very sweet of you dahling, but I can’t even do anything yet because it is a crime scene or some such nonsense. Oh, thank you, ever so.” She said taking a noisy sip of her tea and sighing.
“Well, I’m sure that they won’t keep it closed off for too long.” 
“They said it will be all day today. That means we will be closed at least today and tomorrow. I’m just sick about it.”
“There is one good thing about it, Rachel,” I said trying to cheer her up. “Think of the fabulous after break in sale that you can have.”
“Oh, dahling, you could be on to something with that. Yes, I can see the possibilities…”
Even though she hadn’t asked, I reached for an orange scone and put it in a small bag. Rachel loved all of my scones, but the orange ones were her most favorite. 
“At least you should keep your strength up,” I said smiling and handing her the bag.
“You are such an angel.” Rachel reached for her purse to pay.
I held up my hand and said, “Not today. It’s the least I can do for you right now. Let me know if you need anything else.”
“Thank you, Myra dahling. So kind.” She repeated the last part again as she left.
I glanced at the clock—nearly six. I thought about texting Lizzie, but it was still too early for her.
The door jingled and in came Willie. He did odd jobs around our town and some of the surrounding areas. Willie often drove a few hours for a job and had become one of the early morning regulars.
“Morning Willie.” 
“Morning Miss Myra. Can I have a coffee and an apple muffin?”
“Of course, but today is cinnamon roll day, so are you sure I can’t interest you in one of them?”
“That’d be fine. Thank you, ma’am.”
“Where are you off to today?”
“Over to Caraway to do some painting in that lawyer Mr. Cahill’s office.” 
I froze for a second and I could feel the heat from the coffee cup in my hand. It had been about six months since Barbara’s death and Brian Cahill had represented me when I had been accused of her murder. I shuddered slightly at the memory.
“Be sure to tell him that I said hello,” I said putting a lid on the cup and cutting a cinnamon roll with extra icing on it for him.
“Can do ma’am.” He said. 
Willie’s face seemed a bit flushed and I realized that he too remembered Barbara. When the police weren’t focused on me as a suspect, they were on him, so we shared that unpleasant experience. I liked Willie. He kept to himself and did really nice work.
“Have you heard about the latest break in at Rachel’s shop?”
He shook his head.
“Yeah, last night. I guess the thieves made quite a mess.” I brought the bag and coffee to the counter. “You might want to swing by today or tomorrow and see if Rachel needs any help with the clean up. I’m sure she’d be grateful for the help.”
“I will stop over later. Thank you, Miss Myra,” he said and put a five on the counter. 
“Anytime.” I gave him his change and he left just as Mark, the owner of the theater, Abe Redmond, the district attorney and his wife Millie all came in at once. Morning rush, I thought.
“Morning everyone,” I said cheerily and went about taking their orders. 
Mark ordered a dozen cinnamon rolls for something at the theater later today.
“I’ll have a coffee and a cinnamon roll and my wife will have a cup of tea and a roll, as well,” Abe said. Millie nodded and smiled. Usually, Millie said very few words and rarely came in without her husband.
As the Redmonds were paying for their breakfast, the door opened and in came Joe Rice, the butcher in town. Joe “The knife” had once been a professional fighter and after he retired came to Fish Creek Falls and opened the butcher shop. I didn’t really know him all that well. He seemed pretty quiet at the Main Street Merchants meetings for the shop owners and because I didn’t buy too much fresh meat, I didn’t go into his shop much. I loved baking, but cooking meals never had been my favorite. Since I’d been making my cinnamon rolls as a Saturday special, he’d been coming in without fail. 
“Morning everyone,” he said as he came to the counter.
“Morning, Joe. Cinnamon roll? Coffee?”
“You bet. Two rolls today, please,” he said and held up two beefy fingers to emphasize the point. The Medic Alert bracelet peeked out of his sleeve. Joe had a peanut allergy. He’d asked me when I first opened about how much peanut oil I used and in what items so he could steer clear of potential harm.
“You got it.”
As I made his coffee and bagged his cinnamon rolls, he and Abe exchanged pleasantries. I waved as they were leaving, but Millie stopped at the display case where I placed the custom orders of birthday, wedding and other occasional items.
“So, are you going to the merchants meeting on Monday?” Joe asked as I folded the top of the bag over.
“I plan to go.”
“Well,” he said as I brought his order over. “I hope I can count on you for the vote about the revitalization project.”
Millie and Abe stayed at the display case, but said nothing.
“Count on me in what way?” I asked as I made change for the twenty that he’d placed on the counter.
“I think we should slow down on the campaign to get more businesses in town. We need to allow the businesses here to take hold and to grow. We don’t need more congestion in town. People come to a small town to get away from the hustle and bustle and to keep a low profile.”
“A few more businesses in town could be a good thing so that people can get what they need close by and not have to drive to Caraway or even all the way to North Lake for supplies and services.”
“So you’re siding with the ‘townies’ then?” Joe said with a sneer that I hadn’t ever seen before.
“I’m not sure that there are really sides exactly,” I said a bit unsure of what to say or do. It seems a casual question was turning into something a bit more intense.
“Hmph. I guess I should’ve expected to be Ms. Peacemaker,” he glared, but didn’t elaborate.
“I think I’ll probably listen to the plans and the pros and cons before I make a final decision,” I said.
“I am trying to tell you about the cons, Myra. You would see the deterioration of the town with too much new business. Traffic will be a new problem, parking; even unsavory people may begin to move into the town. Mark my words; it is bad for Fish Creek Falls and those of us who enjoy the small town environment.”
I tried to think of something to say to smooth things over, but it seemed that he wanted to be mad no matter what I said.
“Well, judging by your attitude, you’ll be siding against me. I guess I have wasted my breath on you.”
He turned to leave.
“Joe, I said that I would listen to the plan and the different aspects of it and I meant it. I will do what I think is best and it is not personal in any way.” My voice got a bit higher because I’d gotten upset that he made me sound so closed-minded.
The door opened and in came Lizzie. “Hi MB! How are you this fine morn...?” she stopped in her tracks at the scene of Abe, Millie and Joe staring at me.
No one spoke and she stopped near Millie and Abe. 
“Well, it is personal because I asked you for your support, but you refused me.” He lowered his voice, “No one crosses me, you’ll see.” He tossed the bag of cinnamon rolls back at me and stormed out of the shop.
“Wow, what was that about, MB?” Lizzie said and moved toward the counter.
“It seems that Ms. Bailey is making friends in town,” Abe said trying to sound jovial. “Don’t worry, he’ll calm down—eventually that is.”
The Redmonds left and Lizzie came behind the counter with me. 
“So, what happened with Muscles?” 
“I’m not really sure to tell you the truth. He asked me about the merchants meeting and how I planned on voting for the new business initiative and…”
“He freaked over your answer, huh?” She picked up a cinnamon roll and took a big bite.
“Yeah, but I’m not sure why. The whole thing is still in the talking phase, we haven’t even decided on any PR stuff or a ad campaign or anything.”
“So does he want to expand or stay small?” She mumbled through another bite of cinnamon roll.
“He wants the town to stay as is. Maybe I should bring him his cinnamon rolls this afternoon and make up.”
“What? He behaved badly and you are going to bring him cinnamon rolls? You’re nuts, MB.”
“No, I’m not. I don’t want a conflict with him. The town is too small to have a grudge develop—even if it expands at some point,” I handed her a paper towel to wipe the icing off her face.
“I’ll go just after I close up.”
“I can come back later to close up for you. Doesn’t Joe close his shop earlier than yours on Saturday?”
“I’m not sure,” I grabbed my phone and looked up his hours. “You’re right. He closes at two on Saturdays. Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“Me? Mind—no, anything to get you moving in time so we can get going in time.”
“In time for what?” I asked totally clueless about what she was talking about.
“You are so kidding me, right?”
“Absolutely. So tell me anyway,” I smiled sheepishly.
“You really have forgotten? Oh MB, you are too much.”
I shrugged.
“Fine. Tonight is the regional Elite Fashion Show in North Lake with the designers that have almost made it in New York City.”
I looked blank.
“Honestly. I’m not sure why I’m your friend. You will come with me still, right?”
I just blinked.
“They’ll be serving a three course dinner,” she said looking at me like she would a dog while holding a treat.
“Three courses, huh? Well, in that case, I’d love to go,” I smiled.
She threw the paper towel back at me. The door jingled and three people dressed in white coveralls entered. There were two men and a woman. 
“Good morning. What can I get for you folks this morning?”
“The fresh cinnamon rolls that are as big as a plate really are totally amazing,” Lizzie added.
“Well, I’ll have some French Vanilla coffee with cream and sugar and one of those rolls,” said the taller man with dark hair.
“I’ll have regular coffee with four sugars,” said the other man who wore sunglasses and was a full head shorter than the other.
“Miss?” I asked the woman with a few blonde wisps of hair peeking out from the cap that she wore. She seemed a bit squirmy or nervous and also really out of place in her uniform. She pushed her hands in her pockets. I wondered if she had just started with the company because she looked pretty right down to her white sneakers. I waited and looked at the hat closer. The name of the company was in the shape of a mop. “Mop it Up”. It sounded like a cleaning company, but they were dressed more like painters.
“She’ll have a decaf coffee with cream and sugar,” said the tall man.
“Sure,” I said and started pouring coffee.
“Are you passing through?” I asked conversationally.
“No. We’re working in town. Right now we’re at the Sports Shop to clean up after their robbery.”
“Oh, I didn’t realize they’d contracted with anyone to clean up,” I said bringing the three coffees over to the counter and grabbing the cinnamon rolls.
“Our business is to clean and restore from water damage, fires and robberies, etc. Here’s a card in case you ever need us.” 
 I took the money for the coffee and the card.
“On second thought, I think I’ll add a cinnamon roll, too,” said Sunglasses.
“You’ve got it.” I said and put another one in the bag. I was down to my last tray already. I loved making something that became a favorite for people. 
He handed the coffees to the other two and when she pulled her hand out of her pocket, I could’ve sworn I saw something flutter to the ground.
“Have a nice day,” I said as the three filed out.
“That’s weird,” I said. “The lady seemed about as quiet as Millie Redmond and as much like a cleanup worker as you do.”
Lizzie looked at her black boots, stylish skirt and sweater that she had on and then looked at me.
“Maybe she’s new? She might just need a job and took anything, even if it isn’t her style.” Lizzie said.
“I guess,” I said and looked at the card. The address was from Wilson, it was a nearly four hour drive from here.
“Well, as interesting as this morning has been here, I think I’ll head over to Rachel’s and then grocery shopping before coming back to close this afternoon.
“Oh, I almost forgot. Rachel’s is closed today because she got robbed last night.”
“No way!” she yelled and then tried to compose herself.
“I’m sorry. I meant to break the news to you gently.” 
“Very funny.”
“How much was taken, do you know? Does Detective Hunky have any leads?”
“I guess not too much cash, but they made quite a mess. She should be open in a couple of days.” I started to make a fresh urn of coffee. “David said that they have a footprint this time.”
“I hope she’ll be able to have her annual spring unveiling for her new spring line. A footprint is good.”
“Well, it might be, but I’m not sure it will help when there is nothing to compare it to, yet.”
“I’m sure he’ll save the day. Hey, you didn’t make plans with him for tonight?”
“Not tonight, so you’re lucky my social calendar is clear for tonight.” 
We laughed. Lizzie stayed just a little while longer while another “rush” of people came in and cleaned me out of the cinnamon rolls. I glanced at the counter where the bag of two rolls were for Joe and was glad that I’d set them aside. I texted David that I had to cancel the dinner plans because I’d forgotten the plans with Lizzie. He texted back: Rain check tomorrow
The rest of the morning flew by with a steady drip of people coming in to the shop. At the lull at lunchtime I cleaned up and made one final urn of coffee. I washed down the counters and put the last Death by Chocolate cake in the display case. Lizzie would be back in awhile and I could head over to Joe’s. Then I thought about the encounter again. It seemed a bit odd to be that angry at me for potentially voting for something. I’d seen him be upset with others at the merchant’s meeting in the past, but I’d never really been on his radar. I know that expansion in a small town can be a tough thing. A bit more diversity and the ability to draw some new people to the town can keep it alive and without the new influx, the town would age and then close down. 
Fish Creek Falls had charm. Its quaint Main Street had an old-fashioned look, but the shops themselves were up-to-date and offered nice variety. I didn’t want to lose the quaint feel of the town either, but no one planned on bringing in a big chain department store or anything crazy like that. The two vacant buildings in town were renovated and ready for new life. The one between Joe’s Butchery and the Sport Shop had a nice big display window and a pretty roomy front area that could be for an office, a café or a store-front. It held some good possibilities. Lizzie and I had peeked in the window after it had been finished. 
The door jingled and Lizzie came in all dressed for her short shift in the bakery. She had on her Dessert First t-shirt, designer jeans and the whitest sneakers that I had ever seen.
“MB, I’m ready for work.” 
“How is it that you even look dressed up in jeans?”
“Because I have a flair for fashion that’s why. I can’t wait for you to see what I’m wearing tonight.” She said and then a look of panic crossed her face. “What are you wearing tonight?”
“I’m not sure.” I brushed the flour from my jeans and took off my apron. These jeans aren’t too bad.”
Lizzie looked pale and her mouth opened and closed without a sound. 
“I’m just kidding. I wouldn’t do that to you.”
With a sigh of relief she laughed and went right into her thoughts about what I should wear. I handed her the apron and grabbed the bag of cinnamon rolls.
“Thanks for watching the shop, Lizzie.”
“No problem. Go mend your fences.”
I walked across the street and then down a few blocks. The bright sun made it a pretty stroll. Some people walked and milled around, but typically the town seemed quiet on Saturday afternoons and today was such a nice day, I bet most people were at the park or working outside at their houses by this time. 
I took a deep breath before going inside the butchery. I hoped that he’d calmed down and also that he didn’t have a knife handy. I grabbed the handle and pushed open the door. No one was inside.
“Hello?” I called. “Joe?”
No answer. I did hear the radio on in the back, so maybe he couldn’t hear me. I went to the counter and saw that there was a note on an index card by the bell to ring for service. “Back in ten,” it said. I plopped the bag of cinnamon rolls on the counter and waited. I looked around. Three chairs stood near the window and they were bathed in sunlight. The block windows next to the counter where I stood let in much less light, but gave the wall character as they were in the shape of a letter “J”. 
“Joe?” I called again. I wondered how far into the ten minutes it was. Then I felt a bit weird being all by myself in the shop. I reached for the notepad near the register and scribbled a note to put with the bag. 
Joe, I hope this will help to smooth things over. Enjoy! Myra
I left the shop. Outside I noticed a white van in front of the Sport’s Shop. I couldn’t see any markings on the van, but I thought that it might belong to the crew that had come into the bakery this morning. I walked slowly back to the bakery. I took my time since Lizzie had my shop under control and the sunshine felt so warm. It seemed especially quiet in town today, but I actually liked that because it made it seem like the nice weather was all for me. I guess I could see why this type of moment would appeal to Joe. I glanced back at the Butcher shop. I wondered why he hadn’t just closed up since it seemed as though his ten minutes had become a bit longer and it neared the time for him to close anyway.
“Maybe he lost track of time in the beautiful day,” I said aloud.
Back in the bakery, I helped Lizzie with closing and we walked to my house to relax until it would be time to get ready for the fashion show.
We were relaxing on the back porch when my phone rang.
“Where are you, Green Eyes?”
“Home. Why?”
“How long have you been there?” 
“Not sure, about fifteen minutes or so. What’s going on?”
“Look, just stay there. I’ll call you back in a while.”
The call ended.
“That’s weird. That was David and he wanted to know how long I’d been home.”
“Why?”
“No idea. He just said to stay here and he’d call back.”
“Did he sound upset or excited like he planned a romantic surprise for you?” Lizzie sighed dramatically.
“Upset and I’m worried, Lizzie.”
 “Well, let’s not worry until we know what is going on.”
 “Right,” I said as I bit the inside of my cheek.
 “Hey, let’s look for an outfit for you to wear tonight. That should be a good distraction.” Lizzie grabbed my hand and dragged me to my feet.
After three outfit changes, my phone rang again.
 “Green eyes?”
 “What’s going on? You sound upset?”
“It’s not good. Joe Rice was found dead this afternoon.”
“What? That’s awful! How? What happened?”
“I can’t give you much at this point, but it doesn’t look like natural causes.”
“No way. Murder?”
“Who? What happened?” Lizzie started and I held up my hand.
She got quiet, but leaned in to try and hear what David said.
“Definitely suspicious circumstances because there were no visible signs of foul play, but it had to have happened around one this afternoon.”
I gasped. “One?” I said weakly.
“Yeah. The problem is that no one seems to have been around at all until a little while ago. No one seemed to see anything strange or out of the ordinary.”
“The street was pretty empty this afternoon,” I said as I tried to muster the confidence to tell him that I was in fact there at the time or close to the time of the murder.
“Hey, Green Eyes, what time did Joe come into the bakery today?”
“Um, I’m not sure… around six thirty or so. Abe and Millie Redmond and Lizzie were all there when he lost his cool.”
“Maybe I better come over. I’ll see you in a few.”
“What happened? Did I get the clues right? What happened to Joe?” Lizzie said as soon as I hung up.
“Joe died this afternoon.”
“That’s awful what happened?”
“I have no idea what happened, but David asked me when Joe came into the shop today.”
“Do they have any leads?”
“It doesn’t sound like they have many leads at this point.” I sat on the bed. “He’s on his way over now.”
“So why were you telling him about the empty streets?”
“He died around one and he said there seemed to be no witnesses.”
“Oh no. MB, you were there around one!” She shook my shoulders as if the yelling didn’t emphasize that point enough.
“I know. I have to tell him when he gets here.”
“Oh no you don’t. Be smart and wait until we even know if that is important or not.”
“Lizzie, I trust David. He’ll make sure its okay, but it wouldn’t look good for him if I withheld information and he had to find out that I didn’t confide in him.”
“Don’t get me wrong, Detective Hunky is great, but still he’s a cop that has to do his job and you are putting yourself right in the middle of a Police investigation.”
“I am in the middle of a Police investigation.” I said with a sudden wave of nausea. “What if I could’ve helped him somehow?”
“Where was he?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then how do you know that you could’ve done anything to help him?”
“I’m not sure. I just feel awful.”
“Well, that’s different than feeling responsible; because you are not.”
 “I guess.”
“I know. Let’s go make some lemonade. Maybe Hunky will be thirsty.”
I smiled. At least I’d get to see him for a bit. Not the circumstances that I planned, but still a visit.
By the time David’s car pulled up we had managed to make a pitcher of lemonade and to get seated on the back deck again. David made his way outside and Lizzie poured him a glass and handed it to him before he could even sit down.
“I could use more than this, right now, but duty calls.” He said.
“What’s going on?” Lizzie asked.
“Joe Rice died this afternoon and it appears a bit suspicious in that he may have died from anaphylaxis.”
“How awful!” Lizzie said. “What did he have an allergy to or do you know?”
“Peanuts,” I said at the same time David did. 
He looked at me. “How do you know that?”
“I know because he told me about it not too long ago when he wanted a cinnamon roll one Saturday morning. He wanted to double-check to make sure that I didn’t use it in anything that he might eat.”
Lizzie looked a bit shocked and worried. When I looked at her expression, I knew that she wanted me to be quiet in case I offered something that made me more involved somehow.”
“I see. Well, do you use any peanut oil in your cooking—sorry— your baking?” David always called what I did cooking and since I really was a terrible cook, I corrected him because in the bakery I bake and there is a difference. I can whip up a cake or chocolate mousse, but ask me to cook a roast or something and I’m lost.
“I have a bottle of peanut oil, but I rarely use it for anything.”
His phone buzzed and he read the text that came through.
“I may not want to hear anymore.” He said starting to stand up.
“What? Why? David?”
“That text gave me more information from the preliminary findings from the coroner. Anaphylaxis is definitely the cause of death.”
“So, why the exit stage left?” Lizzie asked clunking her lemonade down.
“Because they found peanut oil in the coffee that he’d been drinking when he died.”
“So?” Lizzie pressed.
“So the cup came from Myra’s bakery.”
“That can’t be. David, he came in this morning. He would have died much earlier in the day if I had done anything to the coffee.” My voice sounded almost squeaky as I tried to contain myself.
“If he drank it then, right? He may have been busy and put it aside.”
“Are you saying that MB could’ve put peanut oil into Joe’s coffee? Why on earth would she do something like that?”
“What I’m telling you is that he died because of an allergic reaction to peanut oil that was found in the cup of coffee that he bought from Dessert First.”
“You don’t believe that I did anything like that, do you?”
“Of course not, but I need to protect the integrity of the investigation.” He leaned over to kiss me. 
“Where was Joe found?” I asked, interrupting the kiss.
“In the back; at his desk near the cooler.” 
“Did he have the cinnamon rolls with him back there?”
“No, there were no cinnamon rolls at the scene.”
“That’s weird. I brought a bag of cinnamon rolls over and since the note on the bell said that he’d be back in ten minutes, I wrote a note and left them on the counter near the register and left.”
“When did you go there?”
“You’re not going to like this,” Lizzie added.
“I got there a few minutes before one.”
“Why did you go there? Did you hear or see anything out of the ordinary?”
“Not that I can think of, but I’d only been in there one other time and so I’m not sure that I would know if something had been off.”
Lizzie and I told him about the scene in the morning and how he had thrown the rolls back at me. He still stood like he was about to leave, but asked more questions about my walk over and back and about the cinnamon rolls and note that seemed to have disappeared from the shop altogether. He thought it might actually be good for me that Abe and Millie were there as witnesses because they could attest to the fact that he got mad at me and not the other way around. Lizzie could be a witness, but since she was a close friend, her credibility was lessened.
After he left, Lizzie and I tried to make sense of everything. Things didn’t add up. It couldn’t have been a freak accident because peanut oil just doesn’t get dribbled into a cup of coffee by accident. If it was suicide then where was his note? What about the disappearing cinnamon rolls and note? That made the whole thing really puzzling? Why would anyone take the note that I’d written?
Finally after hashing over the same questions without getting anywhere with the answers, Lizzie looked at her watch.
“Hey, we better get a move on or we’ll be late, MB.”
“Are you serious? You still want to go?”
 “Why not? David said to keep on doing normal stuff for now, so let’s go and be normal by going out on a Saturday night.”
“I guess you’re right.”
“Of course I am. Remember that for future reference.”
Going to the fashion show actually helped with distracting me from thinking about Joe and all of the questions that were raised associated with his death. Lizzie could barely contain her excitement and even an autograph from one of the almost famous designers who milled through the tables after her part of the show. 
After a long shower, I turned off the light and a barrage of thoughts kept me awake for a while. The biggest question had to be motive. There were other questions, but that one seemed the most pressing because how can you line up suspects when no one seemed to be one? 
 I looked at the clock at 2:05am for the last time before finally falling asleep. Shortly after three my phone rang and woke me up.
“Hello?’ I groaned into the phone.
“Green Eyes? You need to come to your shop. There’s been a break in here.”
I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of Glazed & Confused: Murder, Thieves and Buried Treasure. Click here to continue reading. 








