Shadow Town
Maggie Lane Chronicles #1
By Robyn Jones

All Rights Reserved.
Copyright 2014 by Robyn Jones
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Cover Art by Jaclyn Canada @ jcbookhaven.blogspot.com



Table of Contents 
Acknowledgements
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty-one
Twenty-two
Twenty-three
Twenty-four
Twenty-five 
Books by Robyn Jones
About the author


Acknowledgments
To my boys who hug me with two arms and sweet smiles, you remind me to dream. To my beta readers who love Miss Maggie Lane so much you all want to play her in our imaginary movie, LJ, Shann, Erica, Mary, Jill, and Susie, thank you for your support and various reenactments of Maggie’s snarky comments. To LJ and Jaclyn Canada, thank you for taking on the task of editing. Yikes. To my dear friends in the blogosphere, you prove book bloggers are the coolest people. I have made friends for life. I love you guys.
One
“Are you kidding me? Branden, the Haas’ are late on their electric bill! I was just over there yesterday. I had my damn checkbook in my hand and I asked them if they were behind.”
There is no doubt in my mind what that Minerva Power truck is doing in their driveway. It’s the same routine. My evil father accepts a rental application from some wonderfully kind family who can’t afford our neighborhood. As soon as they miss a payment, he ousts them for a Shadow. That’s what I call people who carry death with them. I’ve been able to see the darkness my whole life, a useless gift that gave me a comfy seat on too many shrink couches as a kid. It’s not like I have special powers. I see an inky sort of cloud that hovers around them. Them being the majority of the tenants in my father’s strange town within a town. 
Sometime back, my father got it into his head to build a village, not with huts and archaic stones to keep the tide from washing away homes. No, Frank Beeker came up with a mini-town that’s a cross between crazy recluse commune and Beverly Hills gated community. 
Twenty-three houses, one small cafe, one kitschy store, a medical clinic, and an indoor Olympic-sized pool, make up the place I call home. The pool house is the big draw for me, besides the awesomely huge pool, there’s a hot tub. To top it off, I have my own hours in the morning that exclude the rest of the neighborhood. 
Of the twenty-three houses, only five, (not including mine that I share with my best friend, Branden Mills), have normal families living in them. The rest are Shadows. Every eviction brings one more to the town, to my dad’s Pearl Estates. The name is cheesy, I know. I didn’t have a say in what to call this bizarre Shadow home, just as much as I didn’t have a say in my birth name, Marguerite Lane Beeker. It’s Maggie Lane now.
“Maggie, you can’t save everyone in this town. You work all the time at the restaurant only to hand most of what you make to those deadbeats.”
As Branden walks down the stairs in his heavy cotton, pristine-white towel wrapped around his waist, water droplets sparkle all over his body. He’s pretty for sure, but not hot. He’s just a little taller than my 5’8 frame, and I would venture we weigh almost the same, the complete opposite of hot. A guy has to have some bulk, that’s one of the guy/girl rules. Not like I have any experience in the matter. I’m nineteen and haven’t even made out with a guy. Just spend five days with my mother’s father, and you’d have an idea why I haven’t been able to trust guys. Not to mention a dad like mine, who did his best to scare the crap out of me my whole life, it’s no wonder I steer clear.
Branden pushes me to switch teams. He’s been my best friend since I ran away from home when I was sixteen and moved across the country from my lovely Montana to New York. My third day there I found him playing pool. I liked him on the spot, maybe even loved him. His soft hazel-brown eyes that match his straight-as-a-board hair, cut pretty-boy short, and his pitchy voice, especially when he’s teasing me, make him kind of irresistible.
“I can’t believe you, Branden. You know what this means. My dad will be here any minute with a Shadow ready to move in.” He rolls his eyes at me.
“Have you bothered to talk to any of them? They’re not as bad as you think.” I throw the wet dishtowel at him and grab my checkbook.
“Maybe it’s not too late.” It is. I know it, but I can’t help myself. I really like the Haas family. I run down the stairs, out the front door, and down more stairs. Our house is a split entry with three stories. The ground level consists of a large garage and an equal size den. Theoretically, it’s a den; we never use the space. The second floor is all about the living room, kitchen, and bathroom. The third floor only gets better with two bedrooms, an awesome shared bathroom, and an art studio.
The hot, sticky air hitting my arms and legs reminds me I’m not all that presentable. I never am. Either I dress down too much during the day or too slutty at night for my other job. T&A often compensate for a bad attitude.
“Kenny, I was just here yesterday. Why didn’t you tell me?” Mr. Haas, as my dad told me to call him, is a thirty-something computer technician who still can’t make the money to pay for this place. He’s cute, in a nerdy sort of way, and his wife has the whole type-A personality thing going on. One thing about them though, they made a beautiful kid, Kenny Jr. Terrible name, but I told them that already.
“You can’t give us money every month. At first we thought it was from your cushy trust fund.” Yes, I have one of those, but I don’t touch it. “Doris down the street said she saw you working nights at Raccoon Pete’s. I asked Branden about it. You use that money for the renters who need help.” Fucking Branden. What’s up with that? It’s like he’s working with the Shadows or something. First, he defends them this morning, now I hear he’s outing me. I hate being outed for generosity. It gives off the wrong impression, like I’m kind or nice. I make people cry, and I cuss in front of children.
“Fuck, Kenny. Don’t go off Branden.” Junior is repeating my favorite cuss word while his mom crosses her arms and glares at me. My approving nod brings out the toe tapping. So I’m not the best influence. I get that. 
“Maggie, you’re too good for this place. What are you doing here? Frank is a wretched man. I know he’s your father, but I’ve seen the way he behaves around you, like there’s one way for you to respond or else. That’s not okay. Come with us. Even with all the swearing, we’d take you.” They’re already leaving? Before I can ask them any questions, a familiar black Escalade screeches around the cul-de-sac. My heart sinks. I hate seeing him, more than hearing him call me names, I hate looking at my father’s face. 
“Mags, there you are.” What an ass. He found out that variation of my name pissed me off. If he’s not calling me a bad word, it’s Mags. “I’ve been calling you all morning.” Liar. He’s saying that for the Shadow he has in the backseat. I can’t see the newest resident’s face behind the heavily tinted windows, but I know he’s there. I can sense him. My stomach reacts the same way every time. It’s not quite knotting or tweaking, but it does this funny thing that makes me feel like I just took speed or chugged three Mountain Dews (my favorite pop, by the way). 
“Mr. Haas, I expect you’re cleared out.” He has a professional voice that doesn’t sound like he’s been beating the crap out of me since I could crawl. I can tell he’s drunk though, he always looks like Rudolph after a few too many. 
My dad has about twenty odd years on my mom. He won’t tell me his exact age, so I round up. My guess is sixty. He looks it, with his thick mane of gray hair and deep crow’s feet, which usually mean the person spent his life smiling, but not him. He never smiles, or least the sentiment never reaches past his gross mouth. He has a beak for a nose. His chin has a pit in it that draws my focus every time he’s in front of me. His complexion is nothing like mine. He’s tan, but that’s fake baking. I don’t know what’s underneath. 
The one thing about Frank that makes him formidable is his height. He towers at 6’6, with big fat paws that deliver backhands perfectly. My mom is a tiny thing compared to him with her 5’4” frame. I inherited her coloring, the fair, rosy skin, and the soft, reddish-brown semi-curly hair, which I wear way past my shoulders. She wears hers cropped around her face, making her appear even younger than her measly thirty-six years.
“Yes, Frank. We’re just about to hand the keys over to Maggie.” My dad clears his throat, working at not reacting to being called by his first name. I tried once. It wasn’t pretty. 
“Dad, why didn’t you tell me about this? I’m the property manager here.” I do my best to keep my tone even and as far from whiny as possible, but my voice has a certain effect on him. I see his hands clench into fists. Kenny sees it too.
“Maggie, it’s already done. It’s time to move on. The offer still stands. Come with us.” I lose my breath. He said that right in front of my dad. Almost fluidly and very un-drunk-like, Frank steps in and slaps me across the face, no hesitation, no thought. I fight the instinctive response of a child to look hurt and scared. This time it’s harder because I believed Frank would never do that again. If he’d just promised with a solemn expression, I would have stayed on the East Coast, but we made a written agreement.
I taste blood in my mouth and see the horror on the faces of the soon-to-be-departing family. Kenny would never hit someone. He shakes off the initial shock and moves in front of me. He wants to adopt me on the spot even though I’m of age. I don’t look it, especially when I walk around in oversized boy’s T-shirts and shorts. 
Branden charges out of the house. “Mr. Beeker, don’t touch her again.” Branden doesn’t say he’s going to rip my dad to pieces, but we all get the message. 
I nod to let the Haas’ know they can take off. I want to blurt out I’ll miss them, but that will only piss off Frank further, so I mouth a goodbye and turn away before I get emotional. 
The window of the Escalade opens a crack, summoning my ass-face father. Next thing I know, the Haas family pull out of the garage and leave forever, and my dad and the new Shadow pull in. The garage door closes, offering Branden the opportunity to give me a once over.
“I’ll kill him, Maggie. I promise he won’t do that again.” I look away. I never talk about Frank Beeker, not even to Branden.
“We can leave now, the two of us,” I tell him in a rush of words. “He broke the deal.” The much-brokered arrangement that took me from a hospital bed in DC, back home. I was brought there after I finally found my grandfather, and my grandfather found me. It wasn’t good for either of us. The encounter cost me two weeks in the hospital and him a wood box, considering what was left of him, a tin can. 
“No. We’re settled here. I’ll take care of Frank. I promise.” Branden was the one who urged me to come home. He told me that after what I went through, I should be in a familiar place. Well, it’s been two years since those five days in my grandfather’s basement, and I still have nightmares. This place isn’t healing me at all. 
The garage door opens. My dad and his oversized SUV pull out. “Mags, meet the new tenant. Be nice and give him a tour.” My dad’s voice sounds shaky, and from what I can see, he looks deathly pale. Maybe he’s about to have a heart attack. Then my hatred for him will truly be tested. 
Branden slides his arm in mine and guides me into house number two.
“Hi, I’m-” I stop cold. I see the black cloud, that’s a given. Beyond that, blond hair and blue eyes. Sounds generic, but both come across as striking. Disheveled, honey-gold hair long enough to comb my fingers through. And those eyes, I don’t think even my favorite painter, Chagall, knew blue this brilliant. His high cheekbones, creamy skin, and wet lips have me standing speechless. 
In his mid-twenties, he’s tall, not freakish like my dad. He’s wearing a black dress shirt that accentuates his broad shoulders, and I see the chest definition with what little he’s sharing. I try so hard not to peer around him, but my body shifts not a bit inconspicuously. Yep, his black slacks sit there on his ass in a way that has me blushing. I want to see him in swim shorts. That’s what keeps whispering in my mind. 
I go swimming every morning at nine. For two glorious hours, the pool is closed for my use only. That was part of the deal. I can’t seem to start my day without first swimming laps for an hour, then floating around in the water before hitting the hot tub. Normally, I wouldn’t use a public hot tub, no way, but I’m in charge of having the facilities cleaned. I know the job is done well.
“Maggie, right?” I nearly cringe at his knowing smile. I was checking him out; the only thing left for him to do is smile. Branden isn’t as kind. He’s laughing, the best friend rude kind. 
“Right, that’s me. So did you take a virtual tour before signing the lease?” He nods. “Great, I guess I don’t have to show you around.” Branden elbows me.
“Oh, I would still like a tour if you don’t mind. I’m Damon Charles.” Damon. I am not the type to write a boy’s name down with loopy letters and cutesy hearts, but I hear his name swirling around in my head and I want to kick him in the shins just to center myself again. 
I guide him to the designer kitchen. We’re greeted with dark granite counter tops; all of the houses have them, along with cherry wood cabinets and cork flooring. The appliances have the sleek, single man look, stainless steel and glass. A handful of the Shadows came in pairs. He’s alone. I take an obvious look for a wedding ring. I don’t go unnoticed. Branden laughs again. 
I usher Damon and the teasing best friend to the back deck. It’s made of recycled plastic, so the boards never need to be sanded down and stained. It opens to a medium-sized lawn. If he pays extra with his rent, and all the Shadows do, we have a lawn service that takes care of it. 
I do our own lawn at my house. I say mine because that was part of the agreement. When you stand on the balcony to my bedroom and the moon is full, the faraway mountains feel close enough to smell snow.
“Parties are allowed, but keep it down. If the police are notified, so is my dad, and no one wants that, right? Keep the volume in check. Mostly, I hate bass. When my head hits the pillow, it will be me in pajamas, pissed as hell, standing on your doorstep, and I’m no picnic.” He gives me a devilish grin, showing off a perfect smile, perfect in a hot way. His two front teeth are slightly crooked and his eyeteeth, (my grandfather, the crazy dead bastard, called them vampire teeth), are kind of pointy like mine. Makes him seem a bit on the dark side. It doesn’t help that he’s a Shadow and all Shadows make me jumpy. 
“Well, Maggie, I’ll have to test that out. See if you really come in your pajamas.” Oh my goodness, he’s flirting. I’m used to the blatant ass grabbing approach at work. I’m pretty sure he grabbed my ass, verbally that is. I feel the heat in my cheeks and silently cuss my mom out for giving me such fair skin. 
I head back inside, having nothing to say to that comment. I was born with no charm whatsoever. The living room is a wide-open space with high vaulted ceilings and a large fireplace. The only thing with these homes is the way my dad did all the windows. I would put skylights everywhere and floor to ceiling glass doors, the works. We’re within spitting distance of Glacier National Park and the views are breathtaking. Not really spitting distance, ninety minutes away, but still, in an empty state, that’s practically next door. Every house has elegant, if not gaudy, drapes. I’ve mentioned to my ass of a father that it was poor designing not taking advantage of the beauty outside. Every couple of years he does a complete overhaul. That’s when the environmental decks and cork flooring came into the picture, but the drapes remain.
“Do you enjoy using a fireplace? Not right now with it being so hot out. I think this is the hottest July on record. I’m soaked through my shirt and the A/C is on.”
“Yes, you are soaked through.” Hey, that was flirting again. He’s flushed, but he’s not sweating, neither is Branden. Branden never sweats. It only adds to his girliness. A guy has to sweat. I say that like I have rules. I don’t.
“Moving on. In addition to the great room, the main floor has a bedroom/study, a full bathroom, and a laundry room. Upstairs, you have two fairly large rooms, a half bath, and a traditional master bedroom.”
As we walk up the stairs, I notice my legs are coated in sweat. Why am I so hot? So hot, in fact, the world around me spins. I slump down on the steps out of breath and out of focus. Branden picks me up and carries me the rest of the way, carefully placing me on one of the plush beds the house came furnished with. 
Mrs. Haas would have followed the move out terms of the lease to the letter. The floors, stove, fridge and carpets would be pristine. 
“Maggie, you’re okay.” I hear Branden, but I can’t focus on his face or on the person next to him. Even as a blur, Damon is pretty. “Drink this.” He sits me up enough to sip ice-cold water. 
“This is the worst tour ever,” I say between sips. A wet washcloth is placed on my forehead. Damon arrived less than an hour ago and he has cups and a stocked bathroom. I hurry to get up so I can finish the tour and hit the pool, when the whole room spins. I fall back to the bed into slow motion darkness. There’s a split second when my entire being prepares for the same old nightmares that return me to the basement with my grandfather who seemed to think I was a real life vampire. Instead, the vivid, bloody world of my birth takes center stage. 
Gloved hands pull my purple body out of my mother’s cut stomach. My dad pleads with the doctors to save me. That’s why I know this is a dream. Frank is the most selfish, awful human being alive. He would never fight so hard for me to live. Doctors huddle over my still body. One has a shiny silver scalpel in his hand. He cuts himself and pours his blood into my pried opened mouth. Screams of a brand new baby pierce the room. My dad says, “Thank God. I thought I was going to lose everything.” I’m cradled in the arms of the doctor instead of my dad who just pleaded for my life. 
I slowly return to Damon’s guest room. I faintly hear an argument going on, which makes me think I’m still dreaming.
“I’m doing it. He deserves it.”
“I’ve already punished him. He’ll be trounced further if he ever does it again, I promise you.” 
I struggle to say something, to open my eyes, to do anything, but I’m still woozy. Is this some kind of wild heat stroke? The flu?
“Maggie, don’t sit up. Just rest,” Branden says in his bossy voice. I shake my head. If I’m going to be weak, I want to do it away from any witnesses. 
“You talk in your sleep.” Do not. The newest Shadow laughs a kind of musical laugh that makes me smile, a rare occurrence, but Branden always tells me he loves it when I do. I feel soft lips on my forehead and I know he just told me.
“I have to get home. This isn’t my standard tour.” Both boys put their hands on my shoulders and press me back to the bed.
“You called in sick tonight and I’m not letting you do your daily swim. Looks like you’re staying over at Damon’s. Little slut. Just met the man and you’re already in his bed. Here I thought you were going to wait until your wedding night.” Did he just say that? Did he just let Damon know I’m a fucking virgin? I’m going to kill him, kill him hard and slow. If they wanted me to settle here for the rest of the day, that last line made it impossible. 
The heat in my face acts like rocket fuel through my whole body, throwing me out of the bed.
“Tour’s over. Call me if you have any problems. Pool hours are posted on the door.” I make sure to hold the stair railing for dear life. I’m not adding a broken neck to my already mortified state. 
Revealing I’m a virgin is worse than the kid in fifth grade who had to tell everyone he’d been held back two times. I tutored him for three months and made the school retest him. That was the kind of kid I was. Bossy, pushy, and disliked.



Two
The heat wave that struck me down at Damon’s dissipated sometime between the walk home and my front door. I’m ready for my swim. Only thing is my privacy hours are over and now I’ll have to share. Nowadays, with only four families left, and the rest being Shadows, none of whom has children, the pool isn’t as bustling as it once was. 
After a tall glass of cold water and a change into my swimsuit, black and simple, I ignore Branden trying to apologize to me for the best friend betrayal, and head directly to the pool under a canopy of shimmering leaves. 
My dad spent a fortune on the trees when he created this neighborhood. Everywhere you look, the sidewalks and backyards are wrapped in far-reaching and intermingling limbs. Oaks, birches, evergreens, maples, cherry, and gingko, all mature and lovely, give the neighborhood the feel of being here for a hundred years, when it’s been less than my lifetime. If you want shade, pick a spot.
Today all the shade in the world doesn’t cool me down. It must be well past 100, with the humidity clinging to a near perfect score. One family is already here, the Bellows. They’re okay, but the mom is so soft spoken, I feel like I’m going to break her with my words alone.
“Good afternoon, Mrs. Bellow.” She offers a warm smile and nod before returning her focus to her twin eight-year-old boys who are night and day from each other. The taller one with blond hair acts just like his mom. He’s quiet and seems like he’s the gentlest child ever. The shorter one has more brown in his hair and the look in his eyes is fierce. He’s a bull like me. He will spend his life being asked to apologize and feeling like the most ungraceful soul on the planet, but he will never be a fake. Authenticity is the lone bright star to always speaking your mind. Even my recognition of the shadow people was common knowledge in my family. My parents tried to get me to stop saying I see them. They sent me to every shrink who would take me on, and I never backed down. I saw what I saw. Was I supposed to lie? 
It was sort of over that issue that led me to move out when I was sixteen. My dad just picked me up from a shrink appointment. He drove us straight to the pharmacy to fill a prescription for me, only I refused to take medication. He picked up the drugs anyway. When we arrived home, he held me down and forced me to take them. He caught me throwing up and beat the living daylights out of me. 
I ran away, looking for the one person I was told was a real dad, my grandfather. My dad looked for me, but I stayed off the radar. It took me seven months to find my mother’s father.
“Are you swimming with us today?” the sweet twin asks me. That’s the thing with kids, shy, mean, or whatever, they don’t leave me alone. It’s annoying, hence my own private swimming hours.
“Yep. I’m doing laps.” The pair groan like I just screwed up their whole day. “What did you have in mind?” Worst question ever I discover. It means, “Tell me your plans, and I promise we’ll do all of them.” 
For close to an hour we play Marco Polo and racing games. We play splash war that involves pummeling them until they cry mercy. 
“Can’t you let us win at least once?”
“‘Let?’ No.” I laugh, something I don’t do much of either. 
“Okay kids, Mom’s ready to go home now. Go dry off. Maggie, may I speak with you for a minute?” I swim over to Mrs. Bellow, noticing she no longer appears meek. Her cheeks are flushed and there’s a twinge of hostility in her eyes. 
“You know I never complain, especially after you’ve been so helpful these last few months, but the man next door is getting out of hand. Co-eds stream in and out of there all night into the morning. The music’s too loud. The whole thing is unseemly. Your dad billed this place as family-oriented, and one of the last families left this morning. I really liked them.”
“Me too. Who’s throwing the parties?”
“Eight.” My dad didn’t get fancy with the house numbers. Somehow he worked it out with the city to number the lots himself, starting with one, which is the house I chose. Eight is the cul-de-sac over. I don’t know any of the Shadows. I give them the required tour, and I don’t see them again. The way Mrs. Bellow is talking, I had better head over there right after my swim. No hot tub today.
“Mind if I join you?” The voice startles me only because I feel the recent heat spell run through my body, and I’m submerged in cold pool water. 
“Damon, uh.” That’s what I say to the man granting my daydream wish. He’s standing over me in swim shorts, the California surfer kind that have a draw string and hang low enough to give a girl ideas, even a girl like me who wouldn’t know what to do with a guy like Damon. He’s not wearing a shirt, and wow. He’s built in a sleek, natural way. You’d never catch him lifting weights on a pretty day. You’d see him climbing the side of a cliff face.
My eyes roam over the fine chest hair, the ghostly six-pack, the narrow hips. This is when most girls would lick their lips, twist a seductive smile, and say hi like they mean it. I stand there gaping. He gives me another knowing smile. 
Mrs. Bellow hurrying her children home catches my attention. “I’ll look into those parties today. Don’t worry.” She doesn’t turn around or even wave. I turn back to Damon. He’s already sliding into the water. I try to look away. 
“What parties?” I shrug, working on freeing myself from his gaze.
“Um. Eight has college kids going in and out all night long. I have to talk to him.”
“Want backup?” I laugh again. Two times in one day. 
“That’s pretty.” He sounds like Branden, but definitely not gay. “Wanna race?” Uh, yeah! I know I can’t beat him, but what a challenge. I tell myself not to cheat the way I do with Branden, but I push off while he’s reaching behind him to hold the edge of the pool. Three strokes in, I catch sight of him next to me. He has the nerve to turn his head in my direction with a smile on his face. I could almost leap up out of the water like a whale and sink him. The next breath, his feet kick water in my face. The twins would appreciate the karmic retribution.
“That was pretty good,” he says with a cheeky kind of wink in his voice. I attempt a glare, but it’s hard to pull off after first cheating, and then losing by two body lengths.
“You’re bigger than me, and all muscly.” He laughs while I’m still trying to catch my breath. 
“I don’t think my look would be right on you. You have the sweet, innocent, soft girl thing going on.” That’s a virgin crack, I know it. I glare without any trouble. “And you take compliments so gracefully. Why didn’t you hit your father back today?” That’s not even blunt. I don’t know what it is. 
“He’s my dad.” Damon slides over on the wall, his legs slowly kicking behind him. He just beat the pants off me. I’m about to pass out from exhaustion. He’s lazing around.
“So Frank gets to hit you whenever he wants?” 
“No. We had a deal and he broke it. Now he has to face the consequences.”
“And those would be?”
“Quitting my job here and moving away. Branden doesn’t want to, but it wasn’t his lip cut.”
“But I just got here.” Before I know it, he’s standing over me, dripping wet and beautiful. 
“I make my dad crazy.”
“No, I don’t think you should move away. I think you should let someone scary deal with him. What about your roommate?” 
“Housemate, and Branden can be scary, but I think running away sounds so much cleaner and hit-free.” I see flashes of me kissing Damon. It’s hot and steamy, and my body knows exactly what to do with him. 
“I think you like me, Maggie.” Again, blunt doesn’t describe him sufficiently.
“I think it’s time for me to do my job.” I duck under to cool off my face, then climb out of the pool. He stays behind, watching me dry off. I wrap the towel around my waist and slip on my flip-flops.
“Are you planning on playing office manager dressed like that?” I roll my eyes at him as I head out. He’s here one day and he talks to me like that, with all that authoritative sexiness in his voice? He’s delicious and he’s a Shadow; I never pay attention to Shadows. I couldn’t even say what Eight looks like. 
With my iPod and unprofessional attire, I head off to do the bitch part of my job. The heat makes me want to toss the towel and walk around in just my suit. That would be more than awkward since I’m not a five-year-old girl. Only kids can get away with something like that. 
Three doorbell rings later, a lanky Shadow opens the door. “Marguerite, is everything okay?” I wasn’t expecting that.
“It’s Maggie. You remember my dad, don’t you?” I ask without looking at him too closely, my typical behavior around the Shadows. He hums his assent. “Frank doesn’t like parties, and you’re throwing sizable ones. What are we going to do about that?” 
“Get rid of your dad?” I laugh. I don’t mean to, and that makes how many times I’ve cracked up now? I’ve lost count. Branden is acting weird, I’m having heat spells, and now I’m laughing up a storm.
“Creative. How about keeping the parties to the sneaky kind. That way no one feels left out.” His hearty laugh draws my eyes to his long, slender face. He’s thirty, at the oldest, with green eyes and long blond hair that’s almost white. His face is close to being gaunt, but not in a sickly way.
“Are you feeling left out?” I shake my head. Is everyone on drugs?
“I’ll manage,” I toss back at him, losing some of my steam at the end. The strange heat spell from earlier returns, with it a wave of dizziness.
“Are you all right? Maybe you should come have a seat.” I peer inside. It’s dark. I feel the cool draft from what must be the A/C on maximum.
“No, Leon. I’ll get her back home.” Damon’s voice closes in as fast as his arm that slides around my back. I do my best not to shudder, but he’s a real guy, not a gay best friend. 
“See to it,” Leon says in a stiff voice. Weirdness all over. I want to have the last word, but I’m already being ushered away.
“I think I’m coming down with something.”
“What do you think of Leon?” 
“What, Eight? Fine, playful. Seems to be the theme today. Maybe it’s the heat. Minerva usually has perfect weather. We’re not cut out for the sun sitting directly on top of us.” He keeps his arm around my back, semi-supporting me and somehow just holding me. There’s something there in his touch, beyond the flutter of energy between us. I can’t define it. 
He walks me up to my front door and pulls me around to look at him. “I think next time you go talk to one of the residents you should have backup with you.” 
“Oh, you do? You got that from living here for all of several hours? Well, I’ll think about it.” I meant to say, “Fuck off, and don’t act protective of me just to put on a manly show,” and instead I don’t. I act as if I’m taking his words seriously, only it doesn’t feel like I’m pretending.
“Let me in and get to know me better.” I can’t believe it but I laugh. It’s almost like I’m some kind of happy person today. 
I’m about to say something that normally would come out as rude, but with Damon I’m thinking it would only come out as flirty, when my betraying housemate opens the front door and steps out.
“Wow, you look great,” I say a little awestruck. Branden does too, not enough to think I want him to carry me off to my bedroom. He’ll always be my knight in shining armor and a tiara. “Hot date? Because I really hope it’s not the guy who stumbled out of your room at four in the morning. Don’t you have any standards? He looked stoned out of his mind, and do not let this get to your head, but as pretty as you are, you should be with someone hotter than that.”
“Not all of us can be perfect angels like you.” He’s playing with fire.
“What’s your problem? You told the Haas I’m working shifts to help the residents, which is no one’s business. You know that’s a secret. What happens when my dad finds out? And you broke best friend privilege right in front of this one.” Branden should have an apologetic look on his face, I know that much. I’m not the best at wearing one myself, but he’s been an ass lately. 
He scrunches his face and glares. I glare back, granted I feel like a gnat going up against a butterfly with him in his fancy dress suit and me in my bathing suit and sweat. He pulls out a wad of folded papers from his jacket pocket. “Want to explain this?” I swipe the crumpled mess out of his hand and open it up. 
“Maggie Lane, Congratulations, you have been accepted to the NYU Fine Arts . . .”
It looks formal enough, real enough, but I know it’s not. “Where’s the envelope? And was it somehow addressed to you? Because it says my name right here. You’re an ass. I didn’t apply to school. Don’t you know me? I would never go back east again. I wouldn’t start applying to colleges without talking to you. We’re a package deal, right? That’s what you always say.” I can’t hide the hurt in my voice. I hate that Damon is standing right next to me. “Find the envelope. I’ll get to the bottom of this scam. Some poor old couple will fall for it and send money for their sweet grandbaby to go to school.” 
“I tossed it. You don’t have to investigate every single thing, Maggie. Don’t you remember the last time you looked into something?” Fucker. Yes, I do. Two years ago in my pursuit to find a single relative who was going to love me. How can he fault me for that? Who doesn’t want to be looked at with love? 
“I’m done listening to you.” I throw the fake acceptance letter in his face and push past the newest Shadow. All I know is that music and a hot bath are needed, or I’m going to turn into a massive girl and start crying my eyes out. Branden doesn’t say a word, and his face doesn’t show any contrition. Damon looks like he’s still waiting for me to invite him in. No way. 
Mid-bath I get a call from my boss, Karl Harris. One of the girls didn’t show up and he’s in a bind. In my current mood, I’m not sure it’s worth going in. A pissed off Maggie and obnoxious patrons make for a bad combination.
I reluctantly climb out of my perfect bath that is scorching hot, but the A/C gives me the illusion hot is what’s needed. I like Karl. He approaches my bad attitude with good humor, and he hasn’t fired me yet.
I don myself in a cute fitted V-neck cotton tee, baby blue with a black bra underneath, and navy short shorts. Not as short as I used to wear, not with how high up on my leg that SOB bit me. 
My mind flashes to the police officer standing in my hospital room describing all the things that happened to my grandfather before he was ultimately killed. My heart lifted hearing that he was tortured. I knew it was cruel of me, unforgiving, one-way ticket to hell kind of material, but it comforted that he didn’t have a peaceful death.



Three
“Maggie, we’re down another person tonight. Can you handle the bar runoff and your section?” I nod, but that’s not good enough for Karl. “Can you handle it without pouring any drinks on the customers?” 
“I’ll be good. I promise if some skeeze grabs my ass again, I will sit on his lap and ram my tongue in his mouth.” He raises an eyebrow, a move that makes some girls giggle. Karl is tall and hunky, but there’s no spark. 
“Do you think I could get that rum and coke sometime tonight?” The woman is pretty, no doubt, but the sound of her voice makes me want to stick my fingers in my ears and sing a little tune just to drown her out.
“I’ll go check.” I jump when she reaches out and grabs my arm.
“I need it now.” She gestures to the man across her and his kid. The boy looks like an actual cherub with golden locks that curl around his face, highlighting the biggest blue, almond-shaped eyes ever. He’s a powder-white angelic Buddha. He’s bouncing around in his seat and mumbling. I close my eyes to hear. I’d recognize the monologue anywhere. 
“Mary Poppins,” I say. The kid looks up at me. I see everything in his eyes, pain, loss, even happiness, the simple kind where someone understanding you fills your heart. The dad is dumbstruck. I would be too if I were saddled with his date.
“Rum and coke, you twat!” What? Karl hears the shrill, crude chick and gives me a warning look. It says, “Don’t deck the crass alcoholic.” I decide to keep my job and get the bitch her drink.
It’s a typical Friday night at Raccoon’s, yuppie bikers taking a break from their professional lives, slutty looking tagalongs with fake boobs and big hair who never tip well. Tonight is a big ladies night and that means frilly drinks. I don’t drink at all. It’s a Branden rule. I went out one time, got completely sloshed. He had to carry my ass home. He told me he’d move out if I did it again. I’ve never seen him more pissed at me. It was one of the few times when he seemed older. And he is. 
Branden is twenty-three and perfectly content with working at Raccoon’s, playing the field, and sleeping until four every day. Today, he was up early. Not just that, he was dressed to the nines and left the house before party time. He prefers the designer jeans look. He tells me older men buy him nice things. I tell him he’s a little slut. He’s my hero. The way he pursues men is near porno headliner status. I’ve even seen him pick up girls, but he insists that’s just a mood thing. I remind him if he ever switches teams not to be hurt when I don’t jump into his bed. He responds by telling me I’m not welcome in his bed.
“Hey.” I turn to the guy who just said ‘hey’ to see if his face matches his rich, sexy voice and, holy goodness, it does. His eyes are honed in on my ass. Normally gawking rolls right off me. This guy has the ability to proposition me with a glance.
“You need something?” I say a little too flirty, and dressed the way I am, a little too slutty. Can’t take it back. 
“Yeah, I’m waiting for my shots.” He manages to look right into my eyes and still seem like he’s staring at my boobs. 
“Jim, where’s this guy’s shots?” The bartender shoots me a dirty look, and I know he means it. Jim can’t stand me. That’s fine with me. In his thirties, looking like he’s some kind of deep spiritual martial arts god, when really he’s nothing short of one of those Zen day calendars you forget to keep up with. He’s fit and good looking and forgets he’s married every time a drunk girl presses her chest on the bar. I’ve caught him too many times in an unlocked bathroom screwing some young thing over the sink. I don’t judge, I just don’t like it.
“Back off, Maggie.” At least he gets the name right. He called me Mags once. It didn’t go over well.
I look back at the “hey” guy. “I tried. Looks like it will be a dry night for you.” The stranger flashes me a naughty grin.
“You barely put any effort into fixing that for me.” How am I still a virgin working at a place like this? When I turn around, I see the dad with the bad date standing there waiting for me. His kid is bouncing at his side. I set my tray on the bar and kneel down so I’m eye level with the cherub. 
“It’s my favorite movie. Bet you want to be a chimney sweeper now?” The boy smiles and tugs on my hair. I tug on his, making him quirk a wobbly smile. 
“Maggie, are you running a daycare here or working?” 
“Jim, fuck off. You’re not my boss.” He scowls. I flip him off. The dad stands there still dumbstruck. What’s wrong with him? He hands me his credit card. 
“Maggie is it?” The dad’s soothing voice stuns me in place until Jim snaps his fat fingers right in front of my face. 
“Jim, I bite.” He smartly takes his hand back. I hurry to get the dad and cherub’s bill settled. I mostly do it for the cute kid so he can get home to his show.

I don’t make as much as I normally do. The night is just weird, and the hot flirt with the shots keeps saying suggestive sexy things. I close, working more than my shift. Laura usually mans the bar and closes, but she didn’t show tonight. She’s the only girl I like working with, and I can always count on her being rude to Jim. 
Jim gives me the fabulous job of cleaning the bathrooms, which I do meticulously. I do it for Karl. He’s a good boss, and you can always tell how clean the kitchen is by how tidy the bathrooms are maintained. I learned that working every job you can in a restaurant. 
When you are sixteen and paying your own way, you take whatever position you can land that doesn’t require clothing removal. Dishwasher is the worst by far. The food servers treat you like crap while you’re busy losing your mind in all the noise and wet heat. I’m a bitch to most people, but never to the dishwashers. I always give them a percentage of my tips. It’s a rule.
“Hey.” Oh, this one, he’s still at the bar and still looking hot. His hair actually has an attitude, all suave and flirty. I swear I just want to mess it up. His dark eyes have a bite to them that says he’s kind of nasty. My slutty hotness wore off a couple hours ago, and the bath I had to climb out of is calling my name. 
“Want to go across the street?” Sounds like something a hooker says to a john. I don’t know what to do with that. “Pure, the club, ever been?” I blush on the spot. That place is way too adult for me. I peeked through the doors once. Pretty sure I saw a bare ass and some boob. How can that be legal?
“Um, No. You?” I meant to say “Back away from me with the sex club talking,” but no. My brain is doing its own thing today. He leans in like he’s going to kiss me, and I don’t know why I stay still. 
“Several times.” I think the earth just moved. Jim walks by with a blond tart under his arm, not his wife, and flips me off just before leaving. Charming. “Someone should teach that guy some manners,” the flirt says. Something in his eyes flickers to life, revealing he’s a Shadow. I hadn’t noticed. I was so caught up in the noise and pace I overlooked that not so small detail. I do not flirt with Shadows. They’re death. Somehow, I know they are. I take a step back, cutting off the playful mood on the spot. 
“Maggie, you don’t leave a note or anything.” I turn to see my housemate still dressed in a suit and bad attitude. He spares me a solitary glare then aims every bit of his hostility toward Hey Guy.
The flirty Shadow flashes a different kind of grin, one that says something dark. I take another step back. He stands up. Branden steps forward. It’s a slow-motion opera without the music. 
In one swift move, Hey Guy reaches out and pulls me close. I’m working at finding my voice when he leans down. I half expect him to lick the side of my face by the way Branden goes nuts. I haven’t seen that look on my best friend’s face since he tore down the basement steps and pulled my grandfather off me. I’m not sure what would have happened if he hadn’t, or I do know, but I can’t go there.
“Michael,” Branden says as he yanks me by the arm and spins me behind him. “It’s been ages.”
“Having fun has its drawbacks, so I decided to track you down. When I do, look-see what I find. Seems you’re faring better than the rest of us.” 
“Leave, I’ll give you that much. I’ll let you walk out of here and tell no one I saw you.”
“Leave? After this? Best kept secret in a millennium.” I have no clue what’s going on. I don’t think I want to know. Branden has his secrets, everyone does, but I’ve never pried. How could I? The moment I saw him, he looked at me like I was special. 
“I suggest you fall in line. I can arrange a meeting. Coming here like this is not okay.” In answer, Michael dips his head close to Branden’s ear and whispers something I can’t decipher, all the while, keeps his eyes locked on mine. There is no longer any playfulness in those Shadow eyes. How did I miss that? I let a Shadow get close enough to flirt with me all night. To top it off, he’s not a good guy. How could he be if Branden is having this reaction? 
The standoff ends with Michael sauntering out the front doors. My weird best friend turns to me. “Not smart.” After the day I’ve had, his words push me over the edge. I don’t say another word to him, not on the drive home, not when we arrive, not when he knocks three different times on the bathroom door where I have effectively submerged myself in Lady Gaga and bubbles. Even if I wanted to figure out what’s going on with Branden, it breaks my number one rule; never use my powers of investigation to dig up what’s none of my business. 
I can find anything. If it’s been written somewhere and published or posted online, I can find it. If the person existed at all on the grid at some time, I can find him. That’s how I located my grandfather who was supposed to be dead and buried. Too bad he wasn’t.



Four
I wake to Branden holding me. He only climbs into my bed on really bad days or after basement nightmares. His secrets belong to him and I’m good with that. He can be as moody as he wants just as I can be as pissed as I want. But sharing my world with other people is a dick move. Still I don’t kick him out. I can’t imagine ever doing that.
I’m wide awake. The blackout curtains do nothing to combat my internal clock’s fondness for dawn. I go about my morning routine of cleaning and getting my head on straight. That usually requires old school Guns N’ Roses. The gay boy in my bed can sleep through anything, so I don’t skimp on the volume. 
A bowl of Grape-Nuts, an episode of classic Sesame Street on DVD, and a bathing suit later, I’m ready to hit the pool. The moment I step outside my door, the dad with the soothing voice and his bouncing cherub child are standing on the sidewalk in front of my house. He looks like the model in the fake photos when you buy a picture frame. He has that whole light brown hair and metal-rimmed glasses look that says hot and smart. His bright-as-day kid is at his side. The boy’s lips are moving, but he’s too far away to hear what show he’s reciting. I have a feeling that’s his thing.
“Are you lost?” I ask. I’m in my suit and a towel, not my typical people greeting attire. 
“Not anymore. I was looking for you. The bartender told me where to find you.” Did he now? Jim’s so getting his ass kicked. I wonder how much trouble I would get into if I fall and accidentally find my knee in Jim’s nuts. 
“That’s kind of creepy.” He smiles, not helping change my assessment.
“Andy wanted to see you. He never wants to see anyone.” I bound down the stairs and kneel in front of the little boy who has the biggest blue eyes I’ve ever seen. His everywhere-hair looks as soft as Branden’s well-behaved do. He’s talking to himself the way he did last night when he was quoting Mary Poppins. 
“I know that one,” I say with a grin. “Star Wars Episode IV. Han Solo is the most badass character of all time.” Andy smiles and looks up at his dad, not quite in the eyes, but around him like stones skipping across a lake. 
“I know this sounds strange, but I was hoping we could set up a play-date for the two of you. He’s five and you’re sort of an adult. You could call it babysitting, but it would be more than that. I’m looking for someone he connects with.” 
Sort of an adult? Is that a crack? “You don’t even know me and you trust me with your son?”
“I know where you live and work. I know your name is Maggie Lane, you can’t seem to help yourself from swearing, and you should get that bartender fired for giving out your personal information to a perfect stranger.” All accurate. Still doesn’t count as knowing me, but it’s more than either of my parents have on me. I’m supposed to be doing exactly what my father envisions. For the last two years, that has been property manager of this strange neighborhood. “I’ll pay you, Maggie. It doesn’t have to be every day. He doesn’t have any friends and . . .” He goes quiet and looks down at his boy. The expression is new to me, pain, love, hope.
“Fine, but no checks.” He laughs for some reason.
“I’m Luke Matthews and this is Andy. I’m a professor at Minerva Community College.” I want to say good for you, but I hold my tongue. See, I’m capable of a certain amount of restraint. “I can drop him off for a few hours and pick him up after my classes.” Here? It will be harder to hide this from the asshole parents. 
“How about your house?” 
“Aren’t you going to ask me what’s wrong with him?” Luke asks, as he pulls out a slip of paper with his cell and address neatly written on it. 
“Hmm, he seems to be suffering from adults who ask stupid questions.” The dad startles, his expression torn between surprise and amusement.
“Uh, I have to get Andy to his mom’s. Can you be at my house Monday at noon?” I lean down and put my forehead to Andy’s. It feels like the natural thing to do. I don’t even like kids much, but Andy quotes Mary Poppins and Star Wars. I’m half in love with him already.
“Noon then.”
The impromptu chat with Luke cut into my lap time. I put in a mixed CD Branden made me. It’s full of oldies and hard rock. The Beastie Boys jump around with Buddy Holly and Metallica plays with Aretha Franklin. He thinks the combination is funny. I think it helps me pull harder through the water. 
I swim for thirty minutes, working off yesterday’s frustration, when I see Mr. Bellow standing over the pool with arms crossed and a pissed off expression plastered on his face. He doesn’t match his wife at all. Large and loud, that’s what he is, hairy too, the fuzzy all over kind. I climb out of the pool near my towel and slowly walk over to him. How did he get in here? I lock the place down when I’m alone.
“Mr. Bellow, you need to leave. You can call and set up a time to discuss something if you like.” 
“You told those freaks over at house number eight that we complained about their noise.”
“No. Your wife told me about the noise. I went over there and told them not to have parties. I can speak to Leon again, but for now, you really need to back up and get out.” He takes another step closer. 
“Leon, that’s his name?” He pauses for effect, or he’s actually deep in contemplation mode. “He hit on her.” I feel my eyebrows shoot up, not because Leon’s flirting is a shocker, but because I suddenly feel bad for Mr. Bellow. I don’t know what to do with sympathy. 
“Uh, that’s, well, Mr. Bellow . . .” He looks down at his feet, or really his belly. I almost want to pat it like he’s Santa. “Mr. Bellow, he hit on me too. It’s harm-”
“She wants to move out,” I barely hear him whisper, “with the boys.” I still don’t know what to say. I hear the jangle of keys and look down at his hand. He’s hitting a set of keys against his leg. A cold realization snaps me to attention. 
I take a step back. Like a pit-bull tracking his prey, his beady eyes catch the movement. “You’re not a very likeable person, Maggie.” I absently nod as I plan my attack/escape. It would be safer to run, but I’d feel better if I got at least one shot in, especially after my dad’s slap yesterday.
“You have a key to the pool house.” He nods. There are two locks on the main door. One is just for me to access, and one is for the residents and cleaning crew. “Your wife is leaving you and the first thing you do is come here to yell at me?” He laughs to himself. Had he known his life would eventually take this turn, so he planned I would be his destresser?
He drops the keys to the wet tile at our feet. I expect him to lunge at me, but he turns around, shoulders slumped, and heads to the door. At the last second, he turns back, and I swear he still looks like a dog ready to attack. I fight clenching my hands into fists. The smallest movement might flip the switch.
“I got myself an internet girl,” he says after a long stare. “I thought I’d spruce myself up before a face to face. Tell your hoity-toity doctor I won’t be joining his weight loss program.” 
“An internet girl, and you’re pissed your wife is leaving you?” 
“It’s too late, Maggie. I gave you a pass.” He walks out on that note.
I look down and catch sight of a Homer Simpson key chain. I hate that, shitty people enjoying the same things I enjoy. I scoop up the keys determined to test each one in the “For Management Only” lock. Branden bursting through the door with enough speed to cause me to jump back thwarts my plans. If I had catlike reflexes maybe I would have landed on my twisted flip-flops just fine, but I never respond the right way. I shout, more at Branden for scaring me than the obvious tumble I’m about to take. The foot of the lawn chair is all my mind focuses on until the last second when my arm shoots up out of nowhere to protect my face. Thank goodness for vanity. 
I steal a glance at my so-called hero as his expression shifts from amusement to confusion. “What’s going on? I just saw Mr. Scary Hairy walk out of here. You never share your private hours with anyone.” 
“So get out then,” I grumble as I twist my arm around to see a good-sized cut. It hurts as much as it’s supposed to and I wish Branden would step outside so I could whimper a little. I focus my thoughts on Scooby Doo. The gang would have pulled off Mr. Scary Hairy’s mask to reveal a man with an average amount of body hair and a less menacing/depressed/perverted look on his face.
“I feel like I just unleashed evil onto the world,” I say as Branden helps me to my feet. His hands give me an extra squeeze before he lets me go. I lean into him, but I meant to square my shoulders and give him a dirty look. I hate it when he pulls this hero act, except when I actually need him to.
“Maggie, don’t get any ideas of hunting him down and acting out some citizen’s arrest fantasy.” I crack up because one of Branden’s many sex tales started out that way. Sadly, it ended with an amateur using candy cuffs that gave the guy a full body rash.
“I’d use zip ties.”
“I bet you have a website saved to your favorites where you could special order.” I don’t actually. “Hey, now. I mean it, Maggie. Don’t go chasing him down.” Search for one person who turned out mega evil and no one lets you forget it.
Arm in good arm, we walk to our own little medical clinic. The doctor is a Shadow who lives in the neighborhood, house eleven. That’s all I know. 
“Maggie, oh dear.” He’s kind of like Leon, super tall, blond, and pretty. His eyelashes are inhumanly long, making him appear softer and younger than I think he is. “That looks to be three stitches. Only a small scar.” Branden holds my hand the whole time. I don’t feel the shot or the tug of the stitches. 
“I’ve been doing this for a while,” Eleven says when I praise his skill. “There, all better now. Here’s something if you experience unmanageable pain, but be sure to record it if you take any. These days you can never be too careful with prescription medication.” Sounds reasonable, but I don’t like taking drugs. I have a special blood type, something to do with factors. It turns out researching medical terms online freaks me out. 
Every month my dad took me to donate blood. It became something I did just to experience a decent version of him an hour every thirty days. I still do it, but I go with Branden.
We leave the clinic hand in hand. My mind flashes on what if scenarios. What if Mr. Bellow hadn’t given me a pass? What if that simply meant hitting on me? Seemed to me if he had a key and pent up aggression and went out of his way to find me when I was alone, hitting on me wasn’t what he had in mind. Gave me a pass. “Mr. Bellow had a key.” 
“He slipped right by my noticing, Maggie. Okay, I tried waving at him once and I sensed by way of his middle finger high in the air that he wasn’t the friendly sort, but I didn’t think he was a bad person.”
“Right, me too, except for me waving at him. What the hell, Branden?” He shrugs, but the image of him being flipped off after enthusiastically waving hello has me folding over laughing. 
“You’re lucky sweetness carries little weight with Damon.” While I’m folded over I knuckle punch his thigh muscle. He cries out, much to my satisfaction. “Mean, that’s what you are, Maggie Lane.”
“Mean and virginal, don’t you mean?” His dramatized pain disappears. I hate that he can hear the weakness in my voice. “Do you think that’s my future?” He smiles, still partly focused on Damon. “I don’t mean that. I mean hitters and takers.” I can’t look at him while sporting the injured sad girl expression I could feel. 
“I don’t try to hurt you.”
“You know what I mean. I’m nineteen and still haven’t been kissed in a mutual kind of way. I’ve only had the gross forced kind.” I wince when I think of my grandfather. I really want to replace that memory of kissing with something so amazing I never think of that crazy old man. Branden pulls me by my throbbing arm, the squeeze meant to grab my full attention.
“I can kiss you, Maggie.” 
“Don’t tease. I mean it. I just want that moment.” He leans in and softly presses his lips to mine. He tastes sweet and the look in his eyes is love. He’s doing this for me. When he pulls away, we both know it’s not what I’m looking for, but I think we found our new hello and goodbye. 
“I wish you did it for me,” he says in a bored voice, though his eyes are smiling in delight. The line would have been kinder the other way around. “I love you with all my heart, Maggie.”
“You’re a smooth talker.” It’s still the best kiss I’ve ever had. “I almost forgot. Eight started this whole thing by making a play for Mrs. Bellow.” I turn around and start walking to house number eight.
“And you’re the marriage police? You were almost attacked and now you’re injured.” He reenacts my acrobatic flip-flop maneuver. Taking a cue from Mr. Scary Hairy, I flip him off and keep walking. “You’re not in the right frame of mind to scold Leon.” I peer over my shoulder. 
“You know his name.” He ignores my quiet accusation and loops his arm in mine. When we get to house eight, Mrs. Bellow stumbles out the door with flushed cheeks and a grin from ear to ear. 
“There you are, Miss Lane. We’re moving. I’m leaving that deadbeat loser.” I don’t know where to begin, the fact that she appears drunk in the middle of the day with her kids most likely all alone next door, or that another family is leaving, or how carefree she just told me she’s dumping her husband. She runs to her house before I can address any of those things. 
I turn to stare at Leon who appears refreshed and happy, much like yesterday. What the hell do these Shadows do for a living? I never see their applications. That’s all my dad. I’m just the on-site manager. 
“Looks like you took a little spill.” What kind of thing is that to say?
“Right back at you.” I point my chin toward Mrs. Bellow and Leon lets out a nasty laugh that seeps into my skin like a hot breeze. 
“Care to come in, my dear?” Branden steps forward. The two exchange looks as if they know each other. The number of Shadows my housemate is cozy with is growing by the hour. I might have to investigate after all. 
“She’s here to tell you not to hit on the neighbors.” Leon switches from playful to flabbergast in a heartbeat.
“Have I offended someone? I can be so easily misunderstood.” Each word oozes sex. I feel the draw, his appealing face, reddish wet lips, wide green eyes. I can see how effective he is with women like the shy Mrs. Bellow. When I take a step forward, Branden puts his hand on my shoulder. 
“Now, now,” Leon says smoothly like everything else that comes out of his mouth, but this time I recognize an authoritative tone, a commanding and unkind undercurrent. I know that world too well. I snap out of Leon’s seductive spell.
“Leon, keep the parties contained,” I say at the last second. Branden’s right about the whole marriage police thing. “I know you’ve been here the longest, and maybe that garners favor with my dad, but he runs the office. I run the day-to-day.”
“I’ll be good. But if I’m not, does that mean more visits from you?”
“You’re a flirt. I’m not.” I leave it at that and head back home, only Branden guides us to Damon’s. 
“What are we doing?” He doesn’t say anything, just walks right in.
“I have to tell you a little about Leon. He’s not evil, but he’s no angel.” As if I want to be with Mr. Tall, Thin, and Seductive. Leon reminds me of the witch in Hansel and Gretel, and he had a mean tone when he spoke to Branden.
He stops talking, but there’s so much more he has to tell me. It’s all over his face, and whatever it is hurts.
“I’m not interested in Leon.” He lights up as if he has some kind of personal stake in who inspires me to drop my pants. “Honestly, I’m thinking I’m going to die a virgin. If the only men who want me are the Mr. Bellows of the world, I’m doomed.” 
Damon walks out of his room with his hair all over the place. He’s not wearing a shirt. I look down at my appearance and realize I’m still in my swimsuit and towel. 
His eyes drop to my bandaged arm. He raises his chin in a questioning way. I raise mine in a “Don’t be so lazy; use your words” way. 
“What happened?” he finally asks, but he’s no longer looking at me. Branden does this “not my fault gesture” that he girlies up. I bite my lip to keep from laughing. Laughing will only reinforce this weird exclude Maggie conversation.
“How do you two know each other?” I throw out there when the boys continue to stare each other down.
“I heard you say you’re not interested in Leon.” I huff out a breath, but it comes out pitchy. I feel my face turn hot, but not from embarrassment this time. The newest Shadow has the nerve to laugh while moving a step closer. “I think you need a hero, Maggie.” I want to bite him. I show him my teeth like I’m some wolf in the wild. It’s been a shitty day. “A fearless hero.” Branden chimes in with his laugh that I secretly love. I open my mouth to chew Damon out, but my mind goes blank. He leans in close and I suck in a breath. “I promise on my life not to let you die a virgin.” 
I know he expects me to push him away or possibly stomp on his foot, but I slide my cheek against his on the way to his ear. “I promise to beat you the next time we race.” Lamest tease ever, but I did mention I can’t flirt to save my life. A flash of my towel falling to the carpet after my piss poor attempt to one-up him has my hands gripping the heavy cotton. 
“That settles that.” Branden stands up and brushes himself off as if he just ate a bowl of popcorn.
“Yes, I have to agree.” Now Damon is just as confusing. 
“Okay, you two who make no sense.” Overwhelmed by the hot Shadow and secretive best friend, I hurry home.

Cartoons, pampering, and finally sleep. I dream about my birth, past being born dead, past the doctor pouring his blood in my breathless mouth, past the gurgles and brand new baby screams. This is new territory for me.
I’m in my mother’s arms. She looks at my dad with wide eyes so big she’s like some anime character. “Don’t get attached. It’s not ours,” he says to her. She nods slowly as if in a trance. “Our lives will be bigger than we can ever imagine. All we have to do is clothe and feed it.” She looks down at me through a film of cold steel. It was that one moment that changed the rest of her mother gazes. He told her not to love me. She listened. And he called me an it. What an asshole.



Five
Sunday arrives with the realization I can’t swim because of the stitches. It’s my sanity maker, so after cleaning the house, I decide to go for the old fallback. Running.
Shorts, running bra, and tank top later, my shoes hit the pavement. The night air usually does a lot to remedy the heat from the day before, but not today. There are no wayward clouds to shield me from the warming sun and no mountain breeze to chill the sweat already coating my body. 
I run through Pearl Estates. The houses are spread out enough to offer privacy. A few of the lots have nice chunks of land. Leon has one of the largest houses, almost as big as mine. I chose the biggest. It wasn’t to be gluttonous. I liked the view of the mountains from my bedroom.
There’s something about taking to the sidewalk in the morning. The air smells fresh and brand new. The land feels like a secret gift from the gods where Montana is modeled after one of the faraway heavens that await souls. Cerulean blue skies and stretches of neon green vegetation surround off-in-the-distance gray and white peaks. Even in town, surrounded by brick and concrete, you never forget the land. 
I run past our makeshift community into the larger, still tiny city. Three colleges and a summer drama camp make Minerva the draw for young people. It doesn’t hurt that anything outdoors you can imagine doing can be done within a several hour drive. Raccoon Pete’s is two miles from Pearl Estates. Karl and Jim will be there doing a booze and money tally. 
“You look like shit.” That’s Jim. I’m sure I do. I’m sweating up a storm. Girls only sweat on top of him or in front of him. 
Karl walks over sporting an enamored smile. He half wants to hug me and half towel me off, and not in a we’re just friends kind of way. Settle down, Karl. “Don’t listen to him. Those rosy cheeks do a lot for you.” He’s not drunk, but he is flirting. 
“Morning, Boss,” I throw out there in case our well-defined professional relationship has slipped his mind. I’m not blind to his charm or looks. He’s taller than average, over six feet, and by the look of his forearms and shoulders, he works out a lot. He has a face that could blend in with a crowd or make him the perfect extra in a movie. He keeps his wavy brown hair short, but it’s thick, a bald man’s wet dream.
“You know, Maggie, you’re just a kid. Have you ever considered going to school? I heard you lived on the East Coast for a while. How about that?” Where in the world is his head right now? I’m on a mission.
“I’m here to kick Jim’s ass for handing my name and address out to a customer.” Karl shoots an angry look at the bartender. 
“Lying bitch,” Jim states calmly as if to add to his credibility.
“Oh, look at that.” I point behind him. “Smoke. Is your fibbing ass on fire?” If I had water handy, I’d douse him. Calling me a liar. 
“Jim, that can’t happen again, and you will speak to her with respect. I know you two play your back and forth game, but you could have sent her a dangerous person.” Karl isn’t very good with the scoldings, but his heart is in the right place. Personally, I think my knee in the nuts idea is a good one.
Jim notices the bandaged cut I think is now bleeding. I wonder if you’re not supposed to exercise with fresh stitches. “Walk into a wall?” 
“Is that what happened to your face?” I should play nice, but I don’t like the guy. He flips me off. Karl walks back over to me and reaches for my cut. I step back mostly because I’ve had enough men putting their hands on me, unless it’s Damon. I can’t believe I just thought that. I almost smack my boss to snap myself out of it. I tell Karl the cut is nothing and grab a cup of ice water. He offers to give me a ride home the exact moment my arm starts throbbing as if it had been holding in the pain and waiting for an invitation.
“Yeah, I would like that.”
I expected Karl to be the aggressive tailgating type of driver, but he’s a model citizen. We pass the speed zone sign that’s been missing since I was a kid. I lean over to check if he dropped down to twenty-five. 
“I pictured you having speeding tickets sticking out of the glove box.” He smiles more to himself than to me. I almost pipe down because I think he needs a moment alone. “What’s going on with our absent waitress?”
“Laura hasn’t been heard from in a few days.” I instantly imagine one of those crime shows with that woman Nancy Grace who outs every murdering husband on the planet. I think Laura’s really gone. She’s responsible and sweet. She wouldn’t leave Karl in the lurch. “I’m working on hiring another server.”
The moment we rounded the corner to my street, I see the damn Escalade looming in my driveway. “Don’t say anything,” is all I manage before my father opens the passenger door and drags me out of the car. 
“Out all night?” Frank is losing his mind. He isn’t even trying to hold back.
“Dad, I’ve had it with you. I mean it.” He pushes me into something and I realize it’s my useless mother. It was just a dream, but I feel like she decided not to love me right there in the hospital bed as she held my infant body. 
“Who the hell are you?” my dad roars at Karl. 
“None of your fucking business. Now close my door. Some of us have a life.” I give my boss a huge smile. That was awesome. My dad stands there stunned while I close Karl’s door after winking at him. 
“You’re making us look bad, young lady.”
“Dad, you do that all on your own. You’re not supposed to be here. I’m not supposed to see either of you on a regular basis.” He leans in like he’s going to hit me, and I realize he’s had a talking to. Branden must have had a word with him. I don’t hold back. “This is my house if I recall, all mine. Now you and mom have to get off my property.” I’m close to doing a little dance. I know it’s petty and rude, but I hate him, her even. 
“We just came because we heard you were hurt in the pool house.” My mom didn’t call when she got the news about me in the hospital after what her crazy father did to me. “Did you inventory the damage?” Ah, yes, there it is. 
“Off the property, you two. Do I have to count?” My dad used to say that I have until the count of five, but once he reached two, he was too far-gone and the angry hands did their thing. 
They share a strangely conspiratorial look and do as I command. Well, it’s the day of miracles. I’ve prayed for this my whole life, that I would say, “Get away from me,” and they would do it. Sure, I’m wary to the point of disbelief when it comes to God, but I can believe that when you ask for something for so long, eventually you get it in some form. I could have asked for their love, but I knew before the age of three that was never going to happen. 
I make a hearty breakfast, waffles and turkey sausage patties, and watch Sunday funnies, which have deteriorated to SpongeBob and some penguin cartoon. No pool, no Branden, because he’s sleeping the day away as usual. I have only one thing left on the list capable of peace of mind, but it’s such a positive thing, I hate resorting to it. 
I hit the art studio Branden designed for me. I had always planned to go to art school. It was my dream, but getting my GED while working odd jobs in New York put survival at the top of the list and artist aspirations at the bottom. 
Branden had cork flooring put in. He said it would be softer than wood. He knocked out a wall, allowing the rectangular space to have the feel of something you would find downtown in an old brick building. The walls offer a puzzle of my own work and master’s studies, all on paper, all taped up with masking tape. The furniture is old and worthy of being painted or sketched. Two windows overlook the myriad of trees we have in our little town to add the finishing touches.
Old school Cindi Lauper sparks the right fire and I start sketching. A stool Branden found on the side of the road, dinged and chewed on, and an old chair upholstered with frayed and tired country French fabric offer enough warm up material. Add to that, the east window’s blackout curtains pulled back to reveal towering trees every shade of green. The aspens do that glitter thing where the smoky white of the bark shines through the flickering leaves. The window is open. In every other neighborhood, you would hear dogs barking, lawn mowers motoring, children playing. Pearl Estates offers only the whistling wind. It’s lonely, that’s what this place is. Why does Branden want to stay so badly? 
I go through pages of cheap paper, sketching, warming up the connection between my mind and my hand. It’s something anyone can train to do, but most think they simply can’t, like math, “I’m not a math person.” Not true. It’s never true. Branden thinks I have a problem accepting defeat. 
Once I see the pathway from the large edges that make a shape to the fine details that create something to look at, I dig in. I wash my hands and break out the expensive paper.
I end up with a drawing of an old-fashioned window sitting on top of the tattered stool. The four panes of glass divide a barren view of naked, howling trees, and a lone canary, mostly because a splash of yellow in all the charcoal feels a little magical. It’s part what I see and part what I feel. For Branden, I sign the bottom right corner, date it, and set it in front of his door. That killed about three hours. What I need is a life. I need people who are awake. I’m not on tonight, so I have the rest of the day open. 
“Luke, it’s Maggie.” I’m sure I’m the last person the cute dad expects to hear from, but if Andy is around why not spend time with him?
“Are you canceling tomorrow?” His worried tone gives me hope I chose the right way to keep busy.
“I’m seeing if Andy is with you now. I can come over today and give you a chance to go out.” He jumps at it. I tell him I have to shower and I’ll be there in no time. They don’t live in Pearl Estates, but nothing is too far away in Minerva. 
I do my best not to get water on my stitches. I think it’s one of my least fun showers of all time. For the cute dad and kid, I go with jeans and a Star Wars T-shirt. Andy should like that. I leave a note for my housemate, telling him I’m going out and don’t know when I’ll be back.
“Maggie, look at you. You really know how to dress it down.” I like Luke already.
The house is a simple rambler with a small fenced-in front and backyard. It looks like they have acres of land, but don’t do anything with it. The exterior is painted a country cottage blue. I prepare myself for red apples and black and white cows all over the place the moment I walk through the front door. And what do you know, the country theme extends into the house. There’s even a room with duck everything, ducks and forest green everything. It’s just wrong. This is the product of his mother or ex-wife. I say ex because Luke said he had to drop the kid off with his mother, absolute divorced-parent lingo. I only wish I grew up with it. I might like my mother more if she had grown a pair and kicked my father out. Nope, still ball-less. 
They have wall-to-wall tan carpet and matching blinds, accented with those useless, lace semi-curtains at the top. First time a strip of lace ever pissed me off before. The place needs a major overhaul.
“Who’s the decorator?” I could have led up to my distaste, but that’s not my style. 
“You don’t like it?” He absentmindedly runs his hand over Andy’s hair. The kid takes the affection, bouncing in place like an energizer bunny. That’s what Andy needs to do, he needs to move, run, play, scream. 
I lean down and find his flittering eyes. “Andy, I’m gonna get you.” I give him a big smile, something that’s happening more freely. The kid responds like any typical child; he squeals and runs away. I chase. 
The galley style kitchen is open on both ends, allowing for the prefect loop. I lose track of time in all the giggles. The kid is impossible to wear out. When we stop, we move on to watching one of his movies. Luke sits at the dining room table, grading papers by the looks of it, glancing over at us every so often.
“Hungry?” Luke says, cordless phone in hand. Andy jumps and nods, and doesn’t stop. “He does that.” I wait the kid out.
“None of his behaviors throws you off. Are you a psych major?” I scoff. I could just see my crazy patients going from my couch to the psych ward just to be heard by someone who doesn’t cuss at them to snap out of it.
“Hell no. What do you teach?”
“Art.” I glance at the papers he’s grading, wondering what kind of art class requires written assignments. “Beginners Two-Dimensional Design. I teach the basics of looking at a picture and understanding what you’re taking in, solving what the artist intended you to see, and finally realizing what you would like to see if you were the artist and it was your blank canvas.” He sounds like a course book. 
“I haven’t seen you around. Are you in school?” I shake my head and return my attention to Andy. I want to go to college, but I’m not ready. Half the time, I still feel like that kid on the East Coast hiding from her father and the other half I feel the weight of being trapped in nightmares while managing the weirdest neighborhood ever. 
The doorbell rings, announcing the pizzas. One thing Andy and I have in common is being a picky eater. Luke ordered us a simple cheese pizza while he indulged in an all meat combo. Andy takes his plate and perches in front of the TV. I give him some space and Join Luke at the table.
“So what are the papers you’re grading?” I’m virtually a stranger, but when I look at Luke, he feels like someone I know. I think it’s because he has a lost element to himself. He can’t figure out his kid. He can dissect the most obscure piece of art and come up with assumptions, but with his own child, he’s befuddled. 
“We’re at the end of the first summer term, so it’s their final paper. Each student had to sketch a self-portrait. It didn’t have to be masterfully done, but they had to use the elements I taught them in class that allow an artist to tell a story and control how a viewer takes in the work. Then they had to write a paper on it as if they were reading into the artist’s intentions.”
“So, a slacker class then.” Very professor like, he chuckles quietly. My cell chimes, breaking up the conversation and drawing my attention to the darkening windows. It has to be my housemate calling. 
There’s some yelling, mostly about my refusal to come home when he commands. Branden’s never been so protective of me. Just add this fit to the rest of his increasingly odd behavior. 
“Boyfriend?” 
“Best friend who thinks I’m going to land myself into trouble at every turn.”
“I don’t know, Maggie. You give off an injured girl vibe. I’d say he may have cause to worry.” We let Luke’s words hang between us until he clears his throat. I recognize his expression; mostly I recognize the apologetic drawn together eyebrows.
“Tell me more about your class.” I eat my cheese pizza and hear all about Luke’s course. When he talks about art, his face flushes and his hands move around in bursts of energy. I bet he’s this way in class. 
By the end of the meal, I see Andy losing steam. “What’s your bed time routine?” Luke gives me his best male-confused look. One thing I know is that kids with any kind of anxiety issue need routine. It’s the law of the messed up. I know because I’m like that. 
I walk Andy through his new bedtime routine, starting with brushing his teeth and washing his face and hands. “Luke, this part’s on you. Bathroom and pajamas time.” Andy’s amped at the change up from whatever piecemeal steps they performed before.
Luke passes back the baton with an expectant look. I tuck Andy in and tell him good stuff. When I was a kid, I imagined the things I wanted to hear in the voice I wanted to hear them. After a small kiss good night and my fingers through his soft hair, I duck out. I catch sight of three night-lights, revealing another trait we share. I have to be under my covers when I turn the last light out. 
“Where did you learn to do all this?” Luke is standing in the hall, looking hot with his hands in his pockets and an intrigued smile playing on his face. 
“Bad childhood, you learn to see a lot of stuff other people miss. You do it with art, I do it with people.” On a sigh, I recall Mr. Bellow standing over me during my private swim time. “A few fall through the cracks. I think I read people pretty well, and then I’m thrown for a loop.” He clears his throat again.
“I gotta go, but you need to think about gutting this place. It’s awful.” He laughs for real this time. 
“Do you ever bite your tongue?”
“Not often. See you tomorrow at noon.” 
I head back home. As soon as I pull my trusty Subaru Legacy into the garage, I’m given the third degree by Damon of all people. He’s standing in the driveway where Branden joins him. Damon’s words fade into the background; lectures usually follow that trend.
“Just tell us where you’re heading off to next time.” 
“We’re not even friends . . . Damon.” I almost called him by his house number.
“We’re not?” he asks, flawlessly sporting a hurt expression. 
“Okay, I’ve got this thing,” I hear Branden mumble as he races off. I consider following suit. Thoughts always flow out of my mouth before I can stop them. Damon pulls the wrong words. He draws different kinds of truths out of me.
“You do realize you’re glaring at me,” Two says.
“Of course I do. It’s on purpose.” It wasn’t. He stuffs his hands in his pockets. My eyes go straight to that part of his body. Then I notice his jeans for the first time. My eyes dart to his familiar purple rhinestone bedazzled shirt. How could I have been so blind?
“You’re with Branden. That’s why you’ve been teasing me so much. Man, okay.” I wave at his clothes, shaking my head. I hate my housemate right now. I turn to leave. The relief slash crushing disappointment that Branden snagged this guy for himself is too much to sift through with a witness around.
“Wait, what?” He dramatically blinks, pulls out his phone, and starts texting. Before I can cuss him out and I’m sure the words would flow without any trouble, the window above the kitchen sink slides open. Branden’s laugh sings through the warm evening air. 
“I let him borrow some of my clothes. That’s all. I did not have my way with him, Maggie.” If I could only shoot lasers out of my eyes. “By the way, he needs your help with his package.” Damon laughs next to me.
“I’m surprised you could fit your phone in those things.” Skinny jeans meant for a man much smaller than stupid house number two should mean that he can't breathe, let alone laugh. 
“Come on over. I really do need your help. On-site manager help,” he clarifies. I don’t buy it, but I’d like to see him walk in those pants. He doesn’t wait for me to agree. He turns and leaves. Normal gait. No hitch in his step. No shrieks of pain. 
“Anatomically speaking, how are you . . .” He’s laughing again. I’m so much fun to be around.
Every single light is on inside. I fight the instinct to turn off the unnecessary ones. Piled in front of me are four rows of the same sized boxes. Each one is open, the cardboard flaps giving off a messy vibe. I take a step closer. 
“Girl things,” I say to myself. Stuffed animals. I see at least three unicorns. Pink organza everything. I wave at the clothes he’s wearing with a laughing smile I can’t help.
“I had no idea. Here I thought you were trying to get into my pants.”
“These are not mine. The shipping company your website recommends isn’t worth-”
“Not my website. Even though I’m a total computer girl and the site could use a major overhaul . . .” I let the words drift between us. I almost complained about my dad to a stranger. Worse, a Shadow.
“Well, I’ll be happy to hit your father with my numerous complaints.” I raise my hands in a gesture meant to signal my work here is done. He steps into my space, him and his tiny pants. I almost grab his ass. Just because.
“Leon called you Marguerite.”
“Yeah, I have a feeling my correcting him will do no good.”
“I thought that was your name.” 
“I changed it when I was seven.”
“Tell me the story.”
“No.” I close my eyes, working at hiding the smile. I do love this story. Next thing I know, my voice replaces the sound of our slow, deep breaths.
“‘I can’t believe that mom still married you after you knocked her up when she was only seventeen. I also can’t believe you went in and named me without her okay on that crap name you selected.’ 
“Frank was drunk, but like always, he could snap into a pissed off straight mood at a moment’s notice. ‘Okay little shit, let’s go.’ My role model father threw me in the car and drove us to the city record’s office. ‘You have five minutes. Change your name if you have the balls.’ 
“He expected me to cower in the seat and pray he wouldn’t hit me for my rudeness. I was four when I realized what a crappy name he chose for me. By the time I was five, I had learned that while my mom was still knocked out from having a c-section the asshat named me. I was supposed to be Lisa Day Mercer. Mercer was my mother’s maiden name, her father’s family name, her father who she spent my life telling me was a wonderful man, a saint, the best father around. Fucking crazy woman.
“So in a plain office with a paper spider that still hung from the ceiling even though it was the end of Christmas break, I walked up to the window where a pretty black woman with kind eyes asked if she could help me and help did she ever.
“‘Hello there, little miss.’
“‘My dad is sitting over there.’ I pointed him out with a burst of happiness that made my voice go really high. ‘He brought me so I could change my name.’ She walked me through the paperwork, which even at seven I was capable of managing myself.
“‘Well, Maggie Lane, it’s sure nice to meet you.’ 
“It was official and my dad was pissed. He thought I wouldn’t do a thing, much less cut his crap last name. But with few years under my belt, I knew I hated the man that made me call him father or dad, but never asshole like I tried a couple times.”
I sway on my feet, lack of oxygen or plain terror. How could I have shared all that? 
“Don’t freak out,” Damon says with a hint of alarm in his voice. Or is that distress? I shake off the panic attack for something better. Teasing will comfort me.
“Your pants are hurting you, aren’t they?”
“So much. I think I’m going to cry.” I laugh right as he leans in. Lips only. His feel so warm as he draws my lower lip between his, but I can still feel the mirth between us, like we’re playing. My first real kiss is a laughing one. I never would have guessed it.



Six
Instead of leaning in or pulling away, he takes a full step back with his hands raised in a placating gesture. I expect him to say, “Peace,” or something lame like that. Instead, he groans.
“Your helpful roommate took my only other clothes and supplied me with these under the guise of big laundry plans. He left me the spare swim shorts you were drooling over yesterday.” I leap toward him with my finger jabbing the air, but nothing, not a swear word or a death threat would leave my mouth. 
“You wait right here,” he says with a fierce stare. I feel my feet prepare to make tracks back to my house. “Maggie, I’m about to pass out.” He disappears into what was intended to be a home office. I can’t seem to run away. My first big crush is not supposed to be a Shadow. Hell, why couldn’t I fall in love with a gay boy who pisses me off every other day? 
A minute later while I’m replaying our kiss, Damon shouts from the other room, which is plain rude. “Branden told me you left home when you were sixteen and moved across the country all by yourself. He said you worked four jobs to pay rent and when you were offered a deal to move out here you made sure he was taken care of with a portion of your trust fund just for him.” Red flag!
I have my fingers wrapped around the doorknob when a whisper at my ear and a body against my back freezes me in place. “I’m not interested in your father’s money.” It’s out there though. What is Branden doing talking about me so much?
“The money I gave to Branden was to make sure he’d be okay here without all the pool hustling. Did you know he did that?” Damon laughs in response. He also moves away enough I can turn around to face him. 
“Yeah, that’s his element. People underestimate him all the time. It’s his size and the way he is, people think he’s this easy going guy when really he’s the toughest bastard I know.” Yeah, that’s true. He threw my grandpa across the room with strength I never knew possible. I was a bloody mess with broken and sliced up everything. For weeks, Branden’s eyes flickered between rage, love, and pain. But the love part was amazing. 
“I love him, you know.” 
“Yeah, I know.” 
“You think he knows? He thought I up and applied to school without telling him. I have a hard time with the feelings stuff.” Damon takes my hand in his. That’s when I realize I’m sweating again. His skin feels much cooler. “I’m having hot flashes or something and I’m only nineteen.” I’m about to have my first honest to goodness panic attack.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but I have to get you out of your clothes.” I strip off the shirt, amused by his stunned-stupid expression. I’m wearing one of my prettier bras, demi cup and see-through lace, apparently a very distracting combination. He helps drag my jeans down my overheated legs. I grip my panties so they don’t go along for the ride as his hair brushes against my chest then my stomach. Like a true novice at this boy/girl business, I throw my hand over my mouth when I gasp at his closeness.
“What sneaky wrapping, Maggie,” he whispers. “Wearing this underneath jeans and a large T-shirt.” I stare down at him, but he keeps his eyes boldly on said presents. 
I’m still burning up. What is this? Damon picks me up and carries me to the shower. I almost forget for a moment about the heat spell in his cocoon of arms and chest. 
I’ve never been tossed in an ice cold shower before. His eyes dance with amusement at my wild shriek. I grab him by the shirt and pull him in the shower with me, laughing at his grunt until I hear him blow out a ragged breath. Suddenly, his mouth is on mine, and like a tsunami pushing everything in its path, I’m shoved back until the tile meets harshly with my back.
“I’m sorry. I got carried away. Did I hurt you?” He turns off the faucet with harsh jerky motions and wraps me in a towel like I’m some waterlogged puppy.
I’m standing in his bedroom with a towel and not much else. He’s sitting on his bed berating himself. “I’m not so fragile, Damon.” It’s not until I say his name that he looks up.
“Everything you’ve been through and then I don’t mind my own strength with you.” I touch the bandage on my forearm, amazed it’s still in place. He shakes his head. 
Anger bursts through me in the form of me wagging my useless pointer finger at him. “I’m not some victim.” I storm out. I’m more pissed that Branden has the nerve to share my dark history with another person. I rarely talk about my past; it seems implied best friend material. I’m at the front door when Damon moves in front of me.
“Don’t go,” he says in a way that makes me want to give in, but that’s not me. I don’t give in, ever. “Wait.”
“We’re strangers,” I tell him with a hard nod, my best effort to remind myself Damon is a Shadow.
“I like elephants.” My mouth hangs open, too stunned to form words. “Did you know they laugh?” I shake my head. I didn’t know that. “Vegetarians piss me off. So does mint green.” 
“A color pisses you off?” He breathes a yes. I shake my head to clear it and open the door. Everything changes. Michael, the “hey” guy from Raccoon’s, is standing on Damon’s doorstep. He looks five seconds from snatching my towel. Michael reaches out for me with pure feral lust painted across his handsome face. The move pushes me into the door jam.
“Run home and lock the door.” I do as Damon orders only because he’s in the middle of throwing punches with Michael. The scuffle only lasts as long as it takes me to reach my front steps where Michael swipes me off my feet. I scream. I don’t mean to. I hate screaming. That summons more Shadows than I’ve seen at one time. 
Branden charges out of the house. It’s becoming his signature move. “Michael, you don’t want to do this.”
“I think I do. I think you’ve found something here.” I’ve seen rage in Branden’s face before, but never terror. This is not good. 
“Uh, um, Michael? What do you want?” I nervously ask. His answer is to laugh and kiss my neck. I glance at Damon, thinking only his mouth is allowed on me like that. I should not think that way. I just met him. We’re not going steady. I laugh at my own corniness.
“You should be crying.” 
“If it were my best friend holding you down, kissing your neck, would you be crying?” I laugh again. He releases me. I think to look at my face.
“You’re making jokes? What kind of girl are you?”
“A tough one,” I tout with my chin fully raised like I have brass balls. Leon steps forward with a slight head bow in my direction along with a meandering gaze up and down my body, reminding me I lost my towel sometime between Damon’s doorstep and my house. 
“Better than my imagination. I didn’t quite have all the coloring down.” Oh god, that’s embarrassing. Leon stares right at my boobs. “Pink,” is all he says before ushering Michael off in some weird Shadow business. I hope that it entails how not to grab Maggie and try to keep her. The remaining Shadows give me long looks and then return to their homes. Branden walks up and gives me a small kiss on the lips. 
“Go inside. I’ll be there shortly.” Bossy housemate. 
“Fine, I’m going only because I’m afraid someone else will talk about the color of my fucking nipples.” Damon’s eyes go straight there and I quickly run away. I played the tease there, but whatever that Shadow business was about, neither one was going to share with me. Time to look into this. I think the place to start is with my dad’s weird little village. 
Still in my bra and panties, I go straight to the computer and search Pearl Estates. That gives me the most recent ad my dad placed, which was way back when the Haas family began renting their house. They were the newest normal family to move in. That was a year before I took over as property manager. Damon must have heard about the neighborhood from people here or there’s some kind of wait list. I don’t find much else, so I pull up construction permits. That will tell me when the houses were built.
The first permit was dated the day I was born. I sit back on that one. My dad was in the hospital watching me being born lifeless, and then stepped out to submit paperwork for this neighborhood? Maybe he had an underling do it for him. 
I look up Frank Beeker. Random people and past tenants think he’s a real SOB. An article written shortly after I was born speculates on his “sudden wealth.” My dad claimed a long lost inheritance, but I know that’s impossible. 
During the search for my grandfather, I checked into my parents’ family lines. My dad is all that’s left, and he was poor growing up. My mom was middle class. It was just her and her crazy father, though not always. She had an older sister who died when my mom was just a kid. I couldn’t get any details about the death, which never sat well with me, but medical details are much harder to come by than say an obscure article written twenty years ago about an asshole. 
The money didn’t fall out of the sky. Frank came into it around my birth, he lied about it from the start, and he built this neighborhood. How does that help me? I look up my name, the one I was supposed to have, Lisa Day Mercer. 
I find something about me dying during delivery. That’s not accurate or cool. My mom was interviewed. She talked about planning to move to a third world country to work with children. There was no mention of my dad or of me surviving. The article concludes with the baby being dead, my mom being awesomely strong, and my dad being out of the picture. 
There’s a dictionary link. Marguerite means pearl. So Frank named the weird town after me? I look back through the permits, searching for anything out of place. It’s here, but I can’t find it. 
“What are you doing?” I barely bite back the complaint that he snuck up on me. Branden sees the city permit link and slams my notebook shut. “You’re throwing yourself into research mode?”
“Of course I am. Something’s going on. Michael is a Shadow and so is mostly everyone in this neighborhood. I have to find out what they’re doing here. I rarely see one outside of Pearl Estates, which was named after me by the way. Nothing makes sense.”
“Leave it alone. When you get like this you end up in the hospital.” 
“One time.”
“That’s enough. Why can’t you leave them alone? You like Damon, right? You say he’s a Shadow.”
“He is one. I think I have to go to my mom. I’d say my dad, but that’s not an option.” 
“I’m telling you to drop it.”
“Watch it. You don’t tell me anything.” I’m standing there in my bra and panties and not once does he daydream about my body. He reaches down, unplugs my laptop, and snatches it. Oh, that’s something else. Not only will that not deter me, I’m seconds from leaping on his back like a deranged monkey.
“Wild monkeys are mean animals, Branden.” Sometimes when he really pisses me off I make cartoon villain references, but this is my first animal planet threat. I hear one barely there snort before he disappears into his room. We stick to our mutual corners the rest of the night.
“Maggie, children break our hearts. We do what we can as parents, but sometimes the only thing to do is surrender. My daughter told me you’re a vampire.” The old bastard takes out an archaic silver knife that looks more like a puny dagger. I almost snicker, but then he aims it at me.
I wake up with my throat raw from screaming and my face wet from tears only ever shed in my sleep. 
“Shh, it’s okay, I’m here,” Branden murmurs as he slides into my bed and holds me. 
“Did she really do it? Did she tell him I was a vampire?” He pushes me away so he can see my face.
“Who?”
“My mom.” He pulls me close, I think to hide his face. It was twisting in some dark emotion. I fall asleep in his hot arms, a better home than a fancy house with an awesome view of the mountains. 
I wake up late, the first time in ages. By the look of my bandage, I know there’s no hitting the pavement in running shoes. No cleaning. No swimming. Just shower, breakfast/Sesame Street, clinic, and Luke’s place. 
My mind quickly recaps my research from last night. The permits were submitted the day I was born. My dad had no money beforehand. This neighborhood was named after me. Or me after it?
“You haven’t been taking it easy. I’m sure I told you no exerting yourself.” Eleven has an annoyed tone, but it seems more likely he doesn’t appreciate being woken up before four in the afternoon. I say don’t post your on-call phone number then. “Have you taken any of the pain meds?” 
“No, I don’t like to take drugs. You know, because of the thing.” He smiles and nods. He knows. For over two years now, I’ve been coming here to donate my blood. Trotting down the street is much easier than going into the city. How far can your altruism go? Paying for parking seems too far.
“Good girl, kids these days,” he says as if I’m fifteen and he’s fifty. I’ve always called him Eleven in my head. I call all of them by their house number, until Damon. How can one person change something so integral to my being? I’ve not liked Shadows since I could see them, so always. 
My mom refused to acknowledge them, but there was a glint of distrust in her eyes when I pointed one out. It’s hard to gauge anything by that nutcase. I would be nutty too if I had her father. As it is, I’m teetering on the edge of sanity with my own bad dad.
“Looks like you’re due for your donation in a few days. Would you like to go ahead and do it today?” But I’m alone. I never go alone. I quickly slide to my feet. “Don’t be afraid. You’ve been coming to me for two years.” Yeah, and I still call you Eleven. Doesn’t that say something?
“Branden is always with me. I’ll wait.” He sighs with a gentle smile, allowing a fraction of his impatience to show. “And besides, I have my new job in a few minutes. Thanks for the patch up, Doc.” 
“New job?” Shit. Will this get back to my dad?
“That’s doctor/patient confidentiality.” I race out before I say something that will get my ass kicked later, but I’m thinking my dad won’t make another move. Branden may act like the biggest fairy ever and he’s certainly the biggest slut ever, but when it comes to me, something comes out in him, and man is he a brute force.
The sweltering heat wave is finally over. Typical July temps return, perfect for jeans and a Motocross shirt. 
“Do you own anything pretty, Maggie?” I look around Luke’s place.
“Do you?” He laughs. “No really, the house needs to be gutted. I’ll help you with it. I mean, you’re an artist, right? Shouldn’t you have better taste than where country decor goes to decompose?” 
“I teach Fundamentals of Art. I never said I’m an artist.”
“I thought all art teachers were sad unaccomplished artists.” 
“Do you have a mute button on that mouth?”
“No.” I walk in and find Andy bouncing around the living room. He’s still in his pajamas even though it’s noon. “Okay little stinker, let’s get you dressed for the day. Move it.” 
“Maggie, I’ll be back before four. Thank you for this.” 
I can tell he doesn’t say that often, so I ask, “Did that hurt?” He laughs. He doesn’t do that often, either. We’re the same but for different reasons. Love has torn him to pieces. Hate is what’s done me in. 
I watch Luke leave to mold young eager minds in the ways I desperately want to learn. With only three families left in the neighborhood, I won’t have to work as much. I’ll have time for school. That means broaching the subject with Branden who may or may not pitch a fit. 
The next couple hours are spent running loops in the house with Andy or plopping down in front of the TV and watching one of his many shows. Today he’s all about Star Trek, not the latest one, but I never got around to watching this one.
I keep my mind clear of all the weirdness back home to concentrate on the boy. I want to know what makes him tick. The first thing I notice is that his fingers run over every surface they can find, only stopping at an occasional loose thread. That’s one of his things, like quoting movies, running his feet into the ground, and bouncing like his shoes are mini-trampolines. 
Luke prepared lunch for him so all I had to do was heat it up. Afterward I rock the boy to sleep. He’s four and small for his age and cuter than any child I’ve ever seen. I bet that’s part of his design. He was made extra lovely to ensure he will get the help he needs in life.
“He’s napping?” Luke comes home, and not quietly either. He tears through the house, slamming the front door. 
“Do you have a lot of younger siblings? How is someone like you so good with kids, with my kid?”
“I’m an only child. Someone like me?”
“Yeah Maggie, you’re the mouthiest girl I’ve ever met. The bartender at your work is awful to you and you flip him off right in front of the customers. At work, you dress like you should be on a beach sunbathing or playing volleyball. When you come here, you look like a clumsy tomboy. All the while your eyes tell me you’ve lived lifetimes.” I was aiming for sexy with my work clothes.
“Look who’s the psych major now. I don’t like to be read.” 
“Too bad. You’re not a student, but you should be. You’re smart, but you work at that meat locker. You live in a grand house in your weird town, and my son acts differently with you in our lives.”
“You’re thinking too hard. I’m not a Rembrandt or Chagall. I’m not something to study.”
“Chagall, huh? You know art?” In a pure back off gesture, I sniff, raise my chin, and glare. This is my secret with Branden. I give Andy a kiss on the head, waking him up. He gives me the sweetest, calmest smile ever before hiding away in his skittering eyes and bouncing body. 
The boy hops in front of the TV and watches Star Trek again. I wouldn’t mind putting off Raccoon’s to watch it again.
“Maggie, you’re an artist?” I walk over, noticing for the first time Luke has that whole hot professor thing going on with the long sleeved men’s shirt rolled up to his elbows and worn jeans. His students must swoon. I can see the man is fit and cares about his appearance. Oh, I think he is a player.
“Luke, back off. I’m not one of your impressionable students. Your charm won’t work on me.” He smiles, completely uninjured by my words.
“I don’t think I would waste my effort on you, Miss Lane. You’re not just a tough cookie. You’re broken.”
“Ass.” 
“I’ve heard that before.” I bet. We arrange for me to be there same time Wednesday, and I head out to my other job. 
I quickly change my clothes in the car. I don’t feel right changing at Luke’s, and no way am I stripping down anywhere near Raccoon’s. I swap the jeans and boy’s shirt for cute little white shorts and a pink fitted tee. I keep the Sketchers and psych myself into waitress mode. 
I’m early, so I break out my laptop I stole back from Branden. Karl has Wi-Fi here, mainly to pull in the professional folks for the lunch shift. College kids who want Wi-Fi tend to be wary of our fine establishment.
The name on the permits is not Frank Beeker, it’s Leon’s. Number Eight? My dad’s financial boon must have to do with the Shadows somehow. The only job I ever see on their paperwork is consultant. That’s a bogus fallback, for what? Criminal activity? This is where things get murky for me. 
I don’t have a rigid moral code, and then I do. People like my grandfather can be strung up or worse, worse is better. I don’t give a crap about people who sell pot. Theft is all in degrees, but violence towards women and children? Throw them to the wolves. No trial, no government spending, just eliminate them. I know my dad falls into that category, and I often wonder if I mean my words. I think I do. 
“You can’t leave it alone, can you?” Branden is standing over my shoulder, seeing I’m on the city permit page again. 
“Guess not.” His eyes fluctuate between anger and genuine concern. It’s been awhile since it’s been just love. Whatever is going on with him is changing the way he looks at me. The thought of losing him one look at a time, of losing the only person I love is almost too much. I pull in a deep emotional breath and start my shift. 
“Hot ass!” Monday night has its own rowdy crowd, the sports guys who don’t need football season to get drunk and act stupid. They just need it to be Monday. This linebacker looking dude, I say dude because that’s what he is, grabs my ass with his entire hand and he’s still holding it. I have a tray of two Cokes and a froo froo Fuzzy Navel. If I spill them on the jerk, I’ll have to go to Jim for refills. Karl recognizes the debate going on, but more, he spots the ass holding. I’ve never seen him angry before. He storms out of the back with red cheeks and a neck full of bulging veins.
“Out! If you want to come back, you’ll have to apologize to the girl. That’s what she is, you know. She’s just a little girl.” Oh god, I think he means little girl in a virgin way. I am going to kill Branden. The ass grabber lets go and storms out, which leaves me with Karl who now sees me as what? Someone to save or someone to conquer? Guys and virgins. “Are you okay?” 
Not a fan of Karl’s new “protect the innocent girl” routine, I smack his arm. “Thanks for the rescue.” I leave it at that and deliver my drinks. I flash Jim a grin. I didn’t have to ask him for anything. He glares back. 
Branden’s working the point as usual. The restaurant is a corner brick building that narrows at the far end with the bar, the bulk of tables, and the kitchen making up the fatter end of the strange triangle. When you work the point, you’re in no man’s land. The food can actually get cold making the walk from the kitchen to the table.
Michael, the handsy “hey” Shadow, walks in with all his sex appeal and flirting. He pays the hostess to seat him in my section, which he didn’t need to do. It’s late and all my tables have cleared out. 
“You look very pretty tonight, Maggie.” I roll my eyes at him. I’m sweaty and even cleavage and leg can’t do much for the lack of effort in my appearance. “Not as lovely as last night however.” His eyes pour over me, focusing on my chest far too long. “Pink. I remember.” 
“Michael, are you here to eat or tease?” 
“Are you offering?” He flashes a pretty smile, reinforcing the obvious, his dark hair and eyes are just as dark as his intentions.
“I’m losing my patience.” I know when I say that, I’ve already lost it. I lean in so I can glare up close and personal. “Back the fuck off, Michael. I don’t like to be played with.” His smile grows.
“Oh, you are so much fun. Ease up, I’ll order. I just came in here to tell you the good news. I’m moving here. Worked it out to move into the house next to Leon’s.”
“The Bellow’s house?” I say too loud, prompting my strange housemate to rush over and give Michael a once over. The animosity is barely there between the two, as if all is mended. I have to get out of here, and I’m thinking Branden won’t want to come. 
The thought of losing him reaches into the depths of who I am. I don’t bawl my eyes out often and never over silly emotions, usually after my nightmares, so that doesn’t count. Sometimes I want to cry after being hit, but this is different. This hurts all over. I rush to the bathroom, and who is enthusiastically taking some brunette chick over the sink? Yup, Jim. He’s such a man whore. 
“Not even if you paid me, Maggie. Get out.” Exhibitionist asshole. I close the door and head for the walk-in freezer. I’ll let the cold take the sting away. Karl follows me in. I really hope he doesn’t think this is his chance with me. 
“I’m just taking a minute, okay?” He walks up to me, that solemn hero look plastered on his face, and wraps his big arms around me. He feels as hot as Branden always does. I sense his wanting, but that’s not why he’s in here. I can tell that much. I don’t know why he cares so much. I’ve been working for him for near a year with a fake ID so I can serve liquor. 
The city is weird, you can pour and serve beer, but for the hard stuff, you have to be twenty-one. Pot is illegal, but not enforced. A cop would chase down a speeder before taking someone in for smoking a bowl in the park. I told Karl my real age, but for records’ sake, I’m twenty-two. I always liked his ability to skirt the superfluous laws. 
His warm embrace changes the way the air does before a big rain. The hand lovingly rubbing my back runs down to my ass, while his other hand reaches up behind my neck and pulls me close. There should be enough time to react, but he goes in for the kiss while I’m stunned stupid. His lips, unfamiliar and soft, feel all wrong. They’re not Damon’s. The very girly thought makes me growl and Karl moan.
Seconds go by while I process, mostly while I think about Damon, until finally my hands push at Karl’s chest and my throat makes some kind of protesting bark. 
“Maggie, I’m a good guy,” he pleads as if attraction can be explained into being. Karl moves forward, changing tactics from nice guy to persistent nice guy. “Can’t you even consider me?” I want to cry. That’s why I came in here in the first place.
“Karl, it can’t happen between us.” The hurt in his face is more than I can take. I pat him on the shoulder. I wait for him to say something to let me off the hook, or at least tell me to stop patting him. Nothing. I take a deep breath and hold it. Maybe the right words will come out in a rush. Nope. I abandon my pity mission and hurry out. Branden is waiting for me on the other side of the freezer door. The look he gives me. How can he go from sleeping next to me after a nightmare to giving me dagger stares? 
“Didn’t take you for the type, Mags.” I punch him in the gut for that. He knows never to call me that. The tears come fast and hard. Not only is Branden calling me a slut, but he’s calling me by one of my father’s pet names. I angrily untie my apron and throw it at his face. My shift just ended early.



Seven
The packing takes less than ten minutes. I’ve done it before. I stick to clothes, bathroom items, and my stash of cash. I want to leave without a word. He doesn’t deserve a note, but I can’t. I love him. 
“Branden, you’re a dick.” That’s all I write. There’s more, but some things you shouldn’t commit to paper, some things you can never take back. I’m at the front door when Branden rushes in. He looks at my bag, then at me. I shove my note at him without saying anything. The second I’m on the landing he grabs me by the arm and pulls me back inside.
“God, Maggie, I didn’t mean it.” 
“You’re a dick. There, you don’t have to read my note now.” He tries not to laugh, but that wonderful pitchy almost giggle bursts out of him. “If you want to stay here with the Shadows, then stay. You’re the only reason I’m here. You. Because I love you, but God, I won’t recover losing you to mean words.” 
I wiggle free and race outside. Before I can make a clean getaway, the Escalade drives up and parks next to my car. My plan was to be here and gone, so I didn’t park in the garage. Stupid. I throw my bag in the bushes and pray my father failed to notice. 
“Mags, we got another move in,” he says all chipper. He’s had too much sauce to hide how drunk he is. “Michael Caster is waiting for you over at the Bellow’s. They left this afternoon. You were nowhere to be found.” 
He walks over with his hands clenched at his sides. He’s drunk enough that he’s dangerous. I can’t see his hits coming when he’s like this. I swear though, if he lays one hand on me again, I won’t let him walk away. I’m done with the father/daughter hierarchy. He broke the agreement. 
I see my mom in the front seat. I almost smile at her, it’s a natural daughter thing to do, but then she gives me this look like all my birth dreams and basement nightmares are true. “Where were you today?”
“Back off, Frank.” His eyes go crazy. I wait a second to see if they’re going to burst out of the sockets in a big gory show. “I’ll do the walk-through, but I’d appreciate in the future a simple phone call. I don’t enjoy these liquored visits. Or any, for that matter. You’re an awful human being, if you’re even that.” The last comment summons my mother, hate and more fill the maternal glare. 
“Sweetie, get in the car.” How she can call my father a loving pet name while sending me so much enmity is beyond me. Frank does what my mother asks and climbs back in the car. When they drive away, Branden flies down the stairs and pulls me into a twirling hug. I can’t help but share his excitement. 
“You were brilliant,” he triumphs. “Let’s get the walk-through over with, and then we’ll go out dancing. Come on, this deserves serious celebrating.” It does. Arm in arm we walk to house nine where the newest Shadow is sitting next to Leon chatting all civilized like.
Not even Shadows can wreck my mood tonight. I actually called my dad Frank, and in that moment, I owned him. I showed him that I remember every hit. I think I’m scrappy. I think I could have actually taken the bastard.
“Here’s the kitchen, the living room. You can’t really see the yard that well at night, but it’s there. Fireplace, rooms, blah, blah, blah. No raging parties. Ask Leon about that. If you have any problems, give me a call. The pool hours are posted on the door.” That’s it. It takes less than a minute to give Michael the tour. 
“I’m not feeling it, Marguerite.”
“And you’re not going to either.” He laughs.
“You’re fun to play with.”
“You’re not.” 
I take off, but he follows. “So what’s on the agenda?” It appears we have a new tagalong Shadow. Branden sends Michael over to Damon’s while we get ready. I notice my housemate slyly snatching my bag from the bushes.
“You’re going to look good tonight. We should go by work and watch Karl drool.”
“It’s just a little crush. He kissed me in the freezer. I had to tell him it wasn’t going to happen.” 
Branden searches through my closet. The only clothes I left behind are outfits he bought to help me pretty it up.
“He knew what he was doing when he followed you into the freezer. And Maggie, it’s not an innocent crush.”
“I’m not into him and he’s my boss.” 
“Well, the boss you’re not into wanted to keep you in the walk-in freezer until you melted for him.” He pulls out a cotton plum-gray dress with long sleeves, a thin belt at the waist, and a flowing short skirt. It’s sexy and sophisticated. Next, he rummages through my dresser. “Maggie, with that ass, why don’t you own any thongs? I mean, come on.”
“Not gonna happen. Besides, I have something that counts as a compromise.” I pull out a black lace number that barely qualifies as anything. He backs off the thong issue and retreats to his room to get ready. 
I wear my hair down and throw on lipstick and the necklace I bought in New York with my own money. The chain is gold with little hearts going all the way around. I add wispy dangling earrings Branden gave me for my birthday last year and catch up with him outside where he loudly announced he’d be waiting.
My housemate looks great in designer jeans, a simple tee that’s probably expensive, and man-shoes, the kind that still look girly. He’ll snag a date tonight with no effort at all.
Damon’s in dark jeans and a snug V-neck black tee. I wave at his appearance with a questioning look. “Michael was kind enough to loan me some clothes.” Last night Michael was the enemy for all of two minutes. 
“Are you going to braid each other’s hair and have sleepovers next?” 
“Why are you all looking at me?” Branden whines with the perfect amount of indignation.
“I’m a likeable guy, Maggie,” Michael says. 
“I don’t believe you.”
Damon finds that so funny he laughs all the way over to me. “Good instincts,” he leans in and whispers. “I hear we are celebrating. I want first dance.” He searches my eyes for something. I have no idea what, but it makes him grin a total male smile that turns my cheeks hot.
“Can we go now?” Michael might not be so bad after all. I like a man who can pout.
We hit Pure, the very adult club across the street from the job I may or may not have in the morning. I did walk out before my shift ended. Granted, it was dead by then, and my only customer was a brazen Michael. 
Once inside, musical vibrations settle under my skin and psychedelically illuminated bodies flow around me. Corner booths overflow with couples and groups doing things that have me blushing on the spot. Michael raises his eyebrows in question as if to say, “Is this too much for your fragile sensibilities?” I flip him off in answer.
The dance floor exudes sex with men grinding against each other, groups pulsing in mazes of weaving arms and hips, and women displaying no modesty whatsoever. Makes me think given more booze and time, and the scene will be a full-fledged orgy. 
A muscly pretty boy rubs up against Branden, all the invitation my housemate needs. 
Michael catches sight of a twenty-something blond chick dancing at the bar as she waits for her drink. “That girl,” he shouts in my direction, “is about to be remade.” I play along and nod automatically. “If you ever change your mind, I’ll make you fly.”
“If this is how you plan to seduce your date, you’re talking to the wrong girl.” Michael ignores my comment and attempts to run a finger down my cheek. “Not a good idea,” I warn.
“It’s such a good idea, I’ll save it for later.” I watch the dark and dangerous knight slither away and over to the bouncing girl who doesn’t stand a chance. I see his lips word, hey. She melts and practically hands over her panties, if she’s wearing any. Damon squeezes my hand and pulls me to the dance floor. 
No words, just his body moving with mine. The music becomes a distant hum. “This is a good look,” he says after endless minutes of a purely physical high. He might have yelled it, I don’t know. The words melted away with everyone else in the club. A while back, I decided I would take the slutty route to getting over my traumas, and then quickly discovered a person can’t make a conscious choice like that. I wanted to be free, kiss any hot guy who smiled my way, kiss and more. I knew the logistics of what more meant, but in a rote memorization of the Declaration of Independence kind of way.
Damon pulls me the last few inches closer. His racing heart matches mine. I stretch up to my toes and feather my lips across his. His fingers clutch my dress. I freeze when I realize what just happened.
“Don’t’ freak.” Oh, I’m freaking. His eyes light up. His whole face looks pleased as punch. “Can’t take it back, Maggie. I’m your first.” First guy I made a move on. “Breathe.” He holds the back of my neck, his thumbs rubbing soothing circles at my hairline. “You’re burning up again. Let’s find a booth.”
I look around the room, noting all the occupied tables. Damon easily guides me to the far section. He sits me down and leaves just as quickly.
“Hello, there.” A tall, dark-haired, out-of-focus man with a drink in his hand sloshes over and scoots uninvited into the booth with me. I feel hyper from the music and jittery like he’s a Shadow, but I can’t focus on much right now. The interloper makes his move. A possessive hand squeezes my thigh. 
“I’m here with someone,” I say beyond irked. I think I actually see the mouth of a wolf when he smiles at my petulance. I blink to clear my vision and keep blinking. My right hand is poised to double strike him, first his thigh, then his nuts.
“She’s unavailable.” The voice is familiar. I know it, but right now, I’m in the middle of a standoff. The man squeezes my thigh hard. I bring my knuckles down fast but hit the cushion of the seat. He’s gone. 
“Are you okay?” The same familiar voice. I can’t place it. It’s not Damon’s. Michael, I decide. I lean over the table until my cheek rests on the cool surface.
“What happened?” That’s Damon.
“You left your girl here and someone found her. You’re lucky. For all our sakes, you’re lucky. She’s getting worse. You know what needs to happen.” Michael again. You can’t shake the guy.
“He’s not ready to tell her. Give him more time.” 
“Don’t tell her then, but she needs a dose tonight.” Their words make as much sense as anything else Shadow-related. Everything goes quiet before blurs fly by with an explosion of cool rushing air. After a while, the quiet becomes menacingly dark and that can only mean I’ve fallen asleep.
My grandfather pushes a cold glass to my lips. Liquid silently spills over. “It’s drugged,” he says minus any theatrics or menace. Without the blindfold, I would probably see a bored old man who saw the gruesome deed of torturing his granddaughter the same as any chore. 
My mouth feels like the desert. I try to resist, but I can’t. Whatever he gave me isn’t strong enough to knock me out. I hear another man’s voice. The strained whispering makes it hard to tell much. He sounds younger than the evil old bastard.
“Do you have to do this? She’s not one of them. I know it.” Someone in this hellhole is pleading for my life. “She ran away to get away from them. Why would she do that if she was one of them?” My grandfather doesn’t say anything, just drags a finger along the left side of my face. I focus all my energy to keep from throwing up or biting his finger off. He could still kill me with a missing digit. “I want her released. She won’t derail the mission. Everyone is in place. No one suspects a thing.” 
“Get out of here before you compromise everything. You’re not to be part of this. You handle your end, the clean up. What I do with her is my business. She’s family. I have to put her down myself.” I want to cry. Is it possible to be borne of evil and come out scot-free? 
I wake up in Damon’s room. “I don’t like that,” he says. His strong arms pull me close. The nightmare still has enough hold of me tears continue to stream. I’ve always done the silent crying thing, but something about being in Damon’s arms gives voice to my pain. I hear a whimper, then another. I want to hide, but he dips his head down so we’re looking into each other’s eyes. I expect soothing words from him because that’s what guys do when they can’t do anything else. Instead, he kisses me. A bold hand runs down my back over my hip. Fingers feather out over my silken panties, pulling a soft gasp out of me.
“I couldn’t find Branden, so I took you to my house. You were soaked through your dress.” He changed my clothes. 
“And you were a prince and didn’t look?” He groans then kisses my hot cheeks. 
“I am not going to tell you that, but I was the model rescuer until just a minute ago. It would be my turn to pass out if I was still being subjected to Branden’s skinny jeans.” I give him a confused look. In answer, he presses his hips to mine. Another gasp, but my body lights up at the same time, some kind of curiosity is sparked; a new adventure is mapped out. 
“I’m in your bed, wearing your T-shirt,” I tell him, but more myself to help snap out of his sex spell.
“Michael’s shirt, but I plan to keep it now.”
“Not the point.” 
“Right. You’re about to tell me to back the hell off and stop smiling at you.”
“I’m still out of it. I would have forgotten the smiling part until later.” He cuts off his smile by biting his lip. I feel my jaw drop because that one stupid move I’ve seen girls do countless times makes me dizzy. I shake my head, but he still has the same appeal. 
“Now you want to smack me because I turn your insides to mush.” He directs his eyes to my hand that is slightly raised and about to smack him.
“I’d never say mush.” The soothing hand at my neck slides down again. I open my mouth to continue our banter because that is at least safer than fingers splaying over my ass and me making an embarrassing sound beyond a gasp. “Damon-” He closes his eyes at the sound of his name. “Just . . . Ugh . . .” I kiss his neck, jolting him into action. 
With shocking intensity, he leans in and brushes his lips against mine, once, twice, until they part. His throat makes an approving primal sound before his tongue sweeps in. I jump and open my eyes. When had I closed them? For the first time in my life words press for release. I want to gush like a girl about the new sensations, not the ones exploding inside me, but the quieter, gentler ones that make me want to hum and sway through a field of grass. Still wide-eyed I grip his shirt and dive into the kiss that turned my insides into freaking mush.
His hot mouth moves to my neck at the same time one of his hands slides up my stomach. My mind overloads with scenes of lovers from paintings I’ve stared at hundreds of times. Bodies wrapped in each other, expressions twisted in rapture, colors so intense they gave me the illusion I understood the scene before me. Want like nothing I’ve ever known, crazy hungry want, that is the emotion in those paintings. I claw at Damon’s arms as he kisses my neck, as his knee pushes between my legs, as his hand slides up further. 
“It’s okay, Maggie. Don’t cry.” I want to punch him for saying that. 
“Shut up.” He chuckles. 
“Okay, I’ll shut up.” I wait for him to climb off and tell me how he pushed too far too fast and how he’s sorry. Instead, he puts his head down on the pillow next to my head and settles in for the long haul.
“You’re not supposed to camp out for the night,” I say, annoyed I can’t figure him out at all. He wiggles his heavy body on top of mine, making it clear he’s not napping. “Look, I get teary after bad dreams. This was a freak thing. Right? I’m not destined to cry during sex.”
“We haven’t come close to having sex yet.” The pillow muffles his words, but I hear his fake bored voice just fine. “You do get that we didn’t have sex, right? Ouch!” 
“My bad.” He climbs off, laughing and rubbing his shoulder where I bit him.
“I wish I had the power to slay nightmares, Maggie. But your tears while we’re intimate are beautiful to me.”
“Shut up.” I’m a busy girl. I have things to do and revealing I’m a nutcase can wait until never. There’s a riddle in my dreams waiting to be solved. Some gentle-sounding man has everything set up. Everything is in place, no that’s not right, everyone is in place. I’m one of them, them being who? I sit up, ready to find some answers.
“Stay.” I ignore him and debate looking for my dress or walking home in a T-shirt. “At least let me cook you something.” That has me staring blankly at him.
“You cook?” He smiles and pulls me back into his arms. “Stay and find out.” I run my fingers through his blond hair that’s as soft as it looks. It’s long enough to hide his eyes, but not too long I feel compelled to call him a girl to his face. 
“I need to look into things. Things that require clear thinking. When you’re near, everything gets fuzzy.”
“So you’re saying you like me?” I laugh. I think more than like, which is impossible. “I’ll take those rosy cheeks as a yes.” He slips his hand in mine and walks me to my door. 
Branden isn’t home, which gives me room to research without him stealing my computer.
Leon and my dad had some kind of business arrangement. Frank made his money shortly after I was born and this crazy town is directly related to the Shadows. Pearl Estates was completed when I was seven. It took that long to secure all the permits, establish the water and power lines, and then build the neighborhood the way my dad wanted. Or was it built the way Leon wanted? My dad doesn’t even live here, not anymore, but we did live here all together when I was a kid. In fact, Frank had us stay in every single house for at least a few months, not number one though. Another reason I selected it, I have no memories of him in my home. 
I have to find someone who worked with my dad back in the day. I Google Frank Beeker again. On the fifth page is an obscure article about Frank, a man named Eddie Park, and a lawsuit that was settled out of court. Park claimed my dad embezzled money from their law firm. My dad was a lawyer? No. He was a file clerk, then without notice, he quit. Not much later, he came into a mysterious inheritance. I have to find this Eddie Park. I Google him next. He lives a three-hour drive from here. It’s after two in the morning, but what’s the worst that could happen from a harmless phone call? 
“Hello?” rumbles a groggy, late-night voice.
“Did you know Frank Beeker?”
“Who is this?” I detect a hint of an Asian accent.
“His daughter.” I could have lied. I’m in research mode and I’m allowed to lie to get info.
“Marguerite?” He knows me?
“Yes.” The steady breathing on the other end of the line is the only sound for an entire minute.
“Can you come and see me?” I jot down the directions not nearly as quickly as he recites them. I leave a note for Branden telling him I’m looking into something. He’ll be pissed, but this is me. 
I change into jeans and slip on a bra under Damon’s shirt.
I fill a backpack with snacks, bottled water, and pepper spray.



Eight
There is nothing lonelier than driving in Montana at night. The headlights illuminate what’s in front of you, but past that, the silent land stretches for miles, uninhabited and perfect, perfect without you. 
The sun makes a grand showing by the time I’m there. There being the border of Idaho and Montana. Pinks light up the bleak, gray rock, tricking you into thinking for just a moment you’re in the Southwest, birthplace of electric reds and oranges. 
I sit in my car stunned at how eerily similar this feels to the time I was about to meet my grandfather. I’m not feeling so smart at the moment. 
Eddie’s house is going for a rustic log cabin look. I half expect to see an outhouse with a crescent moon cut into the door. He’s at the front steps before I make it up the sand path to his porch. He’s about my height with silver streaks through midnight black hair. His eyes give away his age; they’re tired and old looking, but his soft brown skin makes me want to give him a hug. I don’t.
“Marguerite, you’re lovely. Has your father died?” What a crazy question.
“No.” He presses a finger to his lips, perfectly imitating the stereotypical absentminded professor.
“Won’t you catch hell if you leave?”
“Frank doesn’t own me.” His rude snort automatically compels my arms to cross over my chest and my chin to tilt skyward. “Does he own you?” I fight from wincing at the glint of anger in his dark eyes.
“Careful, girl. You are the one who called me. Frank may think he owns me, but I assure you he does not.”
“I’m here because-” With a curt shake of his head, he quickly waves me inside. I should turn around and run for it. I’m all alone with a man I just pissed off, and no one knows anything about this stupid road trip to the boonies.
“Child, you do not know why you’re here. I imagine you’re living in Pearl Estates and your father is not. Is that correct?” 
Settled on his couch that’s really an overpriced futon, I opt for the truth. “Yes.” 
“You want to run away.” It’s not a question.
“Yes.”
“You can’t. They will find you no matter where you go.” Eddie might know my dad, but he doesn’t know me and all my craftiness. 
“I brokered the deal. That and dropping the suit against your father were the tradeoffs for a hefty sum of money. He’s a criminal. Worse than that. I can’t take back my part in all of this no matter how long I live out here away from the world. At the time, it was easy money. I didn’t think the contract could really do what it did. It wasn’t until I saw you in the hospital nursery that I knew I had done a terrible thing. Hell is waiting for me, and I’ve been putting it off as long as I can.” None of this tells me anything.
“When you’re done beating yourself up, can you tell me anything? Who is Leon, and why did he sign the permits for Pearl Estates?” Eddie sits back in his chair, uh, overpriced futon.
“He’s the leader. He and your father made a business deal, hordes of money for a life.” My father was paid to kill someone? It had to be someone big, and how is it he’s some kind of high priced hitman? He’s NBA tall, with a nose that can’t be missed. I thought hitmen were the plain-looking stealth kind that can move in and out without being noticed.
“You’ve got it wrong,” I say with absolute confidence. 
“I’ve shared enough as it is. Hell will be here sooner rather than later.”
“You’ve given me almost nothing. What about my grandfather?” Eddie leans in with that one.
“He died long before you were born. His actions during his miserable life brought Leon into yours.”
“He’s dead, but he died two years ago after he held me captive in his basement for five days.”
Eddie’s on his feet mumbling to himself, seeming less like a helpful lead and more like a crazy who needs to be locked up for observation. I close my eyes and pretend I’m listening to little cherub Andy. I hear slayers, impossible, plot.
“You’re in danger, more than before. Keep your eyes open. When something doesn’t fit, that’s your warning. It’s not the obvious ones you have to worry about. They need you, and Marguerite. You need them.”
“I’m in danger, like grandpa danger?” I inelegantly shriek. He nods. I fold over just thinking about the damage that man caused me. He was delusional. No wonder my mom has all that crazy in her. 
“You go home now. Keep up pretenses that you suspect nothing. Your own kind will do their best to protect you. Your life and theirs can’t be severed or all will be lost, including you.” He’s a riddle man. Who’s my kind? I feel like I’m not like anyone. Worst advice ever!
At the door, he throws his arms around me in a massive hug. “I want to ask for your forgiveness. One day, maybe. I’m here when you’ve figured everything out.” He isn’t shoved away or sucker punched in the gut. I think I want to see him again.
The drive back has me running through everything I know so far. Frank, Leon, and my grandfather are at the center. Rather, my grandfather is at the center. His actions brought my father and Leon together, which resulted in Pearl Estates. How does any of it have to do with me? I don’t get an answer. I do get that I can’t trust anyone, including Branden. He’s cozier than I thought possible with the Shadows, not that I’m Miss Neutral anymore. Branden doesn’t want to move away. Eddie says I can’t. What does that mean?
I make it back before noon. Branden is sound asleep along with most of the town. Just the thought of nodding off brings to mind the nightmares waiting for me. After freshening up and scarfing down a turkey melt, I check on the three remaining families.
House number seventeen is a family of three, the Mendles. I’ve only ever spoken to the husband. Today the wife is sitting on her front steps, watching her shy four-year-old daughter. “Mrs. Mendle, how are you?” She smiles big and bright and so does her little girl. The two of them are princesses in the desert. Makeup, floral sundresses, and if you can believe it, frilly umbrellas.
“I’m well, and you?”
“Good. Just checking on the families, seeing how everyone is doing.”
“Well, isn’t that human of you.” What did she just say? I try not to acknowledge the disdain in her words or the speed with which she went from smiling to loathing. Maybe she’s bitter that her mini-me has no playmates. Mrs. Mendle is obviously doing well enough to be a bitch. It’s takes energy to break out that kind of attitude.
I walk the next block over to see an old lady hunched over weeds. Her gnarly hands work deftly around bright purple and red flowers. She has on one of those big southern old lady hats, making her look prim and pretty. 
“Doris Reigns, how are you today?” House number thirteen. Sweet old lady Doris is all the way around a wonderful person. I don’t visit much because our short exchanges reveal glimpses of what life should be like. She gives away love as if she has tons to spare. 
“Look at you, Maggie. Prettier every day. Have you come to give us more money, because I’m not taking it?” Her small stature, shorter than five feet with a slight curve to her back, which might fool you into thinking she’s harmless, and a voice affected by her seventy years of hard living, pull you in and keep you there. It doesn’t hurt that she has the softest gray eyes. And her creamy white skin carries her wrinkles perfectly, like she’s the model old person. Well, not the curving spine, but everything else for sure. 
“I heard you got slapped by that no good father of yours. We’ve already put in our notice. We won’t put up with that sort of thing.” Not Doris too. Why can’t the bitch down the street move?
“Don’t leave because of my dad.” She gives me the gentlest smile. I almost cry right there for anyone to see.
“Honey, you could come with us. The Haas told us they offered to take you along too and that’s why you got hit. That’s not supposed to happen. You’re not a prisoner here. I already put in my notice.”
“If you’re leaving, then why are you pulling weeds?” I don’t know why I chose that question, but it’s better than begging her to stay just so I can see her smile every few months.
“Moving is stressful, thinking about you, dear, breaks my heart. Pulling weeds makes me feel better. Have you ever tried it?” I imagine so. I do our lawn work. Then again, we don’t have garden beds, or we did. Now we have grass in the bushes, what I call bushes, but they’re flowering, so they are some kind of shrub. “Come here, give it a try.” I flash her a playful smile.
“Are you just trying to trick me into doing your yard work?” She laughs a sweet old lady laugh that finally makes me cry. When she opens her arms to me, I fold into her frail body. 
“Do you know why I’m a widow, dear?” Weird question. “Because my husband did to me what your father did to you.” I laugh. “Take no prisoners, Maggie. I see it in your eyes. You’re a fighter. I know you won’t come with us, but just know you’re wanted for no other reason than I think the world of you.” She gives me a kiss on the forehead and a smack on the butt. “Get to it and start weeding.” I spend twenty minutes there, and when I’m done, I do feel a touch better. 
I move on to the last family. The Leeds family live in house twenty-one. I deal with them as often as I deal with the Shadows. Their two college boys are home for summer break, and currently playing basketball in jeans, no shirts, and plenty of sweat. Girls probably go for the Irish combo of dark hair and sky blue eyes. The taller, older one is cuter. 
“Look who it is.” They stop playing to give me weird looks, flirty and angry at the same time, the kind of thing you’d get walking through a men’s prison.
“Hi guys, I’m just seeing how you’re doing?”
“Well, isn’t that human of you?” What the fuck? That’s the same thing . . . This is important. I don’t know what it means, but Eddie Park, broker of whatever deal between my dad and Leon, would say something cryptic to indicate the Leeds boys and the bitch down the street are links in the stupid chain of unanswered questions. 
Who uses the word human as an adjective? I can’t believe I’m losing Doris and these pricks are staying. 
“Anyways, still wondering how everyone is doing.” 
“It’s suffocating here, but soon that will be fixed.” The older brother is teasing in a useless, vague way. What’s the point? “How come you dress like this? I saw you at Pure last night making out with your boyfriend and then cozying up with another dude. You had that come bite me slutty thing going on. Why don’t you dress up like that for us? Or are we not bad boy enough for you?” 
“Looks like you all are doing just fine.” I turn around before I lose my temper, my professionalism, and anything else I’m trying to keep under tight control. I’m going to chalk this house up as hostile. I forgot all about the man at Pure who put his hand on my leg. And like that, he’s forgotten again.
Branden must still be asleep when I get home, but Karl is wide-awake. He’s sitting on my front porch waiting for me. “Am I fired?” I ask to get that part of the visit out of the way. He smiles and walks down my steps to where I’m standing.
“No, of course not. I was out of line. I came by to talk to you. I wanted to make sure you weren’t going to quit.”
“You can’t kiss me again.” He nods, but something tells me I did not convince him. That’s not today’s problem.
“I can expect you to come in tonight?” My shrug/smile/nod combo concludes our business together. He takes off after giving me a lame almost-hug-turned-wave. 
Inside, the A/C cools me off while I make myself a chicken salad. Guns N’ Roses blasts through the main room and I quickly forget about the shitty Mrs. Mendle and Leeds brothers. 
Since I have a few more hours before work, I break out the shorts and sports bra set on a mission to locate the so-called garden bed. I’m positive there is one now. 
With my iPod and some elbow grease, I clear all the over-grown grass and a few creepy crawlies that had me cussing. Turns out, I am terrified of spiders. They have me running, jumping, and swearing, then laughing. Doris is right about the healing powers of weeding.
“I suspected you were a dirty girl,” says a smiling Michael. Usually Shadows are still sleeping, but not him I guess. “Thought I would come by and tell you how much fun that girl had last night.” 
“Save it, I’ve heard it all before.” He crouches down, staring right into my sports bra. 
“I don’t think you have, especially if your only source of sex talk is that roommate of yours.”
“Housemate.” 
“What’s the difference?”
“We share a house, not a room.” 
“He never sleeps in your bed with you?” He leans in further and takes a deep breath. I refuse to shy away even though I’m coated in sweat and dirt, hopefully not spiders.
“When I have nightmares.”
“You smell delicious.” I laugh.
“Oh, really? I smell like Home Depot.” His own laughter stretches beyond the flirtations and the telltale shadow that encases him.
“What are you doing by the way?”
“Doris told me about the healing powers of pulling weeds. I’m trying it out. Nothing else has worked so far. I think the old lady is on to something.” I continue to work. He continues to do nothing including leaving. 
“I hear you ducked out in the middle of the night. Care to share?”
“Why don’t you think I was hooking up with some guy?” He laughs, again showing a layer of depth that speaks to enjoying life, loving it in fact.
“You weren’t with Damon. And you hooking up? Do you know what that means?” I scowl at him.
“Are you here for a reason?”
“Yeah, I want to know where you went.” His playful tone is still there, but underneath it, he’s far from his lighthearted facade.
“Michael, I don’t answer to you or anyone.” He actually growls. It makes me laugh so hard I fall into the dirt only to leap back out. “Did you just growl at me? I like it.” He’s doing his best to sport some kind of scary face, but he can’t hold on to it. I think he’s starting to like me and not in the panties kind of way. “Gotta go to work, thanks for the laughs.” I’m patting myself off when he reaches down and runs his finger on a small scar on my stomach. I brush his hand away instead of smack it. Fatigue, I tell myself.
“What’s that from?”
“Bad hands.” He moves closer.
“Your dad?” 
“No. The maker of that scar is so far past dead, I bet there’s no afterlife for him.” I can’t help but smile thinking how violently my grandfather left this earth. 
“I didn’t realize you had a dark side.”
“Put my parents together, add rope, knives, a lighter, and some other things, and you have the deader than dead bastard that made that scar.” Arrogance and ego fall away and his expression is almost caring. I prefer surly. 
“Don’t go all soft on me now. What would the girl from last night say?” His grin is back and so is the naughty gleam in his eyes. I leave on that note. 
Branden walks into the bathroom while I’m in the shower. I drown out most of the yelling. I tell him the same thing I told Michael, it’s my business if I want to take off by myself. 
I go with a cute denim skirt, purple tank top, and Sketchers for work tonight. Tuesdays brings the college kids with the half-off all appetizers when you order drinks. Big tip night once the booze starts flowing. Branden doesn’t have to work, but he insists he’s coming with.
“Maggie, have you heard anything about the waitress who disappeared?” I’m finishing getting ready while Branden sits on my extra firm queen sized mattress and box springs. Magazine cutouts of landscapes all around the world frame my bed in lieu of a real headboard. 
“Karl told me Laura went missing, but the way he said it made me think she’s not coming back. I put it out of my mind. I didn’t want to think someone so cool could just up and disappear.” 
“Karl told you she went missing?”
“Yeah, he called me into work that night. Also the same night Michael showed up at the bar and you two did your whole scary stare down, and that’s when I met Luke and Andy.”
“Luke and Andy, who are they?”
“Branden, your secrets are stacking up. I’m thinking of giving you a taste of your own medicine.” His nostrils flair with a deep fuming breath. I finish putting on my favorite, okay, my only, necklace, the one with little hearts all around and lipstick and head out. I don’t usually dress up, but getting all gross in the garden inspired the girl in me. 
“Your secrets land you in the hospital.” I ignore the reference. He’s goading me. I do tell him the truth though.
“I babysit a beautiful boy named Andy. Luke is his dad. There you go. Happy now?” My last words before racing off to work. If he wants to sit around the bar tonight, he’ll have to take his own car or find a ride. 
“Just because you dress it up, doesn’t mean you’ll ever get any of this.” Jim is such an asshole.
“Go screw yourself, Jim.” Karl stares a little too long when I first walk in. I’m thinking no more freezer cries. He can’t handle it. I walk over to him mostly because I can’t get the voice in the back of my head to be quiet. I keep hearing Branden’s questions about Laura.
“Karl, have you heard from Laura?” I don’t think he meant to look shocked by the question, but he did. He stutters and stammers until finally getting out that no one has heard anything. When I press more about her, he waves me off and goes into his office. That’s a first.
“Slippery Nipple, please.” That’s Michael sitting at the bar asking me for a shot. He’s joined by Branden and Damon. What an odd trio. 
“I’m not the bartender.”
“I’m not ordering a drink.” Ha ha.
“You know all your charm is wasted on me.” He shakes his head.
“I know, it’s sad. You have no idea what to do with an insanely hot guy hitting on you.” Damon sits there completely unfazed. I guess he’s not quite as attached to me as I am to him or he’s very confident that tall, dark-haired and handsome Michael does nothing for me. I walk over to my housemate and give him a kiss on the cheek. He doesn’t deserve it, but the look on his face tells me he needs the affection.
“I asked Karl about Laura. He says she’s still missing.” His face falls further, something I didn’t see coming. I had no idea the two were friends. I barely knew her, but she gave Jim as much shit as I give him, so I thought we had a sort of sisterhood. “I can look into it if you like?” He shoots me a look like I just called him a stinking man bitch. Okay, no looking into it. Maybe I can sneak her employee file and find out where she lives at least. Yeah, I’ll do that. Karl leaves every night for about an hour, just after eight. I heard it was to go to AA meetings.
The college kids are run of the mill tonight, until the two Irish boys from house twenty-one ask to be seated in my section. “Going to Pure tonight? Because I wouldn’t mind one of those special dances you give.” The cuter jerk of the duo makes me sound like a stripper. 
They make the mistake of opening their menus, universal green light to ignore them. They shout their beer orders, but I could swear they were speaking to Jim. He is the bartender.
Come 8:15, I sneak back to Karl’s office. He does all his staff interviews and meetings in the front. There’s a running bet on what his Fortress of Solitude looks like. 
A wave of nervousness hits me as I try and fail to open the door. I rub my hands together in quiet glee. Some girls played Barbie and some played rule-breaking-overeager-cop. The lock picking books I ordered online and charged to my dad’s credit card added an authenticity to the role. Most of my contraband loot was from such thieving methods. Actually, many of my hard to find shirts I ordered online. eBay and me, we had a special relationship growing up. My dad has so much money; he never pays attention to his statements. 
The book says always keep a bobby pin or a kit of tools (an additional $19.95) on your person. I didn’t go for the sales pitch, but I made do. 
The small dark room is not what I’d expect of a nice person like Karl. Ornate crucifixes and graphic religious prints decorate the walls. And on his desk sits a big-ass bible. Holy crap, the man is a religious nut. The prints on the walls are marred with gore, snapshots of the Crusades or some such. Maybe that’s it; he’s a hardcore history buff. I’ve heard of people obsessing over one part of history. Their lives revolve around that particular era. I audited a few classes for less than a semester when I got back from my East Coast escapades. The teacher couldn’t get enough of Thomas Jefferson. The class was called American Politics, but it should have been “I want to fuck Thomas Jefferson.” 
Karl’s desk is full of McDonald’s wrappers, which doesn’t bode well for what he thinks of Raccoon’s food. Beer bottles line the wall, so if he’s in AA, is this his way of torturing himself? 
I go straight to the file cabinet. I don’t know Laura’s last name, so I finger through all the files. Mine is missing, which is weird. There it is, Laura Smith. Original. I have tables waiting and hopefully the Irish boys are pissed enough to take off. My eyes dart to the closed office door then back to the file.
Laura came here from back east, and my old stomping ground at that, if living in New York for seven months can count as a stomping ground, and I know it can’t. 
She worked at three of the places I did at the same time. I never saw her. All three restaurants I was a dishwasher, meaning I rarely looked up from my crap piles of dirty plates, bowls, and silverware. Worst job ever. 
She lists five different jobs, but Karl circled the three that correspond with me. I hear someone yelling my name. I quickly shove the file back and accidentally slam the drawer shut. Nothing like a little breaking and entering to get the heart pumping, or in my case, get the heart breaking through the chest wall and racing out of Karl’s office.
“Maggie, I’m going to kick your ass if you don’t pick up your drinks!” It’s just Jim. I run out and try to act as if I didn’t just commit a felony. Was that a felony, to look and not take? The stupid Irish boys are still here. 
I sidestep their table and quickly deliver drinks, flashing cleavage, plastering on a sad smile, or offering an I-don’t-care shrug depending on the anger level. “You are the worst waitress ever,” Jim says, giving me his two cents while I wait for a couple pale ambers. “Why did Karl hire you in the first place? You’re not even nice to look at.” I can’t help but laugh. Jim thinks I am so gross, while I have Michael, Damon, and the Irish assholes trying to get into my pants, not to mention Karl, the idiot for hiring such an ugly girl. 
“Jim, not all of us can be as pretty as you. Married or not, if I looked like you I would screw every little thing that walked in front of me too.” He double flips me off as he hands me my drinks. Talented, that one. 
Disregarding the whole B&E, it’s your average Tuesday night. Before I freaked and shoved the file back, I made sure to make note of Laura’s address. I’ll check it out in the morning. I would rather do it tonight, but that may be impossible with the three Pearl Estates boys at the bar watching me. 
“Why don’t you come and sit,” the older Leeds brother says as he pulls me down on his lap. He whispers at my neck, the closeness garbling his words until I can only make out cutting and screwing. His brother jumps into the action and grips my thigh.
“Just this one warning, let me go or get hurt.” As the idiots snicker, I see the Pearl Estates boys at the bar watching in the long mirror lining the back wall.
“You’re the one who’s going to hurt, but you’ll like the pain.” That’s it. I punch the brother whose lap I’m not on in the crotch. I have small girly hands, but they are sharp and bony and perfect for a crotch shot. Of course, I’ll have to sterilize my hand now. The brother holding me gives me a furious body squeeze. I slam my head back. The screaming throws me off his lap. 
“You’re going to pay for this! You had a chance to have some fun, but not anymore. We’re not going light on you now.” Okay, as far as threats go, that was kind of scary, but mostly vague. I like specific threats so I know what I’m working with. “Call me Frank one more time and I’m going to take my belt off and beat you for exactly twenty minutes.” I tested it and found out my dad tells the truth. 
The broken nose guy, who was the prettier of the two, but I don’t think that will be the case anymore, and the broken dick guy charge out. I feel like doing a little dance, after I wash my hands. I could go for a full shower.
“Maggie, get over here.” Karl is usually on my side when it comes to handsy customers. Right now, his twisted expression is aimed at me. “Take the rest of the night off. I can’t have a loose cannon on the floor.”
“What the hell, Karl? Loose cannon? If that was your sister in that punk’s lap being told all the things he wants to do to her, would you advise her to sit pretty and take it? Because if your stance is a passive one, then I quit right now.” He shakes his head with a look I just don’t understand. I used to get everyone. Right now, the only person who makes sense is Jim. He’s a straight up man whore who detests me. Every day he insults me and every day I expect it. Karl, Branden, and everyone else are throwing me curve balls.
“Go home for tonight in case they come back. Don’t quit. I back you.” Part of him wants to hug me and more, and part of him wants to bitch me out. I can see that. I take off before my mouth gets me fired. Raccoon’s isn’t the best job in the world, but for some reason it’s the right place at the right time. The boys are waiting for me outside, cheering me on.
“You’re one tough chick,” Michael says.
“You don’t know the half of it,” touts Branden. Damon’s eyes lock with mine, no rallying words or victorious smiles, just the burning intensity I feel in the form of highly caffeinated butterflies in my stomach. A rush of exhilaration has me ready to burst.
“What’s so funny?” Branden asks when my lust-borne high turns into laughter. Damon turns me into a giddy girl and this one time I’m going with it.
“Let’s go back to my house and play games,” I say in an out-of-character peppy voice. The guys high five each other. I almost repeat my request in case they somehow heard, “Let’s go have an orgy.” 
Branden takes my keys and drives us home. “What about your car?” They share a conspiratorial smile. I break from the cheerful mood long enough to glare at each of them. 
At the house, my stranger everyday housemate holds the front door open for me, perfectly playing the role of professional doorman. When no one follows, I look back to see if they’re playing a game with me. “What are you waiting for? In or out, people. I’m hungry.” I run up the stairs while they have some strange happy guy moment.
“May I see your room?” Damon whispers in my ear halfway to the top floor. I usher him the rest of the way. Nerves turn my mouth and throat into a sandpit. No person other than Branden has been in my room. Calling it my hideaway doesn’t quite say it all. Along the walls, I have studies of my favorite artists’ work, along with several of my own pieces. 
My hands jerk at the sight of my self-portrait. I want to throw a blanket over it. Too late. Damon’s eyes lock on the two images. One is a nearly broken me standing in front of the mirror. I had just settled in New York in the tiniest apartment ever with Branden covering my half of the rent that first month. My reflection shows a triumphant me who earned a GED, paid the bills, and bought a pretty necklace. 
Damon slowly spins in a circle, taking everything in as if surrounded by an IMAX style diary. Long fingers reverently run down the self-portrait. “When was this?” he whispers.
“Damon, let’s not do the whole sad past thing.” He nods and moves on to a Rembrandt study of a young woman scantily dressed standing in a pool of water. I love that one. It’s sexy and intimate and still innocent. Without any warning, he pulls me into a kiss. I waste no time, and reach under his soft cotton tee to run my fingers over his chest. We make a funny moan/breathing sound at the same time. I think I’m actually smiling mid-kiss.
“Excuse me. You’re not really going to ditch us, are you?” I break away to see Michael standing in my doorway. I shove the pushy guest into the hallway. 
“Stay out of my room, Michael.” He smiles the way a five-year-old does, any attention is good attention. “Bran, get the games out! I’m taking a shower.”
Fifteen minutes later, I run downstairs in a fitted black tank with a built-in bra, pajama pants with little pink pigs all over, and my hair in a wet bun. I rub my hands together. “Okay, who’s ready to cry like a little girl all the way home?” They laugh. 
“Girls like to pretty it up when they have such hot male company. Did it occur to you to slip on a nighty? You are something different.”
“Just noticing that now, Michael? Maybe that’s why none of your moves are working on me?” I crack up as if joking around with friends is the most natural thing to do. What a difference a few Shadows make. I sneak a look at Branden, not ready to admit he was right about giving the Shadows a chance. Not Leon though, whatever he and my dad did together was bad.
We start with the board game, Sorry. I kill and behave like the worst winner. I even do a victory dance. They foolishly choose Uno after that, the best card game of all time! I kill at those games too. I take a break to make a grilled ham and cheese. I offer, but no one else wants any. Then to top it off I have a bowl of Cocoa Krispies. 
“Is this how you eat?” asks Damon, who supposedly cooks.
“Yes, what of it?” He laughs and kisses me with my mouth full of cereal. “Gross,” I whine and mean it. He licks his lips. Michael leans in, threatening to do the same thing. I shout out, spitting a mouth full of food all over the place, which only makes all of us practically burst. In the middle of more play than I could imagine partaking in, my mind jumps into a daydream.
Branden sweeps me up in his arms. “I love you, Maggie.” He nuzzles his face in the crook of my neck and shoulder.
“I love you, Branden.” As he spins me around, I let out a full body sigh and close my eyes.
“My turn.” Michael steps in and spins me around. He doesn’t profess his love, but he doesn’t say anything sleazy either. Damon finishes off the moment, but adds soft kisses to my cheeks, lips, and neck. 
My hands don’t even curl into fists to punch the fantasy out of my head.
The rest of the night follows my winning streak and poor sportsmanship, until I can barely hold my eyes open. My sweet guy carries me up to bed. 
“What did you call me?” Damon asks, his eyes fine slits in a show of actual happiness.
“Huh?” All I can say. I’m too tired for anything more.
“I’m your sweet guy?”
“Fuck.” With a small kiss with just a little bit of tongue, Damon tucks me in and I fall right to sleep. That’s what happens when you drive three hours in the middle of the night to meet with a self-damned recluse, and then three hours back, garden for the first time ever, and finally work a slightly abbreviated shift. Oh, not to mention the B&E. I’ll hit Laura’s house first thing before heading to Luke’s. 
I don’t dream tonight and no basement nightmares. All night it feels like Damon is next to me, even though I know he’s not.


Nine
I am awake and cheery just as pinpoints of light find weak spots in the heavy curtains. Sunrise in my room is a mini-light show. Forgoing my daily cleaning ritual, I dress and watch Justice League cartoons while eating Lucky Charms before hitting the unauthorized investigation of a missing waitress.
Laura lives on the other side of Minerva, almost in the boondocks. You could call Minerva a city, but don’t expect anything close to skyscrapers. We have boxy concrete office buildings, old churches, and a hospital with expensive fountains all around it. The big draw is the triangle of colleges. The schools bring a certain element to Minerva, one that sings of youth and energy. The old people who live here are weathered and wise like Doris. They have a settler’s vibe.
I forgot about the adrenalin rush of moving from the computer screen or a voice on the phone to field work. I turn the music down, grip the wheel with both hands, and grin ear to ear. Hot summer wind through the open car windows carries the smell of heat, diesel, and earth. This is the best!
My head snaps back to reality at the crackling sound of my car tires rolling over the rock drive, and just as quickly I’m grinning again at the sight of Laura’s hidden away cottage. It’s straight out of the mind of Mary Engelbreit.
She has an unobstructed view of thousands of pine trees that run for miles until you see bright white shiny mountain peaks. This is the million-dollar view. The door isn’t locked, jolting the hair on my arms to stand on end. Shit. I am just a girl who had a hard life, who lives in a strange neighborhood, who treats the boy she likes like he’s catnip. I’m not a cop. Speaking of cops, I notice the lack of yellow police tape around Laura’s house. Karl said she was missing. I figured that meant an investigation occurred. 
One step inside reveals Laura to be a quirky kind of gal. A surprisingly pleasant yellow with silver flourishes cover the walls, the pattern too repetitive to be a fancy paint job. Thick dark brown carpet and geometric white and silver light fixtures hang from the ceiling. I really hope she’s just off being irresponsible, because I think I would like to be her friend. 
At first glance, the house appears to be in order, but then I notice little things. The magazines are stacked haphazardly, sections folded every which way. The knickknacks are bunched together in a pile next to the magazines. Her couch cushions are all backwards with the zippers showing. I walk further into the house. There’s a sweet smell in the stale air. Another whiff makes me lightheaded. It almost smells like frozen strawberries. Maybe Laura is just passed out after a day’s long froo froo drink bender.
The kitchen is spotless. No dishes in the sink. The drainer is full of empty thermoses. The stove top looks like it’s never been used, no crumbs or evidence of a pot ever overflowing. I open the fridge. It smells brand new. The shelves are free of expired yogurt and molding impulse buys. The freezer has empty ice trays and nothing else, not even a bottle of vodka rolling around for the alcoholic in the house. My bender idea seems unlikely.
I move to a spare bedroom. I walk past the twin bed to the dresser next to a window with the curtains drawn back. The drawers reveal men’s clothes, shirts, sweats, bundled socks, boxers. 
The bathroom has a towel hanging over the curtain rod and makeup strewn about in a messy fashion. In fact, this is the messiest room in the whole place, untidy, not dirty. The surfaces sparkle. The toilet seat is up. Would the cops use the toilet? I think that’s against the rules. Maybe Laura’s guest used it. 
Her bedroom resembles the bathroom. Clothes are all over the floor, but in piles. She’s one of those people who never hang up a damn thing. I want to take a break from snooping to clean.
The bed is unmade with her pink nightgown crumpled on her pillow. That kind of rules out taking off. When girls go out of town, for some reason they don’t leave their nightgowns where anyone can see them; they’re kind of like our panties. I run a hand over the dresser where she keeps all her pretty jewelry. Everything shimmers and none of it looks fake. That rules out a home invasion robbery. There’s not much dust coating the surfaces. I run back to the guest room and see the dust still floating in the air. I pat the bed and a poof of it explodes. I add the toilet seat being up to the list of things that do not quite fit.
Laura has a basement, but I nearly throw up reaching for the doorknob. That’s my cue. I spooked myself out just trying to talk myself into going down there. I run out of the empty cottage and back to my car. 
It takes a good fifteen minutes until I’m sure I’m not going to hurl. I spend the rest of the drive trying to figure out what’s wrong with Laura’s house. It’s all mismatched. The living room has been hastily tidied, and not by her. She doesn’t pick up after herself like that. I think she was taken right from her home. The front door didn’t look busted. When I considered going down into the basement and panic first set in, I ran for the back door, ran into more like. It was locked with a deadbolt. So she was either surprised or the attack (if there was an attack) was by someone she knew. It’s usually someone you know. All the violence I’ve experienced has been by someone I’m familiar with or related to. 
I have nothing to give Branden. I need to get another look at Laura’s file. Why did Karl circle the jobs she and I had together? I slam on the brakes by accident. A single realization hits me hard enough I cough to pull more air into my lungs. If Branden knows her now, he must have known her back then. It’s too much of a coincidence. He followed jobs with me, but he was never stuck as a dishwasher. He knew her and never made the customary best friend introductions.
I get to Luke’s close to an hour early, but Laura’s empty house spooked me enough a good dose of the little family will do me good. “Wow, what a surprise.” Luke greets me with an easy smile. Andy spares me a glance from his spot in front of the TV before returning his attention to the Power Rangers. There’s no full body bounce or skittering eyes, just a hollow, tired expression.
“Maggie, you’re white as a ghost. Are you okay?” I nod, thinking I could really use food, Mountain Dew, and running around with the kid. “Have a muffin,” Luke says as he tosses it to me. Anyone willing to throw food around his kitchen has my vote.
I take a seat at the table and watch as he makes Andy’s lunch for the day. “I’ve been thinking about those artists you mentioned the other night. Why did you name those specific ones? Most people think of Picasso and Van Gogh.” 
“You were telling me about the big final for your students, the self-portraits. That made me think of Rembrandt. How he painted so many self-portraits and each one so different is beyond me.”
“Have you done a self portrait?” I focus on my banana nut muffin. “I’d love to see it.”
“Not gonna happen.”
“Why create if you don’t share it with anyone?” 
“To get it out of you. That’s one reason, a way of talking out what happened to you without having anyone looking at you with pity. The other reason is the connection thing. You know?”
“No, I don’t know.” He just finished putting chicken and rice in a container and a sliced apple in another one.
“There’s that space in time when you break out the art supplies and you feel nervous like you don’t know what you’re doing, why you’re even trying, but you press on. You hold the pencil, and still you doubt yourself. Then you reach for that section of the brain that sees the world differently, that sees the fine detail, without losing sight of the whole picture, that part that can take control of your arm, wrist, and then your hand. Your fingers feel like you are being driven to create something. That’s the other reason.” 
“You should be in school, Maggie.”
“I’m working on stuff right now, and if I find what I’m looking for, I might be able to without the baggage I’m carrying.”
“You’re the oddest young woman I’ve ever met. Now tell me why you chose Chagall.”
“When I look at his paintings, I feel like I’ve never seen color before in my life until that moment. It’s brilliant and lovely and for a brief instance, I’m a little kid on Christmas day, whatever that’s supposed to be like. And then the paintings about love make me feel like I’m not supposed to be looking; it’s so private and pretty.” 
“I wish I had you in my class. I think you would be the cure to teacher’s burn out.” 
“Maybe the fall term.” He gives me a big smile, showing off how cute he is. “Luke, what’s up with Andy?” His face falls fast and hard.
“He’s tired. We’re both tired. He couldn’t sleep last night and I don’t know why.” I go to Andy’s room. Inside, I close the door and climb into his simple twin bed. I see it right away, one of his nightlights is burned out. 
“Nightlight is out. You have a spare bulb?” He gapes at me. “I have trouble sleeping. This is one area he and I are a lot alike.” Luke gives me the small bulb and follows me to the bedroom.
 “So what’s keeping you from being a typical . . . how old are you?”
“Nineteen.”
“Okay, a typical nineteen-year-old?”
“Luke, don’t waste your time. You already got me interested in school when you talked about your course. You could ask me questions like, how are we going to gut this place in one day?” He opens his mouth to laugh or possibly insult me when the front door opens with a creek.
“Hello?” a pretty voice sings through the house. Luke runs out of the room with a pep in his step. “Oh hi, I just stopped by because you said he had a rough night.” She has to be Andy’s mom. The little cherub boy looks just like her, big eyes and soft wispy blond hair. She’s petite like Andy, with an angelic face. She looks at her husband with soft eyes, and I see the love there. It’s not entirely innocent love, either. He looks at her the same way. What the hell are these two doing being apart from each other?
“What the hell are you two doing apart from each other?” She laughs. I think she meant to be shocked, same with Luke. 
“You must be Maggie, I’m Holly. Luke said you speak your mind.” 
“Well, you two obviously lack that fine skill. Any ex-wife who walks right into her ex-husband’s house without the intention of hiding a dead fish and with that look in her eyes needs to find her ring again and put it back on. I don’t understand people sometimes.” 
“When you get older you’ll find some things are too hard to get over.” I move to the table, my mind working at shutting out the instant memories of painful hits and mean words. With a quick headshake, I get back on track.
“Is this about Andy? He’s all about a formula you just have to figure out. There is one, maybe one for every little thing, but still. I would get it if life were so hard you two started hating each other, but that’s not the case. He’s healthy, confusing and scary maybe, but he’s healthy. You two need to go on a date or just screw. Try it out again.”
“Yeah, you speak your mind.” 
“Tell you what, you pick a night. I’ll clear it with my job and babysit. Look at you two, not only are you in love with each other, but you’re both smoking hot, wet dream hot. It’s not right that you aren’t hooking up.” 
“Okay Maggie, you made your point. We’ll go on a date and have sex.” We all laugh at Luke, including Luke. He goes to his room to get ready for work, prompting Holly to come over and sit next to me.
“I saw you wince when I made the comment about being too young to know hard stuff. Sorry about that. I’m guessing that maybe I am too young to know the hardships you’ve lived through. I work with at risk kids and a lot of them have the look I see in your eyes, the ready to fight or bolt or both at a moment’s notice.” I hate sympathy. It does this thing, the heart strings thing and I always cry. Shit. “Just so you know you’re shutting down right now.” 
I hop up and join Andy in front of the TV. I don’t look back when Holly and Luke take off. She’s worse than a shrink. She has real caring in her voice. I hate that. 
Andy stays mellow with a brief second wind two hours in where we play chase for about thirty minutes. I run my fingers through his hair, watching the slow rise and fall of his chest. The whispers of his breath float over me, a soft blanket of sleepiness I can’t fight. My basement nightmares find me.
“Are you sure she’s tailing the girl?”
“She’s followed her last three jobs, and she’s keeping out of sight of the girl. She has to be one of them.”
“Don’t do anything. We’ll keep an eye on her. What’s her name?”
“Laura Smith.”
“Maggie, wake up.” Gentle shoulder nudges wake me. I fly to my feet at the unfamiliar sight, not unfamiliar, I know Luke. I know his crappy looking living room.
“I fell asleep. You don’t have to pay me for today if you don’t want to.” I turn around to wipe the tears from my face.
“I remember rocking him to sleep when he was a baby. I always nodded off too. So, Holly and I were thinking tomorrow night. Is that enough notice?” That is so cute.
“I’ll make it enough notice. Awesome. I hate stupid lovers.” He laughs.
“You can’t help yourself, can you? What about you? There must be a wake of boyfriends in your path.”
“I’ve never had a boyfriend. I mean there is someone right now, but we haven’t graduated to labels yet. It’s still brand new.”
“Holly took you for a man killer.” I choke on my spit.
“I love my best friend and he loves me.” That’s all I’ve ever known on the subject. I look back at Andy who may have his obstacles, but a safe feeling that only love can bring is not one of them. 
“I brought you something.” He rifles through his briefcase, pulls out a book, and hands it to me. “A thank you for what you’ve you done for us.” The way he says us, I know he’s including Holly.
Chagall. “Fast work.” Luke keeps his features passive, all but his eyes. Those are shining bright. I look down at his feet because I can tell the man wants to jump around. He just gave me a killer present and he knows it. “You’re gloating.” I wave at his wiggling toes I can see through his professor-type loafers. 
“Holly told me to dial it down when I gave you the book, something about not spooking a wild horse.” I feel the biting comments on the tip of my tongue, but my fingers grip the wonderful gift. 
I hurry to my backpack, which I didn’t realize I brought in until just now. “What time tomorrow?” I know my voice gives me away.
“How’s 6:30 sound?” I nod and head for the door. “You’re safe here.” I fumble to get out of the house. I am not someone who gets all sentimental. I’m unpleasant with a foul mouth and a bad attitude and no mute button. I drive straight to work. 
Wednesday is Lesbian night, not officially, but somewhere there must be a flier up that says, “If you’re a gay chick and want to hang out over pizza, burgers, and booze, be at Raccoon Pete’s Wednesday nights.” It’s an awesome tip night. 
“Jeans and a T-shirt, so you’re not going to slutville tonight, Maggie?” I forgot to bring a change of clothes in my rush to break into the house of a missing girl who what? Who has a connection to my grandfather. Whoever is “in place” must have something to do with all of this. I cannot imagine any associate of that dead bastard being a good person. If my grandfather is any indication, a dank basement is the ideal location to keep a kidnapped girl. So now, I just need suspects and their houses. Sure, no problem.
“Hey,” Jim snaps his fingers. “Dressed like shit and daydreaming on the job.”
“Jim, I’ll save slutville for you and the twits you screw left and right.” I earn a few beer raises for that one. That’s the thing about gay girl night, it’s all about solidarity. Jim doesn’t stand a chance Wednesdays. Branden finds me in the back while I’m getting ready for my shift.
“You’re getting into something. I can tell. You didn’t leave a note again.”
“Wednesday. I told you I babysit and you’re not going to believe it, but Luke and Holly are going on a date tomorrow night. They belong together.” He leans in and gives me a small kiss on the lips. 
“You’re the most infuriating girl ever. Just promise when you get in over your head, you’ll run first and call me second.”
“Deal.” Branden playfully introduces me to a couple girls he says I should give a try. I think he’s officially given up on the lesbian angle.
Karl pulls a beer for himself and walks back to his office. Either he’s fallen off the wagon or his mystery departure every night is not for an AA meeting. I need to talk about my schedule, so I follow him.
“I can’t work tomorrow night.” He leans against the door and gives me a lazy smile, one I know too well, he’s drunk.
“You can’t, huh? Got a hot date with someone who’s not me?” Uh-oh. “Yeah, fine.” He waves me off, unlocks the door, and slides into his office. He turns back to give me a head to toe scan. “Want to come in here?” I take a step back. “No?” Before I can say anything, he slams the door shut and locks it. Sweet Karl has layers; some of them are dark and scary. 
Not a single patron grabs my ass. I garner a few girls’ numbers, but they hit on me in a much cooler way, some of it is suggestive, especially the way they look at me. Damon and Michael look at me like that, but a few of the women here make me feel like they’re peeling off my clothes with their teeth. Jim flips me off a handful of times and earns a few in return and not all from me. Go girls. 
When Karl takes off, I go back to look at Laura’s file. I repeat the same steps as last night. I scan the three pages until a name under references pops out at me, Leon’s. My grandfather did something to bring my dad and Leon together and it wasn’t kidnapping me. Something before that. I have to look into the old man. I wonder for a second if my mom can help me. She’s delusional, so I can’t trust what she says. 
The door rattles. A shot of fear laced with more fear rushes through me. My hands stuff the folder back even as I talk myself down from running out screaming. Private investigators never do that. 
Karl opens the door and freezes when he sees me standing in his office. Best case scenario, I get fired. His initial shock gone or buried, he casually steps inside and closes the door. With a huff of breath, I throw myself into a pissed off woman stance, hands on hips, foot tapping ready to kick balls if needed, raised chin.
“Locked door and pretty girl on the wrong side of it, Maggie.” My attitude falters, but I keep up the tapping to hide how upsetting it is to be on the far side of the only escape route. Compared to me, Karl is a wall.
I keep my mouth shut. That’s the best tactic here. “I bet if I ask what you’re doing in here, you won’t tell me.” He takes a looming step toward me. “I can tell you’re scared right now. Your cheeks are hot. You’re afraid of me?” Is that a real question, because I want to keep up the no talking plan? Words, I remember talking to my grandfather minutes before the basement nightmare became my reality. Words can free you, but they can kill you too.
I peel my gaze off the door to find him close enough to feel the heat off his body and smell the beer on his breath. He leans in like he’s going to kiss me and I move back. “Later then. Go on. You have drinks at the bar.” He waves me off and steps back to give me room to escape. 
When did he go from nice boss to creepy boss? I hurry out and finish my shift with a knot in my stomach. I almost want to hug Jim for being the predictable asshole. Damon shows up as I’m about to leave. In my mind, I run over and throw my arms around him. In reality, I bump my shoulder into his.
“Maim any customers tonight?” he asks lightly. 
“Lesbian night.” He chuckles.
“Did the asshole behind the bar survive?” 
“Barely.”
“Later, Maggie.” I glance back at Karl, my eyes taking in his prowling beast presence. I want to run, but would that inspire him to give chase? I have to quit. Something tells me Karl is up to no good. Not just something, my history with bad men tells me Karl has gone down a path. What changes a man cold from being kind to menacing? Karl’s two words crawl over my skin all the way to the car. Later, Maggie.
“That’s a faraway look. What are you thinking about?”
“Spike from Tom and Jerry.”
“Uh, what?”
“Was he mostly a mean dog and sometimes nice to Jerry, or did Tom just bring out his killer instinct?” Maybe I brought out the mean dog in people.
“I’m not sure what’s happening here. Are you . . . are you talking about a cartoon?”
“So Branden hasn’t told you everything about me. I’m wondering what catalyst is big enough to turn a nice person mean almost overnight.” Another perspective couldn’t hurt. Damon waves for the keys to drive. I wave at my ear to let him know he’s doing the lazy non-talking thing again, but toss him the keys anyway. 
“Who went from nice to mean?” I stare out the passenger window into the black night instead of answering. “Well, stress I guess, a lot of stress.” I don’t think so. When I keep quiet, he reaches over and holds my hand. I rest my head back and close my eyes. His touch is just right. I wish I had a real mom to talk to about all these feelings and flutters. Or a girlfriend and Branden doesn’t count, not when it comes to Damon.
“Shit.” That’s my response to seeing the Escalade in my driveway. I drag myself out of the car, nearly falling on my ass when I see my mom climb out of the driver’s side. 



Ten
“Marguerite Lane Beeker. You little bitch.” I’m in shock at the name-calling and at the vibrating sound of her voice. Lynn Beeker, not the best mother of all time, is smaller than me in every way. Not just her frame, but who she is, her character. 
I force myself not to laugh when she stomps toward me looking every bit a five-year-old about to throw a tantrum. She grabs my arms and starts shaking me. 
“What are you doing?” I ask, no longer on the verge of cracking up.
“Who do you think you are breaking a sweet boy’s nose and punching the other one in his privates?” The Irish idiots? “Jake will never look the same.”
“Mom, let go of me. I had every right to hit those guys.” I stumble back when her hands fall away, but quickly find my footing. Just as I square my shoulders to tell her off, she wrenches my arm with an iron grip and punches me with her stupid ring. My eyes water at the blasting pain in my cheek. Damon moves in with his arms relaxed at his sides and yet the smooth intervention spikes my fear until I can’t breathe. 
“Don’t you come near me!” My banshee mother must have had the same reaction. Her shriek lingers like the scent of old lady perfume as she digs her nails into my arm. “Those are good boys you struck down with your slutty evil ways.” She’s lost her damn mind.
“Lynn,” not mom right now, “get your crazy ass hands off me.” She doesn’t. I reach over to the hand trying to tear through flesh and bone and pry her fingers away one at a time. 
“Lynn, I’m not a little girl anymore, and I’m thinking I’ve become dangerous when someone hits me. So, before I break you the way I did your innocent Jake, remove your hand.” She doesn’t. I snap one of her fingers. 
Her scream pushes images of her father to the forefront of my mind. Before the attack when he only existed in old photographs. At the door when he invited me in with a strange smile. In front of the basement door when he knocked me out with a single punch. The man left his mark beyond the scars.
“Do you know who taught me that?” I glare at her, temporarily shoving down the guilt. She cradles her hand and seethes. “I learned that move from your dead dad.” If a person could explode from anger, she would have. I want to tell her how her dad died. I hate her that much. I hate that I wasn’t a bad kid. I was good, and all I ever wanted was kindness and nice touches. 
A scary smile forces me to blink. “Thank you.” She turns around, climbs back into her oversized vehicle, and speeds away. Damon moves in, staring at me with an expression I’ve never seen. His eyes are all over the place. He’s probably scared of me.
“Let’s get you to the clinic. You’re bleeding.” He leans down and kisses me. I flinch at the contact. “Sorry.” He takes a step away from me and turns back. “Come on. You give Doc a reason to go to work.” I’m fresh out of attitude or I’d insult him for being so chipper. “You’re glaring at me again.” We walk so close our knuckles brush against each other. I want to hold his hand and not let go. My fingers stretch wide just as he reaches up and opens the clinic door.
“Maggie, do you simply offer yourself up as a punching bag?” My right hand starts to flip off the good doctor, but I shake my head at the idea. I end up at the clinic too often to burn bridges.
“No, she doesn’t. She’s fierce.” Damon’s words sound like praise, but how can that be after what he saw?
“A couple butterfly stitches will suffice.” Doc treats the small cut on my cheek with the same care he treated my arm. “Would you like to go ahead with your donation?” 
“But Branden isn’t here.” Damon steps forward and holds my hand, offering warmth and I think friendship. “Okay.” Before taking my blood, Doc removes the stitches from my spill in the pool house. Then he goes about the blood drive portion of the visit.
He always serves me extra cold OJ and sugar cookies afterward. “You know the drill; settle here for a bit, and then you may be on your merry way.” He leaves the room. Damon leans over and kisses me, this time with such tender affection. Then he kisses me all over my face. How he can be this way with me after he saw how I treated my own mother? A wave of pain runs through me, the anger and hate I have for her, the desire to harm her with words and hands. I cry out. He picks me up and cradles me in his arms.
“I shouldn’t have done it,” I say over and over. Damon waits it out. I nearly ask if he’s dated many nutcases because he’s a pro. 
We walk back to my house once I reach the sniffles stage. Without asking, he escorts me up to my room, gives me a gentle push toward my closet, and leans against the door I never noticed he closed. This boy sure does enjoy his nonverbal communication. 
My stomach does a series of flips as I sift through my drawer for a nightshirt. Colors and degrees of softness storm my mind until I can’t take it anymore. I hear a chuckle behind me when I whip a green bundle of fabric clear of my dresser and end up throwing it at Damon’s feet. He tosses it back. 
I’m so nervous now, boldness is my only option. I watch him watch me in a strange no touching intimacy. The flash of bravado wears off the second I’m dressed for bed and realize I just changed in front of him. I tug on the bottom hem of my favorite shirt (they’re all my favorite), signaling him to leave his door guarding post. He steals my nervous hands away and guides me to my bed. Like last time, he leans in for a heartbreakingly sweet goodnight kiss. I fall asleep only to be greeted by my stalking past. 
“He named her after the dead vampire. Can you believe it? He named the whole damn place after her. Makes you think those things can love. It took us three weeks to kill it. She hasn’t begged for her life once. She has to be a bloodsucker.” I can’t remember if this was one of those conversations my grandfather had with himself or if someone other than me was there with him. The phone rings. My grandfather answers as if kidnapped girls whimpering in the background is no big deal.
“Lynn, no, I don’t think she told anyone I’m alive. She went on a one-leech crusade to find me . . . No, they have no idea . . . Girl, listen to me. Calm down. She won’t be coming back . . . No, I haven’t tried that . . . That’s my girl.”
“Sh, sh, sh, it’s me, Branden.” 
“She’s terrible.” I can barely breathe. My mom knew what was happening to me. Was she encouraging her crazy father to torture and kill me? And who is my namesake? 
“You’re in your bed. It’s okay.” I look up at Branden. He leans in and kisses me. Different from Damon, but it’s still nice. “I’d say I’ll make your mom pay, but I hear you kicked ass.” 
“Am I just like him?”
“Don’t ever think like that. I know you like this to be top secret, but you have the biggest heart of anyone I’ve ever met.” He gives me another kiss. “You did a good job.” Under the covers, he pulls me close, doing that thing he’s always done, giving me love just the right way. We stay there like that for a while, both of us quiet and still.
“Where did you get the art book?” He’s sly. I will give him that. Branden just admitted to going through my backpack and I’m too busy soaking in his love to call him out on it. 
“Luke, and maybe Holly. It’s all about my favorite artist.” He climbs out, gets the book, and brings it back to bed. “Show me what you like.” We spend the next while flipping through the pages. I point out the blazing colors and the intimate love pictures that sing to me. I finally fall back to sleep with the book on my chest and the best friend at my side. Poems are probably written about this kind of moment. 
The next day, I do my therapeutic cleaning. I listen to Bob Marley, hoping some of that stoner vibe will rub off on me. I decide to check on Doris one last time before she leaves for good. She’s back in the garden when I walk over. 
“Oh dear, I hope he looks worse than you. You know my stance on hitting.” 
“Not my dad this time. My mom went nuts last night.” 
“That’s worse. Don’t worry, dear, she’ll get hers.” I somehow doubt that. 
“Are you still leaving?” She nods and continues to pull weeds. “Is it just because my dad is a hitter?” She looks up at me with her sweet gray eyes.
“There’s no just about it. And yes, it’s a good enough reason. This place is different. The people for the most part are good. They’re odd, but good. Except that bitch down the street. She sits on her stoop and hates the world, and not those boys who play that street basketball. I saw one of them with a bruised up face. He walked by my granddaughter last month and said something lewd to her. She’s fifteen.” 
“I wish they were moving and not you.” She smiles. 
“You take care of yourself. Give an old lady a hug.” I walk into open arms that tell tales of a long life and big love, maybe not for her dead husband. She reaches into her pocket and slips me a Jolly Rancher. I howl. What a kicker. Watermelon too, my favorite. 
“You got that going for you, dear. I bet the gods dance when you laugh.” I give her a kiss and take off before she makes me pull weeds. When I get home, I realize I can go swimming. I haven’t been since Mr. Bellow gave me a pass and Branden startled me into bloody clumsiness. I had all the locks changed and even put in an alarm system. 
Thirty minutes later, I’m still sitting on the top step of my small front porch dressed in my suit and a towel trying to talk myself out of being afraid when Michael walks over. “Heard the other guy looks worse.” I shrug. I know I look defeated. I can’t get myself off these steps and nothing bad happened with Mr. Bellow. He snuck in with his own key. Maybe his plans were as innocuous as yelling at me. “If you’re working on a tan you’re in the wrong neighborhood. I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but there are trees everywhere.”
“I can’t do it. I’ve been trying to talk myself into the pool house, but I haven’t been since Mr. Bellow confronted me. Now with the Irish idiots pissed, and my mom telling me I’ll get mine, and Karl telling me later, I’m just freaked.” I didn’t mean to say all that; it just came out in one long breath.
“I don’t know what all you said there, but I can go swimming with you. I won’t even show you why you should have picked me. I’ll just keep you company.” I close my eyes and nod. I know this is a turning point in my life. I trust a Shadow more than my mother, more than a couple college kids, and more than Karl. 
“I’ll wait while you get your suit.” He shakes his head and offers his hand for me. I reach out and take it.
“I’m not swimming, just watching. I’ll be good.” 
I swim laps for half an hour, and then hit the hot tub. Michael sits across from me, leaning over his crossed legs to run his hand through the water. We don’t talk, but that feels right. He walks me to my door and pulls me into a hug. It’s weird. He’s like my friend now. 
I lounge for a while after my shower and bowl of pasta. I decide to look into the background on my name. I’m thinking Frank named me after someone my grandfather tortured to death. Before I can start, Branden wakes up. My obsession will only piss him off, so I put the computer away and hang out with him until it’s time to bounce around with Andy. 
“Maggie, what happened to you?” Holly answered the door, which is such a good sign for her and Luke. “When I spoke to you yesterday, I thought the abuse you went through was over, but you’re still in it. You need to come see me at my office.” I wave her off and walk in. Andy is bouncing all over the place. Luke looks almost as wild-eyed as his kid does.
“You two have a great time on your date. I got this.” Luke looks at me for the first time. 
“That guy you talked about yesterday didn’t do that, did he?”
“No.”
“So what happened then?”
“Don’t you have dinner plans?”
“I left the text book for my class on the table for you. Think of it as auditing the course.” I run over to it without thinking. I would have preferred to play it cool. 
“Have fun, kids,” I say as they close the door. I put the text down to save for later. Andy needs to run. I wear him down and get him in bed a couple hours later. I read and reread chapters in Luke’s book until I fall asleep. My birth dreams used to be a fuzzy replay of my purple body coming back to life. Now they’re just as awful as the nightmares.
“Frank, did you get the name right?”
“Yes, just as they said. Did they tell you why? What do they want with her anyway?” 
“Don’t think about it. She’s theirs now.” 
I wake up out of breath. To stay awake, I put in Andy’s Avengers DVD and watch it until Holly and Luke stumble in reeking of lust and wanting. That’s my cue. By their tussled hair and clothes, they’ve been at it at least once. I clear my things and head home. I leave the textbook there. I can’t deal with bizarre Branden making assumptions the way he did with the fake acceptance letter to NYU. 
I arrive to a quiet, but not empty home. On the way to my room, I see a glow under Branden’s door. He’s in there with one of his conquests. Not unusual. Suddenly exhausted, I head straight to bed. Forty-two minutes and half a melodious playlist later, sleep continues to elude me. A distant moan from the other room caps the night beautifully. I kick the covers off and race downstairs. Cartoons are needed. 
Downstairs, I hear bass from a party. Just great. I change into a black tank with a built-in bra, shorts, and my flip-flops, and head outside on a mission to find the annoying noisemakers. 
The cooler night air smells of grass and earth. It’s the time of day when I feel like we don’t really belong here. This land was meant for buffalo and wild horses, not humans and their sprawling houses. 
If the party had just gone with different music, I would be on my couch eating Cocoa Krispies and watching the Simpsons on late night TV in hopes of eventually falling asleep.
I look over to Damon’s. All is quiet at house number two. I head over to notorious, flirty Eight.
The party at Leon’s is insane. I knock, but it’s pointless. College kids come stumbling out drunk. The music is the nauseating kind, slow with low, deep beats that reach under my skin and rattle my bones. The door is open, so I walk in. It’s a party; I’m not technically breaking the law. Right? Doesn’t seem like that matters to me these days. 
The house is ice-cold compared to the natural July night air. The lights are on dim, but the room is illuminated enough to see several couples doing the swaying kind of dance and another in full make out mode on the couch. I don’t mean to stare, but something in the girl’s face as her neck is kissed holds me captivated. She’s clearly lost in ecstasy and moaning up a storm, but her arms are limp by her side. 
The man on top of her turns to look at me. I jump at the jarring scream ripping through my throat. Her neck is torn up, gnawed on, and his lips are bloody. His teeth are . . . pointy. He has actual fangs. I slowly walk backwards, away from the biting man when I hit a wall. I turn around and the wall is Leon. I don’t think I’m happy to see him.
“Thank you for dropping by.” He turns me around and guides me further into the house. Between the cold temperature and deep-rooted fear filling my senses, I have massive goose bumps. We walk past the dancing couples who are not dancing at all. They’re biting too!
Leon opens a room to a real life porno scene. A naked woman is riding a man and there’s a third, a woman under the covers. She pops her head out with a trail of blood running down her chin. My eyes bulge. “Not this room,” Leon says with a playful voice. 
He pushes me toward the next room. I’m ready to put on a show of indifference. I have my chin raised and everything when the door opens to a much more subdued scene. The couple on the bed hasn’t even stripped out of their clothes yet. “Oh, sorry to disturb you, Damon.” Indifference is out the window with my gasp. Damon jumps to his feet when he sees me. I just met him. There’s no reason for there to be an expectation of loyalty. My mind is very clear on that. My stupid heart is exploding in grief.
“Maggie,” he says with alarm in his voice, not shame, not that. “Leon, what the hell are you doing?” 
“I’m giving her a tour. I can’t help it if she walks right in. This is her house after all.” I shake my head.
“No, you have it wrong. These are my dad’s houses. I came to tell you to keep the music down and I guess the fatalities.” I’m not trying to be funny, but I’m freaked. They don’t even dress Goth. I thought cult people look alike and go for the whole extra white skin and dark hair with spiky dog collars look.
“This is going to be fun. She’s a hoot.” Leon guides me out of Damon’s biting/seduction room and pushes me down the hall. Damon follows. The last room is empty, but most unwelcoming.
“Leon, if this is what you guys are into, it’s none of my business, but you should know that just as there are people who think they’re real life bloodsuckers, there are those who consider it their job to be slayers. They’re more dangerous than the freaky blood games you play here. They’ll do terrible things to you if they believe for a split second you could be real. They’re out of their minds. Be careful who you invite to your parties.” He tilts his head in a confused pup way. 
“Real life vampire slayers coming here?” Leon says, almost mocking me. It’s annoying, especially since I’m not the one playing make-believe. I don’t even believe in God, much less the walking dead or real life slayers. “I think we can handle them.” 
“Fine, but I warned you. After all, they don’t break out the stakes until what . . . I guess they save for the sixth day. I was rescued on the fifth.” Leon visibly expands a couple inches as he sucks in all the air in the room. I lean back in case he’s going to explode. I wanted him to take me seriously, but I really hit a nerve. Good.
“Explain!” Leon yells. At least Damon flinched right along with me.
“Branden should.” My head snaps to Damon. This ghoulish shit can’t be a part of Branden’s world.
“Are your partygoers willing participants?”
“You see all this, and that is your question?” Leon’s not so much asking me as slowly breathing in and out to calm down before addressing Damon again. “Branden is not here, you are. Explain.” Damon starts pacing with quick, ungraceful steps.
“She was looking for her grandfather. Her mother told us he was dead. Lynn lied to us. Maggie eventually found him without telling Branden. He didn’t know what she was up to. It took us five days to find her. The old man believed she was a vampire. He tortured her. Mercer told us she never confessed.” Damon knows my grandfather’s name? Branden questioned him?
Leon’s nostrils flare like a dragon ready to incinerate its stupid prey, but my former kissing buddy continues. “Her grandfather lost his mind in that basement and thought if he tested her, he could tell for sure, so he . . .” Damon looks away. Disgust and pity turn his beautiful face into something I want to deck.
“Leon, he bit the inside of her leg and tried drinking her. We found him before he moved on to worse things.” Yeah, somehow worse than biting. I can’t think about it. I hate Damon knowing this about me.
Leon leans into Damon. “The old man was mine. This is why she was damaged and in the hospital?” Damon keeps his head down and nods. “I gave you and Branden the latitude to make your own decisions. What, though, would possess you to keep this from me?” I don’t wait to hear the answer. 
Everything starts spinning. My hands feel all tingly, like they’re about to fall asleep. My head is reeling. I shove Leon and run out of there. I saw one of those annoying news shows about cults around the country, the religious salvation kinds, the suicidal kinds, the dark magic kinds. I remember thinking they were all nuts. How people can lose it to the point of believing something like God is telling them to drink the nasty tasting poisonous Kool-Aid or that you are an actual leech walking the earth, is beyond me. Does Branden just enjoy dabbling in this world or is he full-fledged nuts? 
I run to my house as two blurs go by, whipping my hair in my face. I fall on my ass at the sight of Leon and Damon standing in front of me. They appeared out of nowhere. I quickly scramble to my feet ready to fight, at least my fists are in the air and my knees are ready to crush some balls.
“We weren’t finished talking, Maggie.” Leon moves in slowly, flaring anger colder and deeper than my father’s feelings for me. He’s tapping into something I can’t fathom. I look at Damon who’s watching Leon. “Now, where did we leave off? That’s right. We were at your house talking about your grandfather.” I shake my head and he disappears, then reappears right in front of me. I fall back, but he catches me. “Don’t be scared. I would never hurt you, Marguerite. We love you.” I’m not convinced. This could be a dream. How much more bizarre is this than my stillborn dreams?
“Leon, I’m finished for the evening,” I say in a fake brave voice. “I want to go to bed and sleep this off. I don’t care what you do. Just keep it down and no involuntary players. I’m making it a rule.” Leon laughs.
“I’ll let you go for the night, but we have much to discuss. Damon will retrieve you tomorrow.” He speeds away in a blur, again leaving me speechless. I storm past the great make-out artist who grabs my arm.
“Please don’t go without talking to me.” 
“It’s not like we’re going steady. Bite, kiss, screw who ever. I don’t own you.”
“But you do. You claimed me,” he says with heartache in his voice. He pulls me close. His heat and hands hold me tightly against his body. “I wasn’t screwing her.” He leans in for what promises to be another spellbinding kiss, but I flash on the dribble of blood I saw down his chin at Leon’s. 
“I’m going to bed.” He lets me slip out of his hold. “I’m not a conquest, Damon.” I feel the defiant narrowing of my eyes and squared shoulders, but inside, if he could see how much I want to play the girl card and have him sweep me off my feet and kiss all the lies better. If he knew the truth about me, I wouldn’t be so much something to conquer as much as something to lock down for observation. I don’t smack him or swear, which feels all wrong.
Inside, my house is the same. I imagine Branden is still in his room playing, maybe even biting. All I want is a long hot shower and bed, but I can’t do anything until I talk to my secretive housemate. 
I stupidly tiptoe up to his bedroom door and knock very quietly.
“Busy in here.” Oh, that pisses me off.
“Busy like Leon and Damon or busy like getting some?” The door flies open. I see a man and woman sprawled out on his bed, lifeless looking, all but their bliss-filled faces. The college boy is down to his boxers, while the girl's shirt is open to reveal no bra. They both have bites on their necks and Branden has flushed cheeks and red lips. His eyes are wild and focused on me like I’m some kind of midnight snack. His hand snatches my arm and pulls me into the room. He shoves me against the wall and puts his finger over his lips. I’ve never been hushed in such a creepy way before. 
He takes a deep breath, then slithers over to the man. The largest teeth I have ever seen shoot out of Branden’s mouth, wolf canine type teeth! I throw my hand over my mouth to hush the scream I feel in my throat. With a slight head tilt backwards as if he’s going to howl, my housemate transforms his room into another world. My eyes dart to the carpet to see if fog is rolling in. I hear moans. My hands fly to my eyes then lower stiffly to my sides. I’m too scared not to look. 
Branden fastens to the man’s neck. I mash my lips together until my face resembles a kid waiting to get a shot. I’m afraid any squeak will draw his attention. He drinks for several minutes before he whispers something and the wound closes. Let me kiss it and make it better. I could almost hear the words. He looks back at me. Those wild eyes hide nothing right now. He moves over to the girl and follows the same steps. His whisper/kiss heals her broken flesh too. 
After several minutes of quiet breathing and my pounding heartbeat, Branden’s dates stumble to their feet and giggle their way into their clothes. Branden pulls out his cell. “Pick up at one.” It not being one in the morning, he must mean our address. 
My vampire best friend walks them outside, leaving me in his room where I just witnessed a real life bloodsucker feeding. That’s what he is. It has to be real. I saw him drinking, not just some gross fetish biting Goth thing. The flesh righted itself. So that means I’ve seen too much tonight. I’m pretty sure it’s not a good thing for a simple human girl to see as much as I have. Are all of them leeches? Why is my dad filling the town with them? Why did Branden want me to be here? What am I to him, a connection to my dad, to this place? I haven’t moved an inch when Branden returns. 
“I never wanted you to know.” Not the right thing to say at all. I unfreeze and charge to my room. I have to get out of here. I grab my suitcase from the closet and start filling it with clothes. I’ve run away before and if it hadn’t been for my mad pursuit to meet my grandpa I would have been just fine on my own. 
“You can’t leave. We need you.” They need me? I’m not a feeder. And he’s a liar.
“You’re the only person I’ve ever loved!” I’m screaming the words. I don’t understand anything anymore. “Who was I named after, Branden?” He takes a step back. 
“Leon’s daughter.” I fall to the floor. Leon made a deal with my father. It made my dad rich on the day I was born. My parents just had to feed and clothe me. I’m theirs. 
“Did Leon buy me?” His face twists in pain. I start screaming like a girl in a horror movie. I must have been loud because Damon comes barreling into my room. That only makes it worse. I grab my clothes and cram them into my bag. 
“You can’t go. Please.” 
“Why? Why did you leave me with those terrible people? What did I do that was so bad-” I throw my hand over my mouth. 
“Wait. Don’t start putting things together before we can explain.”
“Explain what? My evil grandfather tortured and killed someone Leon loved. So Leon went out and found my crazy knocked up mother and offered her and my dad all the money they could dream of in exchange for me to have a life of mean words and hard hands? Was it just serendipitous that the same man who killed his precious Marguerite tried to do the same to me? Why did you stop him, Branden? Why did you save me? Is there more to come? I haven’t finished paying his debt?”
“Let’s go to Leon right now. Let him explain.” I see the tears welling up in Branden’s eyes while Damon stares at my brokenhearted housemate. 
“You want me to go see my owner?” They both wince.
“You don’t have it right.”
“The only real thing I’ve ever had was my parents’ hate for me.” I push past them and run to my car. Leon and Michael are standing there waiting for me. 
When I see Leon leaning against my fucking car, I lose it. First, I throw my bag at Michael, just because, then I knock Leon’s legs out from under him. I jump on him like a hopped up wrestler. “How could you do that?” I hit him with a storm of punches. “Why not go after her killer? Why go after me? I did nothing to you!” When the words run out, the screaming takes over until I collapse in exhaustion. 
“He tortured and dissected my sweet daughter. She was my heart. I hunted him only to find his daughter instead. I wanted to kill Lynn a thousand times over.” His body shifts up and down with a heavy sigh. “She was pregnant with you. I’ve heard of vampires buying babies to raise and foster until turning them at the right time. I offered your mother the deal. A day later, she accepted. She told me her father was dead, which a simple check with the police confirmed. I just learned tonight he was alive until two years ago.” He stops to look up at Damon and Branden. 
“I believe these two acted to save your mother’s life for telling me such a lie, so I will forgive them. Marguerite, my initial intentions were heinous, but then you were stillborn and my heart ached all over again. I did not know I already loved you. We used our blood to revive you.” 
I stand up and stare out at nothing. My birth dreams are all real. My parents are worse than the scourge of the earth. They handed me over to vampires. Did they know? Yes. My mom knew, because her crazy dad raised her. If she hates vamps, and she does, then why wheel and deal with them? 
“Leon, if you loved me, how could you let me stay with them? Did you want me hit all the time?” Leon stands up slowly.
“What are you talking about?” 
“My father hates me. He hit me every day.” The words are dynamite in my head. The one confession always on the tip of my tongue when I was a kid is out there now. Branden looks shocked. He thought my dad was just an asshole who lost his temper the other day. “Well, you avenged your girl after all. I found her killer for you.” I grab my bag off the ground. “I have one thing left to do here and once that’s done, I’m leaving.” Leon stops Branden and Damon from coming after me with a simple wave of his hand. I’ve known pain my whole life, but never this, never a broken heart. 
It’s the middle of the night and I’m running away again. I have cash, so I stay in a generic motel you can see from the highway. I want to have the emotional breakdown I’m entitled to, but I’m tired. I fall right into bed, right into wishing Damon were here to tuck me in, and right into no modest amount of self-loathing that I don’t hate him or Branden.



Eleven
Shadows are vampires. I’ve been able to see them my whole life, except for Branden. Is he some anomaly? He was planted in my life because I couldn’t see his vampire tell. I was born dead. Leon said they used their blood to revive me. Does that make me one of them now? I should have at least cleared that up before storming off. I couldn’t be one of them. I don’t want to bite or drink anyone. My own blood is not tasty at all. So I’m not a vampire. I’ve decided. Besides, my dead grandfather did everything he could think of to test it. Except a stake in the heart.
I wonder how much of the movie stuff is real. I’m thinking the fluffy lovey-dovey shit isn’t, and I’ve seen these Shadows in daylight, so no bursting into flames. It took my grandfather weeks to kill my namesake, Leon’s slain vampire daughter. It sounds more complicated than just beheading the creature. Creature? It’s hard imagining Branden as anything but my best friend.
I spend the morning in bed until it’s time to shower and go to Luke’s to hang out with Andy. After I find Laura, I can leave. She’s going through what I suffered. The wannabe slayers think she’s a vampire. She is a vampire. She has to be. She knows Branden. She worked my jobs, but stayed out of sight, then showed up here. She isn’t a Shadow, then again neither is my ex-housemate. I can’t leave her to be tortured no matter what she is. I’ll just have to hope she doesn’t bite. 
Luke’s place has two cars in the driveway. Holly stayed over. “Maggie, come in.” It’s Friday, twenty before noon, and the entire compact family is here. “Thank you for last night.” Holly is as chipper as a thirty-something petite pretty lady can be. Andy is running circles around her. Luke is in the kitchen preparing the boy’s lunch and snack for the day. I put on my best fake smile and listen to the casual back and forth between a two people who foolishly thought they should give up on each other. 
“Um, we got a call last night. Someone by the name of Branden was looking for you.” I stare at random cows on the thin strip of wallpaper lining the wainscoting, trying my best to keep my emotions under wraps. “He was hoping you were staying here.” 
“Are you on your lunch break?” I ask in a valiant effort to change the subject. She slides her arm in mine and ushers me to the living room.
“Do you need a place to stay?” 
“No. I’m good.”
“Good, huh? You have a fresh cut on your cheek and your eyes break my heart. Someone is hitting you. You can stay at my place.” I shake my head.
“Someone is not hitting me. I was hit. Thank you for your offer, but no. You, Luke, and Andy have a full life. Don’t even think about taking in strays. I’ll be pissed if you two fuck this up.” She smiles and pulls me into a hug. I just barely take it. I can’t get all soft right now. I have things to do, find Laura with pretty much nothing to go on, move out of my lovely house that was built on my life, and start over all alone with no best friend. 
I have to figure out how to get out of this deal with the vampires. How do I do that? Eddie Park. I have to go back to him. 
Luke keeps quiet, but points to the textbook on the table before he takes off. Holly heads out shortly after. I kneel in front of Andy. “I’m gonna get you.” His squeal and dancing eyes pull the best kind of laugh out of me. “I’m not so broken, am I?” I whisper. 
We run and watch shows. I recite the dialogue with him, which seems to make him happy. We watch Star Wars episode V today. He gets extra bouncy every time Princess Leah graces the TV screen. It’s so cute. 
During his nap, I daydream about being a simple college student. Luke’s textbook is the perfect place to lose myself. I devour the pages on colors. Everything I know is self-taught. I can’t wait to . . . no, right now, I have to get on the other side of this ownership deal. 
“Good reading?” I look up to see Luke back from work, standing over me with a new look on his face, happy. 
“The whole colors opposite each other on the color wheel being mixed together to make black is new. I didn’t know that. I always bought black paint.”
“So you paint. What else?”
“Sneaky guy.” He laughs. 
“I gotta go to work.” 
“You should find a different job. Raccoon’s is a terrible fit for you.” 
“I’m working on something right now, then I plan to quit.” He smiles like he just got his way.
“Hey, don’t think you have influence over me.” He raises his hands in surrender. “Besides getting busy with each other, I think you guys should hit Home Depot and pick out colors for these walls. Mauve is evil, plain wrong. I’m telling you all will be right in the world once you paint over this horrendous color.” 
He laughs. “You got it.” 
No slutty clothes today. I go for cargo pants and a black Ultimate Fighting Championship shirt. Mouthy Jim doesn’t know what to say. Branden comes in a few hours into my shift. I nearly cry when I see him. If I did, he’s the only person I would want to comfort me. I think of Damon. I wish he didn’t spin my head around. It’s all so confusing. 
Men still hit on me, which makes no sense. I look like a tomboy, and worse than that, I’m pretty sure I can’t pull it off. Some girls can be sexy in a rough girl kind of way. I look like an uncoordinated child. I have no jewelry on or makeup. I’m clean and a girl. Is that all a guy needs? 
Karl doesn’t leave at his regular time tonight. Instead, he sits at the bar, drinks, and stares at me. When I go in the back to grab salads for a table, he follows me.
“Dressing down for a reason?” I shake my head as I pour the salad dressing. “Trying to discourage me?” I look back at him. He’s leaning on the door jam with his arms crossed. 
“Karl, what’s going on with you? You’re acting so dark lately.” He moves in close, filling the air around me with the smell of rum and coke.
“Don’t you like them dark? Tell me something, Maggie. Are you still a virgin?” My mouth drops. 
“Karl, I’ll quit.” His smug face falls. 
“No, I want you to stay. I want you to see what you have right in front of you.” I shake my head again.
“I’m never going to go for you. I don’t get that feeling with you. I told you this. I can finish out my shift tonight if you behave. If not, then I’m out the door right now and you can go screw yourself.” I say the words hard because he’s leaning in and undressing me with his drunken eyes. 
“I’ll be good. I’m just going through a difficult time right now. I’ll sober up. I’ve been told I’m a real ass when I drink. I’ll get right, you’ll see.” His voice and eyes convey the words perfectly, enough to convince me anyways. 
One of the other servers dumped a tray of drinks right on Jim’s shoes, garnering the duty of cleaning the bathrooms. “Casey, is it?” Round hazel green eyes look up at me from just inside the men’s room door. She looks like I felt when I saw what I saw last night. “I know it’s scary, but think of it this way, piss is sterile, might as well be cleaning up rubbing alcohol.” 
She swallows hard, slaps on her latex gloves, and dives in, all wrong at that. She daintily walks over to the toilet and dabs the seat the way you would your mouth after a forkful of spaghetti. 
“Are you teasing?” I ask in an incredulous/amused tone. She looks up at me with those damn pleading eyes as if she’s never done a day of gross work in her life.
“Um, I’ve never cleaned a bathroom. I go to Glacier College. I thought it would be good, you know, to like, branch out.” She’s the new hire to replace Laura. This is my first shift with her. She has dark blond hair she wears just above her shoulders and tucks behind her ears. She’s perky, even the freckles dusting her cheeks and her nose are the cute kind. She’s a petite thing who will spend the next twenty years being carded. 
“Who hasn’t cleaned a toilet? What about chores, you know, child labor?” She gives me an embarrassed smile.
“We had a maid. I didn’t have chores.” I gape. My childhood was spent cooking and cleaning and not getting an allowance for it. I learned the best way to handle it was to need the world around me clean. 
“Is this scary enough to run to your rich friends and never come back, or you do you want me to show you how to do it?” She stands a little bolder as if what I said pissed her off. Good.
“Just direct me. You don’t have to be a bitch about it.” Oh, saucy.
“You have a mouth on you and you spilled an entire tray of drinks on Jim. I like you, Casey. I’m Maggie Lane. Now move your ass over. I don’t direct, I show.” 
I slap on a pair of gloves and show her how to clean the bathroom without gagging. I tell her the boy’s bathroom is the worst and only on the big nights, Friday, Saturday, and Monday. “They can’t piss in a goddamn straight line to save their lives.” Fifteen minutes later, there’s a new look on her face, something I hadn’t expected. Pride. I think this job is her way of venturing out on her own.
“You’re kind of hard, Maggie.” 
“Are you talking about my ass, because you’re cute, but that’s not my thing?” She giggles. I like it. It’s young, but not frilly. 
“Your ass is nice, but no, I was talking about the way you are. You look like you tell the whole world to ‘bring it.’ I heard you took two big guys down during your shift and didn’t even blink.” She makes me sound like some waitress superhero. I grin at the thought of my tray being a cross between Captain America’s shield and Wonder Woman’s bulletproof bracelets.
“Settle down, Casey. Don’t believe everything you hear. Just promise me that no matter how much charm Jim lays on you, you never let him lay anything else on you. You’re too good to be one of his bathroom bangs.” Her eyes bulge out of their sockets.
“Gross. Like I would fuck that guy!” Oh my. I didn’t expect that, and to use the F-word, impressive. Now I really like her.
“Casey, I have a little crush on you.” She laughs again. I show her the routine for the women’s bathroom, which takes all of seven minutes. She spends that time in a breathless stream of chatter. She’s a freshman at the posh college that costs an arm and a leg. She has a fake ID like mine, but unlike me, she didn’t tell Karl about it. It’s just her and her parents and a lot of money. She made sure to tell me her major is undecided, which seems a given for a freshman.
“What about you? What school do you go to?” she asks as if it never occurred to her a person her age wouldn’t be in school. Something inside me twists. Talking with her made me feel normal for a few minutes. It made me feel like I had a typical upbringing. 
“My dad says I speak before I think. Sorry.” 
“No sorries, save them for big things like . . . save them. Tell me about your classes. Can you stay in the dorms during the summer?”
“It’s one of the reasons my dad agreed on Glacier. He wants me attending school straight through the year. So I started this summer. He’s kind of driven.” I laugh. I don’t mean to, but it’s such a strange description. 
“Driven?”
“He wants me to finish school in two years and then grad and post grad. He has it all planned out.” She stares off into space probably the way I did when she asked me about school.
“Is he kind?” I guess that’s my way of asking her if he’s a hitter.
“Are you asking me if he’s mean to me?” Her laugh is less likable. “He wants me to get the most out of my life. He doesn’t see that I want to have some fun time. We’re working through a few growing pains.” 
“Wow. That’s different.” I watch cartoons partly to keep glimpses of how life is supposed to be at bay. I imagine the Disney Channel writing a script on her life right now for tweens the globe over. “Casey, I gotta go.”
“Do you want to do something sometime?”
“Sounds like a date.” Her laugh is back to the endearing giggle. Jim looks over ready to make a crass comment; I can see it sprawled across his face. I preempt the insult by flipping him off. Casey gives me an approving smile. She’s hard not to like. I walk her to her car mainly because I think she’s never been hit a day in her life. Branden chases me down at my car. 
“What are you doing?” His voice is the same one I’ve always known, good all over.
“None of your business.” He grabs my shoulders. I want his arms around me in the worst way, but he’s what? Part owner of me? 
“Are you coming home?”
“Stop treating me like I’m anything more to you than retribution. Am I a vampire like you?” His smile comes across as teasing. Before I start screaming at him, he leans in and kisses me softly on the lips.
“No. Not quite.” What does that mean? “Come back. We need each other.” 
“Not gonna happen. Who’s Laura?” All life drains from his face.
“Maggie, she’s my sister.” Holy big secret, Batman! One he should have shared with a best friend.
“None of it was real between us, was it? Did you have to tell me you loved me?” I’m crying now and strangely so is he. “Are you guys evil?” He pulls me into his arms, the perfect place to be. That’s what my mind says.
“I followed you to New York. We didn’t know what made you run away. The contract stipulated you were not to be harmed. That’s why he was punished the other day when he slapped you.”
“Punished?” I remember the look on his face after he dropped Damon off. “Did Damon bite him?”
“Yes.” He wants to say more. I can see that much. “There’s an order to this talk. You need to come back and let Leon finish telling you everything.”
“No. I have stuff to take care of.” I have to find Laura now more than ever. I don’t know if this boy ever really loved me, but I loved him and painfully still do. I can’t let someone destroy his sister. All I can think is that I’ll find her in time. 
“It’s not safe for you right now. Please, I just lost Laura, not you too.” 
“She’s dead?” 
“No, she’s missing, but it’s just like when Marguerite disappeared.” I bite my lip. All I have to do is find out who these vampire slayers are. 
“Let me go, Branden. I need time.” Not exactly a lie. He backs up and I drive off not wanting to leave him or Damon or even Michael. I head straight to Eddie’s. I make the three hour drive in two. His lights are on when I walk up the front porch.



Twelve
“Marguerite, you’re back.” I slap him across the face. I never took myself for a slapper, but he wrote the contract. Who sells a baby to revenge seeking vampires? “You know then?” He moves out of the way, granting me entrance into his home.
“Talk.” He starts at the beginning. My dad was a file clerk going nowhere. He got the job to pay for child support. “I have a brother or sister?” He shakes his head. I would have had a brother, but the child and mother were killed in a suspicious fire. My dad was dating my mom at the time. She was aware of how much older he was and all his baggage and she stayed anyway. When my dad got my mom pregnant, he panicked and embezzled money from Eddie’s law firm. Eddie was the only one who could testify against the bastard. Leon approached my mom about buying me, not adopting me. He wanted to own me “heart and soul, blood and flesh.”
“Blood? Rare blood type my ass.”
“The rarest, you have their blood type. The contract was written before you were born. We couldn’t anticipate the stillbirth or that Leon, Damon, and Branden would give you their blood.” I choke when I hear Damon’s name. I pound my chest with the heel of my hand for relief from all the pain, but Eddie must have to lift this burden because he talks right through my fit.
“You were going to be nothing short of a feeder. Leon wanted to reduce you to nothing. Hours after you were born he demanded amendments to the contract. No one was allowed to raise a hand or fang to you. You were off limits. They wanted to create a town and eventually you would be part of their family when you were ready.
“The last amendment was made when you were three. I handled that one too. They discovered something in your blood gave them life. That’s what Leon told me. He met with me privately. I’m pretty sure this conversation is beyond a violation of privilege. Leon’s punishment for talking won’t be taking my license away.”
I think about Damon’s biting punishment for my dad after slapping me in front of the Haas family. Eddie’s probably not being overly dramatic. “Leon paid your father heartily for the adjustment to the contract. Every month you were to donate blood under the guise of having a rare blood type. I asked Leon what they wanted with your blood. He hit me across the face, then licked my blood off his knuckles. He’s scary.” Yeah, and what was I thinking tackling him to the ground and punching him to no end?
“So my dad lost his first child, knocks up my teen mother, and the two of them conspire to sell me to bloodsuckers. The leeches discover I’m special, they take my blood every month, and I’m to join their family when I’m ready. Does that mean they’re planning to make me a vamp?”
“To a certain extent you already are one. That’s what Leon told me. Your blood work showed you being nearly identical to them, but you’re completely human. They tested your blood with theirs and your blood changed them. It made them more like you. Leon told me his maker was a different kind of vampire. There are all kinds. His sire, that’s what he called him, was an Outcast. ‘Outcasts are no more than bodies that fill with the blood of their victims. They are teeth that mangle anything soft in their path. They are the monsters vampires fear most.’”
“Stop.” I stand up tempted to check all the locks. I want to turn out the lights, find some covers to hide under, and pretend hiding in the dark will trick the monsters into thinking I’m not there. “Why did you have to tell me that?” I rub the goose bumps on my arms. Eddie chuckles. He just told me there were worse things than vampires and he’s laughing at me.
“Don’t be mad. It’s just comforting to see someone else have the same reaction I had. Don’t worry. Leon said if Outcasts were ever on the loose, a percentage of the world’s population would drop over night.” Eddie is terrible at calming the nerves. I wave at him to get back to the story. 
“Leon became something in between. Those he sired could love and live their lives, but never in the light of day, that was their one big vulnerability. He said they were a far cry from being human, always living on the fringes, hunting at night, living in the shadows, feeling as though this existence was their earthly hell. They fed, but never reached the lazy comfort of being full. 
“Your blood transformed him. His skin became hot to the touch. His hunger grew, but it was easily sated. The sun no longer meant death. It still bothers him as it would an albino. He had a family of vampires he sired. He let one at a time try your blood. All of them experienced the same effects. They could even eat and enjoy human food and drink, but they require your blood in their system to live this real life. One drop is enough. They worked out the minimum amount needed and devised a delivery system. It took them a year. They make it all in that little town. They transform your blood into the form of those breath tabs you put on your tongue that dissolve. He took one in front of me. I threw up.” 
“So they need me to live this life of living. Why did you say I needed them?” Eddie stands up and buries his face in his hands. 
“They said your body will attack itself eventually and return to the state they originally found you, dead, unless you get another dose of their blood.” Theory or they know this to be true?
“You were five when the fevers and fainting spells started. They devised the same delivery system for you. While you slept, they slipped it on your tongue. Leon expected you to need replenishment every few years and possibly more frequently as you got older. He wasn’t sure.” That night at Pure, I remember the talk about needing a dose. Branden must have been slipping me those tabs. The gay best friend was definitely a plant.
“Why did Leon tell you this?” 
“I asked him that. He told me he wanted a human witness. He said what he originally did was gruesome and cruel. He wasn’t in his right mind. He wanted proof of his change.” 
“Did my mom know he was a vampire?”
“Yes.”
“Did she know about my blood being like theirs?” He nods. She told my grandfather. She gave me up. 
“Marguerite, all the players involved were on the side of wrong, including me. Your parents were not grieving, Leon was. He was mindless over his loss. I’m still scared of him, but if you are running away from anyone, it should be Frank and Lynn.” The baby buying vamps are the good guys? Nothing is right in the world.
“What do you know about my mom’s father?” 
“Almost nothing. Lynn told me he was the best father in the world.” Crazy woman. “She said she wanted to be just like him.” I shoot to my feet. It’s her! My mom has taken over her dad’s work. She must have Laura. If she were following in his footsteps, then it would be her basement. What about my dad? He’s evil, but what role does he play?
“Eddie, I have to go. I won’t tell Leon I was here if you don’t.” At the door, I see what he’s waiting for. “You want me to forgive you.” He closes his eyes and nods. “Will you settle for me not hating you?” His smile tells me he’ll take it. Good, because I’m not the most forgiving person. 
I make the drive to Minerva in two hours. The whole time my mind schemes and plots. I have to get into my mom’s basement. I need her out of the house to do it. My dad’s never at home during the day. I don’t know what he does at the crack of dawn, but he does it every morning until late afternoon. 
Instead of driving to the motel and sleeping for a few hours, I pull over just outside of town and break out my cell. She answers on the third ring.
“Mom?” No response. “I want to meet with you so I can apologize in person. I’m leaving town and I want to see you before I go.” None of this is true. I can only hope that crazy people are bad at reading normal people. 
“We can meet at the scene of the crime,” she says in her put-upon voice. I give the phone a WTF sneer before she clarifies, “Raccoon Pete’s in twenty minutes.” She’s still upset that I defended myself against the Leeds brothers.



Thirteen
My parents live on the other side of Minerva from Pearl Estates. Their neighborhood caters to business people and doctors who made money elsewhere and moved out here thinking sprawling empty stretches of land will bring them something money can’t.
Lynn Beeker pulls her car out of the three-car garage where one of the spaces holds a small but somehow luxurious fishing boat, like they fucking fish. Deciding my anger over how they spend my blood money isn’t priority number one, I forge ahead. I still have a key from before I ran away. 
Their three story rectangular monstrosity consists of five bedrooms and a bonus room my mom uses for exercise equipment and magazines. Everything else in Casa de la Beeker is perfect, but that room is her packrat place where she can be a deviant. They converted the basement into a game palace, equipped with a pool table, Foosball machine, and plenty of old school arcade games. They have a house they don’t deserve. Again, my blood paid for it. 
Wall to wall Berber carpet and all over beige greet me. My mom would never go for plain white, but the woman knows her beiges. I half expect to see a spoiled cat sprawled out on the just-for-show couch. The custom wood blinds form an even line across the living room windows, creating a warped path of light to the kitchen. 
They remodeled to double size, silver everything. The door to the game room looks too ordinary. Ghostly faces should be pushing out of the surface in a horror movie way for how much my body is shaking. It’s not until I jerk the door open a fraction that I notice the stench of decay. A soft whimper escapes me, allowing more death to invade my senses. I gag until I have to throw up. Even though I detest my parents, I can’t make a mess right there in the kitchen. I run to the bathroom, hating myself for wasting time being considerate. 
I return to the ominous odor and the door that’s not pulled all the way open and wish I could take a deep breath to calm myself. Instead, I press on, waiting for all hell to break loose. 
A wave of panic crawls over me. I’m not moving fast enough. If my mom comes home, I can take her. That’s what I tell myself. 
Another waft of death has me gagging again, but thanks to not eating anything since yesterday, my stomach is empty. The carpeted stairs play tricks with my mind. Padded luxury does not match the stench filling my lungs. I hope that’s not Laura. 
Each step I take my heart pounds harder. I hear it in my head as if it up and relocated to my skull. I make out a few of the game machines, the old arcade ones. I love Pac-Man. It’s not right that these assholes have cool toys like these. In between Pac-Man and Space Invaders, I see it. I say it, because I don’t think you can call my dad a him when he’s so dead. So very dead. He’s a different color, mauve, eggplant, and blueberry all in one. I heave more from feeling nothing than the realization he’s gone forever and decaying before my eyes. 
I reach the bottom step and blink at the bright florescent lights flooding the long rectangular space. I don’t see her. The lights are crippling. Then there she is, lifeless and cut open. Her arms and legs are pinned down. Oh God, they’re staked down with metal spikes like some deflated flesh and bone tent. There’s a pile of chains on the floor with blood coating the links.
I walk over with tears in my eyes. I just saw my dad all gross and dead, and all I did was heave, which by the smell of him and the fact that I don’t work in a morgue is understandable, but here is this girl vampire I hardly know and I cry for her. She’s been through more than I went through, that’s what my body mournfully screams at me. 
I lean in close. Her chest isn’t moving. Do vampires breathe? The ones I’ve met so far have. I distinctly remember how fast their hearts drum in their chests. But not breathing? I would have noticed that. This is too terrible. I run my fingers through Laura’s hair. She’s not ice cold. 
I dig out my cell and call Branden. No answer. “Branden it’s me. How do you know if a vampire is dead? How do I save one? I need you to call me back. Goddamn night owl.”
I remove the stakes from Laura’s hands, gagging at the metal versus flesh sensation. This is not my scene. I have both her hands free when I feel warm air on my neck. I should scream or run. That’s the right thing to do. Nope. I cry. No awards for bravery here. 
“What are you doing here?” Oh God. It’s not my mom. It’s Jake, the broken nose Irish jerk! My heart lurches out of my chest, making a run for it I’m guessing. He turns me around to face him. He has two black eyes and a bandage over his nose. Don’t smile, Maggie. 
“Did you kill my dad?” Why did I go and ask that? He smiles. Eddie was right about the humans being more evil than the vamps.
“He complained about the screaming. He didn’t have the stomach for this kind of work. I couldn’t take his weakness anymore. Do you want to know how I did it?” Maybe. I hated Frank Beeker. 
“I slit his throat and stabbed him a couple times. It was a messy death. Not as gory as hers.” He raises his brow in the direction of the slain girl on the pool table. “She didn’t go quietly into the good night. How will you die? I like noise.” 
He grabs my ass, making me jump in that very scared girl kind of way. “She’s been our trophy for a couple days, but I’d happily take her down and put you in her place. Never thought I’d want to screw a vamp, but I’ll make an exception to be with you. In fact, I’ll make an exception a bunch of times.” 
He leans down and kisses me. No more bad kisses! My mind screams so loud the words command my knee straight into his crotch. I push him over, but he’s evil guy fast. He throws me into my dead dad. I scream and scramble off him. I want to shower. Before escaping to safety and taking care of Laura, I want to shower. 
Jake jumps me with ridiculous strength. He tears the UFC T-shirt I’ve been wearing since yesterday. A certain rage builds when an asshole rips your shirt. I’m in trouble, but this guy is really in trouble. 
I crawl out from under him and struggle to my feet. I think he let me; this is part of his game. I’ll play. When he slowly rolls to his feet, I hit his broken nose. He screams. I try not to smile, but he sees it. He slaps me, sending instant pain through my face and neck. The force throws me onto one of Laura’s foot spikes. It goes through my hand. A shock of pain is there and gone. Can’t be real. I can’t have something metal impaling a part of my body, but my fingers twitch, sending blasts of fire up my spine. Everything but my fucking hand hurts so bad.
Just like in all the bad movies, I pull the piece of metal out of her foot, then through my hand. Now I have a bloody weapon. I’m pretty sure that was the most bad ass thing I’ve ever done and at the same time I’ve never been more grossed out with myself. Who does that?
Jake bats me around the room, each blast takes some of my life. I can’t play this cat and mouse game for much longer. I still have the stake. Every knock, hit, and choking maneuver has my non-bloodied hand gripping it tighter. I need to make my attack count. 
He tries to undo my pants, but they have a tie, a metal button, and a frustrating zipper that requires finesse. He switches to using brute strength but he’s no vampire. He’s not good enough to be one! He grunts and cusses. At my smile, he hits my face, firing my hand to strike. 
I stab the stake right into his eye socket. He flies off me and screams like he’s on fire. I want to plug my ears, but I need to get Laura out of here. I take the last stake out and keep it in my hand. How bad would that be if I stab his other eye? It would be hard to rape and murder girls if you’re blind. I let that thought float on by. I try to pick the dead vampire up, but there’s no give. She isn’t stiff, but a limp body hardly wraps around you to help you carry it. 
“You crazy bitch!” I know that’s not Jake because I can still hear the screaming on the other side of the room. It’s his less attractive and still awful brother. Matching staked eyes? He charges me and not with the intention of getting into my pants. He’s defending his brother. I want to tell him it was self-defense, but the plea would only fall on deaf ears. Ears. I ram the last stake in his ear just as his hands reach my throat. He drops flat.
The screaming stops. I see a bloody Jake standing over me with the pulled out stake in his hand, looking down at his brother. His eye is oozing. I can’t look away from the gory sight of it. I did that to him. I want to reason with the one-eyed, broken nose man, brother for dad. 
He lunges. I drop to the floor, blocking his strike at the last second. I protect my head and face, but he cuts through my arm. I wedge my feet up between us and kick him into my dad. Good. I grab Laura’s arm to pull myself up. She feels warmer than my chilled fingers. Either I’m losing too much blood or . . . Eddie said my blood gives them life. 
I open her mouth. It all happens in seconds. I allow blood from my arm wound to pour into Laura’s mouth. Jake charges me. Her eyes fly open. I scream. He doesn’t see it. His rage only sees me. He flies across the room and stabs me in the side. I don’t make a sound. The pain is a single pinpoint so powerful I can see it, a volcano brimming with lava.
He pulls the metal stake out ready to strike again and he would have been able to easily if it hadn’t been for the pale, near dead hand reaching up from the pool table halting his plunge toward me. He screams, the girl kind, making me laugh. I don’t mean to. I feel mortally wounded, but he’s the scariest thing I’ve seen since my grandpa. Laura pops up as though her stomach and chest are not revealing her insides. 
“Help me,” Jake pleads, his body held still with a simple grip around his hand. In that moment, I see the little boy before whoever got to him and made him into this monster. I shake my head. Laura opens her mouth and fangs drop. Her eyes go wild and fix on me as if I’m the meal. She keeps them on me even as she yanks her killer/victim within biting range, and then as she digs her teeth into the killer’s neck. He screams until he goes hoarse. I watch his life sipped away. I never thought of it before, but it takes time to suck the life out of a person. 
Her arm wraps tightly around him when his knees give out. I don’t move an inch. No way am I going to mess with a girl in the middle of a meal. He drops to the floor next to his brother. It’s weird how little sound his body made as if he weighed almost nothing after Laura drained him. Then it’s just her and me. I think she’s still hungry and I’m bleeding heavily.
“Maggie,” she says in a heady voice. “You never change, do you?” I guess that’s better than, “Come here, I’m hungry.” She smiles with blood on her chin that missed her cat-like sweeping tongue. “I think we’ll need to help each other out of here.” She’s a mess, but by the looks of her bloodied clothes, they never took them off, meaning she wasn’t raped, the only saving grace in all this. 
I move toward her. She leans in, “You smell good.” There’s no way I can fend off a vampire after fighting these boys. She plants a soft kiss on my lips. “Really good.”
“Thank you.” Laura strikes me as a vamp who appreciates manners. I help her off the pool table. She offers a stream of creepy compliments. I focus on saying thank you and keeping us in forward motion up the stairs and through the house. My mom never shows. I think Lynn Beeker would have been vamp food if she had. 
Laura flinches under the harsh rays the moment we walk outside, but she doesn’t burst into flames. That’s good. The first taste of freedom is met with the late July air burning my fresh wounds. 
I help Laura into the car while scanning the neighborhood for any onlookers. Two, no three bodies in a basement and two bloody girls fleeing-that’s an exaggeration, limping away is more like it, does not look good. After seeing no peering eyes, I figure the clinic is the only place either of us can go.
Pearl Estates is quiet, most peaceful neighborhood in the country probably. The clinic is locked with the on call number on the door. “Doc, it’s Maggie. I’m at your clinic. Help.” Laura is the one holding me now. She takes my phone and enters a number faster than speed dial.
“Clinic now.” That’s all she says. Doc is here in a flash with wide eyes, then I see Leon. He grabs Laura, unceremoniously allowing me to fall into Doc’s waiting arms. Leon gives her an X-rated kiss equipped with tongue and ass grabbing. 
“You hate us and still you bring her back to us,” he says after inhaling what looks to be his girlfriend, but knowing him just a tiny bit, that may just be his greeting to all girls.
“I need a hospital,” and Damon and Branden. I don’t forgive them, but I need them. “My dad is dead.” The image of him between the arcade games, putrid and bloated, streams through my consciousness. I’ve wondered in the past if I would mourn him and I know it’s too soon to be sure, but I’m thinking I will never shed a tear over him.
Snapshots of grim faces and burning sunlight transforming into cool fluorescence make my eyes water. Figures move around me. “We’re going to fix you up, but the measures will be drastic.” I think Doc is the one speaking, but I’m not sure who else is standing around me. I can see, and yet everything is cloudy, kind of smoky. I feel like I’m in the dark. I’m afraid of the dark, and I’m afraid of what measures Doc plans to take. 
I fight the hands on my body. “No. Please don’t. I don’t want to become a vampire.” That’s what I decide they mean to do to me to repair all the damage done to my body. 
“Not that drastic, dear.” That’s either Leon or Doc. They both call me dear, and they’re both tall, thin, and pretty. I smile, despite everything. They’re all pretty. That flowery thought doesn’t stop me from fighting to free myself. I think they gave me something or I’m on death’s door, because I feel like I’m floating. 
Hot hands hold my arms and then my legs. Someone opens my mouth before hot syrup is poured down my throat, sweet and wonderful, with a kick. I stop fighting.
“That’s it, sweet girl,” Doc or Leon says. Branden and Damon would never call me that. I drink until I fall asleep.
“Frank, stop worrying why they want her.”
“I can’t, Lynn. She’s my daughter.”
“No, she’s not. It happened before we slept together. I never wanted to tell you and you can never tell the leeches. I don’t get in your face about your son. I know he’s still alive. I know you set the fire and faked the kid’s death. Then you dropped him off with your folks in the middle of nowhere Alaska. My dad told me. So you’ll forgive me and not get sentimental over the girl.”
“What a pair,” I say, squinting at the soft light next to my bed. I’m in my bedroom surrounded by art, comfort, and a dozen vampires.
I shoot up and groan in pain. I should be in the hospital. “Laura.” I look around. “Did she make it?” A sweet looking girl near my age dressed modestly in a total Eddie Bauer getup, long tan skirt and white dress shirt pulled together with a dark brown belt, steps through the crowd. She’s whole again. 
She looks like Branden. Soft brown hair falls past her shoulders without a single kink in all that raining silk. Big dark caramel eyes are topped with straight lashes. Hours ago with pure carnal vengeance, she drained a human being of all his blood. Standing in front of me is a girl with an aura of peace. I close my eyes when I think of what she must have gone through and wonder how she can appear so normal. I’m still suffering from my own basement time. 
“Hi, Maggie,” she says in a gentle voice. It’s a world away from her heady just-drained-a-bad-guy one. When she smiles, she looks even more like Branden. I did it. I rescued her and now it’s time to move on. That’s what I told myself before I walked into my parents’ house. The house.
“Where’s my mom?” A sliver of venom cuts through her overly calm shrug.
“We haven’t found her. We sent a cleanup crew to deal with the mess.” Mess being puddles of blood and dead bodies. For once, I am not going to ask questions. 
I know the boys are here, but I can’t look at them. I need my resolve to leave. I throw my legs over the edge of the bed, losing my breath at the sight of the bruises on my bare skin all the way up my thighs. I had an intense battle with Jake. I didn’t register at the time how hard he was trying to get in my pants.
“You’re not ready for that,” Branden says from the hallway. His warm voice runs through me like always, but it doesn’t matter. He was a plant. I won’t abandon them fully. I’ll still donate my blood. I can keep that commitment.
“It’s time for me to leave.” Damon drops to his knees in front of me and with warm hands guides my face to his.
“Maggie-”
“Fucking Shadows.” I should have kept my distance from the start. “Why did you go and kiss me? Branden wasn’t brainwashing me fast enough, so they had to bring in the hottie who looks good in swim shorts?” He smiles, but I throw my hand over his mouth. “That is not going to work on me! I’m vampire proof now. I want a regular fucking boy.” 
“Pinocchio still had his strings,” I hear Branden yell. “And a maker. And magic.”
“Shut up, freaking Shadow!” He whips through the door. “Yeah,” I say a little weaker. I’m not used to seeing his fangs. I’ve seen him scratching his balls though. I stiffen my back and hide the whimper. Having a chip on my shoulder requires more physical strength than I currently possess. “You need my blood to be alive. I’ll still donate, but no more charade. Everything has been a lie my whole life.” All the way to my dad not being my real dad. No wonder Frank Beeker hated me so much.
“No,” Damon says before charging to his feet. “Be mad, but no more running away.” I jump to my feet, throw my arms around my stomach, and open my mouth for a cry that will match the pain raking my insides. A tiny shriek is all I manage. I’m frozen in place, too scared to sit back down, too hurt to take a step toward the door.
I pull my shirt up looking for the wound I must have just torn open. There’s no bandage. The skin is whole. “We healed you, but you’re still on the mend.” Flashes of Doc’s gentle smile and sweet syrup throw me back into alarm mode. “You jerks. You gave me more of your blood. Am I one of you now?” I guess Doc thinks that’s a question for him because he rushes in. “Is that a vampire thing? Super hearing and speed?” 
“Among other things, yes. You are not a vampire, dear. We had to feed you.” Oh god, he said feed. I can’t fathom why, but this is excruciatingly embarrassing.
“That’s adorable.” The blush that normally stays in my cheeks has spread to every visible part of my body. I think Damon could have just kept his big fat vamp mouth shut.
“You shouldn’t really be going at it with your mate here until you get the doctor’s say so, and you don’t have it yet.” My mate? “Your body sustained a great deal of trauma. Leon is waiting for you to fill in the blanks, for instance, what were you doing in your parents’ house? Why did you go alone? It goes on from there. I suggest you make your way downstairs, have something to eat, and then talk.” 
It’s a vampire party in my living room. Sweet looking Laura is sitting on Leon’s lap. Michael and Branden are playing a card game, gin by the looks of it. There are a handful of vamps I faintly remember from walk-throughs. I don’t remember their house numbers. Not right now anyway. Damon is staying close, but not too close. I turn back at him and glare. He matches my glare. Mate my ass.
“Never thought a Quicksilver shirt could look hot.” I ignore Michael and pour a bowl of Cocoa Krispies. The flirty vamp walks over and kisses my forehead. “That was a really stupid thing to do. And what’s up with your voice-mail? You don’t even give us your location. Next time you do your whole Nancy Drew meets scary Terminator, give us an address.” 
“Scary Terminator?”
“The jig is up, pretty thing. Laura says you killed one of her attackers before reviving her. She saw a spike rammed in the guy’s ear. Damn.” The chocolaty snap, crackle, pop of my cereal goes tasteless.
“Enough small talk.” Leon breaks out his big bad leader voice. “Tell us how you found her. We’ve been looking this whole time.”
“I don’t think you people are good at that.” I get a few laughs for that one, but Leon isn’t budging, so I start with breaking into Karl’s office. Mid-speech I take a bite of my soggy cereal, which is plain rude of me by all the impatient sighs bouncing around the room. At one point, Leon goes into interrogation mode and I start eating again.
“Stop eating and answer me.” Asking him to repeat the question will only make him crazy.
“Look, once I realized Laura was a vampire I figured she was taken by slayer wannabe’s. I just needed to find out the who and I knew she’d be in a basement. I heard my mom wanted to be just like her dad. I guessed my parents’ house was the epicenter.”
“Who told you about your mother wanting to be like her father?” My attention returns to my bowl. I told Eddie I would keep our visit a secret. “Marguerite, tell me.” 
“Leon, I’ve paid my grandfather’s debt. You don’t own me anymore.” He carefully lifts Laura off his lap and stands up.
“Is that why you did this dangerous stunt, to win your freedom?”
“No. Originally, I did it for Branden. When I realized she was going through what I went through, I did it for her. I’ll still donate my blood, but I need the contract with my parents torn up.” Leon walks up to me, his face filled with affection despite all his leader uppityness.
“You can forgive me?” That makes me cry into my cereal. “Marguerite was the first to join this family. I sired her without realizing what I was doing. She saved me from a life of pure destruction. With my poison coursing through her body, she still had a soul. She was lovely. I wish you had been around to save her. I bet you could have found her like you found my Laura. If I knew what you were up to, I wouldn’t have let you do it.”
“There was no stopping me.”
Branden appears in front of me between one blink and the next. His eyes well up with tears. His lips quirk into the most pathetic smile. Before I can insult him, he leans in and kisses me. Nothing like Leon’s welcome back kiss he gave Laura, but the seconds go by until I’m caught up in his love and his devilish grin returns. “Vamps like chocolate.” I laugh instead of knuckle punch his chest. He senses my shift toward acceptance before I’m ready to admit it to myself. He steals a bite of my soggy cereal. “Hmm, you’ll fit right in.” 
The rest of the night, I watch the way the Shadows interact. Each one has a temper. I see it in their eyes. Sometimes I even see some fang. This is them not pretending any more. There’s something heartwarming about it, despite the fact that they’re vampires. 
Damon sits next to me most of the night, lashing at my simmering anger every time our eyes meet. I don’t know if I belong with them, but for now, I’m going to do something very age appropriate, an idea Luke planted in my head that I can’t rid myself of, I’m going to college. I want to take Luke’s class along with every single art class the school offers. 
The one person who told me I was nothing is dead. His words went with him. I wonder if my real dad has any good in him. I shelf that thought for later. As long as my mom is out there planning and plotting, I’m not searching for my real dad. Maybe he has a great life. What if I bring all of this crashing into his world? No, first mom has to die, then all will be right with the world.
“Marguerite, we have guests arriving any minute. I will check on you tomorrow.” Leon isn’t very subtle. Guests, huh? My house empties in super speed until only one vampire is left. He pats the couch cushion next to him, but I don’t scoot over.
“Go with them, Damon.” 
“No.”
“Do you hurt them when you bite?” 
“We have the ability to control the pain if we want to.”
“So go on with the rest of them. You’re not getting in my pants.” 
“You don’t have any on. Besides, I can wait.” He reaches out and pulls me on his lap. The jostling hurts, the unguarded emotion in his eyes hurts more. “I don’t want to leave you. I thought I lost you when you drove off. Then you return beaten to a pulp. I’ll stay.”
“Sweet talker. Go do your thing.” He holds me tighter. 
“Come with me. Watch me. I want you to know who I am.” I don’t say anything, which somehow conveys an enthusiastic yes. He lifts me up and races me to Leon’s. We cut through the night so fast, my scream sounds far away.
“If I could run like you, I’d carry people around too.” His laughter goes straight to my head.
“Who would you carry? Me?”
“Doris from down the street.” Doris would love it and I can’t think of a better way to thank her for . . . I don’t know, telling me she’d take me with her? “I’d race her old bones all over Montana.”
“That’s a good answer.” I stare at his radiant smile as I slide to my feet. He slips his hand in mine and guides me through Leon’s front door. 
Damon weaves us through couples dancing, solos waiting for a dance, and vamps prowling for a treat. The incessant music thrums away until I can’t hear it, only feel it in my bones. I close my eyes to slow my breathing down. Damon’s hand tightens on mine almost painfully before he pulls us to a stop. A cute chick with bouncy hair and glossed over dark eyes that gleam bite me catches his attention.
With only a smile, he has her completely hooked. He darts his eyes in the direction of the back rooms and she goes, no muss, no fuss. I follow, but I see he’s already taken by the moment. He brought me here to watch him, but right now, all he wants is what’s flowing through the girl’s body. 
I slide up against the wall as Damon follows his prey to the empty made up bed. He presses his lips to her forehead, a kindness I hadn’t envisioned whenever I thought of what he really is. 
They sit together. He lifts her wrist and flashes me a glance. His wild eyes make me feel naked. His mouth opens as he holds me there. The fangs drop. I don’t flinch and something about that builds the heat between us. 
Time ticks in tune with my pounding heartbeat until he tilts his head back. His chest makes a rumbling sound and then he bites her. Her moan is a high-pitched, enviable combination of glee and rapture.
He drinks for several minutes. I can see how patient he is, how deep this world is rooted in who he is. He’s letting me see him at his most vulnerable and most triumphant. All of it. With a healing kiss and a cell call saying, “Pick up at eight,” he’s done. 
When he walks back in the room after escorting his . . . date to the door, I’m still standing in the corner and his eyes are still wild. It’s clear that feeding time isn’t over when the meal hops in a cab home. Instinct is there for a while after. I watch and wait as he slowly returns to my Damon. I can call him mine in my head even when part of me wants to beat the shit out of him.
“Walk or ride?” he asks. His voice rattles in the empty room. Soon another vamp plus guest(s) will take our place.
“Slow walk.” 
He nuzzles close to my ear. “That’s a good answer.” He follows my pace, staying close but not pushing it by taking my hand. How he knows I need a few minutes to collect myself after seeing him in his element, I have no idea.
I’m not surprised when he follows me through my front door or up the stairs to my room. I watch as he takes off his shirt and jeans, leaving him in navy blue old school boxers. The light next to my bed with little pigs on the base shows off his sleek body. I always thought I’d go for a bulky guy.
“Your virtue is safe tonight, but I am sleeping in your bed with you.” I shrug in my very best attempt to act nonchalant. When I slide under the covers, his body is right there folding perfectly around mine. I feel him hard against me, but he doesn’t act on it at all. I sleep in, which for me is close to ten in the morning. Damon is out like a light and I imagine Branden is too. 
A shower and toasted blueberry waffle later, and I’m ready to get on with my Sunday, and that means the lunch shift at Raccoon’s. I leave a note for both boys and head out. Sunday is all about the families coming back from church.
Fourteen
“Shit, why did you come into work today?” I look at Jim who must never want to be home with his wife. He’s always here. “What kind of girl comes into work sporting a black eye and bruises on her neck and arms. You’re going to scare off the customers.” Oh, not good. I didn’t think of looking in the mirror. I showered and changed into jeans and a Dukes of Hazard T-shirt, the TV show, not the crap movie. 
I look at myself in the mirrors lining the back wall. My face is messed up. Black eye is a stretch. It’s a little purplish, but I guess Jake got his murdering fingers wrapped around my neck at some point. I stomp my foot at the memory of both brothers wanting to strangle me to death.
“Do you want me to go home?” It’s just the two of us on the floor on Sundays. He shakes his head.
“I’ll call someone in. Work until your replacement arrives, then get your ass to the hospital or police station or something.” It’s probably the nicest he’s ever been to me. 
Karl isn’t here, which I can only think is a good thing. I get a lot of stares and one little girl nearly cries. I’m traumatizing kids.
“Miss, is your manager around?” A middle-aged woman with her husband sitting across her has a tattletale look on her face.
“Karl’s out. Jim is here, but he’s, well he’s Jim. Did I do something wrong?” She closes those stern eyes on a heavy sigh.
“I would like to speak to the adult who let you come into work like this. You are just a child and someone needs to be more responsible than this.”
“Oh no, it’s my fault. I didn’t think to look in the mirror this morning. Jim has someone coming in.”
“Didn’t look in the mirror? Weren’t you aware of your injuries?” Who is this lady? I’m a little beat up. Where was she when I was a kid and needed someone butting in like this? I look around, hoping for an escape hatch from this pointless conversation when two uniformed police officers walk in looking serious and official. Yesterday’s events come flooding back, the three dead bodies, one of which I’m responsible for making dead. 
I replace one awkward conversation for another. As I approach the officers, they take in my appearance, while I take in theirs. One is tall and has that Matthew McConaughey look, blond and better suited for jeans and nothing else. The other one is smaller with dark hair and melt-your-heart-out dark eyes. 
“Maggie Lane?” asks the taller one whose southern accent meshes perfectly with the rest of him. I wonder if he practices sounding like the hot actor. “We need to talk to you, but first are you all right?” 
“Yeah, I’m good.” Whatever answer he expected that wasn’t it. His smile is there and gone so fast I almost repeat myself to see if he does it again.
“Can we go outside?”
“I’m the only one on the floor. My replacement will be here in a little while. Would you like something to eat while you wait?” The shorter one who has a couple inches on me smiles, then rights himself back into serious cop mode. They must believe official police business means no smiling.
They order personal pizzas, which seems kind of fluffy and girly for men who carry guns on their belts. One good thing about the vampire slayer crazies is they don’t use guns. 
Just as the southern cop finishes paying the bill, Ben comes in to replace me. I’ve never worked with him, but I’ve wanted to. He’s a hoot, usually stoned, and happily cusses when he tells useless stories. That’s what I’ve gathered from bumping into him from time to time. 
“Fucking hell, you’re busted up. Not cool.” He’s a peach fuzz kind of man and always sports extra rosy cheeks. He stretches his long freckly arms wide. “Hug time. Maggie, right?” If I didn’t have cops waiting, I’d sass him about just how much he smoked in his car before starting his shift. Instead, I hand over my tray and open tickets and join the cops. 
“I think we did this all wrong. We should have left and come back, not sit here and eat while we have terrible news to tell you.” The actor look-alike takes a deep breath and presses on. “Your father was found murdered in a park near his home.” I freeze at the empty feeling in my heart. Maybe I’m Frank’s real daughter after all. 
The cops who should be looking at me as a suspect lean forward in unison, their hearts in their eyes. I bet this is their first murder case.
“I’m afraid we can’t find your mother. We executed a search of the home. No one was there. By the looks of it, she’s packed up and gone somewhere.” He didn’t mention all the blood or the other two dead bodies in the basement, which brings me back to Laura mentioning a cleanup crew. 
“You don’t live with them, is that correct?” I nod. “We have the police report on your grandfather and read what happened in DC. Was your mother involved in any way?” The officers smoothly take turns asking questions. I always thought that would be the best part of being a cop, having a partner. I want to focus on silly things like that instead of what this conversation is actually about. “Do you think Lynn Beeker took part in your captivity?”
“Yeah,” I say, hoping to be done with the whole mess. “I remember the crazy, um, my grandfather talking to her on the phone about me and what he was doing and . . .” My voice catches. 
“And?”
“And I think she suggested something to do to me.” They growl in unison. “What does that have to do with my dad?”
“There aren’t any photos of you in the house. We found a note that fell between the fridge and counter.” The cops look at each other and then down to the table.
“Get on with it already.”
The southern actor cop pulls out a baggie with a yellow Post-It inside.
“Sweetie, the old hag next door asked how Mags is doing. She saw welts from the belt. Remember to hit her where it can be hidden. Love, Lynn.”
Yeah, I can’t wait to hand her over to the vamps. The southern one quickly returns the baggie and bad note to his pocket. I lean back in the booth sort of wishing I had front row seats to my father’s killing. That’s the vamp in me. 
“Why are you showing me that? They were awful parents. I ran away when I was sixteen. I came back when my dad agreed to keep his hands to himself. I hate his guts and I’m glad he’s dead. He’s the one who did all the hitting, but she’s the worse of the two. You catch her, don’t let her go. She’s evil to the core. A Russian prison is too kind. So there, now you have my full take on them. I only have one question.” The cops are busy gaping, but they lean in. “Did my dad suffer at all?” 
“Looks like his throat was slit and then he was stabbed.”
“Well, that’s an injustice. Why stab a person after he’s already dead?” 
“We have a suspect, but we haven’t been able to find him. His parents live in your neighborhood in fact, Jake Leeds.” I flinch at the bombardment of flashes, the stake being plunged into my side, his determined fight to get in my pants, the terrifying hot breath on the back of my neck. If I had been standing, I would be on my knees ready to fold into a ball. 
“Have you seen him?” I can’t focus. I hadn’t planned on thinking about Jake. I was going to do that whole avoidance/denial thing. “Is he the one who hurt you?” I look at Jim for some reason. He usually says something that pisses me off and that’s what I need right now, not the fear and pain that have me scrambling for breath and words. Jim catches the look in my eyes and walks over. Wow, is this door-to-door asshole remark service?
“Officers, you’re tying up my waitress.” Jim’s charm seems to affect the southern hottie the same way it affects me.
“You never should have let her come into work today.” The cop turns back to me as if Jim isn’t standing there. “Did Jake Leeds attack you?” 
“Okay, she doesn’t have to answer your questions. She’s clearly not ready to talk to you, so I’m asking you to leave.” Balls. I can’t believe Jim actually has balls. Holy shit.
The other cop takes over. “Miss Lane, you really should talk to someone. We read the DC report. That’s not something a person can easily walk away from, and right now, you look like you’re in shock. We just told you your father was murdered and when we told you the suspect, well, you looked like you were reliving a nightmare. I know a woman who would love to help you. I called her. You can meet her right now. It’s Sunday, but I gave her some details and she’ll meet you any time you want.” I thought cops were all hard and bossy.
“I don’t talk to shrinks. Thanks for coming and telling me about Frank. That’s a rough job.” I stand, they quickly follow suit, and Jim does his best impersonation of an annoying statue. The smaller cop steps forward and takes my hand.
“Uh-” I can’t get the words past my shock. Cops aren’t supposed to touch you, cuff you, sure, but shouldn’t they see me as a potential suspect?
“They didn’t get you. I’ve seen lost souls. You’re full of life. You’ll be okay.” Shit. The tears come charging against my will, the big body shaking kind. He squeezes my hand and the taller one rubs my arm. They finish the crap visit with telling me to call them if I see or hear from my mother or Jake.
“Jesus Christ, Maggie, what the hell was that about?”
“Dead dad.” 
“That’s insane. Hey, I meant what I told the cops. You don’t have to talk to them. I’m a lawyer, not practicing, that would only give my wife more money. Those guys were nice enough, but you have to be careful what you say.” The bartender who I can’t stand, who I flip off every shift just added another layer to himself and at the same time managed to still sound like an asshole. Who hates their wife that much?
“Why don’t you divorce her?” He crooks me a wicked smile.
“And give her half of my money?” Ah, good to know he’s never going to be a decent person. 

Back home in my room is a sleeping vampire who looks so inviting, I shimmy out of my jeans and climb into bed with him. Damon’s body instantly responds to me being there. His hand goes searching for bare skin, and when he feels my thigh, his eyes open. 
“Did you just wake up?” he asks in a gravelly voice. I ignore his words and stare at him. Yesterday I wanted to run away from them. Then he left himself bare.
“Last night-” He meets my heavy exhale with another run of his hand over my thigh. “Last night, I saw you-”
“Hunting.” We lock eyes. He terrifies me and weirdly enough not because he’s an unrepentant bloodsucker. “I can feel that.” The growl in his voice does it.
I kiss him. Oh, he kisses me back. Our hands work together to peel off my shirt. I hear my heart beating faster and lean closer to hear his drumming a frantic beat. I want to tell him he’s so into me and the teasing thought has me smiling as I kiss his bare chest. I move my mouth to his neck, spurring his hands to effortlessly remove my bra. 
He throws the covers off our bodies, turns on my flying pigs lamp, and shoots out of the bed to close the door. I lie there in a pair of plain-Jane white panties watching him move through my room as he makes his way back to me.
He doesn’t say a word, not one, but his face conveys plenty; I’m beautiful to him, every bit of me. Hot fingers trail my face, over my lips, down my neck. I close my eyes as he moves to my breasts. At first a feathering touch, then he cups me fully with both hands. Still no words from either of us. If I did say anything, I would sound like a scared marathon runner.
Virgin girl tremors wrack my body the second a wandering hand passes my ribs. I fix my startled gaze on him when he reaches the top of my panties. Our eyes meet for that brief moment before he slips under the soft cotton. On my moan, he leans in and kisses me just as his fingers reach inside me. I grab his arm, part scared and part electrified. His touch isn’t like a sweet treat at all. It’s forbidden and demanding. 
I’m riveted watching the way his hand looks moving inside my panties. He leans in and kisses me again as he plunges deeper. This is what flying in your dreams must feel like. The sound I make has us both frozen. I can’t hide the fear or my eagerness for him to continue. 
“God, Maggie,” he breathes. He’s giving me something no one has, by my reaction, something even I haven’t given myself. My hands seem to know what to do even when I don’t. I reach down and feel him over his boxers. On a groan, he pushes his body harder into my stroking fingers. Our kisses are wet and uncontrolled. I move down to his neck, making him take his perfect fingers back so he can push himself on top of me. He lets my body do what my hand was just doing, until he slows to a stop.
“I’m not going to make love to you, Maggie,” he teases in my ear. I open my legs wider, testing his resolve. His chuckle travels straight to my heart. “You deserve to be courted, sexually courted.” I want both, the game he has planned and this right now, two thin pieces of clothing between us stripped away. He slows us down with soft kisses and light touches. Once the fires cool to embers he rolls off me. 
“How old are you?” I ask him as he pulls me close.
“Is this where you ask me a thousand questions?”
“Is this where you avoid the question?” I nip his shoulder to mark my words and jump at the flash of hunger in his bright blue eyes.
“You caught that. I can’t help but crave you, Maggie.” I flush and still feel a little startled. “You’re not just some human. You’re life itself. That’s merely the vamp part of it. You have these eyes that take in the world, wide and open and innocent despite all you’ve seen. Your lips are always red and wet, and when you smile, I feel my soul. It’s nothing compared to your laugh though. 
“Maggie, that’s the innocent beauty that makes me hungry for you. Then throw in your long hair that has me dreaming of soft fire cascading over my chest as you ride on top of me.” I have no retort for that. 
“Your slender neck and waist speak of a femininity artists have tried to convey since the beginning of time. And, my sweet beauty, your ass is something else. I want to have my hands on it at all times, when they’re not other places. 
“So when you see that look in my eyes, I understand why you jump. Yes, I want to bite you, always that, but it’s so much more. I want to consume every part of you, and I want you to do the same right back. I want to be the only one, Maggie.” His words run over my body, gossamer wishes delighting me from head to toe. I dare to look back into his eyes. It’s still there, everything he just described. Then I settle on the last part.
“Are you asking me to go steady?” He laughs.
“I know I got to you. You play it off, but I reached you.” He did. “Yes, I guess in your language, I’m asking to go steady, to be exclusive.” 
“It’s felt that way for me since the first kiss.” His face lights up. For a split second, joy replaces the hunger. “You’re beautiful, Damon.” He laughs. The sound is just as beautiful as the rest of him.
“Even looking the way you do right now, bruised and beaten, you’re breathtaking.” 
“About that, if you healed me, then why do I still look and feel this way?” 
“We have our limits. We first learned about how difficult it is to heal a human when we saved you in DC. You passed out shortly after Branden and I found you. Without Doc around, we were afraid to let you drink us. We used our blood on your wounds. We healed most of them, but the internal injuries were severe, so we had to get you to the hospital. We asked Doc if we could feed you to aid in your healing and he said yes, in small increments to keep the hospital staff from calling you their miracle patient.”
“Was I that bad?” He turns away in disgust.
“You saw Laura.” My hand reaches out, desperate to push his words away.
“No, she was cut open and-” He strokes my cheeks with his hot hand.
“You weren’t staked down. We made sure we did everything to Mercer he did to you and then some.” Good. “Sometimes you are so much like us. I feel the satisfaction in you. We can pick up emotions, and when you want someone dead, you don’t need fangs.” 
“You make me sound like I’m a bad person.” He laughs the robust kind that I’m quickly finding addictive.
“What you are is a person who follows her heart. It’s a pure one.” Pure and murderous. 
We lie there, wrapped in each other, talking. I do most of it. He asks me about art, which easily has me going on and on. Then I tell him that I’m going to the local community college next month. I haven’t applied yet, but once I make a decision, there’s no changing my mind. A snoopy housemate hears and barrels through the door. 
“Nice. I’m proud of you. You had a righteous orgasm earlier. Damon is going to have so much fun with you.” It’s amazing how Branden can say so little and cause me to turn so red. Damon laughs and pulls the covers over our bodies. 
“College for real? You know I’m coming with. Don’t worry, I have my own interests.” He climbs on the bed and tells us all about wanting to take every class he can get his hands on. In the middle of a wild tangent about hot history teachers, he grabs my hands and nearly sobs.
“Did you really go looking for Laura for me?” 
“That’s a stupid question, of course I did. We talked about it that one day. You were devastated. Then you told me she’s your sister. I couldn’t turn my back on you.”
“You’re worried I was a plant. I wasn’t a Shadow to you. Our paths crossed by accident one day. You didn’t tense the way you always did when you noticed vampires. When you ran away from home, I went with you. I kept everyone in the loop, but when I was with you, I was real. Playing pool, that was me. Falling in love with you on the spot, that was all me. None of it affected you. You wanted me the way I was, the way I am, a mega slutty flamer. You never judged the traffic in and out of my bedroom. When I told you I love you with all my heart, please believe that’s the truth.” He leans in and kisses me on the lips. Soft and wet with no tongue, but all his affection for me is there. I almost call him a pussy, Damon too. 
“I suppose you want to bite me too,” I say instead.
Mid-chuckle, Damon hops up and announces Branden and I need some best friend time. We don’t have a hello and goodbye routine, but at the door, he looks back. It’s just as good as a kiss I tell you what.


Fifteen
“I’m taking you out, first dinner, then maybe a late night show. No dancing. We’ll stick to classic date material.” Branden goes straight to my closet and pulls out a forest green slip dress with silky ties at the waist. I check the length, just below the knee. “I can’t handle one more of your fucking oversized T-shirts.” He dresses to the nines in black, looking shiny and perfect. 
I drive, but he directs me to the heart of the city. Pearl Estates resides just outside the college district, three competing schools that somehow lure students from all over the country. To be fair, one is a state school, one is a private-still affordable community college, and one is reserved for the elite cream of the crop. That’s where Casey goes. I’ve seen some of the kids who come in and out of Leon’s house; they seem to be of that cream. 
No one thinks much of Montana, certainly not as dark and dank, but some parts are just that. Past the unseemly fringe, my best friend takes us to a Mexican restaurant, a swank one where the women could give me lessons on how to dress provocatively. 
“I’m Marta. I’ll serve you this evening.” She looks at Branden when she says that. I have seen him pick up tons of guys, and on occasion, an overly flirty chick, but I’ve never seen him outright seduce a woman with a simple glance. I have to admit it’s hot. Marta seats us, keeping her eyes on my date the whole time.
“What’s up with that?” I ask after she leaves to get our drinks.
“Some humans sense us differently than others. They want us in a way that almost doesn’t seem fair. If I wasn’t on a date, I would slip in the back and have a little Marta.” When he laughs, I still hear my high-pitched Branden, but something else is there. It’s always there now that he’s being himself. 
“Be fast,” I say as I look down at my menu. He flies to his feet and kisses my forehead before going about having a little Marta. I really hope that doesn’t slow her down, I’m hungry. He comes back smooth and calm and not a drop of blood on him. I bet if I was a vamp, I would be meticulously neat. Rude, but neat. 
Marta spends each subsequent visit to our table giggling. “Next time, snack after the meal.” He laughs his usual way. He’s sated for the time being. It looks good on him. 
We talk about what classes we want to take. What I’ve noticed is that none of these vampires talks about their history. They’re walking textbooks, bloody ones albeit, but still. Why won’t they share? 
“Maggie, where are you? You have that look.” 
“I’m wondering why you guys don’t tell me about your lives.” He reaches out and takes my hand.
“You changed us, not just your blood. The instant you were born, we felt different. Well, Leon, Damon, and I felt different. Before that, we were straight up killers. Some of us were cruel. You don’t want to know who we were.” 
“You’re afraid I’ll leave.” He sighs. “So you’re still pretending around me?”
“You’re not exactly the most upfront person. You never told me how bad your dad was. It makes me think there’s a lot of other stuff you keep to yourself.”
“That’s different. I have nineteen years of secrets. You have decades or centuries. I don’t even know that. I want to know I’m choosing with an open heart. How can I do that when you really are shadows?” My question goes unanswered. 
Marta gives Branden a long wanting sigh as we head out not ever once noticing me the entire night. She’s lucky he paid the bill. I tip generously as a rule, but I do require a little attention for that. 
“I’ll talk to the others, Maggie. It’s the best I can do. Leon is the leader. We go by what he says.”
“What if he’s wrong?”
“Then we fight and it’s not pretty.” When is a fight ever pretty? We should have a meeting. I want to know everything. “Settle down. I feel your energy. You’re gearing up for something.”
“You settle down. Tell Leon I’ll get my answers one way or the other.” That’s not the right thing to say to a vampire I guess, because my best friend grabs my arm and spins me around. The look in his eyes would make anyone cower in a corner.
“Don’t say that again. You come to us when you want information. Digging around our past will only bring trouble, not the abusive father kind. Our world is dark and filled with creatures who would love nothing more than to have you. Don’t you remember Michael’s reaction when he first met you? We can sense you. You’re one of us, but human.” I knuckle punch his left peck for pulling this scary vamp routine on me. “Damn it. You’re the cure!” 
“What?” I whisper.
“The poison we inherited from Leon that he inherited from the monster who sired him destroys everything that makes us human, softness, warmth, even our heartbeat. Your blood gives us that, and more. It doesn’t kill all the benefits of this life. Our hunger is sharper and easily quenched. That feeling is like nothing else. We taste everything now, we love fully, though before you, we had the ability, but it was rare. Laura was dead, and your blood revived her.” Sounds good for them, not so much for me. What are they going to do when I die? Revert to being cold walking dead things that never feel full or happy? Will they try to find another one of me? 
“Have you tried to make another one of me?” His face shows it all. They have. “You did this to another child?” 
“It’s not like that. We wanted to free you. We were hoping to replicate the circumstances. We participated in countless births under the guise of being OB’s. If a child was stillborn, we followed the same actions and not only were we unable to replicate your magical blood, but we were unable to revive the child. You’re the only one. Somehow Lynn and Frank made a creature who is our one and only saving grace.” Oh no, not Frank. Could the answer to their salvation be in who my real dad is? “What’s that look, Maggie?”
“Nothing.” I shake off the real father thoughts. 
“I’ve heard that from you before. You can’t use your reckless curiosity on vamps. Even under Marguerite’s influence, Leon could be harsh. His deal with your parents was a drop in the bucket. You changed him. But there are still enough old school Leon’s out there. You must not dig into our history.” I can dig into mine. What happens to them when I die? I have to find out what makes me so special.
“Okay.”
“Okay?” I nod and give him a small kiss on the lips. 
The date is pretty perfect. 
We head back to our neck of the woods to a small outdoor theater. Drama kids from the posh college put on free late night shows. There are countless follies and more than half of the actors are drunk or stoned, but it’s a good time. 
“They have to write their own plays to graduate,” Branden explains as we find a place to sit. “Sort of their thesis, so they work it out in these summer drama camps.” As a gift to him for such a wonderful night I don’t remind him how many times he’s told me this.
“Maggie?” I look over and see Casey sitting on an oversized wool blanket with a handful of college kids. She stands up and walks over to where Branden and I are sitting on the small quilt I always keep in my car for emergencies. She’s wearing jean shorts with daisies on the pockets and a white girly tank top and she’s barefoot. I like her more and more. “What happened to you?” Right, the messed up face and neck. Branden reaches up to shake her hand.
“Hi, I’m Branden. And you are?” She stares at him, then looks me up and down.
“Casey,” she finally says. “Hey, you work at Raccoon’s. I just started.” I’m wondering if he’s checking her out, vamp style. She moves her hand around in a circle but in an aiming gesture toward my neck. “Really, what happened?”
“Don’t want to talk about it.” She looks at Branden as if he’ll fill in the blanks. When he doesn’t, she leans down so she’s square in my face.
“Are you okay?” I always like girl solidarity. 
“Thanks, Casey. I’m okay. Right place, wrong time kind of thing. Nothing I can’t heal from.” She gives Branden a long stare. Sweet. She’s trying to figure out if he’s the person who hurt me. I guess she figures he’s okay because she stands up with the return of her cute smile. 
“I’ll see you at work tomorrow, right?” I give her a thumbs up before she turns and strolls back to her friends who currently look like total vampire bait. Branden notices their focus on him too. His body relaxes and I know a seduction is happening before my eyes. 
“Let’s get home before I make a scene.” I want to laugh. It sounded like a joke, but I heard the hunger in his voice. How could he be hungry after Marta. In the car, he explains. I make vamps bite-crazy. 
That night, after a tuck-in and kiss goodnight from my housemate, I go to sleep feeling better than I have in a long time. I have a real place in the world. These vamps are more mysterious than I would prefer, and I’m not entirely sure how much of their affection for me is true, but it matters little to my mind’s sense of being home. I sleep quietly and wake up alone.
I’m well enough to swim laps. Before anything else, I hit the pool. I have kid music Branden put together as a joke in the background. Nothing like pulling through the water to Kermit singing about life as a frog. No would-be rapists or vampire slayers make an attempt on my life, though I worry about it too many times. 
Before heading to Luke’s for my Monday babysitting session, I do a little bit of research. My mom’s name garnishes pages of women who have done everything from creating crocheted baby booties to one woman who came up with a new way to pasteurize juice so you can pour it from the tap in your home as if you just stepped into an orchard. That’s the way it’s touted anyway. I don’t see a single link for a crazy baby selling vampire slayer who’s possibly Satan’s living breathing offspring. I see a link for “LYNN, the unrecognized author.” I click on it. 
“Who is this woman who’s written pieces in just about every woman’s magazine for the last dozen years? Her early works were rough and immature, but they were bold and vivid. The most I’ve been able to find on her is a PO Box in DC. If you know anything more, do share.” 
There’s a link to a website, but it’s long since expired. I create a shortcut to my desktop to remind myself to look into it. There are Lynns everywhere, but this one has me curious. Magazines! The bonus room at my parents’ house is full of them. The cops both gave me their cards before leaving yesterday. I pick one not remembering who was Officer Curtis and who was Officer Brown. 
“Talk.”
“Officer Curtis?”
“Maggie?” How did he know that? I’m on my cell. “I recognize your voice. It’s quite distinctive.” I recognize his too. He’s the southern hottie. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, yeah, I was wondering about my mom’s house. Am I allowed to go inside?” There’s a long pause.
“No. It’s a crime scene.” Uh-oh. “Our techs discovered that’s where your father was murdered and they found something else. Downstairs has been stripped and completely cleaned out. Someone even took a torch to the concrete foundation.”
“Then how do you know my dad was killed there?”
“He wasn’t killed in the basement. He was killed in the master bedroom.” Bad form. That’s what my brain tells me. 
“Was it . . .” Was it bloody? I feel almost sad for some reason.
“Maggie, you shouldn’t go to your parents’ house. It smells like death. It’s no place for you. Even though the property belongs to you, you should consider getting rid of it.” What did he just say?
“What do you mean belongs to me?”
“The house, it’s in your name, everything is.” I drop the phone. 
“I don’t understand. They hated me. Why would they put it all in my name? Wait, this is even more motive for me to-” He chuckles when he should be jotting down what a potential suspect said.
“We checked you out first. You were working at the time of his death and there were prints all over the crime scene. None belonged to you. I misspoke earlier; it’s not all in your name. We found holdings in DC and Idaho in your mother’s name.”
“Can I have those addresses?” I ask a little too eagerly.
“Hey now, hold up. What are you doing, Maggie? This is a police investigation. Forget searching for your mother. We’re convinced at this point that she and Jake Leeds were up to something. Your father’s wounds indicate two different attackers, and some evidence in the bedroom leads us to believe they were also lovers.” Gross, just gross.
“No way, she’s an adult and he’s a kid.” I don’t think he meant to laugh, but he did.
“Leave the detective work to us. If you see either of them, call. Do not handle this yourself.”
“Just tell me one thing, do you have any leads?” I laugh this time. I’m infuriating. I can’t help it.
“Take care, Maggie. Call if you need anything.” I just did. I need to find my mom and hand her over to Laura. It’s only fair. I’m not sad that my dad’s dead, but that’s just not right. Oh, I bet she’s the one who turned the Leeds boys evil. She has to be. I make notes on my computer to follow up on the magazines, to check out holdings in DC and Idaho, and add a reminder to call Eddie Park about all the property being mine. 
Dressed in jeans and a World of Warcraft T-shirt I head over to Luke’s. “No. NO. You are not coming to this house more beat up every day. That’s it. You’re moving in with us, you’re telling us who hurt you, and we’re putting him away.” I haven’t known Luke long. He has his sassy side and his hot side, but I never knew about his protective side. It’s not his words as much as his delivery, the muscles in his shoulders practically reach his ears and his hands clench into fists while his face turns my usual flush.
“Luke, I’m okay. I already told Holly you guys are not taking in strays.” Holly walks in from the bedroom and drops her cup of coffee. Something registered the moment she saw me and it wasn’t just my beat up face. Luke is even startled by her expression. 
“Honey, will you, uh, go away?” He quickly wipes up the spill and joins Andy on the floor in front of the TV. 
“Matt never gave me a name. So I didn’t know, Maggie.”
“Yeah, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
“Your grandfather held you captive in his basement for five days. You were brutally tortured. Your father beat you regularly and your mother reminded him to make the injuries hidden. And just a couple days ago, he was murdered and the person who did it might be the same person who did that to you.” She points to my bruises. “Officer Matt Brown is my baby brother. He can’t stop thinking about you, neither can Mike Curtis. I didn’t know it was you.” 
“Well, when you say it like that it sounds so bad.” I vow no eye contact with this one. She’s doing the adult sympathy thing the cops did. “Do you want me to stop coming here now?” Luke comes flying back into the room for that one.
“No. Why would you think that?”
“I’m not really babysitter material. My mom hit me last week and I broke her finger. I told her to get her hand off me and she wouldn’t. That’s not someone you want around your kid.” 
“So she gave you the cut on your cheek? And you stood up to her?”
“Yeah, she hates me. She actually thinks I’m evil and . . .” I think back on why my mom didn’t return to the house after I was a no-show at Raccoon’s. I consider who was there at the house instead, Jake, the college boy she is supposedly sleeping with. He didn’t tell me about her part in killing my dad. So was he protecting her? Why was he there instead of her? To kill me. I’m sure she was expecting a different outcome. Not only does she think I’m a vampire, but also I killed her lover, even though I didn’t kill him. She’s not going anywhere, not yet. That’s not what her dad would do. He would follow me around and strike when I was easiest to get. 
I look around the crappy house. To be fair, my gripes are with the awful paint color, wallpaper borders, lace window treatments, and country theme. Otherwise, the house is nice. Luke and Holly are kind souls. Their lives haven’t been touched by people like my mom. Andy is another level of innocent. 
Emotion wells up inside. My fingers twitch at my side. With a need I would never be able to express, I want to throw my arms around them to stop myself from doing the right thing. I have to stay away as long as Lynn Beeker is out there gunning for me. 
“I have to go. I can’t be here until I find my mom.” I turn to leave when Holly runs to the door.
“You leave her case to the police.”
“As soon as it’s safe again, I would love to come back.” I refuse to focus my eyes on anything. “Stay together, okay.” I escape before either of them can hug me. I want their love. I want to pretend they’re my family. The only way I’ll get them back is to get on with the search. 
I drive to my parents’ house. Crime scene or not, I have to look at those magazines. It’s Monday afternoon. College kids are on their front lawns in swimsuits, acting as though they own the fancy homes behind them. 
I park a block away and try to act inconspicuous as I duck under the yellow tape. I didn’t think there would be any, but here it is, a yellow web of enforced order. Maybe the cops around here don’t get this kind of action and they got a little too excited in police procedure. 
When I unlock the door, the smell of death hits me. My father will forever live in the walls of this house. I press on even though I’m scared, even though my mind keeps replaying the heat of Jake’s breath on my neck before all hell broke loose. 
I go upstairs, averting my eyes as I pass the master bedroom, and head straight for the bonus room. It houses a treadmill, the fancy model that gives you the feel of running a marathon in a crowd of other people, or running a beautiful mountain trail all alone. Alone. This is another stupid move. But the vamps will be mad if they find out I’m looking for Lynn. 
Next to the unused treadmill sits a spin bike for all those who enjoy pissed off bike riding. And in the corner, she has a fancy rowing machine designed to recreate the sensation of pulling through water. In between and up to the ceiling are magazines. 
I never paid attention to this room before. She told me to keep out and I did. Now that I’m here, it feels like she is too, like she’s tsking me and jabbing my shoulder with her evil finger.
I hit the smallest stack. I thumb through the table of contents and find a piece written by LYNN. “Magical Daddy,” the title reads. Immediately, I want to torch the room. 
Innocence swaddled in lovely chords.
Love drip, drip, dripping nowhere.
Cries sound like pleas, but I flee his lair.
Ghost away, ghost away with my dreams, with her father.
With the life he stole for her.
Sounds crazy enough to be written by my mother. Then at the bottom, she confirms it. “Marguerite’s poem as always.”
I dig through hundreds of glossy pages. All of the pieces are creepy like the first one. The theme is mostly the pains of being my mother. How did she get anyone to publish this crap?
“God damn it.” I jump to my feet with my fists in position when I see Officer Curtis standing in the hallway looking oh so pissed. I’m in trouble. Here I am, and all that police tape out there. He looks down, sees dozens of magazines strewn about, and then looks back at me. Officer Brown joins him.
“We hear you’re on a one girl mission to find your mom.” I stop myself from agreeing with him or accusing his sister of being a tattletale. “What is it you’re looking for?” 
“Am I in trouble?”
“You’re the most infuriating girl I’ve ever met. I called the officers who worked your case in DC. They said you refused to talk to them. They had to go by what the scene told them. You’re secretive. Okay. But you’re not doing that here. Talk,” Holly’s brother finishes with a huff I almost imitate.
“I think she wrote pieces for these magazines.” They quickly shift from impatient to sympathetic. They think I’m trying to connect with my mother. “No, it’s not what you think. Don’t look at me like that. I’m thinking she had a PO Box. I thought these magazines would give me a clue or a place to start.” And like that, they’re pissed again. I have a talent.
“Okay, out of here. Next time you have a lead, tell us. Don’t come down here by yourself with killers on the loose. That really pisses me off.” Even mad, Curtis is cute. They walk me by my parents’ room, making sure to block the view. As we simultaneously shield our eyes from the blaring summer sun, I attempt to put some space between the do-gooder bullies and me. They each take an arm and guide me to my car I parked out of the way, but they saw it. Nosy cops. 
“My sister says you’re always welcome and not to be mad about ratting you out.” Brown is just like Holly. His voice conveys sincerity and kindness despite the gun on his belt. 
“The only way I’d be pissed at her is if those two mess it up again. They’re perfect for each other.” He smiles. 
“You’re out looking for your abusive mother. In your off time you play matchmaker?” He wants to be light, but there it is, what they really came here for besides pulling me out of the house. “We’ll keep this unofficial for now, but we really need you to clear this up. Did Jake Leeds attack you?” I nod automatically. “Before or after he killed your dad.”
“After. He snuck up on me. I fought him, and then he was gone.” I know the last part is such a dangerous game of semantics, but I want to give them something. Officer Brown moves closer with narrowed eyes.
“Did he rape you?” I shake my head and actually see him mouth “thank God.” That’s kind of sweet. The questions stop after that, even though I’m sure they were piling up. They tell me they’re going to check up on me regularly. “Not in a creepy cop, stalker kind of way.” That’s how Curtis put it.



Sixteen
By the time I leave the cops, I realize I’m late for my shift. I head straight to work. As soon as I’m in the door, Jim shoots his arm up and tells me to leave. “Do you know how much shit I got for letting you work yesterday? Some old chick pitched a fit for twenty minutes about how ‘irresponsible, insensitive, and cruel’ I was for letting you come in all fucked up. So get your perky ass out of here.” Gross. He did not just call my ass perky. I look like I picked a fight with Mike Tyson before his biting phase, and Jim is making a descriptive comment about my butt. That’s not right.
“Maggie.” I turn to see Casey holding a tray and looking like she’s finding her way here pretty well. “I hear you have to go home.” She glances at Jim, then back at me with a sad face. “I heard about your dad.” Just as she’s about to do the whole sympathy bit Karl walks out.
“Can I talk to you?” he asks. He doesn’t seem drunk, but he still doesn’t look himself. I follow him back to his office and hesitate at the door. The last time I was in here, he was creepy. “Don’t worry,” he says as he slumps into his fake leather chair surrounded by his wall of gory religious imagery. 
“I hear that your father was murdered. And they think the killer is the kid who was in here the other day, the one you headbutted?” Asshole Jim is a total gossip. “Do you think he did it? Him and your mom?” 
“Yeah, he did it for sure. The police said some stuff about my mom and Jake. It’s hard to believe, you know. She’s evil, but still. I thought she loved my dad.” He leans back in his chair and runs his fingers though his hair. 
“Take a few days off. You look terrible. I’m not even going to ask. I bet the other guy looks worse.” I smile. I know that’s dark of me, but Jake and his brother got what was coming to them. That’s the vamp in me again. 
“Maggie, I know that I’ve been terrible lately, but you can trust me.” He stands up and walks over. I’m prepared to knuckle him somewhere. Karl reaches down, takes my curled hand in his, and brings it to his chest. This is where I normally would draw a line in the sand, but he looks so beat down.
“I’m sorry about your dad.” I’m not sure what to do. My brain screams to state clearly how not sorry I am, but I just nod and slide my hand free. Again, Jim is the only reliable one around here.
On my way out, I give Casey my number. We make plans to go out this week, and when Jim stares at my ass, I flip him off. That felt right. 
Home is met with a handful of antsy vamps. “Can’t you ever take a day off?” 
“I am. Karl sent me home.”
“That’s not what I mean.” I look over to Branden who’s tapping my computer.
“Tell me you did not type in my secret fucking password, then read what’s equivalent to a person’s diary. I never go through your stuff. Even I have boundaries.” Do I? He scoffs.
“That’s only because I’m not missing.” I roll my eyes and head into the kitchen. Leon follows. I dig an apple out of the fridge and a knife out of the drawer. When I whip around, the leader of this odd collection of vampires is breathing me in. 
“That’s not right. At least do that sort of thing in front of me, not behind my back.” I try to ignore his pleased smile and start peeling the apple with the paring knife. My goal is one long winding cut. I saw it in a movie once and had to practice until I could do the same thing.
“Searching for your mom?” I look up at him.
“Yes. I think Laura deserves that.” His eyes flicker with delight. 
“You would give her over to us?” I nod. “Why?”
“That’s a crazy question. She hunted Laura and . . . you know the rest. She’ll do it again. I think she sent Jake to the house after me. She called her dad while he had me captive and offered a suggestion of what to try on me.” I wasn’t looking at Leon because I was back to my one cut peel business, but when I hear a room full of growls and hisses, I turn to look at everyone. 
“We’ll help you and when we find her, she will suffer.” Leon sounds colder than I ever imagined a person could. “I think I will be the one to drive the stakes through her hands.” My heart plummets. It’s one thing to let Laura drain her, but to have my own mother tortured, I can’t do that. I can’t hunt her down just to put her through what I went through. 
“Ouch, ow!” The knife bounces off the cork floor along with my apple. My hand drips warm stickiness on my bare feet. Leon is right in my face. His eyes are wild and staring directly at the driving force of his existence. My chest pulls in frantic breaths to steady the rest of me. I’ve cut a gash, a big one, through my hand. The vamps close in, some watching Leon, some fixed on my blood. If anyone wanted to either stop him from doing anything scary, or if they themselves wanted to do something scary, too late. 
Leon swipes my hand, yanking me into his hard body so fast the move knocks the wind out of me. I feel his tongue on my skin and hear the slurps. He moans and rolls his eyes back into his head. Emotional pleas sound off in the background, but background noise is all it is. 
I figure my wound is clean and not bleeding as much when he stops looking at what he’s doing and stares into my eyes. He holds me frozen with his hungry gaze and opens his mouth. His fangs drop. Before the vamps have a chance to tackle him, and I don’t know where this comes from, I’m frozen stiff, I slap him across the face hard and loud. He stumbles on his feet, taking me with him. 
Everyone is dazed. Not Doc, who walks over and releases me from Leon’s grip. Leon, by the way, no longer has wild eyes and he’s not angry either. I don’t get it, but there’s something close to affection in his expression.
“Everyone out, including you, Branden. Leon, you can stay. I’m sure you won’t be doing that again.” I’m not. Damon’s the only one who puts up a fight, but in the end, Doc wins out. He surveys the wound. “You’ve cut tendons. The best thing would be letting us heal you.” Meaning vampire blood again, only this time I would be fully aware of what I was doing. Wait, why am I not screaming in pain?
“Where’s the pain?” A guilty grin spreads across Leon’s face. Oh. He already did the drugging effect I saw Branden and Damon do with their bite, the ecstasy thing, only I’m nowhere near an orgasm right now.
“We can do this right here, but it might be somewhat awkward for you. We could go to the clinic, maybe knock you out or close to it. I don’t know. What would you prefer?” I think I would like to take back the conversation about torturing my mom to death. 
Leon sees me grappling with having to make a decision I don’t fully understand enough to make. He smoothes across the kitchen and pulls out an ornate knife. My first reaction is a smirk. Of course, he has a knife. 
“Bet werewolves have big stinking guns.” 
Instead of falling for my information trap, he casually slices a three-inch cut down the inside of his forearm. My smirk disappears, along with the knife he slides back into a sheath strapped around his calf. His hand slides to the back of my head where he pulls my face toward the wound. 
I gasp and that’s when everything, I mean everything, turns upside down. A burning in me, so deep I think I could have spent my whole life never knowing it existed, ignites. It being a raking, clawing kind of painful craving. Through the depths of my body, even my soul I think, heat and hunger rage like a brush fire. When flames reach my chest, my mouth shoots open and latches onto Leon’s cut arm. I hear a gasp and moan. Then I taste him, sex, death, endless life, and above all else, hunger. It’s all there wrapped in a strange kind of love and all of it tastes better than anything I’ve ever known. Not as good as Damon, my mind says. 
“Stop.” The foggy whisper throws me off him. I track his movements. My eyes lock on his initial cut righting itself and my bite marks doing the same thing. Bite marks? I scream. Not just scream, but I push past him and Doc on my frantic race out of the house. I didn’t know what I was doing, but that’s no excuse, right? Worse than that, what am I? I never, ever think of blood as food. 
Damon tries to stop me, but I’m in hysterics. I just, what did I just do? I’m at my car when Leon sends everyone away and takes the keys. “Get in, Maggie.” I don’t want to. I think I just nearly killed him. He repeats himself, but softer this time. I calm down enough to do as he says. Damon and Branden fly into the backseat. 
“We can debate this if you like, Leon,” Damon says in an authoritative, scary way. I’m thinking he has pull in this group. Branden watches the face-off, his body gearing up to take Damon’s side. Leon turns back to me and motions for me to put my seat belt on as he clicks his own, which has me laughing. I sound all wrong, pitchy and crazy. He drives without a word until my body calms down and I’m not making freaked out little murmurs anymore.
“Marguerite, you are not a vampire. I know you’re scared.” 
“No, I bit you. I drank you. I-”
“Liked it. I . . . liked it as well.” The boys lean forward, looking back and forth between us. “Very few creatures can feed on us. There are old stories about girls who possess magical powers to either destroy or save us, folklore. You are something else. You don’t crave us, nor do you want to hurt us. Your mind is decisive on that matter. You stopped with one pleading word in the middle of feeding.” I drop my head in my hands. I was feeding on him. 
“What happened exactly, Leon?” Damon is rubbing my back in a sweet, caring way, but it still feels like Damon’s touch, hot, sexual, and very wanted.
“Her fangs dropped.” Now I’m shaking my head in my hands. I have fangs! Just great. My blood is mostly like theirs, so it makes sense that I’ll have some of their traits, but why not their super hearing and speed? It just had to be descending fangs and an appetite for vampire blood.
“But I don’t want to bite you. I’m not sitting here thinking about all that goodness swimming around in your bodies.” They laugh. I guess I shouldn’t call their blood goodness, but it is. I know that much. Leon pulls onto a dirt road and stops the car. 
“Look at me, Marguerite.” I raise my head and slowly work my way to his face. When I find him, his eyes are warm and loving. “We can sense what you’re feeling. I know you don’t want us like that. I had no idea that would happen when I pulled you to my cut. We don’t often share with humans, but on those rare occasions, they had nowhere near your enthusiasm.” I do not like his word choice. Enthusiasm? 
“Doc and I ran through hundreds of scenarios of what vampire manifestations you might experience. You are too similar to us not to have any. We were hoping you’d gain our immortality and healing ability. So far you have our lust and our fangs.” Lust? He laughs at my expression that must be somewhere between confused and indignant, with a dose of mortified. “Why do you think no one has pursued you since your first kiss with Damon? There’s no challenging that.” I feel the heat reach my ears. 
“That’s kind of a violation of my privacy, don’t you think?” I say partly under my breath. I’m too embarrassed to have much power in my voice. 
“You’re one of us. There’s no such thing as privacy.” The man I supposedly lust after chimes in with that comforting tidbit. “Besides, if you could sense us, you would understand how impossible it is to ignore the emotions a person emits, especially yours. You hate and love with enough power to make us feel it too. We didn’t know about your father’s abuse. Somehow, you didn’t hate him, but you did your grandfather. With so much force.” I’m about to defend my feelings toward Frank, I’m sure I hated him all along, when another thought crawls up my spine.
“Leon, were you really going to bite me?” A sly smile reaches all the way up to his pretty green eyes. 
“Yes. Sorry. My bad. I was playing a dangerous game, smelling you, talking about vengeance. That always gets the emotions going. And your cut was not a superficial one.” I’m staring right at him, dizzy at the strange combination of hunger, love, and matter of fact way about him. He’s totally fantasizing about biting me, and he’s not conflicted one bit. Shit. “Don’t be scared. You slapped me. I was charming you and nothing happened. I’m the best around, trust me.” 
“You coax people to offer their necks?” He laughs. They all do and that pisses me off. I climb out of the car so I can do the angry storming off thing. It’s a silly tantrum considering we’re out here in the middle of back-to-back pastures and the vampires are my only way home. Unless . . . I pick up the pace until I’m running. I imagine moving so fast I feel like I’m flying. 
Branden’s pitchy laugh sneaks up on me while I fight the urge to throw up. “Is this how you plan to test all your sad human abilities?” I throw my foot out. 
“Yes! Eat dirt, vamp. ‘I’m so fast I can’t dodge a little foot in my path.’” Instead of laughing my ass off, I hack until I gag. 
“You have problems, Maggie,” he says as he dusts himself off. His hair is standing on end. This is possibly the messiest I’ve ever seen him. I’m a little proud to be the cause. 
He loses all signs of his trademark annoyed/pleased-as-punch attitude problem. They must have drawn straws, because he suddenly doesn’t look like he wants to be here. “You remember Marta?” 
“Worst freshly-bitten waitress ever.”
“You saw how little coaxing she needed. Most of us have a natural anesthetic in our bite. Everyone in our family uses it, unless we are doling out punishment.” After witnessing Laura’s form of retribution by way of painfully draining Jake Leeds, I am very clear on not wanting to experience vampire punishment. 
“Our family learned to expand on that power. It’s kind of a spell, but not really, more like pheromones on high. It’s beyond intoxicating. It also helps keep the biting event fuzzy in their minds. We can’t have humans running around talking about vampires. In fact, that really can’t happen. You know that, right?” He jumps back before I can punch him. “You’re a very hostile person.” My smile is all teeth. His is fangy. He wins.
“The thing about your question though, is that many vampires don’t seek out the overeager Martas. They want people like you, the challenging ones who can’t be put under a spell, the fighters. It adds to the hunt. They consider us house broken and neutered. And before you, Maggie, we would have looked down on us too.” He turns away, his expression shifting so fast I can’t read him. 
“In the day when we truly hunted, we used our magic to shield our actions. Lives were destroyed. Not all of them were the deserving kind. Some of our kind target evil doers. There’s actually a league of vampires who live that way, but they are a different kind of beast. They hunt to hurt, often kill. That way of life can become both intoxicating and dimming. You see, you don’t want to know too much about us.”
“Do you feel bad for what you did?” He laughs hard and ancient like. 
“That’s a silly question.” He leaves it at that without giving me the answer. I have to make sure they never go back to their old selves. 
Consoling him feels wrong, so I pat him off, chuckling at the cloud of dirt that floats up between us. “Not sure I’ve ever seen you so messy.” We’re both neat freaks. He sneers, but his fangs are gone. I wrap my arms around him. I don’t tell him that whatever he’s done is okay with me, I can’t tell him that. I’m a child to them, but I know enough that I can’t handle hearing about their hunts. I still want to know about everything else. How old they are, what historical events they’ve lived through, what other powers they have. How the hell am I going to convince these vamps to dish?
Branden pushes me out of the hug and shakes his head. “Knock it off, Maggie.” Clearly, he’s not going to help me and Damon won’t either. Leon seems to be the chattiest, but also the scariest. He’s all about brokering deals. What could I possibly offer him that has nothing to do with my blood or body? I’ll have to think on it. 
I walk back to the car, feeling the weight of being a fresh bloodsucker, sometimes, and so far only for vampire blood. The whole ride back, I simmer in that knowledge. I’ve always been different, and now I have this weird family and I’m not even like them. 
Damon opens my car door when we get home and guides me to his house. “I’m going to cook for you while you go upstairs, take a long bath, and throw on one of my shirts.” I immediately notice the boxes of girl things are gone. “I motivated the movers to correct their grievous error.”
“I failed to notice your clothes actually fit you.” The hottie vampire enjoys wearing men’s dress shirts. I ogle him, maybe even bite my lip, a move I stole from him.
“Maggie, you’re trying to get me to break my resolve to pace ourselves. Now get up there.” Every bathroom in Pearl Estates has one of those magnificent claw foot tubs that must have cost my dad an arm and a leg, well not my dad, Leon, and me I guess. 
The bath goes a long way to alleviating the small aches in my body, but does nothing to distract me from the knowledge that I have fangs. I didn’t feel them punch through, if that’s what they did. I’ll have to ask the next vampire I’m biting to snap a picture so I can see what I look like. I laugh into the bubbles at the mental picture.
Once I feel good and soft, I climb out. For a moment, I consider sloshing down the stairs to test Damon’s resolve. Only, I like this waiting game. I wrap a heavy black towel around my body and head straight for his dresser. The top drawer has a small note taped to it with my name on it, my birth name.
“My beautiful Marguerite, I bought you a few things to have over here. Fresh and laundered. Promise.” I open the drawer, and holy shit. The prettiest panties and other little undergarments, camisoles, bras, garter belts fill the large space. Bold, he is bold. I must send out convincing vibes for a man to sacrifice a drawer and fill it with fancy lingerie. 
I pull out a magenta pair of panties, not a G-string in sight. I pilfer though his shirts and find a soft white long sleeved dress shirt. I slide it off the hanger and bring it straight to my nose. It smells sweet like candy but with a kick. I slip it on and feel the sexy girl in me slink out of the dark. 
As I twist and turn in a rare girly-moment, a waft of heavenly goodness hits me. Garlic and butter. I run down the stairs, freeze on the bottom step, and fold over laughing. My big scary bloodsucking boyfriend is wearing an apron. “Princess is hungry!” it reads in red cursive on black fabric.
“Branden bought it for me.” That sounds like my best friend. He’s smiling, the big kind that speaks of true delight. He’s making garlic chicken, and in a strainer is angel hair pasta, I bet cooked to al dente perfection. Red sauce bubbles on the back burner, smelling of basil, oregano, and sugar slowly burning off. I’m just so relieved that more than anything I want to dig into a plate of what he’s cooking. 
“I thought vampires hate garlic.” Because he’s about to feed me an amazing meal, I ignore his teasing laugh.
“Some us don’t like it, after all it takes a while for garlic to leave your system. I love the stuff.” He loves the stuff. My blood gives him the appetite for human food. I’m bringing something real to his world. He sees my smile, his eyes lighting up and communicating emotions I can’t read until he breaks the connection and drops his focus to my appearance. 
“I knew you would look good in one of my shirts. I see you went with red. Nice.”
“How did you know my size?” My question fires off so fast I hope he misses how hot my cheeks are. 
“My hands have been all over you if you remember.” Shit. He’s good. Too good.
“A lot of practice sizing up girls?” 
“Nice try.” Tight-lipped ass. I’ll get answers one way or another. He shakes his head as he returns to cooking the chicken. 
“So tell me something else along the lines of garlic.”
“Do you think standing there looking good enough to eat will make me spill?”
“Um.” He laughs again. “How about being invited into a person’s home? I remember the first day I met you. You kept trying to score an invite inside. But then what about all the vamps in my house after I found Laura?” 
“Only because you said all that in one breath. Some of us are superstitious and we go old school about it. It’s hard to forget long ago tales about vamps being horribly ejected from protected homes.” I lose it, and not my sanity. I can’t stop laughing. He stands there in his apron with a spatula in his hand looking as though he wouldn’t mind taking a little bite.
“Scaredey-cat bloodsuckers?” He tries to hold on to his indignation, but I’m slapping my knee and reenacting a formal invitation in the Count’s voice from Sesame Street, “Please, come in. That’s one vampire through the door.” His laugh even turns pitchy the way Branden’s always does. I almost pee my pants.
With a smile on his face, he makes my plate. Nothing gourmet or fancy. Pasta with red sauce and garlic chicken. The sauce is rich and tangy and perfectly brings out the salt in the butter. The Parmesan flakes on top add a smack of sweet and spice, and all of it has me moaning with each bite. He watches me the way he did when he brought me to orgasm. 
“Are you thinking I’m easy to please?” He laughs.
“No, that’s not what I’m thinking,” he says in his hot, sexy voice. How can he tease so thoroughly and still be dead set on his holdout plan? I don’t know much in this crazy new world of mine, but I do know one thing, I won’t be a virgin forever. 
Much to my dismay, after the meal he doesn’t carry me off to his bed and have his way with me. We cuddle on the couch, playing teasing games. We can’t stop touching each other. 
He flips on the TV to a kid’s channel and laughs. “Branden told us about your DVD collection.” I blush even though he’s referring to Sesame Street and Scooby Doo.
“They make me feel like a kid. By the time I was five, I felt too grown up for my own good. I made a rule never to stop watching cartoons. I didn’t want my dad’s cruelty to steal my childhood.” 
“We didn’t know.” He pulls my hand to his lips. “How could we not know?” 
“I might have restored your humanity, but years of taking and never looking back are hard habits to break. You guys took me and did the same thing.”
“You think we abandoned you.”
“The wheels were set in motion before I came into the picture. I think you saved me.” He pulls me close, looking at me in amazement. “Maybe if my parents loved me, they would have made me in their image the way my grandfather warped his daughter. How resilient can a soul be under that kind of hate?” Damon swallows hard, a nervous gesture out of character with his smooth persona.
“I can’t believe you chose me.” Between the shock of those words and my next breath, his lips connect with mine. I’m discovering he has an array of different kisses. Soft lips, nuzzling chin. Fire lit eyes, hand weaving into my hair. And now awestruck.
“I want more,” I whisper to myself, but he chuckles.
“I love that about you.” He kisses me again and again, leaving his bold statement incomplete.
“Love what, already? Come on.” His magnificent laugh turns into a smile so free and lovely I can only stare.
Strong masculine hands work the shirt I’m wearing. Those tricky fingers seductively release one button at a time, revealing I went without a bra after my bath. He played it cool during the meal only glancing at my chest one time. “I love your appetite. It is a lure like no other, Maggie.”
He won’t rattle me into a blushing newbie. I work the buttons of his shirt, my fingers not nearly as nimble. When I see him out of breath and bare-chested, something inside me bursts. I push him away with enough force his back hits the couch with a satisfying oomph. Hot flesh and wispy hair form a trail that leads me to what I want. I undo the metal button of his jeans and slowly unzip, glorying in his shudder. My hand slips inside. His moan draws a soprano girly sound I can’t hide.
This is so damn exciting, I want to tell him that, but who says that sort of thing in the middle of a seduction scene? His eyes catch mine as I rub him over his boxers under his opened jeans. 
“I think you need to be courted, too,” I say in a low voice as I climb on his lap and slide my hand inside his boxers. He tilts his head back on a moan. In this moment, I’m bewitching him. Every stroke brings him closer to being mine until finally, his quiet moan becomes something else. His nails dig into my hips and his body shakes. I’ve never seen a man come before. I imagine how I looked, shocked probably, happy, exhilarated. His corded neck, flushed face, primal groan, and overwhelming physical presence give him this everywhere sense about him.
When he opens his eyes again, he reaches over, grabs his shirt, and cleans up, an unnecessary step when he was doing his whole courtship of me. Then something occurs to me.
“Can you have children?” He’s still breathless, which is why all he does is shake his head and pull me to him. Feeling him this close after sharing such a private moment with me, makes me want to say all the lovey-dovey words floating around inside my head, but I can’t do it.
He holds me tighter. “For no other reason than to bring me pleasure, you did that. Thank you.” I didn’t say thank you for my orgasm. Is this fondling etiquette? He sees my confused look. “I’ve been seduced countless times, but there was always a reason, often for my bite, sometimes for my favor, but never to just be with me and make me feel good.” So he’s had many, many lovers. I know there was a compliment in there, but that’s not where my mind goes. “Oh goodness, that’s a new one, Maggie.” He gives me a teasing smile. “Jealousy.” When he laughs, I climb off his lap. 
This amazing man who just got his rocks off is teasing me and that’s not cool. Boys can be such asses. I get lesbian night at Raccoon’s now. I quickly button my shirt, go to the kitchen, and angrily wash my hands before rummaging through his cupboards. I dig out three containers and make myself an imposing leftovers care package. Then I head for the door. He’s on the floor laughing. I’m not sure what exactly tipped him over the edge to this degree of hysterics, but it’s possibly me pouting in his shirt carrying a stack of his food. I’m mad, not stupid. Who knows how he feels about leftovers? Maybe he tosses the food as soon as it gets cold. I have a hard time imagining a vampire putting food back in the fridge or even rummaging through the fridge in the middle of the night. The middle of the night is when he partakes in something else. 
“Ha ha, vampire boy.” 
“Oh, don’t be mad. You’re so cute like this.” 
“Shut up. You get to have this virgin girl, knowing every single thing you do is new to her. You have a past you greedily keep to yourself. Then you tease me when I feel insecure about it. You suck, Damon.” I’m half-tempted to throw my stolen food at him, but I’m not quite crazy mad, just girlfriend pissed off. I spend the rest of the day in my art studio with the door locked and my iPod on loud enough to drown out the knocking. 



Seventeen
I’m in Damon’s shirt, AKA my new painting uniform. With rolled up sleeves and the perfect angst lineup in my ears, I practice blending colors. Supposedly mixing certain colors on the color wheel creates black. I break out Luke’s text book he lent me to get a good look at the color wheel to see which ones are opposite each other. Every twist and turn of my palette knife draws me in. I put the oils aside to prep the painting surfaces. One of the classes I audited for those few months I pretended to be a normal teen who didn’t just return home after being held captive by her grandfather, was a painting class. The professor guided us through creating quick and easy, on-the-go painting surfaces. I hear his instructions running through my head. 
“Start with heavy weight paper, doesn’t have to be absolute top of the line stuff. Then, instead of cutting the paper or tearing it, take a clean brush full of water and draw wet lines to create the makeshift canvas you want. Gently pull the sheet of paper apart. Once you’ve taped down your rough-edged sheet on the board secured in your easel,” I have a large piece of plexiglass for my board, “then you paint on matte medium to turn paper into something that can hold paint, not absorb it.”
The white paper stage is when art becomes a series of mind games. Most artists can’t stand to begin on a blank surface; white in the world of painting and drawing can be the epitome of hell. To combat the whirlwind of doubt and intimidation, I take burnt sienna acrylic paint and stain my waiting canvas. The entire process becomes meditative, a praxis of the artist. 
Day becomes night and I’ve whipped out Louis Armstrong. Jazz in the CD player means don’t fuck with me, I’m in the middle of something too intense to be bothered. That seems to be insider information, because before I know it Branden is standing in front of me with my bundle of keys in his hand.
“Uh, sorry. I . . .” I shocked a vampire. I can see why. I’m standing in front of him with my paintbrush, Damon’s shirt unbuttoned, flashing a hint of breast and a dose of the magenta lace panties. I’ve been working on a self-portrait in the hopes of capturing that moment of being with the only person who has ever made me feel so in control and at the same time so vulnerable. 
“Someone is here for you. I think she’s the granddaughter of the old lady down the street.” I start to race out, but Branden catches my arm. “I think buttoning up would be good. I really wish you did it for me.” I laugh despite my annoyance for being interrupted during a jazz painting session. I see him poke around to look at what I’m painting.
“Hey, mind your own business. That’s private.” He doesn’t mind his business at all. 
“Is this for Damon?” I flip him off and head downstairs, buttoning as I go. I think a fifteen-year-old can handle some leg. We’re both girls after all. 
“Doris’ grandbaby?” She smiles big. Her soft brown skin tells me that somewhere in her family’s past she had more than your average Anglo boring genetic makeup. She has one of those baby faces that will forever set her age at twelve. It also makes me reconsider my scantily clad state.
“I’m Millie. Doris sent me.” I usher her into the living room and guide her to one of the two couches the house came furnished with. The combination of late night TV and the extra soft sage green cushions have lulled me to sleep more times than I can remember. 
Millie’s eyes wander to various matte framed prints on the walls by some of my favorite artists. Branden’s contribution is his strange fixation with old band posters. We have The Who, Beatles, early Bon Jovi. The list goes on. She has a seat, keeping her young smile in place.
“Thirsty? I have Mountain Dew.” On her nod, I break out two pops. 
“My grandma sent me to see how you’re doing, you know, because your dad died and all.” She tries not to look at the bruising on my neck, but when she sees the ones on my legs, she winces.
“I’m good.” I didn’t mean to say it like that and she laughs. She must know that my dad got what was coming to him.
“Well, you see, it’s like this. Grandma sent in her thirty-day notice because she didn’t want to give a person like him money. And now-” I jump up, scaring her into the depths of the couch. 
“You guys want to stay? That would be awesome. Forget the notice. Don’t move.” I pull her up and give her a big hug. I don’t know her, but to have Doris stay, a full-fledged human family that I like, that’s just too good. Then it occurs to me this is all mine now. No more black Escalade pulling into my driveway. I have to get my hands on the books. I see no reason Doris should pay an arm and a leg when I’m sure the houses are paid off. They were built long before anyone gave a shit about the area. “Tell Doris to stay as long as she likes.” Millie takes her pop and rushes off. 
“So about your painting.” I give Branden a dirty look and head to the fridge for my stolen leftovers. I was in the studio for hours without taking a break to eat. “Don’t chicken out.” He walks over with intense eyes bearing down on me, and not in a bite me kind of way. “You play off your feelings all the time. Give him the portrait. You don’t know how it feels to get one of your pieces. I cherish all of mine.” I’ve given Branden about a half a dozen over the span of our relationship. The first one was shortly after I met him in New York, a simple pen and ink drawing of overshadowing buildings and one lone girl. It started out with a sense of desperation, and ended up looking like the girl was facing her biggest adventure. That’s how it felt being in that huge city with Branden as my friend. “Tell him how you feel.”
“You’re such a girl sometimes.” He doesn’t laugh, just grins like I proved his point. Whatever. A little SpongeBob and Damon’s culinary creation later and I’m ready for bed only I fall asleep right there on the couch with another basement nightmare lying in wait.
“Follow the plan, Missy. We bide our time until as many of them come to town as possible.”
“But they’ll leave after you kill her.” My grandfather is talking to someone on the phone he calls Missy, but not like it’s her name, more like little missy. The only thing that gives me is a woman is on the other end and she’s loud enough I can hear her.
“No they won’t. They’ll spend years looking for her. Frank has his role. He’ll keep pushing the humans out and bringing in the vamps. You just bide your time and play nice and neighborly.”
I jump to my feet, noticing for the first time I’m not crying after a dream visit to the basement. The milestone so big, in fact, I can’t help but dance. It’s the middle of the night and I’m sure the vamps are all snacking. I put on country, the ruckus kind that inspires sexy smiles and waving arms. Maybe my battle with Jake proved to myself I’m not weak, that I’ll fight to my last breath. My grandfather cheated by tying me down. I would have annihilated him. Nice thought. 
I wake up the next morning still in Damon’s shirt that smells like him and linseed oil, the best of all worlds. I throw on my suit and head for the pool. Only at the door, I realize something. Rather, I remember something. “Neighborly.” 
My nightmares used to show me flashes of torture, but lately I’m seeing details my mind took in but didn’t register at the time. I run for Jake’s house. I know I should change, that would be the smart thing to do, but I have to check this out. 
The houses are quiet, but the lawn crew is here with all their noisy equipment. I found a father/daughter team who uses all battery or electric equipment, my nod to Al Gore. Now all I have to do is rent a gigantic jet, fly to Antarctica, and tell him how hard I’m working on the cause. 
I race past Doris’. She’s out on her porch on the swing she put up without permission. I liked her on the spot. I wave, but forge ahead. I’m in shorts, my suit, and Sketchers, but I’d prefer a sports bra, bulletproof vest, and maybe a weapon of some sort. 
Jake’s front lawn is freshly mowed and edged. Dozens of barely functioning cheap twirlers bounce strobes of silver and faded yellow over the small generic porch. The curtains are drawn. The papers are piling up in front of the door. They’re pushed toward the house in a clean line. Someone has recently opened the screen door. Maybe the cops stopped by looking to speak with the now dead and disappeared Jake. 
I knock, wait. Ring the bell, wait. No answer. I go around back; time for the acrobatic portion of this impulsive look-see. I climb the recycle container, steady myself with a death grip on the eaves, and hop the fence. Thankfully, no one is allowed to have pets. Doris has a cat, more than one I believe. 
Nothing is back here, not even lawn furniture. The smell of freshly mowed grass casts a summery spell on me. I suddenly wish I were gripping a spatula alternating between flipping burgers and joking around with Branden.
The sliding glass door is the weakest entry into a home, but especially so when you don’t lock it. I slide the door open, taking a deep breath before I cross the threshold. I still have flashes of Frank dead between two of my favorite arcade games. I want to run just thinking about it.
The house has an unused smell. Adding to it are the crusted dishes in the sink and half-eaten waffles on the counter. The paper reads Saturday, the day their sons died, one by my own hand. The farther I go the darker it gets. I debate turning on a light. I decide against it and press on with my keys positioned between my knuckles. 
Mr. and Mrs. Leeds keep their house messy and cluttered. The vampires are tidy folk, not Laura. I need to go out on the town with her and see what she’s really like. All I know is that she’s on kissing terms with Leon, she’s a bitch to Jim, and she’s a bit of a slob. 
Each room adds to my fear of being in someone’s home uninvited. If I stumble onto them, and they’re the “neighborly” ones biding their time, then what are they going to do? Strike? How can a few people take on a town of vampires? It took them weeks to kill Leon’s daughter and less to kill Laura, but it still took time. I need Leon to tell me more about vampires, otherwise I can’t figure out what these people are planning if the plan is still on. Frank and my grandfather are rotting in hell and my mother is on her way. Who’s left?
I head upstairs. The first of the brothers’ rooms looks like every other crass guy’s den of boobs and ass. Sex kitten posters cover the ceilings while UFC posters line the walls. Nothing screams raping murdering SOB’s. 
I step into the next room and stop short. My parents were poor when my dad first proposed to my mom, poor and knocked up. I think he used the embezzled money to buy her a ring worthy of flaunting. I thought it was the prettiest thing she wore and now her ring is sitting on the bedside table. She was sleeping with Jake. I want to snatch it up and bury it with my dad. Not my dad, Frank. I don’t care about the bastard. The police still have the body. Cremation sounds good.
I head to the parents’ room next. It’s tidy with the exception of a slightly rumpled bed. I bet they keep it made and sleep right there on top of the comforter. They have a computer in the far corner on sleep mode. With my knuckle, I tap a key and press enter. I thought evil people plotting to kidnap and kill would make use of their security system on their computer. Maybe the parents aren’t in on it.
I go straight to history. Wow, lots of porn. Someone really likes XXX-large jugs. The rest of the searches are about activist groups around the country. Nothing touts fighting a war against vampires. 
I hear the start up of a leaf blower outside, jolting my key laden hand to strike thin air. Nothing like maxing out your fear to make you run out of an empty, dark home. There’s more to explore, but I’m useless now. I’ve reached the jittery point in breaking the law. I’ll have to come with a vamp next time. 
On my way back to the pool, I stop to visit with Doris. “Oh dear, you still look rough, but you’re a tough cookie. That’s why I never worry about you with all those vampires.” I trip on my own feet and fall on the walk, scraping my hands and knees. Man. “Tough, but not very coordinated.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“You fell just there.” 
“Doris.”
“The white-haired man, house eight, you know, tall and sharp looking, flared his fangs one day at the man next door to me, also a fanger.” 
“I don’t know if that’s enough proof to be calling people vampires for real.” She laughs an old lady laugh that says, “Oh, silly girl.”
“Yes, I could have been seeing things. I will give you that, but the man next door is never discreet. He enjoys his meals under the stars.” I have to meet this moonlight biter. “Don’t worry, I’m the only one who knows and I don’t care one bit. They’re nothing like your parents.” 
I scramble to my feet, feeling the late July heat and undiluted morning sun on my fresh cuts. The sound of a lawn mower replaces the leaf blower that had me running out of Jake’s house like a little girl. “Come child, sit next to me. Millie really likes you. She’s usually on the shy side, but whenever she sees you, she lights up. Maybe you could spend some time with her.” Even teenagers cling to me. 
“Doris, I’m not the best influence on young minds.” She laughs.
“Oh, you are funny. I hear a lot of what goes on around here. People never pay attention to the elderly. Usually it’s a curse. In this town, it’s a live soap opera. You manage to tame a nest of vamps. You rescue that sweet girl from the clutches of vicious people. All the while you’re a virgin.”
“Not for long.” She laughs. 
“That’s how it sounds. For a role model, I think I hit the lottery for my granddaughter. Take her swimming.” Her voice changed at the end from playful and complimentary to do-what-I-say stern. Next thing I know, Millie is standing on the porch in her modest black one-piece swimsuit. Late bloomer is my first thought. At fifteen, she’s flat as a board and still has that, I haven’t hit puberty look. She’s lucky. I blossomed at thirteen, started to anyways. By the time I was sixteen, I had full-on hard core sex dreams about no one specific, but he was hot and good every time. My chest was a c-cup and my ass was already attracting too much attention. Postpone growing up as long as possible I say. 
“Millie, let’s hit it.” Turns out the shy grandbaby is a freaking chatty Cathy. She doesn’t stop talking about everything under the sun that relates to some boy band. My mind refuses to focus. I squint in her direction, which is her cue to sing a couple lines. I give her a thumbs up because I have no idea what else to do. After a few minutes, she calms down and I discern enough of her words to learn swimming and her two best friends make up her entire world.
We’re one step into the pool house when Millie hoots with glee. I shout and almost punch her by accident. “Maggie, race ya!” Them’s fighting words. We both hurry out of whatever clothes and shoes we have on until we’re down to our suits. After a competitive glance at each other, we dive into the pool. She’s fast and giving me a run for my money. We go until one of us or both of us stop mid-length of the pool. Is it a surrender or tie? Who knows? We settle for floating around, catching our breath, and giggling at nothing.
Without notice, she dunks me underwater and heads for the wall. She’s calling last lap with that clever dirty trick. I fly out like I’m playing water polo and grab her ankle before she can declare victory. She yelps and I howl. We spend the next however long one upping the other in the dunk and flee game she created, all the while trying to not laugh so hard that we swallow water and mess up the whole game. I win in the end. The modest loser splashes water in my face and cries out that I cheated. It’s the most fun I’ve ever had in the water. Ten minutes later, she challenges me again and we repeat the process. Finally, we retreat to the sauna, crawl is more like it.
“Do you think I’m ever getting boobs?” I laugh into the bubbles.
“Sure. You’re a late bloomer. Give it less than a year and there you go. You don’t need much in that department. Enough to show off in something low, and not so much you’re indentured to a bra for the rest of your life.”
“How come you look beat up?” 
“Because I was. But I fought back.”
“Doris says that if anyone is ever bothering me to come to you. But you look like you have enough problems.”
“Who’s bothering you, and don’t play dumb?” I hear the steel in my voice, but I can’t be light about this.
“Some girls from school, specifically one. She lives near my parents’ house. That’s why I’m here all the time this summer. Her boyfriend or whatever sort of asked me out, but I said no because I didn’t like him. He’s always on the prowl. And he was a senior! The girl, Brooke, didn’t care that he went after me, or that I turned him down. Now I’m on her list, and so far, it’s really sucked.” 
“Let’s go.” I climb out of the hot tub where she’s still sitting, terrified by the looks of it. “Let’s go. Bullying is not right. I’m meeting Brooke, and then I’m having a talk with this on-the-prowl guy.” 
“Wait, um, what are you gonna do? My grandma said you take no prisoners. It’s hard to believe, but the look in your eyes just now convinced me. You’re a scary girl.” I shake off the laugh. 
“Millie, it’s too late. I’m not turning my back on you. Someone isn’t treating you right and that’s my area of expertise. Get your ass moving.” She flies out and follows me home. I let her hang out in my room while I shower, mostly I want to get rid of the B&E I did first thing this morning. 
“Okay, what does Brooke look like?” I’m wrapped in my towel, staring at my closet.
“Perfect. Brooke and her friends have shampoo commercial hair, wear makeup and jewelry, and stick their boobs out at every boy. Brooke likes to wear sundresses. It makes her look sweet and innocent, but she’s the biggest slut.”
“Slut? Isn’t she your age?” Millie shrugs.
“Well then, no sundresses for you.” I dig through my closet and find a cute red denim miniskirt. I throw it at her. “Now you have a decision to make, a pair of my panties that are clean, of course, or commando?” She opts for a pair of my panties and a pink tank. I wear a pair of white jeans, a rich purple fitted v-neck tee, and a heavy brown belt. A touch of lipstick, some perfume, a mild scent that always makes me feel fierce, my heart necklace, and we’re off. 
“How come you don’t always dress like this?” Even from a fifteen-year-old, I get shit about my clothing choices. I dismiss the question and head to her house. She lives just outside the triangle of colleges. The whole way to her house, she fidgets with her skirt.
“Nervous or uncomfortable?”
“Both I guess.” We pull up to her mom sitting on her porch swing. “Yeah, like mother like daughter,” Millie says. 
“Millie, oh my.” A pretty brunette with olive skin and dark brown eyes looks surprised, but not upset with her daughter’s new look. “And who do we have here? You must be Maggie. I’m Rose. My mom described you perfectly. You’re not wearing a T-shirt with grown men wrestling on it.” I roll my eyes at Millie who laughs.
“Doris is something else. She’s decided to stay in the neighborhood. I’m so excited.” Rose’s smile brightens and quickly fades. 
“My mother was upset with the prospect of moving, but she always said no man is allowed to hit a woman or a child. She also told me she was sending you to deal with that awful Brooke. I’ve tried talking to Millie about it, but she clams up and begs me not to do anything. That little jerk had the nerve to throw water balloons at my girl from a moving car. Then one day she cut the straps on her backpack. Those were just the obvious pranks. I know there were worse ones.” Millie is staring at her long feet, both bummed at remembering the things she’s been enduring and embarrassed that her mom is talking about her like she’s helpless. I choose not to say anything on the subject.
She takes me inside to show me her room, the most telling thing about a girl. Fifteen maybe, twelve is more like it. “Is that a Care Bear collection?” She proudly smiles. “I like that you’re such a kid. I didn’t get this. At fifteen, I was dodging being pummeled by my dad.” I did not just say that out loud. Millie’s eyes go wide. 
“Doris said you’ve had it rough, but-” I put my hand up, a move I took from Leon. That stops her cold. 
“Tell me about your girlfriends.” We sit on her bed while she goes on and on about her friends. One of them has already reached ultra hot status according to Millie. They’re all on the swim team. No wonder Millie was so awesome in the pool.
“Maybe we could all swim together sometime.” I throw my head back on the pillow. Me and kids, what gives? 
“Well, I guess since my boss won’t let me work looking like a big-ass guy beat the living crap out of me, I have time to school you and your friends in the pool.” She grabs her pillow and slams me with it. I grab her other one and there you have the classic pillow fight if the two girls with the pillows are ultra competitive. Finally, after enough laughter to hurt all my healing injuries I have to call it. “Let’s grab some pop and head over to that bitch’s house.” She laughs.



Eighteen
Millie’s neighborhood is a hodgepodge of dated homes. Hers was built in the nineties. Some have a seventies feel with too much dark wood and yellow glass. There are a couple ramblers and one or two new construction homes. I know which house is Brooke’s right away. Four girls are sitting on towels in bikini’s and sunhats like they’re forty and nursing martinis. Too many Sex in the City reruns for these adolescents. 
“Oh, look Millie brought herself a bodyguard.”
“Shut up,” I say, deadpan. I lift my sunglasses to the top of my head and join her on her towel. Brooke is the one with the brightest, prettiest swimsuit. I’m sure she arranged it that way, even though in the ocean the sharks would eat her first. “Hi, Brooke. We haven’t met. I’m maybe the meanest girl you’ve ever come across. Bullies make me lose my cool. You are not being very nice to my good friend here. We’re like sisters. Do you have any sisters?” She slowly shakes her head. “Turns out I’m protective of family. You’re messing with my family. I don’t like that. So let’s act civilized. I don’t do that enough when I’m facing off with a combatant. Tell me, and I want every detail, why you are giving my friend so much shit? Go.” Brooke glances at her lookalikes and then back at me.
“She’s a dork and she tried to steal my boyfriend. That’s not right. Girls aren’t supposed to do that to each other.” There’s attitude in her voice, but I hear a tremor too. I don’t mind that one bit.
“She’s a dork. I see. Well, that’s not enough reason not to like her, so I’m dismissing that one. We all know given a couple years she’s going to be smokin’ and out of your league, and I’m sure, out of the league of the asshole who set this whole thing in motion.” The bitchy bully smiles at that one. “Tell me about the boy.”
“Seth is a god and this slut tried to steal him away.”
“First, no name calling. Second, are you two still dating?” She shakes her head and glares at Millie. Millie is standing behind me doing her best not to look petrified. “Were you ever dating exclusively? Don’t lie.”
“We went out a couple times. But-” I put my hand up.
“Who is he with now?”
“A few different girls at Glacier College. He graduated in May.”
“Oh Brooke, you have committed the biggest girl on girl sin of all time. I’m going to forgive you as long as you make it right. Seth is a classic man whore, even in high school he was a pro. Think of him as a storm; you didn’t stand a chance when he swept through taking you down in his path. He’s out for one thing and it really pisses me off. I hate predators. I don’t know if deep down you’re a nice person, but I do know Millie is awesome. Leave her alone. It’s my only warning before I get mean. Not violent. I save that for guys like Seth.” Her eyes go wide. She starts fidgeting like she’s not as confident as she puts on. “You’re in high school and that’s a time to be a kid and have fun and see the world as big and open. How old are you?”
“Almost seventeen.” 
“Do you know what I was doing at your age?” She nervously shakes her head. “I was recovering in the hospital after being held prisoner in my grandfather’s basement for five days. He broke every single one of my fingers and toes, stabbed me, burned me, and some other stuff that will make you cry to hear. I wasn’t sunbathing. This is the life. Live it, don’t waste time trying to hurt someone else. Now tell me where I can find the man whore.” Brooke gives me his address and I walk Millie back home. 
“Is that true? That stuff about the basement?” 
“Yeah. I’m dropping you off at your mom’s.”
“You’re going to talk to Seth. I want to come with.” 
“Sorry, not this time. I don’t know how he’ll react to me being me and I don’t want you around that.”
“Are you always this protective?”
“Millie, you reached out to me. I never once did that. How could I not do everything in my power to help you? I think it’s some kind of law.” She laughs and actually holds my hand like we’re best friends. It’s a strange thing. Millie joins her mom on the porch swing and I see that one day she’ll carry on the tradition. I leave just as she reenacts my chat with Brooke. 
Seth lives a ways away from Millie, deeper into the heart of Minerva. I find his apartment building. The old brick and intricate flourishes speak of being here for ages when the city isn’t that old, less than a century. There’s a doorman, which means I have to be sneaky or charming, neither one comes naturally to me.
“Hi, I’m looking for Seth Commons.” I go for straight up. The doorman appears to be in his forties and well maintained with his nice looking watch and pinky ring. He gives me a once over and, for a moment, I think he’s going to ask me to slowly turn in a circle so he can make sure I’m up to standards. He doesn’t, instead, he whips out his cell.
“Got a girl down here . . . Yeah, I wouldn’t bug you if she wasn’t.” I’m sure I don’t like the sound of that. Just then my cell rings. 
“Hey, where are you?” Damon’s voice is low and soft, giving me thoughts of him whispering in my ear. “Are you still mad at me?” Mad? Oh wow, I forgot.
“Next time you piss me off, sneak into my bed in the middle of the night and see how hard it is to hold a grudge against you, Damon.” He chuckles, and it’s hot.
“Where are you?”
“In the city. I’m looking into something for someone.” I hear a groan and then I hear Branden in the background. “It’s not like that. I’m helping a friend who has an issue with a boy at school. Don’t worry, this has nothing to do with-” I lose my words when I see a tall dark-haired hottie walking toward me, and it’s not how cute he is that has my mouth on mute, it’s the weird shadow surrounding him, all reddish brown. I don’t like it. He gives me a wicked smile, I don’t like that either. “Damon, do you know a Seth Commons?” I hear growling, and then it’s Branden on the phone.
“Run!” What? So I run. I’ve never heard Branden sound so scared. I head straight for my car, but Seth moves in front of me in what I can only assume is vampire speed. This is not good. 
I put the phone back to my face, “1500 South Mountain View.” The vampire grabs it and smashes it in his hand. That sucks. 
“I walk all the way down to the lobby and you run away. Where are your manners?” His voice is gnarly as if it went through hell first. “I think you will have to accompany me to my place.” He moves closer. He smells like sweat and cologne and something else, sweet hot goodness. Oh no, I can smell his blood, and it’s so good. “Yes, you’re coming with me.” 
He leans in, taking a deep breath. I feel his teeth graze my neck. They’re sharp enough to make a small slice, then his lips are on my flesh. His whole body shudders before he backs a good few feet away. Licking his lips like a cat at mealtime, he stares me down with even wilder eyes than Leon’s after I cut my hand. His fangs drop. They’re sharper and scarier than the vamps I call family. His thirsty attention brings to mind winter-starved wolves and horror movie style piranhas.
“Back off, vamp,” I say with all the hate I can rally. I don’t hate him yet, but I have a good imagination. He cocks his head to the side, staring at me with precision focus. I feel a wave of something run over me and then fade. His eyes narrow as he stalks close. 
“I’m going to keep you.” Vampires can sense fear and I’m drowning in it. His arms are around me again and his teeth create another slice across my neck. I feel his lips there. His body shudders and flies back again. He cries out in exaltation. I’m thinking third time is the charm. Another repeat of this slice/lick/shudder routine and I’m gonna get bit. 
“Seth, leave her alone!” Branden comes out of nowhere, donning his scary killer face. Damon lifts my hair, checking for bites and growls when he sees the two cuts. 
“She’s ours,” Damon demands. We’re going to have a talk about that later. I have serious people ownership issues. 
“Yours? Why is she walking around? Why isn’t she locked away somewhere and treated as your trusted pet? Remember Tara?” Oh, I did not hear that. Nope, I didn’t. I did not just glimpse some terrible detail about Damon’s past, his cruel past. I bite my lip, trying my best to put a lid on all my girlfriend stuff. “She’s what, your mate? But I taste virgin. My lovely Damon, have you turned noble? I was three minutes from taking her and I just met the girl. What are you waiting for?” I don’t want to hear him talk any more. “Someone’s getting mad over there. I like her. Do you remember that one cute bag of blood?” Gross. “You liked her too, whatever happened to her?”
“You found her, bewitched her, destroyed her, nearly drained her, and then turned her.”
“Oh yes, my sweet Kaitlin. She’s a very scary vampire, isn’t she? Did you know she hunted me for nearly a century? She caught up with me and we played around a little, wildcat in the sack, much like this one will be.” Everything happens at the same time, to my eyes anyway. Damon lunges for Seth, who’s waiting for it. Seth slams him ten feet past me. Branden charges and meets with the same result before the dark and twisted vamp charges me. Seth lifts me and runs off carrying me like a suitcase or bag of groceries or misbehaving child. I can’t figure out how he’s holding me. I’m too freaked out. The wind whips by so fast tears stream out of my eyes. Then, bam, it feels like a car hits us. Seth rolls, still holding me. My head makes contact with dry grass. There we are with trees all around, dusk at our doorstep, and a classic vampire standoff. 
“She’s mine,” hisses Damon.
“Then make her yours. Come over here and drink her, and I’ll let her go. Prove she’s yours.” Damon looks at me with tortured eyes. He wants to save me and he wants to bite me, but for some reason the choice on the table is some kind of horror show for him. The longer he looks at me the more his pain becomes mine. “Are you always this protective?” Millie’s innocent question just hours ago.
A fire curls into wicked flames inside me. This Seth creature is hurting my boyfriend. He’s hurt him in the past and he intends to do it again. Something in his offer has Damon unable to speak or move. 
Rage burns through me until Seth’s caging body becomes something different. Something I crave. “What the-” I latch onto his neck. His question is interrupted by the most private moan. His hands hold me differently now, the mantra in his head going from, I’m keeping you from running away, to, oh god, don’t stop. Seth tastes so good. I can’t get enough. He drops to his knees, bringing me with him. “Stop.” His one whispered word has the power to cut the spell. 
“Sorry about that,” I say in a heady voice reminiscent of Laura’s after draining Jake. Damon wastes no time. He lifts me up and races me back to my car. Branden follows. He takes my keys and drives us back home. When we pull into the driveway, I take the keys and fight the instinct to run or stomp into the house. Neither one said anything to me the whole ride home. 
I hit the shower and stay there until I use up all the hot water. Damon’s waiting for me when I walk into my room. 
“I felt some kind of build-up in you before you bit him. What was that?” I tell him to turn around so I can dress. He smiles, but complies. 
“Seth hurt you with his offer. I could see the pain he inflicted. It upset me.”
“It wasn’t a real offer. I believed him once and bit the girl he was threatening. I drank her and he still took her anyway. You can imagine the rest. You felt so much for me that you bit him?”
“Biting him just happened, Damon. Don’t be scared of me now. Please.” He laughs and speeds over to me. 
“Hey, I’m getting dressed here.”
“That’s a waste of time.” He pulls my towel off. Leaving me standing there with a pair of panties in my hand and the rest of me naked. 
“What about holding out?” He pulls me into a kiss. I have my hands tugging at his shirt when Leon storms in. Damon growls so loud I jump. 
“You’ve been told not to dig around our past.” The fair-haired, green-eyed leader of the Pearl Estates vampires is too irate to notice or too seasoned to care about my current state of nakedness.
“Back off, okay. Don’t come barging into my room accusing me of something I didn’t do. I was looking up a high school kid who hit on Doris’s granddaughter. He caused Millie a bunch of grief.” I don’t know when I charged him, but I’m standing right in front of him with heat in my face from being wrongfully accused. 
“So you’re saying you crossed paths with one of the most possessive vampires in existence doing a favor for an old lady?” His burst of laughter sparks more outrage. “Settle down, my dear, I will apologize for my rudeness.” Okay. Anytime. Damon walks over with my towel, reminding me I’m in a fighting mood in the buff. Leon’s eyes go wild in a different way. I think he actually blushes. 
I shove both vampires out of my room and lock the door. The mood is gone. I throw on Damon’s white shirt and pair of lace panties that look similar to the magenta ones. It’s time to finish the painting. I interrupt an argument when I open my door. Branden is standing between Leon and Damon and no one looks happy. 
“What are you doing?” I think my boyfriend is asking me that because my shirt is open in the front. My housemate laughs while Leon is stunned. 
“I’ve had enough vampires for one day and not once have any of you asked if I’m okay. A bad guy tried to steal me away. I was seconds from being bit. Worst of all, the whole fangs dropping thing happened again and I fed on Seth. So I’m going to paint.” Damon’s eyes light up and still no one says the right thing. God, men are such asses.
“May we watch you paint?” We?
“Why would you want to do that, Leon?” 
“We’ve seen the fierce Maggie and the biting Maggie.” He laughs at his pun, so do the other two vamps. Great, now they’re making fun of me being a biter. Leon steps into my space. “We would really like to see you in your art world.” Oh, he would, a lot. And I think it’s enough to garner me some leverage. Yes! I resist the urge to pump my fist in the air and cheer.
“I’ll let you see me paint, even the self-portrait I’m working on for something I want.” The leader crosses his arms, instantly ready to negotiate terms. “I want to learn about vampires.” They start protesting, but I talk over them. “I deserve to know, and since no one is sharing, I think a trade is reasonable.” They look at each other and actually do a huddle. I laugh and head to my studio. I’ve got them. Five minutes later with Louis Armstrong in the CD player, the boys walk in. 
“We will not discuss dates, historical events, or associates.” I nod and wave them in. I can’t afford to notice them in the beginning; the painter’s mind is too fragile. I take the plastic wrap off my palette and begin mixing paint, soaking in the feel of the silky oils under my knife. I have a hearty amount of a cool black and the primaries ready to make the exact hue variations I need. 
Turpentine in a jar ready to clean my brushes and Louie in the background, I hit the unfinished self-portrait. The composition is down. The pose is set. Now it’s about bringing out detail, big then small, like the purplish shadows created by the yellow light on my shirt, the flesh color of my skin and the magenta shadows my features cast, the night sky in the background. Two hours later, I turn around and jump when I see vampires sitting on the floor. After all that negotiating, I forgot about them. I’m pretty sure I flashed some boob.
“I forgot you were here. I still get the info.” Their laughter dies down when Damon’s gaze burns the air out of the room. I hear the door snick closed and feel the intimacy skyrocket between us. We’re alone. I’m the first to look away. It feels like equal parts giving in and pulling him in. 
Branden legitimized this space as an art studio when he included a washing station in the design plans. You can’t mess with serious solvents like turpentine and not have running water at your disposal. As I wash my brushes, my favorite time to daydream, Damon slips his hands inside my open shirt. The world halts and I hold my breath as two burning palms travel up my body with purpose. A full body tremor brings the biggest smile to my face. He makes me feel. Just feel.
“I’ve seen a lot, Maggie, but never anything like that. It was just you, raw and beautiful, no mask, no defenses.” His fingers skitter across my nipples, teasing me with unknown promises. I look down at my fingers as they methodically press paint out of the bristles. Rivulets of color spill into the silver sink. Red and a shock of hidden cyan are the perfect colors for this moment.
He presses his body against mine, his mesmerizing thrusts slow and intense. He’s teaching me how he moves, how he loves.
With a heady exhale, one of his hands slides down, not hesitating at the panties. He presses under the red lace. His other arm wraps around my waist. We breathe together as our hips move in a dance that only pulls us closer and closer until he slides his fingers inside me and my knees turn to butter. A flow of heat rushes to his crafty fingers. My eyes roll back, and I can’t stop the burst of laughter or the prayer-like shout of his name. 
I’ve long since dropped my brush in the sink. I need this boy in my bed. I find a glimmer of reasoning and wash my hands. You can’t mess around with oils. Damon seems to know exactly what I’m doing and takes his lovely fingers back before turning me around and picking me up. We’re on my bed in a flash. His shirt and jeans are off in no time, then my shirt.
“You’re beautiful,” I say as I look into his blue eyes. He smiles, showing off his two slightly crooked teeth. The weight of his body on mine feels right, the most right thing in my world. Muscles flex as I trail fingers down his back and under his boxers. 
Slow wet kisses turn into to something more, something centuries in the making. “I love this so much,” I say in a rush of words and emotions. He chuckles, shortest chuckle ever because his mouth is back on mine.
Deeper and deeper the kiss goes as our bodies push and slide against each other. The euphoric haze we’re building isn’t enough to drown out the sound of the doorbell. I dismiss it, but Damon doesn’t. One second he’s all mine, body and soul, and the next he’s a brick wall, even his loving eyes turn hard. 
“What is it?” I ask out of breath.
“There are two police officers downstairs talking to Branden. Your mom was spotted at your work.” Damon climbs off me with pain in his face. “I won’t let her hurt you.” I sit up wanting to comfort him, but he’s not having it. He’s closed up in some kind of fight mode. I recognize it. “They want to talk to you. They seem very fond of you, Maggie.” He looks at me with an expression I don’t understand. “How do they know you well enough to have so much affection for you?” I bit my lip. “Are you up to something?”
“You know I’m looking for my mom.” 
“With us though, you’re going to do that with one of us. Right?” He hands me a bra that matches my red panties. “Is it what Leon said about making her endure the torture Laura suffered?”
“Let’s talk about this later. Curtis and Brown are downstairs.”
“You remember their names.” It’s not a question. He heads out without so much as a kiss on the forehead. A pair of shorts long enough to hide the bruises on my thighs and a Batman T-shirt later I run downstairs.
Curtis and Brown aren’t in uniform. It seems wrong somehow. “Did you two get promoted?” They laugh, but the tension in the room skyrockets. Brown walks over and pats me on the arm.
“We’re just making sure you’re not sneaking under anymore police tape.” The two vamps in the room now know I returned to my parents’ house. “Lynn was spotted near Raccoon’s. Has she reached out to you?” I allow Curtis’ calming Southern accent to alleviate some of the alarm his words caused.
“I think it would be obvious if she had. Have you gotten anything from the PO Box angle?” They shake their heads. What’s holding them up? I mean honestly, can’t there be a way to find it? Her husband and lover are both dead and she owns nothing here. It’s not as if leaving me would cause her any pain, she’s here to do more harm. 
“You’re staying out of it,” Brown reminds me.
“How are you holding up?” Curtis asks as he moves closer to me.
“You know I’m not sad about my dad, right? I don’t want you wasting your sympathy on me. He was a terrible person. I feel bad that his wife was cheating on him. I think she was the only thing he loved. I still don’t know how she could have done that. She always called him sweetie. I don’t get it.” 
“That’s what you don’t get?”
“It’s the only thing I was sure of growing up. They loved each other. He looked at her kindly and she looked at him with admiration.” It’s the one thing that really bothers me about his death. The only person he had in this world betrayed him. Damon moves in and holds my hand. The warmth brings me back here and away from the worst parents ever. 
“And you are?” Wow, Curtis said that hard. That must be the cop in him.
“This is Damon, my boyfriend. He’s really neat!” I can’t believe I just said that. I’ve never introduced a boyfriend before. I blush while the room erupts in laughter. The cops stay for a few more minutes then take off.
“So I’m neat, huh?” Oh God, I can’t believe I said that. “Thank you for introducing me.” What a weird thing to say. He sees my confusion. “It’s one thing for me to introduce myself to people you know, and entirely different for you to do it, and then the way you did it was sweet.” Okay. Are all boys this strange or just vampire boys? 
“She doesn’t know what you’re talking about Damon. Trust me. She can’t sense a crush until the guy’s hand is on her ass.” Crush? Who?
“The cops? That’s crazy. They’re-”
“We know, adults, they have real jobs, blah, blah, blah. Let’s just say the taller one wants nothing more than to tear that Batman shirt right off your body. Well, so do I. Where do you get this shit? And the dark-haired one, the cuter one, wants to take care of you.” Branden would be checking them out.
“You can pick that up from their emotions?”
“Lust is easy. Curtis is drowning in it. But he’s not a bad guy. Love is pretty easy too, and Officer Brown is a bit in love with you.” I shake my head and glare.
“Your vamp radar is off. I just met them.” I say that, then look at Damon. “What else can you do besides pick up on emotions?” The vamp boys look at each other and shake their heads. “Hey, we had a deal.”
“Yeah, but you’ll have to go through Leon.” Sneaky.
“Fine.” They block my path to the door. 
“Not right now.” Oh right, he’s feeding and I’ve had enough of that world for the time being. “We sort of need to go, too.” Damon leans in and gives me a too-long kiss for it to be a goodbye sentiment. It feels like a hello and let’s get naked kiss. Despite that, he leaves with Branden. Hungry vamps. When I look down, I realize my knee scrapes from falling down this morning are bleeding again.



Nineteen
With the house to myself, I decide to call Eddie Park to find out about the finances. “Maggie, are you coming by for a visit?” The man needs to get out if he’s this happy to hear from me. 
“I can another day.”
“I heard about your dad. It’s all over the news. Your mom is a suspect. Did she do it?” I fill him in on the details including the slayer part of it.
“You’re in more danger than ever before.”
“Why?”
“From what you tell me, you were supposed to be dead two years ago, and I agree with you that she must have sent that boy to kill you. You’re not dead yet. You’re a vampire in her mind. You should come out here and hide until she’s arrested.”
“You know, if you’re lonely you can always come for a visit. You don’t have to do this scary murder plot angle.” His laugh is rough sounding, as if amusement is an unused emotion that squawks when activated. “How do I get my hands on the finances? I want to lower the rent for one of the tenants. Tell me he didn’t keep all the paperwork at his house.” 
“Your dad was on the Board at Glacier College.” Eddie tells me that Frank gave the school a truckload of money and I guess that bought him a cushy office. “You need to go down there. The police probably don’t even know about it. He’s had a little corner there since you were born. I think he wanted to go back to school before the things he had done turned him into a monster.” Yeah maybe, or he was always a monster. He loved my mom, so monsters can love something, just not the right thing. “You’re aware he was Catholic.” Why is he telling me this? I don’t care. “He has a burial plot already purchased.” 
“No, I’m not putting him in the ground. He gets a nice cremation, then his ashes tossed in the trash.” 
“I think you’ll regret that. It’s a final death request.” I feel the pain of his words deep in my soul. He’s telling me I need to do something kind for my father. “I’m sorry, don’t cry.” I tried to do it quietly. “Have someone handle the details for you. Get him in the ground and be done with him.” 
I say a tearful goodbye and head straight to my computer. Lists. Lists will help me feel better. First thing in the morning, I’ll call the funeral home and see about having someone deal with my dad’s body when it’s ready. I’ll throw money at them so that I don’t have to answer any questions or make any decisions. Then I’ll go to my dad’s office and find the financial information I need to run Pearl Estates. Maybe I’ll unearth my mom’s mad plan to slay vampires. My list goes on and on until I’m no longer crying. I go straight to bed. I don’t dream, but I do feel a vamp boyfriend slide under the covers a couple hours before dawn. I take his arms, but keep his brewing ideas at bay. I need sleep more than making out. 
Morning is met with a sound asleep vampire in my bed. After watching him for several minutes, I hit the pool. And who is out there waiting for me? I couldn’t have guessed. 
“Millie, these must be your best friends.” Doris’ sweet grandbaby grins from ear to ear. I want to listen to her tell me who’s who, but Michael standing off in the distance watching me calls all my attention. “Just a sec. I’ll be right back.” I run over to the vamp who should be sleeping. 
“You’re going to be pissed, but just remember I’m following orders.” I put my hands on my hips ready to be pissed at him no matter who told him to do what. “I’m the only one of us who doesn’t need to sleep. I haven’t been on your blood long enough.” Kind of gross. “Seth will be looking for you and we can’t have gaps in the fence. He’s tasted you. He’ll be coming for sure.” 
“So I have a babysitter now?” He smiles.
“Looks like all your stealth work will have to be accomplished with me.” I groan and storm back to the peppy high school girls. 
“Is that your boyfriend?” 
“No, he’s just a friend.” The new label for Michael surprises me. I guess I do consider the vamp my friend. 
“We heard that we need to be schooled in the pool.” I laugh. The girl doing the talking is not Millie. “I can tell you weren’t paying attention earlier. I’m Mac and this is Charlene, but call her Char.” Bossy little thing, little because she must be just over five feet tall. She has fiery red hair that’s curly and unruly. She’s pretty in a hard girl way, which makes me like her more. Her eyes are almost gray and her freckles are a dull orange. Char is the opposite, kink-free long blond hair and tall frame. She has a swimmer’s body, with broad shoulders and slender waist and hips. 
“Mac, you’re a girl after my own heart. Let’s hit the pool so I can kick your ass.” She laughs, all young and pretty sounding. Michael slips in the back of the pool house without so much as a book to read. He’ll be bored out of his skull. 
Once the door shuts, all hell breaks loose. The race is on. We peel off whatever clothes are over our suits and dive in. I don’t know Millie very well, but her smile seems like the biggest one she’s ever had. Lap after lap and I’m neck and neck with Char, the tall super swimmer. I want to cheat. It would be so easy. All of a sudden, a small hand grabs my ankle and pulls me back. I leap out of the water and dunk the bold Millie. 
Giggles chime through the wet chlorine air. Char has a huge lead now. I push harder, and when I reach her, I cheat. I pull her back. Mac jumps into the fray and pushes me down. She tries to tag the wall, but we’ve all forgotten about Millie who’s about five strokes from declaring victory. All three of us charge the sneaky teenager. Inches from the wall, we get her. She screams and wails. 
We spend the next twenty minutes playing that game. We take turns screaming, laughing, and dunking. Then we play chicken fight. It’s brutal. I have Mac on my shoulders. It doesn’t seem fair to pair two pit bulls together. We slaughter Millie and Char. Then we play classic sharks and minnows and Marco Polo. 
An hour later, we are beyond exhausted. The only thing left is a sauna soak and pizza. I order three larges and a couple two liters of pop and we sink into the hot tub. The girls rave about boys on the swim team. All three are sans boyfriends and seem happy with the status quo. That’s the thing about these girls, they’re uncharacteristically young for their age. These days everyone seems older, but not this trio. When the pizzas arrive, Michael surprises me when he pays.
“Babysitting doesn’t have to come out of your pocket.” I grab the two liters while he walks the food over to one of the tables. I had the pool house equipped with a few lawn chairs and picnic tables. I wanted the families to have a place to relax when they weren’t in the pool. My dad said no, so I did it with my own money. 
“Watching you laughing isn’t babysitting.” He leans in and kisses my forehead. He has a couple slices while we girls go to town. Mid-meal my cell rings.
“Maggie Lane? This is the Minerva Morgue. The police have cleared your dad’s body. You can have the funeral home pick it . . . him up today.” I made a to-do list last night and forgot all about it. I forgot Eddie telling me to bury the man. Frank wasn’t my real dad, but he was someone’s dad. He had a kid stashed in Alaska. So burial it is.
“Do I just call the funeral home and tell them to pick up Frank?” 
“Just a moment.” Without another word, the chatty woman connects me with the only funeral home in Minerva. A formal sounding man answers and, before any sales pitch, recites a list of policy points. 
“I have to come in person? Can’t I just give you money and you get it done?” His answer is simply no. The fun and games are over. 
“Okay girls, I have to go do bullshit grown up stuff. Enjoy the food and thanks for the swimming lessons.” They laugh. Millie catches up with me at the door and throws her arms around me. It’s a real hug, like a family one. 
“Thanks for yesterday,” she quickly says. I stand there a little stunned as she runs back to her friends.
“Not used to that, huh?” I slowly turn my head to look at Michael. “Me, neither.” He pulls me into a warm embrace. I take it. Shower, jeans, nice navy blouse later, I’m on the road with Michael. I drive. Today is a day I need to feel in control. 
“I want you to stay in the background, Michael. I have to take care of something first, then I’m looking into personal business. I don’t want you standing over my shoulder.” 
“Wasting your breath.” I groan. 
The funeral home instantly satisfies all of my preconceived notions. A pristine white house, spotless grounds equipped with topiaries, eerie Muzak spilling from ceiling speakers, overly pale people roaming about, the clincher, they all appear to be related to each other. I try to ignore the strange enthusiasm I sense from the girl behind the antique desk. Goth, with bangs too short and hastily cut. I think she’s older than I am but the pigtails make guessing her age impossible. Clad in black all over, with boots I kind of want to try on, shiny leather with silver buckles all over the place that are so hot I think Damon would fall over if I ever wore anything like them. “I couldn’t pull that off,” I whisper to Michael as we approach her desk. 
“I think you could,” he says a little too flirty. The Goth girl sees Michael and practically starts panting. I don’t exist as far as she’s concerned. I feel the energy build between them. She’s one of those humans that sense vampires in a please bite me kind of way. 
“Go ahead. Just don’t take too long.” Michael looks at me shocked and excited at the same time. In a blink, he has her hand in his. They glide off to some back room and I’m not sure if this will just be a bite or a bite and a lay. The latter, I imagine.
“Where’s Eunice?” Oh god, this bastard did not name his daughter Eunice. No wonder she’s obsessed with death. “Are you Maggie Lane?” I close in on the middle-aged man whose suit looks like it should be on a dead person, dark and plain, with a deep burgundy tie. He keeps his hair carefully brushed to the side to appear as though he has more of a mane than he does. His little eyes and small chin make me think he makes too much money in this business. I don’t like him. It could be that he’s making me come here for no good reason.
“Yes. I need Frank Beeker picked up at the city morgue. Then I need him in the ground as soon as possible. He has a prepaid plot and stone.” He starts to give me the sales pitch for the various dead person packages, the viewings, the casket, the service. It all pisses me off. “Stop. If you describe one more casket, I will kick your ass. No viewings, no ceremony, just the cheapest casket. You might have been able to get more money out of me if you hadn’t insisted I come here to your costly house of death.” He opens his mouth to argue with me and I’m about to go at it with him when Michael strolls back into the room.
“Good afternoon, Sir. I’m sure you have nothing more to say on the matter. You have Maggie’s number. Call her when you're ready to put Frank in the ground. Eunice and I worked out the details. Thank you for your time.” 
“You save all that prince in shining armor stuff for funeral homes?” I say as I drive us to Glacier College. He has a sated look about him, so sated I’m sure there wasn’t just biting that went on.
“I was in the middle of an awesome biting-screwing scene when a blast of fury ran through me. It was incredibly hot, but a bit dangerous. So I finished up and saved the day. Just the kind of guy I am.” I laugh for the first time since the morning phone call from the morgue. “I don’t understand you letting me go off in the first place.”
“Oh, you mean getting some Marta? Branden told me about humans who think vamps are catnip and our waitress was like that, so now I call it getting some Marta.” 
“You would be so much fun. What is Damon waiting for?”
“Hey, we’re taking our time. It’s fun.” He laughs.
“Yes, I know.” 
“What do you mean you know?”
“It’s hard to miss your emotions, Maggie. You’re part vampire, part human, and part hardcore woman. When you come, you rock the whole place.” The car swerves nearly into a ditch. He grabs the wheel to steady us. My face has never been hotter. The heat is actually burning my chest.
“You people have no sense of privacy!” 
“You’re a bottled up raging slut, Maggie, and I mean that in the very best way possible. The fact that you’re a virgin drives us crazy. We’re taking bets.” Nice. It’s one thing for everyone to know such personal matters, but for them to feel what I’m feeling, that’s enough to send me into hiding. “Don’t clam up now. Come on, you can take some razzing.” I keep my mouth shut and focus on finding my dad’s office. Eddie told me exactly where it is. 
Aged brick and fancy lampposts give the college an Ivy League feel. Oaks and birches line the pathways. Large maples stand neck and neck with the old buildings. I wonder what my blood money paid for. This was Frank’s dream and I paid for him to be here. Michael reaches out and takes my hand. 
“I don’t know what’s going on with you, but you are not happy to be here.” Staying on task, I guide us to Frank’s office. Locked, of course. I reach into the side of my Sketchers and pull out a pin I always have on me. “That’s hot,” he says, while checking out my ass.
“Settle down.” We’re in without much trouble. A scattering of mail on the floor is the only mess in the room. Built-in bookshelves make up the walls, all except for a window that looks out on a fountain of a concrete Greek goddess spitting water into a pond of wasted money and wishes. His desk faces the door and not the view. I would never do that, no matter what was on the other side of the window. Something inside me smiles at the thought of such a miniscule thing showing how different we are. 
I bend down and pick up the mail, no doubt giving my babysitter a show. Bills, bills, bills. Why did Frank have his bills sent here? I walk around his desk and plop down in his overpriced Sharper Image leather massage chair. Oh, that pisses me off. 
I tear through the gas bill, $7.63. My parents’ house doesn’t use gas heat. It’s all electric. Idaho Gas and Power, the bill says. This must be my mom’s property. The next bill is for cable and internet. Someone is a big fan of pay-per-view movies. Most of them are boob and ass slapstick stuff. The last bill is from the college, $22,610. Tuition? Was Frank planning to attend? Well, he’s dead, so no way. Great, now I have to go to the main office. 
The file cabinet isn’t locked. My dad's anal retentive ways finally serve a purpose. Every tenant has a file. I pull two, Doris and the Leeds. Then I find the finances folder. I think I need Eddie Park for this part. I gather the files and the Idaho bills, and head to the billing office. I’ll have to come back another time to scour in more depth. It’s too much to take in all at once.
“Hello there, how may I help you?” asks a pretty, middle-aged woman with salt and pepper hair. She wears a hint of makeup, but it’s the details that make her stand out. Turquoise and silver earrings hang down to her shoulders, more of the same around her neck and on her fingers. Her vest looks like something you’d find on a reservation or a little stand on the outskirts of town. 
“My dad got a tuition bill and he’s dead.” 
“Oh dear, I’m sorry for your loss.” I ignore the sentiment and hand her the bill. “So you won’t be attending?”
“It’s not my tuition. I think it’s his.” She studies the bill, then turns to her computer. 
“You’re not CL Beeker?” I think the world just flipped upside down. I also think she’s still talking to me, but I can’t quite hear her. Michael moves in and takes my hand, grounding me. 
“CL Beeker is his son?” 
“No, daughter. She started this summer, which your father already paid for. This is the bill for the fall semester. Maybe your mother should come down and deal with this. Is Lynn available?” 
“Is it listed there that Frank and Lynn are the parents?” I do my best to act like everything isn’t crashing around me, like my parents didn’t have another child they must have actually loved. They’re sending her to school with my money after all. 
“Yes dear. Would you like me to make you a copy?” I know that’s not allowed. She must be one of those special souls who can see anguish no matter the disguise. I hold back the tears and nod my head. “How about the tuition?” she asks passively as if to help me stay calm because she’s calm.
“CL Beeker will have to find other means of payment. Frank’s accounts are closed,” I say in a pained voice. I make it all the way to my car when I hit the wall, the one filled with betrayal, hard hands, and hateful words. 
“Let me in, Maggie.” Michael is standing outside the locked car while I’m in hysterics inside. He’ll just want to comfort me. He’ll want to hold me and it can’t be him, it has to be Damon or no one, and right now, it has to be no one. My parents had a baby together. It had to be after me because my mom was already too young to have me. They kept the girl hidden from the vamps. Why was my mom so capable of selling me and not my baby sister? Not that I would have wanted her sold into this crazy life. 
“Please let me in.” I hear him pleading with me but I can’t do it. Shouldn’t I be thrilled to have a sister? If my parents raised her, and they loved her, they would have shared their hate for me with her. I don’t think I’ll be happy to meet CL Beeker. I’m feeling a great deal of sibling rivalry. 
“Maggie, open the door.” I don’t have to look to know the voice belongs to my boyfriend. Michael must have called him. “Don’t push me away.” I unlock the doors. Strong hands pull me out of the car. “Let me take care of you.” 
A rush of air forces my eyes shut and my head down. He comes to a gentle stop and sets me on my feet in a nature wonderland. I hungrily soak in the various greens of leaves and moss, the blacks and grays of rock and stone, the whites and blues of mountain runoff raging downstream. 
The only sound is my quiet crying and water running over rocks. My eyes fix on the colors. I pretend I’m preparing my palette. I concentrate on how my hand feels mixing hues, the soft bending knife over glass. Soon, I find my calm. It helps that I’m holding Damon’s hand. My body knows him as if we’ve always been together. 
“I have a sister right here. My mom and dad had her after me and hid her away and brought her here from wherever she was stowed away, probably Idaho. My blood paid for her summer classes. It won’t pay for anything else. That’s how petty I am. I don’t know her and I hate her.” 
“It’s honest, not petty. You told me if we didn’t come into the picture you would have been just like them. A part of you knows this girl will be more like them than like you.” He pulls me into his arms. His heart beats so fast. “Michael says you wouldn’t let him in the car.”
“Michael’s my friend, but he’s not you.” Damon’s arms hold me tighter. 
“You’ll never fall for any of it, will you?” I look up at him. “He’s the most charming of all of us and he’s crazy about you. Those cops are human and good people and Leon is powerful, and well, Leon. You only feel this way with me. You pick me.” 
“How can you be so awesome and so silly at the same time? I picked you the first moment you spoke to me. I’d say the first time I saw you, but that falls into cheesy love at first sight business and I’m not going there.” 
“Maggie, I think you just told me you love me?”
“Damon, I think you’re such a girl.” He laughs. I told him I love him the best way I could, and right now, he’ll take it. Best of all he doesn’t say it back. I’m sure I want the words, but I’ve heard many words in my life that I’ve learned to tune out, the only real truth is action. Damon taking care of me is love. It’s all I need right now and I’m not greedy. 
He wraps his arms around me as we stand on the green banks of the fast moving stream for what seems like hours before carrying me home. He says someone will retrieve my car and not to worry, so I don’t. 
The house is empty, but Branden left a note for me. “I’m giving you space. I know you need it right now. I love you.” I’ve felt devastated in the past and only let Branden soothe me after my nightmares. Damon is the first one I’ve let in. I wonder if he knows that. He cooks me dinner again, this time tacos. It’s funny how he picks everyday meals and still manages to knock my freaking socks off. Nothing special but the meat is spicy and the tortillas are almost sweet, and the sauce he made is the kicker. I think that’s what he really knows how to do. I have pop and he has wine. 
“Michael said you were a total kid this morning in the pool with those high school girls. I would’ve loved to have seen it.” 
“Poor sleepy night owl.”
“Does that make you my eager morning mouse?” We sit on the couch until my cell rings. 
It’s Casey from work. “Wanna go out tonight? Some friends of mine are going dancing.” I look at Damon who is ready to go feed. I can see the hunger building. It’s sort of nice that he doesn’t play it off as lust. 
“Sure, where and when?” I get the info and then climb on top of my boyfriend. “You did good today. Thank you. Now you are going to do your thing and I’m gonna do mine.” I lean down to give him a playful kiss, but he pulls me into a full on hands groping the ass, heavy breathing, tongue searching kiss. I climb off a little dizzy. “I’m going to look extra hot tonight because that’s what you’re supposed to do after you feel beat up. Just remember the river bank.” I leave at his knowing smile and take a shower. I’m not dirty, but I feel the dried tears from my breakdown. 
Tonight calls for a dress. I find a black sexy number with a plunging back and a built-in bra that does something spectacular with the boobs. It’s fitted but not tight and runs just below the knee with slits up the sides. This will do. A dab of perfume on the wrists, a solid application of lipstick, and I’m off. 
There are a few hot spots around the college triangle. Raccoon Pete’s is on the outskirts, so we get some of that business. Tonight Casey told me to meet her at a place called Elixir. It’s an all-in-one, food, booze, and dancing. 
I don’t often carry a purse, but tonight Damon insisted I have one equipped with my cell and pepper spray. He told me it will do nothing against a vamp, nothing but turn him on in a bad way, but it will take down a human predator. I have a feeling somewhere off in the distance there’s a Pearl Estates vampire making sure Seth is nowhere in sight. 
I park a couple blocks away, allowing myself a chance to take in the cool night air, cool compared to the heat and humidity of the day. My hair has extra curl to it because of said moisture. There’s a pool hall across the street teeming with big football player looking guys in polo shirts and jeans and girls who look much hotter in either dresses or skimpy shirts and jeans. There are a couple coffee shops, the funky kind that look like in the back you could also do your laundry, sing karaoke, and write amazing sonnets. 
I pass a pizza place with a help wanted sign in the window. Serendipitous. I walk inside. The place is buzzing and the delicious smell has me rethinking my evening’s plans. The big guy in the back does that dough in the air twirl thing. 
“Hello there.” I turn and look at the man behind the counter. His whole face is smiling. In his mid-twenties, cute, brown skin, dark hair and eyes, and a voice with an unfamiliar accent. “Did you dress up for me?” I laugh. This is not a dressed up for clubbing kind of hot spot. The one waitress I see is wearing cutoffs and a T-shirt. The patrons dress a bit nicer, but nothing that says I’m trying to pretty it up after an ugly day. 
“I saw your help wanted sign.” He raises his brow in dramatic fashion. 
“Is this how you go to a job interview? Very smart.” I laugh again. He follows suit. In the background, the kitchen noise mixes with the verbal orders by the waitress and the music that I can barely make out, jazz, funny, my painting music.
“Yes, I’m very smart,” I say playing along. “I have a job, but I wouldn’t mind relocating. Are you still hiring?” He flashes me playful grin and rubs his chin.
“How old are you?”
“How old are you?” I ask back. 
“Do you have a problem with putting out of hand customers in their place?”
“Do you have a problem with the method I choose?”
“Wow, you’re kind of scary.”
“I’ve heard that before. I gotta get going, but if you’re still hiring I’d take an application.” He digs one up from under the counter and walks around to hand it to me. He towers over me despite my killer heels. 
“Looks like you’re pretty tough.” He points with his chin at some of my bruises. “This place can be a lot of fun. It’s fast and loud and the food rocks, but it can wear a sweet thing down into the ground. Some of the customers need to be put in their place. Looks to me like you’re sweet and hard at the same time. Why don’t you come by tomorrow night and test it out? Don’t quit your other job. We’ll feel each other out and go from there.” I’m off all week at Raccoon’s. I think I need to get away from there. Luke was right that I don’t belong there. 
I fold the application and stuff it in my purse. I arrange to be at Rick’s Pizza Pie tomorrow for a trial shift. “Before you go, on the house.” He hands me a slice of pepperoni. I sit right there at the counter and eat. My eyes roll back into my head a few times. My body swivels on the stool. I think I even giggle. Then I notice a few too many eyes watching me eat my slice. “Yeah, um, didn’t expect a show. You really like our food.” I blush. 
“Rick?” I ask. He nods and adds that his last name is Ogo. “I’m Maggie. I’ll see you tomorrow.” I look longingly at my empty plate before heading out.



Twenty
The first thing I notice is the huge crowd of people dancing. The music chimes one thought through my whole body. I want Damon here. I want to let everything go and join the pulsing crowd. I see Casey across the room with a bunch of people who match her, Glacier College preppy. She’s wearing a shiny black skirt and a black blouse. I can see her green bra underneath the ghostly material. She's also the only girl in the group.
“Maggie!” she shouts loud enough I can hear her. Everyone around her winces. “Where have you been?”
“Sorry, got caught up,” trying to get a new job and eating the best pizza ever. She introduces me to her friends. I quickly forget their names. They either stare at her in awe or ogle me with gross heavy sex eyes. I should have stayed at Rick’s.
“Let me get you a drink.” Red flag! Branden’s voice blares in my head, demanding I promise not to take a drink from anyone but the bartender.
“No, I’ll go get it.” Casey frowns, so I take her hand and guide us to the bar. “So which one are you dating?” 
She shakes her head. “None, I brought them for you.” I nearly fall over.
“Casey, I have a boyfriend.” She does this shrug/eye roll thing I fight hard not to imitate. She orders me a rum and Coke and I order me a Mountain Dew and hand her the booze.
We return to our table. A few of my potential dates left to find girls who will return their affection. Good. Two focus on me and do the lean-in-talking maneuver. I hate that. I hate feeling their breath on my skin. Then a hand meets my thigh. I shoot him a look that could kill and when he smiles and slides his hand farther up, I charge to my feet. Girl’s night so far sucks balls.
“What’s wrong with you?” Casey lazily asks. I smile at the little college girl. 
“Not my scene, Case. See you another time, or we could head somewhere else without the handsy one if you like.” Her scoff makes her look twelve, a slutty twelve. I head out and see that Rick’s is still open.
“Tell me you were not stood up looking like that.” 
“Worse, they showed.” I tell him all about my girls’ night gone wrong. “I thought we had a female bonding moment at work. She knew I had a boyfriend. She betrayed the girl code.” 
“The girl code, huh? Well, not everyone lives by a code. And what are you doing going out looking like that without the boyfriend?”
“I’m not clingy. After the day I had I thought I should look pretty.” He leans in like some old-timer bartender.
“What kind of day did you have?”
“Had to go to the overpriced funeral home and tell the guy selling expensive death packages that I just want my dad in a box and dropped in his prepaid plot. Then I went to my dad’s office and found out he had another child I never heard about that he’s putting through school with my money. So it really sucked.” 
“Wow. That’s a bad day. Damn.” Rick goes in the back and comes back with two slices of pizza. “On the house.” I laugh and seize the plate. The place slowly winds down while he tells me all about himself. 
“You’re from Saipan?” 
“You’ve heard of it?”
“Yeah, it’s an island in the South Pacific, part of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. It played a role in World War II with the Japanese. I read that it’s slowly breaking away and one day will slip into the Marianas Trench. The deepest trench in the world!” 
“How do you know this stuff?”
“I did a term paper on WWII. I chose what role the South Pacific played. It’s hard imagining anyone being from there; the island is so tiny.”
“I’m the one and only.” He laughs. “And Guam’s the one that’s gonna fall into the Trench.” He tells me about going to the University of Hawaii and then moving out to Oregon. There’s a large islander presence in the Pacific Northwest, but he didn’t like it there. Then he met a girl from Montana and followed her. After they broke up, he stayed. I finish my two slices by the time he loses steam talking. “Your turn, Maggie.” 
“Oh, no. It’s my bedtime. Thanks for the food. It made my night.” 
“Plain sad if a couple slices made your night when you look like that.” I think of Damon and how I can easily fix that. I slap the counter and give him a big smile. That’s my exit. He’s mildly flirty, but nothing gross, nothing that tells me he’ll stalk around me for the next opportunity to kiss me in the freezer. I think Karl is too much to handle. He cares for me in a way I don’t like. 
Damon’s house is dark, and no one shouts back to my, “Hello, anyone biting?” at my house, so I head straight to Leon’s. Feeding or not, I really want some hot and heavy time with my boyfriend. I barely hear the pulsing music. No one is going in and out. Nerves almost take over. I am voluntarily walking into a house of vampires. I turn the knob and walk in. Two vamps rush me, Michael and Branden. It’s too late. My eyes fix on Damon sitting on the couch with Eddie Park. 
“Wait, don’t hurt him!” I cry out. Leon walks forward, strutting his leader attitude.
“It is not our intention to hurt him. He came to us.” I look at Eddie who won’t look back at me. 
“I made him tell me stuff. It’s not his fault. Please don’t hurt him.” 
“You made him? Now, now Maggie, I understand the reasons, but do not lie straight to my face.” I push myself clear of the vamps surrounding me and rush over to Eddie. I get down on my knees so I can look into his eyes. Vamps close in. Damon takes my wrist, but I ignore him.
“Eddie, what are you doing here?” He finally looks at me with wild, hungry eyes and I see the shadow I failed to notice. My hand is over my mouth unable to fully muffle the scream burning my throat. He closes his eyes on a deep breath and I see his fangs drop. Damon wedges himself in front of me, while Branden and Michael usher the brand new vampire out of the house. I’m hyperventilating.
“He asked for our poison.” Damon is too close for me to think rationally. I push to my feet, keeping my distance from everyone including Laura who’s sitting on the other side of the room, looking prim and proper as always. 
“No, I just talked to him. This isn’t right.”
“He told us about your trips to see him,” Leon says in a bored voice. I want to strangle him, see how bored he is then. “No doubt we’re annoyed about that.”
“Too bad! You know that’s how I am. How could you do this, Leon?” 
“Maggie.” Damon’s one word brings me to tears. Leon did not sire Eddie. I try to run for the door, but my vamp-making boyfriend stops me. “You don’t get to run off again. Last time I nearly lost you. It’s hard to imagine, but Eddie wants this life. We made sure. Please don’t take this the wrong way, but he did it for you.” I shove Damon for that one. “When he saw you, he wanted more time with you. He couldn’t believe you could forgive him, and when you did, he felt the pain of you being in so much danger. He thinks you are and so do we. The way he describes your mother makes all of us think she’s up to something bigger. He wants to stand with us. He wants a family again. He wants to know you.”
“That’s not logical. He’ll live forever. My life is a whisper in all that time.” I hurt Damon with those words. I didn’t mean to. I look at Doc who’s sitting next to Laura and Leon. Finally, I ask. “How does it work, my blood?” 
Doc doesn’t miss a beat. “We go through several processes, eventually making it something we can take orally once a day. We’ve tried spreading out the doses, but your blood for our kind is like the sun for the earth. We feel like we can’t exist without you.”
“Is that emotional or physical?”
“Both.”
“How much of a supply do you have? Does it expire?”
“So far, I haven’t seen that it can expire once it’s transformed into the tabs. We have a stockpile, I’d say five years worth for all of us.” That’s not good enough. “Maggie, don’t burden yourself with this. I’m working on creating a synthetic version.” I can tell by the look in Doc’s eyes he’s nowhere near succeeding. 
“How much can I safely donate every month?” Damon moves back over to me.
“Why are you asking?” I ignore his question.
“Doc, how much?” 
“You could certainly come more often than once a month.”
“Fine, let’s go right now.” I walk toward the door where Leon blocks the way. His eyes have too much emotion for me to handle.
“You’re free, sweet girl. You owe us nothing.” 
“I don’t know about sweet and I don’t know about not owing you. If I ever meet my sister, I have a feeling I’m going to feel very indebted to you for making me different from my parents, so different that they hated me and refused to pass on their evil.” I see the big hug coming, so I sidestep the leader. “Doc, you coming or what?” Then I look back at Damon who’s standing there needing something, needing me to tell him what he did is okay with me. I don’t know if it is, but it doesn’t change anything. “Damon, are you coming or what?” He stares at me, holding me there. Even when I close my eyes, I feel the unrelenting webbing of his gaze. 
“You look amazing by the way.” We’re holding hands on our way to the clinic. “How was it tonight?”
“It was stupid to think I could go to a dance club without you.” He kisses my cheek for that one. “It was more stupid to think that Casey was cool at all. It was a set up.” Damon jerks my arm to a full stop.
“What do you mean?”
“She only invited guys. She knew I was with you. One of them felt me up. So I left.” Not the right thing to tell a possessive vampire who’s totally into me. Now Doc has his tray ready and a gleam in his eyes. Damon is brooding until Doc puts me in position. Then the boyfriend showers me with small kisses as Doc does his thing perfectly and without inflicting any pain. 
“You’re amazing,” Damon says in my ear as his hand runs through my hair. 
“Are you just dating me for my awesome blood?” 
“No, I’m dating you for your body, too.” He crooks me a devilish smile. The next thing I know his lips are kissing the overflow cleavage the sexy dress provides. Doc smacks the rubber gloves off his hands and pitches them into the trash.
“Okay Maggie, thank God you are done now. I can’t take anymore of this foreplay. You two are driving us crazy. Stay here for a bit. No fornicating in my clinic.” I like Doc I decide. While we wait, I talk all about Rick’s Pizza. 
“I know that guy. He’s good people. He’ll have a crush on you for sure, but he wouldn’t dare grope you in the walk-in freezer. Yeah, work there.” I laugh.
“I have my try out tomorrow night.” I tell him about Michael at the funeral home and his little Marta feeding excursion with Eunice.
“What if I had gone with you? Would you let me have a little Marta?” 
“Sure, not Michael-style, no romping, just drinking.” 
“That’s still pretty understanding. What if the girl is really hot?” He’s holding my hand to his lips and acting like this is a game.
“I guess that’s my question for you. Does it matter if the girl is hot? What if the Marta is a guy?” 
“You’re not playing along. You’re being too logical.”
“Don’t break my heart. Don’t give me reason not to be logical. Tell me right now if I’m being naive.” 
“Always to the point. If Marta is a guy, I’ll do my best to control myself.” We both laugh. That night he takes me home and climbs under the covers with me. The heat between us is there, but something else takes over the moment we’re in bed together, my need for comfort after a hard day and his need to take care of me. He pulls me into his body and I fall asleep in his arms. Every sigh and deep breath feels like a whisper of his love for me. 

Thursday greets me with rain, looming gray skies, and three eager teens standing on my front porch dressed to get their asses kicked in the pool. I let them in. My hair is pointing in every direction. My monster trucks shirt and red panties aren’t quite visitor attire. The house fills with young energetic chatter. 
“Do you live here all by yourself?” asks Char.
“No, she lives with her gay best friend.” Wow Millie. “He’s so cute.” Yes, Branden is cute. 
“What about that Mike guy yesterday?”
“Not her boyfriend. Doris says her boyfriend beat out all the other guys.” That Doris is sure good at listening and talking.
“Come on, dish. Does he live here, too?” I like Mac.
“He has his own house, but he stays over sometimes.” Their eyes go wide.
“Oh my God, is he here now?”
“Sleeping,” I say to an overeager Char.
“You guys are totally doing it.” I laugh until I cry.
“We haven’t done it yet. We’re pacing ourselves.” Confusion blankets all their young faces.
“I thought girls like you have sex all the time,” says Mac.
“Girls like me? Slutty?”
“No, hot.” Oh.
“I’m a virgin.” If you ever want to shut up a bunch of chatty teenagers, I have the secret. 
The room is completely quiet until Mac swallows hard, which I could hear. “Me, too.” I thought that was a given. She’s a kid, but she makes it sound like top-secret information. The other girls chime in with the same confession. I left high school at sixteen and got my GED, maybe I missed a different kind of pressure to grow up.
“I don’t plan on being a member of our untouched club for long.” They laugh. Then they poke and prod for details about my relationship with Damon. “To be completely cheesy, and this is privileged, I’ll kick all your asses if this gets out or gets to Damon.” They nod as if they’re signing a blood oath. “I feel like if I had never met him I would have died never knowing that kind of love. I would have gone to my grave with a small empty heart. Each time he touches me, every part of my being aches for more.” The girls have dreamy looks on their faces and, I think, so do I. “God, enough of this mushy shit. It’s time to school you girls in the pool again.” 
I run upstairs to change. As soon as I open the door, a hot hand pulls me in. Damon’s eyes are wet and full of emotion. Oh, crap. He kisses me hard, the kind of kiss that makes me forget the teens downstairs and everything else. When he pulls away, I’m out of breath and still wanting more of him, his taste, so addictive, his scent, like sex and candy, his touch, tickling and electrifying. 
“You’re supposed to be sleeping the day away, vampire,” I say in a flirty, embarrassed whisper. 
“I know, but who can sleep through those girls in the house?” True. 
“Sorry to wake you.” He laughs. I’m trying to play off that I didn’t just profess my most intimate feelings for him. He lets me. “I have a pool playdate.” He reluctantly releases me, and right in front of him, I change my clothes. He watches intently. “Go back to sleep. Michael is probably on duty.” I take his hand and kiss his knuckles, mesmerized by the shiver that runs through him. 
The pool play is exactly the same only Millie and Char try to be clever during the chicken fights with leg sweeps under water. Mac and I still annihilate them. Put two redheads together and you can’t win. Mac is a true redhead. I’m more of a tentative one, with reddish brown hair. She has the freckles and gray eyes. I have the sharp blue eyes and the fair skin that goes rosy with the slightest charge of emotion. We have pizza and pop again mainly because they deliver. Michael seems to be enjoying himself just as much as yesterday. 
After my shower, I get a call from Officer Brown. He and Curtis want to meet me for coffee. It’s a perfect day for a hot mocha, a rare indulgence. Jeans, a powder blue sweater, and a pair of boots and I’m ready to hit the day. It’s unseasonably cool out, in the seventies, but compared to the heat we’ve been sweating in this summer, it feels downright arctic. 
“You look very pretty, Maggie.” I expect that from Michael, but all he did when he saw me coming down the stairs was smile and kiss my forehead. Officer Curtis' compliment throws me off balance. I nod and hurry to order my drink. “How are you? You look like you’re doing well.” I think that’s another compliment. Knock it off. 
“What’s going on?”
“They’re putting your father’s murder investigation on the back burner until something turns up.”
“You mean someone.”
“The trail is cold. We can’t find either of the Leeds brothers or their parents. We executed a search of their house. No one’s been there in days. Your mom’s gone off the grid. She takes after your grandfather. The DC cops told me he was wanted for serious crimes decades ago and disappeared to avoid arrest, until you found him two years ago.” 
“Yeah, that went well,” I say bitterly as I sip my perfect mocha. I’m half-tempted to kiss the barista. “You won’t find her then. She’s just like him.” Brown looks up from his black coffee. I wonder if he ordered the plainest most grown up thing to drink because he’s on duty.
“Luke and my sister miss you. Andy seems to know you should be there spending time with him.” I lean back in my chair. This little cop visit sucks.
“I’m a mess of a person. I should keep my world away from theirs.” He shakes his head and actually reaches across the table to take my hand. I don’t jerk it away, but I can’t stop staring at the bold move.
“Then you’ll be alone. It’s not right keeping yourself from the world. You’re too good.” Michael strolls over. Brown lets go and nods in Michael’s direction. Curtis decides to take the reins. 
“Don’t worry. We’ll still be looking for your mom and the Leeds family. And we’ll keep looking in on you.” They take off shortly after, leaving me sitting with Michael. 
“Not used to the loving approach, are you?” I shake my head. No, I’m used to brazen men, not men like Matt Brown who actually care.
We sit there with me sipping my mocha and Michael talking about his most recent conquest, a girl he met after the drama of me finding Eddie Park recently changed into a vampire. I blush a few times much to his amusement. Then his phone goes off.
“Hello there, Eunice . . . I remember you. Yes, that would be fun . . . Oh, I’ll tell her.” I don’t want to know. I’m sure of it, either part of the conversation, the would be fun part or the tell her part, her being me. 
“Nope, Michael. Don’t want to hear it.” The last bit of my drink is cold and far less awesome. 
“Sorry, I’m telling you anyway. He was your dad. Even the vamps that hunted their fathers still went to their funerals.” What kind of fucking talk is that? Not a pep one or a comfort one? I guess it’s a vampire talk. “Your dad is going in the ground in twenty minutes. There’s a tiny service at the grave site, it’s customary.” 
“Comes with the purchase of the casket. One stupid ornate box for a few thousand dollars and a free priest reciting bullshit?”
“Dark, Maggie. I think that’s why I like you so much.” I ignore him and dig out my Tic Tacs. I never have coffee without them. Only thing, I pop the tiny mints into my mouth like chain smokers light up cigarettes. Not wanting to argue or really talk about the dead fake dad, I drive us to the cemetery. I’ve never been. No one I knew ever died, aside from my grandpa. 
Huge cast iron gates surround hills of stones that go on forever, an amusement park of the dead. Trees and flowering bushes intermingle with statues of angels and generic white men. I see all of this from the parking lot because that’s where I’m trapped.
“I can’t, Michael.” I barely get the words out between feeling like I’m going to hurl and feeling like I’m going to break into another hysterical crying fit. Just being here must have been concession enough for Michael, because he doesn’t press. He reaches out and holds my clammy hand. It wasn’t until his touch that I realized I was shivering. I’m somewhere between being sad that Frank’s dead and raging mad that he hated me so much. After a few minutes, I decide not sad, not at all. He wasn’t my real father. He hit me all the time, and told me I was nothing. He’s worthy of a pine box, but no, he gets an upgrade. He’s dead and still poaching my blood money. We sit there for an hour, the whole time Michael holds my hand and doesn’t say a word. Finally, I’m ready to go to Frank’s stone, but I insist on going alone. 
I walk the hilly maze of marble and nice landscaping to where Michael told me my fake dad now lives forever. No one is around. The drum of an industrial lawn mower sounds off in the distance and far at the other end, I see an old woman bending over a stone. 
“Frank C. Beeker, loving husband and father.” If I were Superman, I would crush the marble into dust and rock. Instead, I kick the fresh pile of dirt.
“Frank, you were a son of a bitch. You’re good and dead and I’m not the least bit missing you. The world is a better place with you in the dirt. Too bad you’re in a watertight box, because you could at least contribute as worm food, you know, give back, you selfish mean bastard. I never loved you, never will. I hope there is no rest for you and when mom dies I hope she goes to her own private hell so you two will never live happily ever after.” 
“It would make for an interesting epitaph.” I turn to see Officer Brown. Leaning against a tree a few feet away is Officer Curtis. 
“It would be an honest one. Sure, he was a good husband, but good father? Well, maybe to his other daughter.” Brown’s eyes narrow and he steps toward me.
“Maggie, what are you talking about?” How do they not know? I tell them about my dad’s office at Glacier and his daughter enrolled there. “This is the sort of thing we asked you to tell us about, this being your dad’s office. You’re insufferable. With all that beauty and fierceness, you really piss me off, Maggie.” 
“You’re not the first one to be mad at me,” I say without much emotion. Brown closes the distance between us. 
“Can you just try to stay out of danger?” He doesn’t reach out for me, but his eyes wash over me like he just took me in a huge infatuated cop embrace.
“Doubt it.” I laugh. It seems fitting to laugh at Frank’s grave. “He has a son, too,” I say. I don’t know why, I just don’t want the information in my head anymore. “Took the kid long ago and stashed him in Alaska somewhere. I’ve never seen or spoken to him. I’m not supposed to know. Maybe you could find something in his office.” 
“He wasn’t a good man all the way through, was he?” I shake my head. “And somehow you came out of it.” 
“Don’t be so enamored. You just said I piss you off more than anything. I’m not a very nice person. I would spit on this man’s grave if I was a spitter and I believe wholeheartedly he got what he deserved, not the wife cheating part. I still can’t believe it. Maybe you got it wrong. But my mom’s ring was right there next to Jake’s bed.” Next thing I know hard hands are shaking me and Michael is moving in.
“You went into their house? You’re going to get yourself killed. Do I have to lock you up to protect you?”
“I would like you to take your hands off her now.” Michael’s tone is just short of dangerous, but it works. Brown releases me and then looks shocked that he grabbed me at all. Shock quickly turns to remorse. 
“Hey, don’t worry about it,” I say as his face shows he didn’t mean to lose his temper and especially with me who’s seen too much violence. “You didn’t come close to scaring me or hurting me. I know a caring touch that’s in distress versus one out to cause harm. So get over it.” He steps away and starts pacing.
“What did her ring look like?” I describe it to him. He stops pacing. “We didn’t catalog an emerald ring. I was there and scoured every inch of the boys’ rooms and I didn’t see it. Doris mentioned something about a young girl skulking around. She failed to tell me about you going there, but she wouldn’t do that. She cares about you. Apparently you helped her granddaughter with a bullying problem.” 
The hour-long reprieve from the rain ends with an epic downpour. Michael grabs my hand and runs us back to the car, but it does no good, we’re soaked through and something about a vampire trying to get out of the rain has me in hysterics. We fumble to get in the car. I’m laughing my ass off. It’s the best way to leave Frank’s grave. 
“Good thing the rain came. I’m pretty sure Officer Brown was about to hug you.” 
“Stop teasing. He’s in uniform anyway. I don’t think they’re allowed to hug.” Now he’s the one who’s laughing.
“Please, please elaborate,” he says between roars.
“He’s wearing a gun and that baton thing and pepper spray. If he hugs a person, isn’t he risking one of his weapons being swiped and used against him? I figure it’s part of the training, don’t hug in uniform.” He takes my hand to his lips. Without thinking, he kisses my knuckles. 
“Don’t worry, even Damon wouldn’t begrudge me this.” He must have noticed my reaction when his hot lips met my skin. “Better drive home. Even though you look like a drowned puppy, I’m feeling quite amorous right now. I think I’ll give our little funeral home Marta a call.” I laugh, shaking off any lingering tension from his kissing lips. 
Michael takes his leave with a naughty grin. I head to my room where a blond vamp is sleeping in my bed. I strip down to my bra and panties. It’s a simple cotton day for me, no lace. 
“Get in here,” he grumbles with his eyes shut. I climb under the covers where he wastes no time. He pulls me on top of him. His mouth finds mine without missing even though his eyes are still closed. 
We start with soft kisses. His tongue grazes mine, just a tease or maybe a lure. His hands run over my back and down, under my panties, over my curves. The more he feels me, the deeper the kiss becomes until I’m turned over, fast and focused. His chest roars, a primal call for more than he can find in our kiss. I’m searching too, more of him, his taste, his love. He presses his body between my legs, slowly grinding against me, moaning at the heat and friction created.
The holdout plan was a sweet idea. I reach into his boxers, boldly gripping what I want. His eyes fly open and they’re wild, hungry-wild. I stop stroking and automatically start to take my hand back. “No. Don’t stop, please.” 
His eyes stay on me. His fangs drop and I stop again. He shakes his head and wraps his big hand around my grip. Our bodies move in time with our hands. “Oh, wow.” I don’t mean to say anything, but it was that or turn into a cheerleader and bounce around the fucking room. He’s beautiful like this, a vulnerable predator. I bring out his weakness. He brings out my fear. We continue to stroke.
“Like that,” he whispers close enough to my ear I think I feel his fangs. My instant spike of fear pushes us further, his fight, my fear, our love; he explodes with an uncontrolled moan. I want to shout until I’m horse, Yes, yes, hell yes! It doesn’t matter that this was his moment and not mine, it felt like he was the one bringing me to orgasm and not the other way around. 
The dangerous glint in his eyes eventually fades, bringing my old Damon back into the room with me. “Take a shower with me,” I say completely giddy and nervous as hell at the prospect of seeing him naked. I figure I have to wait until we’re both in the water. In the movies, guys always strip as fast as possible and dive under the covers or hop into the shower. 
Damon climbs out bed, pulls off his underwear, and holds out his hand for me to join him.
“You are such a pretty shade of red, Maggie.” 
The sinuousness of his form has me imagining a brush in my hand, capturing every crevice and shadow, every hard and soft edge of his shoulders and chest. The fine line of hair running down his tight abs, past his belly button is so damn sexy. I ignore his waiting hand and follow the trail with my eyes. He laughs and lets me have my fill.
Unable to say anything, I reach back and unhook my bra. His turn to blush, except he doesn’t. Mr. Experienced and Impatient pulls me to my feet. “I love this so much,” he says, echoing my exact sentiments the last time we were hot and heavy. 
This time he makes sure it’s my turn, and not just with his fingers, which send me into fiery storms of bliss, but with the way he washes me, the way his hands soap my body. He doesn’t say much other than an occasional compliment that makes me blush. Then he compliments the blushing. It’s my all-time favorite shower.

I make Damon one of my classic grilled ham and cheese sandwiches, simple but good. I always toss cheese in the pan at the end because the crispies are the best part.
After I inhale my food, I slap my hands down on the table. “I have a job to try out for.” Branden is sitting with us enjoying one of my sandwiches. He’s so thrilled at the prospect of me quitting Raccoon’s, he follows Damon and me up to my room.
I go for jeans and a black Metallica shirt. It’s one of my softest tees. “On the one hand, I’m pleased you’ve given up your sad attempts at looking slutty for better tips. On the other, I’m not sure it’s healthy for you to continue this T-shirt fetish of yours.” I flip Branden off. He acts out a scene where he attacks my closet with a knife Psycho style. I give my boyfriend a kiss goodbye and whisper in his ear that I’m glad he didn’t bite me earlier. He finally blushes! So hot. 
I park a couple blocks away and get a call from Doris. I give all tenants my cell number for emergencies. I hope that’s not why she’s calling. 
“Maggie, I just saw your mom at the Leeds’ house. She’s gone now, but she was in some kind of mood. She was with a man. I know I’ve seen him before, but I’m terrible with faces unless I know them. She has the look of death in her eyes. You watch your back.” 
“Did you call Curtis or Brown?” There’s a long pause and I think I should repeat myself.
“No, I don’t think they can handle your mom. Besides, the dark-haired one has puppy dog eyes for you. I’m not helping him out any. He’s not right for you. He wants a nice girl who needs a hero. You’re the hero, Maggie. Remember that.” I want to laugh, but her words reach inside and find a warm place to settle. 
“Doris, you stay out of my mom’s way. And tell Millie I said rematch.” She laughs an old happy one.
“Yes dear, the girls have certainly taken a liking to you.” 
“I’m out of Jolly Ranchers. I’ll be by soon. Bye, Doris.”
“Love you.” I almost cry. I put my phone away and close my eyes, settling myself in the here and now, on my way to try out for a new job. Part of me knows it’s only to get my hands on free pizza. That makes me smile and I’m ready.



Twenty-one
“Metallica? This is a far cry from the up the thighs, down the back, and I won’t even mention the cleavage, dress you were wearing last night.” I give Rick a big grin instead of the finger. It’s nice to walk in and not be assaulted with bartender hate. This is downright playfulness. 
“Is there a uniform?”
“If you make the cut, I’ll give you a handful of shirts with my name on them. I hope your boyfriend can handle me all over your chest.” 
“He doesn’t share, so I guess you two will have to work it out.” He smiles with a wink, and then walks me through the ins and outs. Today the pizza cook is a big brown guy a little older than Rick. So what, late twenties?
“I’m Jesse. Don’t call me Jesus or Junior. If my kid brother isn’t hiring the crazy-eyed girls, he’s hiring the sweet girls, but they whine and wimp out.” 
“I’m not sure about the crazy-eyed part, but don’t call me sweet. I work at Raccoon Pete’s. I think I can handle this place.” Their eyes go wide.
“You work there? She’s tough enough.” Jesse elbows me hard, but in a camaraderie kind of way. “I heard about a guy who grabbed a waitress’s boob and got kneed in the nuts, then she took the beer out of his hand and poured it on his head.”
“It was his friend’s beer.” That happened on my second day there. 
“Oh snap, Rick, you hired yourself a fighter. This is gonna be fun.” 
We leave Jesse to his dough rolling/tossing trick and head further into the kitchen. The floor is tiled and shiny. The fridges are organized and clean. A middle-aged petite woman attends to the industrial dishwasher and wall of sinks. She has very good hair genes with lustrous shiny black curls swept up in a plastic red clip. Her face could pass for younger, maybe forties, but her eyes, the sweet fan of wrinkles tell a tale of years under her belt. She lights up when she sees Rick. The love that pours out of her makes me take a step back. That’s true-blue mom love right there. He walks up to her and gives her a big hug.
“Maggie, this is my mom. We tell her to step away from the dishes, but it’s hard bossing your mom around. You know how it is.” Um, yeah. Mom get over here and tell me everything you know about the wannabe slayers, my real dad, my stupid sister, and maybe my stepbrother, and then go see Laura so she can drain you on the spot.
“You can call me Madre.” I test her name in my head, rolls off the imaginary tongue better than calling Lynn Beaker Mom. “You look a bit weathered my darling.” She’s scanning the faint bruising on my neck and face.
“Madre!” Rick exclaims. I smile. She’s an outspoken little lady. 
“I’ve seen a few storms,” I say. She smiles and pats me on the arm.
“I think you have. More than my boys can imagine by the fight in your eyes.” 
“Madre, come on.” She pats her son’s chest and sends us out of her domain. I gladly leave the dishwashing section. 
“I have to tell you that I’ll do dishes if it really needs to be done, but I said goodbye to that job when I was sixteen.” 
“Yeah, that’s something I’ve been turning around in my head. You said your dad was sending your secret sister to college on your dime. If you have that kind of loot, why are you out looking for jobs that don’t pay much and can make an average person run for the hills with tears in her eyes?
“I may still do the running thing. I can be pretty girly.” I try to play it off, but he patiently waits for me to clear up his confusion. “I’m loaded, I believe. I own a bunch of houses, a whole mini-town in fact, and I don’t know what else. I have a trust fund, but I never touch it. Hard work makes sense to me. That’s all I will say about it. You can see for yourself what kind of worker I am.” He offers a slight head bow and continues the tour. 
The bathrooms are nice and clean. The men’s has a couple Picasso Blue Period prints in frames. The women’s restroom has a few Georgia O’Keeffe prints, her more sexual flower paintings. I silently curse the blush heating my cheeks. Rick notices and laughs. “Oh man, I didn’t take you for an innocent. Damn.” Just freaking great. 
He hands me a black food server’s apron and runs through restaurant policy. “Maggie, I take care of my own. If someone is harassing you, let me know.” I shake off the cozy feeling his words inspire. “We serve beer on tap, but it’s up to you to card. The kids around here think they own any place they walk into. If you think the ID is fake, refuse to serve them alcohol. If one person orders a beer, everyone at the table has to be legal. That’s the rule here. I can serve whomever I want. If they don’t like it, screw ‘em.” I accidentally repeat his words in a cheer. Jesse’s laugh is almost as pitchy as Branden’s.
The rest of the job is self-explanatory. Bus and wipe down tables when they need it, take the dirty dishes to the back, and keep the customers’ beverages coming. I know that one by heart. Rick shows me how to use the tap so that the beers aren’t too foamy. 
A group of four hearty men walks in all loud and proud. Two of them rub their bellies when they take in the aroma of Jesse’s creations. “They seat themselves,” Rick says as his last bit of trainee info. 
“Get busy, Jesse,” one of the men says before they settle into a booth. I walk up with menus (I’m sure they don’t need) and waters (they probably won’t drink).
“You’re new and adorable.” I’ve never been adorable. He may think this because I haven’t opened my mouth yet.
“So are you.” They howl. They each order a personal pie with toppings I’d never eat. One guy wants broccoli on his pizza and I’m partly offended.
“You don’t approve?” says the broccoli guy. I must have accidentally shown my displeasure.
“I’m a terribly judgmental person, and you just ordered a vegetable that most kids stuff in their napkins under the table at dinnertime. But don’t mind me, who needs a mouthy waitress telling them bad job ordering?” 
“I think she’s a keeper, Rick.” They order beers and garlic bread. By the time their pies are in the oven, I have three more tables. Each one is of the local variety, down to earth and fun to wait on. It isn’t until the four booming men are elbow deep in their personals that a quartet of preppy college boys walks in, clearly from Glacier. I motion for them to find a seat. Right off the bat, I see they’re going to be difficult.
“You’re not going to personally see us to our table?”
“Sure, you find one and I’ll see you from here,” I say with a wink. Rick walks up to me and turns his back to the room.
“This group has been warned. If you have any problems, you come and get me. My people don’t get grabbed.” I smile. No strings attached protectiveness, I could get used to this.
“Thanks Rick. Don’t let the blushing in the girl’s bathroom fool you. I’m a hard core girl.” He laughs. Jesse overhears me and laughs too.
“Like this one,” he says as he magically tosses dough in the air. If I get this job, I wonder if he’ll show me how to do that. The sound of finger snaps is quickly followed by several variations of, “Miss? Pretty Miss? Waitress Girl?” The burlies with the personals are half way through their pies and are just about ready for beer refills. I hit the annoying preppy table first and the games begin.
“Metallica, you’re fresh off the boat, aren’t you?” I distribute their waters and menus and ask if they want to order any appetizers. I suggest garlic bread with cheese and brown sugar, weird, but it smells amazing. No takers on the bread. My sales pitch needs work.
All the tables are content, leaving me the preppy boys who are still mulling over their menus. They snap their fingers again. Rick’s body betrays his calm exterior with the slightest twitch in his hands. I want to be a smart ass and tell them it takes more than a couple fingers to make me come, but that’s best saved for Damon, a challenge if you will. Oh, Damon. I feel the heat rush to my face just thinking about him. On that note, I bounce over to the Glacier boys’ table.
“We were thinking that if we order you a pizza you could join us.” 
“Working and not my type.”
“Oh really, don’t you think that’s a bit rude?”
“We could go into it if you like, but take a deep breath. The food is amazing, better than arguing with your waitress. So what can I get you?” They order a basic all meat pie and a more gourmet one with portobello mushrooms and prosciutto. As I walk away, the leader of the boys, the talker anyway, grabs my arm and pulls me close. 
“It’s not a good idea being rude to us.”
“It’s not a good idea, for so many reasons, to put your hand on me. You have that whole big guy thing going, but I have that whole lived-a-mother-fucking-hard-life thing. I don’t take it anymore. I kind of go nuts. I’m creative, too. I see a fork and someone hurting me and I think, fork/eye.” My voice is low and dangerous. Visibly shaken, he releases me. I know I didn’t flash my fangs, humans do nothing for the sleeping vampire inside me, but I may as well have. “All right, then,” I say in a fake chipper voice. 
“I’ll get your pizza order to Jesse in a jiffy.” I hand Jesse the order and he just stares at me. I walk by Rick who stares, too. Did I flash some fang? The first table is ready for their bill and they just stare, too. Shit, did I flash fang?
“Man, I’ve been in some fights little girl, and you’re kind of scary.” I laugh. 
“Yeah, I’ve been in some fights, too.” 
“Bet you won.”
“Still kicking,” I say as I flash them a big smile and gather their cash and debit cards. The place continues to fill up and I continue to do my thing. The Glacier boys get their food and leave me alone. A group of chatty girls comes in, cute and glossy. They shine and glimmer everywhere. The music changes constantly with no real theme. Island tunes are followed by Nine Inch Nails, which then jumps to old school Johnny Cash. 
“By law, I’m supposed to tell you to take a break.” I laugh as I scan the room. All fifteen tables and three stools at the counter are occupied. I’ve only stayed afloat because Rick’s been bringing out food and drinks and running credit cards.
“You’ve done your duty. Now cut the crap. I’ve been doing this long enough. I don’t smoke, so I don’t need a smoke break. I don’t drink, so I don’t need a shot. As soon as there’s a moment, I’ll get a Mountain Dew and a slice of Jesse’s pepperoni magic and I’m good.” He nods in a good soldier way. I nod back the same way, leaving us both grinning. I want to work here.
The place is compact, which only aids in containing all the wonderful aromas, smoking bell peppers with sizzling red onions, marinated portobello mushrooms with spicy Italian sausage. Booths line the walls, orange seats and teal tabletops. Stationed in the middle, are three four tops and one lone table for two. Tiffany-style stained glass lights hang from the ceiling, offering a pretty show of colors dancing on the white floor. The door is red, made of heavy wood with a brass bell at the top. Each clang adds to the chattering customers, the kitchen noise, and the weird music mix. I love this place. There’s no Jim, no fixated Karl and his bag of worms, no guy-fixing-up Casey, and no Raccoon’s. 
“Amarillo Sour.” The woman ordering has on an ultra electric blue satin dress that runs down, down, down. I actually see her belly button. The length is short enough I could probably see it from the other direction. Her once-upon-a-time brunette hair is frosted to something unnatural. Her lipstick is thick and too pink for her fake tan. The only thing going for her is that she’s actually pretty, just in dire need of a makeover. What she really needs is to be kidnapped by experts who can go through her closet and burn everything, who can go to her tanning salon and force them to ban her for life, and who can cut off all her hair so she can start over. 
“Beer, water, or pop,” I say matter of fact. I think she would have preferred some ass kissing. 
“That’s not what I want.” 
“I think that’s a Rolling Stone’s song.” She glares. Her date moves around in his seat uncomfortably. He looks like he’s been set up on a blind date, blind being the operative word. Whoever thought this Dockers and John Deer T-shirt wearing guy with glasses and a cute face fit with this Barbie-gone-wrong had to be blind . . . and mean. 
“Ron, I want to leave.” Ron, oh that’s too bad. What is up with parents screwing their kids from the get-go? 
I’m standing there personally wanting to help her out the door when he casually leans forward. “Lisa, the food smells great. You can stay or go. Up to you.” I do my best to keep a straight face and I do a good job, too. I don’t even raise my eyebrows. On the inside, I’m jumping around, cheering him on, doing a dance with snapping fingers. 
Lisa on the other hand isn’t holding anything back. She jumps to her feet and flips Ron off. Nothing about her is pretty when she does that. Her lips curve into an ugly joker smile and her eyes narrow into slits. I hope that’s not her intimidating look. All I want to do flip her off the right way. 
“Ron, I like you already. Beer, water, or pop?” He laughs and orders a beer on tap. He has a Colgate commercial smile. His hair follows suit, sandy blond, cut slacker-messy short. He has bronze-colored eyes that sparkled when he leaned forward to tell his all-wrong-Barbie she could stay or go. I’m impressed when he orders a large veggie pizza and hits it like he can pack the whole thing away. 
Ron’s the tail end of a three-hour rush. That’s my cue to take a break. Before I do, I head to the back and check on Madre. “I’m about to take my break. Would you like any help?” She looks back at me with sweat on her brow and slumped shoulders. Yes, she would like help. “You first then.” I point to the door with my chin, signaling her to get out of my way and out of the kitchen. I learned to do this much-disliked task quickly and efficiently. It’s hard to unlearn a system when it’s your bread and butter in a big expensive city. Fifteen minutes later and I have the stack of dishes managed. 
“If you grew up so rich, where did you develop this work ethic?” I look up from my amazing slice of pie and take a quick peek over my shoulder to make sure Ron is still doing okay. He nods and I look back at Rick.
“My parents had money, I did not. I left at sixteen and moved to New York. You develop a work ethic fast when you’re hungry.”
“You said it was your money.” 
“Yeah, I just learned that after my dad was murdered.” His eyes go wide. Jesse’s too. Madre sits in one of the booths with her feet up and eyes closed. She works too hard, but I’m not telling her to take it easy. 
“You’re kidding, right?” I shake my head and take a swig of my pop. I notice Ron finishing the last of his beer. I swivel around and head over there.
“Good job on the pizza. I’m impressed, not with the selection. I mean, come on, veggie?” He laughs.
“You don’t approve? You’re a very opinionated waitress.”
“Yeah, not just waitress.” 
“I take it you’re a meat eater?” Rick chokes on his drink overhearing that one. Smooth Ron doesn’t blink, and now I’m thinking the Dockers and glasses are a smoke screen. He's a player. 
“Are you flirting with me?” I ask, doing my best to play along without getting played and without leading him on. 
“You’re hard to flirt with. I saw a couple guys compliment you. The way you shot them down was masterful.” He pulls his wallet out of his back pocket, throws four twenties on the table, and stands up. “I knew the date was going to be awful, you know how setups go, but I had no idea I would have such a good time tonight.” He bows, which doesn’t fit his look. We all watch him walk out the door, including Madre. I’m pretty sure he was flirting and it was weird flirting. I return to my slice that has doubled since I left my seat. 
“Thanks, Jesse.” He tips his spatula at me. Rick is enjoying a beer and Madre is still in the same position. 
“What do you think?” Rick asks.
“Love it.” When he smiles, I can almost see his island home of aqua water and glittering white beaches. All night I’ve stolen glimpses of Rick, mostly snapshots of his hands. He moves with purpose and grace, never once revealing some hidden jagged personality trait. I’m ready to do more than submerge myself in chaos and noise in the hopes my time in my grandfather’s basement will fade away. I feel like I can think here and I’m ready to think again.
“Great, go quit your other job and join us. We’ve never operated so smoothly.” Now all I have to do is talk to Karl. It’s just after 10:30 p.m. He’ll still be there. 
Rick and I work out that I will work four nights a week, Wednesday through Saturday. But not this weekend. The girl I’m replacing has two more shifts of her two-week notice. 
I spend the next thirty minutes cleaning up, finishing dish duty for a tired Madre, and prepping the pizza boxes for the next day. Rick said he takes care of the bathrooms and floors, which is kind of cool. Before I’m out the door, Madre reminds her sons that one of them has to walk me to my car. Jesse volunteers.
“You’re the first one to get Madre to leave that damn dishwasher.” Jesse starts going on about the girl I’m replacing. She had a bad crush on Rick and started acting jealous over every girl who looked his way including customers. So they generously gave her two weeks. “But you don’t look at him like that at all. All the girls go nuts around him.” I hear the sadness in his voice. Jesse is a big man. He walks girls to their cars and loves his job. He’s one of those people with a million stories. Funny, sad, dirty, he can talk.
“Rick has the whole brown skin, dark hair and eyes, fit body look going for him. He’s nice and I can tell bratty, but he’s just a guy. Like all guys, there’s a girl who fits just right, more than one even. You’re like that, too. You’ve got your size to you, but that’s not a hindrance, think of it as weeding out the assholes.” His hardy laugh matches his body so perfectly I laugh right along with him. 
My cell vibrates at my hip. I haven’t assigned ringtones yet and the private number fills me with dread. I answer to dead silence on the other end. The quiet feels too much like a dark room.
“Mags?” Shit. It’s my mom. I hoped it was a crafty telemarketer. “Thank you for burying your father.” I want to scream.
“Mom, the police say you were sleeping with Jake. They think you helped kill dad.”
“They can’t figure that one out, huh?” Bitch.
“Did you send him to the house to kill me?”
“Thought I would chicken out if I tried to do it myself.” 
“Did you tell him to be creative or just up and slash my throat? Because he tried the creative approach.” She actually chuckles. I can’t believe I’m not screaming yet.
“Considering what you are, your end should be terrible.”
“You’re a very bad mom. He told me he killed Frank, you know.”
“Don’t call him Frank.”
“He told me he killed the dead son of a bitch.” Click. It’s a new phone, but that doesn’t stop me from slamming it against the wall and breaking it into tiny metal bits. 
Jesse simply stares at my best impersonation of a girl having a nervous breakdown. “Your mom sent someone to kill you creatively?”
“Looks like it. God, she sucks!” He’s gaping now while I’m still fuming at the mere sound of her voice. What nerve to call me to thank me for putting the SOB in the ground.
“Your mom?” he says freaked out. 
“By the look on your face no one’s ever tried to kill you. Jeez.” I try to laugh it off, but I really want to wash my ears out with a toxic solvent and a bristle brush. We’re at my car and I’m wishing I hadn’t just demolished my phone. Especially since it was a gift from Branden after possessive vampire Seth turned mine into dust. 
“Come back inside and stay with us until you calm down. I can see how upset you are. How could you not be? Was she taunting you or something?” 
“Thanking me for burying my dad. She really did love him, which means there’s no way she was sleeping with Jake. I just can’t see it. None of it makes any sense.” 
“It’s not your job to make sense of it.”
“It is my job. She’s my mom. There’s a puzzle here. She’s baiting me. So yeah, she was calling me to taunt me.” 
“Is this real life for you, because this is some crazy shit?” 
“Reconsidering hiring me?” 
“Hell no, I’m just wondering if I need to bring a gun with me when I walk you to your car in the future.” I laugh, not a bad idea.
“Thanks for the escort, Jesse. One day a cute girl will walk into the pizza place. She’ll be hot in a smart cute girl way, with dark hair and light skin and I’m thinking hazel eyes. You’ll be a smart ass and she’ll think you’re cute and then in no time she’ll be rubbing your belly and staring off into your dark, pretty eyes.” I pat him on the arm while he grapples with my sweet future tale that sounds just right for him. 
“You just got a sort of death threat from your mom and you try to make me feel better? I think you’ve adopted a new family, Maggie.” I look down and smile. It’s such a nice thing to say. 
I drive to Raccoon’s to give Karl my notice. The place is still buzzing by the look of how many cars are in the parking lot. “Can’t look good, can you?” I ignore Jim, bypass all eye contact with Casey, and head to Karl’s office. He’s inside with his door ajar. I look around for ominous movie music to start up any second. Nothing but Jim slamming shot glasses down too hard on the bar. Bet he thinks he’s showing off his biceps.
“Maggie, what are you doing here?” I stand in the doorway, feeling clammy and nervous. I thought this would be easier.
“I’m quitting, Karl.” He bursts to his feet.
“No, you can’t.” He’s shaking his head and not looking at me.
“It’s not the right fit anymore. I need a change.”
“No, don’t quit.” This feels too much like breaking up with a boyfriend and I’ve never done that before. “Come inside and talk to me.” 
“You can’t change my mind on this.”
“Did your boyfriend put you up to this?” In the span of a few seconds, his voice changed from pleading to scary. 
“He doesn’t have a say where I work. And as of right now, I don’t work here.” 
“Take time to think about it. Take the night. Come back tomorrow morning and we can talk about it. Just take the night, please. Do that for me. Take the night and come back tomorrow morning first thing.” 
“I’ve made my decision.” For the first time in my life, I flinch at the effect my words have on another person. 
“Okay, Maggie. I’m sorry.” My body leans forward to pat him on the shoulder, but my feet refuse to close the distance.
On my way past Jim, I point to him, flex my insignificant biceps, then offer him a double thumbs up. His bright red face is the perfect exit, but Casey catches me at the door.
“Sorry about last night.” 
“Uh-huh.” I don’t care if she’s sorry. She’s an ass and I don’t need a friend that badly. 
Home is quiet. I see the orange glow under Branden’s door and figure he’s biting, sexing, or both. Damon’s lights were off at his house when I pulled into the garage and he isn’t in my bed. I can’t go to sleep; I’m too charged.



Twenty-two
I tiptoe to the painting studio, not wanting to invite any kind of interaction with Branden right now. I have a lot to process. My mom just called and confessed to trying to kill me and kill me hard. I broke Karl’s heart and I feel like shit about it. And there’s something not right about my dad’s murder, at least the part where Jake and my mom were having an affair. 
With charcoal instantly staining my fingers, I draw New York as I remember from my first day. The buildings so tall they stole the light of day, a steel and concrete black hole. Lampposts, street signs, and vendors took the place of the lush trees, flowering bushes, and endless land I grew up with. Cars and people sped around at dizzying rates instead of howling wind disappearing into bright blue skies. Then I found Central Park, the Grand Canyon of city parks.
When I look at my busy paper, I see the building-scape, me on a bench cowering under the weight of no sun, no sky. One conversation with my mom and this is what’s inside my heart. Louie is on, but I’m not feeling the music. I switch to Ed Sheeran. Beneath his airy sound are depressing lyrics perfectly suited to my current mood. I draw page after page of me on that first day in the big city. I draw until I have no steam left. With a piece of charcoal in my hand and the music on auto repeat, I curl up in the corner on a beanbag Branden supplied and fall asleep.
“She’s not one of them.”
“Yes, she is. If you’re so in love with her, have a go. I’m told she’s a virgin. She needs a shower anyway. Have your fun, clean her up, and say your goodbyes.”
“I’m not going to have sex with her and neither are you.”
“Don’t challenge me, boy. Take her and do whatever you want as long as you get her cleaned up. I’m sick of smelling her.” I’m half in and out. I’m so tired I can barely stay awake. The younger man works the rope, but my fingers are numb and broken. He unties each ankle next. I can’t fight back. I’m free, but in no shape to protect myself.
“Don’t be scared. I won’t hurt you,” he says in a gravelly whisper. I think he’s trying to keep his words from the old man. I’m blindfolded and gagged, but I want to look into his eyes and beg him to let me go. 
He lifts me up and carries me to the bathroom. I know we’re in the bathroom by the feel of the cold tile under my hands and feet when he sets me on the floor. 
I whimper at the feel of cold metal grazing my skin. “I’m cutting your shirt. The material is stuck to you.” Clarifying his actions does nothing to calm me. His hands brush my skin softly. He’s trying to be loving, when loving is killing my grandfather and helping me to a hospital.
He painstakingly removes every scrap of my mangled clothing and lifts me into the bathtub, being careful not to touch me anywhere private. “I’ll get you cleaned up.” He’s delusional, just plain crazy. He gives me a sponge bath. For him, this is intimate. For me, the break from my grandfather’s torture and knowing more is waiting for me on the other side of the bathroom door is another dimension of hell. The man’s breathing becomes my only point of focus. Any hitch and my heart races to the point of dizziness. 
“Is it true you’re a virgin?” What’s the right answer to that question? I nod. There’s a long moment when his hands aren’t pouring water over my body, which in and of itself is searing pain. 
After a shaky breath, he finishes the task of washing me, but for what purpose? More of the same with the old man? He dresses me in a fresh pair of gym shorts, no panties, and a t-shirt. I can smell the scent of floral dryer sheets in the clothes. I want to gag at smelling so fresh and pretty in this den of grime and evil. The man carries me back to the chair and ties me back up. My body jerks at the first hint of his lips on my cheek, a kiss goodbye that feels more like a jolt from a live wire it hurt so much.
“How was she?”
“Don’t even think about crossing the line with her, old man, or I’ll kill you.”
“That’s grandpa to you. Show some respect.”
“Maggie, it’s me Branden. You’re having a nightmare. Open your eyes.” I can’t breathe. Or I can, but my body’s working too fast to take any quality air in. My eyes frantically blink away tears. My body shakes and shrill screams bleed from my throat. I want to peel off my skin and start new. No bad hands, no sponge baths! 
“I’m here.” I fly to my feet when Branden tries to wrap his arms around me. My feet work myself into a corner. I look down and focus on my hand clutched to my chest. I’m still holding the charcoal. “You’re safe. Please, let me near you.” I shake my head unable to speak other than the occasional scream. I was so out of it in that basement, I didn’t remember much. How could I lose all that time? My own stepbrother was there. He loved me and not in a healthy way. He bathed me and gave me back to my evil dead grandfather. “What did you remember that’s this bad? I know your nightmares have been showing you things your mind made you forget. 
“Frank’s kid,” I say with a shaky little voice. 
“She was there?” I shake my head.
“Before my mom, Frank had a son who was hidden away somewhere. His kid was in the basement. Mercer said, ‘That’s grandpa to you.’ My stepbrother was there and in love with me.” I bend over sick to my stomach. Branden’s chest begins to roar as he puts things together too quickly.
“What did he do to you?”
“He undressed me and gave me a bath, old man’s orders. He wanted to do more but he didn’t. He put me back in the chair, Branden.” He takes a step closer, drawing my hand up in the air. We stay like that, frozen, all but our breathing and Ed Sheeran on the CD player.
After a minute of the brokenhearted standoff, he retreats to the other side of the room. “Maggie, why did you call him your stepbrother if he was your dad’s kid? You mean half-brother, right?” Branden’s voice is low and careful. I just slipped up. This was my secret. I wanted to find my real dad without the vamps breathing down my neck, no pun intended. 
“I just found out.”
“Keep going.” All concern for my well-being is replaced with controlled fury.
“Frank’s not my real dad.” Three vamps rush the room. “What the hell?” Leon, Michael, and Damon loom over me like underworld superheroes. Leon steps forward in full leader mode.
“We heard your screaming. Branden told us to ‘stay downstairs.’ I’ve answered your question. You answer mine. Why did you keep this from us?” I’m facing four angry vamps, make that three. Damon can’t hold onto his anger. I’m utterly devastated and he loves me. That’s what I tell myself anyway. He crosses the room, takes the charcoal from my grip, and lifts me into his arms. I stare down the other vamps, but in my mind, I’m burying my face in Damon’s warm chest and bawling my eyes out.
“Leon, I’m calling it for the night. You already know the answer to your question. She was going to go find her real father. How could she not? She thought that maybe she had a relative that wasn’t out to kill her. How could she do anything but hold on to that and not want to share it with anyone? You know her. She just realized her stepbrother had his hands all over her and then abandoned her to that scourge.” Damon’s words hit their target. He carries me to my room. He settles on top of my comforter and rocks me until I fall asleep. No dreams, no nightmares. 
“Shit,” my first word when I wake up. A night of sleep did nothing to quiet the thoughts in my head. The clock says it’s my regular wake up time, crack of dawn. I’m not on Damon’s lap anymore, in fact, he’s not in my bed at all. The doorbell is going off, telling me the girls are back. I thought teenagers slept until noon whenever possible.
“Come on in,” I say grumpily. I have good reason.
“What’s wrong with you?” 
“Feeling down today. I found out about some bad shit yesterday, two big fat whammies.” My mom for sure sent a killer after me and my stepbrother gave me a loving sponge bath in my darkest hour. 
“You know what always takes the sting away?” Mac has a look in her eyes I’ve never noticed before; she hasn’t had the easiest life.
“What, my cute little redhead?” I say, drawing out a smile.
“A good old fashioned swim meet. Just us four girls. No cheating. No games. We take our marks and go.” This is her therapy and she’s sharing it with me. Feeling too touched to say anything, I offer a quick head nod. 
I’m in my suit in a flash and we’re all standing at the pool’s edge with Michael spectating in the background. He’s generous enough to call it and we’re off. No muffled music in the background, no mind cleansing meditation, just hard and fast pulls through the water. 
Paced breaths meet with more pulls. Four lengths of the pool, that’s the race. I don’t know where anyone is. I know one thing, my body in motion. Every part helps me forward. I count the lengths. One, I’m entrenched in Mac’s therapy. Two, I feel lighter. Three, I’m feeling free. Four, I’m at the wall before everyone else. Char and Mac tie, Millie brings up the rear. She’s grinning though. Swimming for her is being with them, not being the best. 
“Man, you’re fast,” Char says between gasping breaths. Mac swims over and throws her arms around me.
“Feel better?”
“I do. How do you guys get here so early?”
“We stayed at Doris’. Our parents are happy to have teenager-free time,” Char answers, but Mac nods in agreement. 
“But why aren’t you sleeping in?”
“Habit. And this is too fun to pass up. We can always take a nap.” I’m starting to think of these girls as friends, it’s weird. I’ve never had girlfriends. 
“I have an errand to run. This was the perfect therapy,” I say with a smile as I climb out of the pool.
“Errand?” Michael asks as we head to the house.
“Yeah, I liked that feeling in the pool when I had nothing on my mind but the task at hand. Time to clear the boards.” He gives me a speed it along gesture. “I feel shitty about quitting on Karl. Of all the stuff floating around in my head, that’s the one I can nip in the bud.” The least I can do is give two week’s notice or offer to train the next hire.
“None of us want you working there.” He groans when he realizes the err of his ways. “Don’t go asking to be hired back out of brattiness.” He groans again. “Shit, you are very difficult to talk to.” 
“Maybe, but this little chat was so much fun.”
I take quick shower and change into jeans and an old Larry Bird T-shirt. Branden nearly had a heart attack the first time I wore it. “There’s a white man playing basketball on your chest. You don’t even watch basketball.” I look down the hall at Branden’s door. Waking a vamp just to show off my un-girly attire will only garner a lecture and possibly fangs.

“You stay here,” I say to Michael when he cuts the engine. He’s still smiling after laughing for five minutes at my shirt.
Raccoon’s has a hibernation feel to it, a sleeping beast who comes to life when the sun is down and the unruly customers push through the front door two by two. I pass a couple cars in the lot. Must have been a slow night for the cab company or the drunks have already sobered up enough to win their keys back from Karl.
Jim isn’t standing behind the bar ready to insult me, but Casey is. “Heard you’re thinking of quitting.” Bitterness eats away at some of her cuteness. I walk past, having no interest in unraveling Casey’s weirdness. Karl’s office door is wide open this time.
“Maggie? Come in. Come in. Sit down,” he says in a contrite/grateful voice. 
“Karl, I still quit.” He shakes his head and motions me to sit down. 
“No, no. Just hear me out.” 
I grab a seat in front of his desk. I usually don’t have a speech prepared, but I have a soft spot for Karl. “I’m going to school in the fall.” He gives me the warmest smile. “See, yeah. So I’m doing this whole rebuilding Maggie thing, starting with a new job.” His smile vanishes. My gut wrenches. I’ve been a runner since the first time I ran away at sixteen. True to form, I feel like burning rubber right out of this room.
“Okay, Maggie.” My eyebrows shoot skyward. Okay? He walks over and kneels down in front of me. My heart begins to race. Deja vu. I’ve been in this exact position before, haven’t I? I close my eyes, but the fear climbs higher in the darkness. “Don’t be scared. I won’t hurt you,” Karl whispers. Oh, God! 
I have done all of this before. Those words, that hushed voice. Everything after that happens in a blur. I open my mouth to scream. Karl throws his hand over my face so hard, for a moment, I can’t breathe. I kick and claw to free myself, but cold bony hands from behind zip tie me to the chair.
Back in the front of the restaurant, I hear a large crash and a quick succession of pops. Michael shouts my name. My heart leaps. The vampire will drain every last one of these jerks whoever they are, along with my demented stepbrother. That’s who Karl is. 
“I’ll kill you all if you touch her!” I believe Michael’s words. I nod in agreement.
“Too late for that, Leech. You should worry about yourself.” My mother’s self-satisfied voice means only one thing. They have Michael. Somehow, they have him restrained, and now they’re going to kill us both. Wait, what’s Casey doing here? She’s just a kid.
“You’re okay now, Maggie,” crazy Karl says as he drops his hand from my mouth.
“Karl, listen, don’t do this. Don’t let them hurt Michael. Let Casey go. You can stop all of this.” The hand goes back over my mouth. 
“Let Casey go?” I hear her laughing in the other room. A memory, not a nightmare, flashes in front of me.
“Mom says I should practice with you, Grandpa.”
“Shut it. I don’t care what she says. Your dad is right. You belong in school. You’re smart. You’re going to defeat the leeches with your mind. Get out of here before I make you clean the mess when I’m through with her.” She thinks that’s so fucking funny because she laughs the same laugh from the other room. Casey Lynn Beeker. I called it on the sibling rivalry.
“Bitch!” I scream through Karl’s hand. My doppelganger charges into the room. Karl stands up to block her. “What a brave stalker I have.” He waves me off.
“Get out of here, Case. She’s mine.” I want to personally kill him. 
“I am not yours.” Then I look at my sister. “Bitch.” She bounces around Karl and slaps me across the face. A simple slap, but I scream and stomp my feet. My body jerks, but I’m not jumping to my feet to show her what I’m made of, not with my wrists and ankles tied to this chair. 
“Always wanted to do that, but daddy wouldn’t let me.” Then I see it. I cut her off and she’s pouting. She has years of hate built into her heart, but cutting her off was her tipping point. I laugh, drawing confused looks from both Karl and Casey. 
“Poor little rich girl, you don’t have any money. What are you going to do?” Taunting the evil sibling while tied down isn’t the best idea, but I don’t care. I’ve hated her since I discovered she existed. She slaps me again. This time I taste blood. Michael roars from the other room.
“Get out of here. I told you she’s mine. You’re lucky I’m not holding what happened to dad against you.” She stomps away looking every bit the baby sister. “Don’t provoke her like that. She’s got a mean streak.” 
“And you don’t?” Karl hunches back down.
“Come on, Maggie. Don’t you remember me at all?” He leans in close. “I took care of you.” All I want to do is drain him myself. The rage builds and next thing I know I’m headbutting him. He cries out, bringing my mom into the room with a bloody knife. I heave. She’s cutting Michael.
“Leave him alone, Lynn. I’ll kill you.” She walks over. Her eyes are all over the place even though she’s looking right at me. Her normally coiffed hair is spiking every which way. She’s wearing dollar store clothes. I have no words.
She takes the knife she’s holding and with a quick glance at Karl, she plunges it into my side. I try to be brave, but I can’t. I scream a bloodcurdling scream. Then I can’t breathe. It hurts so bad, all of it, the blade cutting into me and the fact that it’s my fucking mother doing it. My first coherent thought is to ask for an ambulance. Stupid first thought.
“You won’t make it out of this alive,” I eek out instead. “I promise I will-” I have to stop to cry a little.
“Pain is the same for leeches and humans. Only seems fair.” 
With blurry vision and betraying tears running down to drip off my chin, I look directly at her. “I will personally hand you over to them while you beg me for mercy. I won’t shed a tear as I let Michael, Damon, and the rest of the vamps bite you and drink you one sip at a time until there’s nothing left of you but a shriveled up bag of bones.” I smile at her in all my pain, sealing my words with true belief. I will do this. For a split second, I see a flash of fear cross her face. I revel in it. After a long cold look, she returns to hurting my dear friend. 
“Maggie, you’re only making things worse on yourself.” 
“What is your endgame here, Karl? You think I’m yours. What does that mean to you?” He drags his chair over so it’s close to mine, but out of reach of my head.
“I want us to be together. We could move back east, get away from everything. I will take care of you, Maggie. You could go to college. I was so happy when you said you wanted to go to school.” I remember the not so fake looking acceptance letter to art school in New York. “I’ve been working on convincing your mom to let you live as long as you stay with me. Burying my dad instead of having him cremated went a long way. But she’s still angry that you saved Laura. It took a lot of work to kill her. She was old and they had to keep cutting and draining her until her body couldn’t heal itself anymore. And then she killed Jake. That’s your fault. I’m not mad because he killed dad. Casey, on the other hand, well, I wouldn’t push her. She and Jake . . .” Oh snap, as island boy Jesse would say. The cops had it wrong. It wasn’t my mom and Jake. It was Casey and Jake, which is less gross. Sadly, it makes me feel better that my mom didn’t cheat on my dad. That is so messed up. The ring. My mom gave it to her or him, them.
“They were engaged.” It wasn’t a question. He nods. “She turned him. She’s the one that took a regular kid and warped him into the animal I saw in the basement. Did she get her claws in the brother, too?” His eyes tell me the girl was screwing them both. 
“Trashy slut!” I scream out so she can hear me. Casey comes charging in, this time she has a knife, different from the one my mom used on me earlier, but it’s bloody too. On a banshee cry from hell, she strikes. I think the blade hits bone. I shake my head, but the pain won’t quit. 
In the middle of the agony, I realize I stopped feeling the pain from my mom’s stab wound. Don’t smile, Maggie. They’re cutting me with vampire healing bloodied knives. They’ll cause more hurt than I can stand, but at least until they wise up, they can’t kill me. It should buy me time to come up with a way out of here. One thing is for certain, emotions are high. The other thing that is pretty clear, each person has an agenda. That should help me. Bad guys when they work together need to be about a common enemy and a common goal. Both are equally important. They only have the enemy part, and even Karl is fuzzy where I’m concerned. So, don’t alienate him completely. That will be hard. 
“You did all of this because I quit?”
“No, we expedited the plan because you quit.”
“Your plan was to kidnap me and kill Michael?”
“No, the leech is a bonus. We’re going to kill them all. Every last one of them, including the one in the other room. I’m going to do my best to keep you, but you’re ruffling the wrong feathers right now.” It’s like he’s begging me to backtalk him. I take a deep breath, but my angry ribs cut me off half way. Maybe Casey is brilliant at torture after all. I feel sliced from my sides to my heart. 
“You plan to kill one vampire at a time by knifing them to death?” He strokes my hair. My hands jump to swat him away, but he smiles and pets me.
“Sadly, no. We’re going to burn down Pearl Estates. We thought about bombs. Usually bombers end up with missing digits. That’s gross.” That’s gross? Not tying a girl to a chair and stabbing her? Not what they’re doing to my friend out there? I hate this bastard. “It was Jake’s idea to torch the place. A big gas explosion would have been perfect, but that damn head leech insisted on everything being electric.” Smart vampire. “So, we’ll have to go with arson. We’re planning on framing an eco-terrorist group.” The computer at the Leeds’ said as much. They were researching who could take the fall. 
“What about the humans in Pearl Estates?”
“Not my problem. We’re saving more humans than an old lady and that bitch with the kid.” Wow, Mrs. Mendle really doesn’t make a good impression if both sides of the aisle describe her the same way. 
“Karl, they are people with souls and goodness. They’re not monsters. They don’t hurt anyone.”
“They are not people, Maggie. How can you think that? You just don’t know what it’s like to be with a human man.” Uh-oh. He drops down to his knees and holds my face with both hands. “You’ll see.” He kisses me, wasting no time jabbing his tongue in my mouth. I can’t bring myself to bite it off. He moans when he realizes I’m not going to fight him. I want to cry and scream and wash my mouth out with turpentine. I hear Michael yelling at Karl to get off me. 
Karl is still kissing me only now his body is wedging itself between my legs. “Tell me you’re still a virgin. You were in DC. I wanted you, but I was good.” Maybe if I lie he’ll be too disgusted with me to touch me again.
“No, Karl. I gave myself to Damon over and over like vampire bunnies.” He backhands me so hard I can’t open my eyes for a few seconds. Then he moves back in to kiss me, not my mouth but my neck. “I don’t want you. No, Karl,” I say quietly, hoping I reach any humanity in him. He doesn’t stop. Part of me thinks he’ll have to untie me to get what he wants. That’s a good thing, right? The other part is too scared to face losing the fight. 
He moves back to my mouth while one hand reaches behind my head to pull me harder into the kiss. He keeps making these terrible pleasure sounds. I pour all my focus into not crying. His other hand goes to my boob, but I can’t associate what he’s doing with real touch.
“No, no, no,” I repeat as his mouth moves down. I think he’s going for my neck when he buries his face in my chest. I’m ready to bust out of these zip ties and snap his neck. He releases an unsteady breath and looks up at me with a mix of satisfaction, hunger, and something resembling love. It can’t be love. 
He looks down at his hands splayed out on my thighs and closes his eyes. I close mine too for different reasons. 
“I don’t think you’ve been with anyone,” he says with sex thick in his voice. None of this is good. I’m in so much trouble. I think that just as his fingers begin tugging up my shirt. I tremble in fear, but he takes it the wrong way. “I knew it.” I gag. His brain can’t process my revulsion or he’s fine with it. His fingertips graze the cream-colored lace bra.
“Don’t.” I start shaking my head in protest. Every second that passes, his cheeks turn a brighter shade of pink. He’s working himself into a frenzy he won’t be able to walk away from. 
“Karl, this isn’t healthy. We’re sort of related.”
“We’re not related at all.”
“Society-wise we are, and, and . . .” I’m making the worst argument for not getting raped. “Please, I don’t want this.” 
“Damn ties. I should have ripped this stupid shirt off you before you sat down.” Yes. He can’t strip me down in this position. One hand takes a propitiatory hold of my boob, the other reaches over his desk. “I did this before,” he says as the cold metal scissors slide along my trembling flesh. In his mind, he’s seducing me. He cuts Branden’s favorite shirt into useless strips of bloody cotton on the floor. “I’m going to dress you so pretty.” Michael screams again. 
I stare at the scissors he returned to the desk, ignoring what his hands are doing. He follows my line of sight, snatches my future weapon, and throws them across the room.
“I don’t believe you gave that leech anything.” Michael is yelling a compelling murder plan at Karl. “This would have been so much better if you had given in to your desires in the walk-in freezer. You wanted me, but you were too afraid of your leech boyfriend.” There’s no reasoning with this man. 
He reaches down and undoes the button of my jeans. I scream only to be interrupted by his mouth on mine. He pulls away a fraction and presses his cheek against mine. “They forgot vamp blood heals. I won’t tell.” 
He’s back to kissing me forever it seems, until he dips down and revels in the task of kissing my chest. I make some kind of gurgling heaving sound when he drops lower and I feel his hot breath through my jeans on my inner thighs. He buries his face there, camping out like a lazy storm sitting over the mountains. 
I can’t handle this. There’s a slight give in the ties around my ankles, not enough to wiggle free. I already tried that until I stopped feeling my feet, but it’s enough. I wait until he makes another pass up and down my thighs. I can’t look because I don’t want the image haunting me, but I feel his breath on the move, inching toward my knees-“Bitch!” 
I kneed his chin. By the slurred way he’s screaming at me, I’m thinking he bit his tongue. Fast and furious, his face changes. This is a bad man, not just lovestruck, misguided, and delusional. He wipes his mouth and I see blood. Michael laughs from the other room. 
“Karl-” Slap. An actual man-slap. My chair nearly falls over. He hits me again. Then just as the anger took over in a scary flash, he’s himself again. Not such a comforting thing with all his kidnapping, raping, murdering plots. 
“You’re just nervous,” he says, returning his hands to my legs, firmly this time. “I’m happy you did that. Part of me worried you actually fucked the leech. Now I know you saved yourself.” Oh god. “For me.” Crazy bastard. He dips his head back down to my lap when a timer goes off on his desk. A timer?
“Gotta go. You stay put, you and your little friend.” He leans in and kisses me, and then rushes out. I can still hear him. “Lynn and Casey, you two stay here. Don’t kill her. You don’t want to deal with me if that happens. Earl, Betty, you got everything loaded?” Earl and Betty Leeds. They stayed hidden all this time and now they’re taking off with Karl, leaving me here with the craziest women of all time.
“Even packed the marshmallows,” I hear singsongy Betty Leeds say. 
“NO!” They’re going to set the fires right now. No, no, no, no. I hear quick footsteps, then standing in front of me is my sister sporting a grin that tells me she’s about to let loose. I hear a grunt in the other room followed by my mom’s maniacal laughter. It’s me and Michael and these two identical bitches. Plan, brew something up, Maggie. Think. Casey stalks over with a sharper, thinner knife in one hand and a belt in the other.
“Which one do you want me to start with?” I roll my eyes. I don’t mean to, it’s just that she’s such an asshole. 
“Pouty poor white trash.” I normally cringe when people call someone white trash, but I need to pull out the hate. I need to go dark to rattle her enough to make a mistake. I have to save my vampires, starting with the one in the next room. 
She aims the blade lower and drives into me. It feels the same way as before, like she’s punching me with a knife instead of stabbing. My mind demands I ask “Why!” but I mash my lips together and scream in my throat. It’s not enough. I shake my head to stop from looking down. The movement pulls on my body enough words spill out of me. “Wait, please,” I beg. I can’t breathe, so I let myself sob. Crying will force my body to take in air. 
“You’re not brave at all.” I totally agree with her. She wipes the blade on her jean shorts, short-circuiting my current breakdown. I wonder if she worked out this extra sinister persona in her head ahead of time. 
“You practice that move, Case?” I won’t be healing from any more cuts made with that knife. Her smile never leaves her face, not when she draws the blade back and plunges it in again. At least practice does not make perfect. She continues to punch short stab wounds into my body, grunting at her lack of upper body strength. I think I’m losing my mind when I actually shout out that she’s so annoying. Of all the things to say, why not call out for mercy or God?
“I can’t wait to drain you!” Michael yells from the other room. Between my delirium and Casey’s delight, my eyes wander around the room, not looking for an out, there is none. Karl’s weird religious prints on the wall, bloody and violent, suit him now. I see it. He’s the true believer here. My mom is the product of her father. This knife bitch in front of me is possibly just the spawn of the devil, who knows? But Karl? No, Karl has a stake in this on a spiritual level. Destroying vampires is his crusade. Taking me along for the ride, well that’s just company for the lonely servant. That’s how he sees himself; he serves his own dark, twisted version of God. His first mistake was leaving me with two people who can be distracted from the mission. Hopefully, my saving grace. 
“You’re an idiot. No wonder Jake wanted me so much. I sat on his lap, you know. And trust me when I say he was very much enjoying it.” She growls and whips me with the belt. Oh, it stings. I wish I could stop giving her the satisfaction of my cries. “You know who else wanted me? His kid brother. You screwed him too, didn’t you? Which one did you like most?” More hits with the belt to my legs and arms, to the fresh stab wounds, I cry out the whole time. “In mom’s basement, Jake failed to mention he had a girlfriend.” I’m gritting out the words at this point. “He had my shirt off and everything. Not once did he say, ‘I can’t. I have a girl.’ Cheating bastard. Good thing I stabbed him.” She screams and attacks me. Her hands go straight for my neck. One look at her face, I know the girl has lost it. I can’t breathe, but I can swing my head with a mighty force. 
I need this to count and take her out of the picture for a while. I wait, watch her movements. The seconds slow as I notice the way her face leans in with each extra squeeze. I imagine my head being one of those battering rams SWAT uses to break down doors. Any second now, she’s going to kill me or regain her senses. I watch her movements. Up close, too far away. Up close. She smells like strawberry lip gloss. Too far away. There! I throw the full force of my brimming rage straight into her face. I hear the snap and crackle of bones breaking. I hear that, then nothing at all. She slumps into a pile of bitch on the floor. 
My mom doesn’t come running. She must be in the zone, the torture zone. Now what? I need to convince my mom to get me out of this chair. What would make her do that? Why am I in a chair? Laura wasn’t staked until the end when she had nothing left in her to fight them, but the wannabe slayers had taken extreme measures to hold the vampire down. They used chains. Part of Lynn must think I’m human. If I make her truly believe I’m a vampire, then she’ll convince herself I need to be put through the same riggers. Her dad failed to kill me by tying me down like this. I’ll use that.
“Mom, I think I killed her!” I screech. Lynn comes running, bloody knife and all. Poor Michael. My own flesh and blood is destroying him. I have very bad flesh and blood.
“What did you do to her?” I draw inside myself. I need my fangs to drop. Damon is going to die. I tell myself that. I imagine him sleeping peacefully in his bed. I recall Leon’s blood in my face, the scent that unearthed a deeply buried part of myself, his taste, his happy sigh when I bit him. My fangs, I call on them. I need them. Right now, I’m a vampire and no one is going to kill my boyfriend. I open my mouth and hiss. The hissing part I just threw in for theatrics. I almost laugh. Lynn screams. She really didn’t believe I was a vampire. Then what the hell was up with all the murder plots? I hiss again. She backhands me, slicing her hand on my razor sharp teeth. She does not taste good, but I pretend she does. I lick my teeth clean. Some people cry in the face or terror. Not my mom.
I watch her bloodied knife closing in on my throat. She cuts a line straight down, collarbone to belly button. “Mom, mom, please mom.” I can’t help myself. 
“I wasn’t sure I could do it.” She sounds triumphant. I’m still crying her name when she cuts the ties caging my wrists to the chair. If I were the hero old lady Doris believed me to be, I’d strangle Lynn with my freed hands. 
Lynn imitates the cops on TV and zip-ties my wrists behind my back. Two more snips later and my legs are free from the chair. She pulls me to my feet. I close my eyes, deciding the dark is better this time. In one quick motion, she slips behind me and yanks me into a headlock. It’s awkward because I’m the taller one, but she seems intent on holding me this way. “I’ll do this right, Daddy.” 
The sight of Michael’s slashed body chained to the bar clears up the emotional upheaval from my mother’s slasher move. He looks at me with pain in his eyes. I wink at him. I have a plan. I just have to figure out what it is now that I’m out here. 
He sees me studying our situation. His eyes widen, then narrow. I know my mom doesn’t notice when he flashes fang. For some reason, she thinks her hold is enough. Eventually she walks us close enough to the bar that it’s now or never. She must sense the mood shift because she cuts off my air. My bound hands attempt to shoot up to grab her arm. I can’t breathe. I can’t move. No time to lose. 
I ram her backwards straight into Michael. Her scream is worse than the time I stabbed Jake Leeds in the eye with a metal stake. Maybe she’s in greater pain, but I think she’s freaking out that a vamp has latched on to her neck. 
Her hold tightens until I feel the life slowly start to leave her body. I fly out of her arms and turn around. Her terror-filled eyes plead with me for a microsecond before they turn cold and hateful.
“You’re just like your father. Part of me knew, but part of me hoped I was wrong,” she growls out with just enough life in her to make her sound demonic. I hear Michael drink. I see her life slip away.
“I told you so, Mom.” My last words to my mother before her eyes roll back and stay there and her body falls to the floor. It doesn’t even make a thud; she just slides down like empty fabric. My petty words hurt to say, not because they were cruel, but because I feel the damage to my throat from being choked by Casey and by my mom. 
“Get up here and let me bite through your ties.” The freshly fed vampire is wrapped in chains and no longer bleeding anywhere. I stagger up on a bar stool and swivel around so he can cut through plastic zip ties. If I had enough life left in me, I’d walk around the bar and find scissors. 
I feel his teeth slice the flesh there and then his tongue swipe my blood. “Sorry,” he says, and then continues. He takes longer to free me than he took to drain my mom, but I think that has to do with my distracting blood running from the fresh cuts he keeps making.
“I’m going to kill you!” Casey comes charging at me with a smashed in face and a whip in her hand. Stupid girl. She should have swapped weapons. She gets one hit in before I rip it away from her and throw her to Michael. “No, no, you can’t!” she screams. 
My hand presses her neck toward his mouth. Tears roll down her face when she feels his hot breath. “Give me the key to the chains,” I order. She fumbles with her pockets and pulls out a small heart-shaped keychain. “You’re not a good person, Casey. You and Jake killed Frank together, didn’t you? He didn’t want this life for you and he didn’t spoil you as much as you wanted. So you and Jake did it together.” 
“Yes, just let me go.”
“And you begged our grandfather to let you have some fun with me. Was it because I was your sister or because you thought I was a vampire?” 
“Both.” I push her further into Michael whose eyes go wide with disbelief and approval. She screams and dies while I unlock the chains. He’s free and I slump to the floor next to my mother and sister. I feel close to joining them. Michael flies off the bar to my feet. 
“Let me heal you.” I shake my head. 
“You have to leave me.” My voice is quieter than a whisper. I mean my words, but I don’t want to be alone with the dead. “Save the others. Karl and the Leeds are going to burn the whole town down. Please save everyone, the humans, too.” He starts to shake his head. “Michael, do that for me. Leave me and make Damon and Branden and everyone safe.” 
He leans in and kisses me on the lips softly, but I wince at the pain of any kind of contact. I’m hurt all over and I still feel Karl’s mouth on mine. Then Michael leans over the dead bodies, I hear a few cracks and see him dip closer. He rushes off just barely looking back at me. 
I crawl away from my family and lie flat on the floor. It’s dark. I didn’t notice when I first came in, but all the shades are drawn. The lights are on dim and the music is off. It’s never been quiet in here before and yet I can’t remember whatever played. Weird. I forgot to ask my mom about my real dad. Considering she thinks Frank and her dad were knights in shining armor, I have to assume she has bad taste in men and my real dad is probably no exception.
I need vampire blood. Branden told me he and Damon used their blood topically to heal my cuts. No vamps around here right now. Wait. There is vamp blood, pools of it on the bar. I crawl back over, stopping midway to rest. As soon as I think about Damon, Branden, Leon, and my humans, I start up again. I pull myself up on the bar stool and there it is, but not as much as I thought there’d be. 
It takes a long time to bleed a vampire to death. They heal so fast. I swipe some of what’s there with my fingers and shakily rub it into the long slice my mom made that nearly fractured me to pieces. I vainly tackle the open cuts on my face from all the hits. Someone wore rings. I smear another veil of red on my wrists. I can’t reach my ankles without falling over. I seal five stab wounds, leaving two. I’m out of vamp blood and I’m still in bad shape. 
I slide to my feet and follow the bar with my hands, trying to keep myself standing. I need to wash my face off, get the remnants of Karl off me. I use the bar sink which is most certainly a health code violation, but so are my dead mom and sister. The water hurts the cuts I missed with the healing blood, and I still feel Karl on my lips. I’m never getting that fucker off my skin, so I move to the phone.
“I need Officer Curtis or Brown,” I say so low the operator makes me repeat myself. 
“Is this an emergency? 911 is not a directory.” 
“Karl is bad all the way around. He doesn’t get to have me.” I can’t hide the emotion in my tiny voice.
“Ma’am, are you hurt?” I start and stop. My brain is a mess of information. 
“My mom didn’t cheat on my dad. She didn’t kill him. Casey and Jake did.” 
“Ma’am, the police and ambulance are on their way. Are you in a safe place?”
“She didn’t blink. I never thought she could cut me. A mom isn’t supposed to do that, right?” 
“No, a mom isn’t supposed to do that.” 
Sirens approach the building. The doors fly open, throwing me into alarm mode. My hand won’t put the phone down. I’m holding it out in front of me as if I could club any person who comes within reach. My other hand picks up an empty beer bottle. Figures one of the nutjob slayers was drinking at the crack of dawn. Lushes.
“Maggie, it’s us.” I see the faces of the cops who have been so kind to me. They might even be my friends, then I see Karl’s face and feel his mouth on mine. I see how I didn’t fight him. I shake my head. 
“No, Karl is bad. He’s bad. I quit and he expedited his plan. No.”
“You’re really hurt. Let us near you so we can stop the bleeding.” I shake my head.
“No, no one comes near me. She’s my mom and she’s bad.”
“We know. Brown, check her pulse again for Maggie.” Brown kneels down, puts his pointer and middle fingers to my mom’s neck, and shakes his head. He does the same thing with Casey. “See, they can’t hurt you anymore.” 
“I cut her off. Refused to pay her tuition. She overreacted, I think.” I let out a wild laugh.
“We’re coming over to you now,” Curtis says in his southern accent, so calm and peaceful I close my eyes.
“Maggie, you know us. My sister, Holly, is your friend. Remember me telling you how much Andy misses you?” I look at Brown with some inkling of recognition, Andy, my Mary Poppins, Avengers, running-around-the-house buddy. “That’s it. Let us help you.” Brown rushes over as I drop the phone and beer bottle. “I’m picking you up now, honey.” 
“Are you allowed to pick me up?” He chuckles, but there’s too much pain there to be hearty sounding. 
“Looks like they tied her down in the back office. There’s a lot of blood around the chair and a bloody knife on the table,” a cop in the background says to someone.
“That one was Casey’s,” I squeak out before Brown carries me into the blinding light of a late Friday morning. I turn my face into Brown’s chest. He puts me on an EMT stretcher. I hear stuff about internal injuries and blood loss and then some questions directed at me. All I can think is that Michael isn’t back yet. What does that mean? Curtis and Brown stand next to me until I’m lifted into the ambulance. 
As soon as I’m put in the cold white box, I freak out. I scream pathetic scratchy cries. Brown climbs in, takes my hand, and starts telling me how Andy really likes the new bedtime routine I created. He tells me how the family of three run laps around the kitchen. The last thing he tells me before I pass out is that “they gutted the house.” He used that exact wording. I smile all the way into blackness.



Twenty-three
I expect to find hell waiting for me. I handed my mom over to a vampire to painfully kill her. I was even worse with Casey. I talked to my sister beforehand, gave her the impression I would save her, when from the moment she first stabbed me, I planned on her not living for very much longer. 
Hell isn’t waiting, but Damon is. I can’t see him, but I know his voice down to my soul. “Maggie, you did a good job. Time to wake up now.” He sounds so sweet. “Doris told me to tell you she was right; you’re the hero. Time to come back to us.” I don’t deserve heaven, but how can this be anything but? “Michael is in love with you now more than ever. He’s been impossible. He goes on and on about how you single-handedly saved the day.”
“No, that’s not true,” I croak. 
“Oh,” he says. I hear him sob. A vampire can full on cry? I hear the rapid clicking of a button and a rush of voices. 
“Okay Maggie, how about you open your eyes?” I squeeze them and try to do as asked, but nothing. “Here, we’ll turn the lights down. Let’s try that again.” This time I manage tired blinking. 
“Try,” Damon pleads. I turn my head to his voice and open my eyes. 
“Hi,” I whisper. He leans in and showers me with kisses. Pain courses through me at the touch. He quickly backs away. “Karl kissed me. I let him kiss me.” I start to cry from the images bombarding me, but end up crying from the ridiculous amount of pain hitting my body all at once. I hear rapid beeping behind me.
“This is too much for her. You, out.” 
“No, please, I need him.” Damon moves back in and takes my hand in his.
“Keep from upsetting her. You need to ease into any kind of affection with her.” Wow, this nurse is scolding a fierce vampire. I don’t know his past, but I’m thinking the group of vamps I call my family were all fierce and not in a good way. 
The doctor comes in, sucking in gulps of air. “Nice to see your pretty blue eyes. I’m Dr. Lang.” She’s not quite middle-aged with rich brown hair and gray eyes. She’s one of those women who probably always appear perfectly manicured. She probably doesn’t own a single secondhand shirt with a hardware store logo on it.
“You were brought in with severe internal injuries, but you’re a fighter. In no time, the issue was resolved.” I resist the urge to look at Damon, but he squeezes my hand to let me know vamp blood contributed to my fast recovery. “We stopped the bleeding and your two stab wounds are healing nicely. However, you lost consciousness. Not quite a coma because you responded to stimuli. Your body is bruised badly in places by . . .” She stops herself.
“The belt.”
“Yes. I’m sorry.” 
“Can I go home now?”
“Not yet, dear. We have you in stable condition, but we would like one more day at least.”
“I want my bed and my boyfriend,” I say with a trace of my real personality. Damon squeezes my hand again. Dr. Lang talks until I tune her out to think about the boy holding my hand. I turn to look at him and we lock eyes. Mine must show how beat down I feel. His show how much he hates to see it. Soon we’re alone in the room with the machines making their incremental beeps. We don’t say anything for the longest time, just hold hands and look at each other. 
Damon breaks the silence. “Doc has been sneaking in here and doing his best to help you heal without it looking like a miraculous recovery. He’s rather pleased with himself.” He talks about stuff that doesn’t matter, just filling the heavy space between us. I think he even mentions the weather. When he starts telling me about current events on the news, I put a stop to his rambling.
“Damon, are you okay?” He drops his head.
“No. I didn’t protect you. I tucked you in that night and left you alone. I was so upset about your basement nightmare, what you learned happened to you. I had to get out of there. I was sleeping while you were . . .” 
“If you slept at night, they would have attacked at night.” He looks up at me with aching eyes.
“Karl got away. Michael reached Leon’s house first. The two of them raced around pulling everyone out of their homes including the unpleasant Mrs. Mendle and her family and Doris. The girls were still in the pool house. We cleared them out as well. We told the humans the truth, Karl and the Leeds had designs to burn down the neighborhood. Laura took them out of the town to keep them from seeing us hunt down Karl’s group. Only one house was a total loss, number twenty-three. Michael reached Steve and Becky in time.
“We found the Leeds trying to set fire to Leon’s house. No mercy. It was Branden and Leon who killed them. No one will find their bodies. I was hunting Karl with Eddie Park and a few others, but the man knew what he was doing. He must have spread his blood throughout the neighborhood before starting the fires. We couldn’t hone in on his position. The police want him for arson. They also want him for kidnapping, torturing, and trying to kill you. They also suspect that he or the Leeds killed Lynn and Casey. According to the M.E., the women died of broken necks.” That’s what Michael was doing over my mom and sister after he drained them, protecting the vampire secret. 
“Your two police officers stepped in and requested the judge order the details of the case closed to the public, all due to the sensitive nature of the victim.” I wince at being called a victim. “Maggie, I know you don’t want the world knowing everything that happened. Curtis and Brown had the DC report and combined with what happened at Raccoon’s. The judge felt this attack was similar enough to be considered an extension of the first one, and in that vein, your age was connected as well. You were a minor then and not much older now.”
“So what’s out there for the world to know?”
“Karl is wanted as well as the Leeds. They've all gone missing without a trace.” Sure, missing, vengeful vampire style. “Both your parents were murdered and you were nearly so. It looks like your former boss has been stalking you for years. The police matched his prints to ones they lifted in your grandfather’s basement. That also helped convince the judge.”
“It’s not a lie, really. Karl was there both times.”
“Next time, don’t send a vamp away when you’re dying. They brought you in with two stab wounds, but Michael heard the screams every time they cut you.” His fangs are down. Whatever Leon planned for Lynn pales in comparison to the murder in Damon’s eyes.
“Michael bled all over the bar. I was crafty.”
“Very crafty,” Damon says, leaning in and then freezing. Handholding is my limit. Branden comes in. He doesn’t say anything, just holds my other hand.
Slowly, more vamps check in on me. Laura runs her fingers through my hair. Leon perches himself on the end of my bed. He kindly pushed my feet out of the way first. Doc checks my wounds. Then Eddie comes in. His eyes are still wild. “Don’t worry, Maggie, he won’t hurt you. New vamps always have that look. Your blood goes a long way to helping him adjust. He’s here because he needed to see that you’re okay, and he doesn’t want you to be mad at him for choosing this life.” Damon’s not only playing mediator, he’s playing a sort of father role to Eddie. 
The fresh vamp walks closer. His eyes buzz around in their sockets despite keeping their focus on me. I squeeze Damon’s hand.
“Hey, Eddie.” 
“It’s hard for him to talk right now, especially with you.”
“Then how do you know how he’s feeling?”
“I’m his sire. I’m able to connect with him on a deeper level. It helps me guide him through this life. Right now, he’s upset with himself that Karl got away. He really wants to slowly kill the guy.”
“I’m not mad at you, Eddie,” I say weakly. The brand new vamp steps closer. Damon leans in his direction a fraction, but it’s enough censure. Eddie hurries out of the room. “Are all new vamps so-”
“Hungry?” 
“No, emotional.” We laugh. It feels weird. 
Curtis and Brown come in dressed in street clothes. “You guys get promoted?”
“Are you going to ask us that every time you see us out of uniform?”
“Yes.” Both cops look at me like I’m some poor victim and it pisses me off. “Knock it off. Stop feeling sorry for me.” 
“Maggie, you can’t tell us what to do,” Brown says. Good response. Impressive. “It’s not pity. It’s sadness.”
“Well fine, be sad, swim in it,” I say before closing my eyes. On the clock, the nurse clears the room. I want to hug her for saving the day. Between the boyfriend who wants to shower me with endless kisses and the cops who think I’m a sorry beat up kid, I need the warm disinterested professionalism that only a nurse can provide. She does this calm chatter thing that fills the room, but tells me nothing. It’s nice. She changes my IV bag and checks my lines and then my wounds.
“These are healing nicely. I bet you’ll barely have a scar. The doctor was able to remove the stitches in record time.”
“How long was I out?”
“Four very long days. I went to the chapel every day and said a prayer for you, such a sweet thing to be hurt by such bad people.”
“I’m not so sweet.” My small, tired voice doesn’t help me out. She chuckles.
“Oh yes, by the number of people we’ve had to send away on an hourly basis I can tell you’re awful.” Who’s been here to see me? “You will be okay, Maggie. People like you carry the world and do it with a light that shines so bright.” She’s nutty. When the nurse leaves, I’m surprised to see Andy’s mom, Holly, walk in. Weary, but still pretty, she pulls up a chair.
“It’s time for you to talk to someone. Too much has happened. You can’t lock up the pain the way you did last time. My brother filled me in on everything. What you say will stay between you and me. Let’s start with why you didn’t tell the police that Karl was in your grandfather’s basement with you and why you were working for him at Raccoon’s.”
“I was blindfolded and I was so tired. I barely stayed conscious. He gave me a bath.” I look up at her on those words.
“Is that when he first met you?”
“He’s Frank’s son from before my mom. Karl seemed to already know me.”
“He’s your half-brother?” I shake my head.
“Frank’s not my real dad.”
“The police think your grandfather, Karl, Lynn, Casey, and the Leeds were driven by your estate, but they can’t account for the cruelty. Not often is the victim held captive for days being tortured to death. Is there more to what happened to you?”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore.”
“I won’t let you close up. What did Karl want with you?”
“He’s in love with me.” I tell her everything I can that has nothing to do with vampires. She runs her fingers through my hair. She’s doing it because I start sobbing when I tell her about him kissing me the way he did and all his touches. Karl’s attentions nearly broke me. He had so much love for me and I hated him. I felt helpless, and worse, I didn’t think I was going to get out of it. “How am I ever going to want-”
“This is cliche, but you need time. Then one day, you’ll want affection again. I promise you. Don’t rush it and don’t close yourself off. I know you’re worried about your relationship with your boyfriend. You’re scared you’ll lose him because you feel so different. If you can hold hands then hold hands. If you can handle him simply rubbing your back, whatever you can handle, let him do that.”
“Holly, I want to go home.” She gives me a warm smile and leaves the room. Next thing I know, the doctor is back in the room running through the guidelines for taking it easy. I’m free to swim as long as I pace myself, no running until I feel like I can run, and I can go to work as soon as I feel ready to do so. 
On the front steps when we pull into my driveway are three worried teenagers. They’re actually chewing their nails. Mac beats the rest of them and attempts to give me a hug, but Damon intercepts. “She’s still healing.” Mac nods and takes my hand. 
“Doris wouldn’t tell us any details, but the news said some guy tried to kill you. That was you, right?” I nod. Millie and Char look like they’re about to cry. The girls follow me inside and quickly find SpongeBob on TV. Damon hits the kitchen to cook me dinner, keeping his eyes on me the whole time. Every once in a while, we find each other and all I see and feel is need.
Millie fills in any silence with tales about her once bully, now not so much. “We’ll never be friends, but she can’t get over what a badass you are.” I don’t feel so badass right now. I don’t tell Millie that. Mac holds my hand most of the visit while Char plays with my hair. 
Damon kicks them out after an hour. I was ready for them to leave. Branden stays out of the way, but in my line of sight. Damon brings me a bowl of Lucky Charms. It didn’t take him an hour to pour cereal into a bowl, so he stood in the kitchen pretending to cook for most of my visit with the girls. I take his hand to my lips and kiss his knuckles. 
“Thank you, Maggie.” I wish I could give him more affection than that. I fall asleep on the couch with him holding my hand until the doorbell rings. I fly to my feet in fight position, and just as quickly fold over, wrapping my arms around my waist. 
“It’s okay, you’re safe. Branden’s getting the door.” I hear the booming voices of Jesse and Rick. Don’t they have to be at work? “I can’t hold you. Take my hand.” I take Damon’s hand and bring it up to my cheek.
“Can’t we just see her? Please.” Damon checks with me then gives the okay. In walk my bosses, if I still have a job. I have a violent, messy life. That’s not the best job security. 
“God, I’m so sorry. I told you to quit Raccoon’s and then your boss goes psycho on you.” Rick rushes over to me, but Damon gives him a stern look to keep his distance. 
“Karl had it all planned out,” I tell him. “I asked if me quitting was the reason he . . . he was hurting me and he said no. I promise.”
“Your friend, Branden, volunteered to work your shifts until you’re up to coming back, if you want to come back.”
“Of course, I do!” The island boys light up. They tell me that the big burly guys have been asking about me and that Ron, the Dockers guy with the bad date, asked about me too. After twenty minutes, Damon ushers them out. I spend the rest of the evening on the couch watching cartoons, pathetic ones that don’t make me laugh once. Branden trades places with Damon a few times. Neither one talks about what happened at Raccoon’s. Finally, it’s late enough I see the restlessness on their faces. This is the feeding hour. Any hour will suit them, but this is when their bodies really stir. I see it in Damon’s eyes first, wild and hungry, and tonight, ashamed. “It’s time for you to go to Leon’s.”
Damon shakes his head. “I don’t want to leave you.” 
“Do you hate what you are?” 
“Being a vamp?” He can’t hide the answer; he doesn’t hate it at all. There are drawbacks, sure, but he loves what he is. The gleam in his eyes, the licking of his lips, the way his body practically turns part animal all tell the story, Damon is a hunter.
“Then, this is you. You’re hungry and I’m not on the menu.” He laughs. 
“Just like that? You don’t hate what I am at all?” How did this turn from him needing to get his bite on into such a deep conversation?
“I don’t know how to answer that, Damon. I don’t know what you are fully. You all keep that world under lock and key. If you want more, I need perspective.” He looks down at his hands. The man wanted the easy answer. He wanted bullshit. “I have a good imagination though, and I didn’t live in a cave. I’ve seen tons of vampire movies. You have a reputation for being ruthless and bloody. But you’re not that way with my blood running through your body.” He looks up ready to correct me. “You’re not that way with innocents.” I said something right. He takes my hand and brings it to his lips, so soft and warm. His breath tickles and I almost want his mouth other places, but no, not yet. 
“Don’t worry, Maggie, you’ll feel yourself again. I promise.” He promises something he can’t possibly know, but I still believe him. I have to. He’s my Damon. “I’ll go first, and then switch off with Branden. I’ll be a couple hours. It’s not just about feeding. With you, I’m human, with Leon and the rest, I’m vampire. I need both worlds, Marguerite.” 
I lean my head back on the couch thinking how honest that was. Honest and kind of deep. He’s not just someone with different dietary needs. He’s also not the whiny kind of vamp that wallows in all the heinous things he’s done. It’s kind of Zen. I am what I am. Of course, I don’t think I will be so enamored if he’s ever off my blood for too long. Damon leaves and Branden takes over. 
“It’s just us now. Tell me everything.” I stretch out on the couch and pull the throw over my body. “Tell the story as many times as it takes. I’m not repeating the same mistakes I made after what happened back east.”
“What mistakes?”
“You kept your nightmare to yourself. You buried what needed to be voiced. I can’t let you bounce what happened at Raccoon’s in your head until all that suffering shifts into wraiths haunting you. This time I’m making sure you’re not alone. Damon wants you to talk to him. We all do, but they’re scared to push.”
“Vamps get scared?” I try to laugh it off, but my emotional and somewhat poetic best friend isn’t budging. I start from the moment Michael pulled into the parking lot at Raccoon’s. I give Branden the play by play and everything I was thinking along the way. I share more than I shared with Holly in the hospital. I tell the surprisingly great listener about Karl’s deep-rooted mission to wipe out vampires. I tell him how I threw my mom to the wolves and worse, with my sister, I sort of teased her almost.
“Why did your mom say you were just like your father? She loved Frank and hated you.” Yeah, what was that? “Do you think she was talking about your real dad?” It’s a thought. If she hated the man who donated half my genes, then he must have been bad, because she . . . wait. Bad to her is what thinks I am, a vampire. No way. That’s impossible. That’s one of those thoughts that pop in and need to pop right back out. “What are you thinking?”
“That I’m tired and I told you everything that happened. I don’t want to spend the rest of the evening analyzing every detail.” He tucks the blanket around my body and tenderly kisses my lips. I still jump.
“Sorry,” he says. I’m asleep before the guard changes, but when Damon sits on the floor next to me, I reach out and run my fingers through his pretty blond hair. His whole body sighs. It’s the perfect time to tell him he means the world to me, all of him no matter what he’s done, but I can’t. I don’t dream or have nightmares, and when I wake, Damon is sleeping on the floor next to the couch, dutifully holding my hand. 
Much to my surprise, the girls are at the door ready to hit the pool. I usher them in with my finger pressed to my mouth. It’s hard to wake one of my vamps, but these teen girls have the power. 
“Let’s go swimming,” Millie whispers.
“Um, I can’t race or play. I’d be dull company.” 
“Get your suit on. You’re one of us and this is what you need,” Mac says, not quite whispering. I don’t think she knows how.
“See, the thing is, I’m in bad shape. The stitches are out, but I have bruises and stuff.”
“Move it,” Mac says a little louder. She’s playing a little game called, do it or I’ll wake your boyfriend. I smile and do as commanded. Over my suit, I throw on sweats and a long sleeved tee. I may dress down in my oversized boy’s shirts, but I’m totally opposed to wearing sweats outdoors unless it’s to run in the cold. The beginning of August is not cold enough to warrant such workout clothes. 
“That’s a look for sure,” Char says in a bratty way. I like her more. Michael is standing off in the distance, not coming too close and not looking at me. What’s that about? Once inside, the pensive vamp sits in the back, still avoiding all eye contact. 
“Why is Mike always here when we are? He’s not your boyfriend, right?” Millie asks about my guard-duty vampire.
“He’s looking out for me.” The smell of chlorine in the air and the quiet that comes with a still pool throw my arms into action and next thing I know I’m down to my suit. The girls are gaping near tears. 
“Shoot. Sorry.” I reach for my towel, but Mac grabs my hand.
“Belt, right?” I catch her eyes and start to cry. I hate that look, the one that says, “Know you, love you.” All three girls wrap around me while I cry. “My dad went through a belt phase,” Mac confesses after a few minutes of me sobbing. Her words stop me cold.
“Is your dad still around?”
“Yeah, but he’s on the wagon.” I study her to see if I can find any of my kind of lying in her words. I don’t find any. “He’s a bad drunk, just the hard stuff. Beer was never a problem, but give the man some Jack and the smallest thing would set him off. It got bad and he lost it one night. He broke out the belt and hit my mom and me. She kicked him out and didn’t take him back for a year. He had to go through a lot of hoops.” Good job, Mac’s mom. 
Several minutes later, my body is still tense from thinking that someone hurt a person I care about, and I care about these girls. “Wow, Millie wasn’t exaggerating. You look scary when you get all protective.” Mac meant her words, but more than that, my protectiveness touched her.
Before I know it, I’m walking down the steps into the pool. It’s the perfect temperature, not ice-cold, but refreshingly cool in the summer. It’s chilly enough not to hurt the various welts on my body. The girls play while I float around feeling weightless, willing the water to bring me back to life. 
I stay until the girls leave. Something about plans with their parents. I soak in their hugs and nice words, and then I’m alone with the strange vampire. Much to my surprise, he strips down to swim shorts, the hot kind that makes me think cute California surfer. I can see so many reasons right off the bat why he’s so successful with women, sleek, fit, hot, slightly unpleasant. That’s Michael. 
He slides into the water and wades over to me. I watch him carefully without fear or nervousness. He’s my friend. I feel that all the way through. “I haven’t been by to see you,” he says, looking down at the water.
“Noticed that.”
“Didn’t think you’d want me around.” 
“Why?”
“Why? I killed your family. That’s why.”
“No. I did. I handed them over to an injured vamp with a well-placed grudge. Do you think I hoped you would hold back? Do you honestly think I would have if it was me under those chains and an appetite for what flowed through their bodies?” He finally looks right at me and not really in that “we’re just friends” kind of way, but he keeps it in check. 
“You’re one of us. You think you don’t fit anywhere, that you’re too different to be us or them.” I look away, that’s exactly how I feel. He moves closer without touching me or scaring me that he will. “You’re the best of us, human and vampire and better than either.” 
“Did you miss the part where I’m a killer?” He laughs.
“You’re a defender. Those boys in your parents’ basement were your mom and sister’s zombie puppets. When you had to make the call between saving a vampire and saving a bloodthirsty human whose only tie to you was that she gave birth to you, you didn’t hesitate. And best of all, when you had your sister’s life in your hands, you made her face her actions before she died. You made that bitch admit what she had done in cold blood to the only person who ever really loved her. Casey killed her own father. Frank deserved to die, but not by her hand. Now with me, the real monster in the room, you don’t look at me differently. You call me your friend. I have family and enemies, but friends? That is quite uncommon in the world of vampires, especially with a human, a young, beautiful, pure, magical human.”
“Is that another virgin crack?” He laughs. I try to, but I feel his words. It’s hard to see the world as he does. Yet it’s similar to how I see it, at least in the justice department. They all deserved their deaths. I don’t feel an ounce of remorse for them. I only wish Karl were in the recently departed group as well. 
This world of vengeance and rightful deaths is so vampire. I need to connect with the human side of me. It’s time for me to get back to something I gave up with my mom on the loose. I need to reinstate my Andy-time. We head back to the house where Damon and Branden are still knocked out. Michael waits while I shower and dress. 



Twenty-four
Aqua long sleeved fitted tee, army green hip hugging cargo pants, my Sketchers, and I’m ready to go run laps with a little cherub boy. “You look nice.” I shoot Michael a look.
“Don’t start doing that. I can take the critique of my choice in shirts and even comments about my unruly hair, but don’t do the smitten compliment bullshit.” He laughs.
“Who says I’m smitten?”
“I look nice? That is so not you. You’re all about ‘you’d look nice riding on top of me.’ Not, ‘you look nice.’” 
“All right, you sure would look amazing in that shirt and nothing else while riding on top of me. Is that better?” I laugh.
“Damon’s going to want to have a word with you.” 
“Yes, he’s had a few with me already.” 
After a bowl of Cap’n Crunch and a few barbs over my choice of cereal, we head to Luke and Holly’s. Not a far drive, but we still have to go past Raccoon’s. My mouth drops when I see that they’re open for business. Michael is shocked, too. I shake my head and keep on going. I wonder if asshole Jim took over. Fitting, I guess. 
To say the small family of three is shocked to see me standing at their door just before the noontime slot is a complete understatement. If Luke were a cartwheels kind of guy, he would be flipping around all over the house. Andy can’t stop bouncing. Holly cries a little. 
“Settle down.” They try, not Andy. 
“We’re happy to see you,” says Luke who’s preparing lunch for the kid. I should have noticed first thing how different the place looks, especially considering all the grief I gave them for the country-gone-wrong interior design. There’s not a theme so much as an appreciation for pretty stuff, pretty to them, and by the wall of movie posters lining the hallway to the bathroom, pretty to Andy too. Someone is a Degas fan. Someone also likes Monet, his winter landscapes you don’t often see.
Holly sits next to me (and Michael who said he would not wait in the car again). When I introduced him, I told the recently reunited couple that he’s watching out for me. 
I stare out the window to the small fenced in front yard. They got rid of the lace and ugly blinds. I like sky blue curtains, even the little red cherries are cute.
“I love what you’ve done with the place.” I tease, but they know I mean it.
“Well good, when you don’t like something you tell us . . . repeatedly.” I grin. That’s true. Luke and Holly take off and I hit the running loop with Andy. I feel like I’m in a time warp here where nothing bad happened. I get a few bouncing hugs from the boy and watch a couple movies. He breaks out the first Star Trek movie. Michael stays quiet, but during the movie, he reaches out and touches my hair. 
“Damon’s gonna-”
“Yes, have a word with me.” 
By the time Luke returns, Andy is at the tail end of a hearty nap and Michael is at the beginning of his. The once thunderous dad learned to be quieter. That’s Holly’s influence. Luke sets his worn leather briefcase on the table and calls me over. 
“I did something you might be angry about.” I’m about to jump down his throat without even knowing what he’s talking about, but he keeps going. “While you were in the hospital, I asked Branden to show me some of your artwork. He loaned me a few pieces.” I throw my hands up in the air, ready to start yelling. “Wait, let me finish. You belong in school. Not just a community college. Your roommate told me about your plans to take my class. I would love nothing more, but you deserve the whole experience.” 
“Luke, you should have come to me, not him.”
“I’d say you’re right, but you would have dismissed my request. A four-year school, you deserve to have that. You grew up fast. Take a step back and be a kid.”
“What school are you talking about?”
“Glacier.” I just about start screaming at him when he points to Andy and Michael. Tricky human.
“That was my dad’s dream for Casey. I can’t go there.”
“It has nothing to do with him. Frank was a nobody there. No one other than the mailman knew he existed. Your sister had less than one summer term under her belt and all she took was PE.” Lazy bitch. “The head of admissions is a friend of mine. I showed him your paintings. Maggie, they’re good. You could learn so much, and not just about art. College is about being wide-eyed and open.”
“Luke, I’m done talking about this. I want my paintings back.” I grab my keys and nudge Michael. “We’re going.” I give Andy a kiss on his forehead and walk out without another word.
My flirty vampire takes off as soon as we get home. Damon clears out. No one wants to be around me this pissed off. Branden is in his room sleeping it off with a hottie under his arm. 
“Branden, wake up!” I shout, propelling both of them out of bed. They’re naked. I don’t blink while they scramble to throw on boxers. “You just hand my paintings over? Did you know what Luke wanted? Did you know he wanted me to go to Glacier?”
“You want to have this out? Because I’m not going to pussyfoot around you just because you’re recovering from getting your ass kicked.”
“Asshole.”
“Yeah, I am. But I love you and I’m not letting you waste another two years of your life like you did last time. You’re this brave girl when it comes to death stuff, but life stuff you’re a fucking pussy. You haven’t even told Damon you love him. You barely tell me. What, two times or something?” 
“Asshole.”
“I’m not arguing that. Rick’s is a good place. I like you working there. I think babysitting Andy grounds you, but you’re doing this. You’re going to Glacier. Be pissed, pout, give me the silent treatment. Fine. I’ll be sad, but you’re going.” The one-night stand has already cleared out, leaving two best friends facing each other, fuming. He even throws in some vamp temper in his words. I lean against the wall and slide down to the floor.
“I don’t know how to be in that world, Branden,” I say in defeat. He slides down next to me.
“Just be you and you’ll be fine, better than fine.” We sit there for a while before he starts telling me about the man he just had all night long. 
“These romps, are they biting romps or . . .”
“Depends, this one was all of it. Oh, it was awesome.” I blush, drawing out one of his pitchy laughs. “I have to get ready for work.” What?
“Wait, my job?” He nods with a barely veiled smirk. He knows I’m ready for that much. I hop up without hugging him. At the door, I stop. “Branden, you’re my best friend. You were the first person to teach me anything about love. I don’t say it all the time, but don’t play off that you can’t feel how much I care about you. So don’t go for the low blow. I’m not one of your boy-toys.” He roars. I smile all the way through my bowl of Cocoa Krispies.
“Hey.” Damon is sitting on the steps waiting for me. “It’s my shift,” he says with a cute grin eased across his face. I take his hand to my lips and close my eyes. “You’re going to be the hottest college girl ever.” They’re all in on it. I let him drive me to work. I tell him about my morning with the girls and the flirty Michael. For some reason, he laughs it off. “You’re wondering why I’m not jealous.” 
“Um, yeah, a totally hot guy who I like hit on me all morning.” 
“Thanks for elaborating.” I laugh, he does too. “I love that sound, you know. Michael is already half in love with you, but he wants you to have what you want and it’s impossible for any of us to ignore who you choose.” He says that with so much pride and ownership. It should piss me off, but all it does is kind of turn me on. “You’ll be yourself in no time, Maggie. Look at you already.” I blush. “I love that, too.” One day he’ll just come out and say he loves me and not this pussy way of telling me. He parks a few blocks away, giving me the walk to Rick’s enough time to go over the ground rules.
“If you insist on shadowing me, and I admit it’s nice, then you have to know your place. At work, I handle problem customers, and if I can’t, then you have to let Rick be the one to step in. He’s my boss.” 
“I know you can handle yourself. Besides wanting to watch you work, I’m here scouting for Karl and possibly Seth.”
“Seth?” That guy? He tasted my blood, I bit him, and then all the Pearl Estates’ vamps rallied around me to show Seth he’s wasting his time coming after me. “Didn’t you all scare him off?”
“Hardly. You might have scared him off a little. He’s not one of us. We don’t know how meeting you affected him. He tasted you and instantly wanted to keep you. Then there’s the other thing. None of us has ever been bitten, even by other vamps, other than when we were sired and that wasn’t pleasant. Leon says your bite is something else entirely. So cute, your cheeks turn the prettiest shade of pink.” What a shit. 
“Maggie!” Jesse sees me first and raises his arms up in the air for a long distance hug. “You working tonight?” 
“I didn’t want to subject you to working with Branden.” He laughs. Jesse has met the gayest vamp in the world. Branden’s a good waiter. He has his setting, and this isn’t it, hell, Raccoon’s wasn’t either. I think Pure would suit him perfectly. 
Damon squeezes my hand and slides onto a stool at the counter. He’s my first customer of the day. I flirt unabashedly. Rick is thrilled to have me start up right away, and when I slip in the back to see Madre, she gives me a warm mom smile. 
“Dear, you’re back. The boys have been so worried about you.” Her eyes well up, forcing her to look away. I rub her arm and head off to start my shift. The burly guys show up and the whole place overflows with their booming voices and laughter. 
“Rick said you weren’t going to be here for a while.”
“If you can’t trust a pizza man who can you trust? Will it be the broccoli monstrosity again?” They laugh and then order brown sugar garlic bread, personal pizzas, and beer. They’re easy, just keep the glasses full. 
Within an hour, the place is brimming. In the middle of the hustle and bustle, Luke walks in. I was harsh last time I spoke to him. The man looks repentant as hell, and he didn’t do anything wrong.
“Don’t do that, Luke. I was an asshole. You were trying to do something nice for me.” His body eases up. “I’m bummed to be missing out on your class.” 
A grin spreads across his face. “New classes start up two weeks before Glacier. You can sit in on them until then, as my guest.” I want to hug him, but I’m not ready. 
“Go sit next to Damon and have some pizza. Jesse is a kitchen god.”
“I heard that,” Jesse shouts. I suspect he takes compliments poorly. 
“Thanks for that, Maggie. He’ll be calling himself that forever now.” I mouth too bad to Rick and give him my most bratty smile. Luke and Damon spend a while talking about what, I have no idea; the place is too busy for me to do anything but move my ass. 
“Don’t you remember me?” I take a second look at the guy whose near-black hair is too long for his own good and his generic brown eyes, and still can’t place him. 
“Nope. What can I get you all?” The three pretty boys spend more time staring at my boobs than reading the menus, but I wait for their orders anyway.
“We went on a date once.” I see Damon’s body tense, but he doesn’t turn around. 
“Looks like we weren’t a perfect match.” 
“Yeah, you were sort of a tease.”
“You’re a peach. Have you decided what you want?” 
“Yeah, how about a second date?”
“For so many reasons, how about not? Let’s do the whole patron/waitress thing where you choose something from the menu and I relay it to the chef.” He reaches out for me and I jump back. I don’t mean to overreact, but how can I let him touch me? 
“Don’t be like that.” 
“I’ll come back when you’ve decided.” I scan the tables to make sure I have the three minutes I need to duck into the bathroom, have a mini-breakdown, and throw water on my face. My heart is racing and my hands are shaking. I’ve been hit on plenty and grabbed too many times, but this time catches me off guard. Both restrooms are occupied, leaving the dishwashing station as the only place I can pull myself together. 
“You look upset,” Madre says as she slaves away in steam and noise.
“I just needed some water on my face.” She grabs the faucet and turns it toward me. Before I can threaten her, she sprays me. I screech and laugh at the same time. 
“You can’t always tough it out, sometimes you need to laugh it out.” I give her a hip bump, wipe my face on her shirtsleeve, and head back to my tables. Rick takes the order from the guys who were bothering me. I don’t protest, which means they really got under my skin. 
The night moves along. Luke takes off. Damon shares several intense glances with me. And eventually the rush dies down. I relieve Madre before my break. I want to spray her back, but I’ll save it for when she least expects it. I wink at her, letting her know this isn’t over. She swats my butt with a dishrag and heads out to her booth to put her feet up and shut her eyes. 

“I like watching you work,” Damon says as I chow down on my pizza. Our bodies aren’t touching, but I can almost taste the energy between us. 
“Go ahead and take off, Maggie. You look tired,” Rick says.
“You don’t have to baby me.” He walks over and leans in.
“You don’t have to be such a hard ass.” I am tired and sore. I give him a conceding smile and mumble a thank you. 
Damon takes me home without saying much. When I sit on the couch, he comes over and joins me. “So who were those guys?” He’s not brooding, is he?
“Strangers, including the one who claimed to have gone on a date with me. Tease, my ass. I went through a phase where if a charming enough guy asked me out, I said yes. No one made it past the first date, and no one got a kiss.” 
“You were looking for me,” he says matter of fact.
“Yes.” He moves closer. Now the sides of our bodies are touching.
“Is this okay?” I nod slowly. The small amount of contact is enough to make me dizzy.
I wake up on the couch in my clothes from the night before. My body is sore and stiff from pushing myself too hard. Since Doris asked me to spend time with Millie, the girls have decided I’m part of their morning wake up routine. When the doorbell rings, it’s just Millie. 
“They have to spend some nights at their own houses.” I sit in the hot tub while Millie swims laps. Michael tells me all about his most recent Marta. I tell him about work and the big mission to get me to go to Glacier. 
“You’re already in.” I don’t say anything. The vamps aren’t hearing it. I’m going to college come September and there’s nothing that will change their minds. 
“When is this escort business going to end?”
“No one told me I was supposed to be an escort. You’ve been missing out.” I splash him.  
Millie comes over out of breath. “I’m sorry, I have to go. Doris wants to go to the cemetery today. Every year she pours a bottle of tequila on her late husband’s grave. We spend the rest of the day at the mall buying stuff he’d hate.” I like Doris. 
The heat and jets do their job. I feel just right. Michael watches me carefully. My guess is he’s trying to think of a way to talk to me. I’m about to ask him what’s his deal when the back wall becomes one giant flame. I’ve never seen anything like it, every color in motion. I stare instead of run. Michael grabs my arm and races us to the door. 
He kicks it down, and all I hear is muffled shots, not gunfire like on TV, something thicker and slower sounding. Next thing I know, Michael drops to his knees, in his chest are four darts sticking out. I look up and it’s Karl holding a funny looking gun. He fires again. I feel searing pain and heat in my shoulder, then nothing. Numb and empty blackness.



Twenty-five
“Michael!” I screech. My breathing is the only thing I hear, the sound, rough and ragged. I’m in a bedroom with bars on the windows, one of those heavy metal doors, and worst of all, a bed. I look down. I’m still in my bathing suit. My shoulder burns from where that bastard shot me. A dress, a pair of panties, and a note are splayed out on the bed. I read the note without touching it.
“I bought you something pretty to wear. Knock when you’re ready. I thought I would give you the option of cooperating.”
If Karl ties me up, I’m in trouble. I have to play his game until I find a way out. Ignoring the proffered underwear, I slip the breezy floral dress over my suit. Pacing makes the wait worse, so I sit on the bed. When the doorknob jiggles, I shoot to my feet. My heart leaps out of my chest, sending terror-filled pain to every part of my body. 
“You look perfect. Look at what that bitch did to you. The news said Casey murdered my dad.”
“Karl, please let me go.” He walks over, forcing me to really look at him. There’s nothing that screams psychopath. Brown hair, light brown eyes, cute face, light skin. He’s tall like Frank, but he’s fit, overly so. 
“I never should have left you with Lynn and Casey. You’re mine to protect. How can I let you go again?” My head just about explodes. Rage turns me into a twitching, screaming wild thing. The man who will not stop kidnapping and trying to keep me backs away calmly as if my reaction is perfectly normal.
“You’ve been through a lot. It will be better now. Please stop screaming.” I fly at him and start hitting. Not indiscriminately either. I hit his nose with the heel of my hand hard enough I know something cracked. I knee him in the nuts. I kick his knee. I dispatch every hit with speed and fury. I’m not tied down and I’m not going to let this guy have me. I hurt his knee because he’s running after me with a limp. I hear promises of a better life as he chases me. He’s so mad; his voice comes out as a slow hiss.
In the kitchen, a steaming pan of scrambled eggs stops me in my tracks. The fucker was making me breakfast? I hate him. I grab the pan and swing it around, making loud contact with the side of his face.
The fight looks like it’s going my way until the last hit with the pan. I think of the saying, “She knocked some sense into you.” Only not sense, but unfiltered rage. He straightens his body as if he’s not damaged at all. I run, but he catches me and doesn’t let me go. I slam the back of my head into his face, spurring a violent toss in the air. I crash into a window. God, this is an old house with old windowpanes. A dagger shard slices through my arm, spilling blood out of my body in a steady stream. I can only hope some stay-at-home mom or nosy old person heard my scream. 
“You’re hurt, Maggie. Let me take care of you.” Karl switches back to his kinder-still-scary self when he sees the damage. My body sinks to the floor.
“I’m dying, Karl. Is that what you want?” He rushes over. I see what to do, grab a shard and stab him in the neck, but I can’t do it. 
“No, of course not. I love you.” 
“Don’t tell me that. You keep hurting me. You gave me back to Mercer.”
“No, I left clues for your vampires to find you.” He’s fading in and out, but I see his face, he does love me and I hate that. It was easy to destroy Lynn and Casey; there was no good in them. Karl is crazy, but he has this, this tiny fleck of humanity in him. 
“If you love me, then call them. They’ll save me, Karl. Call them and never come after me or them again.” He peels off his shirt. I stare at the shard of glass that could so easily stop him forever. My hands don’t even twitch to take action. 
“Hold this to your arm,” he says in a broken voice. He pushes his shirt in my hand. Then he’s gone. Clouds float by so fast, the sun comes through the rest of the windows in fast flickers, lighting up the broken glass. I lose myself in the sparkles. I fought the way I always told myself I would. I did my best. 
“Maggie, stay with us. Oh God. Look at me. Stay with me.” I search for Damon’s face, but all I see is fractured light. Then I feel that burning sensation deep inside me. Hunger so sharp and demanding it’s life itself. The relentless burn reaches my chest and pushes all air out of my lungs in a heady exhale. My eyes fly open. I thought they were already open. I see Damon, but I don’t really see him. I see his blood pulsing. “Drink.” 
His one word commands my entire body into action. My fangs drop, the sensation more an ache of anticipation, than teeth stabbing through gums. My body knows I’m going to feed. My hands shoot up and grab his cut wrist. The fresh wound is closing, but it’s too late. He called me with his blood. 
I lean in slow, savoring his fast pulse. “You’re singing to me, Damon.”
“I know.” Our eyes lock, one hunter to another. The moment my teeth touch his skin, I feel something travel between us, a fuzzy, sweet energy. He shivers and moans. I almost giggle. Just as I sink in, a spark of power blasts through me. His eyes widen in the knowledge that I’m taking him. One day he’ll take me, not with my blood, but I’ll hand my body over to him. Right now, his blood is mine. The first pull has Damon throwing his head back. He’s lost to his part-vampire girlfriend. 
Just as I thought, I’m totally the neatest bloodsucker ever. Not a drop spilled. Damon doesn’t have to tell me to stop. I feel the moment I’m restored like some timer going off in my body. I release him and kiss the wound. It closes right there.
“That was maybe one of the hottest things I’ve ever seen.” Michael says in a voice to match his words. “Fuck, Maggie, I’m the worst guard in the history of protectors.” Damon stares at me in awe not saying a single word. My arm is perfectly healed when I look down to inspect the damage. “We healed you first. You were really out of it.”
“Karl called you, didn’t he?” That snaps Damon out of it.
“He called me. He’s gone. Did he . . .” I shake my head and smile. For me, this was vindication. I wasn’t tied down. Karl didn’t kiss me or touch me sweetly. 
“Take me home.” Damon gladly obliges. We rush through the world at lightning speed and, weirdly enough, walk hand in hand through my house and up to the bathroom. I look down to see my arm spic and span clean. He shrugs.
“You can’t blame us. We’re vamps.” Hard to argue that. “It’s too soon for anything physical, I know, but I’m going to stay here while you take a shower.” He closes the toilet lid and sits down. When I don’t make a move, he shoots back to his feet. “I’ll stand facing the door, maybe that’s better. Just don’t send me away. I’ll be good. I promise.”
“How good will you be?” I’m actually flirting. I look up to the imagined heavens above and grin in pure delight. His shirt flies in the air, over my head. Then I see him stripping down so fast he’s tripping over himself.
“I’ll be so very good,” he promises, but he can’t pull off sexy right now because I’m laughing at the spectacle. A naked Damon walks past me and starts the shower. Just as steam fills the room, he returns to me, pulls the flimsy dress over my head, and tosses it in the trash. He helps me out of my swimsuit. I’m not sure why that has me blushing so much. 
Despite the flirting and laughter, the shower takes on a completely different atmosphere, a quiet one where his sure and gentle hands finally rid me of every bad touch I’ve known. He’s resetting my brain, saying, “This feels nice, and you want this.” It’s working. It would be easy to tell him now that I love him, but I don’t want to associate those words with what happened today, which is why I know whatever happens after this shower won’t be him taking my virginity. He doesn’t want our first time associated with a day with Karl either. 
In my room, after toweling off, I dress in an old white Hanes tee and a pair of white cotton panties. He’s in his light blue boxers. I still see a few droplets of water drying on his neck. “Can I kiss you?” he asks from across the room. His blue eyes burn through me with waves of heat I can barely handle. 
“Please,” I reply. He crosses the room. One hand brushes the wet hair from my face then traces my features with his thumb.
“You’re beautiful,” he says in his hungry voice. “Your bite was the most amazing thing I’ve ever experienced.” That does it. I close the space between us so our bodies are touching. We both sigh. I tip toe. He leans down. Our lips barely touch and I want to jump up and down like some fucking cheerleader. He goes slow. He doesn’t want to scare me. But I want his kiss. I reach around his neck and tangle my fingers in his wet hair. 
“Kiss me, Damon.” His arms wrap around me and pull me off my feet. My body knows him, recognizes he’s the one holding me. Our eyes meet, his are vampire hungry, and it doesn’t scare me. That, for some reason, drives him wild. His mouth is hard on mine when he inches us to the bed, stopping at its edge. “I’m not scared with you.” 
“Not even a little bit,” he says as we fall back together. I savor being on top of him for all of five seconds before he rolls us over. He shifts up to his elbows to look down at me.
“You’re my little vampire girl.” He swallows my retort with another hard kiss. His sharp teeth cut my lip, but I don’t even flinch. “Oh God, Maggie.” Heated hands roam over my clothes. I’m ready for this much. He doesn’t cut my lip again and we kiss and touch each other, nothing too hot and heavy, until I can barely keep my eyes open.

The alarm goes off, telling me it’s time for my evening shift at Rick’s. I never need one to wake me in the morning, but sometimes I get distracted and need a work reminder. Damon is sleeping next to me with the sheet tangled between his legs. 
Thursday nights at Rick’s are all about the college kids starting their night out with a good meal before they hit the clubs. I decide I can’t hide away in long sleeved shirts forever. Last night I thought I was going to get heat stroke. My wrists have bruises from the zip ties and my arms have a couple healing welts. People can deal with that. 
So in my black Beatles tee, snug boot cut jeans, and Sketchers, I tackle a busy night at the best pizza parlor ever. Rick tries not to notice my welts, but when I pull a couple beers right in front of him, he whistles under his breath. “Shit,” is all he says.
“Do you have low-fat pizza?” asks a squeaky, twenty-something blonde, sporting too much glossy lipstick and a tank top that shares with everyone her boobs are definitely not God given. I look at her date and quirk him a little smile. Ron and his bad setups. 
“Low-fat how? You could go with something that doesn’t have cheese and meat, that’s the bulk of calories.” She looks at me and actually pops her gum, strawberry. Classy.
“I mean something that won’t go straight to my ass.” Okay. 
“You could have a salad.” Why doesn’t Ron ever go out with a nice girl? What’s up with these Barbie burnouts? 
“What do you eat here? Your ass is perfect.” She reaches around and grabs me. I drop my empty tray. Ron’s eyes bug. She’s holding my ass the whole time.
“Well, that’s a new one. Hand off the ass please. Jesse back there can make you whatever you would like. I suggest a salad if you’re on a diet. As for what I eat here, I’m a pepperoni girl.” I look at Ron and smile as he orders the veggie pizza, same as last time. He smiles back. She ends up getting a personal pepperoni pizza. All night she flirts with me, and it seems obvious to both her date and me. 
Damon pops in a couple hours into my shift just in time to catch Ron’s date slip me her number. I don’t even know how to handle that. I walk over to Damon who settles himself at the counter.
“You left without me,” he says slightly injured.
“You needed two things pretty badly, so I didn’t want to disturb you.” One being sleep, since he and the rest of the vamps were woken up by Michael as soon as the tranquilizer darts were out of his system, which took a good twenty minutes. It took me a couple hours with just one dart. The other need I could not meet was blood, but I don’t mention that. 
“Thanks for the kissing,” I say before getting back to my tables. 
Ron’s date takes off, leaving him alone at the table. “You really know how to pick ‘em. Or, you need new friends.” 
“Yes, this was new, my date hitting on my waitress. I think I’ve reached a new low. I didn’t see the ass grab coming or how long she kept her hand there.”
“Did you get her number, because I did?” I laugh so hard I almost forget I’m working. I get Ron another beer and float around the place getting refills and delivering Jesse’s amazing creations. Rick stays settled behind the bar, coming out only when I’m backed up on taking food to tables. When the place settles down, I go relieve Madre. She takes one look at my wrists and cusses. When I come back out, Curtis and Brown are standing there out of uniform.
“No, we did not get promoted,” Curtis says in a slightly distracted voice. “We’re checking up on you. God, it smells good in here.” I have two straggler tables. Ron is nursing a beer, while an old couple in the back is doing that slow eating and late night coffee drinking thing. 
“Come on then, have a seat.” They sit at the counter next to Damon. 
“Why didn’t you call us today?” Curtis is doing the talking. Brown looks too peeved. “The way we hear it, your pool house was set on fire this morning. It had the same signature as the previous fires Karl set. And when the police went looking for you, they couldn’t find you. Your towel was there along with your keys and the door was busted down.” I look around, hoping a table needs my help. No such luck. Rick is standing off to the side, but in listening range. Damon isn’t helping me at all. I’m a terrible liar. 
“Why didn’t I call you?” I ask. “Um, you see me now, I’m okay.” Brown groans. “Look, I didn’t think to call. I forgot about the fire altogether.” I think they interpret my response as pure flippancy because they both fidget angrily. 
“It was Karl. He set the fire, shot Michael with a tranquilizer, then shot Maggie. He took her. He had a change of heart and called us. We came and got her. She really did forget about the fire.” I look at Damon, puzzled at the free flow of information. Rick shifts closer, his expression matching the cops, disbelief.
“This isn’t a joke, Damon. He’s dangerous,” Curtis says in a stern voice. I see the old couple winding down and run over with their check and a small to go box. They pay cash and tip little. That’s fine. I made out like a bandit and old people are on a fixed income. I head back to the counter where a heated argument doesn’t quiet down for my benefit. 
“Show me where you were shot,” demands Brown. 
“Why?”
“So it’s true? Why didn’t you report it? What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking there isn’t anything the police can do. I’m thinking he’s too good.”
“Show me.” I pull my shirt collar to the side revealing a couple more welts, forcing Rick’s eyes away, and there it is, the bruise and puncture mark from the damn dart. “He set fire to your pool house, fucking shot you with a tranq, and kidnapped you again. And you didn’t call us!” Brown says that way too loud and now Jesse comes out from the back. 
“What do you want me to do? I fought! Gave Karl everything I had. It looked like I was on the losing side of the battle. I begged him to let me go. What else is there to do? He’s a ghost. If he shows up, you won’t know. I don’t want to spend my life scared of him. Do you know what that’s like? To wake up and not know how bad you’re going to get it? Do you know what it’s like to be scared to go to sleep every night? I’m not scared of him right now. If he shows up, I’ll be scared then, but not now. 
“I didn’t call because Damon took me home and took care of me and it was the first time I wanted him to kiss me since Karl had me tied down in his office. I didn’t think about anything but Damon and then I came straight here. It sounds flighty and dangerous, but you know what it was? A moment of healing.” 
No one says a word, then I hear Ron set his glass down and I feel like finding a tiny hole and climbing in it. “Order some pizza before we close and I’ll eat with you. Don’t be pissed. I like you and this is how I am, ask Damon. I’m so annoying.” They laugh, which I can tell they weren’t expecting to. I turn to deal with a regular who now knows too much about me. 
“Again, bad date, good night,” Ron says as he stands up and doles out five twenties.
“You know, it would help you out financially if you looked at the bill.” 
He smiles and leans in, “I wouldn’t worry about Karl Beeker Harris, Maggie Lane. I truly believe he’s had a change of heart.” Damon slowly turns around and locks eyes with Ron. The cops are putting their order in with Rick. My boyfriend eases over to me and slips his arm around my waist.
“Ronen, it’s been a while. How goes the heavenly masses?”
“Better these days, as I’m sure you have witnessed for yourself.” Ron looks at me and bows. He smirks at Damon, tips an imaginary hat, and walks out. 
“Well, that settles that about Karl. We don’t have to worry about him anymore.”
“What do you mean? How do you know Ron?”
“I guess it’s time to share our world with you. You’re in the thick of it.”
“You know I’m totally confused.”
“Yes, and it’s not about to get very much clearer, especially with a pesky angel staking claim in our territory.”
###


Books by Robyn Jones
A Touched Girl Series
Soul Walker
Soul Bender
Soul Twister (coming spring 2014)

Maggie Lane Chronicles
Shadow Town 



About Robyn Jones
I'm the mom of two hardcore boys. My oldest trained me to be matter-of-fact, no frills. My youngest wants the whole singsongy sweet package. Thank goodness for reading and writing because they are my sanity makers. I know life is all about the journey, that's why I like my fiction to be all about the destination. I want to be taken somewhere not here when I read, same goes with the stories I create. Thrills, chills, tears, and laughter, but there has to be something to hold on to at the end. I'm a chatty girl, so do stop by my favorite cyber hangouts. 

Twitter
Goodreads
Blog

