
Six Short Stories
by
Joe C. Ellis


Upper Ohio Valley Books
Upper Ohio Valley Books
Joe C. Ellis
71299 Skyview Drive
Martins Ferry, OH 43935
Phone: 1-740-633-0423
Email: joecellis@comcast.net
www.joecellis.com
Copyright © Joe C. Ellis, 2014

Printed in the U.S.A.
First printing, February 2014

PUBLISHER’S NOTE
Although this short story collection is set in actual places, the Outer Banks and the Ohio Valley, it is a work of fiction. The characters, names, and plot are the products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance of these characters to real people is entirely coincidental. Many of the places mentioned in the stories are wonderful places to visit. Their involvement in the plot of the story however is purely fictional. It is the author’s hope that this novel generates great interest in these wonderful regions of the U.S.A., and as a result many people will plan a vacation at these locations and experience the beauty of this setting firsthand.

CATALOGING INFORMATION
Ellis, Joe C., 1956-
Six Short Stories by Joe C. Ellis
1.Outer Banks—Fiction. 2. Wheeling, WV—Fiction
3. Martins Ferry, Ohio—Fiction 4. Sports—Fiction  5. Inspirational—Fiction.
6.Running--Fiction
Attention Filmmakers, Editors, and Publishers: If you are interested in Film/Television Rights, Foreign Rights, or American Publishing Rights to Six Short Stories, please contact:
Joe C. Ellis
71299 Skyview Drive
Martins Ferry, Ohio 43935



Acknowledgments
The author would like to thank the following people for their help:
Gretchen Snodgrass has done an excellent job carefully editing my writing for many years. I am always amazed at her ability to catch errors, both in grammar and plausibility. Also chipping in with editing contributions was my daughter, Rebekah Ellis Shirley. 
I would also like to thank my wife, Judy Harris Ellis, who has patiently persevered through the years as I have juggled so many responsibilities while trying to write. She is one of the few people who understands me at the core of my being. Because of that understanding, she has enabled me to envision and create. 
These short stories have been written over a period of about twelve years. Most of the scenes have been inspired by my own experiences combined with my imagination. William Faulkner once said, “I discovered that my own little postage stamp of native soil was worth writing about and that I would never live long enough to exhaust it.” I can certainly relate to his words. Practically all of my settings are either in the Ohio Valley where I grew up or on the Outer Banks where I vacation regularly. I hope you enjoy these stories, these small slices of my life.

A Note to Readers
All my novels are now available in ebook and paperback formats from Amazon.com (Kindle) and Barnesandnoble.com (Nook) . If you enjoyed Six Short Stories please email your friends and tell them about it. Also, I would like to hear from you. Email me with any comments or questions at joecellis@comcast.net and visit my website at www.joecellis.com.

Thanks for checking out my other novels,
 
Joe C. Ellis








SIX SHORT STORIES
By Joe C. Ellis




Page 1 The Shark

Page 16	 The Dead of Winter

Page 23	 The Last Game

Page 43	 Consider the Sparrows

Page 57	 The Bridge

Page 114 Wheatfield with Crows











Novels by Joe C. Ellis

All novels are available in both ebook format for the Nook and Kindle and paperback from Amazon.com and BarnesandNoble.com

THE OUTER BANKS MURDER SERIES

Murder at Whalehead by Joe C. Ellis

Murder at Hatteras by Joe C. Ellis

Murder on the Outer Banks by Joe C. Ellis

THE OHIO VALLEY MYSTERY SERIES

The Healing Place by Joe C. Ellis

The First Shall Be Last by Joe C. Ellis

The Old Man and the Marathon by Joe C. Ellis





The Shark
by Joe C. Ellis

On Tuesday morning, Elijah, Byron, Chrissy and the boys drove to the resort shops in Corolla to check out the two-man kayaks. At the beach on Monday, the kids had seen several people challenging the waves in what looked like plastic canoes. The boys thought it would be a blast. Most people struggled just to get into the slim boats in the roaring tumult of the shallows. Those who managed to seat themselves would paddle for several yards until a wave broke over them, tipping the kayak and dumping the occupants into the sea. All of the kayakers wore life jackets and quickly bobbed to the top. None of them were able to break through to the calmer waters beyond the breakers. The twelve-year-old twins, Mark and Matt, claimed they had the coordination and smarts to accomplish the feat. Dugan immediately declared that he and Chrissy would beat them to it. 
A young man, probably in his late twenties, lifted a bright blue kayak from the rack in front of the store. He wore black-framed sunglasses and had blond streaks through his sandy hair. The boat looked to be about twelve feet long, but he had no problem carrying it across the parking lot to Elijah Mulligan’s Suburban.
“How much does it weigh?” Byron Butler asked.
“’Bout sixty pounds,” the man said. He wore a yellow t-shirt with Ocean Atlantic Rentals arced in blue across the front over a beach scene with chairs and umbrellas. He lowered the kayak to the ground. Two yellow bowl-shaped seats were mounted inside, and two paddles lay tucked beside the seats. In front of each seat was an orange life jacket. “Do you want another blue one?”
“No. We want red,” Dugan said.
“Why red? To match your hair and freckles?” Matt teased.
Dugan gritted his teeth. “You’ll find out who’s good at kayaking,” he growled. He was two years younger than the twins and rarely beat them at anything.
“Yeah, we’ll find out,” Mark piped.
As the man returned to the rack, Byron and Elijah heaved the kayak to the roof of the Suburban. After securing both kayaks to the top of the vehicle with elastic cords, they pulled out their wallets.
The man extracted a receipt book and pen from his back pocket. “That’ll be ninety bucks each plus tax. Comes to $96.50 a piece. They’re yours for the rest of the week. Due back Saturday morning.”
“Fun don’t come cheap, do it?” Elijah grumbled.
“Any helpful hints?” Chrissy asked the young man. A slim, athletic blonde, she towered over the boys. Even though she recently turned eighteen, she didn’t mind hanging out with her twin brothers and Uncle Elijah’s nephew.
The man peered over his sunglasses and smiled. “Sure. Take it to the sound side first to get used to it. Once you learn to navigate the thing properly, then try the ocean. Not many beginners can handle it in the ocean.”
“We’ll do fine,” Chrissy said.
Elijah drove to Heritage Park near the Whalehead Club where they could access one of the many docks along the Currituck Sound. After the men unstrapped the kayaks, the kids hoisted them onto their shoulders and toted them along the shoreline toward the nearest walkway that extended out into the sound. Several pink-flowering crape myrtles cast shadows across their paths, and scruffy grass grew in sandy patches. They carried the kayaks up steps and across a long wooden walkway. At the end steps descended into the sound’s shallow water. 
After they lowered the boat into the water, Chrissy held it steady while Dugan climbed in. Then he grabbed the steps’ railing to secure the kayak as Chrissy stepped in. Mark and Matt repeated the procedure. Within minutes, both kayaks were skimming across the sound, the double oars dipping and stroking the water with reasonable rhythm.  
A seagull, one eye normal and one a solid light blue, landed on the dock rail, squawking and looking for handouts. “It’s Sinbad the Seagull,” Elijah chuckled. Elijah, a big bearded man, pulled a package of peanut butter crackers out of his pocket. “Sinbad want a cracker?” He unwrapped them and broke off a chunk. Carefully he extended the morsel to the one-eyed seagull. The bird gobbled the treat and cried for more.
Byron heard his wife, Lila calling his name. He glanced to the shoreline and spotted her and Annie, Elijah’s wife, taking their morning stroll. He waved and motioned them to come onto the walkway. “Is that your new best friend?” Annie called.
Elijah grinned. “Animals just adore me.”
“Yeah, they mistake you for Grizzly Adams,” Annie said.
The women walked to the end of the pier, and Lila shaded her eyes. “Are those kids safe out there?”
“Sure they’re safe. They don’t even need those life jackets. It’s only three feet deep,” Byron said.
“I hope so,” Lila said.
“Later on they’ll try the kayaks out in the ocean,” Byron said.
Lila, a pretty brunette, frowned and wrinkled her forehead. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
Byron felt a prick of irritation at his wife’s words. She constantly worried and too often overprotected the kids. “Hon, you’ve got to lighten up. It’s perfectly safe. Let these kids have some fun.”
She crossed her arms and focused on the children. More than fifty yards away now, both crews paddled furiously, racing toward a tree stump.
“Go Dugan and Chrissy!” Annie shouted.
Matt and Mark opened a slight lead. When they crossed in front of the stump they raised their paddles into the air and shouted, “We’re the champs! We’re the champs!”
“Rematch! Rematch!” Dugan yelled.
“Good job, kids!” Lila hollered. “Everyone’s a winner!”
“Would you ladies like to climb to the top of the Currituck Lighthouse with us this morning?” Byron asked.
Lila turned and tilted her head. “You know I’m afraid of heights.” 
Annie glanced in the direction of the redbrick spire. “I’ve been up there twice in the last few years. I’ll pass. Lila and I can take the kids to the beach.”
“You’ll miss a great view from up there,” Elijah said, offering the bird another chunk of cracker.
“No thanks,” Lila said. “I get queasy standing on the third floor deck of our rental house.”
“We’ll come down to the beach as soon as we’re done,” Byron said.
“Take your time,” Annie said. “We can handle things.”
“Owwww!” Elijah shouted. He shook his hand and jumped up and down. “You son of a b-b-b-b-bird brain! That one-eyed seagull just bit me!”
“Give him a break,” Annie said. “With one eye, the poor thing lacks depth perception.”
The bird screeched for more crackers, and everyone laughed.

*   *   *
	
	By the time she and Dugan lugged the kayak three hundred yards to the beach, Chrissy’s arms felt like lead. Annie and Lila toted the umbrella and blankets. As they crossed the sand, they looked for an ideal spot. Finding an opening among the colorful camps of sun worshipers, they dropped their burdens. Mark and Matt were already slipping into their life jackets. 
“You wait for your sister before you go traipsing into those waves with that canoe,” Lila ordered.
“But Mom,” Mark complained. “She’s Dugan’s partner.”
“I don’t care. Don’t go into that ocean without her nearby. Remember: safety in numbers. Now help me plant this umbrella in the sand.”
“Aw, Mom,” Matt said as he stooped and grabbed the base of the pole.
“Hey, Stilts!” Mark hollered. “Hurry up. We want to try these kayaks out.”
Chrissy rubbed her forearms. “Hold your horses, Mark. Let me get some blood flowing in my muscles again.”
Dugan pointed down the beach. “What’s goin’ on over there?” 
A group of about twenty people had gathered around a dark-haired man. He stood in the middle, talking and gesturing. Everyone seemed mesmerized. Chrissy thought he looked Puerto Rican or Mexican. “Let’s check it out,” she said.
As they neared, Chrissy studied his face. His eyes were large and dark brown, eyelids slightly drooping, creating a mysterious quality. He had close-cropped hair, somewhat nappy. Thick eyebrows, a thin mustache, and goatee added to his mystique. Standing shirtless and wearing blue knee-length trunks, he looked strong but not overly muscled like Kenny Queen. On his shoulder the blue-violet image of a devil had been tattooed; the figure squatted with its laughing face thrust upward, flames leaping around its tail, hooves, and horns.
“Do that again! Do that again,” a pony-tailed blond girl insisted. About four feet tall and wearing a florescent pink bathing suit, she stood holding a playing card in her hand, the ace of spades.
“I need a new volunteer,” the man said, and he scanned the faces of the crowd. Hands shot up all around, but his dark eyes locked onto Chrissy’s. “You.”
“Me?” she said, pointing to herself. When she stepped forward and everyone looked at her, she felt self-conscious. She glanced down at her body, her slim long legs and tanned torso contrasting with her white bikini.
“Think of a card,” he said as he shuffled the deck.
Chrissy gazed into his eyes. “Okay . . .uh .  . . queen of spades.”
He stopped shuffling and spread the cards fan-like, face down between his thumbs and fingers. “Pick one. Any one.”
Chrissy’s fingers hovered above the deck, stopped two-thirds of the way and selected a card. When she looked at it, her eyes bugged out—queen of spades. “How’d you do that?” she asked as she showed the crowd.
A strange smile broke across his face. “Think of another.”
Chrissy looked at the ground and then at the faces of the bystanders. “Jack of . . . jack of hearts.”
He held out the deck. This time her hand vacillated across the cards until it steadied over the next to last card on the left. She quickly pulled it out and looked—jack of hearts. Her mouth dropped open as she lifted the card for all to see. The crowd applauded.
The beach magician held up his hand to stop the applause. “That’s not all,” he said as he shuffled the deck again. He turned back to Chrissy. “As I flip through these cards, I want you to say stop. When you do, insert the first card back into the deck wherever I stop.”
Chrissy nodded.
Slowly his thumb brushed across the edges of the cards as they flipped one by one.
“Stop!” Chrissy yelled.
He lifted the remaining cards, and she inserted her card approximately halfway into the deck.
“Now the other one,” he said as he repeated the process. 
This time she allowed most of the cards to flip by before saying ‘stop.’ She inserted the card.
Holding his hand palm up, he set the deck on it for all to see. He eyed Chrissy. “Your two cards are somewhere in the middle of this deck, correct?”
“Yes. That’s right,” she said.
“I want you to take your finger and tap the top card.”
Chrissy stepped forward and carried out his instruction. The man stiffened as if her touch through the cards somehow shocked him. The crowd laughed nervously.
“Did you feel that?” he asked.
“I . . . I . . . felt something,” she said.
“Take the first two cards off the top of the deck.”
Carefully she picked the first two cards up and turned them over—the queen of spades and the jack of hearts. Everyone gasped and applauded.
Chrissy stared into the mystic depth of his eyes. “How did you do that?” 
“Magic,” he said. Then he turned to the crowd and thanked them. Many called for another trick, but he assured them he would return tomorrow. They applauded again then filtered away. Dugan, Matt and Mark headed back to the kayaks. The magician turned to Chrissy and said, “Nice working with you, Miss . . .?”
“B-Butler,” Chrissy stammered. “Chrissy Butler. And you are?”
“Jack Blaze.” He held out his hand and shook hers gently. “I’d love to hang out with you, but I’m due at the Whalehead Club in ten minutes.”
“Oh.” Chrissy smiled. “You must be a professional entertainer—an illusionist.”
Jack laughed and shook his head. “One of these days I will be. That’s why I walk the beaches and practice my craft. For now, though, I’m a tour guide at the Whalehead Club.”
“Stilts!” Mark yelled from behind. “Come on. We want to try out these kayaks!”
Chrissy turned around. “I’ll be there in three minutes. Now go away!”
“Stilts?” Jack asked.
“That’s what my dad and kid brothers call me.”
He looked at her legs and smiled. “I can see why.”
Chrissy felt her face flush. “Anyway, we spent the morning racing those things on the sound. Now comes the big challenge—my twin brothers verses Dugan and me—who will be the first to paddle their kayak beyond the breakers to the calmer waters? Big competition.”
“Are your brothers always this competitive?”
Chrissy pulled back a tress of blond hair the wind had fluttered across her eyes. “Are you kidding? They love to win—especially if they’re competing against me. This morning they won six out of six kayak races. I don’t like to lose, but my little buddy, Dugan, takes it harder than I do.”
“There’s a secret, you know.”
“A secret? What do you mean?”
“To getting through the waves. Tell your partner to come here.”
Chrissy turned and looked in the direction of the boys. Dugan was funneling into his life jacket. “Hey Cap’n! Come here!” He looked up and trotted over.
“Hi,” Dugan said.
The magician extended his hand. “I’m Jack.”
Dugan shook it vigorously and said, “Nice to meet ya. I saw the trick with the two cards. That was way cool.”
“Thanks, Dugan.”
Chrissy put her hand on Dugan’s shoulder. “Jack wants to tell us the best way to conquer the waves.”
Jack kneeled in the sand.  “Join me down here.”
After Chrissy and Dugan crouched, Jack smoothed out the grains in front of him. 
“Listen. If you watch the waves carefully, you’ll notice they approach shore in sets at various angles.” With his finger he drew a line representing the shore. “One set of waves may come in at this angle.” His finger traced five rows at a slight angle. “The next set may come in from a different direction.” To the right of the first set of lines he drew five more. “Now look. In between this set of waves and the other set is your window of opportunity. You have to be patient and watch how the waves are breaking. When you see two sets coming in at different angles, aim in between. You may catch a few of the smaller breakers on the end of the waves, but hang in there and keep paddling. If you do that, you’ll split the seam—go right in between.” 
He stood and extended his hands to Chrissy and Dugan and pulled them to their feet.
“Makes sense,” Dugan said. “Let’s do it.”
“Sorry I can’t stay to witness this battle of Titans, but like I said, I’m late for work.”
“Thanks for the advice,” Chrissy said. “Maybe we’ll see ya around.”
“Anything’s possible.” Jack waved and jogged toward the gap in the sand hills. As Chrissy walked back to the family’s beach plot, she kept thinking of Jack’s eyes, those dark brown eyes and long lashes with lids slightly darker than his tawny skin. She inhaled deeply and sensed an exhilaration building inside, threatening to erupt. 
“Let’s go!” she yelled, grabbed her life jacket, and strapped it on.
Janey, the cute neighbor girl, had arrived. Mark sidled up to her. Pointing out to sea, He explained the goal of the competition. 
“Your strap is loose on your life jacket, Mark” Janey said. She reached out and tugged the white belt between the double-ringed clasps. Looking at Dugan, she said, “Do you need help with yours, Dugan?”
Because of his wiriness, Dugan’s jacket hung limply on him. “Mine’s fine,” he said. “I need room to breathe.”
“May the best team win,” Janey said.
“Don’t worry. We will,” Mark laughed.
“Be careful!” Lila warned from under the shade of the umbrella.
Mark and Matt picked up their kayak and charged into the surf.
“Hurry up, Stilts!” Dugan hollered. “They’re gettin’ a head start. 
“Don’t panic, Cap’n,” Chrissy said. “Remember what Jack said.”
They lifted the boat, carried it to the edge of the water, and studied the waves. Mark and Matt had already climbed into their kayak and furiously paddled in the direction of a mounting wall of water. The wave lifted the front of the boat like a toy and crashed on top of them. The twins tumbled in the shallows as their blue boat rolled into shore with the wave. It skidded onto the sand in front of Dugan and Chrissy. Both paddles followed closely behind.
Mark and Matt plodded through the backwash and grabbed the kayak and paddles. Matt looked up and hollered, “What’re you waitin’ for? High tide?” 
“Let’s take it a little deeper this time before we get in it!” Mark instructed over the roar of the surf.
Chrissy grasped Dugan’s elbow. “Over that way,” she said, pointing to the right. “There’s the seam. That set of waves breaks to the right and this sets breaks to the left.” They picked up the red kayak and jogged down the shore. After wading fifteen yards into the water, they held the boat securely in front of them, timing the waves. 
The twins had taken their kayak thirty yards out, the water not-quite chest high. Matt steadied the kayak as Mark tried to jump into the boat. After three tries a big wave collapsed on them and whisked away the kayak. Again they had to chase it into shore.
Dugan and Chrissy braced themselves as they held the kayak on the surface of the rising and falling water. Both shivered. They adjusted their position by moving to the left and then right as they watched the waves. A large wave broke to their left and unfurled toward them. Chrissy hollered, “Now!” As the tail of the wave spilled into them, they lifted the boat.
Once the water settled, Chrissy held the kayak as Dugan climbed into the front. With her long legs, she stepped into the back, almost tipping it, but they quickly regained their balance. Each grabbed a paddle and stroked the water with efficient rhythm. The boat cut across the undulating gray-green surface at surprising speed. 
“Head for the seam!” Chrissy yelled. The intensity of their paddling increased as waves broke on each side of them, threatening to tip them. Forty yards away Chrissy could see the calmer water. Between here and there the tails of waves on both sides curled, about to break over them. 
“Hold on!” Chrissy shouted. “Here they come!” 
They lifted their paddles as the first one hit. It jolted and soaked them but failed to capsize the kayak. The second one sent them shooting to the left, rising and dipping. Chrissy felt like she was riding a dolphin. With the two waves behind them, they dug the paddles hard into the water on the left to re-steer the boat to the east. Once turned in the right direction, they stroked like Olympic oarsman going for the gold. The kayak jostled over the rough water, but the smaller waves couldn’t topple them. The farther out they rowed, the calmer the sea became. Finally, they coasted far beyond the breakers. They turned the kayak and looked to shore. 
Chrissy spotted Janey jumping up and down with her arms in the air. “Look there, Cap’n. Janey’s cheering for you.”
With both hands Dugan held up his paddle. Janey waved her arms to signify her congratulations.
Chrissy extended her hand. “Great job, Cap’n. We finally beat those goobers.”
Dugan lowered the paddle and shook her hand. “We’re the champs.”
Chrissy watched Matt and Mark drag their kayak onto the beach. Janey pointed out to sea, showing the twins the location of the champs. Chrissy and Dugan pumped their fists in the air, grinning. The twins shielded their eyes from the sun to focus on the victors, as if they were saluting them.
“Now that we’re out here, what’ll we do?” Chrissy asked.
Dugan shrugged. It seemed so quiet on the calmer waters. They didn’t have to yell over the roar of the waves. “Ain’t this cool,” he said.
“Just think, Cap’n. We’re the only ones with this view. Must be hundreds of people along the shore, but we’re the only ones looking in. Everyone else is looking out. Quite a perspective, huh?”
Dugan nodded. He looked to shore, then out to sea. “Kinda strange out here, ain’t it? Miles and miles of ocean. Makes me feel small.”
“The ocean tends to do that to people. Dad says it puts him in his place. Reminds him how big God is.”
Dugan pointed. “What’s that?”
Further out to sea she saw the object floating on the water. “I don’t know,” Chrissy said. “Some kind of animal or fish, maybe.”
“Can we check it out?”
Chrissy glanced at the shore. “Mom’s got to be going crazy by now, seeing that we’re this far out. Probably having a conniption fit.” She turned and looked at the object. “Oh well, it’s only another fifty yards. Let’s check it out and then get back as quickly as possible before Mom explodes.”
What seemed like fifty yards was more like a hundred. As they approached, the dark shape readjusted its form, wings shifting and beak lifting to reveal a black pelican. It squawked and tried to fly, but the effort failed, and feathers scattered, blown by the wind. 
“It’s injured. Look at all the blood,” Dugan said.
“Poor thing got tangled in fishing line and hooks.”
“Let’s try to get it into the boat,” Dugan said. “We can save it.”

*   *   *

	On shore, Lila Butler paced like a nervous border collie unable to gather its herd. The kids and women had stood together and watched the red kayak diminish as its occupants paddled out to sea. With every distancing yard, Lila’s nerves tightened and threatened to snap. Annie tried to assure her Chrissy and Dugan were safe, but the intensity of Lila’s anxiety negated any comforting words. 
“What’s gotten into them?” Lila asked. “Why are they going out so far?” She clasped her hands over the top of her head and slid them down her cheeks, leaving red marks on her face.
“Man, they’re out there!” Mark proclaimed. “I can hardly see ‘em.”
“Shhhhh,” Annie warned. “Your mother doesn’t need your commentary.”
“Maybe they’re caught in a riptide,” Matt said. “And it’s carrying them out to sea.”
Janey bit her fingernails and then lowered her hand. “Don’t say things like that, Matt.”
“But it could happen,” Matt said.
Annie grabbed Lila by the upper arm and turned her toward shore. “Look. Over there. The lifeguard is watching them with binoculars.”
Lila ran to the guard chair. The young man, tanned, tall and lean, stood on top of the ten-foot platform, gazing through field glasses.
“Do you see the children?”
The guard lowered the binoculars and looked down. “Those your kids in the kayak?”
“One of them.”
“They’re not supposed to be out that far.”
“Tell me something I don’t know.” Lila wrung her hands. “What’re they doing out there?”
He peered through the binoculars again. “They found something on the water. Can’t tell what it is.”
Lila exhaled, lowered her head, and squeezed her eyes shut. After taking a deep breath, she looked at the guard again.
“I’ll have to yell at them when they get back to shore,” he said still peering through the glasses.
“Please do! You have my full endorsement.”
The guard lowered the binoculars, rubbed his eyes and quickly raised them again. He leaned forward and his mouth dropped open. “Oh no! Say it ain’t so.” 
“What’s the matter?” Lila asked.
The binoculars slipped from his hands and clunked onto the platform as he fumbled for his whistle.  He stuck it in his mouth and blew a long, loud blast. “Out of the water! Clear the water!” he shouted. Seizing a red flag from its holder on the platform, he waved it violently as he trumpeted short bursts from the whistle. He stopped and looked down the shoreline to make sure the other guards had caught his signal. They too waved flags and blew whistles. “Clear the water!” he shouted again. Then he descended, his feet quickly stepping down the cross supports of the chair.

*   *   *

	Dugan and Chrissy maneuvered with their paddles to align the boat within arms’ length of the fluttering pelican. Dugan was leaning over, reaching for the pelican when Chrissy finally saw it. With every propulsion of the shark’s tail, the dorsal fin lunged closer.
“Dugan!” she screamed. 
He pulled the bird from the ocean just as the shark’s head thrust upward, water spilling over the blunt nose and small black eyes. The wide jaws clamped onto the end of the Pelican’s wing, plucking its feathers. The bird screeched as the shark’s body, gray and slick, slashed against the kayak, then plunked with a large splash into the water. The boat rocked and swirled sideways. Dugan almost toppled into the ocean but somehow managed to hold on to the pelican.
Grabbing an oar, Chrissy shouted, “Put that bird down and help me!”
Dugan plopped the pelican between them and grabbed the paddle. To turn the kayak toward shore, Chrissy stabbed the oar into the water several times, and the boat swung around. In the panicked moments as they struggled to generate forward momentum, the oars slapped the water haphazardly, creating little advancement and lots of splashing. That’s when the dorsal fin rose again and cut through the surface, passing parallel to the kayak. Dugan’s paddle missed the fin by inches. He saw the tail slice by and realized the fish was longer than the boat—more than twelve feet.
“Get in rhythm!” Chrissy yelled as she paddled and counted: “One—two, one—two, one—two.” Dugan caught on and the kayak accelerated.
The shark cut to the right, its fin like a gray sail fifteen feet in front of them. Chrissy watched it circle back toward the boat and then submerge. Her arms felt shaky, and hollow fear caused a sudden bout of nausea. But the boat skimmed steadily over the choppy surface. Looking into shore, she could see the empty shallows and the crowd standing at the edge of the water, their faces white with horror. In the middle stood her mother, hands clutched in prayer. 
Thirty yards away the breakers began. But the fin appeared again, this time charging straight toward the middle of the boat. As it neared, the shark turned parallel and raised its head to bite the edge of the kayak. That’s when Dugan lifted his paddle and whacked its wide snout. The tail whipped violently, throwing a curtain of water over them. Its head broke the surface again, but Dugan, holding his oar like an axe, chopped directly onto the shark’s little eye. The great fish thrashed beside them, stirring the water like a bubbling cauldron. 
“Paddle!” Chrissy screamed. This time their oars dipped simultaneously and fluently. Within seconds a large wave lifted and thrust them forward, the kayak skimming with great velocity ahead of the curl. As the boat charged up the slope of the bank and skidded onto the sand, the crowd closed in and cheered. Dugan stood and lifted the pelican. The lifeguard reached down and pulled Chrissy to her feet. Fighting back tears, she staggered to her mother’s side, and they embraced.
Matt grabbed a large blue beach towel and shook the sand off of it. Running up to Dugan he draped it around his shoulders and proclaimed: “All hail, King Dugan!” 
The spectators applauded and divided as Dugan, clutching the bloody bird, walked toward his Aunt Annie. She extended her hands, and he carefully transferred the weakened creature into her arms. 
“He’s hurt really bad,” he said.
“We’ll fix him good as new,” Annie said.
When Dugan turned, he saw Janey step toward him. “I’m so proud of you.” She spread her arms, hugged him, and kissed his cheek. 
Dugan looked like he was about to faint when Mark cut in front of him and said, “Hey, Doogie, we want a rematch.”
That snapped Dugan out of it. “Anytime,” he said. “Anytime.”
Lila bolted between them. “Those kayaks are going back to the rental store right now! Do you hear me? Right now!”
“Aw, Mom. I was just kidding,” Mark said.





























The Dead of Winter
by Joe C. Ellis


 I waited until the warmest part of the day, mid-afternoon, to go for a run. A polar vortex had descended upon the Ohio Valley. The Weather Channel informed me it was 10 degrees outside with a -3 wind chill factor. I stepped out of the front door of my new apartment and glanced across the street at the United Dairy. The tall white milk towers next to the tan brick building loomed above the snow-covered sidewalk and street. I wondered if the milk ever froze inside those towers and became giant popsicles. 	
 I headed south toward the Post Office. About two inches of snow covered the ground, but it was the light, fluffy stuff that didn’t stick to your shoes.  It had fallen earlier in the day, and very little had melted because of the frigid air. I had insulated myself well from head to toe with Under Armour, heavy sweats, thick gloves, and a ski mask. Now I felt fine, but two miles into the run I’d probably start sweating. The steady breeze blew from the southwest. Good, I thought—into the wind on the way out and wind at my back on the way home. If I did sweat, the wind chill wouldn’t clobber me during the last few miles. 
 	I turned left on Hanover and right on Fourth Street, trudging past Z’s Jewelry and the hardware store. Across the street a man entered the PNC Bank. I chuckled to myself. What would happen if I ducked into the bank for a minute to get warm? The teller would probably set off the alarm, the cops would be there in two minutes, and I’d make the front page of the Times Leader. Mental note: Always take off your ski mask before entering a bank on a cold day. 
 	After running the few blocks through town, I stuck to the back streets, taking advantage of the narrow asphalt paths created by the treads of car tires. Very few people had cleared off their sidewalks. I couldn’t complain. I hadn’t shoveled mine. Was my lack of civic duty caused by my laziness or depression? Good question. Probably both. The only thing that brightened my day anymore was my daily run. I hadn’t missed a day for two months, even when the temperature dropped below zero. Somehow running kept me from going off the deep end.
 	At the end of town I had to make a decision: stick to the sidewalk along Route 7 into Bridgeport or cross the Aetnaville Bridge onto Wheeling Island? The drainage along the sidewalk from the hillside was poor in places. In cold weather treacherous ice patches formed. On the other hand, crossing the bridge meant suffering the blast of air that channeled down the river. Knowing the snow hid the ice patches, I opted for the bridge. The span had been closed to traffic for the last twenty years, but pedestrians could still cross on the steel-mesh roadway. People with vertigo avoided the bridge. Through the mesh you could see the river bank forty feet below and the dark water.
 	Today, however, the river wasn’t churning below me.  I beheld a rare sight—the frozen Ohio. How long had it been? Ten or fifteen years at least. In this region of the country major rivers didn’t freeze over often. I could tell the ice was thickest near the shore by its lighter glazed appearance. Towards the middle of the bridge I stopped, leaned over the railing, and peered down.  The ice directly below me had a greener tone because of its thinness which allowed me to see through to the water flowing underneath. What was that? I squinted through the eyeholes of the ski mask. It looked like a face! 
My eyes were watering, so I blinked several times. Was that a body a few inches below the ice? My heart jumped in my chest like a fist pounding a door. The wind, which had swept the snow from the middle of the river, now spread a light coating on the very spot I inspected. I waited to see if another gust would clear the surface again. No luck. Was I imagining this? Maybe I had glimpsed a log rolling under the ice. I waited another minute or two, but the snow didn’t clear, and the breeze became unbearable. I glanced to my right and noticed a spray-painted orange skull on the steel beam that supported the upper structure of the bridge. How appropriate, I thought.
 	Now what? Run and think. I crossed the bridge onto Wheeling Island and turned right on North Front Street. The body under the ice kept appearing on the screen of my mind. What should I do? But then another decision confronted me: Do I cross over the suspension bridge into Wheeling or loop around the gambling casino at the south end of the island? The river was wider on the east side of the island and the wind more blustery. With these temperatures I’d prefer to avoid the excess discomfort.
 But running around the casino might not be a good idea for me either. Driving there was definitely taboo. If I had my wallet in my back pocket, I’d be tempted to stop in and hit the slots or bet on the doggies. Not good. I’d lost too many things to gambling—my house, my car, my self-respect, and most notably, my wife, Hannah. She kicked me out two months ago and now wanted a divorce. Some people say I have a sickness. Hannah would second that. She was right. Deep down I knew it. Every payday I’d head to the south end of Wheeling Island and hang out there until my pockets were empty. On rare occasions I’d hit it big. Unfortunately, those few wins kept me coming back. 
 	Nothing matched the thrill of taking a chance.  I sacrificed all for that buzz. Like an alcoholic who couldn’t stop at one drink, I couldn’t limit myself to one bet.  Fortunately, when I started running regularly two months ago, I gained more control over this weakness.  Yes, I’ve gambled two times since then, but I’m getting stronger. It’s probably too little too late to save my marriage. Too bad. I truly love my wife. But I’ve destroyed our lives with this addiction.  She said it’s part of my personality, and I’ll never change.
 I’ve heard that running is addictive. I’d have to agree. Once I got into the habit of running, I was hooked. The endorphins that pumped through my system every time I ran had an ameliorating effect on my gambling appetite. Too bad I don’t feel this good all the time. It’s during the lonely hours of the day that the gambling urge grows strongest. It’s like I’m dead inside, and placing a bet will bring me back to life. I thought about the body under the ice. Nothing will bring that guy back. He’s dead and gone for good. Was he better off than me?
 To my right I saw the track. Cars crowded the parking lot even on a day like today. I rounded the turn near the kennel and heard the trumpet sounding and dogs barking. A race was about to begin. It wouldn’t hurt to go in for ten minutes and just watch one race. I’d love to smell that smell again, the one peculiar to the viewing stands. How can I describe it? It’s an odd combination of smells: fried food, perfume, tacos, sweat, dogs, aftershave. It wasn’t a pleasant aroma, but I got used to it. It conditioned me to anticipate the race.
 	Stop thinking about it! I tried to clear my mind. The sound of the trumpet and the barking dogs had triggered something. The craving to take a chance had returned with incredible intensity. Keep running. Don’t stop. When I passed the front entrance, I forced myself to look straight ahead. I needed to think about something else. The body! What am I going to do about the body? I can’t report it to the police because I’m not sure exactly what I saw. Maybe I should report that I glimpsed something that looked like a body. No. They would think I was crazy. If only I could be sure. I decided to stop again when I got to the middle of the bridge. If I see it, then I’ll call the cops.
 It didn’t take long to get back to the bridge, maybe five minutes. As I made the turn up the asphalted approach road, a thought occurred to me: If I really wanted to get a good look, I’d walk across the ice.  Then I could sweep away any snow that still clouded my view. That would be taking a chance, definitely. Too risky? So what? I’ve got nothing left to lose. I stared across the marina park where local residents launched their fishing boats. Access to the river would be easy there—a ramp went right down into the frozen water. Within I felt a sudden thrill. Did I want to take this gamble?
 It wouldn’t hurt to jog to the edge of the river. There I would decide. I headed for the gate that led to the marina parking lot. Of course, the lot was empty—no boating on a frozen river. At the water’s edge, I gazed across to the Ohio side. The wind swirled the powdery snow across the icy surface. The elements made for an exotic scene, one reminiscent of Frederick Edwin Church’s artic paintings. Something urged me on. I placed my right foot on the ice and gradually shifted my weight. No cracking. Near the shore the ice was solid. I took a deep breath and walked toward the middle of the river. 
 I kept the pace slow and listened for any cracking sounds. Looking up at the bridge, I tried to determine exactly where I had leaned over the rail. There! I spotted the bright orange skull some delinquent had spray painted on the vertical beam near where I had stood. Another thirty yards and I’d be directly below that beam. Unfortunately, the ice was getting thinner. I could tell by its darkening color as I swept away the snow with my foot. When I got to within ten yards, I decided to crawl on my belly. This would help to displace my 180 pound mass. If someone crossing the Aetnaville Bridge had glanced down and noticed me, he would have thought I was making snow angels on the frozen river. However, the swishing of my arms and legs kept me moving toward the spot.
 Within five feet of my goal, I heard the strangest noise. It sounded like a prehistoric beast arousing from its sleep. The ice! It was ever so subtly cracking. I lay perfectly still. I could almost reach out and touch the spot where I had seen the body. Another two feet and I’d be there. As gently as possible I scooted forward. The beast groaned again. I tried not to breathe. A little farther. Now I could reach it. I angled my shoulders slightly and extended my hand as far as I could. Gently, I brushed away the snow. Pressing my hands to the ice, I raised my torso higher to get a better view. 
When the ghastly visage appeared, I jerked backwards. That was all it took. The ice whined all around me. Water squirted up through cracks. I flattened out again in hopes of warding off a total collapse. My sweats soaked up the water that was spilling towards me. I spun to face the shore. Something broke behind me and my foot dipped into the frigid river. Like a serpent I winded my way forward with the cataclysmic screeching of splintering ice keeping pace. The face kept flashing in my brain. I recognized the man but did not want to become that man. I kept scooting, scrabbling, and scurrying to escape his fate. 
 	My efforts gained momentum as the ice nearer the shore solidified beneath me.  I scrambled to my feet and ran, my soaked running shoes slipping and sliding on the snowy surface. When I reached shore I kept running up the boat ramp, across the parking lot, and through the gate. I didn’t stop until I arrived at the middle of the bridge. There I stood, heaving for breath by the beam marked by the orange skull. Peering down, I observed a large hole in the ice about thirty or forty feet wide. The dark green water roiled and churned the chunks of ice in the large circle like a giant toxic martini. As expected, I did not see a body. 
 I ran the last mile and a half back to my apartment as fast as my frozen legs would carry me, thankful the wind was at my back. I had to keep the blood pumping through my body to avoid frostbite. As soon as I entered the warmth of my apartment I picked up the phone and made a call. No. I didn’t contact the police. No sense in that. I dialed my wife’s number. She more than anyone else needed to hear about what I had witnessed.
When she answered, I could tell she was surprised to hear my quaking voice. I told her the old man had died. He was gone for good, carried away by the icy currents. She seemed confused, doubtful. I did not plead with her. I only spoke what I knew to be true: For now on things would be different. I wanted to live a new life, and I hoped to live it with her. She seemed startled and needed time to think. I can’t blame her. She knew the old man well. I hope she gives our relationship another chance. I hope.
 Shivering and numb, I ascended the steps to the bathroom and filled the tub with steaming water. After climbing in, I sunk below the surface and allowed the warmth to penetrate to my core. When I could hold my breath no longer, I broke through the water’s surface. It has become incredibly clear to me now—the dead man I saw under the ice . . . was me. 











The Last Game
by Joe C. Ellis



When I awoke, my alarm clock flashed 7:00 a.m. I tried to roll over and fall back to sleep but couldn’t. My legs had the jimmies. Every time I thought about this afternoon’s game, my knees shook until the whole bed wobbled. The Knightstown Little League Championship would be decided between the Reds and Giants at 4 p.m. Nine hours from now I would play in the most important game of my life. Hot damn! Whoops. Sorry, Lord. Closing my eyes, I folded my hands. I didn’t mean to cuss. And if you don’t mind me asking, please help the Giants win. And . . . and . . . I don’t want to bother you too much but would it be possible for me to make a game-saving play? That’s all I’m asking today, Lord. If you can do that much for me, I’ll join the youth choir.
After sliding into my cut-off jeans, I scrambled down the steps and poured myself a bowl of Cocoa Puffs. It took me all of three minutes to gobble down those milk-soaked chocolate goodies. A box of Cocoa Puffs didn’t last long at our house. Some mornings I scarfed down half a box. Pouring milk onto my third bowl, I heard Dad’s Ford Fairlane wagons pull into the carport. I reached over, separated the blinds, and saw him step out of the car. He walked toward the back door wearing dark green work clothes and lugging his silver lunch bucket, big as a mailbox. A foreman at Wheeling Steel, he’d just made it through a long night at the blast furnace. 
Dad was a big man with unpredictable moods. Mom blamed his temper tantrums on three things: shift work, the war, and heredity. The mill upset his natural sleeping habits. Constantly adjusting to the changing shifts—day-turn, afternoon, and midnight—wrung his nerves. No wonder he blew up every once in a while. None of us understood what he’d been through serving as a Marine scout in the Pacific during World War Two. Sometimes I noticed a foggy look in his eyes and wondered what terrible memories played on the inside of his head. Did he see piles of dead bodies, guts, and stuff like that? Mom believed the war and shift work played some part in it but blamed most of his outbursts on his genes—Grandpa Wright had a temper just like him. 
When Dad entered the kitchen, he set the lunch pail on the counter and faced me. He looked tired, large bags sagging under his eyes. Below his receding blond and gray-streaked hair, deep wrinkles formed on his forehead as he raised his eyebrows. His face glowed red like he’d just pumped out twenty one-handed pushups. When I was five, he could do that many with me sitting on his back. At 51 years old he was still a strong man—six foot one inch and two hundred and forty pounds.
“Big game today, eh Maz?” he asked. My name’s Will, but ever since I won the starting position at second base he’d called me “Maz,” short for Bill Mazeroski, the Pittsburgh Pirate’s Golden-Glove winning second baseman.
“Yessir. Today’s the day. You’re coming, aren’t ya, Dad?”
“’Course I’m coming. I wouldn’t miss the championship game. You never know, they might need an ump.” He turned and lifted the kettle from the stove to see if it held enough water for a cup of Nescafe. Feeling enough liquid in the pot, he dropped it onto the burner and flipped on the gas. A blue flame spread across the bottom of the kettle.
I wasn’t crazy about Dad helping call the game. With the championship on the line I had enough to worry about. Not that my father was a poor official. He had a good eye and quick judgment. People knew he was honest. In my opinion, too honest. If I was involved in a close call, he allowed his attempt to be fair affect his decision. Twice in games earlier this season when I grounded to the shortstop, I crossed the bag at the same time the ball hit the first baseman’s mitt. He called me out both times. 
Besides that, I knew he’d be tired. Little League games often exploded into ridiculous fights among parents, coaches, and officials because of some goofy misunderstanding. Usually, Dad handled it well when he was in a good mood. But if he wasn’t, and some idiot father screamed at him from the stands for calling out his son, I wasn’t sure how he’d react. You never knew with my old man.
“It’s the championship, Dad. I’m sure they’ve got umps lined up.”
“Don’t count on it, Maz. The last three games they’ve asked me to help out.”
I nodded, feeling something tighten in my stomach.
“Run out to the front porch and get my morning paper, would ya, boy?”
“Yessir.” Lord, please let there be plenty of officials, I prayed as I walked through the living room and into the front hall. 
The sun had climbed just above the eastern hills slanting the shadows of houses into the street. As I picked up the paper, a dairy truck rumbled by drowning out the songs of robins. I looked at the headlines:

FORD SEEKS REPUBLICAN NOMINATION
YITZHAK RABIN VISITS WEST GERMANY
BURMA EARTHQUAKE DECAPITATES 20-FOOT HIGH BUDDHA

Nothing too earth shattering besides that big Buddha loosing his head. On second thought, the way Dad’s hair had thinned, he was starting to look like a Buddha. I hoped that wasn’t an omen. When I got back to the kitchen the kettle was screaming. Dad lifted it from the stove, the whistle dying, and poured himself a cup of instant coffee. 
	I heard someone coming down the steps. Had to be Mom; Jenny and Tom, my older sister and brother, never got up this early. She turned the corner into the kitchen wearing a pink terrycloth robe and white-fuzzy slippers. My folks were the same age, but even without her makeup, Mom looked ten years younger. Although regularly dying her wavy hair dark brown helped, her skin made the biggest difference. Because she stayed out of the sun, you couldn’t find a wrinkle on her face unless she got mad at you—then lines formed around her eyes and mouth. She kept fit too. At five foot one, she only weighed about 120 pounds. 
	“You boys want some scrambled eggs?” she asked.
	“Sure, Mom,” I said and looked at Dad. He sipped his coffee and nodded slowly. Sometimes I could tell when they were mad at each other, which seemed to be about half the time lately. The muscles in Dad’s jaw didn’t twitch or tighten, and she didn’t look flustered, so I figured everything was fine for now.
	Just last week we had a major blowup. He’d come home late from the mill— three hours late. The family just finished a spaghetti dinner. When Dad walked into the dining room the smell of beer filled the air. Standing at the head of the table, his face flushed and eyes watery, he stared at the sauce-smeared plates in front of us and then saw his plate stacked with spaghetti and meatballs.
	“Couldn’t wait for the old man, huh? I’m the one who puts the food on the table, but nobody waited for me.”
	I wanted to slide out of my chair and disappear, but the silence in the room paralyzed me. My mom’s eyes narrowed and lips quivered. Tom and Jenny blankly stared at their plates. Eighteen and a senior in high school, Tom rarely spoke to Dad. He loved music and dreamed of escaping to Los Angeles or New York where he’d start a rock band and sign a record deal. Two years younger than Tom, Jenny spent most of her time reading, as if her world of books offered a better life than what we had.
	Dad slid into his chair, twirled a mass of spaghetti onto his fork and gulped it down. “Dammit, this is cold,” he said, the muscles around his mouth tensing.
	Mom took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Where have you been?” she asked.
	Dad looked down and stabbed a meatball.
	“You’ve been out drinking with Judd Stone again, haven’t you?”
	When he inhaled his chest expanded like a grizzly bear preparing to attack.
	His appearance didn’t faze her. “This is the third time this week. I’ve had enough, Stanley. It’s either your family or that drunken stumblebum you call a friend. You decide. What’s more important to you?” Mom was small but tough. She crossed her arms and met his glare.
	Dad slammed his fist on the table, and our plates jumped an inch and rattled. “If I want to stop at the American Legion for a couple of beers with an old war buddy, I will! Now heat this damn spaghetti up and keep your trap shut!”
	“Heat it yourself!” Mom yelled. She stood, marched out of the kitchen, and up the stairs. We heard the bedroom door slam and knew from past experience she’d locked herself in.
	Dad’s face turned from red to scarlet. He picked up the plate of spaghetti and flung it into the wall. We watched the meatballs peel and drop one by one as the noodles slid to the floor leaving a red trail behind. Staggering to his feet, he yelled, “Clean that shit up!” We cringed as he stomped into the kitchen and out the back door.
	Two hours later he returned with a K-Mart bag and a dozen roses. We were in the family room watching Little House on the Prairie. Like Santa Claus he circled the room, reached into the bag and distributed his presents. Leaning down, he gave Jenny a kiss and handed her a copy of Little Women. For Tom, he pulled out a harmonica. 
	“Whadaya got for me, Dad?” I shouted. 
	His smile widened as he extracted a new baseball.
	When I looked at it, I couldn’t believe it—Bill Mazeroski had written his name in black ink across the white leather. “Did Maz really sign this, Dad?”
	“’Course he did. I told you Maz grew up ten miles from here in Tiltonsville. I know his sister’s husband, one of my blast furnace crewmen. He got it for me as a favor.  Planned on giving it to you on your birthday next month, but I figured what the hell. Now’s as good as time as any.” 
“Can we go pitch and catch?” I begged.
“Not with that ball, boy. Put it on the shelf in your room. You’ll want to hang on to it for the rest of your life. Tomorrow morning we’ll take some old balls up to Memorial Park to practice your fielding.”
	“Alright!”
	Then he handed Mom the roses, scooped her off the couch and smothered her with kisses. “Stanley. Stanley! Not in front of the kids,” she protested as he carried her up the stairs. We heard the bedroom door shut and figured it wouldn’t be wise to bother them for the next hour or so. That’s the way it was at our house—a roller coaster ride of blow-ups, apologies, and gifts.
	As Dad studied the Waterford Park race entries, Mom served up the eggs and bacon. Although I had just put away three bowls of Cocoa Puffs, I had no problem downing my second breakfast. Skinny as a rail, I tried to eat as much as possible to gain some weight. The bigger boys on my team could hit homeruns, but I was lucky to knock the ball out of the infield.
	The smell of breakfast cooking must have drifted upstairs because I heard someone flush the toilet and then footsteps thumping down. It was Tom, six inches shorter than Dad with shoulder-length, dark-brown hair like Mom. As usual, he and Dad ignored each other, but Mom fussed over him, filling his plate to overflowing with eggs and at least five strips of bacon.
	“You got plans today?” Mom asked Tom.
	“The band’s getting together for a practice at Ronny’s. I wrote a new song. We hope to play it at our next gig,” Tom said between gulps.
	Dad just grunted.
	“A new song?” Mom said. “You’ll have to play it for me.”
	“Sure thing,” Tom said. 
	Dad stood, folded the paper, carried it into the front room and plopped into his Lazy Boy. He didn’t like to be disturbed when he studied the race entries.
	“What’s wrong with him?” Tom asked.
	“Nothing,” I said. “He just got home from work. Can’t you see how tired he looked?”
	“Right. Poor guy.” Tom said, but I could tell he didn’t mean it.
	“You know your father. He has his moods,” Mom said.
	Of his three children, I was most like our old man. Tom took after Mom. He could play the piano, trumpet, violin and guitar. Dad didn’t mind the music so much but hated Tom’s thing with his rock band and never allowed them to practice at our house. Jenny was the nervous type. Blond like me, she always had a frightened look on her face—the kind you see on dogs when they’re about to get hit with a newspaper. No doubt, she had a hard time putting up with Dad’s volcano ways. As Tom and Jenny grew older, they grew apart from the old man. Whenever he erupted, they added another brick to the wall that divided them. I walked on top of the wall. Mom said I was a miniature version of my father.  My temper wasn’t as bad or my edges as rough, but when I looked in the mirror I saw a younger version of his face. Being most like him, I understood him better than anyone else.
	Most of the time I felt proud to be his son. Like on the day after the spaghetti blowup, when he took me up to Memorial Park for infield practice. During the ride there, he lectured me about the dedication of great athletes: how they focused on their drills and endured hours of training.  I enjoyed that kind of talk. Dad and I must have been stamped out of the same leather my Bill Mazeroski-autographed glove was made from. 
When we arrived, we searched the woods beyond the right foul line to find some practice balls.  In 15 minutes of hunting I found one and felt lucky. Dad uncovered twelve.  I guess I lacked the scout's eye that served him well in those Pacific jungles.
“How do ya do that, Dad?” I asked as we headed to the infield. 
“Do what?”
“Find so many balls in the woods.”
“It’s a matter of seeing what’s hard to see. I know how to look into the shadows.”
“Oh,” I said, trying to understand his secret.
Because of my weak arm, second base proved to be the best position for me, but I could scoop up grounders like a dog snatching tossed meatballs.  And Dad hit hundreds of them.  I loved the repetition, the warmth of the sun on my back, the whack of the bat and the smack of the ball in my glove, the feel of its stitches against my palm as I reared back to throw it home. Dad would catch it barehanded and never complain. For the last three years, in those hours of practicing, we shared something special on that baseball diamond.  I don’t think I felt that close to anyone else in this world, not even my best friend, Byron. Dad never said it, but I think he felt the same way.  
	After about a half hour of fielding ground balls, a large man named Benton and his teen-age son approached. Mr. Benton came from one of Knightstown’s top athletic families. He didn’t know my father, but everybody knew Ace Benton. A star football player in high school and college, he walked with a slight limp from an old knee injury. “What are you doing on this field!” he shouted.
	“What?” my father responded as if the man’s words had snapped him out of a trance.
	“What the hell are you doing on this field? This is the high school field. Little Leaguers are supposed to practice at Laslo Field in town.”
	My father turned and faced the big man. “What’s the name of this field?”
	“Memorial Field,” Mr. Benton replied with his hands on his hips, and his teenage son crossed his arms.
	“This field was built to honor veterans, right?”
	“That’s right.”
	“At Guadal Canal I lost five best friends. On New Britain I captured two Japanese officers. I lost 25 pounds in 45 days fighting the Japs on Peleliu, and on Okinawa I took 27 pieces of shrapnel in my legs and back from a Jap grenade. Now tell me. Where did you serve?”
	“I . . .I . . . I had a medical exemption, a bad knee. I did what I could here at home.”
	With bat in hand Dad took three steps toward Ace Benton. “Don’t tell me to get the hell off this field. You get the hell off this field!” 
	Mr. Benton and his son hung their heads and walked away.
	For the next half hour Dad hit those balls even harder at me. I didn’t mind. Making dives to stop them, I gave it my all even though a few got by me. Whenever I fielded a zinger, I’d throw it back as hard as I could. He’d catch it barehanded and shout, “Atta boy, Maz!” Nothing made me feel better than that.
	Jenny and Tom never saw that side of him. They thought he was hard as a rock, but I knew better. I’ll never forget what happened the second game of the season. During the third inning Pug Jenkins from the Reds hit a hot grounder right at me. The ball pinged a small stone three feet before my open glove and shot into my left eye. Somehow I managed to chase down the ball and throw him out, but my eye began to swell shut.  The coach pulled me out of the game. Dad bummed some ice from the concession stand to help take the swelling down.  
The shock of the incident made me sick.  Before I could help it, I threw up on the grass by the dugout in front of the stands.  Feeling stupid, thinking my father would be ashamed of my weak stomach, I expected him to get on my case.  Instead he put his arm around me, wiped my face with his handkerchief, and walked me past all those staring faces to the concession booth where he bought me a Coca Cola.  
We watched the rest of the game from the park bench beyond the right field fence.  I was a soldier wounded in battle and he became a corpsman, tending to my injuries inside and out.  During those few innings on that bench beyond the fence, I realized how much Dad loved me even though he rarely said it.
At other times he acted downright silly. Once he marched into the kitchen, flexed his muscles and picked me up like a human barbell, pressing me to the ceiling ten times. I laughed like crazy, and my brother and sister shouted, “More! More!  More!” 
But Mom came to the rescue. “Put him down, Stanley! You’re going to drop him!” He pressed me to the ceiling one last time, dropped me and caught me halfway down. Mom about lost it. Funny thinking back on it, when Dad held me high in the air, I didn’t fear falling. 
	Tom just didn’t relate well to him. I felt bad because he missed out on the kind of things fathers and sons do together. ‘Course, Tom never liked sports. He ended his athletic career at the age of twelve when he quit the sixth grade basketball team.  Dad got so angry that he took Tom's Halloween mask and slammed it into the trashcan. For punishment, he told Tom he couldn’t go trick or treating.  Mom didn’t speak to Dad for a week after that one. 
	After breakfast Tom led Mom into the living room to play his new song. Jenny finally wandered down the stairs and joined us, sitting next to me on the couch. Like always, she had a book in her hand. It was Little Women—the one Dad gave her a week ago. Jenny read while Tom played. Mom and I sat and listened. At first the tune seemed old fashioned like one of those Frank Sinatra love songs Mom enjoyed, but that changed when Tom hit the chorus. He began pounding the keys like The Killer, Jerry Lee Lewis, and singing at the top of his lungs. That even got Jenny’s attention. She dropped her book onto the floor and started clapping. Mom and I joined in.
When I felt the house shaking, at first I thought it was Tom’s performance. Then, out of the corner of my eye, my father’s huge form appeared, charging toward the piano. As the stomps neared, Tom stopped playing and leaned back to get out of the way. Dad’s fists pounded the keys, the notes like musical bombs hurting my ears. His face turned so red I thought the big veins on his neck would pop. Mom, Jenny, and Tom looked white as a sheet, kind of frozen right where they sat. 
Finally, Dad stopped pounding and faced us. “I was trying to read the paper in peace, dammit! Don’t you have any respect?” 
Tom crouched below him. Jenny trembled, but Mom looked like she wanted to commit murder. As he marched toward the kitchen he stepped on Jenny’s book. His feet flew out from under him, and he landed with a loud thud right on his butt. I wanted to laugh out loud but knew that would make things worse, especially for me. He staggered to his feet, bent down, grabbed the book, and hurled it through the dining room and into the kitchen wall.
 “Get these books the hell off the damn floor!” he shouted. When he looked at us, he seemed confused, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, or maybe like he’d never seen us before—total strangers facing each other. His eyes became blank, seeing something we couldn’t see.  When his vision cleared, he marched up the steps and into his bedroom.
	 Tom looked at the floor as Mom put her arm around his shoulder. Jenny cried.
	“I can’t wait to get out of here and move to Los Angeles,” Tom said.
	“I can’t take this anymore,” Jenny sobbed. “Doesn’t he love us?”
	“Now, Jenny, don’t say that,” Mom said. “You know your father loves us.”
	“He’s just tired,” I said. “He’s worn out from working midnight all week.”
	“I’m tired too,” Tom said. “Tired of walking on eggshells.”
	“We’re all tired,” Mom said.
	“Why doesn’t he quit the steel mill,” Jenny said.
	“Where would he work?” Mom asked.
	“Anywhere but the mill,” Tom said.
	“You kids know he makes a decent living at the steel mill. We have a nice house, a car, and plenty of food on the table. Your father would never be happy working at the Broadway Bakery, and I don’t want him working in a coal mine,” Mom said.
	“I hope he’s in a better mood this afternoon at my game,” I said.
	“I’m sure he’ll sleep a few hours before you leave,” Mom said.
	
	That afternoon at two o’clock I put on my Giants uniform and black ball cap with the golden “SF” on the front. Carefully I pulled my long black socks up to my knees before putting on my Converse low tops. As soon as Mom saw me she insisted on getting the camera for a picture. I found my 32-inch Louisville Slugger and posed in my batter’s stance on the patio, staring as mean as I could into the lens.
	“You’re so handsome,” Mom said. “Just like your daddy when he was twelve.”
	Who cared about handsome? The opposing pitcher didn’t care how good I looked.
Mom meant well, always saying I looked like Dad. I knew she loved my father a lot, even though every once in a while she threatened him with the “D” word. And I don’t me damn. Whenever she said divorce, he straightened up quick. Living with my father wasn’t easy. I guess his love was hard to see. To find it you had to look into the shadows. 
At three o’ clock Dad rumbled down the steps and entered the family room with a smile on his face. He scooped Jenny up and tried to kiss her. She struggled loose, slipped from his arms, and ran upstairs. A few seconds later we heard the door slam.
“What’s wrong with her?” he grumbled.
	“I think she’s on her period, Dad. Don’t mind her.”
	“Hey,” he said furrowing his brow. “Where did you learn about that?”
	“Sex class at school.”
	“Sex class? They have a sex class at school?” he asked Mom.
	“Where have you been? This is the seventies. These kids know more about sex than we do.”
	“Come here woman. I’ll show you a thing or two,” he said as he reached out to grab her by the wrist.
	“Leave me alone,” she said coolly. “You terrorized this family seven hours ago and now you expect us to forgive you instantly? I'm getting tired of your tantrums, Stanley. I'm getting very tired.”
	Dad straightened as if a patch of frigid air had swallowed him. Mom busied herself with the dishes. 
	“Where’s Tom?”
	“He left with his friends,” Mom said. “He didn’t want to be around when you got up.”
	“I guess he’s getting tired of me too.”
	Mom kept drying the plates.
	“Do you ever wonder if I get tired?” Dad asked. “Do you think I enjoy going to that hot steel mill and working from eleven o’ clock at night till seven in the morning? Do you think I like changing my sleeping pattern every week from midnight to dayturn to afternoon shift year after year after year?” He paused. “Hell no, I don’t like it! I’m tired too!”
	He turned to me. “Will, are you tired of me?”
	“No, Dad. I don’t . . . don’t think so.” The question caught me off guard, and I knew my answer didn’t quite hit the mark.
	“Go get your glove. We’ve got a championship game to play this afternoon.”
	I went to my room to find my glove, but it wasn’t there. I looked everywhere—under my bed, in my closet, on all of my shelves. We had to be at the field in twenty-five minutes for the game that determined the Knightstown Little League championship, and I couldn’t find my Bill Mazeroski-autographed second baseman’s glove. When Dad entered the room I knew I was in trouble. 
	“What’s the holdup?”
	“I can’t find my glove.”
	“What?” He acted stunned like losing my glove might be the dumbest thing I’ve ever done.
	“I thought I left it in here somewhere.”
	“Dammit!” His face burned. “How many times have I told you to put things where you can find them?” He started lifting stuff up and throwing it out of the way. I stood back. Covers flew here and clothes flew there. “Go out and look in the car,” he barked. “Maybe you left it out there. I’ll keep looking in here.”
	I found the glove on the floor of the back seat of our Ford Fairlane. Relief Flooded over me, but I dreaded spending the day with my father considering his mood. I walked slowly back into the house and up the stairs. Dad was on the floor reaching under my bed. My room looked like a tornado had touched down. 
“I found it Dad,” I said. He looked up and shook his head.
	The ride to Laslo Field was wordless. Some kind of fog had settled upon my father, and I didn’t want to risk stirring any coals of anger by saying something stupid. 
When we arrived he climbed into the stands, and I ran to my favorite spot in the world, that section of smooth ground near the edge of the grass between first and second base. Standing there with my hands on my knees, glove securely positioned, I waited for Coach Hilton to hit me a ground ball.  The stress of the morning’s commotion and the afternoon’s lost glove faded away. My troubles lifted. I was free. On the field in the sunshine I relished the joy of baseball, the chance to compete. The championship was on the line, and I was ready. Hit me the ground ball for the last out of the last inning. I’ll make the play. I’ve done it a thousand times in practice. Give me the chance to win the game. I’ll do it. With dreams of victory sending juices into my system, making me feel alive, the coach hit me a hot grounder. Scooping it up like Billy Maz’, I fired a strike to the catcher. 
“Atta boy, Maz!” Dad yelled from the stands. “Atta boy!”
I looked up and smiled.
He smiled back, waved and called out, “Pay attention now.”
	Five minutes before the game started, I saw George Millhorn, the home plate umpire, walk toward the stands. George and Dad were good friends. They bellied up to the bar often at the American Legion, VFW, and Redman’s Club. As George called out to my father, I knew what was happening and felt a tension increase in the pit of my stomach like a fiddle being tuned too tightly. 
When Dad came down from the stands, my guess proved right: he had agreed to be the infield umpire. Not this time, Lord, I prayed. Any day but today. Dad just won’t handle it well. I took a deep breath and looked to the sky, but a small dark cloud had blocked the sun. 
As I walked to the dugout, Dad passed me and slapped me on the rear. “I’m the infield umpire,” he said. “Told ya they’d need me.”
	To my surprise the game went smoothly. There were close calls at first base, but no one complained too much. Before I knew it the bottom half of the final inning had arrived and we were winning seven to six. The first batter smacked a worm-burner between the first baseman and me. I dove and trapped it on the ground. Rolling once, I snagged it with my right hand and flipped it to the first baseman. “Out!” My father yelled. One down.
	Red Olden, our pitcher, had a wicked fastball when he could control it. The next batter whiffed on a three and two count. Two down. We were on the verge of a great victory. 
“Come on Red. Fire it in there! Hey batter, batter!” I called. 
This was possibly the most exciting moment of my athletic career. My stomach burned, but I focused. I imagined the batter smacking me a hot grounder, and I pounced on it like a cougar on a rabbit. The throw to first . . . in time! And the crowd goes bonkers. But Red tried too hard, and the next batter walked on five pitches. Their tying run was on first, and their winning run was at the plate in the person of Pug Jonkins, the biggest kid on the field. Coach Hilton came to the mound, and we infielders joined the conference. 
	“Ernie, you come in for Red,” Coach said with his hands on the boys’ shoulders. “You did a good job, Red, but you’re starting to lose control. Take Ernie’s place at third base.” Ernie didn’t have a great fastball like Red, but he rarely walked anyone. “Will and Leroy, I know they’re gonna try to steal. We could end this game on the next pitch if Porky can peg the runner out. Both of you move closer to second base. Ernie, throw the ball on the outside and high. Porky, it’s up to you to make a good throw to second base if the runner goes.”
	“No problem, Coach. I’ll do it,” Porky said as he nodded his head. 
We had confidence in Porky. Like a lot of catchers, he was chubby, but strong and accurate. 
	“Let’s do it boys. Let’s win this championship,” Coach said.
Wwe put our hands together for a quick, “Go Giants!”
	As I returned to my position Dad winked at me and smiled with confidence. Jimmy Allen was the base runner. He had good speed. Ernie threw over to first base twice to keep Jimmy close. On the first pitch Jimmy broke for second base. The pitch was high and outside, perfect for Porky to snag and fire to second. The play unfolded in slow motion before my eyes. My timing was perfect. I cut in behind the bag and dipped my glove just as the ball arrived, low and accurate. At the same time Jimmy Allen slid into me against the bag raising a cloud of dust. 
“Safe!” my father yelled from behind me.
 A second later when the dust cleared I looked down to see my glove between Jimmy’s foot and the bag. His foot wasn’t even touching second base. Astounded, I turned and faced Dad. I held my glove up to show him the large dent in the webbing created by Jimmy’s foot. 
	“He never touched the bag, Dad,” I protested.
	The look in my father’s eyes told me his spirit sank like a torpedoed battleship. It was too late. He couldn’t change his call. Up until then I had been patient with Dad all day. I felt an anger flare up inside of me that burned on the surface of my face. I wanted to scream: “The game should be over!” at him louder than he yelled at Tom and Jenny that morning. He could see it in my eyes and steadied himself for my explosion.  But I swallowed the fire that burned in my throat and walked back to my position.
	The batter, Pug Jonkins, was a fifteen year old in a twelve-year-old body. Ernie knew he had to keep the ball away from him. On a 2 and 0 pitch Pug whacked a foul ball that sailed over the bleachers and across Ebenezer Street. When the count went to three and one, the queasiness in my stomach increased. I thought I was going to vomit. Ernie threw the ball as hard as he could down the middle, and Pug hit it so far it landed in the fountain in the middle of the park. We lost eight to seven. 
	You’d think it’d be difficult for a 95 pound, twelve-year-old boy to punish his father, but I knew how. Silence. All the way home I said not a word. With every comment he made I nodded or grunted. After five minutes he gave up. It felt like riding home in a hearse. When the car came to a stop in our driveway, I grabbed my glove and headed for my room. I figured Dad would disappear into his room and sleep the rest of the day. I didn’t want to be around him.
	That night I was lying in bed staring at my ceiling. His large figure darkened my doorway, backlit by the hall light. He walked to my bedside, and I closed my eyes pretending to sleep. 
	“Will,” he said softly and gently touched my cheek. “I’m leaving for work. I just wanted to say goodbye.” I lay as still as possible, barely breathing. “I’m sorry about the game today.” Through a sliver in my eyelid I could see his face. Large bags had formed under his eyes. I knew he hadn’t slept since the game. “I really blew that call. To me you are a champion.” 
Unmoving, I imagined myself a dead body resting in a casket. “Will . . . Will?” He lowered his head and whispered, “I just wanted to tell you I love you.” 
He stood and walked out of my bedroom.  Sweet revenge flowed over me. The punishment was complete. He’d felt the weight of my silence all day. It dug into him and tortured him. Now he had to go to the hot mill and strain for eight hours under the guilt of the burden. A strange thought occurred to me: this was the first time I’d completely shut my father out—the first brick in the wall. Maybe that’s how Tom and Jenny started years ago, one brick at a time. That thought made it hard to fall asleep, but eventually I nodded off. 
	At four o’clock in the morning my mother rushed into my room and flipped on the light. Her face was pale, ghostlike. “Your father’s had a heart attack at work,” she said. “I’ve got to get to the hospital. Pray Will, pray. Pray with all your heart. They told me things didn’t look good.” Her words didn’t sink in until after she’d turned off the light and disappeared down the hall. I lay in the darkness with my heart pounding. The black shadows above me came alive and hovered over me. I tried to bring my hands together to pray but my arms felt restrained. Finally, with great effort, I clasped my hands above my chest.
	Dad rarely went to church, but Mom made sure the kids attended every week. I knew all the Bible stories and could quote a few scriptures. Often I would pray for foolish things like a new dirt bike or baseball victories. I struggled to find the words. It felt like something black and terrible had clasped its hand over my mouth to stop me from praying. With all my might I focused, and the words busted out with sobs as tears streamed down the sides of my face. “Dear God, be with my father. Don’t let him die. Please, Lord, don’t let him die. I didn’t mean to hurt him. I don’t want to lose him. He loves me so much. Give me one more chance. Let me talk to my father again. I want to tell him I love him. Forget that bad call yesterday. It don’t mean nothing. I want to go to Memorial Field and practice with Dad again. Don’t take him from me, Lord. Please, please let him live. Please give me one more chance to tell him I love him.”
	At eight o’clock that morning our car pulled into the driveway. Sitting at the kitchen table, I stared at the door. Mom entered and looked at me with swollen, red eyes. “Your father passed away. They couldn’t save him,” she said.
I went to my bedroom and cried for what seemed like three hours. That afternoon I took the new autographed baseball dad had given me down from my shelf. Without a place to go in mind, I walked for a couple miles and ended up at Memorial Field. Standing along the right foul line, I threw the ball as hard as I could deep into the woods. It ripped through leaves and bounced off a couple tree limbs. I doubted anyone would ever find it. Nobody could find lost balls like my father. He knew how to look into the shadows and see what’s hard to see. 
On the way home, walking down Payne Street, I tripped over a red brick sticking up from the sidewalk. I pulled it out so no one else would stub his toe. When I got home, I set it on the shelf in the empty spot where the ball had been. Maybe one day I’ll go back to Memorial Field and try to find that ball. Maybe then I’ll be able to look into the shadows and see what’s hard to see.




















Consider the Sparrows
by Joe C. Ellis

Berle Bradshaw toggled the switch to raise the adjustable bed. Peering out the bedroom window, she noticed clumps of grass emerging through the rapidly melting snow. To the branch of a large oak tree a single leaf clung, trembling in the breeze. The old tree’s branches spread like giant tentacles into the cerulean sky, a stark network of limbs and spidery twigs. The leaf’s presence lifted her spirits. March had arrived, and she hoped the leaf would hold on until the first buds appeared. At eighty years of age, Berle understood the difficulties of enduring through the seasons of life against unrelenting time.
	Looking beyond the branches, she saw the Knightstown First Presbyterian Church, a gothic structure of sandstone and red brick with magnificent stained-glass windows. On the large window facing her house, the Good Shepherd carried a lost lamb. The morning sun lit the surface of the glass, shimmering the hues. Above the window, a steep tiled roof rose to a cupola topped by a white cross. 
Three weeks ago last Sunday, Berle had slipped on a patch of ice in front of the church and broken her hip. Pastor Eubanks visited faithfully twice a week on Mondays and Thursdays. She did not look forward to his visits, tolerating his hollow enthusiasm and pervasive aftershave. But she had to give him credit: his efforts had increased the numbers in the pews and the dollars in the collection plate. 
“Eubanks knows how to put on a show and raise the dough,” she had told Emma, her daughter. Emma liked Pastor Eubanks, however, and didn’t appreciate the comment.
In Berle’s estimation, no preacher could measure up to Reverend Bill Dobson. He decided to move on to another pastorate two years ago after the Board of Elders ordered him to focus more energy and effort on financial matters and the church renovation program. Reverend Dobson cared more about people than money or property. On one afternoon visit, he confided to Berle that several session members threatened to hang him from her oak tree because he wanted to liquidate the $300,000 in the memorial fund to support various missions and scholarships. Reverend Dobson spent most of his time ministering to the common people in his congregation rather than catering to the well to do. Unfortunately, he slighted the people who contributed substantial sums that paid his salary. In the end his lack of subordination placed him in hot water with the ones who could raise the flames.
One April morning, the day before he left, Reverend Dobson had walked across the church parking lot into Berle’s yard as she planted her marigolds. Knowing he was about to leave, Berle could hardly speak without her voice faltering.
“Pastor Bill,” she said as she stood and embraced him, “do you know how much I’m going to miss you?” 
“And I will miss you, Berle. You are one of my favorite people in Knightstown.”
She stood back and caressed his cheek. Wearing black-framed glasses, he was tall and thin with wisps of gray streaking his black hair. “You always cared about the people who didn’t matter much to anyone else. People like me. Why, Bill? Why did you spend so much time with those who couldn’t return the blessing?”
“I’ve been blessed more than you’ll ever know.” He turned and pointed to a nest on a low branch of the oak tree. “Consider the sparrows, Berle. Are not two sold for a penny? Yet not one of them will fall to the ground apart from the will of your Father.”
Berle blushed. “That’s one of my favorite verses. From Luke 12:6, isn’t it?”
Reverend Dobson nodded.
“Daddy planted that tree when I was five years old. The sparrows have built their nests there every spring.”
“You see what I mean? It’s important to consider the sparrows.”
Now, as Berle lay in bed, recalling her last conversation with Bill Dobson, she gazed at the tree and thought, soon the sparrows will return to build their nests. By the time they lay their eggs I hope I’m walking again. I want to live through another spring, plant my marigolds and enjoy the songs of birds. God willing, I’ll see a few more springs.
The bedroom door opened abruptly, startling her. Berle’s daughter, Emma, a pretty blonde in her early forties, peeked in and smiled. 
“You scared me,” Berle said.
“Why so jumpy, Mother?”
“No reason, really. Just looking out the window. Is there something wrong?”
Emma stepped into the room and collected a plate and glass from the nightstand. “Not at all. You have a visitor. Guess who?”
“No need to guess. It’s Monday morning so it must be Eubanks.”
Emma knotted her brow. “You be nice. Pastor Eubanks thinks a lot of you. Why do you think he visits twice a week?”
Berle’s face muscles tensed as she took a deep breath. That’s what I’d like to know. Certainly he knows I don’t have much money. There’s barely enough to pay the bills every month. “I’m too tired to see him this morning. Tell him to come back on Thursday.” 
“Mother,” Emma whispered harshly, “shame on you. Pastor Eubanks takes time out of his busy schedule just to visit you, and what kind of appreciation does he get? It’s not wise to snub a man of God. You’ve always told me that the Lord punishes the insolent.”
“All right! Fine! Send him in if you insist, but I don’t regard him with the same admiration as you. I think he’s a phony!”
“Shhhhhh!” Emma’s eyes flamed. “He’s right down the hall. He probably heard you.”
“Hmmmph. Don’t care if he did.”
Emma raised her index finger. “You need to change that nasty attitude. Considering all Pastor Eubanks has accomplished in the last year, you should feel special that he cares enough to stop by twice a week to offer comfort.”
“He’s up to something. I don’t know why, but for some reason I have become part of his plans.” 
Emma folded her arms and shook her head. “I hope God doesn’t punish you for that kind of critical spirit. It’s not Byron Eubanks’ fault that Dobson decided to leave. You need to get over it. You know Reverend Dobson would have never approved of your attitude.”
Berle lowered her eyes. Emma was right. Bill Dobson would have told her to let go of any bitterness and resentment she harbored toward the Board of Elders and their obsession with renovations and growth and do her best to foster a smooth transition for Reverend Eubanks. “I’m sorry,” Berle said. “I don’t know why I feel this way. I’ve been cooped up in this bedroom for too long. This broken hip has gotten the better of me.”
Emma knelt and grasped her hand. “I know, Mother. I know. It’s been difficult. But Doc Saunders believes you’ll be walking again in another six weeks. Until then, please be kind to those who go out of their way to comfort you.”
Berle nodded. “I’ll behave. Send him in.”
To Berle, Byron Eubanks’ smile appeared painted on as if to camouflage his real thoughts. When he walked in the room, the sun’s rays beaming through the window slashed across his face, creating a harsh contrast of shadow and light. His hair, a dark umber, was combed back and held in place by a generous dousing of hairspray. He had a large skin-tag on his left eyelid, and his eyebrows grew wiry and thick.
“How’s my good friend, Berle, doing today?” his voice boomed, smooth and confident like a slick disc jockey’s.
“I’m getting along. Things haven’t changed much since the last time you were here.”
“Well, you sure look good.” He reached out and grasped her hand as she forced a smile. Turning slightly, he gestured to the window. “And what a beautiful view on such a splendid day. The sun is rising. The snow is melting. Spring is in the air, Berle.”
She pulled her hand away from his clammy grip. “Yes. I know. I can’t wait to get out of this room and walk around the block again.” 
The preacher focused on the Good Shepherd carrying the lost lamb. “I didn’t realize what a magnificent view you had of the church from here—that’s my favorite window. Too bad that old oak tree is right smack dab in the way. When the leaves grow thick in the summer, it blocks the view, doesn’t it?”
Berle nodded as she looked at the single leaf still hanging on.
“That’s most unfortunate,” Eubanks said. “I’ll tell you what, though. I know a couple of guys with a chainsaw who could cut that monster down in no time—free of charge.”
Berle’s eyes filled with uneasiness. “Don’t do me any favors, Pastor Eubanks. Some human being designed and put together that stained glass window, but God made the tree. I’ll take the beauty of the tree over the window any day.”
Eubank’s expression lost its vitality like a sail that droops when a strong wind ceases suddenly. “There’re lots of trees to admire in this neighborhood, Berle. Certainly you get your fill when you stroll around the block, don’t you?”
“That’s a special one. My father planted that tree seventy-five years ago.”
“I see. It must hold some sentimental value.”
Berle nodded cautiously, observing the subtle ripples of insincerity just below the surface of his demeanor.
Changing the subject, Eubanks mentioned how much the ladies in the Women’s Circle missed her. He raved about their Lord’s Auction last week that exceeded expectations by raising over $10,000 for the new entertainment room. With the money, he wanted to purchase a big screen television, a pool table, and poker tables so that he could draw more young people to the church by offering fun nights. 
Berle hated the idea. “Call me old fashioned,” she had complained to one of the younger woman in the club, “but the last thing a church needs is an entertainment room. Next they’ll be wanting to put a bar in the place.” Berle refused to donate any items to the auction. Instead, she doubled her usual contribution of groceries to the food cupboard. 
After showering the Women’s Circle with praise for their fundraising efforts, Eubanks got on a roll, talking about the building and renovation program. Berle despised these blustering monologues. He boasted how the stewardship committee had raised the pledges necessary to secure a substantial loan for the new gym. To host the church basketball league had also been one of Eubank’s goals since he arrived. A star player in high school, he promoted competition among the town’s churches. He especially wanted to put together a team that could whip the Baptists. Winning the championship trophy for the last three seasons, they called themselves the “Baptist Dunkers.” Eubanks insisted God predestined the Presbyterians to win this year, especially if they could play on their home court.
After fifteen minutes of rambling through various trivialities of the last few days of ministry—the new sound system being dedicated, Elder Bernard Shlep’s gallbladder operation, the newest Christian romance novels donated to the church library—Eubank’s expression waxed somber. “Berle, I’ve been waiting for the right time to mention this to you. Now that spring is almost here, I believe the Lord wants me to offer you an opportunity to serve our church in a special way.”
Eubank’s words sent an odd jittering through her. When she met his gaze, he looked away. This is it, she thought. Now I’ll discover the reason he’s been so faithful to visiting me. Berle looked out the window and saw the lone leaf still clinging to the branch. A gust of wind jostled it but could not break it loose.
“You see, Berle . . .” Eubanks said and then cleared his throat. “Our congregation has been growing by leaps and bounds for the past year. Parking has become a major problem. With our other building projects, we’ve run out of property.”
She wanted to shout, “No!” before he could continue, but her throat tightened with anxiety.
He reached out and touched her hand. “I want you to pray about donating a portion of your back yard to the church.” With his free hand he pointed to the window. “There’s enough room out there to create forty more parking spaces—two rows of twenty.”
Berle swallowed and then barked, “No!”
Eubanks withdrew his hand quickly. His features pursed as if he had just taken a big bite out of a lemon. “But . . . but you haven’t even taken the time to pray about this.”
“I don’t need to pray about it. You’d have to cut the oak tree down to make room for that parking lot. As long as I’m alive, no one’s going to cut that tree down.”
“But Berle, what I’m asking of you is more important than a tree.” His thick eyebrows lowered, hooding his eyes. “I’m talking about the work of God moving forward in this community.”
“That tree is the work of God, Pastor Eubanks. When I’m dead and gone, Emma can do whatever she wants with this property. It’ll be all hers. Until then, no one touches that tree.”
Eubanks straightened. “I see.” His eyes lost contact with her, as if he were trying to figure a difficult math problem in his head. His lips trembled slightly, but then his jaw muscles tightened. “Are you sure you don’t want to pray about this, Berle? This is your chance to make a difference. Is it wise to close a door God opens to you?”
The voice of Bill Dobson echoed in her mind: Consider the sparrows. She took a deep breath. “Sorry, Pastor Eubanks. As long as I’m alive, no one touches that tree. You’ll have to find some other alternative for your parking lot.”
A subtle flare of anger passed across his face but dissipated quickly. The painted smile returned. “Very well. God’s will be done.” He reached down and touched her hand. “I’ll be back on Thursday morning. I know this request was a shock to you. Perhaps in a few days you’ll begin to see things differently.”
“I doubt it,” Berle said quickly. Eubanks was good at using words to raise guilt levels in hopes of swaying people to his side of an issue. But deep in her heart Berle knew she was right and met his stare without wavering.
“Please at least think about this for the sake of God’s Kingdom. We’ll talk again on Thursday.”
Berle peered out the window at the oak. “Don’t get your hopes up. Unless God sends Gabriel himself to blow his trumpet so hard the tree topples, I’m not changing my mind about the parking lot. When I’m dead and gone it’ll be up to Emma, but I’m hoping to live quite a few more years.”
Leaving the bedroom door open, Eubanks departed. The voices of Emma and the preacher echoed down the hall. Berle grasped the side rails and pulled herself forward to listen. 
“No luck, huh?” Emma asked.
“You were right. She loves that old oak tree,” Eubanks said.
“Sorry. You know I would donate the property, but it’s not mine to give.”
“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “God works in mysterious ways. I haven’t given up yet. I believe that tree will fall before June.”
To Berle, Eubank’s voice seemed confident and arrogant. His gall irked her.
“Do you want me to talk to her?” Emma asked.
“No. Don’t pressure her. Sometimes you just have to trust the Lord in these kinds of circumstances.”
Their footsteps trailed down the hall to the front of the house. After hearing the front door open and close, Berle reached for her Bible on the nightstand. A bookmark secured the location of her favorite verse from the Gospel of Luke, chapter twelve. After reading Jesus’ words about the sparrows and glancing out the window at the tree, she sent up a prayer. Deep in her spirit she sensed the answer.



On Thursday morning a strong north wind whipped through the branches of the oak tree and scudded slate gray clouds across the sky. Against the gale the lone leaf clung defiantly.
At ten A.M., Eubanks entered Berle’s bedroom carrying a tray with a glass of orange juice and a small cup with a few pills in it.
“Emma wanted me to deliver your medicine to you,” Eubanks said and then smiled that painted smile.
Berle nodded thanked him.
“Are the pills for your hip pain?”
“Yes. That and my cholesterol and my thyroid. Believe me, I hate swallowing pills.”
“Emma told me you’re a rebel when it comes to taking your medicine. I promised her I’d make sure you took them before I left.”
“The orange juice helps. I can’t take them with water.”
Eubanks painted on his smile again. “I can only stay a few minutes today. I have several hospital visits to make and a fund-raiser meeting to attend.”
Berle didn’t mind that he was in a hurry. The sooner he left the better. 
“I’m just curious. Did you pray about what I mentioned to you on Monday?” he inquired.
Berle met his gaze. “As a matter of fact I did, and the answer is still no.”
Eubanks took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “If that’s your decision, then may God’s will be done.” Color drained from his face and the painted smile sagged. His eyes watered.
Berle couldn’t stand to look at him any longer. She glanced out the window to see the lone leaf shuddering in the wind, but somehow it hung on.
When she turned and eyed Eubanks, she noticed a tear trickling down his cheek. Glancing around the room, he finally cleared his throat and mumbled some indistinguishable words. She had never seen him so shaken.
Gripping the side rails, she steadied herself. Has my stubborness affected him that much or is this just another ploy? Maybe not. Maybe I’m being selfish trying to protect that tree. She glanced at her nightstand. Her Bible lay open to Luke chapter twelve. No. I’m not wrong. Consider the sparrows. She sat up.
“Here.” Eubanks handed Berle the glass of orange juice and the cup of pills. “Drink this down and I’ll be on my way.”
Berle shook the pills into her mouth and gulped the orange juice. The quicker the better, Berle thought. After swallowing, she said, “That orange juice has an odd taste.”
Eubanks smiled the painted smile. “Too much pulp?”
Berle shrugged. “No. It just tasted funny.”
“Shall I pray for you before I leave?” 
Berle felt suddenly nauseous. “If you’d like.”
Eubanks reached, grasped her hand, and started to pray. 
Opening her eyes slightly, she noticed his eyes weren’t shut. He was observing her. His hand felt cold and twitchy. 
That’s odd, she thought 
He ended the prayer with the words: May God’s will be done. Amen. Then he turned and hurried out of the room.
Berle’s stomach burned. The wind rattled the window. Berle shifted her focus to the oak tree and saw a high branch break and plunge through the network of limbs. It tumbled past the lone leaf just before another blast ripped the leaf away, lifting it skyward. 
Berle felt a terrible constriction in her throat. Breathing became difficult. Her heart thudded against her ribcage. She tried to cry out to Emma but couldn’t breathe deeply enough to raise the volume of her voice. The image of Eubanks handing her the bitter orange juice flashed through her mind. As Berle’s heart pounded and respiration faltered, she reached across the bed to the open Bible on the nightstand. Her fingers scrabbled at the page, ripping it from the binding. With her other hand she managed to grasp the pen next to the Bible. Although she could no longer breathe, she focused all effort to scribble a sentence at the top of the page near her favorite verse.


Emma entered the bedroom and saw her mother’s wide dull eyes. She stepped toward the bed, but the horror of Berle’s contorted expression unnerved her. Trembling, she turned away and looked out the window. In the church parking lot she spied Pastor Eubanks climbing into his black Lexus. Adrenaline charged through her as she heaved the window up and screamed. 
Throwing open the car door and stumbling onto the pavement, he hollered, “Are you all right?”
“My mother! Something’s terribly wrong. I think she’s . . . I think she’s . . .” Emma’s words clogged in her throat, and swallowing didn’t help remove the lump that stifled her voice.
“I’ll be right there!” The preacher charged across the parking lot to the front of the house. Within seconds he entered the bedroom, face flushed and lungs huffing.
“I’m going to call the Emergency Squad,” Emma choked through her tears as she hurried past him. “Please stay with her.”
Eubanks tentatively approached the bed. A gust of wind rushed through the open window and fluttered the page from the Bible Berle had clutched to her breast. Curiosity filled the preacher’s eyes as he reached down and pinched the corner of the page with his thumb and forefinger. After several firm jerks, he extracted it from Berle’s grip. He read the words she had written. 
Footsteps sounded in the hallway. Turning quickly, Eubanks crumpled the page and tossed it into the yard and then closed the window with a sudden slam. 
Emma’s eyes tensed with anxiety. “The Emergency Squad should arrive any minute,” she stammered. 
“I’m sorry, Emma,” Eubanks said. “There’s not much they’ll be able to do. Your mother has passed on.”
Emma sobbed and rushed to Eubanks’ arms. He held her tightly and whispered, “I’ll be here for you.”




The tall man rubbed the thin coating of whiskers on his chin as he leaned the ladder against the oak tree. His partner, a short, stocky fellow with receding black hair and Elvis sideburns, placed the chainsaw case on the ground.
“We oughta cut the low branches first—the ones we can reach from the ground—and get them outta the way, Darby,” the short one said. 
“Yeah,” Darby said. “That sounds reasonable.” He turned from the tree and glanced toward the church. “Hey, Al. You remember playing wiffleball in that parking lot when we were kids? You, me, Billy Moyer and the gang?”
“Those were the days,” Al said as he knelt to unclasp the case.
“I’ll never forget old Widow Bradshaw. Always brought a tray full of glasses filled with lemonade out to us.”
“I think she actually enjoyed watching us play,” Al said as he adjusted the choke on the saw.
“She’s dead and gone now.”
“Too bad.”
“She loved this old tree too.”
“We wouldn’t be cutting it down if she were still alive.”
“I know,” Darby said. “Reverend Eubanks must have some big plans for this property. Let me see that saw.”
Darby took the saw and pulled the chord. It sputtered and hissed. On the second try it roared to life. He lifted it above his head and pressed the whirring chain into a thick branch. Chunks of wood and sawdust rained down.
After the branch crashed to the ground, Al drew his finger across his throat to signal Darby to cut the engine.
Darby hit the kill switch and lowered the saw. “What’s wrong?”
“Look at that,” Al said, pointing to the fallen branch.
Near Darby’s feet lay a dashed bird’s nest with three broken eggs. Above them, the mother sparrow darted and screeched. 
“Damn. I didn’t mean to do that,” Darby said.
Al knelt down. “What in the world is this?” He reached into the nest and extracted a wrinkled and tattered piece of paper.
“Those birds will use anything handy to build their nests. What is it? A candy wrapper or something?”
“No. It looks like a page from the Bible.” Al stood and held the paper so both could examine it. “See the red letters? Those are the words of Jesus: Consider the sparrows. Are not two sold for a penny? Yet not one of them will fall to the ground apart from the will of your Father.” 
“What’s that faded writing above say?” Darby asked as he pointed to the handwritten words.
“It’s hard to read, but it looks like: Reverend Eubanks . . . . . . poisoned me?” Al’s eyes grew wide.
Darby took the page and raised it to within six inches of his face. He gasped. “It’s signed Berle Bradshaw.”
“We better head down to the City Building. Chief Moyer might want to look at this,” Al said.
“No doubt about it. Billy Moyer enjoyed quite a few of those tall glasses of lemonade too.”
As the two men walked to their pickup truck, the mother sparrow flew heavenward.




































The Bridge
by Joe C. Ellis

If I remember correctly, the travesty on the bridge occurred on the last Sunday in September of 1982. At two o’clock in the afternoon my best friend, Byron Butler, sprang from his front door on Nicholas Street and ran southward past the Broadway Bakery. I can picture his long black hair bouncing in rhythm to his strides. 
	When he turned the corner by the Dairy Queen, Sheila Hightower, the captain of the cheering squad, and two of her friends called out, “Hey Byron! Stop and rap with us!”
	Byron turned and shouted, “Can’t stop now! I’m on a ten-mile run! See ya tonight!”
	Girls loved Byron Butler. He was six feet one inch tall and one hundred and forty-seven pounds, lean and muscular with a face like Tyrone Power. Byron, of course, loved women, but not as much as he loved running. He was a natural, blessed by the gods of Mount Olympus. I thought he was Irish, but he claimed to be Greek, a descendant of Pheidippides, the legendary messenger who ran twenty-five miles from the plain of Marathon to Athens and died proclaiming, “Rejoice! We Conquer!” Byron longed to conquer. At the Ohio High School Cross Country Championships his junior year he finished fifth. This season he wanted to capture the individual state title and if possible, lead the Knightstown Pale Riders to the team championship.
	As he shortened his stride on the slight upgrade, he determined his destination for that day’s run. He planned to cross the West Channel Bridge, run down Wheeling Island, cross the I-70 Bridge into West Virginia, mount the half-mile hill to North Park, descend Wheeling Hill and run a mile along the flat stretch to the big Presbyterian Church in Woodsdale. There and back would be ten miles. He felt good.
	To his left he saw the rusty, blue-painted bridge spanning the muddy Ohio River. Because of structural weaknesses, the bridge had been closed to vehicles for three years, but pedestrians were permitted to cross. He turned onto the walkway and swiped sweat from his forehead. For late September it was incredibly warm. Byron’s white t-shirt and gray trunks flapped in the wind, and his white and red Nikes flashed in the sunlight. When he reached the steel-mesh portion of the bridge’s walkway he glanced up. His heart jumped. Coming toward him, a pack of high school boys clad in red and black ran at a leisurely pace. Oh crap, Byron thought. It’s the entire Glass City cross country team.
	He knew they had seen him. Turning around would signify a sign of weakness. Oh hell. I can take anything they dish out, he thought. Rusty steel beams and cables separated the walkway from the road portion of the bridge. One could cut through the framework and step down onto the wider steel mesh of the roadway, but that would require a breaking of stride, a submission, a loss of face. Byron wasn’t about to display any gesture of inferiority. The Glass City runners crowded together as they neared, and sneers formed on their faces. Byron slowed and jutted his chin. Everyone stopped at once. They formed a wall.
	“Well if it aint Byron the Bastard,” a short, dark-haired boy with a thin mustache said. Byron knew the guy’s name, Remington Turner Ball III. The Glass City kids called him Remmy, but the Pale Riders called him Turdball. He was one of the senior captains and the sixth man on their squad, one of the best high school cross country teams in Ohio.
	“Good afternoon, gentlemen . . . I mean savages. We meet again and so soon,” Byron said.
	“That’s right,” Gomer Jones said. “Wasn’t it just yesterday we kicked your team’s sorry ass?” Byron looked at Gomer and nodded. Gomer, Hershel Riggs and Ted Spore were Turdball’s henchmen. Remington Turner Ball III came from one of the few wealthy families in Glass City. He had discovered it was easy to buy friends in his working class town.
	Byron cleared his throat. “If I remember correctly, none of you came within thirty seconds of me yesterday. You may have beaten my team, but we were tired. We trained through yesterday’s meet. However, on an individual basis, I kicked all of your butts.” 
Byron’s pronouncement wiped the sneers from their faces. They envied his talent. None of them had ever finished near Byron in a race.
	“You think you can whip us all, don’t you?” Hershel said. He had curly blond hair and a bulbous, pimpled nose. A junior, Hershel was their best runner.
	“In a distance race, no doubt about it, I can beat all of you.”
	“How ’bout in a fight,” Remmy said.
	“One against ten?” Byron asked.
	Remmy’s chest puffed up “You’re gonna have to fight each one of us if you want to pass by on this walkway. If you don’t want to fight us, step through the framing and go around us.”
	“One by one I believe I could whip all of you except for Christian Archer. He’s an ape, and I mean that as a compliment,” Byron smiled and saluted the biggest boy on their team. Christian, six feet tall and 180 pounds, surprisingly, was a good distance runner. He nodded at Byron and flexed his large biceps. The rest of the team glowered.
	“I think I can whip you,” Donny Dombrato said, his dark, intense eyes narrowing. He had muscular quads and could out-kick anyone near him in a race. His pride rivaled his speed. 
	“Okay. I believe Donny would put up a good fight too. I would say Donny and I are evenly matched.”
Dombrato crossed his arms.
	“You’re a pompous son of a bitch,” Ted Spore said. He had large ears, a freckled face and a chipped front tooth.
	“You’re language shocks me, Spore,” Byron said. “I didn’t think a pinhead like you knew what pompous meant.”
	“You'll be lucky if I don’t throw you off this bridge. . .”
	“He’s not a son of a bitch,” Remmy interrupted. “He’s a bastard. Kids from his own school call him Byron the Bastard. Who’s your daddy, Byron?”
	“I may be a bastard,” Byron said, “but that’s better than what you are.”
	“Oh yeah. What am I?”
	“Let me put it this way. Do you know what the difference is between you and a bucket of turds?”
	“No. Go ahead and tell if you’ve got the gonads.”
	“Well, my short friend, it’s the bucket.”
	Remmy stepped forward. “Don’t you ever call me your friend!”
	“I stand corrected. You are not my friend. You are only a turdball.”
	“That does it,” Remmy’s face reddened. “Let’s rumble. Right here and now.” He shoved Byron.
	Byron put up his hands to deflect any further blows. “Wait,” he said. “I'll gladly fight Turdball, if we can come to a gentlemen’s agreement.”
	“What’re you talking about?” Donny Dombrato said.
	“If Remmy whips me, I’ll turn around and go home with my tail between my legs. I’ll concede that he is the better man. If I thump Remmy, then being gentlemen, you will allow me to pass.”
	“Sounds good to me,” Christian Archer said. 
	“Sounds reasonable,” Donny said. “Remmy, Christian, and I are the three captains of this team. We make the decisions. What do you think Remmy? Is it agreeable to you?”
	Remmy pointed his finger in Byron’s face. “If I whip you, you will never call me Turdball again?”
	“Never. Neither Turdball nor friend. I will respectfully refer to you as Remington Turner Ball III.”
	“Okay. Let’s do it,” Remmy raised his fists.
	Some of the boys dipped below the framing and spread out onto the steel-mesh roadway. The rest circled behind them surrounding the two fighters. 
	“Get him, Remmy! Get him!” Ted Spore hollered. “Knock him on his pompous ass.”  Others rallied with similar hoots.
	Byron, with his long arms, took a step back from his stockier opponent. He knew Remmy would recklessly charge him. If he timed it right, his first punch could do some damage. Leading with a short left jab, Remmy attacked. Byron’s straight right shot out with power and accuracy catching his opponent squarely on the left eye. Remmy reeled against the rail and into the arms of Gomer Jones and Hershel Riggs. He put his hand to his eye. Red swelling blossomed beneath his fingers. “You bastard!” he yelled. “Now I’m gonna kill you!”
	Like a midget bull, Remmy charged, gouging his head into Byron’s stomach. The blast knocked the wind out of him, but he managed to twist Remmy and pull him to the steel-mesh floor using the momentum of the charge. After rolling over each other twice, the boys struggled to gain dominance, but paused when their shoulders and heads slid beyond the edge of the walkway. Looking down they could see the swirling, brown river forty feet below. Wiggling hips and shoulders they extracted their bodies from the perilous position and resumed short punches and slaps as they rolled on the bridge. 
	“Come on, Remmy!” Gomer shouted. “Pound him!”
	Byron noticed that Remmy’s eye was swelling shut. He broke free and stood with his fists raised. Remmy staggered to his feet. Maneuvering to his opponent’s left, Byron blocked several short punches. Because Remmy had to turn his head to clearly see his target, Byron gained an advantage by circling to his right. Remmy twisted his head and threw several wild right hooks. Wait for the next wild punch Byron told himself. When the flailing right came again, Byron grabbed Remmy’s arm and spun him around. He wrapped the arm behind Remmy’s back and clamped his forearm around his neck. Standing behind Remmy, one arm applying a headlock and the other jerking Remmy’s arm behind him, Byron gained complete control. When Remmy tried to struggle free by maneuvering with his left arm, Byron would jerk Remmy’s right arm higher behind his back.
	“He’s breaking my arm!” Remmy screamed, his eye now completely swollen shut. “Get him off me!”
	 Ted Spore, Hershel Riggs and Gomer Jones stepped forward.
	“Wait a minute,” Byron said. The three goons stopped. “Does this mean I win?”
	“Get this bastard the hell off me!” Remmy cried.
	“Let him go, Butler,” Ted Spore ordered.
	“As soon as someone declares me the winner.”
	None of the Glass City boys wanted to confirm Remmy’s defeat.
	“My arm! My arm!” Remmy screamed.
	“That does it. Let’s get him,” Spore said.
	The three henchmen surrounded Byron and Remmy like hyenas preparing to steal the prey away from a young lion. In unison they sprang upon Byron grabbing his arms and legs and dragging him to the ground. Remmy stumbled forward grasping his arm. Turning, he faced Byron who was trying to break free.  Remmy’s good eye grew maniacal and his face livid. He looked like a teenage gargoyle. “Throw him over!” he ordered.
	The three lifted Byron off the ground.
	“I said throw him in the river!” Remmy yelled.
	“Now boys, don’t do anything rash. That’s a forty foot drop,” Byron said.
	A wicked smile formed on Ted Spore’s freckled face. He had Byron’s ankles clamped in his hands. The other two boys held him by the arms and shoulders.
	“Dammit! I said throw him over the rail.” Remmy said. The three boys lifted him shoulder high.
	“Stop it!” Christian Archer shouted. “He beat you fair and square, Remmy.”
	“Put him down,” Donny Dombrato said.
	Remmy marched up to his three flunkies and hollered, “I said throw him over!”
	They edged toward the railing holding Byron high in the air. “Now guys, wait a minute. I can’t swim.”
	Christian Archer stepped closer. “Put him down I said!”
	The three goons looked at Remmy. “Throw him over! Now! Now!” The second ‘now’ triggered their toss. They stepped to the rail and flung Byron into the air.
	Byron’s arms twirled and his legs spread as he fell. All ten Glass City Savages leaned over the rail and watched him drop. He pierced the water with an incredible splash. The river sucked him under with a gulp, and circles rippled and expanded. He did not surface. The opaque current resumed its flow as the boys leaned and looked. A minute passed.
	“Why did you throw him over?” Christian Archer flared. “He said he couldn’t swim.” Archer ripped off his red T-shirt.
	“Remmy told us to,” Gomer Jones said.
	“If Remmy told you to jump off this bridge, would you?” Donny Dombrato asked. 
	By now Christian Archer had his shoes off and climbed the rail. Donny Dombrato untied his shoes and peeled off his shirt. Archer dove and knifed into the water. Dombrato jumped, landing with a large splash just beyond Archer’s bobbing head. Both boys inhaled a large breath and disappeared below the surface. Forty feet above, the eight teammates gazed in silence. Nothing could be seen through the murky depths. After a minute the two boys broke the surface and gasped for air.
	“Can’t find him!” Archer yelled between breaths. “It must be twelve feet deep here.” Donny Dombrato held his breath and re-submerged. Archer followed.
	Another minute passed and the boys ascended, this time choking and coughing as their heads poked through to air. When Christian Archer gained control of his breathing he yelled, “This is your fault, Remmy!” 
	“I didn’t know he couldn’t swim!” Remmy said.
	“He said so himself,” Donny Dombrato said as he treaded water.
	“I didn’t believe him.”
	“I’m going down again,” Christian Archer said. 
The boys sunk into the depths.
	“What are we gonna do?” Ted Spore said.
	“What if he drowned?” Hershel Riggs said.
	“Could they charge us with murder?” Gomer Jones said.
	“Shut up!” Remmy said. “Let me think.” His swollen eyelid was turning blue. With his good eye he looked from face to face. “No one says a word about this.” 
	“No way,” Ted Spore said. The other two agreed.
	Remmy turned and approached the four younger teammates. “Do you hear me boys? No one says a word about this.”
	The two freshmen and two sophomores looked at Remmy and his three accomplices. The culprits’ faces hardened. The younger boys looked sick, pale complexions and darting eyes. They nodded.
	“If any of you guys say a word, you may end up in the river too,” Remmy said. Just then they heard splashing below.
	“He’s gone!” Christian Archer called out. “We can’t find him.”
	“The under-current's too strong,” Donny Dombrato said. “It probably carried him away.”
	“It’s been over five minutes. No one can hold his breath that long,” Archer hollered as he struggled to stay above the swirling water. “We’re swimming to shore.”
	“Bring our shirts and shoes with you!” Donny yelled. 
	The two boys swam toward the western shore. Their teammates gathered their apparel and walked to the point of the bridge above the river’s edge. They watched Donny and Christian climb onto the muddy bank. 
Christian yelled, “Drop our shoes and shirts onto the railroad tracks! We don’t want to cross over Howells Highway. We’ll meet you down at the overpass by the Purple Heart Bridge.”
	“Good idea!” Remmy yelled back. He knew it would be difficult for Christian and Donny to cut across the highway’s four-lane traffic. Besides, two boys hopping over the fence and dodging traffic on the dangerous road would look suspicious.
	When the boys reunited below the overpass in Bridgeville, Christian Archer appeared angry. “What are you gonna do, Remmy?” he asked.
	“Whadaya mean what am I gonna do? I ain’t gonna do nothin'.”
	“You’re not gonna tell the cops what happened?”
	“No. Are you?”
	Christian and Donny stood silently, glancing at each other.
	“We’re all in this together,” Remmy said.
	“I don’t think so,” Donny said.
	“You’re the one always sayin’ we gotta be a team.”
	“Yeah, but this is different. A kid died today,” Donny said.
	“Are you two gonna rat on us?” Remmy said.
	“No Remmy. You’re gonna take responsibility,” Christian said.
	“Whadaya mean?” 
	“Sooner or later you’ll confess. I’ll see to it.”
	“If you rat on us then we'll have to own up to it. I hope you understand this could blow our whole season,” Remmy said. “We’re the best damn cross country team in the state of Ohio. Do you want to ruin our chances at a state championship?”
	"You don't understand. A dead boy's body is gonna rise up somewhere downstream. There’ll be an investigation. You're gonna have to come clean," Christian said.
	"I'll cross that bridge if I come to it," Remmy said.
	“Remmy, I've known you all my life," Christian said. "The guilt will get to you. You don't have the stomach to keep this quiet. You'll see Byron Butler's face in your dreams."
	“My three compadres and I have a pact. We’ll never spill on each other.”
	"When that dead body shows up, you'll confess," Christian said.
	"Only if you rat on me first."
	"We'll see," Christian said. 


I should have run with Byron that day. We were inseparable, closer than brothers. When Byron didn’t show up at school the next day, we figured he had run away. He and his mom didn’t always see eye to eye, especially when it came to the identity of his father. She flat out refused to tell him. He’d get mad and take off. He had run away three times in his younger days, but I had my doubts, though. Byron wasn’t a kid any more. Certainly, he had matured to the point where he didn’t solve his problems by running away.
The next evening I lay in bed wondering what actually happened to my buddy. Raindrops, dripping and collecting on the window, refracted the streetlight's beams creating an eerie scene above me. In desperation I decided to say a prayer for him. I hadn’t prayed since my dad died back when I was in junior high. Me and God weren’t on good terms.
 With great exertion I clasped my fingers over my chest. I felt a demon’s cold hand upon my mouth. Searching for words to say, I battled this heaviness of bitterness and resentment now pressing upon me. A dark shadow suddenly materialized across the ceiling. It was in the shape of a man. A loud rapping rattled my window. My hands separated and pressed on the mattress. My eyes widened. The window rattled again. I bolted out of my bed energized with fear. Through the glass dimly I saw a gangly figure standing on the porch roof.
The specter, a black, tall shape, moved closer. I thought about a weapon. My father's old golf clubs were in the corner of my closet. With my eyes on the window I backed up. Pale hands pressed against the wet glass and then a contorted face appeared. Byron’s face! Placing my hand upon my chest, I saw his scowl brake into a wide smile. I heard him laughing beyond the glass.
	After waiting several seconds for my heart to slow down, I approached the window, unlocked it, and yanked it open. Dripping wet, he climbed in.
	"Where in hell have you been?"
	"Get me a towel," he said.
	I peeked out of my door to make sure my mother wasn't in the hall. The coast was clear, so I pulled a beach towel out of the bottom of the linen closet.
	Shutting the door, I faced Byron. I threw the towel as hard as I could, and it smacked him in the face.
	"Damn you. That hurt." He vigorously dried his hair.
	"You about gave me a heart attack."
	"That was hilarious."
	"Man, what is going on?"
	"Wait till you hear."
	"Did something happen?"
	"Oh, did something happen."
	"Did you run away from your mom again?"
	"Yes and no." He dropped the towel to the floor, pulled off his t-shirt and slipped out of his running trunks and jock strap. "I've been wearing this jock strap for two days. It's a little moldy.” He picked up the towel and dried his groin area.
	"What kind of answer is that, ‘yes and no’? Your mom has no idea where you are."
	"Let her think that I ran away."
	"What?"
	"You heard me. I'm mad as hell at her. We had our final fight about the identity of my father. I told her I'd never bring it up again. I'm eighteen years old. I’m an adult now. I deserve to know, and she deserves to suffer a little. Let her think that I took off."
	"You are heartless."
	"Get me some clothes and fresh underwear."
	Byron was two inches taller than me. My shirts fit him, but my pants were slightly bigger in the waist and a little short.
	"What about the O.V.A.C. Championship on Saturday?"
	"Don't worry. I'll be there."
	"Are you coming to practice tomorrow?"
	"No. I'm training on my own."
	"Have you gone crazy?"
	"Crazy like a ghost."
	"Byron, your mom is going to report you missing to the police tomorrow."
	"Perfect."
	"Coach Silvers is asking about you."
	"Are you my best friend?"
	"You know I am."
	"You've got to promise me you won't say a word to anyone. Not even to Coach Silvers."
	"Why?"
	"I've got an incredible scheme—one that will go down in the annals of Ohio Valley Cross Country history. It will be the Mother of All Paybacks."
	"Wait a minute. Back up. What happened to you on Sunday?"
	"I went head to head with the whole Glass City cross country team."
	“What happened?”
	"Crossing the West Channel Bridge, I looked up and there they were."
	"I should have ran with you on Sunday."
	"That's right, pal. You should have. They wouldn't let me pass by."
	"No kidding. What did you do?"
	"I told them I could whip all their asses one by one, and I started with Turdball."
	"Oh man. You're not kidding are you?" I sat down on my bed and looked up at Byron. His hands became expressively alive as he relived the story on the stage of my bedroom floor.
	"Wait till you see Turdball's eye," he said as he took a boxing stance. "I whacked him good. We rolled around a little on the bridge. When I saw his eye swelling shut I jumped up and circled to his left. It wasn't long before I had him in a headlock with his arm behind his back. I was tempted to break it. I should have. That sonovabitch."
	"Why? What’d he do?"
	"He ordered his three thugs to throw me off the bridge—Spore, Riggs and Jones. I said, 'Guys, don't do this. That's a long drop and I can't swim.' Christian Archer and Donny Dombrato told them to put me down."
	"Wow. Did they put you down?"
	"Hell yes. Right down into the Ohio River. I sunk like a sack of cement." 
	"Oh man. Don't they know they could have killed you? What did they say when you came to the surface?"
	"I never came to the surface."
	"You never came to the surface?"
	"Nope."
	"That means I'm talking to a dead man."
	"That's right."
	"Come on Byron. You're starting to freak me out."
	"I never surfaced where they could see me. I can hold my breath for two minutes under water. As I fell I could see the stone bridge support forty feet in front of me. I took a deep breath before I hit and shot below the surface about six feet and swam under water until I hit smack dab into that bridge support. I needed air bad. You can't see anything under that river water, so I felt my way around the support until I knew I was on the other side of the bridge. The water was cold. When I came up it took all the self-control I had not to make noise. A few seconds later I heard two big splashes."
	"What happened?"
	"Good ol' Christian Archer and Donny Dombrato dove in to save me."
	"No kidding? I always thought those guys were decent."
	"Christian and I became friends at running camp this summer. I felt bad, but I wasn't going to blow this opportunity."
	"So you want the Glass City team to think you’re dead and everybody else to think you ran away."
	"That's right. I’ll make a late appearance at the starting line on Saturday. Coach Silvers and the Riders will think the prodigal son has returned and the G-City boys will witness the resurrection."
	"And I'm supposed to keep my mouth shut the rest of the week."
	"You've got to help me do this. We could teach Remington Turner Ball III the lesson of his life."
	"Yeah but . . . now I'm involved in a cover-up. I feel like Charles Colson after the Watergate break-in."
	Byron lowered his head and raised his hands attempting a Richard Nixon impersonation. "I'm am not a crook . . . just a misunderstood teenager."
	"What do I do if the police question me?"
	"Tell them you think I ran away. That will be the truth. If Coach Silvers asks you again, tell him you think I got mad at my mom. Tell him you believe I will show up Saturday. That will be the truth too. I did run away. But for more than one reason."
	I sat looking at my feet for a while. "Okay. I guess I'll go along with this."
	"You won't regret it."
	"I better not or I'll throw you off the bridge myself the next time we run across."
	"You and what professional wrestler? Andre the Giant?"
	"I'm not kidding. I will throw you off."
	"Did you hear that?"
	"Hear what?"
	"My stomach's growling."
	I listened. A loud burbling emitted from Byron's midsection. 
	"I'm really hungry. I've been eating out of dumpsters for two days."
	"I'll go down and round up a bag of groceries. Hopefully my mom's asleep in front of the television."
	"You're a good buddy. Do you mind if I help myself to some more of your clothes?"
	"Help yourself. But don't take my blue Led Zeppelin T-shirt. Tomorrow in class I hope to get up the nerve to ask Jo Ann Carney to the homecoming dance. I want to wear that shirt. She likes Stairway to Heaven."	
	Mom was sleeping on the couch in front of the television. She worked full-time as a secretary for the Valley Dairy a few blocks down the street. Usually she conked out about 10:30, woke up when Johnny Carson came on and looked in on me about midnight before she went to bed. We were the only ones at home now. My sister, Jenny, was a junior at Muskingum College, and my brother, Tom, lived in New York City where he worked as a musician. I checked the kitchen clock—11:15. Mom would probably sleep another half hour. I quietly filled a grocery bag with various items, a box of Cheerios, four apples, a bottle of dill pickles, a loaf of bread, peanut butter and jelly, bologna, four cans of Pepsi and some Pop Tarts. As I crept up the stairs, my thoughts swirled: What am I doing? This is crazy. But good ol' Byron is back. We are going to get in trouble. This could be a blast. Wait till Saturday. What will Coach Silvers say? With Byron back we've got a chance to win the O.V. A.C. Byron's mom must be ready to flip out by now. How can I not tell her? I made a promise. A friend is true to his word.
	When I entered the bedroom Byron sensed my apprehension. "Whatsamatter old buddy, old pal? You look like you just saw a ghost."
	"I don't know about this, Byron."
	"Trust me. I know what I'm doing."
	"There’re a lot of people worried about you."
	"On Saturday, all will be forgiven. Think about it. I could be dead right now. Mom, Coach Silvers, and the boys will be happy when they see me. Even Turdball, after he recovers from the shock, will feel better that I'm alive. He won't have to go to jail."
	"I don't know."
	"Will, for once in your life do something outrageous. You never take any chances. You never go for it. If we get into trouble, we get into trouble. So what? I've been in trouble before."
	Already I could feel my stomach turning. I handed him the bag of groceries and nodded. "I don't feel right about this, but I’ll do it for you."
	"You won't regret it."
	"Where’re you staying?"
	"I'm haunting an abandoned house on Wheeling Island. There are a bunch of houses over there no one lives in anymore. I like the one a block down from the suspension bridge. It's huge."
	"That's got to be creepy."
	"Oh, It's quite frightening. I go in and out only at night, like a vampire."
	"Figures. After Sunday's fall from the bridge you have become one of the living dead."
	"Exactly.”
	"Do you want to stay here?"
	"No. Too risky. Your mom would find out. I'll take my chances. Besides, I've got a nice set up over there. Transistor radio. Lot's of old books lying around. A decent mattress on the floor and a splendid backyard view of the Ohio River. What more could I ask for? Two years ago I stayed there for a week, and nobody had any idea. It's a place where a man can do a lot of thinking."
	"It's not my idea of an exotic get-a-way."
	"I want you to stop over Thursday night and check it out."
	"What?"
	"I need my Thursday night carbo-loading meal. I want you to stop over and bring me some pasta about nine o' clock."
	"Mom usually cooks me spaghetti on Thursday to get me ready for the race on Saturday. I guess I could tell her I'm extra hungry."
	"Good plan. Heat it up before you bring it over. Park a block away and sneak around the back of the house when no one is looking. I'll meet you at the kitchen door."
	"It's the big brown house a block after the bridge. Right?"
	"Right. The bushes and trees are overgrown and the grass is about two feet high. Be careful you don't step on any rats."
	"Rats?"
	"Yeah, but they won't hassle you if you don't hassle them."
	"Great. Now I’ve got to worry about rats."
	"I can't wait to give you the grand tour. You’ll be impressed. Three stories, a basement that looks like a dungeon and a very scary attic."
	"Sounds enchanting. Should I bring a skull and a candle for a séance?"
	"No. Just bring the spaghetti."
	A bad vibe kept twanging in the back of my mind like an out-of-tune string on an acoustic guitar. "Maybe this ain’t such a good idea, Byron. Shouldn’t you think this through more?"
	"Come on ya wimp. Don’t lose your nerve. We’ll have a lovely time. Now I've got to get going. It's a three-mile job back to my mansion. Is it still raining?"
	Looking out the window, I could see the rain had stopped. "No. It's just gloomy and dark, kind of foggy.”
	"Excellent. Perfect conditions for the living dead to take a midnight stroll. Maybe I'll meet up with a good looking ghoul."
	"If you do, see if she has a ghoul friend. Chances are Jo Ann Carney will turn me down tomorrow. I'll end up taking some hag to the homecoming dance."
	"Confidence my friend. Confidence. Dazzle her with your daring and tantalize her with your talent."
	"Right."
	I heaved the window open and Byron crawled onto the porch roof. After he climbed down the trellis, I dropped the groceries and clothes to him.
	"See ya Thursday," he said before disappearing into the fog.



Thursday after cross country practice I headed straight home.  Mom rushed into the kitchen with a copy of the Daily Times. Across the front page in bold type were the words: TEEN TRACK STAR MISSING Below the headline was a color photo of Byron holding a plaque he had won at the Glass City Relays last spring. The tension that had lifted over the last few days pounced on me again like a cat playing with a wounded sparrow. My throat tightened and my stomach burned as I read the article. The police had informed the reporter that Byron had run away three times before. They believed his history established a predictable pattern and hoped he would return unharmed. However, they would not take anything for granted and appealed to the public for information about the missing eighteen-year old. The article ended stating that Byron Butler was the defending individual champion at this Saturday’s Ohio Valley Cross Country Championship.
	When I put the paper down, my mom said, “I hope they’re right.”
	“He’ll be back, Mom.”
	“Do you know that for sure, William?”
	“Yes.”
	She leaned on the kitchen table and her eyes burned into me. “Do you have information that you should be sharing with the authorities?”
	“I didn’t say I had information.”
	“You said you knew for sure that he would be back.”
	“That’s all I’m saying.”
	“William, if you know something, you could get in trouble for not telling. It’s called complicity. A lot of people are concerned about Byron. The police are investing man-hours trying to find him. An investigation has started, and people are being questioned.”
	“Even if I did know, I wouldn’t rat on my best friend.”
	“You need to seriously consider all of the consequences, young man. This isn’t a game you can play with the lives of other people. This is serious.”
	“Mom, if you promised something to someone on your word of honor, would you break that promise? Would you betray your best friend?”
	“I . . . I . . .”
	“I know you wouldn’t. You always keep your word. When I used to go to church with you, that’s one thing you always told me. A person is as good as his word.” 
	“This is different, Will.”
	“I don’t believe it is.”
	“Oh, I give up. I could talk till I’m blue in the face, and you wouldn’t listen. What do you want for supper?” she said as she spun away and threw open the food cupboard. 
“This is spaghetti night Mom. Remember, the big race is in two days.”
“That’s right. I almost forgot.”
“And Mom.”
“What?”
“I’m really hungry tonight. Could you make twice as much as you usually do?”
She looked at me and shook her head. “What kind of sauce does Byron like?”
I shrugged my shoulders and extended my hands. “I really am hungry.”


That night about 8:15 I heated up the leftover spaghetti. I went into the living room and told my mother I was going over to Julie Stump’s house. 
With great doubt in her eyes she said, “Why would you go over to Julie Stump’s house?”
“I forgot to tell you. I asked Julie to the homecoming.”
“Really? And she agreed to go with you?”
“Of course, Mom. Julie and I are gonna figure out all the details tonight. I know I’m no Casa Nova, but some girls think I’m cute.” 
“You look just like your father when he was eighteen. He was irresistible.”
“Sometimes a few members of the opposite sex are strangely attracted to me. I can’t figure it out.”
“I don’t think any of your old suits fit you. We need to go out to the mall and do some shopping.”
“I’ve gotta get going, Mom. We can talk about it later.” I bent down and kissed her.
As I headed towards the kitchen I heard her say, “I like Julie. She’s a cute kid.”
“She’s alright,” I yelled back.
I dumped the spaghetti into a Tupperware bowl, clamped on the lid, grabbed the keys and the newspaper, and headed out the back door. Driving over to Julie’s, I hoped she didn’t expect me to stay long. I told Byron I would meet him at the back door of that old house at nine o’ clock. 
Guilt is an odd thing, like an invisible weight on your shoulders. As I sped along the back streets of the south side of town the weight grew heavier. I peered through the windshield watching the parked cars stream by on both sides. Swiveling my neck, I could not relieve the tension. It drained into my throat and sank into my stomach. I tried not to think about the things I said to my mother, and the things I would say to Julie. Thinking about them increased the stress that bore down upon me. I could not make friends with Guilt. I wanted to stop the car and throw him out, but Guilt knew I didn’t have the strength.
Julie answered the door with a big smile and invited me in. I tried not to appear anxious as I said hello to her mother and sat down on a flowered couch in the living room. Her mom, a stocky woman with gray-streaked-brown hair, offered to get us cookies and drinks, but I told her I was fine. Julie sat next to me, and I smelled her strong perfume, the kind my Aunt Ruby wears. I tried not to breath too deeply because it gave me a slight headache. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“What do you mean, what’s wrong?”
“You seem . . . flustered.”
“I’m fine . . . It’s just . . . uh, I’m thinking about a lot of things.”
“Oh. You have a lot on your mind.”
“Yes. With Byron missing and the big race coming up on Saturday and all.”
“Of course.”
“I can’t stay long.”
“Really?”
“I have some . . . other things to take care of tonight.”
“Other things?”
“Yes.”
“Will, you know you don’t have to take me to the homecoming dance if you don’t want to.”
“What are you talking about?”
“It’s not like you signed a contract or anything. If you don’t want to go with me, that’s fine. Don’t feel obligated. I know you have a crush on Jo Ann Carney,” she said, her voice unsteady as she looked at her hands.
Jo Ann Carney had turned me down two days ago. George Faulkner, the star receiver on the football team had asked her first. Oh Well. Julie was okay, I guess. “No. No. I want to go. We’ll go. Don’t say that.”
“It’s just you don’t seem like you want to be here.”
“I’m just . . . a little edgy tonight.”
She looked at me and smiled again. “Okay. If you say so.”
“Soooo . . . what restaurant would you like to go to before the dance?”
“Most of the kids on the cross country team are going to the Bella Via in Elm Grove.”
“Good. Good. Buenos. Italian food. My favorite.” I looked at my watch—8:48. “Okay. Sounds good to me. What time should I pick you up?”
“The dance starts at eight. We should probably leave by six. I could make the reservations for six-thirty.”
“Excellent. Next Saturday I will arrive promptly at six.” I looked at my watch again. “Well. I’ve gotta go. Things to do you know.”
“Will, we need to decide who we are gonna double with. My mom insists we go with another couple.”
“I figured we’d go with Byron and Sheila.”
“But Byron is missing.”
“Oh yeah. Right. I forgot. I mean . . . you’re right.”  I stood up. “If Byron is unavailable or whatever . . . we can go with Pete Flanagan and Winnie Phelps.”
“Or whatever?” Her eyes widened.
“You know. Still at large . . . still missing.”
“Do you think Byron might be dead?”
“No way. Byron isn’t dead.”
“Will, I heard he was dead. Sheila told me the Glass City cross country team attacked him last Sunday.”
“Don’t believe Glass City rumors. Sheila exaggerates things.”
“She said if Byron doesn’t come back soon, she’s gonna go to the dance with Chip Ingramson.”
“Figures. Another football stud. I guess three days of mourning is enough for a girl like Sheila. I hate to see something as trivial as the death of her boyfriend screw up her social life.”
“You said Byron isn’t dead.”
“He’s not. He’ll be back by Saturday. Look. I’ve gotta be somewhere at nine o’ clock. We’ll talk about this later.” I turned and walked to the front door.
“Why did you come here tonight?” 
“To figure out the homecoming details.”
“You could have just called me and in three minutes we could have made these decisions. I thought you came over to spend some time with me.”
I looked at my watch—8:52. “I’m sorry. I’ve gotta go. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
“Good bye,” she said harshly.


To walk the streets of Wheeling Island alone at night was not wise. In the mid and late 1800’s rich businessmen built large houses along its shores facing Wheeling, West Virginia. After many years and several major floods, the houses grew old and worn. The wealthy moved out. A few hard-working middle class families purchased some of the dilapidated mansions and reinvigorated them with new siding, shingles, and remodeled interiors. Profiteering landlords purchased a lot of the houses and rented them to welfare families and minimum-wage workers. Blue-collar families inhabited the houses along the interior streets. Most lived from pay to pay in these modest, two and three bedroom homes.
Trouble often brewed on the island: muggings, fights, arson fires, drug deals and shootings. The south end offered gambling to the region—The Wheeling Island Casino and Race Track. Before crime had escalated and the riffraff immigrated to the rundown neighborhoods, many people from the Ohio Valley patronized the drive-in theatre and the roller rink located near the dog track. As the gambling industry grew, the parking lot expanded, eliminating the drive-in theatre, and families felt increasingly apprehensive about sending their kids to the roller rink.
I pulled my candy-apple red, ’75 Pinto against the curb. The sign from the Luck of the Irish Pub across the street glowed through the smoky air pouring out of the open bar door. A monstrous willow tree leaned over the sidewalk dangling its leaves onto my car. Behind the tree I could see the hulking mass of a dark house, and the black river flowed beyond the edifice. When I stepped out of the car, the strands of leaves clung to me, slimy against my face and arms. I saw three men standing in front of the bar, silhouettes against the sign’s glow. They laughed, puffed cigarettes, cursed, and shared swigs from a bottle. Walking quickly, I hoped they didn’t notice me. The brown house, Byron’s hide-a-way, was a block north of where I had parked. I gripped the newspaper and Tupperware container of spaghetti tightly as I strode down the uneven sidewalk.
The building towered into the violet sky, five gables of varying sizes angling black against the stars. Standing in a pile of dead leaves, I inspected the street. I saw no one. Two over-grown hedges stood like sentinels before a grass-clogged path that led to the back. I thrust into the branches with my forearm and ducked my head pressing into the jabbing limbs. When I broke through into the yard, the scene darkened. I blinked, hoping my eyes would quickly adjust. To my left I heard a scurrying in the grass. Rats. Edging forward with baby steps, I noticed black holes spaced evenly along the base of the house. I figured they were basement-window coves. The foot-tall grass impeded my progress. A dead tree rose up at the back of the yard. As I stepped on some of its fallen branches, it teetered and creaked above me. At the rear of the house I glanced up and saw two more imposing gables, one facing the river and one north. A light breeze brought the smell of rotting fish, and I heard the lapping of water against the shore. The loud HoooooOuwwww of a barge blasted across the river like a prehistoric creature bellowing into the gloom.
I mounted the wide, wooden steps; the railing gave an inch or two as my hand pressed against it. Peering into the darkness, I tried to discern the outline of a back door. Should have brought a flashlight. Holding the newspaper and spaghetti in my left hand, I edged forward. Papers and leaves littered the porch. I peered into a large window but could see no light. All was black. I reached out and found a cold doorknob and turned. The kitchen door swung open with a slow creak. 
“Byron,” I whispered. “Byron. You in here?” I said a little louder. I could see the dark shape of a table in the middle of the room. The house smelled like soiled towels. I moved forward and placed the paper and spaghetti on the table. My eyes adjusted to the darkness as I pivoted to inspect the other side of the room. Before I could turn completely, two arms clamped around my chest. They pulled me tight, my back pressed against a sturdy body.
“Byron?” I knew immediately it couldn’t be Byron. The arms were large and muscular. 
I felt his breath on my ear as he spoke in a low, grating voice. “Don’t do anything stupid.”
In the murky shadows I saw a shape move and heard someone unwrapping something. My heart thudded in my chest and my knees weakened. The arms gripped me tighter forcing out air. A light scratching sound came from the darkness, and a small flame leapt from a match. A body materialized in the glow. The tall figure lit a candle on the table and pulled something out of his pocket. He was wearing a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and a black ski mask. With a flick of his hand, a blade sprang out. The candle’s light danced across the metal. 
“You say one word and I’ll cut your throat from ear to ear,” he growled.
“The hell you will,” I said.
“I warned you not to say a word.”
”Did you flunk basic math? That was four words.”
“Now you die.” He held the knife above his head, slashed down at an odd angle, and jammed it into the table. 
“You missed, you jackass.” 
“How’d you know it was me?” Byron said as he pulled off the ski mask.
“You’re wearing my T-shirt. Plus, I recognized the wart on your hand.”
Byron laughed. “You almost crapped your pants.”
“Let me go whoever the hell you are,” I said. The large arms released and I turned to see Christian Archer.
“Surprised to see me?” he asked.
“Does a dago eat spaghetti? Hell yes, I’m surprised to see you.”
“Hey,” A grin stretched across his face and he grabbed me by the collar. “My mom’s a dago.”
“Half of Glass City are dagos,” Byron said. “That doesn’t mean you get any of my spaghetti.”
“I’ll forgive you this time,” Christian said as he smoothed my shirt.
“You brought the evening paper,” Byron said. “I hear I’m front page news.” He spread the paper out on the table and placed the candle next to his picture. “Perfect.”
“Look at that ugly mug,” Christian said. “I’ve seen baboons that are better looking than you.”
“That’s because you go out with orangutans. There’re a thousand women around the Ohio Valley who have already cut this picture out and are now having impure thoughts.”
“Someone tell me what’s going on here,” I demanded.
“I couldn’t let Christian suffer anymore. Figured he was loosing sleep at night thinking about me. I called him earlier in the week  and told him I was back from the dead.” 
“That was the first time I ever got a collect call from the netherworld,” Christian said. “Byron and me became amigos this summer at Camp Fitch.”
“’Course my big buddy here was overjoyed to know I was still alive and kickin’, but he really got excited when I told him about the plan.”
“The Mother of all Paybacks?” I said.
“That’s right. I call it the Get Remmy plan.”
“I’m first in line when it comes to teaching Turdball a lesson,” Christian said.
“I have a feeling that you have assigned me a part in this plan,” I said.
“A small part. I’ll tell you later,” Byron said.
Christian slugged my shoulder. “You should have been on the bridge that day, Will. That Remmy is a bona fide son of a bitch.”
“You’re right. I should have been there. Did Byron really kick the crap out of him?”
“Oh, it was a sight to see.” With great theatrics, Christian told the story from the beginning. He especially embellished his plunge into the river to save Byron. After every few sentences Byron would interject his observations, and the tale expanded like a Renaissance mural depicting the epic conflicts of Greek heroes battling monsters and nature. I admired the artistry, envisioned the scenes and enjoyed their melodramatics. By the time they finished, we were breathing hard and coughing from laughing so much.
“We better get quiet before someone hears us,” Byron said.
“Boys, I hate to break up the party, but my parents are probably wondering where the hell I went,” Christian said. “I get a phone call, raid the refrigerator, and then disappear. They’ll ask too many questions if I get back late.”
“I appreciate the cheese and bread, Christian. Thanks to you and Will, tonight I feast.”
“My pleasure, amigo.”
“So everything’s alright by you for Saturday then?” Byron asked.
“I may be nominated for an academy award after Saturday. Just one thing. You two punks have never seen me or talked to me. Word of honor,” Christian said as he extended his big hand, palm up, before us. Byron placed his hand on top and said, “Word of honor.” 
They looked at me. I took a deep breath and put my hand over Byron’s. “My lips are sealed. Word of honor.”
Christian took his other hand and made a sandwich of our hands. “May this Union of Rivals bring Remington Turner Ball III to his knees.”
“May the Turdball drop,” Byron said.
“To the Alliance of the Savages and the Pale Riders,” I said. “Blood and Death.”
Christian lifted our hands high. “The Blood and Death Avengers.” Then he swooshed them downward. “I’ll see you boys on Saturday morning.”
“Wait,” Byron said. He turned and grabbed two objects on the table. “Don’t forget your ski mask and knife.”
“Ah yes, my props. They added just the right touch to this evening’s production. Didn’t they?” 
“Certainly,” I said. “There’s nothing like extreme traumatic stress to get the heart pumping.”
Christian laughed. “Glad we could accommodate you.” He slapped me on the back and then reached out and squeezed Byron’s face. “I want to make sure you’re not a ghost.” Byron’s features were like putty in his hand.
“Ouch!” Byron yelped. “Don’t handle the merchandise you big baboon,” 
Christian let go. “Guys like me don’t grow on trees.” 
Byron shifted his jaw. “No. You swing from them.”
Christian smiled. “You are for real, amigo. I’ll sleep better tonight knowing you’re alive.” He walked out the door and into the darkness.
“He’s a great guy,” Byron said.
I nodded. “To bad he ain’t a Pale Rider.”
“If any Savages make it into heaven, Christian will be one of them.”
“But if his classmates find out about this, he might get there sooner than expected. They’ll hang him from the nearest goal post.”
Byron put his hand on his neck and twisted his head. “Enough talk about unpleasant possibilities. I’m hungry.” He popped open the Tupperware container, pulled out a long mass of spaghetti with his fingers, tilted his head and lowered it into his mouth like a crane operator. Licking his fingers, he nodded with satisfaction.
“You’re gross,” I said.
“You didn’t bring me a fork,” he garbled.
In less than three minutes he consumed the spaghetti. “That was good. Tell your mom her spaghetti is magnifique, but don’t tell her I said so.”
“She knows I’m up to something. She asked me what kind of spaghetti sauce you liked.”
“Did you tell her Ragu?”
“I told her I was going to Julie Stump’s house. Julie is my date for the homecoming.”
“What happened with Jo Ann?”
“I was five seconds too late. George Faulkner interrupted me and asked her before I could get the words out.”
“You are a pathetic schlep.”
“I know. George is taking Maria and I get Pilar.”
“Who?”
“Never mind.”
Byron clasped his hands around my face, shook his head and said, “I got just the thing for you.”
“You’ve done enough already. One heart attack a night is my limit. And dammit! You just got spaghetti sauce all over my face.”
He took his hands away and touched his forefinger to my nose. “I found something that’ll make you forget all your troubles.” 
“What are you talking about?”
“Up in the attic. You won’t believe it. Follow me.”


I grabbed the Tupperware container, and Byron picked up the candle and led me to the far corner of the kitchen where steps ascended to the second floor. The candle’s light lapped against the cobwebbed walls animating the shadows. We rose with the creaking of the steps, the twirl of dust motes sifting through the glow.
	At the top we stepped into the middle of a long hallway. I could discern doors spaced along the walls as the corridor faded to black. The dank air gagged me.
	“My bedroom’s on the end.” Byron pointed. Squinting, I tried to see the end of the hall, but the flame wavered, and the shadows leapt towards us. “The attic’s this way,” he said as he headed in the opposite direction.
	As we advanced I noticed another set of steps to my right leading down to the front of the house. Above them the carriage of the attic steps slanted upwards, and the railing appeared at the ceiling and progressed in the descending rhythm of the balusters. Byron reached out and grabbed a large, wooden knob on top of the post at the bottom where the banister connected. The knob came off and he handed it to me. “Look,” he said. “Just like in It’s a Wonderful Life.” 
I positioned the knob back into the slot on the post. “Are you Clarence the angel or George Bailey?”
	“If I’m Clarence, I certainly don’t have my wings yet.”
	I held onto the banister as we mounted the steeper attic steps. “I watch that movie every Christmas,” I said.
	“So do I.”
	That’s funny, I thought. Two boys who live alone at home with their mothers, watching a sappy, family movie.
	“Do you remember the name of the book Clarence carried with him?” I asked.
	Byron thought for a second and then said, “The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?”
	“Hotdog,” I said. 
He turned and smiled. 
I felt a little embarrassed over my sentimentality guessed Byron did too. Our home lives couldn’t compare with the Baileys.
	The attic was large. Around the perimeter of the room the walls slanted at sharp angles to the ceiling. We moved to the middle, and I peered up. I could touch the ceiling with the tip of my finger. In front of me the flame reflected on a small window. Dust-covered items surrounded us: an old four-post bed with a dilapidated mattress half-slid off, a roll-top desk with the cover bashed in, an empty book shelf and an open cabinet with a few wire hangers dangling on a rod. Dresses, shirts and coats where strewn here and there along with cans and papers. I turned and saw another door on the opposite wall.
	“Where does that go?” I said.
	“That’s where I found the treasure.”
	“Treasure?”
	“Follow me.”
	Byron approached the door, and it squealed when he opened it. We entered a small room, the size of a large walk-in closet. It was empty except for a dresser against the left wall.
	“Hold this,” Byron said. I took the candle and placed the Tupperware container on the floor.
	He grabbed the top of the dresser and slid it out scooting one side at a time. Once he moved the dresser three feet from the wall, he pulled the left side around and shoved it against the other wall. When he stepped out of the way I could see a rectangular wooden cover about three feet high and two feet wide. Byron knelt down and slid his fingers behind the cover easing it out from the wall. He placed the cover to the side and stood. I knelt and felt cool air emit from the hole.
	“What’s in there?” I asked as I extended the candle into the darkness. I could see the faint outline of trusses and rafters in the shadows.
	“Move over.” He knelt next to me and stuck his head into the blackness. I held the candle above him. Crawling farther into the hole, he extended his body until only his ankles could be seen. He backed out and dipped his head to extract himself. Turning towards me, he lifted a wooden box about the size of a toaster to the candle. The whorl of the wood grain flowed under its varnished surface.
	“Is it money?” I said with wide eyes.
	“No.”
	“Jewels.”
	“No.”
	“Gold . . . silver?”
	“No.”
	Byron placed the box on the floor and carefully lifted the lid. I lowered the candle and looked. Focusing, I moved closer and read the words illuminated by the flame: “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain.” I looked at Byron. “Just a book?”
	“That’s not all.”
	He pulled the book out and I looked again. “The Scarlet Letter by Nathaniel Hawthorne. “Very nice, Clarence, but I’ve already read both of them,” I said.
	“This one’s for you. I just finished it today.” He handed me The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. It was green with the title and illustration gilded in bright gold.
	“This is one of my favorite all-time books, but I’ve got a copy of it at home.”
	“Not so fast, Shakespeare. You told me you want to be a writer someday. Open it to the first page.”
	I noticed the book looked like it had never been read, rarely opened. I let the pages fall until the first page appeared. The handwriting was faded, but I could still read it: May the adventures of your youth become the tall tales of your old age, and it was signed, Samuel L. Clemons.
	“Whoa, Byron. This is an original, first edition signed by Mark Twain himself. It’s in mint condition.”
	Byron smiled. Just then the bells from the old church a block down the street chimed. A gust of wind came through the rafters and blew through the opening. The first page rustled as the book trembled in my hand.
“Look at this.” He opened The Scarlet Letter and showed me Nathaniel Hawthorne’s signature.
	“This is incredible. That book is 130 years old.”
“I know. Do you think it might be worth anything?”
	“Let me see it.” I held both books in my hands. I imagined the two authors signing them. Hawthorne, his dark piercing eyes and wide, brown mustache, balding forehead and hair that billowed over his ears, quickly ran the pen across the page as if embarrassed by the request. Mark Twain, standing with a wide smile and a gleam in his eyes, the uncontrollable gray hair and thick white mustache, shook his head and quickly wrote out the words. I sensed the presence of two giants of American Literature. Feeling a vein pulsing in my neck, I took a deep breath. I wanted their spirits to bless me. “These books are priceless,” I said.
	“Really?”
	“Maybe not priceless. They’ve got to be worth a lot of money.”
	“I told you I could make you forget your troubles. Huckleberry Finn is yours. I’m keeping The Scarlet Letter. It’s older.”
	I wanted to hug Byron, but I just said “Thanks!” I handed Hawthorne’s book to him. “I wonder why someone left them behind?”
	“I figured it was a book lover. After getting the autographs he made this beautiful box and placed the books in it to preserve them. The box is airtight. Maybe he was worried someone would steal them so he hid the box in the rafters. It’s dry up here and no one would bother them. Eventually he got old and senile and forgot all about them.”
	“Do you think it’s right for us to take them?”
	“Hell yes,” Byron said. “The city will tear this house down in a few years. It’s free pickins. You and I are preserving history. Twain and Hawthorne would be proud of us.”
	“I believe you’re right.”
	I held my watch in the candle’s glow. “It’s nine thirty. I better get going before Mom calls Julie Stump’s house.”
	“I want to show you my bedroom before you leave.”
Byron led me down the stairs and through the dark hallway. I clutched the old book rubbing my thumb against the gilded cover. When we entered his bedroom, the first thing I noticed was the wide bay window offering a panorama of the city of Wheeling. The lights sparkled against the black hillside and shimmered on the river. To the left the suspension bridge hung over the water, foreshortening as it stretched to the opposite shore. Several cars moved slowly across the arching span lit with hundreds of lights along its cables. Above the hillside the stars beamed like diamonds on a black-velvet sheet.
“Wow,” I said. “I can see why you chose this room.”
“Wheeling’s not much in the daylight, but at night she’s a beautiful lady.”
“I bet she keeps you company.”
“That’s right. She visits every night. Just my thoughts and my mistress. She wears a black dress with a thousand jewels.”
“Have you thought much about Sheila since Sunday?”
“Not much.”
“Good.”
“Why?”
“She said if you’re dead, she’s gonna go to the homecoming dance with Chip Ingramsen.”
Byron laughed. 
“That doesn’t make you mad?” I asked.
“Hell no. I’m not in love with Sheila. I’ve never been in love. Have you?”
“Sometimes I feel like I am.”
“With Jo Ann?”
“Yeah. I guess it’s just infatuation.”
“I don’t know if I can love someone.”
“What do you mean?”
Byron looked at the floor and then at me. His eyes were sad, like his mother’s. He shook his head. “I never felt it inside. I like girls and making out, but real love, I don’t know what it is.”
“Not too many people do,” I said.
“I guess my mom loves me. Sometimes I wonder. I wish . . . I wish . . . my father loved me.”
I wanted to say, “I love you, Byron, like a brother,” but I knew that would sound silly. Best friends never say that kind of thing, especially teenage boys. Instead I stood looking out the window and picked out the brightest star. It was on Orion’s belt. As it twinkled, an aching rose up in my chest. My throat tightened, and I swallowed. Without Byron noticing I brushed a tear from the corner of my eye. In the constellation I saw my father’s face. 
“I’ve got to be on my way,” I said.
We walked downstairs to the kitchen
Byron put his hands on my shoulders. Before you go, I need to give you your assignment for Saturday.”
“Assignment? Oh yeah, I almost forgot. The GET REMMY plan. All right, what do I gotta do?” 
“Tomorrow after practice go into the storage room and unlock the window.”
“And . . .”
“That’s it.”
“That’s it?”
“That’s it.”



On Saturday morning I woke up at six o’clock. I didn’t sleep well, but the anticipation of the day energized me. The Ohio Valley Athletic Conference Cross Country Championship would be decided today. My mom prepared my favorite race-day breakfast—L’Eggo waffles with sliced bananas and plenty of syrup. I never drank milk on race day. It bothered my stomach. Instead, I sipped a large cup of hot tea with honey. 
Mom was in a good mood. She and Freddy Dobb’s mother would ride to the meet together. His father worked on Saturdays. Brook High School in Wellsburg, West Virginia hosted the competition this year. It was a forty-five-minute drive. Our bus would leave the high school at seven-thirty, and the first race, the girl’s team race, would begin at ten.
“How do you feel this morning, Will?” Mom asked
 “Good.”
“Is everyone excited?	
“Oh yeah. We’re pumped.”
“What about Byron?”
“He’ll be there. Don’t worry.”
“But they haven’t found him yet.”
“Yeah, but he knows where he is.”
“Have you seen my red Tupperware container?”
Uh-oh! Where is it? I left it in the attic of Byron’s hide-a-way. I didn’t want to lie to my mother. “I did see it somewhere. I’ll look around.” I said.
“How did Byron like my spaghetti?”
I had to think fast. “You know Byron loves your spaghetti, Mom. He’s eaten it quite often at our house.” I stood quickly and took my dish to the sink. “I’ve gotta check on my stuff. I don’t want to forget anything,” I said and hurried up the steps. I didn’t want to talk anymore about Byron.
In my room I checked my bag to make sure I had packed my extra clothes and spikes. Then I lay on my bed and listened to an Eagles album until seven o’clock. The lyrics and the music floated above me, unnoticed, until Desperado played. After I shut off the stereo the words kept repeating in my mind. Desperado, why don’t you come to your senses? You’ve been out ridin’ fences for so long.  I sang it softly as I carried my equipment bag down to the kitchen. Mom was finishing up the breakfast dishes. 
“Gotta go Mom. See ya at the meet.” I gave her a big kiss.
“Do your best, honey,” she said. “Tell Byron I said good luck.”
I smiled. “I will.”  You can’t fool moms.
I headed out the door into the crisp morning air. The school was only three blocks away. The tips of the gables of the houses facing east caught the rays of the rising sun. Like candles they blazed in contrast to the lower portions whose colors were drained by the shadow. The sky spanned the Appalachian foothills like a bright-blue bowl. I loved crisp, clear mornings on meet days. My airways could easily suck down the oxygen I needed during the race. I took a deep breath and looked up. My lungs felt good.
When I arrived at the Vocational Building I saw most of the boys sitting on the steps leading down to the front entrance. Julie Stump, Dana Seavers and Emily Zapp stood by the telephone pole near the street. They were talking and giggling. Emily saw me and said, “Hi Will,” and they giggled again.
“Hi ladies,” I said. “Something funny?”
“Come here,” Julie Stump said.
“What’s up?”
“Does Freddy Dobbs have a date for the homecoming?” Julie whispered.
“Want me to check?”
“Shhhhhhhhhh!” The girls giggled again.
“Dana doesn’t have a date yet,” Emily said. “She thinks Freddy’s cute.”
“Freddy Dobbs? I’ve never heard Freddy described that way before. Give me a couple of minutes and I’ll get back with you.”
Dana Seavers was a tall, thin girl with long, brown hair, braces and wire-rimmed glasses, which always slid down her nose. She had a habit of peering over her glasses when she looked at you. The best runner on the girls’ team, she worked hard and could keep up with our freshmen boys. She rarely talked. 
Freddy Dobbs, not quite the ladies’ man, had a large nose, thick brown eyebrows and bad acne. This could be an interesting match up. To my knowledge, Freddy had never been on a date.
I walked down the five steps cutting between Freddy and Moses. Turning, I faced the boys. “Today’s the big day,” I said.
“Damn straight,” Freddy said.
“The good Laud be wid us,” Moses said.
The rest of the guys nodded and grunted.
“Freddy, today could be a special day for you,” I said.
“I’m gonna kick ass,” Freddy said.
“Savage ass,” Rusty Jenkins said.
I nodded my head. “That’s the spirit, boys.”
“What about Byron?” Freddy asked.
“Don’t worry about Byron. I have something more important to talk about.”
“Like what?” Freddy asked.
“Believe me,” I said. “It could have an impact on future generations of the Dobbs’ family.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Freddy said.
“Freddy, some people believe the age of miracles has passed us by, but lo and behold, I have just witnessed a God-honest miracle.”
“Enough of the drama, Shakespeare. Out with it,” Freddy said.
“A young lady who attends Knightstown High School actually thinks you’re cute.”
“No foolin’?” Pete Flanagan said. “What’s her name? Helen Keller?”
Freddy backhanded Pete in the chest and the boys laughed. “You jerk-offs can’t appreciate my ruggedly-handsome features,” Freddy said. 
“Yeah. You look like Granite Man,” Rusty Jenkins said.
“Who is she, Will? Who is she?” Freddy asked.
She is not only a Pale Rider, but she is also a talented distance runner and member of our fledgling gals cross country team,” I said.
“It’s gotta be Dana Seavers!” Pete shouted.
From fifteen feet away Julie and Emily giggled, and Dana blushed.
Freddy’s pimpled face turned even redder.
“I’m an emissary, Freddy,” I said quietly. “My mission is to discover your date status for the homecoming dance. Are you available?”
With a wide smile Freddy whispered, “Hell yeah.”
“Would you be interested?”
“Hell yeah,” Freddy said, and Moses slapped him five.
“Give me a couple of minutes and I will get back with you.” 
As I mounted the steps cutting in between Moses and Freddy, the bus pulled up, and the girls stepped away from the curb. Displaying a ‘thumbs up’ sign, I nodded to them.
“What did he say?” Julie asked.
“He said he would be honored and delighted to escort such a striking young beauty as Dana Seavers to the dance.”
Julie and Emily reached out and grabbed Dana’s hands and shook them with glee.
Dana bent down and mumbled something in Julie’s ear.
“Dana says she’ll go with him, but he’s got to properly ask her,” Julie said.
“No problem. I will inform Freddy of this necessary formality. Would it be alright if Freddy sat next to Dana on the bus?”
The girls looked at her and she shook her head yes.
Just then the door to the Vocational Building opened, and Coach Powers walked out carrying a clipboard and the medical box. Behind her, Coach Silvers stood in the doorway.
“Okay, boys. Let’s get the equipment on the bus,” Coach Silvers said.
On the way through the door I put my hand on Freddy’s back and said, “You lucky dog. I have reserved a seat for you next to Dana Seavers.”
“Really?” Freddy said.
“You can thank me later. Remember, she is a young lady. Don’t cuss, belch or pass gas. Most importantly, you need to respectfully ask her to be your date for the dance.”
“Okay, Will. Okay. What should I say?”
“Say something like, ‘Miss Seavers, would you grant me the honor of being my date for the homecoming dance?’”
“Miss Seavers, would you do my honor of becoming the date for my homecoming dance? Does that sound good?” Freddy asked excitedly.
“Close enough.” 
We kept our equipment in the coffin-shaped box. Most other teams used large plastic trash cans. Our top seven varsity runners always carried the coffin to the bus, three on each side and Byron in front. It had become a tradition. Without Byron, the six of us would handle it. When I entered the storage room I saw some black strips of cloth on top of the coffin lid. I picked them up and stuck them in my jacket pocket.
“What the hell are those for?” Pete asked.
“I don’t know. They were just lying here,” I said. We surrounded the pine box and grabbed the handles.
“Laudy be,” Moses said. “This thang’s sho’s heavy today.” Moses was lanky, six-feet-two-inches tall with a large Afro that almost brushed the top of the doorway. He had reddish-brown skin and deep-set-green eyes—a handsome black kid. 
“Without Byron each of us has more weight to carry,” Freddy said.
“You sure the Glass City boys didn’t kill Byron?” Pete asked.
“Fat chance of that,” Rusty said. “Right, Will?”
“Right,” I said. “Byron is alive and well.”
After we heaved the coffin into the back of the bus, we turned and saw Coach Silvers standing in the doorway. “Hey!” he said. “The tent, the poles and the flags are stacked up in the corner of the storage room. You guys forgot to put them in the coffin. Get in here and get them. Hurry up. I don’t want to be late!”
We looked at each other and then at the coffin. My eyes grew big. I put my finger to my lips. “Shhhhhhh! Don’t say a word.” I reached out and knocked twice on the side of the coffin. Two knocks responded. Moses jumped.
	“Who dat?” Moses said.
“Not a word,” I said. The five boys nodded.
When we entered the storage room, Coach Silvers said, “William, I want to talk to you. The rest of you boys carry the stuff out.”
As my teammates toted the equipment, I noticed someone had locked the window I had unlocked yesterday, and I saw my mom’s Tupperware container sitting on the window ledge. I looked at Coach Silvers and said, “Is everything all right, Coach?”
“I haven’t slept for three nights, William. I thought Byron would have come back by now. I’m worried something bad happened. Did you hear the rumor about the Glass City boys?”
“Yeah. It’s not true. No one killed Byron.”
Coach Silvers raised his finger to my face and it trembled. “I need to know, William. Just say ‘yes’ or ‘no.’ Do you know for a fact that Byron’s alright?” His face was pale, and bags had formed under his eyes.
I looked at my feet. Shame washed over me. My stomach twisted into a knot. “Yes,” I said. “I know it for a fact.”
“When is he going to show up?”
“I don’t know for sure, Coach. Honest.”
He put his hand to his chin and rubbed. Nodding, he said, “Okay, William. Get in the bus.” 
The boys had cleared out all of the equipment. However, Guilt climbed up onto my shoulders and I carried him to the bus. With each step he got heavier.
On the trip up the river along Howells Highway, everyone stretched out on the seats except for Freddy and Dana. They sat next to each other in the last seat. I lay down on the seat in front of them and looked at the ceiling. About halfway there, Freddy asked her to go to the dance. Dana must have nodded. I couldn’t hear any words. That’s all they said. Once I looked up and saw Moses’ Afro above the seats. He was staring towards the back of the bus. I wondered why. Then I remembered. He must have been looking at the coffin.
Cross country meets resembled carnivals. Every school brought their own tent and erected it in Tent City, the area designated by the officials to set up camp. Once the tents were up, a variety of colors checkered the landscape. Milling around in their uniforms, the runners added more splashes of color to the scene—reds, yellows, blues, oranges, greens and purples. Phil Jenkins, Rusty’s grandfather, had constructed a flag holder and banner support out of PVC pipe. With great pride we would assemble the pipes in front of our tent and position the flags and banner. Here we would establish our home base for the meet. The tent provided shelter from the rain or shade from the hot sun. 
The Runners spent most of the day socializing under the tent. There were usually six to eight races, separate ones for boys and girls in junior high, high school reserve and high school varsity. The bigger meets were broken into divisions—large schools and small schools. On some Saturdays our team would arrive at the course at eight o’clock in the morning and not leave until three or four in the afternoon. Teams got to know each other. Finding four or five opponents congregating under your team’s tent was normal. Almost everyone made friendly visits. There were exceptions. Knightstown and Glass City kids rarely mixed. Our colors repelled each other.
When the bus stopped, Coach Silvers stood up and gave us our instructions for the day. He talked about the importance of maintaining the right attitude, when we should warm up, and how we should conduct ourselves at the starting line. After he finished, Coach Powers, our new assistant coach. asked if she could say something. Coach Silvers nodded.
Coach Powers, a former college runner, was thin and pretty but muscular. Most of the guys had a crush on her at the beginning of the season, but that passed when we discovered how tough she was on us during workouts. She stood at the front of the bus holding her clipboard. With her other hand she brushed back her blonde hair and appraised us with intense blue eyes. “Listen up, ladies,” she said as she looked to where the girls sat. “You three gals are the first to ever run the O.V.A.C. Cross Country Championship for the Pale Riders. It has not been easy. I have pushed you to the limit.  All the others have quit. I want you to run with pride. Pride overcomes pain. Think of all you’ve gone through to get to this day and be strong.” 
She glanced around the bus. “Now a few words for the boys. Remember all of those extra intervals you have done. We called them the Intervals for Kings. Remember the pain you suffered during those extra laps. You were already exhausted. Your legs were dead. We wanted you to learn that champions must pay a higher price. You have paid the price in practice. Determine right now that you will do it in the race. Today is the day to claim the throne. The Kingdom is on the line.”
After she sat down, Coach Silvers ordered Pete and me to organize the camp while he and Coach Powers went to the coaches meeting. I told the reserve runners to get off the bus and come around to the back.  The equipment was stacked on top of the coffin. Pete opened the back door, and we handed the tent, flags, banner and poles down to the younger runners. I pointed to an open spot where the other teams were erecting their tents. “Grab that spot over there boys,” I said. “The one next to the red tent.”
“But that’s Glass City’s tent,” Pete said.
“That’s exactly where we want to be,” I said and jumped out of the back door. Moses and Freddy followed. I reached up and put my hand on the lid. “Handle this coffin with care guys. It holds the Key to the Kingdom.” 
We slid it three-quarters of the way out and waited for Pete, Rusty and Todd the Bod to jump down and join us. We lifted it and set it on the ground. 
“Wait a minute,” I said. I reached into my pocket and pulled out the black strips of cloth. “Now I know what these are for. Help each other tie this around your right bicep.”
“What the hell for?” Pete said. 
I looked down at the coffin and raised my finger to my lips.
“Oh yeah. I get it—in memory of Byron,” Pete said. 
As we carried the coffin to where the freshmen were setting up the tent, I noticed Remmy Ball, Theodore Spore, Gomer Jones and Hershel Riggs standing next to the Glass City tent. We marched up, and they watched us. Remmy looked pale except for his left eye; it was still slightly purple. They stared at the black strips of cloth around our arms. I glared at Remmy, and he looked down. Riggs, Spore and Jones turned away. We placed the coffin in front of our camp facing the starting line.
After setting up the tent, we waited for the coaches to return with the packets. Ten minutes later Coach Powers and Coach Silvers walked across the field towards us. I could see Coach Silvers peering into the shadows of our tent as he neared. He’s looking for Byron, I thought. He opened the packet, pulled out the numbers and pins, and called out names. Each number had the runner’s name and team information printed on a detachable slip. The last name he called was Byron’s. 
“I guess he’s not here,” Coach Silvers said.
“I’ll take Byron’s number,” I said.
“Do you want his pins too?”
“Yes.”
“Do you know where he is?”
I shrugged my shoulders. “I haven’t seen him yet.”
Coach Silvers handed the pins and number to me. Byron’s number was 721. I opened the safety pins and clipped them into the four holes on the number. When no one was looking I opened the coffin lid an inch or two and slid the number inside. Just then the Glass City coach, Coach Fettling, came over to talk to Coach Silvers. He was a large man, about thirty-five-years old, with a sharply bridged nose. Despite our rivalry, he and Coach Silvers were good friends. I listened to their conversation.
“How’s it going, Coach?” Fettling asked.
“Not so good,” said the Silver Knight.
“Still no word about Butler.”
“No.”
“Sorry to hear that.”
“Have your boys mentioned anything about Byron?”
“No. Nothing. Why’s that?”
“Oh, you know, sometimes kids spread rumors.”
“We’re having a team meeting in a few minutes. I’ll ask them.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh, by the way,” Fettling said. “I was going to ask the starter to announce that there will be a few moments of silence before the boys race. You know, with Byron still missing and all.  Do you mind?”
“No. That’s nice of you. Thanks.”
Coach Fettling held out his hand. “Good luck. I’ll let you know if my boys heard anything.”
Coach Silvers shook his hand. “Thanks. Good luck.”
Coach Fettling walked back to his tent and the Glass City runners gathered around him.
“Okay boys. Get out there and walk the course. Make sure you know it well. Here’s the map,” Coach Silvers said. 
I took the map. “Let’s go, Riders.” I walked towards the starting line. The guys were excited. They knew something was up. I told them to keep their mouths shut and walk. The course was 3.1 miles —five kilometers. It circled the athletic fields, looped and backtracked to the first mile. At the mile-and-a-half mark the path entered the woods where the runners encountered a major hill. With three-quarters of a mile to go, the path exited the woods and rejoined the first path that circled the fields. It was here we ran into Glass City’s team walking in the opposite direction. 
“Hey! Savages!” Rusty Jenkins yelled.
I thought, what the hell is he gonna say?
All ten Savages stopped and glared at us. The Riders halted and faced them. I looked at Christian Archer, and he winked at me. Remmy and his goons stared at the ground.
“Do you guys know what happened to Byron Butler?” Rusty asked.
They shuffled their feet and looked at the grass, except for Archer who looked directly at us.
“Do you know, Archer?” Rusty said.
“Ask Remmy,” Christian replied.
Remmy stepped forward. He blinked several times and furrowed his forehead. “How the hell would I know?”
“Archer thinks you know,” I said.
“Archer don’t know nothing,” Remmy said.
“How’d you get that black eye?” Rusty asked.
Spore, Jones and Riggs stepped forward. 
“That’s my business,” Remmy said.
“You guys see these black arm bands?” I said.
“We see ‘em. So what?” Hershel Riggs said.
“We’re gonna win today for Byron,” I said.
“You haven’t beaten us all season. How the hell you gonna beat us without Butler?” Remmy said.
“That’s our business,” I said.
Donny Dombrato stepped forward. “That’s enough. Let’s go. We gotta walk the course.”
As the Glass City team walked toward the woods I yelled, “Hey Turdball!”
Remmy turned around.
“Just wanted to make sure you knew your name,” I said. 
He gave me the finger.
When we got back to the tent our three girls were stretching. Julie sat on the ground and reached for her toes as Coach Powers stood behind her and pushed her shoulders forward. Several girl teams had already assembled at the starting line. 
“Twenty minutes, ladies,” Coach Powers said. “Make sure you hit the port-a-johns if you need to.”
“Will, could you and Freddy meet us at the starting line?” Julie asked. “We need someone to take our warm-ups back to the tent.”
“Sure,” I said. “Glad to help.”
The girls walked across the field to the edge of the woods where the port-a-potties were located. Freddy and I drifted over to the starting line.
“How’s it going with Dana?” I asked.
“I think I’m in love.”
“She agreed to go to the dance with you?”
“Yeah. Now I just gotta learn how to dance.”
“No problem. I can teach you. Give me your right hand.”
“What?”
“Come on. It’ll be funny.”
Freddy looked at all the girls surrounding us.
“We’ll look like a couple of gay guys.”
“So what?”
I grasped Freddy’s hand and put my other hand on his waist. He put his free hand on my shoulder and we waltzed awkwardly around stepping on each other’s feet. The girls around us backed away and laughed. A couple of them clapped to give us a rhythm. After a minute of inept dancing we stopped and bowed to one another. The small group surrounding us applauded. 
Coach Powers stood among them, her hands on her hips. “What in the world are you two doing?”
“Coach Powers,” I said holding my hand to my chest. “I didn’t know you were watching us.” 
She laughed and shook her head. “I guess I need to keep my eye on you two dandy boys from now on,” she said as Emily, Dana and Julie arrived. They appeared nervous. I reached out and massaged Julie’s shoulders. 
She turned and smiled. “Were you two dancing?”
“Just a little waltzing,” I said with pursed lips, allowing my wrist to go limp. “Freddy needed some professional instruction.”
“Sometimes you surprise me, Will.”
“Sometimes I surprise myself.”
The girls did a few run-outs and more stretching.  “Okay, girls. Warm-ups off,” Coach Powers said.
Julie hugged me. I rubbed her back. “Good luck,” I said. 
The girls took their warm-ups off and gave them to Freddy and me. Dana leaned over and kissed Freddy on the lips. Wow, I thought. They’ve said three sentences to each other and they’re already kissing.
The starter blew his whistle and the girls toed the line. The gun blasted, and the crowd of runners sprinted across the field, the leaders creating a wedge as they headed for the first turn. After the turn they settled into their pace. The starter’s gun always knotted my stomach. Goofing around with Freddy helped take my mind off of the race, but the explosion snapped me back. I belched and stifled an upsurge of that morning’s waffles and syrup. They never taste good the second time around. 
Freddy and I walked back to the tent with the warm-ups. “You don’t waste any time, do you?” I said.
“I think I’m in love.”
“My prediction may come true.”
“What prediction?”
“This relationship with Dana could have an impact on future generations of the Dobbs’ family.”
Freddy smiled.

Our gals raced tremendously. Dana finished seventh garnering All-O.V.A.C. honors. Julie and Emily finished thirty-first and thirty-fifth. That’s pretty good out of a hundred and ten runners. Too bad they didn’t have a full team. A cross country team consists of five to seven runners. You need at least five to score in the team standings. Without five you must race individually. Coach Powers had trained them well for their first O.V.A.C. I was impressed.
The boys race would start soon. We carried the coffin to the starting line and took some run-outs. As the sun climbed, the chill of the morning faded, and the colors of the day intensified. There were 25 teams and 150 runners in our race. I stood at the line and jumped several times to keep my legs loose. Before me I could see boys prancing, striding, and jogging. The colors flowed and mixed. A fresh breeze blew into my face. Breathing deeply, I tried to relax.
Coach Silvers called us to gather around him.  “Byron hasn’t shown up,” he said. “That means Lenny Green will run varsity today.” He looked from face to face and nodded his head. “I fully expect all of you to run your best race of the season even without Byron. Remember what I said. You can’t let circumstances beyond your control determine your performance. Run with excellence whether we win or lose. Make sure you pace yourself in the first mile—not too fast and not too slow. During the second mile, move into position. In the middle of the race you should pass all those bozos who went out too fast. By the end of the second mile you should be where we want you to be. The third mile is all guts. It’s a matter of your mind ruling your body. Your mind has the power to make your body go to the limit. Is everybody ready?”
We nodded.
“Listen,” Coach Silvers said. “William is convinced that Byron is all right. I don’t know if that’s true or not. I hope so. I do know this. Wherever he is, he would want you to give it your best. Let’s run this race for Byron.”
“For Byron!” Pete Flanagan said.
“For Byron!” we echoed.
“Okay. Carry the coffin out onto the field and we’ll do our Rider yell,” Coach Silvers ordered.
I told Lenny Green, a wiry, blond-headed freshman, to help at the back of the coffin.  My varsity teammates and I, three on each side, grabbed the handles. We walked slowly towards our usual spot thirty yards beyond the starting line. Everyone watched. To my right I saw Glass City’s team gathered around Coach Fettling. He stopped talking, and they turned and looked. Remmy crossed his arms. He looked nervous, but defiant. Christian Archer raised his hand to his forehead, as if to salute us. I nodded to him. I sensed that most people knew about Byron’s disappearance. The grounds became respectfully quiet.
When we lowered the coffin, the starter, a thin man with a handlebar mustache, walked to the middle of the field and blew his whistle. He wore a red ball cap and a red-and-white-striped sleeve on his right arm. “Can I have everyone’s attention!” he bellowed. “As most of you know, our defending individual champion, Byron Butler from Knightstown High School, has been missing now for seven days.” He cleared his throat. All eyes were on him. The shuffling and murmurs stopped. “Would you please join me in a moment of silence to remember Byron and pray for his return.”
All heads bowed. Twenty seconds passed. I glanced up and saw Christian Archer reach out and shove Remmy from behind making him take a step forward. Remmy stepped back. Christian did it again. Remmy gave him a dirty look and stepped beyond Archer’s reach. Archer shook his head and walked towards the starter. Remmy looked like he was going to cry. The starter looked up and saw Christian approaching. He tilted his head and twisted the end of his mustache.
“Mr. Starter, Could I say something?” Christian said. Everyone looked up.
“Go right ahead young man,” the starter said.
“This has been a terrible week for me. Something happened last Sunday. I can’t keep quiet about it anymore.” He took a deep breath and scanned the faces of the crowd. “It’s been on my conscience night and day. Something terrible has happened . . .”
“Wait a minute, Christian!” Remmy hollered. Everyone turned to see Remmy jog over to where Christian and the starter stood.
“It’s my fault,” Remmy said, his voice teetering. “I’ll take responsibility.” He cleared his throat and steadied himself. “Last Sunday as we were runnin’ across the West Channel Bridge, we ran into Byron Butler. Byron and me . . . well . . . let’s just say we’ve never liked each other. We got into an argument about whose team was the best. He was angry because the Riders haven’t beaten us all year. Before I knew it, he sucker-punched me in the eye. I wanted to fight him fair and square, but my eye was swelling up and I couldn’t see that good. He took advantage of me. I tried to punch him but missed. I lost my balance. He grabbed me from behind and somehow got my arm behind my back. I thought he was gonna break my arm. My three friends, Ted Spore, Gomer Jones and Hershel Riggs came to my rescue. They pulled him off of me. Before anyone could stop them, they lifted Byron to their shoulders and tossed him over the rail. He hit the river hard.”
The crowd gasped and murmurs rippled.
“We watched, but he never came back up,” Remmy stammered. “My eye was swelled shut and my arm felt like it was broken. I couldn’t do much, but a couple of the boys jumped in and tried to save him. No use. Byron Butler was gone. It’s my fault. I should have never tried to fight back. And now Byron’s dead. I’m sorry, he’s dead.”
I looked at Coach Silvers. His face was pale, almost white and his mouth hung open. The crowd was shocked. No one knew what to say or do.
Suddenly, the coffin lid flew open with a loud clatter, and everyone jumped. Remmy turned around. When Byron sat straight up most of the girls screamed. His head dripped with water and his eyes stared, wide and wild. River vines draped over his pale face, and his mouth formed a savage gape. Remmy took a step back. Byron stood like a zombie and let out an “Arrrrrgggggghhhh!” Remmy back-pedaled and tripped. That’s when Turdball lost control of his sphincter muscle.
Byron shouted, “We are the Pale Riders of the Apocalypse! You cannot escape the fury of our wrath!”
My five teammates and I circled Byron and put our hands on him. We yelled, “Riders! Riders!! Riders!!! Riders!!!! Riders!!!!! Rider!!!!!! Riders!!!!!!!”—Louder each time.
Remmy took off sprinting across the field towards the port-a-potties.
Rusty shouted, “There goes the brown streak!”  
The starter blew his whistle. Everyone got quiet. “This is crazy!” he shouted. “Crazy! Everybody, get to the starting line!”
We lifted the coffin and carried it to the other side of the starting line. Tearing off our warm-ups, we piled them in the coffin. All the teams lined up in their designated boxes. The starter blew his whistle again, one long blast, gave the commands and fired the gun. Remington Turner Ball III was still in the port-a-john cleaning himself when 149 runners sprinted across the field and around the first turn. Needless to say, the Pale Riders won the O.V.A.C. Championship, and Byron Butler, back from the dead, led from start to finish.



Wheatfield with Crows
by Joe C. Ellis
He painted rapidly with thick, expressive stokes. On the canvas, tire tracks slanted through mashed wheat from the bottom left corner to the middle, curling and diminishing between yellow and ochre stalks. The sky, painted with turbulent slashes of cerulean and ultra-marine blue, brooded over the field with two small swirls of white clouds hovering like ghosts. Presently, Niles Bodkin focused on dabbing burnt sienna across the bottom right, creating the dirt path on which he stood.
	Niles had driven for almost two hours earlier that morning, crisscrossing the multitudinous back roads of Bonnyvale County to find the perfect spot. He settled on a beautiful view along a ridge that traversed the spine of a series of Appalachian foothills where farmers had planted the fields on both sides for more than two centuries. There he set up his easel and, for the last three hours, attacked the large canvas as if possessed by some desperate, creative demon.
	With the ascent of the mid-July sun, sweat gathered on his forehead, beaded and dripped into his eyes. Wiping his brow with his palm, he smeared brown and yellow oil paint across his forehead. He placed his brushes and palette on the collapsible stool next to the easel, lifted his straw hat, grasped the bottom of his T-shirt and swiped his face. Blinking, he stepped back from the canvas and nodded, satisfied with the day’s work. 
	Perhaps I’ll come back and finish tomorrow or the next day, he thought. As he looked above the painting, comparing his image to the actual scene, a flock of crows rose violently above the field, flapping and cawing, their black forms jagged against the yellow swath of land. Niles lifted his arm, elbow across his face, as they flew over him. It took several minutes for his pulse to slow and the jittery sensation throughout his body to subside. Gazing at the field, he shook off an odd feeling of peril—he had always heard that crows were harbingers of death.
	Without the necessity to stop and eye each potential composition, the drive home didn’t take nearly as long—thirty minutes. As he navigated the shadow-dappled streets on the south side of Knightstown, he considered this morning’s effort. Since retiring as a high school art teacher two years ago, he had devoted his days to painting. His eye for color, his feel of brush in hand, his layering of pigment, and passion of stroke had matured, had risen to a level of aesthetic eloquence. I never thought my work would become . . . become so masterful. At a stop sign he twisted himself and looked into the back seat to inspect the brushwork of the new canvas. An ecstasy soared through his chest as the hues, textures, lines and shapes pulsated with visual energy. The loud blast of a car horn jolted him out of his exultation. He jerked his head up and peered through the back window to see a man driving a black Mustang. The driver shook his fist and shouted to go. Quickly he turned and stomped the pedal. The car surged through the four-way stop. The irate driver’s sudden fury reminded him of the crows—their beating wings almost touching him.
	Just three more blocks and I’ll be home, he thought. He reprimanded himself for holding up traffic to satisfy a nagging urge to examine his work. I guess I’m just giddy with my progress. There’s time enough to look it over when I get home. As he slowed to pull into his driveway, he noticed the tables set up on his neighbor’s lawn. A small crowd of local residents ambled around them examining the variety of objects stacked on the tables and set up on the grass. Mrs. Theona Shemp, an seventy-nine year old, blue-haired and big-boned woman, stood next to a walnut dresser declaring to a young couple the worthiness of the piece.
Just three days before, Stephanie Crowley, Mrs. Shemp’s niece, had knocked on his door to inquire if he had any items he wished to place in the yard sale. A widow in her late thirties, Stephanie was tall, about five ten, with sandy blond hair and dark, thick eyebrows. To Niles, twenty years her senior, she had a good body, not yet broadened by the pounds that so easily collect when the flower of youth has wilted. Stephanie had moved in with her aunt after her husband died about ten months ago. They talked for thirty minutes, and he noticed she displayed no urgency to leave. He showed her his paintings and they talked about art. Their interaction prompted him to reevaluate his ability to attract much younger females. For the last ten years, since his wife left him, he had only dated women his own age. Before he pulled the car into the garage, he scanned the meandering people until he spotted Stephanie, the sunshine resplendent off her hair. Behind one of the tables, she waited on a customer, stuffing dollar bills into a cigar box.
He rushed into the spare bedroom where he stored his paintings and supplies to unload his easel, storage box and canvas. Glancing around the walls, he noticed the stacks of artwork, more than 150 paintings he had completed in the last two years. Unfortunately, he hadn’t sold any. He refused to place a price of less than $300 on his work. One day, he believed, his talent would be discovered. Then all the collectors would be scrambling to purchase an original Niles Bodkin.
Before heading to the yard sale, he stopped in the bathroom to relieve himself and check his appearance. Gazing in the mirror, he noticed the brown and yellow smudge across his forehead. Quickly he soaped and rinsed his face. After he toweled off, he struck a pose—a three-quarter view. His eyes, green and piercing, reflected the serious aspect of his character. He noticed his receding hairline and the abundance of gray speckling his close-cropped, rust-colored hair. His neatly trimmed beard, a deeper red than his hair, grew thick across his jowls, and his mustache almost covered his upper lip. His eyelids tightened and then widened as a smile unveiled a crescent of slightly uneven teeth. You are still a good-looking man, he told himself.
Because he didn’t want to appear overly anxious, Niles took his time circling the tables in Theona Shemp’s yard. He flipped through a box of old LP’s—Frank Sinatra, Nat King Cole, Perry Como, Judy Garland. He crossed to the other side to check out several piles of novels. Then he glanced toward the card table where Stephanie waited on a customer. Their eyes met, and he waved.
“Mr. Bodkin!” Stephanie called. “I’m glad you’re here. I need to talk to you.”
He walked toward her as the buyer departed. Wearing a form-fitting, V-necked red T-shirt and low-cut jean shorts, she placed her hands on her hips and smiled, a flash of white teeth and cherry red lipstick. Her voluptuous appearance sent a twittering sensation through his stomach, but he steadied himself and tried to appear nonchalant. 
“Making the big bucks today, eh Ms. Crowley?” he asked.
“We’re doing quite well, I don’t mind saying. Wait right here. I’ve got something I want to show you.”  She hurried up the front steps and picked up a large box from the porch.
“Can I help you with that?” Niles asked.
“No. It’s not heavy at all.”
She carried the box to him and lowered it to the ground, exposing generous cleavage. Niles tried not to get caught in a stare, but he wasn’t fast enough. When he looked up, her tacit smile revealed that she knew he had enjoyed the view.
“What do ya think?” she asked.
He blushed. “I . . . I . . .”
“I mean the paintings.”
He looked into the box and saw four old canvases covered in a thick layer of dust. “Of course . . . the paintings,” he said. “Very interesting. These look ancient.”
“They are. I found them up in Aunt Theona’s attic. She said they belonged to my great grandfather. He was an amateur artist.”
He pulled one out of the box. The thick dust coating the surface made it difficult to see the subject matter. Turning it over, he inspected the construction of the frame. “This is a butted frame. Look here.” He pointed to the corner. “It’s not cut to 45 degrees like more modern stretcher-board frames. Look at the nail heads. They’re rusted and not quite uniform. I would say these paintings are at least a hundred years old. Are they for sale?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know. They couldn’t be worth much, could they?”
“There’s a market for old paintings on Ebay, if they’re well-done. My sister has sold quite a few. She’ll buy one at an antique store for thirty-five dollars and sell it in an online auction for two-hundred or more.”
“Even if the artist is unknown?”
“Doesn’t matter. If it’s a decent painting and over a hundred years old, it’ll bring a good price.”
Stephanie’s features tensed with frustration. “ I’ve never sold anything on Ebay. Have you?”
He took a deep breath as if to prepare for a confession. “Yes. I’ve tried several times to sell my own paintings. Not much luck though. Haven’t sold one.”
“But you know how to post an auction?”
“Of course. It’s not hard to do.”
She reached out and gently pressed her hand on his shoulder. “I wouldn’t know the first thing about it. All I do is email.”
He sensed the warmth of her touch and breathed her fragrance, a blend of vanilla and fresh citrus.
 “I’ve got another question,” she said. “Do you know anything about cleaning old paintings?”
“Sure.” He looked at the filthy canvases. “It’s a matter of removing the dirt without harming the paint. I have some gentle solvents that would work well.”
She lowered her hand. “Then I’ve got a proposition for you. If you can clean these paintings, open an account on Ebay for me, and post them, I’ll give you half the profit.”
“That’s quite a good deal for me, especially if these things sell for two-hundred bucks each.”
She held out her hand. “That’s the deal.”
He shook her hand, trying to control his excitement, acutely aware of the softness of her skin. “I could have them ready to post tonight, if you’d like to stop over. We could do it together.”
“What do I need to bring? Anything?”
“If you want me to open an Ebay account for you, bring a credit card.”
She reached up and caressed his cheek, drawing her fingers along his beard. “Thank you, Mr. Bodkin. I’ll be there. Does around eight sound good for you?”
“Eight’s fine. But please don’t call me Mr. Bodkin. Call me Niles.”
“Certainly, Niles.”


Later that afternoon, Niles spread newspapers over his kitchen table, cut up an old towel to use for rags, and found the solvents he believed would work best. As he cleaned the first canvas, a landscape of a mountain and lake appeared. He noticed the crackling surface of the paint, characteristic of a very old work. On the bottom right corner he uncovered the signature—Wilmer Shemp. Good. Signed paintings bring higher bids. When he finished, he placed the painting on the counter, leaned it against a cupboard and stood back to examine it. The solvent had done an excellent job, bringing out the brilliance of the colors even in the more subtle areas of sky and water. In Nile’s estimation, Wilber Shemp had been a good amateur painter, at least as advanced as one of Nile’s better high school students. He was sure they could get $150 or more out of the painting.
As he began cleaning the second canvas, a loud knock rattled the front screen door.
“Hey, Niles!” a familiar voice called. “You in there?”
“I’m in the kitchen. Come on in,” Niles yelled over his shoulder. The voice belonged to his friend and former co-worker, Sumner Lewis, who once taught English at Knightstown High School. Sumner had retired a few years before Niles but kept busy as a part-time reporter for the Knightstown Times, focusing on local interest stories.
“How ‘bout a game of tennis this afternoon?” Sumner asked as he entered the kitchen. He was tall, about six three, and although he had thin arms and legs, Sumner’s substantial paunch protruded under his white tennis shirt, sagging over his shorts. His large ears and over-sized wire-rimmed glasses made him look comical.
“Love to, but I’m busy.”
Sumner leaned over the canvas as Niles applied the solvent and wiped the surface.
“Nice still life.”
“Not bad.”
“Looks old.”
“It’s an antique. Belongs to Old Lady Shemp next door. I’m helping her niece post it on an Ebay auction.”
“Her niece? Do you mean Stephanie Crowley?”
Niles nodded.
“Hubba, hubba, hubba. You son of a gun.”
Niles smiled. “Can’t help it if I’m a babe magnet. She’s coming over tonight.”
 Sumner crossed his arms and nodded. “I’m impressed. Would you like to borrow some of my Viagra?”
“Not quite ready for that yet. I’m surprised you haven’t been arrested.”
“Arrested? For what?”
“I’ve heard there’s a stiff penalty under the penal code for abusing Viagra.”
“Ha, ha, ha. Keep it up and I’ll die laughing.”
“I intend to keep it up for as long as I can,” Niles said, wiping the bottom right corner of the canvas. When the name appeared, he dropped the rag on the floor and leaned closer to inspect the signature.
“What’s the matter?” Sumner asked.
Niles pulled back, eyes wide. “Look at that signature.”
Sumner read the word: “Vincent. Vincent who?”
“My starry nights, Sumner! Don’t you know? That’s an exact match.” He carefully wiped the left side of the canvas, revealing more of the sunflowers and vase.
“What are you talking about? An exact match for who?”
Nile’s forehead knotted and his green eyes filled with amazement.  “Vincent van Gogh.”


When Stephanie arrived that evening, Niles said, “Come quickly. You’ve got to see this.” He took her by the hand and led her into the kitchen. Although she wore a stunning sheer black spaghetti-strap top with white marble swirls, Niles was unaffected, fixated on the possibilities of his discovery. He had arrayed the four paintings along the kitchen counter, leaning them against the cupboards. His eyes exhibited the anxiety of a man possessed by too many conflicting thoughts. 
After positioning Stephanie on the other side of the table, he swept his hand toward the paintings and asked, “What do you think?”
“Marvelous. They cleaned up so well! Great Grandpa Shemp was quite good, wasn’t he?”
“He certainly had some talent, but look again. Do you notice anything unusual about the paintings?”
Stephanie’s eyebrows tensed with concentration. “Three are landscapes and one’s a still life.”
“Obviously, but what else do you see?”
“The colors in the still life are odd—too many yellows. And the paint stokes are so much thicker.”
“Exactly. The three landscapes are similar in style and technique. Your great-grandfather’s signature can be found in the bottom right corner.” He took her by the hand, led her around the table to the still life and pointed to the signature. “Can you read that?”
She leaned to get a closer look. “It says, Vincent. But my great-grandfather’s first name was Wilmer.”
“I know.” Niles reached and gripped her bare shoulders. “There’s something else I need to show you.” He directed her to the kitchen table and opened a large art book entitled The Post Impressionists to a page he had bookmarked. 
She gasped. “That’s the same picture.”
“Not quite.” He pointed to the picture in the book. “This one has fifteen sunflowers. The one on the counter has twelve. Take a look at the signature.”
“Vincent, again.” Stephanie’s eyes widened. “Is that who I think it is?”
Niles nodded. “Van Gogh.”
“Vincent Van Gogh? Is it possible, Niles! That painting could be worth thousands.”
Niles shook his head, his left eyelid twitching and lips trembling. “Not thousands, Stephanie. If it’s authentic, we’re talking millions.”
She took a deep breath and smothered Niles with an affectionate hug. He pressed his hands on her back, enjoying the warmth and softness of her body, breathing the sweet fragrance of her hair. Leaning back, she smiled and clasped his face in her hands. She pulled him close and kissed his forehead. “This is too good to be true,” she gushed.
Niles gripped her arms and pushed her away slightly. “You might be right. Chances are this is too good to be true.”
Delight drained from her face, tugging the corners of her eyes and lips as it departed. She stepped back. “What do you mean? Do you think it might be a fake?”
“I don’t know. For the last few hours I’ve been researching on the Internet. Most Van Goghs that have turned up over the last eighty years have been fakes—more than 99 percent. Only a few have been authenticated through meticulous research and expert analysis.”
Hope rekindled in her eyes. “Maybe this is one of the few.”
“It very well could be, but there are some tremendous hurdles ahead of us.”
“What do you mean?”
“According to the articles I read, Van Gogh has been forged more frequently than any other modern master. There are dozens of Van Gogh’s hanging in the world’s leading museums that are now being scrutinized and tested because their authenticity has been challenged.”
“How do we find out if this one is a fraud?”
Niles rubbed his beard, twisting the hairs into a curl on his finger as he stared at the still life. “For the most part it comes down to the opinions of experts and art critics. The paintings that are now being challenged must undergo the scrutiny of the leading Post Impressionist scholars of the world. Then, of course, there’s scientific testing and analysis—x-radiography and infra-red reflectography. Any Van Gogh that can’t be traced through valid documentation back to 1890 is suspect. This picture would definitely be challenged.”
“If scholars are challenging Van Gogh’s that have hung in museums for years, how would this one ever have a chance? Even if it were authentic, some so-called expert might say the brush strokes don’t look quite right, and that would be the end of it.”
“Exactly. If a respected scholar would cast the shadow of doubt on our picture, then it would probably flop at a traditional auction.”
Stephanie slumped into the nearest chair, closed her eyes and shook her head. “It doesn’t seem fair.”
Niles stood behind her and massaged her shoulders. “We have a couple things going for us.”
She opened her eyes, leaned her head against his chest to meet his gaze, and asked, “Really?”
Niles grinned, nodded, then circled to the other side of the table. “Van Gogh painted quite a few Sunflower still lifes during the sixteen months he spent in Arles. He sent most of his work back to his brother, Theo, in Paris, but he gave quite a few paintings away to the locals. Being hard up for money, he often bartered his paintings for food or alcohol. Sometimes he traded works with other artists who passed through.”
“So if Great-Grandpa Wilmer spent some time as a younger man in France, then this could be the real deal. Perhaps he traded for the painting.”
“That’s a possibility. It all comes down to tracing the provenance of the work back to the early 1890’s. Do you know much about Wilber Shemp’s life?”
“No, but Aunt Theona does.”
Niles sat down, reached across the table and grasped her hand. “Listen. Sumner Lewis, a good friend of mine, is a reporter for The Knightstown TImes. This afternoon as I was cleaning the painting, he stopped in for a visit. Needless to say, after seeing the signature, he became quite excited about breaking this story. He wants to interview you, your Aunt and me tomorrow morning.”
“Should we grant the interview?”
“That depends on what your Aunt has to say. Her response could make or break us. If she says the right things, the story could be picked up internationally.”
Stephanie’s eyes widened and she squeezed Nile’s hand, her knuckles whitening. “Internationally! That means collectors around the world would take notice.”
“Exactly. But if she doesn’t say the right things, our potential profit may take a nosedive.”
“Don’t worry about Aunt Leaf. She’s been a shrewd saleswoman all her life. I guarantee you she’ll say the right things.”
Niles felt a surge of nervous energy through his body. His knees quivered so he took a deep breath to try to relax. After releasing her hand, he rose and went to the counter to pick up the picture. He held it toward her and said, “If all goes well, we can auction this Van Gogh off to the world.”
“How?”
“Just like we originally planned—through Ebay. By means of the interview we’ll announce a ten-day Ebay auction. We’ll invite collectors from around the world to Knightstown, Ohio to bring their experts and personally examine the painting. There may be some doubters, but I’m sure there’ll be some believers. Who knows how many millionaires will show up at our doorstep for a chance to own a Van Gogh?”
“How high do you think they’ll bid?”
“You’ve got to keep in mind that this is not an authenticated masterpiece. But I still think we could get between one-hundred to two hundred thousand out of it.”
Stephanie stood and leaned on the table. “Two hundred thousand dollars! Really?”
“To you and me that’s a lot of money. However, to a rich collector, who believes he’s looking at an authentic Van Gogh, it’s a chance worth taking—a calculated risk that could turn two hundred thousand into twenty million. That’s what we’re selling—the chance—the gamble that this is a real masterpiece.”
Niles pivoted and gently placed the painting on the counter. When he turned to face Stephanie, she had approached to within inches. They drew together, trembling, holding each other, and kissed. 
When their lips separated, Stephanie whispered, “I am with you on this. I trust you.”

 

Too excited to sleep, Niles lay in bed staring at the ceiling. At three A.M., he arose and hurried into the kitchen to check on the painting. Seeing it undisturbed on the counter, he felt silly. Who would try to steal it? No one knows about this picture except for Sumner and Stephanie. I’m becoming too agitated, too paranoid. 
He walked into the spare bedroom and rifled through several stacks of his paintings. After finding a still life of chrysanthemums, he carried it into the kitchen and placed it next to the Van Gogh. Back and forth he looked from one canvas to the other, examining technique and use of color. Incredible. I’ve always loved Van Gogh’s work, but never realized how closely I came to him in spirit and style. The texture and brushstrokes are so similar. Standing back from the paintings, he closed his eyes and imagined the passionate genius applying oil paint to the canvas. 
An eerie sensation washed over him—a metaphysical whirling of emotion and creative energy. He stepped forward and stood in the spot where he had envisioned Van Gogh. As if applying a yellow petal to one of the sunflowers, he reached out with an imaginary brush. At once he felt a sense of ecstasy and great terror, of pulsating life and black death. He staggered back from the picture, colliding with the kitchen table. Steadying himself, breathing rapidly, he wiped sweat from his forehead. What’s happening to me? “Vincent? Vincent?” he whispered. In the stillness, he thought he heard someone say, I am here, but the voice may have come from his own mind. I need to get some sleep. He fled to his bedroom and crawled under the covers.



“You look terrible,” Sumner said when he entered the kitchen the next morning.
Niles, with a sallow complexion and bags under his eyes, said: “I didn’t sleep a wink last night.”
“Did Ms. Crowley keep you up?”
“No.” He pointed to the still life. “Vincent did.”
“Vincent? Has his ghost returned for the lost painting?”
Niles shook his head. “It’s probably just all this excitement, but I swear to you, last night I sensed Van Gogh’s presence.”
Sumner couldn’t prevent a smile from widening his face. “Where? Here in the kitchen?”
Niles raised his finger and pointed to his chest. “Inside of me. Possessing me.”
“Niles, come on now. That painting has knocked a few wires loose in your mind. That’s all.”
“I’m serious, Sumner. I’ve always had a love for Van Gogh. I never intentionally tried to copy his style, but I paint exactly like him. We have the same creative spirit.”
“Take it easy, old boy. A lot of artists feel influenced by the work of a master. I write like Hemmingway because I love his prose—short declarative sentences. In a way, the spirit of an artist can live on in his work. That’s all you were feeling. Last night you were tired. The gravity of the circumstances weighed upon you. For Goodness sake, this picture could be worth millions.”
“Listen to me, Sumner. Van Gogh never enjoyed the fruits of his genius. Everyone else profited—relatives, dealers, buyers, even strangers who gave him a bag of groceries in exchange for a painting. Vincent shot himself not realizing fame and fortune awaited around the next corner. Now this lost picture has surfaced.” 
Niles, trembling, turned, picked up the canvas and held it in front of his friend. “Why did Fate direct it into my hands? Like Van Gogh, I’ve got a roomful of paintings I can’t sell. I’ve got an unrelenting drive to go out day after day and interpret the beauty of nature with thick strokes of emotional color. His passion has become my passion. And now the opportunity has come to reap the reward. He has chosen me to receive the bounty because . . . because he has come to dwell within . . .”
“You’ve been sniffing too much turpentine,” Sumner interrupted. “Get a hold of yourself. You told me this picture belongs to Old Lady Shemp. I thought Stephanie just wanted you to clean it for her and help her post it on Ebay. They’re not going to give you the profits from the sale of this painting.” 
“You’re wrong. Yesterday Stephanie offered me a deal—a verbal agreement. We shook on it. She said if I would clean the paintings and set up an Ebay account for her, we would split the profits.” 
Sumner stepped back and leaned against the table. “Are you serious?”
“Yes.” Niles turned and placed the painting back on the counter. When he faced his friend, he reached up, clasped Sumner’s shoulders and said, “That’s why I need your help. Stephanie says she trusts me, but I’m not so sure I trust her.”
“What do you want me to do?”
Niles smiled and for the first time that morning, his face reddened with life. “A good interview. One with all the right questions.”


	Theona Shemp, tall like her niece, but wider, probably close to 180 pounds, wore horn-rimmed glasses and a cream-colored, shapeless cotton dress emblazoned with orange and coral leaves. She ushered Niles and Sumner into the kitchen and ordered them to sit at the table while she poured the ice tea. Niles set the still life on the counter and sat down.
In a form-flattering blue tank top and black-contoured Capri pants, Stephanie entered, smiling, and stood, hands on her hips. 
	“Good morning, gentlemen,” she said.
	Niles and Sumner greeted her enthusiastically.
	“I don’t know, Aunt Theona,” Stephanie said, glancing over her shoulder. “Do you think we can handle these two handsome rascals?”
	As she carried a tray of tea-filled glasses to the table, Theona Shemp winked. “I’ve handled quite a few men in my life. These two won’t be much trouble.”
	“I wouldn’t be so sure of that,” Sumner said as he pulled out the nearest chair for Mrs. Shemp to sit down.
	Stephanie ran her hand across the top of Niles’s head, gently rubbing his hair between her fingers, before she slid into the seat next to him. 
	With a small tape recorder, digital camera, and notebook in front of him, Sumner thanked the ladies for the opportunity to write what he believed could be the biggest story of his career. He turned on the tape recorder and asked Stephanie to begin by telling how she discovered the canvas.
	Stephanie explained she’d scoured the house for potential yard sale items. Because no one had ventured into the attic for years, she hoped she might find some lost treasures there. In a dark corner she found the box of four paintings, covered with nearly a century of dust and cobwebs. Immediately she thought of Niles, knowing his art background.
	“Now that brings up an interesting question,” Sumner said, picking up his notebook. “Because of your high regard for Niles’s art knowledge and internet savvy, you made some kind of offer to him concerning the four paintings. Is that correct?”
	“Yes.”
	“What exactly were the details of the proposition?”
	“Well . . .” Her expression clouded with apprehension. “I just asked him to clean the canvases and help me set up an Ebay account to sell the pictures.”
	“And what kind of compensation did you offer to him?”
	Stephanie laughed—the kind of laugh that escapes uncomfortably when encountering an unexpected question. “I said we could split the profits.”
	Sumner turned to Niles. “That turned out to be quite an offer, eh Niles?”
	“I thought it was very generous,” Niles said.
	Somewhat red-faced, Theona Shemp leaned forward and said: “Of course the offer was made before we knew about the Van Gogh.”
	Niles sat back, color draining from his face. “We don’t know if this is an authentic Van Gogh. It might be a worthless fake. With my expertise and knowledge, I believe I can ascertain the highest possible offer, considering we have an unauthenticated work.” 
	“I trust Niles and his ideas about auctioning off the painting,” Stephanie said. “He’s done the research and knows what he’s talking about.”
	Theona’s mouth opened, but a glance from Stephanie stifled her comment.
	“Let’s discuss establishing the authenticity of the painting,” Sumner said. “Is there any way to trace this work back in time to late 1800’s France?”
	Theona stabbed her index finger onto the tabletop several times. “Yes, indeed! There certainly is. My grandfather, Wilmer Shemp, brought that painting back to America from Southern France—I believe he picked it up in Arles. He built this house back in the early 1900’s. Without anyone knowing, he stored the painting in the attic. It’s been up there all these years.”
	“But how do you know for sure that Grandpa Wilmer traveled to France and brought back the Van Gogh?”
	She spread her hands palms down on the table, an earnest expression tightening her deeply wrinkled face. “’Bout thirty years ago I inherited this house. It seems like just yesterday. In an old chest in one of the bedrooms, I found my grandfather’s journal and started reading it. He died long before I was born so I wanted to find out more about his life. Fascinating stuff. He talked about exploring Europe as a young man, sowing his wild oats. In Paris he became familiar with the impressionists and took up painting. I distinctly remember Grandpa mentioning an encounter with an odd artist in Arles—a man by the name of Vincent. They traded paintings. Back then I knew very little about art history. I had no idea who Vincent could be. When Stephanie found those canvases the other day, I was shocked. Didn’t even know they existed.”
	Sumner sat back and pulled on his earlobe with thumb and forefinger. “Very interesting. Would it be possible for me to take a look at that journal?”
	She shook her head, a shade of disgust darkening her features. “Stephanie and I have been looking for that thing all morning. It’s been years since I last saw it. That’s the God-honest truth. But I tell you what, as soon as it shows up, you’ll be the first one we call. I’m sure we’ll find it in the next couple of days.”
	Sumner nodded, repressing a smile. “I would appreciate the opportunity, if you are fortunate enough to find it. Now, I would like to know how you plan to present this painting to the world. Niles, could you enlighten me on the sales strategy?”
	Niles talked in depth about the difficulty of verifying a recently discovered Van Gogh. With the odds against them, he explained how their best option would be to announce to the world through the media that the painting had been uncovered. With a ten-day Ebay auction scheduled, interested collectors from around the world would be invited to personally inspect the canvas. To Niles, this was the best approach to getting the most out of a painting that may or may not be the real deal: to sell the hope, the chance, the gamble, the dream.
	After the interview concluded, Sumner took photographs of Niles holding the canvass between the two women. Stephanie insisted Niles continue to keep the painting at his house, believing it safer with a man guarding it. Niles stated he had a gun in his desk drawer but hoped he’d never have to use it on an art thief. Sumner offered to loan Niles a large safe he had in his basement. After bidding the ladies goodbye, Niles and Sumner walked back to Nile’s house. They said nothing until they reached Nile’s yard, out of earshot of Mrs. Shemp’s front door. 
	“You heard Stephanie, right?” Niles asked. “She said we had a deal.”
	“Got it on tape. And that’s just how I’ll write it up, but I don’t know how it would hold up in court.”
	“I don’t think she’ll double-cross me,” Niles said, his voice tired and fading. “I hope not, anyway.”
	“If Theona Shemp has anything to say about it, she will.”
	The lines around Nile’s eyes tensed as he shook his head slowly and looked at the ground. “She better not.”
	Pausing at the bottom of the porch steps, Sumner asked, “Do you think that journal really exists?”
	“There may be a journal, but I doubt if it clearly documents the exchange of paintings between Wilmer Shemp and Vincent like she says.”
	“Do you think she’s making it up?”
	“Let’s just say she embellished a few selected memories. Like Stephanie told me—Theona’s a shrewd saleswoman.”
	“You’re probably right, but I’m going to report it just like she said it.”
	Niles smiled. “That kind of factual reporting will hopefully put more money in my pocket.”
	
	


Sumner’s article far exceeded Nile’s expectations. Within three days UPI and AP picked up the story and distributed it to every major newspaper across America including USA Today. The buzz quickly leaped around the world appearing in Paris’s Le Figaro, Berlin’s Berliner Morgenpost, and London’s The Mirror. Internet news outlets carried blurbs about the Lost Van Gogh, and speculations soared in related chat rooms. 
For four days Niles worked on the HTML code which he would upload to Ebay at the appointed time for the auction to begin. He took more than fifty digital photographs, close-ups of every portion of the picture, back and front. Carefully he selected fifteen that he thought best represented the work, three of them displaying the signature at different zoom levels. Most of the time he spent writing the copy. He wanted every word to capture and tantalize the viewer. 
The first paragraph described the visual magnificence of the work—the brushstrokes, the colors, the emotion sensed in every inch of texture. The history of the painting followed in great detail, emphasizing Theona Shemp’s account of Wilber’s journal entries and ending with his encounter with the unusual painter in Arles named Vincent who exchanged pictures with him. Finally Niles offered an invitation to serious collectors to bring their experts and examine the painting in person. To Niles, this nothing-to-hide openness bolstered the credibility of the piece.
On Friday night Stephanie arrived to view the appearance of the formatted text and images on Nile’s browser and approve the copy. She insisted, as originally agreed, he set the auction up in her name with her credit card. In the tone of her voice, Niles thought he detected a vacillating quality, one that touched off insecurity within him, but he maintained his composure. He attributed his apprehension to the momentous nature of the venture before them. However, he insisted that both of their email addresses be included in the post. This gave him a sense of publicly declared partnership. In all likelihood, Niles explained, they would be overwhelmed with questions from potential buyers, and they could share the burden of answering the inquiries. They agreed only serious collectors with verifiable credentials would be permitted to view the painting in person through pre-arranged appointments. Satisfied with Nile’s plan, Stephanie gave the okay and watched him establish her account and upload the files. 
When the auction appeared online, both became jittery, eyed one another, and took deep breaths to try to calm themselves. Within ten minutes the page counter registered over 100 hits and eleven bids, the highest—$1,100. They stood in front of the monitor, forgetting the businesslike tenor of their earlier interaction, and embraced, then twirled around the room, dancing and leaping like children. Their frolic wound down in front of the computer screen where Niles clicked the refresh icon. The page reloaded to reveal the top bid had climbed to $1500.
Stephanie gripped Niles’s shoulders. “This is incredible! It’s only been fifteen minutes.”
The whites of Niles’s eyes grew wide. “And we still have ten days to go.” Niles opened his arms, drew Stephanie close and kissed her passionately. The warmth of her body and the fire of her mouth melted any doubts about her loyalty that had formed like icicles in his mind. Feeling her hands against his back pulling him tighter, he delighted in the possibility of a double jackpot—the financial windfall of the auctioned painting and the adoration of a beautiful woman.



For the next ten days Niles and Stephanie kept busy answering emails and presenting the canvas to potential buyers who offered enough background information to substantiate their claims as moneyed collectors. After a request to see the work arrived by email, Niles would initiate an extensive Internet investigation of the inquirer. When reasonably sure the individual could be trusted, Niles granted the appointment. During the first six days, twenty-two collectors visited, half of them bringing experts to examine the canvas.  Both Niles and Stephanie would meet with the potential buyer and answer questions to the best of their ability. Although the experts didn’t say much in front of him, Niles studied their expressions and manners, convinced most were impressed. 
Because of the extensive publicity, the Knightstown police increased patrols in Nile’s neighborhood, and an officer visited once a day to check on any potential problems. Niles took the large safe Sumner had loaned him, bolted it to the bedroom floor and kept the canvas locked inside. First Warning Security Company installed a push-button alarm device that sat on his nightstand. When activated, local law enforcement received direct notification. Niles kept his loaded .32 caliber pistol in the back of the top drawer of his desk. With all of these precautions, he still had difficulty sleeping at night.
About ten o’clock every evening, Stephanie visited, and together they monitored the progress of the auction on Niles’s computer in the dining room. At the end of the seventh day the bidding rose to $100,001. They became ecstatic, hugging, shouting and prancing around the oak table. Niles popped the cork on a bottle of red wine, Calvario Rioja, to help take the edge off their hyperactive state. After drinking several glasses, Stephanie led Niles into the bedroom where they made love for the first time. She spent the night in his arms, and he slept peacefully, the first good night’s sleep in over a week. The next morning he awoke to the sizzle and smell of scrambled eggs and bacon. When he entered the kitchen and saw her standing at the stove, the contour of his velvet robe tracing the soft curves of her body, he wondered if he was in love.
On the final night of the auction with an hour to go, the bidding rose to over $200,000.
“We’ve surpassed our goal. Can you believe it?” Stephanie marveled.
Niles stared at the screen. “There are three serious bidders still challenging each other. The fireworks haven’t even started yet. Wait till the last ten minutes.”
	“You’re kidding me, right?”
	Niles took Stephanie into his arms, leaned over, cradling her, and kissed her. “I’m not kidding. We’re going to be very rich, darling.” He raised her to her feet and turned to the monitor. Pointing, he asked: “Do you recognize this bidder—artobsession101?”
	“Yes. He emailed me about a week ago. Remember? He came down from New York City and brought an employee with him. I believe his name was Varney.”
“How could I forget? He wore a black suit and a bowler hat. His flunkie looked like Robert Blake—probably his bodyguard. Mr. Varney checked out though. The guy owned a chain of sport bars.”
		The last few hours of the auction passed quickly as the bids continued to climb. With two minutes to go, Niles kept refreshing the screen to see the next highest bid:
$520,000
$710,000
$870,000
“Look at that,” Niles said. “We might break a million!”
“Keep refreshing. Keep refreshing.”
$915,000
$1,001,000
“We’re over a million!” Holding the mouse, Niles’s hand trembled, the cursor quivering on the screen.
“Refresh it again,” Stephanie said. “There’s ten seconds to go.”
Niles clicked the refresh icon and the screen reloaded.
“Times up,” Stephanie said. 
The pale light of the monitor lit their faces as they stared, open-mouthed, at the bold words displaying the final results: 

Bidding has ended for this item. (artobsession101 is the winner) 
Winning bid: US $1,200,000.

Niles stood and blinked his eyes. His knees felt weak as he turned to embrace Stephanie. Her face beamed with amazement. They giggled as they hugged, too overcome with jubilation to formulate words. Around the dining room table they waltzed and frolicked like kids around a maypole. Niles led her into the kitchen, pulled a bottle of champagne out of the refrigerator and popped the cork, foam squirting across the floor. 
Stephanie grabbed two glasses, swung her head toward the hallway and said, “Follow me, Mr. Niles Bodkin—highly successful art dealer. We have some celebrating to do.” She wiggled her hips several times and winked.
As he followed her into the bedroom, Niles couldn’t remember ever being this happy in his life. After finishing off the bottle of champagne they made love for several hours like two newlyweds. At fifty-six years old, Niles surprised himself at his resilience. Before falling asleep, they lay in each other’s arms, brainstorming about what they could do with the money—travel, clothes, vehicles, stocks, bonds, property. Feeling the warmth of Stephanie’s body, her hand resting on his chest, Niles almost confessed his love to her, almost asked her to marry him. But something indefinable, a small blip in a far quadrant of his brain caused him to hold the words for now. There will be time for declarations of undying love. Feeling the rhythm of their unified breathing, he gazed at the dark ceiling. In his mind it twirled above him like a starry night in a Van Gogh painting. We’ve only just begun this journey. In the contentment of that most wondrous night of his life, Niles fell asleep with a beautiful lady in his arms. When he awoke the next morning, she was gone. 
His first instinct was to call her and ask why she split like a Russian spy in a James Bond movie. Reconsidering, he decided to play it cool—not give her the impression he’d been disappointed by her inconsiderate exit. To keep his mind from obsessing on all her possible motives, he straightened the house, took a shower, shaved and cooked breakfast. As he sopped up the final traces of egg yolk from his plate with a piece of toast, the phone rang.
“Niles Bodkin here.”
“It’s Stephanie. You finally wake up?”
“Yes . . . Surprised to see you were gone. I was looking forward to another home-cooked breakfast.”
“You were sleeping so peacefully, I didn’t want to disturb you. Besides, I knew Mr. Varney would try to contact me by phone to make arrangements to pick up the picture. I hurried home just in case he called.”
“Well . . .” Niles cleared his throat. “I appreciate your efforts to remedy my recent bouts with insomnia. Did Mr. Varney call?”
“Yes he did, and guess what? He’s bringing a cashier’s check with him for $1,200,000.”
Hearing the sum that would soon be half his tightened Nile’s throat. He had to swallow before he could speak: “W-w-when’s he coming?”
“He should arrive by three this afternoon. I’ll bring him over as soon as he gets here. Make sure you have the painting ready to go.”
For several hours Niles kept busy around the house. An urge to walk over to Mrs. Shemp’s place to hang out with Stephanie constantly prodded him, but he battled against it, unwilling to yield to his emotions like a lovesick teenager. Knowing his tendency to obsess over his passions, he feared becoming captivated by this sensual, younger woman. His mind became a stage on which variations of the outcome of their relationship—good, bad and horrendous—played over and over. By two-thirty he felt mentally exhausted. He opened the safe, withdrew the picture and placed it on the counter in the kitchen. As he stared at the still life, the eerie presence of Van Gogh resurrected from within.  This time he felt no creative ecstasy, only intense fear and doubt that echoed like screams through the cavern of his soul.
By the time Stephanie, Mr. Varney, and his Beretta-like sidekick arrived, Niles had composed himself but still sensed an occasional nervous tic in his lower lip and left eyelid. At the door he greeted them with a stiff smile and trembling hand that directed them to the kitchen. 
Varney, a stout man donning the same bowler hat and black suit he had worn on his first visit, said: “You realize, Ms. Crowley and Mr. Bodkin, I had to bid much higher than I ever anticipated to prevail in the auction.” 
“Y-yes,” Niles said. “We noticed several competitors in the last ten minutes raised the stakes.”
“That’s putting it mildly. But I hate to lose. It’s one of my weaknesses. You wouldn’t want to be around me when I lose. Would you Mr. Dillon?” 
“No, sir,” Dillon said, his voice low and gruff. Although he was a short man, he was muscular, displaying his cut body by wearing a tight black T-shirt and loose gabardine trousers that gathered around his wing-tipped shoes. “Not a good place to be.” He stepped forward. “Mr. Bodkin, hate to impose, but could I use your bat’room.”
“Certainly,” Niles said, pointing. “Down the hall and to your left.”
Dillon nodded and exited, fading into the darkness of the hallway.
Varney raised his hand in the direction of the bathroom. “Good ol’ Dillon has been a faithful employee for years. Never lets me down. Now, speaking of my competitors, I hope to hell they weren’t plants.”
“Plants?” Niles asked, looking from Varney to Stephanie and back.
“You know, false bidders,” Varney said.
“Oh no, Mr. Varney,” Niles said. “We would never do anything like that. Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“I would certainly hope not. If there’s one thing I hate worse than losing, it’s being conned.” Varney smiled, but his eyes remained cold.
“I can assure you those bidders weren’t imposters,” Stephanie said. “All of them came to inspect the painting last week. I still have their names and addresses if you want to verify the facts.”
Varney waved his hand. “Not necessary at this time, but I’ll keep that option in mind.”
“Mr. Varney,” a gravely voice interrupted. “You need to come check dis out.”
They turned to see Dillon standing at the entrance of the hallway, backlit by the spare bedroom’s light.
Varney glanced at Niles. “Do you mind? Mr. Dillon must have found something . . . unusual.”
“I have nothing to hide,” Niles said.
Dillon led them to the spare bedroom and motioned Varney to enter. The light shone down on the stacks of canvases like the midday Arles’s sun.
Varney spread his hands. “What’s this?”
“I’m a painter,” Niles said.
“These are Van Gogh look-a-likes. What are you trying to pull on me?”
“I assure you, Mr. Varney, the painting in the kitchen is not one of mine. I admit my style reflects Van Gogh’s influence, but these are new canvases. You examined the painting firsthand. Surely with your experience as an art collector, you could tell it was over 100 years old.”
“Forgers can do amazing things nowadays.” Varney turned to Stephanie. “Where’s my check?”
“My aunt took it to the bank. I didn’t want to keep it at my house. Please, Mr. Varney, I swear I found that painting in the attic. It’s been there for almost a century. Because Niles is so knowledgeable about art, I came to him for help. Look at the canvas again. Judge for yourself.”
Red-faced and breathing rapidly, Varney glanced at Dillon and bit his lip. Dillon reached into the pocket and fumbled with his change or keys, jangling whatever it was. Clasping his hands and nodding his head, Varney took a deep breath and said, “Okay. Let’s look at the painting again.”
In the kitchen, Varney requested a magnifying glass, and Niles rustled through several junk drawers to find one. For twenty minutes the large man examined the canvas front and back.
	After dropping the magnifying glass onto the counter, he said, “You’ve got me in a difficult position. I shouldn’t have given you the cashier’s check until I had the painting in my hands. That’s my mistake. At this point in time I’m willing to give you the benefit of the doubt. However, if I discover this is a modern forgery, . . .” He lifted his hand, thumb up and index finger out like a gun, and pointed at Stephanie and then Niles. “ . . . someone will pay dearly.” 
	With the painting under his arm, Varney marched out of the front door. Hesitating, Dillon glared at them and said, “Mr. Varney means what he says.” He reached up and poked himself in the chest. “It’s my job to make sure of that.” 
	When the black Mercedes pulled away, Stephanie smiled and said, “That son of a bitch. I thought he was going to back out on us.”
	Surprised at her composure, Niles asked, “Did your aunt really take the check to the bank?”
	She chuckled. “No. My name’s on the check. Don’t think they’d cash it without me there. I told her to take it for a ride until the Mercedes disappeared.” 
	“Aren’t you worried about Varney and that bodyguard of his?”
	“He knew the facts surrounding the picture. We never claimed it was a real Van Gogh. Like you said, we’re selling the chance.”
	“But what if it’s a fake?”
	Stephanie laughed. “What’s he going to do? Kill us?”
	Niles rubbed his neck. “I certainly hope not.” He wanted to ask about his portion of the profit but wasn’t sure how to word it. Finally, he said, “Would you like me to take you to the bank now, and we could . . . finalize the . . . agreement?”
	She shook her head. “No. Aunt Theona and I will take care of it. Stop over tomorrow morning and I’ll cut you a check for your part of it.”
When she turned to go, Niles said, “Stephanie.”
She hesitated, looking over her shoulder.
“Would you like to get together tonight and rent a movie or something?”
A cold wave of indifference shaded her expression. “Don’t think so, Niles. I have other plans.”



Niles hated rejection. He went home and brooded over Stephanie’s sudden frigid blast that had left him numb and lonely. After replaying all of the scenes of their time together in his mind, Niles concluded he had been used to net the greatest possible take, and then sent packing. He wished he could view their fling as a few casual romps that any old goat like him should feel grateful to have enjoyed. With $600,000 coming his way he wanted to forget she existed and rejoice in his newly acquired wealth. But he couldn’t. Because of her neediness act, he had opened his heart to her and believed she actually wanted something more from him than technology skills and a couple hours of bedroom pleasure. She took full advantage of his vulnerability, leaving a dagger of rejection lodged in his heart.
In the bathroom he stared at himself in the mirror. Large bags had formed under his eyes, and the wrinkles furrowing his forehead seemed deeper than ever. The face before him altered slightly, becoming the visage of Vincent Van Gogh—melancholy, paranoid, tortured. He opened the medicine cabinet, grabbed an ivory handled penknife and extracted the blade. After shutting the mirror he held the blade to the botton of his ear. He imagined carrying the severed ear in a red-soaked handkerchief to Mrs. Shemp’s front door, blood streaming down the side of his face as Stephanie gaped in horror. He pressed the blade into his skin, and blood beaded and dripped. The sudden pain and crimson streak jolted him out of his morose state. His hand sprung open, and the knife clattered in the sink. What am I doing? He pulled a strip of toilet paper from the roll and stanched the blood. The face in the mirror was his again. I can’t allow these insane impulses to overwhelm me, can’t let Vincent take over.
To manage his emotional state the rest of the day, he headed downtown to pick up a six-pack of Coors Tall Boys and three Bogart movies—The Big Sleep, To Have and Have Not, and The Maltese Falcon. He rationed the beer, two to a movie, and watched the flicks one after another. By midnight, after Sam Spade told Brigid O’Shaughnessy, ‘If they hang you, I’ll always remember you,’ Niles had determined how he would handle Stephanie Crowley. Tomorrow morning he would collect his money and walk away, cool, businesslike, unattached. And she better follow through on the deal.



The next day, about nine a.m., Niles knocked on Theona Shemp’s front door. His insides felt cold and feckless like a campfire that had just been doused by a bucket of water. When the door swung open, Stephanie appeared wearing a blue and white paisley sundress that accentuated her figure. Seeing her again stirred the coals, and a small glow of hope smoldered.
“Good morning, Niles,” she said. Her eyes and the tone of her voice offered no clues to the state of her feelings for him.
“Hello, Stephanie.” Niles studied her face, looking for a hint of warmth. Seeing none, he said. “I’ve come for my money.”
“Of course. I’d invite you in, but my aunt’s not feeling well. The check’s on the table. Be back in a sec.”
Niles nodded as she departed. Wham, bam, thank you sir. If that’s how it is, fine with me. Just give me my money and I’ll be on my way.
When she returned, she stepped outside and shut the front door. Staring at the check, she said, “This is a good payday for you, Niles. More than ten times the amount you originally hoped for.”
Math was never Niles’s best subject, but the multiplication didn’t sound right. She handed him a check for $10,000. He glared at her. “What’s this?”
“You told me you believed you could get $800 out of those four canvases. I’m giving you $10,000.”
“No way, Crowley,” Niles growled. “Don’t feed me that crap. We agreed to split the profits fifty-fifty. You owe me $600,000.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Niles. That painting belonged to my aunt, not you. We appreciate your expertise and Internet know-how, but you don’t deserve half that money. I’m being more than generous for the time you put in.”
“Yes,” Niles said, the check trembling in his hand, left eyelid twitching. “I serviced you well. You made sure you got the most out of me. You can take this check and shove it.” He flicked it toward her face, but it looped and drifted to the ground like a large leaf. He raised his hand and pointed, his index finger a few inches from her nose. “We had a verbal agreement and shook on it. But that’s not all. Don’t you remember the interview? Sumner’s got it all on tape. Your own words will come back to haunt you.”
Stephanie’s eyes narrowed and her cherry red lips tightened. Her anger caused lines to form around her mouth and eyes making her look fifteen years older. She slapped at Niles’s hand. “Get your finger out of my face and your ass off of my property.”
Niles backed away. “I’m leaving, but you’ll be hearing from my lawyer in the next two days. I guarantee it.”
Niles walked directly to Sumner Lewis’s house and pounded on the door. 
Sumner opened the door, smiling, but seeing Niles’s demeanor, asked, “What’s the matter, old boy.”
Niles’s eyes were aflame. “You were right. They double-crossed me. I’m such a sap. I hope you still have that tape.”
Sumner reached out and patted his shoulder then led him into the kitchen. “Take it easy now. The tape’s in my office. What happened?”
“Stephanie tried to give me a $10,000 check. Figured she’d toss me a bone and keep the whole cow for herself. I’m the one that made this happen. My knowledge and ability brought that fat cow to her door.”
“Did you accept the check?”
“No. I threw it in her face. Left it lying there on the sidewalk.”
“Good. To accept it might have been considered a concession to the original deal, not that I’m any kind of an expert in law. Let’s just hope you’ve got a solid case.”
Niles ran his hand across the top of his head, over his nicked ear, and through his beard. “Believe me, I’ll find out. Do you know any good lawyers?”
“Let me call a few friends. I’ll come up with some prospects.”
Niles nodded. “I need to get out of here for a few hours. Clear my head. Think about things. I’ll talk to you later this afternoon.”
“Where’re you going?”
“Back out to Scotchman’s Ridge to finish a painting of a wheat field I started two weeks ago. It’s the only thing that calms my nerves.”
“I’ll have some phone numbers by the time you get back.”
“Thanks, Sumner.” 
Niles returned to his house and gathered his materials—the half-finished canvas, easel and box of paints and brushes. He carried them to the driveway and placed them beside the car. When he looked up, he saw Stephanie emerge from behind a hedge, holding a pair of clippers. Their eyes met, and a chill enveloped him, causing that familiar feeling of desolation and paranoia. Looking down, he saw the canvas—the golden wheat field and brilliant sky. The colors and brushstrokes emboldened him. He opened the car door, loaded the equipment into the back seat, carefully placing the painting on top. After he backed onto the street, Niles searched along the row of hedges but didn’t see her. Where in the world did she go? Who cares? He hit the gas pedal and sped away.

	Alvin Mitchell climbed down from the tractor and pulled a white handkerchief from the back of his overalls. Lifting his Cleveland Indians ball cap, he wiped the sweat from his face and bald head. When he bent over to look at the carburetor, he heard the loud pop. He stood and looked across the undulating wheat field. A flock of crows, startled by the noise, swept toward him, cawing and flapping desperately. To Alvin, the shot didn’t sound like a large caliber gun. Maybe some kid with a leftover firecracker, he thought, knowing Independence Day had recently passed. Tilting his head, he listened, figuring the kid would set off a few more, but the only thing he heard was a car driving away.  That was odd. Very few people traveled on Scotchman Ridge Road. Standing on his tiptoes, he tried to see the vehicle but the contour of the hill blocked his view.
Twenty minutes later, after fiddling with the adjustments on the carburetor, he started the tractor. Following the path that rose and fell over a series of small hills, Alvin headed in the direction of the bang. At the top of the third hill he glanced down to where the road neared the field and saw the body. He cut the engine, jumped to the ground and scrambled down the hillside. The red-bearded man lay on his belly in a pool of blood next to a fallen easel. One hand gripped a small caliber pistol. The other hand rested on a large canvas, finger trailing a squiggle of black paint from a thick crow-like stroke in the sky. The farmer leaned over the canvas and studied the scrawl from the dead man’s finger. To Alvin, the quivering line almost looked like the word: THEO.




Detective Pearson showed Sumner the canvass. They stood in the shade of the front porch as the morning sun sent rays through the elm branches mottling the sidewalks and street with shadow and light.
“I’m convinced he committed suicide,” Pearson said.
The wrinkles in Sumner’s face deepened as he brooded over the statement. Finally Sumner responded, “I don’t think so. Niles would never do a thing like that.”
“Look here,” Pearson said, pointing to the scrawled letters. “I know a little bit about Van Gogh’s life. Theo was his beloved brother. This whole business of auctioning off the painting sent Bodkin off the deep end. You told me he was having illusions about being possessed by Van Gogh’s spirit, right?”
Sumner lowered his eyes. “Yes. That’s true.”
“After being rejected by Stephanie Crowley, Niles took his own gun, went back to the wheat field and shot himself in the chest just like his Van Gogh did.  His last act was to spell out THEO from the black stroke of the crow—the only person who ever took Vincent seriously. Niles Bodkin believed he was Vincent Van Gogh and felt compelled to kill himself.”
Sumner closed his eyes and shook his head. He didn’t buy it. Later that afternoon as he sipped a cold beer and watched a rerun of Columbo, he thought about the canvas, about the letters Niles had traced. Then it hit him—THEO! Niles didn’t live long enough to complete the last two letters of the name. He bolted to his feet, the beer spilling onto the carpet. Niles didn’t commit suicide, he thought. I know exactly who pulled the trigger.

THE END






















About the Author



Joe C. Ellis grew up in the Ohio Valley. A native of Martins Ferry, Ohio, he attended West Liberty State College in West Virginia and went on to earn his Master’s Degree in education from Muskingum College in New Concord, Ohio. He has been employed by Martins Ferry City Schools for the last thirty-five years where he currently teaches art and computer graphics at Martins Ferry High School. He also has been lay preaching for the Presbyterian Church U.S.A. for the last twenty-two years. He pastors two churches in the Martins Ferry area, the Scotch Ridge Presbyterian Church and the Colerain Presbyterian Church.
His writing career began in 2001 with the publication of his first novel, The Healing Place. In 2007 he began the Outer Banks Murder Series with the publication of Murder at Whalehead and in 2010 Murder at Hatteras. The popularity of this series continues to grow with his 2012 installment, Murder on the Outer Banks. The next novel in this series, Murder at Ocracoke, is scheduled for August of 2014
Joe credits family vacations on the Outer Banks with the inspiration for these stories. Joe and his wife, Judy, have three children and three grandsons.  Although the kids have flown the nest, they get together often and always make it a priority to vacation on the Outer Banks whenever possible. He comments, “It’s a place on the edge of the world, a place of great beauty and sometimes danger—the ideal setting for murder mysteries.” 
One of Joe’s passions is distance running. Murder on the Outer Banks opens with a 5K footrace in which an older man runs to victory against much younger competition. In the last several years Joe has posted 5k times and half marathon times at the national class level for his age group. Because running definitely keeps him younger physically and mentally, he enjoyed writing a novel with these themes as important threads in the plot. Joe hopes to continue to write stories set on the Outer Banks and run along its beaches for many years to come. 
His latest novel, The Old Man and the Marathon, was inspired and modeled after Ernest Hemingway’s The Old Man and the Sea. Joe would like to write a sequel to this novel called The Old Man and the Boston Marathon. Before he writes the book, though, he wants to qualify for the Boston Marathon and actually run it. In 2009 he ran the Pittsburgh Marathon and qualified for the Boston. However, time slipped by on him and he missed the cut off date to secure a spot in the race.
 If you enjoyed this collection of short stories, please let Joe know by emailing him at joecellis@comcast.net.

Show More 
Show Less 


Joe C. Ellis finishing the Pittsburgh Marathon – May 3, 2009











Novels by Joe C. Ellis

Ohio Valley Mystery Series:

The Healing Place    ISBN=978-0-9796655-1-6
The First Shall Be Last    ISBN=978-0-9796655-2-3
One Season of Our Lives    ISBN=978-0-9796655-5-4


The Outer Banks Murder Series:

Murder at Whalehead    ISBN=978-0-9796655-0-9 
Murder at Hatteras   ISBN=978-0-9796655-3-0
Murder on the Outer Banks   ISBN=978-0-9796655-4-7
Murder at Ocracoke (to be published in August of 2014)

All of the books are available in hardcopy or ebook versions for the Kindle or Nook. Murder on the Outer Banks is also available as an audiobook at Amazon.com and Audible.com




















 
