

HIGH TIDE

by

Ann Summerville

High Tide Copyright © 2010 Ann Summerville

Smashwords Edition published by Ann Summerville at Smashwords

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

Discover other titles by Ann Summerville at Smashwords.com
www.AnnSummerville.com 
www.cozyintexas.blogspot.com


This book is available in print.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Giovanna Matthews settles happily into the English west country village of Lowenna, but a storm is about to rock her world. Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle, a body drifts in with a high tide. Unconvinced the death is an accident, Gia leaves no pebble unturned while sleuthing her way around the village. Her delving further disrupts village life much to the distress of many villagers who want every rock to stay firmly in place. Meanwhile, her boyfriend, David, has an unwelcome visitor who threatens to unravel the bonds that tie him and Gia. Can Gia solve the mystery and encourage the visitor to leave before her anchor in the village is uprooted and she too is cast out to sea? 


Also by Ann Summerville
Storms & Secrets
The Berton Hotel

Lowenna Series:
A Graceful Death
High Tide
Gwinnel Gardens
Trouble at the Manor


Pecan Valley Series:
Grandmother’s Flower Garden
Birds in the Air


Children’s Books
A Home for Sam
Daisy’s Lost Brother


Chapter 1
Outside Lowenna Antiques, water rushed through the street like an angry dragon pummeling shop fronts and searching for places to conquer. Inside, two gray-haired ladies stood side by side peering over a window display of lavender chintz tea pots and rose-colored quilts. They watched the tide as it continued to rise, cascading over the harbor wall and forming a river that gushed through the village. 
From behind the shop counter, Giovanna Matthews (known as Gia to her friends) observed the two older ladies, their gesticulations no different from children with new toys. Along with the storm came dampness and oppression as if the rain filled clouds that blocked the afternoon sun were pushing down, trapping them between the waters swirling outside and the storm above. Across the street she could see a wall of sandbags stacked waist high in front of the shops. If the sandbags held, thought Gia, if the tide receded quickly, if the river didn’t overflow, their shop would be spared. But regardless of the outcome, the responsibility would be on her shoulders, not those of her two childlike friends. 
Gia removed the phone receiver from its cradle, and reassured there was still a dial tone, placed it back. Her hand hovered over the telephone, puzzled that it was working. She lifted it again slowly, shook her head, docked it and opened the cash register drawer.

Rose Lanner, the taller lady clothed in a blue floral-print dress, flinched when sea spray slammed the window. She turned toward the counter, her bright blue eyes contrasting dull unruly hair.
“Gia,” Rose said, crossing her arms in front of an ample waist. “I don’t know why you’re standing at the till. It’s not as if anyone can even get in the shop.” 
Gia closed the drawer and straightened a squeaky rack of anchor-shaped key rings. She looked over at the two ladies then glanced at three mops by the door - their shaggy heads not unlike Rose’s hair. 
Suddenly, wind whistled through ill fitting window frames. Although Lowenna Antiques would soon celebrate its first anniversary, only the shelves and paint were new. In inclement weather, the old shop, which had stood by the harbor for years, showed its age. 
Rose shivered. “Should we leave do you think?”  Her smile waned, her eyes darted toward the back door.
 “We need to be here in case the water gets over those sandbags and seeps in.” Gia inspected the floor for puddles. “If this weather keeps up, we won’t be taking much money this week,” said Gia, her sharp London accent contrasting the soft extended consonants of her West Country friends.  
She blinked. Her hazel eyes lit an otherwise pale face interrupted by a smattering of freckles across a small nose. Auburn shoulder length hair was pulled behind her ears, but they did little to anchor the waves and curls. She rolled up the sleeves of her denim shirt and glanced around the room as if seeing it for the first time. Except for the glass display case under a cash register, the shop was not unlike many parlors found in local cottages. A pine Welsh dresser displayed blue and white plates, cups, saucers and bowls. Lace tablecloths spilled from open drawers, bric-a-brac filled wall shelves. A small round oak table sat in the middle for entertaining customers with cups of tea and homemade cakes. Along with Rose’s husband, Paul Lanner, they had filled sandbags and stacked them outside the shop, but if water seeped in it could ruin everything. She gasped when another wave crested in the temporary river. There wasn’t much they could do now, but watch and hope. 
Susan Brea, a petite woman in her sixties, stepped down from a stool and limited her view through the shop window. Her graying bun bounced when her tiny feet hit the wooden floor. They made little sound in white Reebok tennis shoes. 
“The customers can get in through the back door, same as we did. Thank goodness this side of the street is higher. It’s exciting.” As her head bobbed, part of the knot teetering on top unraveled and a wispy tendril escaped. “We only get high tides every hundred years or so. Probably won’t see another in our lifetime.”
Rose shook her head and sighed. “We had one back in seventy-five.” She straightened her floral print dress with the palm of her hand. “Didn’t do much, but leave a soggy mess behind. The tide will be going out soon.” She looked at her watch. “Must have crested by now.”
Susan frowned. “Was it this high in seventy-five?  It’s the full moon that causes it - gravitational pull. Spring tides are produced by the sun and moon being in alignment you know.”
Gia nodded. “The moon was bright last night. At least it was before the storm hit.”
Susan continued. “When the moon is full it causes a magnetic—”
“You’ve been on that internet again, haven’t you?”  Rose placed her hands squarely on her hips causing the hem of her full dress to rise. “www nonsense.” She mumbled and turned toward Gia. 
“Did you leave your dogs inside?” Rose asked.
Gia nodded. “They’re probably huddled up in front of the fireplace.” She turned back toward the window. “Look, there’s a lifeboat!”
“In the street?”  Susan stepped back onto the stool. “Who would have thought it was deep enough for that?”  
“Another hour or so and the tide will be going out.” Gia’s body slumped, not unlike the soggy flag blowing across the street. “I expect the road will be a sorry mess when the water subsides.” She straightened a slightly skewed saucer. 
It wasn’t so much the storm that was concerning her, but the mess it would leave behind. Rose and Susan treated everything like a game, but it was Gia who shouldered the anvil of responsibility for their shop. Sometimes she shouldered that responsibility reluctantly. Her hand hovered over the phone momentarily, then she leaned her forearms on the counter and twisted her hands together. “There’ll probably be seaweed everywhere, and driftwood and—”
“We’ll soon get it sorted, Gia. This mood of yours isn’t only because of the weather is it?”  Rose moved away from the window. “Susan, why don’t you put the kettle on?  We could all do with a nice cup of tea.”
Without a word, Susan hopped off the stool. 
Rose watched her disappear into the kitchen and turned to Gia. “He’s only been gone a day. He’ll be back you know.”
Gia blinked, suddenly realizing that Rose was standing by the counter not two feet away from her. “What?” 
Rose raised her graying full eyebrows and slightly jerked her head. An expression that Gia had come to recognize as Rose’s way of showing irritation at a single word response. “David. He’ll be back. He’s only in Germany because of his job.”
“I know that,” snapped Gia. “But he said he’d call.” She glanced at the phone again.
Could it have been only a year since she arrived in Lowenna and David had become more than a childhood friend? Much more. 
“You’ve got to trust him, Gia. I know my son. He’s not like Alan.”
Gia growled low in her throat. She wanted to respond, but the words wouldn’t come. Instead, she watched Rose’s expression soften. Without the counter between them, she knew Rose would hold out her arms and she would rest her head on Rose’s shoulder feeling comfort in her ample body. But she couldn’t break down now and Gia remained behind the counter. With the water surging against the sandbags, she needed to be vigilant, strong. Pinching the bridge of her nose, Gia looked down and closed her eyes.
From the kitchen a kettle screeched and hissed. Cups and saucers chinked followed by Susan humming a high pitched and unrecognizable tune.
Gia sniffed and pulled out a handkerchief. “This place smells like damp wood.” Her voice faltered. She wiped her eye. 
Susan returned and slid a plate of sugar covered pastries on to the round table. “Smells more like lemon oil to me. I polished just yesterday. I found some Eccles cakes.” She pulled out a wooden armless chair and smoothed the black checkered table cloth. “Tea’s brewing. Do you want to be mum, Rose?”
Rose nodded, turning from the glass counter.
Susan picked up the jug. “That’s what Queen Victoria used to say. Does everyone want . . .” The overhead light flickered and went out. “. . . Milk?” 
“Damn it. What next?” Gia slammed her open palm on the table. I suppose I’ll have to look at the fuse box.”
Rose shook her head. “Don’t worry now, dear. Sit down. It’s not that dark in here, yet.” 
Placing her elbow on the table none too gently, Gia rested her forehead in her palm and took a deep breath. The duo continued fussing over mundane details and soon lightened Gia’s mood. Susan’s high pitched humming echoed in her ears.
 “I don’t know what to do about dinner,” Rose said. “Paul and I usually have fish and chips Saturday night, but I expect the chip shop is closed.”
“If they leave their door open, the fish will probably swim right in,” Gia chuckled.
Rose smiled and pulled off the red paisley quilted tea cozy and poured steaming liquid into each cup. 
Susan put down the milk jug and walked over to the candle display. “We can light one of these.” She brought the lilac colored candle to her nose and breathed in deeply. “I love hydrangeas.” She placed it on a saucer and struck a match, watching a golden flame flicker.
In the soft glow of candlelight Rose smiled. “Isn’t this nice.”
Gia bit into a cake and chewed, listening to the ticking clock fighting to be heard above rain driving hard against the window.
 “We used to call these squashed fly cakes,” Susan said cutting hers in half. Black currants spilled onto the plate mingled with flakes of pastry. 
Looking at the cake in her hand, Gia grimaced, put it down and pushed the plate away. Rain stopped pummeling the window and in a sudden lull, a cuckoo clock ticked louder. Ticking, ticking, ticking. 
“So,” said Susan. “When’s David coming back?”
Rose glared at Susan.
Breathing out in a whoosh, Gia brushed sugar from her upper lip. “I don’t know. He said he has to finish an audit, but he’s run into problems.”
“He’ll be home before you know it.” Rose smiled. “More tea?”
Another spray hit the window and caught their attention.
“What’s going on out there?”  Susan shouted as she scurried to the window and climbed once again onto the stool. “Rose. It’s someone in . . . somebody . . . in . . . in the water.”
“What?” Gia put down her cup and stood. Tea sloshed into the saucer. “Is it a man or a woman?” She gripped Rose’s hand. 
They stared at the inflated lifeboat and watched the volunteer team battling the waves. Something was bouncing around like an untethered buoy. 
“It looks like a man’s coat,” Susan said. “They’re too far away. They’ll never reach him.”
The small vessel rocked to and fro and lifeboat volunteers were pounded by rain above and waves below. 
“I can’t look.” Susan covered her eyes with her hand. “Have they got him?” she asked, peering through her fingers.
“No,” said Rose.  
One volunteer wearing a fluorescent orange life jacket leaned over the bow and extended a pole.
“How’s he going to get hold of him with an oar?” Rose was clearly puzzled.
“It’s not an oar. It’s got a hook on the end,” said Susan. “Like the fishermen use for big fish.”
“Why don’t they just jump in and get him,” Gia whispered. A cold shiver ran down her spine, her hands balled into tight fists. 
Rose rested an arm around Gia’s shoulder. “I don’t think they could swim in this current.”
“Look! He’s closer to the boat,” Susan bounced up and down, her shoes squeaking.
“Is he swimming?” Gia leaned her body over the window display flexing her numb fingers. “His face is in the water.”
“It’s hard to tell,” said Rose. 
Another wave jostled the boat away from the man.
“Maybe it’s a woman,” Susan offered.
“No. The coat looks brown, bulky. More like a man’s coat.” Rose leaned closer to the window, knocking over a chintz vase. “Could be tweed.” She straightened the vase.
Gia bit her lip. “The water’s a bit calmer. They better grab him quick before another wave comes.” 
The lifeguard made one more desperate attempt, extending his body over the boat side. His teammate gripped his fluorescent orange jacket.
“They’ve got him.” Rose clapped as they dragged the man over the side and into the lifeboat. “That looks like the coat Mr. Newlyn wears.”
“Surely it’s not Mary’s husband. Mary makes lovely squares at the knitting circle. They are always . . .” Susan paused and teetered on the stool. “Is he moving?”
 “I don’t know.” Gia clasped Rose’s hand again. 
“They don’t seem to be doing anything.” Rose frowned. “Should they be . . .don’t they usually . . . what about CPR?”
Silence filled the room as if the rain was no longer falling, as if the wind had dropped, as if the water had stopped churning.
Susan voiced what each of them was thinking. “He must be . . . dead.”


Chapter 2
 “What a mess the storm left behind Saturday night,” said Gia. “Smells awful. Thank goodness the church is on higher ground.” 
On a road near the church, Rose followed Gia and stepped around driftwood piles.  
“Rose, do you think the man they pulled out of the water was Joe Newlyn?” asked Gia.
“I talked to the milkman this morning. He said Mary Newlyn told him she hasn’t seen Joe since the storm Friday night and it certainly looked like his coat.” Rose grabbed Gia’s arm. “Mind the seaweed, dear.” 
Intermingled with the wood were long stems. Waxy leaves that had once swayed in the sea were dark and wilted.
“Poor Mary. She must be distraught.” Gia tucked her knitting bag under her arm. 
Her eyes moved from the flotsam built like beaver dams clumped indiscriminately across the street. She looked toward the sloping pathway ending at the church, a Norman structure abutting the village hall which was nestled in a copse of trees. Usually brilliant, windows of stained glass bible depictions were dulled by the reflection of gray. Morning mist hung around the bell tower and in the air, a low ceiling between the village and blue sky. 
To their left, by the shallow wading pool, a young boy flung a red fishing pole backwards and forwards. An older boy stood next to him. The float barely touched the surface before being launched airborne again. 
“There’s my neighbor’s youngster Jimmy,” said Rose.
Gia glanced toward the concrete pool where she’d played as a child and watched the two boys. One was a slender youth and the other a small boy who often took her dog, Daisy, for walks. Jimmy’s hair was spiked on one side of his head, the seat of his faded jeans torn and muddy. “Who’s that with him?”
“That’s his cousin, Chris,” said Rose. “He left school last summer. I’m not sure Chris is a good influence on a seven-year-old. I’ve heard he’s been getting into trouble. Vandalism, that kind of thing.”
“I hope Jimmy doesn’t fall in the water.”  
“It can’t be more than two feet deep, just enough to float the youngsters’ sailboats,” said Rose. “Didn’t you use to . . .”
Rose’s voice faded. Gia’s thoughts took her back to a childhood summer when the weather was warm and her friends David and Holly dove beneath frothy waves. Afraid of the ocean surf and undercurrents, she’d been lured into the cool waters of the miniature lake. They found her in the middle of the children’s pond with her skirt hiked up and avoiding near collisions with miniature watercraft. On days when she ventured onto the beach, she sat a safe distance from the water’s edge while David plunged in unafraid of the tumultuous sea. He hung around the lifeguard team when they practiced, and occasionally they took him out in the lifeboat with them. David still teased her about her fears, but she’d seen many a tourist struggling against the force of rip tides and wouldn’t venture out farther than a few feet. Who knew what lurked beneath?  The da-dum, da-dum, da-dum music from Jaws echoed in her ears when she got close to the water. Foam and sand around her ankles was plenty deep enough for her. 
Still watching her neighbor, Rose chuckled. “Unless there are some flying fish about he’s not likely to catch anything.” 
Jimmy turned toward a tree and yanked the float from its branches. 
“I’m not sure how many people will be at the knitting circle today,” said Rose.
An ocean breeze blew the smell of rotting seaweed toward them. 
“There’s Mrs. Trewellyn.” She mumbled through cupped fingers. 
Gia smiled at Iris Trewellyn, but her thoughts were back in another time. She wondered why the teasing had bothered her so much. Holly made fun of her all the time because she could ride neither a bicycle nor a horse, and Gia laughed along with her friend. Last year it was the topic of conversation when Holly talked her in to taking horses on the cliff pathway. “Conquering your fears,” Holly called the exercise. After hearing gunshots, Gia’s horse had spooked, a rein slipping from her hand, her riding hat falling over her eyes and the horse cantered under low hanging branches. Perhaps this summer she would conquer her fear of the sea – she’d given up on horses. 
Iris Trewellyn, who owned Trewellyn’s Grocery Store, waited by the village hall door. Iris was a tall, slim lady with straight snowy hair cut into a bob, framing her face and falling just below her ear lobes. She was dressed in a straight navy blue skirt and white sweater. Around her neck a cross dangled from a gold chain. 
“What a to do. How did your shop fare?” asked Iris.
“We didn’t have any damage, just piles of debris on the outside. Paul’s going by later and he’ll start hauling it away,” said Rose, gripping Gia’s hand.
“Best thing you ever did was marry a handyman.” said Iris. Her smile extenuated the tiny laughter lines fanning out from green eyes. “You were on your own far too long after Mr. Penrose died.”
Rose nodded. “He’s been a godsend. Good as gold is Paul.” She waved to the young Scottish clergyman wearing a dark suit and white dog collar.
“Come on in ladies.” He held open the heavy oak door.
Rose followed Iris and Gia through the opening. “Looks like the church escaped the high tide.” 
“Thanks be to God. The church and the vicarage are both on a hill.” He put his palms together and looked upward. “Praise the Lord. He knew what He was doing when He chose this site.”  
Susan Brea peered around the kitchen doorway. “Cup of tea, Vicar?”
Behind her a kettle whistled and voices gradually rose to a crescendo. 
“Thank you, no. I’m off to work on my sermon. Our village has a lot to be thankful for.”
Strolling to the circle of chairs Gia noticed ladies in groups of three or four leaning inward, chatting, comparing storm stories and sipping tea from lime colored cups. She wrinkled her nose. “Everything smells dank and musty,” she whispered to herself and placed her knitting bag on the toffee-colored wood floor.  
At the far end of the hall, a stage was bordered by red velvet curtains with patches of pink where the once luscious velvet was worn and threadbare. Above, heavy beams supported the roof, their rich dark wood contrasting lighter ceiling planks.
“I found this wool on sale at British Home Stores.” Iris pulled a strand of red wool from a ball. 
That started conversations about the best yarn to use:  Wool versus acrylic; double-knit or three-ply; ball or skein. Knitting was new to Gia and she tended to use whatever she found in Aunt Grace’s hall cupboard, which had a never ending supply of material, embroidery thread, and knitting supplies. After Aunt Grace’s death last year, Gia had moved into her cottage and inherited not only Aunt Grace’s home, and the contents, but also Aunt Grace’s friends and neighbors. She sometimes expected to find someone in the depths of the cupboard late at night stocking shelves like they did in the supermarket dairy case. Once the knitting bags were opened, conversations lessened. Metal needles collided like the clackety clack of wheels from a toy train hitting metal rails. Each lady worked on squares in various shades of red, blue and yellow. They knitted, they purled, they created cable patterns, moss stitch and lace-like designs.
“Who are we making this blanket for?” A blond woman looked toward Rose.
“Honeysuckle Retirement Home.” Rose lifted crimson and royal blue squares from a wicker basket. “I think we’ve probably got enough to start putting these together.”
“Mary Newlyn’s daughter told me her mother is thinking about going into the home.”
 “Surely she’s not old enough to go into the retirement home. Why, she can’t be any older than me,” said a lady who Gia was sure had received her hundred-year birthday card from the Queen.
“I don’t believe she’s even sixty yet,” mumbled Rose.
“Where’s Mrs. Newlyn?”  Another voice came from the circle. “It’s not like her to miss a meeting.”
  Didn’t you hear?”  Iris placed the knitting in her lap and leaned forward. “Her husband died in the storm.”
“Died?” asked the blond woman.
“We saw it all.” Susan’s voice was animated. “He drowned. The lifeboat was in the street. Right outside our shop. The volunteers fished him out.”
“What happened?” asked another lady.
“I heard he was bashed on the head,” said the policeman’s wife, Mrs. Jones. She narrowed one eye. The other eye looked large and white, the blue-gray iris barely visible. “Not before time I say. He’s upset a lot of people 
around here over the years. No wonder somebody finally did away with him. He . . .” 
Gia squinted, comparing the two eyes that were out of sync while the conversation around her rose as if someone were turning up the volume.
“He was a nasty man,” said another woman. 
“Saw him arguing with Tony Fenten at the Blue Anchor just last week.” Mrs. Jones looked directly at Gia. Both eyes were the same color, but one was brighter.
“I heard he sold Tony a car.” Susan nodded. “Never ran properly.” 
“Has anyone been over to see Mrs. Newlyn?”  Rose asked.
Susan continued. “Mary Newlyn’s probably counting her blessings.”
Mrs. Jones nodded. “She’s got her daughter staying with her. Pat’s not unlike her father. She’s . . .”
Iris stood, drawing Gia’s stare away from Mrs. Jones. “Ladies. This is no way to talk. Have you forgotten the sermon on the fruits of the spirit? Kindness, goodness . . .”
They watched Susan scribble in a small notebook.
While Iris admonished the ladies, Gia turned to Rose. “Do you think we should go and see her?”
“Let’s do that. We’ll go this afternoon and take her a shepherd’s pie.” 
“I haven’t touched the Victoria sponge cake you made for me. Shall I bring that?” Gia asked.
Rose nodded.
“. . . self-control.” Iris ended her mini-sermon.
Susan stuffed the notebook into her dress pocket and patted the pouch like it was a good dog.
The room grew quiet, but unperturbed by Iris’s speech, Mrs. Jones put down her knitting and wriggled in her seat. “My husband, P.C. Jones, said someone hit ‘im with a hammer.” With a self-satisfied nod she sat back and crossed her arms. One eye darted backwards and forwards observing the ladies, the other eye moved more slowly, the pupil disappearing behind her eyelid.
Rose nudged Gia, “It’s glass.”
“What?” 
Cupping her hand between her mouth and Gia’s ear, Rose whispered. “Mrs. Jones’s eye. It’s made of glass. Don’t you remember she wore that patch for a few months.”
Gia peered at the eye. 
“It pops out sometimes when she gets upset,” added Rose.
“A hammer mind you,” said Mrs. Jones her eyes darting in different directions. 
I wonder how P.C. Jones knew it was a hammer, Gia thought still mesmerized by the glass eye.

After lunch, Rose tapped on the side door of Gia’s cottage, carrying a basket with a shepherd’s pie, a beige cardigan draped on her arm. Smells of beef, carrots and mashed potatoes filled the tiny kitchen.
 “Rose. What do you think happened to Mr. Newlyn?”  Gia wrapped a towel around the hot casserole dish. “And how did he end up in the water?”  She placed it back in the basket before opening a glass canister full of bone shaped biscuits. 
“I don’t know, dear. He wasn’t much liked that’s for sure.” Rose removed her apron and wrapped the Aran cardigan around her shoulders before sliding onto a stool.
“Do you think he hit his head and then fell into the water?”
“It doesn’t really matter does it?  He’s gone and Mrs. Newlyn could probably do with some friends,” said Rose. 
Gia’s two dogs, neither of which resembled any canines in the Westminster Kennel Club, stared at the glass canister. Daisy’s brown eyes looked at Gia and then at Canute like a sprinter aware of the runner beside her. Canute sat on his haunches. His once dull black and merle coat now had a glossy sheen, a contrast to Daisy’s wiry, sandy colored hair. With his muscular body, Canute nudged Daisy and her terrier-like ears perked up like radar. Gia held a biscuit by her side and Daisy sprang up and snatched the dog biscuit before Canute could amble over. 
Rose slid a Victoria sponge cake into a tin and licked raspberry jam from her finger. “Is that your phone ringing, dear?”
Canute followed Gia to the phone in the living room. He sat expectantly on his black haunches until she held out another biscuit.
 “Hello, Mum.” She scratched behind Canute’s ear. “We’re fine.” Gia placed her hand over the mouth-piece and looked toward Rose, standing in the doorway. “She saw the flood on the news.” She released her hand. “Mr. Lanner helped us put sandbags near the shop . . . No. Houses near the river had the worst of it. It overflowed its banks . . .What? I thought you liked living in Florida . . . in the swimming pool? But you hate it here . . .tomorrow?”  
“Mum! Mum!” Gia stared at the now silent phone and breathed in deeply, letting the air out through pursed lips. Why couldn’t she have a normal mother? Someone like Rose who made cakes, hovered nearby and had arms built for hugging. A mother who understood what you were feeling without having to say the words.
“What was that all about?” asked Rose with concern.
“They found an alligator in the swimming pool so they’re moving. She’s calling me again tomorrow.”
“That’s not natural having a swimming pool in the back garden. Where would they grow their vegetables?” asked Rose. “Anyway, where’re they off to now?”  
Gia smiled at the image of her mother with a vegetable garden. They barely had flowers in window boxes when she was a child. She watched Rose’s expression change and knew she too was picturing Gia’s mother, the opinionated Felicity Matthews, with her flawless makeup and unnatural blond hair. Very few people could spend more than a few minutes listening to her. Conversations with her mother were pretty close to a monologue.
“I don’t know. She’ll probably change her mind again before it’s all over and done with. You know how my mother is.”
“Your mum’s . . .” Rose looked up and appeared to be searching for a word from her limited vocabulary. “. . . different.”
Gia smiled. “Yes. You could say that.”
“Your dad’s more like his sister. I still miss your aunt Gracie.” Rose looked around as if expecting her friend to appear.
“Me too.” Gia bit her lip. “Dad’s different when he’s not with mum. I used to love going for long walks with him when he came to pick me up at the end of the summer.” She looked out the window remembering her dad digging for crabs in rock pools with her. “I wish I could speak to him, but he hates talking on the phone, so I haven’t spoken to him much since they moved to Florida.” 
She wrapped her arms around Canute’s neck and pulled him close. Her throat tightened a little. The men in her life seemed to disappear frequently. She gazed at the shelf, at the pink card that had arrived with the morning’s post. A missing-you card that David mailed before he left. Maybe things would change. Perhaps they would stop leaving.
“Come on, Rose.” Gia released her grip around Canute’s neck, patted him on the head and looped her arm around Rose’s. “Let’s go and see how Mary Newlyn’s doing. I’ll worry about Mum and Dad later.”
Walking back through the kitchen, Gia passed the basket to Rose and picked up both the cake tin and ring of keys. They headed toward her green Volkswagen.
Rose maneuvered her body into the passenger seat, sat the basket in her lap and tugged at the seat belt. “These things are made for skinny people,” she grumbled.
“Do you know anything about Mary’s daughter?” Gia turned the key in the ignition.
“I’ve met Pat a couple of times, but she doesn’t seem to visit Mary much. She has two little girls and lives in Truro. No one knows who their father is.” Rose held the basket with one hand and gripped the door handle with the other. “She’s a bit high strung. Abrasive is Pat.” 
Gia crunched into gear and backed from the driveway. Wondering if Mary would even miss Joe, she recalled Mary’s slender wrists covered with patches of blue and green bruises. She remembered how timid and skittish Mary was, remembered that her eyes never looked directly at anyone, remembered they darted from side to side like a frightened mouse. Yes, she would probably miss him, but not as someone would miss a lover. Gia’s friend, Holly had compared Joe to Alan whom Gia was once engaged to. She knew she could have ended up like Mary. Men like Joe and Alan chipped away at each last bit of self assurance until they were totally dominant. Looking down at her white knuckles, she lessened her grip on the steering wheel surprised by the intensity with which memories rolled into her mind not unlike the gush of destructive tidal waters. Those memories were sparked by Mary’s ill treatment.”
They slowed down, reaching a dip in the road and slowly crossed a ford that still held water from the storm. After pulling through the slow moving water deep enough for wading, Gia’s thoughts returned to Alan.
Charm is a verb a friend once told her. Not a personality trait, but a choice. As relationships progressed, men like Joe and Alan, once charming, became controlling and their charisma was replaced with anger. It was gradual, much like lobsters that were plunged into warm water. They failed to notice the rising temperature - boiling water destroyed them. Gia wouldn’t make that mistake again - ever. She shivered. 
“Are you all right dear?”  Rose turned to face Gia. Rose’s teeth were clenched, her grip on the handle like a vice. “You were mumbling something.”
Her friend’s expression was comical and Gia smiled. She could hear Rose’s jaw clicking as she gritted her teeth. 
 “Watch out for the tree,” Rose shouted. “Mind the squirrel. Slow down. There’s— ”
“Rose!  I’m only doing twenty miles an hour.”
Her friend settled back in the seat, but didn’t release her grip. The duo drove on, followed the road by a swollen river, turning on to a puddled gravel driveway. Where the driveway ran out, and behind the house, the receding river had left a quagmire. A once pretty cottage garden, surrounded by a white picket fence, had been beaten by wind and rain and bloomless stalks were now flattened in clumps around the sodden grass. It reminded Gia of swampland and alligators. How had an alligator climbed into a swimming pool?  Her mother was so dramatic. 
They pulled in beside the house and watched a golden Labrador tug at a black plastic bag, gripping it tight in his teeth and backing down the driveway.
“Is that Mary’s dog?” Gia asked.
The dog, finding an area slick with mud, slid the burden to the street and was now bounding away with the bag, which was the size of a small bush.
“No. He lives down there.” Rose nodded toward a house painted the color of seagulls. The only lawn art was a wheel-less car covered in brown rust. 
“I bet that’s Norma Walker’s rubbish though,” Rose continued. “Why she puts it out two days before the dustmen get here I’ll never know.”
“They like to be called refuse collectors now,” Gia pointed out, watching the dog rip open the bag with his paw and nuzzle into the pile of rubbish.
“I hope Norma doesn’t have any chicken bones in there,” said Rose shaking her head.
A curtain twitched. A small woman with brown hair speckled with gray and wearing a full calf length skirt the color of raspberries, opened the front door.
“Rose. Gia. Come on in.” Mary turned toward the hallway and glanced at them over her shoulder beckoning them to follow. “Come on through.”
“It’s muddy out there,” said Rose.
“With the storm lasting two nights, the river overflowed, but thankfully didn’t quite get up to the house. I expect my vegetables have floated away though,” said Mary.
They followed her into a low-beamed parlor. Ashes glowed in the fireplace. Landscape paintings hung from an old fashioned picture rail around the room. The paintings with splashes of dark blue and green hues interrupted white uneven walls. The dark furniture gave the room a dismal appearance with only a glimmer of light shining through lace between damson colored damask curtains.
Gia looked closely at a picture. The scene was not unlike the real one outside Mary’s cottage. Even the temporary pond was similar. “A John Constable painting, isn’t it?”
“Yes, m’dear. The Hay Wain. Not real of course. Just a print.” Mary sat in a beige wing-backed chair with fabric depicting hunting dogs and red jacketed horsemen, chasing a frightened red fox. A tabby cat stretched out by the fireplace, his tail wrapped around his body.
“Come here Marmalade.” Mary cooed, tapping her leg. 
The cat looked away as if making a decision, then sauntered to Mary’s feet and rubbed against her ankles. He turned to face her, then pounced on her lap, curling his body in a crescent.
“Nothing is real.” A shrill voice came from the kitchen. 
“That’s my daughter Pat.” said Mary apologetically. “She’s helping the girls bake chocolate chip cookies.” Mary rubbed the purring cat.
They all looked toward the doorway leading into the kitchen where a tall, brown-haired, brown eyed woman stood. She wore jeans and her red sweater was flecked with flour as if she had just walked through a snow storm. With hands placed on her hips and a frown across her dark brow she continued. “Everything in this place is cheap. Not worth anything. Except the china.” Pat glanced over at the Welsh dresser and cobalt blue patterned plates.
“Pat.” Rose hesitated, then gave a weak smile. “We’re friends of your mother’s.”
Pat stared at her.
“From the knitting circle.” Gia offered.
Pat brushed a stray dark hair away from her face and smeared flour down her cheek. She lowered her gaze toward Gia. “Bit young to be hanging around with these old biddies ain’t you?”
Shifting uncomfortably, Gia ignored Pat and moved toward Mary. “How’re you doing?”
“How do you think she’s doing,” snapped Pat. “He left her without much of anything, and she won’t sell the cottage. You talk some sense into her.”
Mary spoke - her voice barely a whisper. “Look, Pat. They brought us a shepherd’s pie and sponge cake. Why don’t you put the kettle on?”
“Maybe you should give them some peanut brittle that you made,” said Pat with a sneer.
Mary looked at the window and Gia could see her jaw tense.
“Mummy, come and help us.” A child’s voice called from the kitchen.
“My grandchildren.” Mary smiled weakly. 
“Mummmmmy!”
“Why don’t you bring the girls in here?” asked Mary. 
Without acknowledging her mother had spoken, Pat huffed loudly then turned and disappeared into the kitchen. They heard her voice grow louder. 
Mary sighed. “She doesn’t have much patience with little ones.” She picked up a picture of two girls one in a pale pink dress and one in blue. Each had lace collars with frilled petticoats peaking from the hem. “Abbie was six last month. Kylie’s seven.” She pointed to the girl in pink. “This one’s Abbie and the other one is Kylie.” She placed the picture back, but continued to stare at it.
Rose sat on a stool in front of Mary. “Is there anything we can help you with?”  She grasped Mary’s hand.
“No, dear.” With an embroidered handkerchief, Mary wiped her nose. “Sorry. I seem to have caught a cold.”
“You weren’t out in that storm were you?” asked Rose.
“Well I . . .” Mary lowered her eyes and shifted in her seat. “The girls were here. I went . . . Joe was . . .”
“Mother! Where are the cake tins?”
“In the pantry,” Mary called out.
They heard the sound of metal crashing.
“Sounds like she found them.” Mary’s smile was weak. “Where was I?”
“You were talking about the storm.” Gia said.
Rose waved her hand. “Never mind about that. What about Pat?”
Mary turned toward Rose. “I’m not sure having her here is such a good idea, but she insists on staying.”
Gia wandered over to the Welsh dresser and looked through the glass door. She admired blue and white cups and saucers with a Chinese pattern.  She vaguely listened to the conversation and wondered why Mary had gone outdoors during the storm. The winds alone would have been hard for a woman her size to battle.
“Where’s Sarah?” asked Rose.
Mary’s sigh was audible. “In Italy.”
“Has anyone told her?”
Gia turned. “Who’s—?”
“Gia’s going to Italy. Aren’t you, dear?  Tell Mary about your holiday.”
“My friend Holly won a trip,” said Gia.. “We’re leaving next week. Ending up in Venice.” She glanced at Mary’s arm. “That’s a pretty bracelet, Mrs. Newlyn.”
Mary fingered the silver bracelet and rubbed the dangling heart between her fingers. “Sarah bought that for me. She got one for both of us before she left. Had them made special. Such a sweet girl. I do miss her—”
“So. Sarah’s your —? ”
“Mother!  Where are those pans?”  
A child screamed. 
“Don’t hit your sister,” Pat yelled.
Smells of charred chocolate chip cookies came from the kitchen and Rose stood. “We need to be going. Come on, Gia.” Rose leaned down and whispered in Mary’s ear. “We’ll come back, Mary. You call if you need anything. No need to get up. We’ll see ourselves out. By the way, everyone at the knitting circle sends their love.” With her hand on Gia’s back, she gently pushed her toward the door.
Rose and Gia heard a crash, and picturing bake ware on the kitchen floor, they left the cottage. By the car they watched the dog leave his pile of rubbish and amble toward them.
“Wave your keys or something!” said Rose. “That dog looks mean.”
Gia, who could never consider meanness in a face as friendly as a Labrador, waved her keys slightly, but also held out her other hand which the dog nuzzled. Rose crouched behind the open car door.
“You need to go home,” crooned Gia while rubbing his soft ears and picking off pieces of lettuce and coffee grounds from his muzzle. “Rose, pass me a dog biscuit.”
	“How d’you suppose I’m going to pull a dog biscuit out of thin air?” 
“Behind the seat. There’s a box.”
With a loud huff, Rose stuck her bottom in the air, rummaged in the car, then threw a biscuit to the end of the driveway. “There. That’s taken care of,” she said, rubbing her hands together as the dog caught the biscuit in his mouth and headed back to the rusty car.
Gia stared at the swollen river behind the house.
“Now what?” asked Rose.
“Did Joe have a boat?” 
“I don’t think so, but anyone could borrow a boat around here. Why?” 
“Do you think he was into smuggling?” Gia asked.
“Like what? Drugs or something? What’s with all the questions?”
“Because dead or alive, he either fell in the sea, or was pushed.”


Chapter 3
In the King William pub Holly swiped a towel across the wooden bar doing little to remove stains. “I can’t believe you were all stuck in Lowenna Antiques during the flood,” she said to Gia. 
Like the dart board in the corner, varnish on the bar was nicked and pock marked. Holly lifted an empty glass and placed it in a bowl of soapy water. Wiping her hands and long pink finger nails with a forest green bar towel, Holly gave the varnished wood another swipe.
“The sandbags held up, but the electricity went out,” said Gia.  
She swiveled on the bar stool and looked at her friend. Holly was one of those women you wanted to dislike. On anyone else the long sleek dark hair, almond shaped eyes, cupid bow lips, petite frame and perfectly rounded nails would exude arrogance and haughtiness, but Holly was firmly anchored on the ground and she shared her exuberance with everyone – it was contagious. Beyond a smoky haze in the pub, sunlight shone haphazardly through clear patches in the mullioned window.
“Did you hear about Mr. Newlyn?” Holly asked.
“We saw the lifeguards pull him out.” Gia leaned her elbows on the bar. “Right outside the shop.”
“I never did like Joe Newlyn. And I liked him even less, if that’s possible, after he tried to take your dog.” Holly set a glass in front of Gia and filled it with orange juice and tonic water.
 “I’d forgotten about that. The nerve of the man wanting Canute as a guard dog for his scrap yard.”
“That sweet dog?”
“But he wasn’t so sweet around Mr. Newlyn.” said Gia. “Canute nearly bit Joe’s hand when he tried to take him.” She sipped the orange juice, feeling tonic water bubbles burst in her mouth.
“Dogs have a sense about these things.” Holly emptied an ash tray disbursing smells of stale tobacco. “I know Joe Newlyn wasn’t very nice, but still—”
“That’s an understatement,” said a tall man. He put a pewter mug and red flighted dart down then slapped his palm, resembling a small ham, on the bar. “Another beer.”
Holly arched her dark brow. “Another beer?”
“We’re not in school.”
Holly held the mug in one hand and put the other on her hip. 
He sighed heavily. “Another beer Miss Mitchell please.”
“Your mother would be proud of you, Tony Fenten.” Holly pulled the pump handle and frothy amber liquid poured into the pewter tankard.
“You should have been a teacher, not a bar maid,” said Tony.
 “What were you saying about Mr. Newlyn?” asked Gia.
“I saw him Friday lunch time at the Blue Anchor.” Tony reached into his pocket, pulled out some change and dropped it on the bar. “He sold me a car last week – piece of junk. Didn’t run when I got it home so I told him what I thought of his . . .” He looked up at the ceiling. “. . . shall we say his business practices.”
“So. Did he tell you to take a hike?” asked Holly.
“Gave me a new car. Well, a newer one anyway. He only deals — dealt with used cars. Runs like a dream.”
“Old man Newlyn?  He gave you another car just like that?” Holly looked at Tony with an expression of disbelief.
“Well he didn’t exactly—”
“Hey Tony.” A voice came from the group huddled by the dart board. “You coming back?  It’s your turn. I can’t win if you’re not playing.”
Tony picked up the dart from the bar, sipped his beer and sauntered off toward the crowd.
“That’s strange.” Gia said. “Why would he give Tony another car?  That doesn’t sound like him.”
“I think he was scared. Paul Lanner said Tony had Mr. Newlyn pinned up against a wall,” said Holly.
“Did he hit him?” asked Gia.
“I don’t think so, but look at those arms. I wouldn’t want to mess with Tony.” 
They both looked toward the dartboard. From his short-sleeved t-shirt Tony’s muscles bulged. He turned toward them winked, then aimed the dart.
From the corner of her eye Gia saw the door open. Outside sounds leaked into the pub. A car backfired, a seagull screeched. Her eyes adjusted to the bright sunlight from the doorway and focused on the tall figure standing with one hand in his brown tweed jacket pocket. 
“Oh no!” she said. “There’s that Inspector.”
The door closed behind Detective Inspector Barrett with a thud. Gia watched him walk toward them. Her emotions were mixed. She had met the older man last year when her aunt died. He insisted that her aunt had committed suicide and proving otherwise had not been an easy task for Gia. Looking much the same as she remembered, he wore a white shirt under his jacket, but gray had spread and encroached on course dark brown hair. 
“Miss Matthews, this is an unexpected surprise.” He peered at her through gold rimmed glasses.
“What are you . . .” She paused and lowered her voice. “What brings you to Lowenna Detective Inspector Barrett?”
“Seems Mr. Newlyn did not drown accidentally.” He rocked on his feet. His face showed a look not unlike that of a used car salesman confident of a sale.
“Hit on the head wasn’t he?” asked Gia.
Holly leaned across the bar. “You’ve lived around here long enough to know how the grapevine works. We all knew it wasn’t an accident by Sunday morning.”
“So, where were you Friday night?” He took out a notebook and pencil and turned toward Gia while licking the pencil lead.
“At home with my dogs. I thought you had to look for a motive first?” asked Gia.
“In a village this size everyone has a motive. It doesn’t sound as if he was particularly liked.”
“You may want to start with those who do have a motive or are you planning to interview nearly eight hundred people?”
 He made a clucking sound with his tongue. “I can see . . . as usual, conversing with you is a lost cause.”
“I was at home too. Alone I’m sad to say.” Holly put down the wet towel. “I don’t even have a dog, or a cat for that matter. What can I get you?”
“Just a shandy. I’m on duty. I’ll be over there.” He pointed in the direction of the window and meandered his way to a small table.
“And I suppose. . .” Holly half filled a glass with ale. “. . . he wants me to just wander over there with his drink.” She topped up the glass with 7-Up. “I’m a barmaid not a waitress – men!”
 “He’s very important you know.” Gia laughed. “Or at least he keeps telling me he is.”
She watched the Inspector survey the room, his eyes pausing on Tony Fenten. In a room of casually dressed patrons, the Inspector didn’t blend in and the dart board crowd moved like a swarm away from him. Detective Inspector Barrett pocketed the notebook and jingled the keys in his pocket. The man was aggravating, but there was something about him that reminded Gia of a lost puppy.
“Anyway, why were you alone on Friday night?” asked Gia.
“I broke up with Mike.”
“Mike? Mr. Wright?”
Holly raised the palm of her hand. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Okay I won’t ask for now.”
“I’m serious. I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Summer’s coming. There will be plenty of tourists. Young men of a different nationality to keep you occupied. I’m sure you were bored with Mike because he’s English.”
“Speaking of which—”
“You’ve met someone else?  Already?”
“Yesterday. Stefan.” Holly shrugged. “He’s German. Works at the bank. Blond hair, blue eyes.”
“Don’t get too attached. You might meet someone else when we’re on holiday. I’ll be glad to get out of here for a while.” She looked over at the Inspector. “Sometimes this village can be claustrophobic. It won’t be long now ‘til we get away.”
“I bought a new dress in case we go to the opera in Venice or something.”
“Did you buy all new clothes?”
Holly was silent.
“You did. Didn’t you?”  
“I didn’t mean to spend so much.” Holly hesitated. “I got my credit card statement this week.” She pulled the statement from her pocket.
“Why are you carrying it around with you?” 
“Because I keep meaning to check it.”
Gia glanced at the balance. “Holly! Is this for one month?”
Her friend had not inherited the money-sense gene from her parents who ran a successful bed and breakfast establishment just outside the village. Put Holly in front of a boutique or clothing store and her credit card was pulled out so quickly Gia often wondered if the friction would start a fire.
“I don’t think it’s right,” said Holly with a look that said the statement balance was a secret she wished she’d kept to herself.
Gia leaned forward. “How will you ever get money for a new car?”
“Mine’s fine. It runs.” Holly stuffed the statement back in her pocket. 
“Only just. You can’t hardly see the color anymore because of all the scratches.”
“The country lanes are too narrow. I seem collide with hedges a lot. What about yours?”
  “I was thinking about getting something else too,” said Gia. “I need a vehicle that the dogs can be farther in the back so they won’t slobber all over my shoulder when I’m driving,” 
“Actually I went and looked at a Ford Focus last week,” said Holly.
 “Where were you looking?”
“At Joe Newlyn's place, but Terry Devoran was there and he didn’t seem very happy so I left.”
“I don’t know why everyone goes there. They all know he’s a crook.”
“Better the devil you know.”
Gia groaned. She had spent most of her life in the city and sometimes the way of life in small villages made her want to bang her head on the nearest wall.
“Anyway, what were you saying about Terry Devoran?  You said he wasn’t happy. Did you mean angry?” asked Gia. 
Holly nodded. “He said Joe owed him money for that fence he put up around his used car place.”
“What was that?” asked Detective Inspector Barrett.
“Detective. I was just bringing your drink.” With the tips of her fingers she slid the glass across the bar toward him.
“Devoran you said?”
“It was probably nothing,” said Holly.
“Let me be the judge of that.” He finished scribbling in his notebook, stuck the pencil behind his ear, grabbed his drink and sauntered off.
Gia groaned. “Great. He’ll be off chasing wild ducks again. Like I said - claustrophobic.”
Holly poured more orange juice and tonic water into Gia’s glass. “In all fairness he did take you seriously in the end after your aunt died.”
“Only after I figured out she was poisoned.”
“They’re just country bobbies, they don’t have much crime to deal with down here.”
“If they aren’t getting enough training, then they need to start watching CSI.”
“Lowenna’s hardly like Las Vegas, although we have our share of floozies,” said Holly.
“We went to see Mary Newlyn this afternoon.”
“Mary could hardly be described as a floozy.”
“No, but I was thinking of her daughter,” Gia said. 
“Which one?”
“Pat. Not that she could be described as a woman of the night, but there’s something about her. It’s her eyes. They’re scary. Like she’s looking right through you.”
“Ah Pat. The apple didn’t fall far from the Joe tree. She never got along with anyone. Pat was born when Mary Newlyn married Joe. She must be about twenty-four now.” 
Gia twisted the stem of her glass. “And Mary has another daughter?”
“Sarah?” Holly leaned forward. “Mrs. Newlyn was married before she met Joe. They had Sarah. She’s around thirty, close to our age.” 
“I didn’t know Mary Newlyn was married before.” Gia stared at the bottles reflected in a mirror behind the bar, then glanced back at Holly. “What happened to her first husband?”
“Albert Kerrow died. It was a car accident on the A30.” Holly looked down the bar. “Be right there,” she shouted then turned to Gia. “I need to see to these customers. Be back in a sec.”
Puzzled, Gia gazed around the room wrinkling her nose as smells of stale beer and cigarette smoke hit her nostrils. Small, dark, circular tables filled the room with equally dark wooden chairs around them. By the fireplace, made of local variegated stone the color of rusting iron, sat two moss colored armchairs, their arms worn and stained. A cool breeze blew through the curtainless open window. She shivered and rubbed the back of her neck.   
Holly tilted a beer glass and pulled the pump handle. “Gia. Are you all right?”
“Yeah. Just thinking.” She turned to face Holly. “Did our country bobbies investigate when Mr. Kerrow died?”
“It was an accident. It’s a busy road. Why would they investigate it? You’re always suspicious Gia. It was sad though. My mum and dad liked him. They said it was a shame he died. He was a really nice man. He helped people. Nothing like Joe Newlyn.”
“I bet it was difficult for Mary having a four year old daughter and no husband.”
“Albert left her a lot of land, but not much money as far as I could tell,” Holly said. “His dad, Albert Kerrow Senior, worked in the tin mines. I heard he did some of the more dangerous jobs, probably blasting, and made a lot of money. He bought that cottage and the land around it which was passed on to his son, Mary’s husband.”
“And Sarah’s in Italy?”
Holly nodded. “I heard she met someone while she was on holiday and ended up staying there. Her and Pat never got along.”
“Gia!”
She felt a hand on her shoulder. “Mr. Lanner. You must be coming up for a wedding anniversary.” She looked into the sparkling blue eyes of her neighbor’s portly husband. 
 He rubbed his balding head. “Yep. Me and Rose been married nigh on a year now.” 
“By the way those sandbags held up.” She sipped her drink. “Hardly any water seeped in.”
Without a word, Holly pulled down a pewter tankard and filled it with Guinness.
“What a mess in the street though. Going to take a lot of cleaning up.” He picked up the tankard, dropped money on the bar and moved away.
 “Are they going to stay in the cottage?” Holly asked, watching him retreat.
“I think so. He was living in a converted garage so he just moved in with Rose when they got married. They’re great neighbors.”
“Well, there’s hope for us yet. Maybe we’ll find some nice man when we’re in our sixties.” Holly put a glass on the shelf. “Speaking of nice men, when’s David coming back.”
“I’m not sure. You would think being an accountant he would have a boring job wouldn’t you?  He’s off doing some audit for a German company. I got a card, but I haven’t talked to him since he left.”
Holly winked. “He’ll call. He’s not like Alan you know.”
Gia groaned. “I know. I know. I know he’s not like Alan.” 
She swiveled around. She had nearly made a big mistake. Not only was Alan unfaithful, but he had been anxious to get the insurance money and property her aunt had left her when Aunt Grace died last year. But Alan had found someone else and left, taking with him her naiveté. Even the diamond ring he professed to be an heirloom had turned out to be cubic zirconia. Holly was right, she had become more suspicious. Self preservation comes on the heels of deception and unfaithfulness. She was no longer trusting and oblivious to the wiles of the unscrupulous, but David had never given her reason to doubt him. Even as children he had been like the older brother she never had. He took on the role of protector when they climbed cliffs and searched caves and was no different now they were older. Her brow furrowed. Was it past experiences that gave her an uneasy feeling or was it a premonition - the fabled women’s instinct?  No. She was being stupid worrying when there was nothing to worry about?
Holly interrupted her thoughts. “You don’t regret moving here do you?”
She glanced at Holly over her shoulder. “No. I couldn’t live in London again. I’ve got too used to living near the beach. The air is so much fresher here.” 
The man on a bar stool next to Gia lit a cigar and she coughed.
“Snakebite luv please,” he said. “That one’s mine.” He pointed to a row of hanging tankards.
“Coming right up, Tom,” said Holly combining cider and lager in the glass bottomed tankard engraved with his name. She pushed it toward him.
“Is one of those Joe’s?” asked Gia pointing to the row of mugs.
“No. His regular pub was the Blue Anchor. Didn’t see him in here very often. He gave me the creeps with those cold steel-blue eyes.”
Gia heard Holly’s charm bracelet jangle and thought of the heart on Mrs. Newlyn’s silver chain. “Sarah and her mum seem close. Don’t you think it’s strange that she left?”
Holly nodded. “It’s a shame she didn’t stay here. I wonder if anyone has told her about Joe.”
“I’m not sure. No one seems to know exactly where Sarah is.” She gathered up her bag. “Holly, I’m going to sit outside for a while. I need to write some notes for our next newsletter for the shop.”
“Okay. Here. Let me fill your glass up. I’ll call you later.”
Gia added money to the pile of change accumulating on the bar and climbed off the stool. Without counting it, Holly slid the coins into her open palm and dropped them into the cash register drawer. Picking up her drink, Gia pushed her way through the glossy-black unevenly painted door leading to a flagstone courtyard. Sitting on a bench, she spread her notes out on the wooden trestle table and grabbed a handful of small rocks from the nearby flower bed to anchor the papers. The breeze disturbed red climbing roses draped on a trellis and they released their sweet fragrance. She heard the sound of shoes clack clacking on the flag stones and across the courtyard. Stumbling, the woman fell against the bench. 
“Oops. Sorry.” The platinum blond jostled the table, spilling Gia’s glass.
“What the —?” Gia picked up the papers, shaking sticky orange liquid from them.
The woman burst into tears and smeared black mascara onto her cheeks. She looks like a badger, thought Gia as the woman’s dark brown eyes filled again with tears that spilled out into a stream sliding down her heavily made up face. The woman tugged the bottom of her short skirt colored in pink, white and lime-green swirls. It did little to cover her curves, and rolls of white flesh emerged between her skimpy top and tight skirt. She wiped her hand across Dolly-Parton hair, pulling it away from her face and revealing well worn lines and creases caked with make-up.
“Here, sit down.” Gia guided her on to the bench. 
“I only just heard.” said the woman.
“Heard what?” asked Gia.
“About my poor Joe.”
“Your Joe?”
“Joe Newlyn. We were . . .” The woman pulled a handkerchief from the voluminous gold bag and mopped at her eye. “We were friends.” She inspected the black smudges on the handkerchief corner and took a deep breath. Covering her nose with the grubby white linen, she blew. Sounds echoed like a ship’s fog horn. “Good friends. Know what I mean?”
Knowing what she meant, but not knowing what to say, Gia nodded.
“He . . . he was going to marry me,” sniffled the woman. 
“But he was already married.”
“He only married her for the house, but she would never sell it.” She sniffed, then smiled weakly. “No point in not being able to enjoy your money is there?   He was supposed to marry me years ago, but then Mary’s husband died and he married her instead. Put me in a bit of a predic  . . . pre . . .”
“Predicament?” Gia suggested. She stared at the woman, trying to remember how old Pat was. If what this woman said was true, he’d been having an affair for over twenty years.
Holly came through the door. “Ruby Harris, you need to go home. Looks like you’ve had enough to drink already. Come on. I’ll help you up.” Holly put her hands under Ruby’s jostling arms and hoisted her up. Ruby tottered on her high wedged heels, then staggered off toward the courtyard gate.
“What was that all about?” asked Gia.
“That woman’s trouble. I saw her through the window. I brought you another drink.”
“She said Joe Newlyn was going to marry her.”
“I heard they were an item years ago, but he wouldn’t have left Mary. Too much of a good thing,” said Holly. “He would have had to get a real job. She knew he wasn’t going to marry her. He told her so last week. She was a mess then too.”
Tony Fenten was right, thought Gia. There were plenty of people angry with Joe Newlyn. Detective Inspector Barrett was going to have a tough time trying to find the killer. There were an abundance of motives.
“Isn’t that your cousin Brian?”  Holly waved. “Hey, Brian. Over here.”
Gia watched the tall young man walk toward them. His confident gait was so different from a year ago when he was troubled and lonely. Once childhood friends, they had lost touch until the tragedy of their aunt’s death and his mother’s suicide had brought them back to the town they both loved as children. Beneficiaries of Aunt Grace’s estate, Gia lived in a cottage on the cliff top and Brian lived in a small dwelling on the beach in the next village. His hazel eyes, so like her own, sparkled. Holly hugged him and then returned to the pub.
“What have you been doing?”  He sat, picking up a wet note pad.
“I was going to work on the newsletter. We’re gearing up for a big sale next month.”
“What’s this about a competition?”
“We’ve asked for submissions of paintings that reflect Lowenna. We’ll use the picture on our newsletters.”
“What’s the prize?” asked Brain.
“I don’t know. We haven’t decided yet. I thought perhaps dinner at a restaurant or—”
They heard a high pitched voice. “Leggo of me, leggo.”
Brian stood. “P.C. Plod’s got hold of some bottle blond.”
“Don’t call Police Constable Jones that. He hates it.” Gia craned her neck. “That’s Ruby Harris. She’s the one who spilled my drink.”
“She was flirting with me the other night at the Blue Anchor.”
Gia shook her head. “She’s old enough to be your mother and she’s no Demi Moore.”
Brian laughed and slid onto the bench across from Gia.
It was good to see his face glowing. His childhood had been less than ideal. He’d told her the only happy times he’d had were the two years he spent with Aunt Grace. After that his mother had taken him home to live with her with whatever uncle she happened to be living with at the time. He spent the rest of his childhood in the Lake District - finally returning to Cornwall last year. 
“What are you doing while David’s away?” asked Brian.
“Not much of anything. I miss him. Does that sound silly when he’ll only be gone a couple of weeks?”
“Absence makes the heart grow fonder.” Brian winked. “Or so they say.”
“I thought they said out of sight out of mind.” She frowned. “Who are they anyway?”
Brian looked up at the sky, rolled his eyes and stood. “I’m going in to get a drink. Do you want anything?”
“No thanks. I’m going to clean up this mess and head for home.” With a deep sigh, she stacked the soggy papers in a pile. “I need to take Canute and Daisy for a walk. They were cooped up in the cottage all day yesterday. Do you want to go with me?”
“I’ll stop by in a little while. Are you going along the cliffs?”
She nodded as she put the papers into her bag and watched the sun slowly dip toward the horizon. “If it’s not too dark.”
 “I’ll bring fish and chips up. We can eat before we go.”
She smiled. “Great.”

She heard waves crash against the rocks, booming into the cave below. Across the road, behind Gia, sat her small white cottage with pale blue trim. Fading rays from the sun reflected from slate roof tiles. Gia sat for a moment on the grassy bank in front of her house and stared at the sea. The sun sat on the horizon like a red beach ball floating in the water. It was the same view from her living room window, but from the mossy grass carpet she enjoyed the feeling of the wind blowing and the sounds of the ocean roar. A roar like an angry sea monster. She closed her eyes and felt the wind whip around her, blowing her hair away from her face.
She thought of David and the crease lines by her eyes crinkled, imagining his dark brown eyes, square chin and olive complexion. She pictured his hand – the way small dark hairs below the knuckles raised up when his hand clutched hers. Why was it that when he was by her side she felt protected, safe, but when he was gone doubts crept in?  The coo of a pigeon startled her. It flew toward a ledge and landed.
Holly’s words echoed in her head. He’s not like Alan. She knew that was true. David was content with his life. He was easy going and with seemingly no hidden agenda. Alan came from a wealthy family, but his parents refused to give him any money unless he married before his fortieth birthday. She had been confused when he persisted in setting a wedding date at a time she was grieving for her aunt. Feeling lost and alone after losing Aunt Grace, her best friend, she had decided to accept his proposal only to find him in the arms of another woman. She hadn’t returned to London again after that day and was happy to be cocooned in the village that had welcomed her.
Gia heard a car door slam.
“How long have you been sitting here?”  Brian sat next to her and pulled his knees to his chest.
“Not long. Just watching the sun set.”
A cat crept low through the heather, hunched down. He stared at a chocolate wrapper as it moved with the wind. Slowly inching toward it he pounced, swatting the gold colored paper with his paw.
“Smokey, come here,” Gia crooned, holding out her hand. “It’s Jimmy’s cat. He likes to hunt for mice around here.”
“He’d probably like the fish and chips I’ve got in the car.” He absently picked up a handful of pebbles and threw one toward the cliffs startling the cat. “We can walk the dogs after we eat if we take them down the street. It will be too dark along the cliffs.”
“Don’t you have anyone you can spend a romantic evening with?”
“Well. There’s Ruby Harris.”
Gia groaned. Brian stood, held out his hand and helped her up.
“Come on. Dinner’s getting cold.”
Across the road she could hear barking. Canute and Daisy pushed through the gate as soon as she unlatched it and bounded toward her.
“Calm down.” She grabbed Daisy’s collar. The golden wiry hair sprouted from her terrier face.
Brian held Canute, stroking his muscular back and short black fur. “I can hardly hold him. How much does he weigh now?”
“I took him for a check-up last week. He weighs eighty-four pounds. A bit different from the straggly dog I found on the beach.”
Brian leaned down to scratch behind Canute’s ear and was rewarded with a fat, dusky-pink tongue swiped down Brian’s cheek.
Rose opened the side door and waved.
“Gia. David’s trying to reach you. Have you charged the battery thing in your mobile? He called me to see if you were all right.”
 “I thought it was. I don’t know why I bother though. Never can seem to get enough bars to make a connection. Is he going to call back?”
“He said he’ll try later. Brian, come on over.” Rose glanced down at the fish and chip bag. “I’ve got some butterfly cakes you can have for afters.”
Gia took the dogs into the house while Brian went over to Rose’s. She ran to the phone and pushed the play button and listened to messages as she set the table.
The first call was from her mother. “Darling. Just wanted to chat for a while. I’ll call back in the morning.”
She hoped her mother wouldn’t call before the sun came up. Felicity sometimes forgot the time in Florida was five hours earlier than in England. The second call was from David. She felt her stomach lurch like an unexpected dip on a rollercoaster ride as she listened to his husky voice. 
“I hate talking on these things. I should be home in about a fortnight. I miss you. I—” A long beep finished the call.
“Darn. Two weeks.”
She heard the back door slam. 
“Rose gave me bones for the dogs.” Brian stood in the doorway. “Are we eating in here? I love the view.” He looked out the picture window - the expanse of ocean uninterrupted.
“Brian. You live on the beach. How much more of a view can you get than that?”
“You seem happy.” He glanced toward the phone.
“A message from David.”
“Good.” He unwrapped the white fish and chip packages.
 “Oh Brian. I wish you and I hadn’t lost touch.”
“Water under the bridge, Gia. Water under the bridge. Life’s pretty good now for both of us don’t you think?”
Gia liberally sprinkled malt vinegar on both the fish and chips. With her fork, she separated a flake of white fish encased in golden batter and forgetting carbs, calories and trans fat, popped it into her mouth. The dogs chewed noisily on their bones.
She watched Brian eye the plate of small white cakes. The tops were sliced and halved, then pushed into the icing covered cakes, looking like butterfly wings splattered with rainbow sprinkles.
Canute’s loud, deep bark made her jump. She turned - puzzled.
“I think there’s someone at the door.” Brian said.
She stood and noticed a blue Ford Escort in front of the house. “Who could that be?”
In the kitchen she looked through the side door window. Her eyes were drawn to the beehive of blond hair.
She opened the door slightly. “Ruby?”
“Sorry to interrupt.”
Standing in front of the dogs, Gia stepped out and closed the door behind her. 
“What do you want now?” she asked trying not to sound as irritable as she felt. Why this woman needed to confide in her the sordid details of her life she failed to understand. 
Behind her Canute’s face appeared in the door window. His big paws, the size of a drink coaster, were planted on either side of his face.
Ruby took a step back. “It’s about Albert. Albert Kerrow. Mary’s first husband.”
“What does that have to do with me?”
“You’re a friend of Mary’s aren’t you?” 
Gia squinted, barely listening to Ruby’s droning voice. Her eyes followed the descent of a lone seagull gliding in the sky, then swooping low and finally disappearing below the cliff edge.
“. . . and now Joe’s gone. Well I just thought I should tell someone before I left.” 
Gia watched her climb behind the wheel and heard a grating sound.
Brian opened the door and stood behind her. “What was that all about?”
Canute pushed passed him and stopped at the end of the driveway. A loud, deep bark echoed.
“Another one of her tall tales I shouldn’t wonder.” 
“Do you think she needs help?” asked Brian.
They heard the engine grind, splutter, then stop. Ushering Canute back into the house, Brian stepped on to the driveway as Ruby climbed out of the car. She reached under the seat. 
“It’s okay.” Ruby yelled. “Just need to hit the engine.” She popped the bonnet and pulled a tool from under the seat then swung the hammer. They heard metal hitting metal. The car grunted. Ruby jumped in and the engine hiccupped. She revved the engine. Like a lion waking from a deep sleep it spluttered then roared. She yelled from the window. “I did love him you know.” 
They both watched her race down the street followed by a trail of black smoke.
“She could enter tossing the caber at the Highland games,” said Brian. “Did you see her swing that . . .”
“Hammer” Gia whispered as she watched curling smoke disperse.


Chapter 4
On Tuesday morning, Gia slipped from under the blue and yellow striped duvet and padded over to the window, wriggling her toes in the soft carpet. Each morning she opened the white slatted blinds and said a prayer of thanks, grateful for the life she now had. Grateful for the small cottage perched above Lowenna with an uninterrupted view of the sea, the friendships she had rekindled, her canine companions and most of all, grateful for David. In red ink, she crossed out Monday on the calendar by her bed. Two weeks David had said he would be away, but she hoped he would return earlier - at least before she left for Italy with Holly. 
From the kitchen Gia heard gurgling sounds. Blue Mountain coffee spluttered, wafting aromas from the Jamaican hilltops throughout the house. She had made few changes since her aunt died over a year ago, but the first additions had been an automatic coffee maker and cordless phone. Sunshine warmed the room and she punched the radio button listening to eighties music. She sang along with familiar lyrics, moving her body with the beat. Her mood was bright. She looked down at her two dogs stretching out their paws.  
 “This . . .” she said. “. . . is going to be a good day.” 
She pulled a brush through her hair and undocked her mobile phone. “I can feel it. David will call. He’ll tell me he’s coming home early and . . . and everything will be fine.” She crossed her arms in a self hug and nodded her head. “No more drama in my life.” Inhaling deeply she enjoyed the comforting smells of brewing coffee, and the sun’s warmth through the window. “We’ll drive down to the shop, then I’ll take you to the beach.” Both tails wagged. “We’ll run and run and run.” She jumped up and down as if using a jump rope.
The dogs watched her quizzically, heads slanted to one side, ears raised and their tails swishing at a slower pace. 

In the village, Daisy watched Canute sniff a barrel of apples and raise his leg. 
“No!  Not there.” Gia yanked him toward the lamp post. He pointed his nose toward the base and aimed at a rusty spot. Iris came out of Trewellyn’s carrying an armful of flowers. Mr. Trewellyn followed her with papers under one arm. He tipped his cap to Gia and turned to kiss his wife on the cheek. His Wellington boots were dull with sand and caked salt, but his homemade sweater was telephone box red and brightened his ruddy face.
	“Be back after my meeting,” he said and headed toward the Working Men’s Club. “We’ll find Daphne, don’t you worry,” he called over his shoulder.
	“Daphne?” asked Gia.
	“I’ll let him tell you the story,” said Iris as her husband crossed the street. “I’m just glad he’s found something to occupy him. The fishing hasn’t been that great lately.”
Gia watched John Trewellyn, but didn’t press Iris further. Daphne could be a long lost relative for all she knew and didn’t relish going into the family tree of the Trewellyns. She looked over toward the green.
“Iris. What’s going on over there?”  Gia gestured with her hand toward a crowd surrounding the stone World War II memorial. 
“It’s a committee they’ve set up to decide what to do about the missing plaque.” Iris placed dusky pink tulips and sunshine yellow daffodils in water-filled metal vases shelved in front of the shop window.
“The veterans’ World War II plaque?”
“Yes. Someone stole it last week. It was made of bronze.” 
“Why would someone do that?” asked Gia.
“Scrap metal. Prices have rocketed lately.”
“How awful.”
“My father-in-law had his name engraved on the plaque. His was the last name on there. Edward Trewellyn”
“Isn’t that Mrs. Jones over there?” asked Gia.
“Yes. She’s on the committee.” 
“Then she won’t be happy unless she finds out the person who stole it wasn’t Cornish.”
“You’re probably right there. She hates that Cornwall is part of England. Have you seen all the flags Rose and Susan put in the window?”
“Cornish Flags?” 
“English flags for Saint George’s Day next week,” said Iris.
At times Gia felt she was the older one of the group, not three decades younger. Susan and Rose never tired of finding something to celebrate. She left Iris and walked toward the harbor, stopping outside Lowenna Antiques. Small white flags with red crosses were scattered in the window. Unlike the Irish, the English rarely celebrated their patron saint’s day with relish and gusto. To her knowledge St. George was neither English nor had ever stepped foot on British soil. Now, if the Queen had been the one to slay a dragon, not Saint George, there would be street parties, bonfires and bunting hanging from eaves. But there were few dragons around Buckingham Palace or at least none that breathed fire.
Inside, Susan reached into a box and pulled out a blue willow pattern plate.
“Where did those come from?” Gia asked as she closed the door behind her. 
She stomped her feet on the mat leaving behind footprints of speckled sand. Canute sniffed the newspaper. Daisy flopped on the floor resting her head on outstretched paws. Her brown eyes darted backwards and forwards following Gia’s movements.
“Mary Newlyn’s daughter dropped them off. The weird one.” Susan turned the plate over. “It’s Spode. Look, it’s got the Royal Warrant seal on the back. Why don’t we put something about that in the newsletter? You know about these things, Gia. Don’t you?”
“That’s good idea,” said Rose. “What do you think Gia?” 
Gia nodded, remembering her dad teaching her about marks to look for on antiques. They had owned an antique shop in London, and she grew up entertaining herself with guessing the value of items displayed. The Royal Warrant was not a seal to be taken lightly. It was the Queen’s stamp of approval for goods or services supplied to the royal family for five years or more and didn’t transfer when a company was sold. If the ownership changed, or there was a new monarch, the company would need to apply for a new seal of approval. 
Rose maneuvered her body around the dresser. “It’s getting too crowded in here with all these crates.” She put her hand out to steady a plate on the dresser shelf and moved closer to the boxes. “I told Pat we would talk to you.” She turned toward Gia. “She said her mum wanted to sell them.”
“And . . .” Gia stood next to Rose. “. . . what do you think, Rose?”
“We should probably check with Mary. I don’t trust her daughter.” 
“She stood here and kept staring at the ceiling over there. I know we should have painted that spot. She kept looking at it I tell you.” Susan pointed toward the ceiling.
“It was like she was trying to remember something,” Rose said, grabbing Susan’s pointed hand. “You’re so dramatic Susan.”
“She was lying.” Gia glanced to the small brown patch that had seeped in before they had the roof repaired.
“Lying?” asked Rose.
“If she looked up to the left she would be trying to remember something. To the right means she’s lying.”
“Well I never,” said Rose.
“She’s scary,” said Susan shivering. “She stared at me. It’s like she stares at you, but doesn’t see anything. I hope she doesn’t come back. Do you think she killed her dad?  What if she comes back and I’m here by myself.”
“Susan you’re getting in a tizzy again,” said Rose. “You’re never here on your own and Gia will handle it.”
Gia picked up one of the blue and white plates and tried to distract Susan. “This picture tells a sad story doesn’t it?”
“It’s a poem and starts with two birds flying high,” said Rose
“That’s it. A Chinese vessel, sailing by,” added Susan. “Very romantic.”
“How is the story romantic?” asked Gia “Didn’t they end up—”
 “The Chinese girl fell in love . . .” said Susan catching her breath. “. . . with her father’s accountant and her father didn’t want her to marry him. They died and became doves.” She pointed to the birds above a blue willow tree.”
“Speaking of accountants, did you talk to David?” Rose asked.
Gia smiled. “We were disconnected. He left me a message though.”
“What’s this?”  Susan pulled a silver bracelet from the newspaper. A heart dangled from the chain.
“That looks like Mary’s.” Gia held out her hand. “Give it to me. I’ll take it back to her.” Susan dropped the bracelet into Gia’s palm. “I need to talk to her anyway.”

After walking the dogs and taking them home, Gia pulled into Mary’s driveway and noticed how still the air was compared to her previous visit. Her joyful mood had also stilled and been replaced with an uneasy feeling. The whitewashed cottage sat back from the road with a gravel path leading to the front door. She could hear the screech of seagulls flying in from the harbor.
Mary waved from between the net curtains in the window and then disappeared into the darkness. By the time Gia reached the front door Mary was standing on the threshold. Gia noticed how much younger Mary looked, how her countenance had changed, how her forehead was no longer furrowed. There was a sheen to her graying hair. It framed a face that was no longer sallowed. Her eyes sparkled. She wore an emerald green skirt with black swirls around the hem and dainty flat shoes. 
“Did you lose this?”  Gia held up the silver chain.
“Oh my.” Mary took the chain, clutched it in her hand and held it to her chest. “Where did you find it?”
Gia followed Mary into the house, noticing a sweet flowery scent. “It was in the box with your china.”
Mary sat in a wing back chair. “China?”  
“Pat brought it into the shop” Gia lowered herself on to a matching stool with the same hunt scene fabric.
They both stared at the Welsh dresser with one solitary blue plate left on the shelf.
Mary jumped up as if sprung from her seat. She opened the cupboard doors.  “My Spode dishes. What has she done?”
Gia shifted in her seat. “Mary, I’ll bring it all back.”
“No. Keep it for me. Can you?”  Mary sat down again. “I don’t want anything to happen to the china. My Albert bought those for me.”
Mary’s green eyes brimmed with unshed tears. Her forehead creased. “I was so relieved Pat said she was going home, but I should have known she was up to something. She said she was selling some stuff we had in Joe’s workshop, but I didn’t dream she’d take my best china.” Her shoulders slumped. 
Gia nibbled at a hang nail. She looked at the collection of family photographs. “Isn’t there anyone who can help you?”
Shaking her head Mary looked down. “No one. Both my family and Albert’s family stopped coming to see me after I married Joe. They didn’t approve.”
Gia didn’t think her family would approve of her marrying a used car salesman either. She was sure Joe liked it that way. Gia’s fiancé Alan had separated her gradually from friends and relatives too.
“What about Sarah?” Gia asked.
“I don’t know. She’s staying with a friend in Italy.”
“And you don’t know where?” 
Mary thought for a moment then bit her lip. “It’s Benezia, Fenizia. Something like that. I know it ends with an a.” Chewing on the inside of her cheek she stared at her daughter’s picture.
Gia groaned. An Italian town ending with an ‘a’ wasn’t much to go on. 
Mary rubbed her arm like she was trying to conjure up a genie. “Or maybe it was an ‘e’.”
Gia couldn’t think of any Italian places that didn’t end with a vowel. She tried a different approach. “Don’t you have any letters with a return address?”
“Just postcards.” Mary stood and lifted the seat cushion. She pulled out two postcards. 
Gia looked at the row of gondolas, wondering why the postcards were hidden. “Do you think she’s in Venice?”
“I don’t know. This one says Sienna.” She passed another postcard over and glanced at the front door. “Sarah had the most awful row with Joe. Pat caused most of the trouble between them.” She glanced at the door again.
“Mrs. Newlyn—”
“Call me Mary, dear. I never liked the name Newlyn.”
“Mary. If you have an address we could try and find Sarah when we go to Italy, but without anything to go on, it—”
“I know.” Mary lightly tugged at the hem of her skirt. She bowed her head and clasped the bracelet around her slender wrist.
Placing the post card on the coffee table Gia noticed a document written on legal paper. Mary followed her gaze and picked it up. 
“It’s the deed to the house. It’s Pat—”
Gia raised the palm of her hand and wondered again why people felt they had to divulge all their family secrets. She just wanted to help her find Sarah. 
“You don’t have to tell me, Mary.”
Mary slid the deed across the table, sat back and began wringing her hands together. “She wants me to sell the cottage.”
“Where would you go?” asked Gia, leaning forward. 
Within fifteen minutes the cheery person she had met at the door had changed into someone quite doleful. Each time Pat was mentioned Mary slumped deeper into the chair. She looked very much like the frightened fox in the hunt scene material she sat on.
 “I’d go to Honeysuckle Retirement Home.” A tear fell and plopped onto her thin hands as she clasped them together. “But I couldn’t take Marmalade with me.” 
The cat stretched out in a patch of sunlight, licking his paws and rubbing them methodically around each ear.
Gia got to her feet. “Mary . . .” Not knowing what to say she paused.
Mary took a deep breath and stood. “Don’t worry yourself. Off you go.” She guided Gia toward the door. It would be better if you weren’t here if Pat comes back.” 

Gia stared at the closed door and thought again how different her life would have been had she married Alan. Probably not much different from Mary’s. It was difficult to recover when you’ve been stripped of everything that makes you a person.
Behind the wheel of her car she looked back at the cottage. How could she help?  Was this why she was feeling unsettled?  Was she afraid for Mary?  A muffled sound caught her attention and she reached into her bag and pulled out the mobile phone. Its tinny tune sounded like a Caribbean steel band.
“Gia?”
“David?”  She held the phone close to her ear wanting to hear every word, to hear the sound of his husky voice, to hear his breathing. Her face flushed and she felt the heat spread to her décolletage.
“I miss you,” he whispered.
She closed her eyes sensing his lips close to the phone as if the two of them were alone, snuggled close.  “I—” Her voice echoed. “David.” She shook the phone. “David!”  It was no use he was gone. 
She stared at the words Lost Connection. “Darn.” She hit the steering wheel with the palm of her left hand, then wilted in the seat like an unwatered flower. Through the windscreen she watched birds drink from puddles in the driveway. She gripped the phone, willing him to come back. To call again. She felt a vibration, the metallic noise loud. 
“David?”
“No, Gia. It’s Rose. David called the shop and said he was cut off. Are you coming back?”
“What did he say?” she asked.
“He’ll try and call you again later.” Rose said. “He was on his way to see a client.”
 “I’ll be there . . . I’ll be there in a minute Rose. I’m just leaving Mary’s house.”

Gia stirred the milky liquid and raised the cup of Earl Grey tea to her lips, savoring the fragrant aroma. She preferred her tea without milk, but couldn’t always stop the customary pouring from the milk jug by either Susan or Rose.
“Haven’t had many customers today,” said Rose opening the weekly West Country newspaper. “What did you find out?”
“Mary doesn’t want to sell her china. I told her we’d store it here until we got things sorted out. I must say I’m not too comfortable about confronting Pat.”
“She’s . . . coming . . . back?” Susan wrapped a saucer in newspaper and gripped it tightly to her chest. “What are we going to do?  What are we going to say to Pat?  What are we going to tell her?”  
“There she goes in a tis-was again,” said Rose. “Susan!  Calm down. I told you Gia will handle it.”
Gia shook her head and pulled at her thumb quick. “Just stall her. Tell her we’re getting it appraised or something.”
Rose glanced at her and frowned.
“Okay. I’ll talk to her,” said Gia.
Susan looked visibly relieved and went back to wrapping and packing place settings into a box.
Rose pushed a plate across the table. “Have a cake, Gia and for goodness sake trim your nails. They’re a mess.”
Gia looked down at the chipped nail polish and jagged nails. Rose was right. She needed to work on her appearance. Although the pace was slower in Lowenna than in London, the ocean winds seemed to pick up the hours and whisk them out to sea. She looked at the cake and pushed it back toward Rose.
“No thanks. I’m doing a low carb diet.” From her bag Gia pulled out a small aluminum foil package, opened it and bit into a slice of cheese. “My jeans are getting tight again. I can hardly sit down.”
Rose shook her head and lowered the newspaper she was reading. “Don’t sound natural to me just eating meat and cheese.” She smoothed the skirt of her dress scattered with pansies. “Why don’t you wear a dress?”
“I’d look a sight chasing the dogs on the beach wouldn’t I?”  She took another bite of the cheese.
“You’ll get constipated.” Susan’s bun moved and long marcasite ear-rings swayed as she bobbed her head. “What’s in the paper this week, Rose?” she asked.
Rose skimmed the articles. “At the vicar’s garden party in Par they had a guess the weight of the vicar competition.”
“I wonder how much our vicar weighs.” Susan said.
Rose ignored her and continued reading. “Those up country folks,” she chuckled. “Says here a couple from Manchester were camping in a field and couldn’t sleep because of the noise.”
“I would think it would be a lot quieter here than in Manchester. There are always lorries and cars driving around in the middle of the night there,” said Susan who had never been farther than Plymouth.
“They knocked on the farmer’s door.” Rose continued. “At three o’clock in the morning mind you. And asked the farmer to move his sheep because the farm animals were too noisy.”
Susan snickered. “What did the farmer say?”
“He asked them if they went out and stopped the traffic at three o’clock in the morning when they were at home in Manchester.”
“Makes no sense,” said Susan. “They come down here to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city and then complain about everything that’s different.”
“Not everyone does,” commented Gia. 
“Well it’s different with you,” Susan said. “You practically grew up here. We hardly notice that you speak different now.” 
Susan was right. Most people in the village had accepted her and were very much like an extended family. Gia felt more content than she ever had. If only David would come home. 
“Rose. Turn to page eleven,” said Susan. “The classifieds. See if there are any mopeds for sale.”
“Why in the world would you want to know if there are any mopeds for sale?” asked Rose.
“I thought I’d get one.” said Susan shrugging her shoulders.
Rose and Gia exchanged glances.
“Don’t look like that,” said Susan. “I used to ride a bicycle. It can’t be much different and I don’t have to go up any hills or anything. I’d just use it around the village.” 
Gia was tempted to make a comment, but turned her head and chewed her bottom lip while trying to suppress a grin. A year ago Susan had been timid and unsure of herself. She’d lived with her parents, never married and never been on her own until their death a few years ago. Now in her sixties, she had learned to drive, was a partner at Lowenna Antiques and had joined the amateur theatrical society. 
Rose opened her mouth, but Gia jumped in before she could put a damper on Susan’s newest escapade.
“Are there any auctions listed?” Gia asked, nodding toward the newspaper. “We need to look out for more replacement china to add to the web site.”
“Here’s one in Truro,” said Rose. “They have them every other Thursday. Do you want to go and see if there are any lots worth bidding on, Gia?”
“Will they deliver anything I bid on to the shop do you think?  Susan, can you write it on our calendar?”  
Susan nodded and walked behind the counter, pulling out a pen that was lodged in her bun and looking for the calendar. 
“See if you can arrange a visit to the auction, dear. They may be able to deliver it next week while you’re in Italy,” said Rose. “There goes John Trewellyn. They’ve set up a committee to look for Daphne.”
	“I heard she may be in Canada,” said Susan. “How do you think she got there?”
“People emigrate all the time,” said Gia. 
	“She should have stayed here,” said Susan. “This is where she belongs – up at the museum.”
	“Why the museum?” asked Gia. 
	“That’s where she belongs. I just said that,” Susan said.
Shuffling papers on the table, Gia studied the newsletter. Daphne could have worked at the museum before she left, but she couldn’t remember anyone by that name. She would ask John Trewellyn next time she saw him.
“I’m nearly finished with the newsletter,” said Gia. “I’ll see if we can get it on the web site by the end of the week and I’ll get some printed to hand out. I just need to add what we’re giving as a prize. I thought perhaps a dinner somewhere?”
“What about dinner for two at the Roskyn Hotel?  We can see if they’ll give us a discount,” said Rose.
“That’s a good idea.”
Ringing interrupted her thoughts. Gia reached for the phone. 
“Gia.” Her mother’s voice was shrill, excited. “We’re moving back.”
“Back where, mother?”
“Well not to London. Too smoky. Bad air. All those fumes.”
“I thought you liked it in Florida?” asked Gia.
“I did . . . we did. It was the alligator. When we found it in the swimming pool I told your dad that was it. And the weather here . . . well it’s nice now, but it will be humid in the summer.”
“So where are you going?”
“I thought . . . Your dad thought we should be with you. After all you’re all alone there . . .”
Gia looked at her two friends. She’d never been less alone in her life.
“We’ve talked to an estate agent in Redruth and I have a list of houses I want you to go and look at for me . . . us,” said Felicity Matthews. 
“Here?”  Gia closed her eyes and groaned. “You want to move to Cornwall?”
“Check your e-mail sweetheart, I’m sending it to you now. I can’t chat at the moment. I’ll talk to you tomorrow after you’ve looked at them. There are about eight I think, or maybe nine.”
Gia heard a click and stared at the phone. As if she didn’t have enough to do.
“How is your mum, dear?” asked Susan.
Rose shook her head, watching Gia bite her bottom lip again. “Moving back isn’t she?”
“Yes.” Gia studied her fingers and tugged at the quick of her thumbnail. “But not to London.”
“Then where?” Rose wanted to know.
“Here.” Gia looked up and released air from her lungs, feeling dizzy as she realized she’d been holding her breath.
“Nice,” said Susan. “I lived with my parents until they up and died.”
This was something Gia hadn’t thought of and she held her breath again. What if things didn’t work out for them to move into a house straight away and her parents moved in with her? 
“Gia,” Rose slammed her palm on the table. Susan jumped and Gia blinked rapidly as if noticing for the first time she was not alone. “For heaven’s sake stop holding your breath, your cheeks are all red.”
Susan turned her head and her vision stopped at the boxes with newspaper spilling from the top. “Gia, did you ever talk to Pat?”
“No. She hasn’t been back.”
“Well when she does—”
“Speak of the devil,” said Rose. “There she is.”
All three looked toward the window.
“What are we going to do? What are we going to do?” chanted Susan, her eyes wild, her body shaking.
Susan reached into the pocket of her dress, glanced at her notebook, and mumbled rapidly. She looked upward and finished her rambling. “Patience,” she said standing to her full height of five foot one. 
“Just tell her we need to get the Spode looked at by a professional,” said Gia, turning to the open door. “Hello Pat. How are you?”
Pat nodded toward the box. “Do you want that junk or not?” 
Gia watched her stumble to the box. “Pat. If you would like—”
Pat glared at her. Even though the shop was dimly lit, Gia could see Pat’s pupils were like pinpoints.
They all watched Pat gaze to the right and look at the brown spot on the ceiling.
“Mum wants to sell all of it.”
Susan bit her lip and nodded. Gia half expected her to come right out and confront Pat with the lie.
“No need to be snippy Pat,” said Rose.
Pat tossed her head and looked at Susan who visibly shrank. 
“Well,” stammered Susan. “We need to . . . we need to get—”
“What she’s trying to say,” offered Gia. “Is that we need to get them valued.” 
“Well I— that is mum, wanted to sell them quickly.”
“Can we call you once we get the collection appraised?” asked Gia. “You’ll probably get a better price if we know how much they’re worth.”
Susan closed the box and stood in front of it, peeping around Gia. “You do want a fair price don’t you?”  
Pat huffed loudly. “I’ll be back,” she said pivoting on her heel and heading toward the door.
Susan frowned. “Rose. Rose what is it?” 
Rose stared at the window, her eyes open wide. “Uh oh!” She rubbed her palm against the full skirt of her dress. 
They all followed her gaze toward the door as Pat left, and a young woman wearing a knee length tailored black skirt, a blouse the color of dark cherries and high-heeled shoes to match walked in. She raised her head in a haughty manner and shook her curly blond, shoulder length hair. Without a smile, her eyes rested on Rose. “Are you Mrs. Penrose?”
“Yes. No.” Rose wiped her hand over her flushed cheek.
“She’s Mrs. Lanner now.” Susan offered still peering around Gia.
“I’m looking for David Penrose,” said the woman. She raised her left arm and shook her wrist. Heavy gold bracelets clinked together.
Gia’s mouth went dry, her shoulders tensed and she desperately needed to run to the toilette. Instead, with a bravado she did not feel, she placed her hands on her hips and moved in front of the woman who might have stepped from the cover of a glamour magazine. She opened her mouth to speak, but nothing came out. She licked her lips and swallowed.
“And you are?” Gia asked with a trembling voice.
“His fiancée.” 

Chapter 5
Sitting on the toilet lid with a wet cloth pressed to her forehead, Gia heard Rose usher the woman from the shop with promises to give David a message. She felt the sharp prickle of tears and blinked rapidly. Throwing the cloth into the sink, she kneaded her forehead and listened to Susan and Rose muttering.
“Gia, she’s gone,” called Rose. “Come on out.”
Her reflection in the mirror was a sharp contrast to the impeccable make-up of the woman professing to be David’s fiancée. The red flush of embarrassment and anger flooded her cheeks and continued down her neck. Gia splashed cold water on her face and then swiped with a freshly laundered towel, leaving behind purple flecks.
“Well I never—” Susan scratched her head and patted the pocket on her dress. “What was that all about?”
Both Rose and Susan stared at Gia. All her bravado had been wiped away and she was as limp as the towel she held in her hand. She turned to Rose and whispered. “Did you know about this?”
“I—”  Rose looked down. “I don’t think they were actually engaged.”
“Joy, peace.” Susan muttered, still patting her dress pocket.
“Who is she?” Gia wailed. A single tear rolled down her cheek. She lowered her voice and swiped her face with the back of her hand. “Rose who was that?”  
Rose looked at Susan. 
“Kindness . . . goodness.” Susan continued going through the fruits of the spirit bible verse.
Rose moved her eyes rapidly between Susan and the kitchen. 
“I know,” said Susan. “Go and put the kettle on.” Susan looked at her two friends and with a loud huff sauntered into the kitchen.
“Let’s sit down.” Rose pulled out a chair. “I’d never met her before.” 
Gia rested her head in the palm of her hand. “Rose. It was obvious you recognized her.”
“From a picture.”
“A picture?” asked Gia.
“It was a long time ago when David lived in Exeter.” She frowned. “I went to visit him and saw Tiffany’s picture.” She sat back in the chair. “David moved back here when they broke up.”
“Tiffany?” What did this mean? Would David want that woman back?
“Gia. He knew he’d made a mistake,” Rose said.
“A mistake leaving her or a mistake being with her in the first place?”
“You know he loves you.” Rose stretched out her hand, resting it on Gia’s arm. “He does you know. He’s not —”
Gia leaned back. Rose’s arm fell limply to her side. “If one more person says he’s not like Alan I’ll scream.” 
“She wasn’t wearing a ring.”
“Well, neither am I.” Gia jumped up. “I need to get out of here.” She shrugged into her jacket.
“Tea’s up.” Susan stood in the doorway holding a tray. “Where’s she . . .” The door slammed behind Gia with a thud. “. . . going?”

Outside her cottage, the Volkswagen skidded to a stop. She grabbed blue and pink leashes from behind the pantry door. 
“Come on. We’re going for another walk.” 
Daisy’s ears pricked up. Her wiry sandy tail slapped Canute’s face.
Bending down she hugged the dogs. “At least I know where your loyalties lie.” She slipped a blue harness over Canute’s head and fastened it around his middle, then fastened Daisy’s.
The trio headed down the hill toward the beach. Mist still lingered, hanging like a veil around the rocks and muffling the sound of waves pounding the shingle. She released the dogs on to the empty beach and ran along the shore after them, feeling the water-logged sand beneath her feet. Breathless, she stopped by the rock face where wading pools had been left behind when the sea retreated. Bending over, her palms on her legs, she inhaled deeply and embraced the stinging, brisk salt air in her lungs. She stretched her back, rounding her shoulders and feeling the knots loosen and untangle. This couldn’t be happening again. What was it with men and blonds?  Reaching down, she picked up a piece of driftwood, throwing it hard toward the shore. She watched Canute chase after the water battered tree branch as Daisy sat by her foot swishing the ground with her tail like a broom sweeping the sand.
“Gia?”  A voice came from behind a rock.
She sighed deeply. So much for being alone. 
Paul Lanner walked toward her. He gently placed an armful of driftwood on the sand. “I was collecting wood for the fire. It burns great once it’s dried. I thought you were helping out at the shop?”  
“I was until . . .” Her throat constricted and she stumbled over her words feeling the muscles tighten again in her shoulders. “Until she … the woman … David’s—”
“Come and sit down.” He guided her toward a patch of dry sand, pulling off his cap. He was dressed in ill-fitting jeans draped over brown Doc Marten boots. Paul was a stereotypical jolly man with a rounded body and head as bald as a beach ball.
Canute ran toward Gia. She picked up another stick and threw it, hard. Canute bounded off.
“What’s going on?”  Paul said. “This isn’t like you.” He reached over and brushed purple lint from her cheek. 
She sat next to him and pulled her knees to her chest. “Someone came into the shop.”
“Isn’t that the idea of having a shop?”
“She said she was David’s fiancée.”
“To my knowledge he hasn’t ever had a fiancée.” He tossed a shell into a rock pool. “He did have a long term girlfriend at one time.”
She let out air through pursed lips and watched a tanker ship travel, like a target in a shooting gallery, slowly along the horizon.
“David’s long term relationships were never more than three months though.” He chuckled. “Anyway, what does it matter now?”
Gia silently watched the water ebb and flow. Of course it mattered, she thought. The sea receded, as if sucked into a giant straw, then rose and crashed on the sand. Like the unpredictable waves, her world, her world with David, could come crashing down at any moment and talking to Paul who was now happily settled into married life would not help. 
“That’s not all that’s bothering you is it?” asked Paul.
Grateful to change the subject, she tried to push thoughts of David from her mind and shook her head. “Mary Newlyn.”
He threw a rock and listened to it plop into the water, leaving behind rings on the surface. “What about her?”  
“I feel sorry for her.” She faced Paul. “I could so easily have been in a similar situation. He treated her so badly.”
“With Alan?”  he asked. “But you got out of it and now—”
“Now I have David.”  She lowered her head and sifted sand through her fingers. “But do I?”
Paul looked at her. “I don’t know what to say to make you see things different.”
A crab scurried along the pool edge. Sea anemones drifted with the swirling circles.
“I know I’m being silly,” said Gia. “I’ll feel better when I talk to him.” Canute leaned over and she felt his hot breath on her arm. A flock of seagulls pecked at sea creatures submerged in the sand. Daisy ran toward them. “What do you think happened to Joe Newlyn?” Gia asked as a loud raucous sound came from the beach when the gulls dispersed.
“He had plenty of enemies that’s for sure.”
“But it had to be someone who could swing something hard enough to kill him.”
“Anger can give someone a lot of strength.”
“What do you mean?”
“Maybe . . .” Paul rubbed the stubble on his chin.  “Maybe Mary had enough.”
“How could she have moved him?  She’s not very big.”
“If it happened near the river he may have fallen in and with the river overflowing combined with the high tide.” He raised his eyebrows.
“No. Surely not.” Gia frowned, trying to picture Mary moving a man nearly a foot taller than she.
“I was just thinking out loud. Don’t mind me.” Paul leaned closer. “No one would blame her if she did,” he whispered.
“What about her daughter?”
“Pat?  Into drugs I wouldn’t wonder. She’s always been a bit wild. She was still a teenager when she had the girls. One straight after the other.”
Gia thought about Pat. Her eyes hadn’t looked natural when she came into the shop.
“Drugs would make someone do crazy things,” said Paul.
“It would.” She nodded. “It would.”
Paul released the pebbles from his hand and they splattered on to the sand. “This has nothing to do with you, Gia. You should let that detective take care of it. You may be opening up a can of maggots.” He stood. “I need to get back to work. Don’t let what happened this morning worry you. Whatever that woman is telling you can’t be true. I’m sure David has never been engaged. Anyway, there are other things you need to worry about.” He nodded toward the shore. 
Canute tugged at a long piece of seaweed and shook his head, fighting the plant. Gia groaned. “Oh no!  He’ll smell awful.” She laughed. “Rose was lucky to find you.”
Paul grinned. “Who said she was the one that did the finding?”

Outside the Seahorse Café, Gia sat in a verdigris chair watching red, green and midnight blue colored boats bob against the harbor wall. Daisy and Canute spread their front legs out, collapsed and panted.
Gia spoke to the waitress. “Just coffee please.” She ran her hands through Canute’s gray and black merle coat and pulled off clumps of wet sand. Hearing a cough she turned as the café door closed. “Detective Inspector Barrett!”
“Mind if I join you?” he asked.
“Sure,” she said without much enthusiasm. “How’s the investigation going?”
The waitress brought out coffee for both of them.
The detective’s blue eyes were magnified through gold rimmed glasses. “People around here don’t volunteer much information.”  
“They’re protective. Like a big family,” Gia said.
“Well there’s enough going on to keep everyone busy. I’ve never lived anywhere that has so many committees,” said the Inspector. “What’s with the committee for the lost World War II plaque, the committee to find the Lady Daphne.”
	“Lady Daphne?”
	The Inspector ignored her question and continued on. “I don’t know why they don’t help us out and set up a committee to find out what happened to Joe Newlyn. Now there’s an idea.” He rubbed his chin and then leaned back in his chair. “Ruby Harris disappeared,” he said taking off his glasses and polishing them with a white monogrammed handkerchief.
“She did?”
“We found her blue Escort on the A30 road near Launceston - pretty close to Devon,” said the Detective.
“So she was headed toward London?”
He slid the glasses on to the bridge of his nose and peered at Gia. “Looks like it.” 
“What do you think happened?” she asked.
“Oh. She probably hitched a lift the rest of the way.” He stirred his coffee.
“Is anyone looking for her?”
“No. She’s a big girl. Did find a hammer in the car though.”
“She used that to get it started,” said Gia.
“Mmmm.” He raised an eyebrow. “Well forensics has it now.” He clinked the spoon against his cup. “I hear she was having an affair with Joe Newlyn.”
“I heard that too.”
“What about Terry Devoran?” 
“Is he a suspect?” asked Gia.
“Look Miss Matthews—” 
“Gia.”
“Gia. I need some help here.”
She smiled. “You’re asking me?  For help?”
“I know we didn’t get off to a good start when your grandmother died and I apologized. I’ll apologize again if you like.”
She gave a limp wave, dismissing his attempt at groveling. “Okay. Joe Newlyn owed Terry Devoran money for a job he’d done.”
“He seemed to be spending a lot around here lately and Joe Newlyn’s wallet was missing.”
“I doubt there was any money in it.”
“He’d just sold a car.” said the Detective. “And he’d been paid, according to Mrs. Newlyn.”
“Do you think it was a robbery then?” asked Gia.
“Looked more like something personal. Whoever did it hit him more than once. The pathologist said the closest he could come up with for a weapon is a ball peen hammer, but the markings were sharper, more pointed.” 
“How would he know?”
“Indentation on the skull. Many indentations.”
“Oh.” She cringed.
“I’m still waiting for the official post mortem report. What we need to know is: was his head hit before or after he died.”
Detective Inspector Barrett leaned his elbows on the table, pressing his fingers together like a steeple. They watched a man at the next table pocket his credit card and dunk a tea bag into a pot of hot water. The Detective tapped his finger tips together. 
“There’s another problem around here,” he said.
“To do with Joe Newlyn?” Gia asked.
“No. Identity theft. We’ve had reports of stolen credit card numbers.”
Gia thought of Holly’s problems with her credit card. “I haven’t heard anything about cards being stolen.”
“They don’t need the card. Just the number. You can buy pretty much anything on the internet these days and you don’t need the actual card. Not everyone checks their statements so it’s sometimes a while before something shows up. Keep an eye out in your shop will you?”
“Give me one of your business cards. I have a friend who might have a problem.”
He handed her a card.
P.C. Jones stopped by the table. “Can I have a word Detective Inspector?”
Gia stood. “I’m leaving, you can have my seat.”
“Thanks. The misses is on her way to your shop with her sister.” He sat down in the vacated seat. “Make sure they don’t spend too much will you?”
Before she could answer, P.C. Jones turned his back to her and leaned forward, engaging Detective Inspector Barrett in conversation.

At Lowenna antiques Gia watched Canute slap the display with his tail and topple a coat rack.
“Good heavens,” said Rose hoisting the empty rack upright.
“I’ll put the dogs in the back,” said Gia. 
She steered the dogs into a courtyard, and filled a bowl with water. Daisy squatted by the wall. Canute sniffed the puddle and then raised his leg and squirted urine. They continued the ritual around the courtyard with Canute making sure his scent was dominant. Canute found a new smell and dug in a patch of dirt, retrieving an old bone. Gia returned to the shop.
“We’re having lunch,” said Rose. “Do you want a sandwich?”
Gia nodded and pulled out a chair.
Susan closed the till drawer and packaged a plate for a customer then busied herself spraying glass cleaner with one hand and cleaning the counter and display case with the other.
“Paul said he saw you on the beach,” said Rose.
“Mmm. I saw Detective Inspector Barrett too. I talked to him for a while.” Gia pulled the ham and cheese from the bread, rolled them together and took a bite, discarding the bread. “They found Ruby’s car on the A30.”
“Where’s she now?” asked Rose, looking at the discarded bread and shaking her head.
 “No one knows.”
“That’s strange,” Rose said, opening a small tin. “Mary dropped some of her peanut brittle off.” She broke off a chunk and bit the tan colored toffee, then ran her tongue along her teeth and finally scraped a lodged piece with her fingernail.
“Do you think something happened to Ruby?” Gia asked.
“She could be going back to London, now Joe’s gone.”
Susan slid into a chair opposite Rose. “Her son lives up there.”
“It makes me feel uncomfortable not knowing what happened to Joe,” said Gia. “It could have been anyone from the village that did it. What if someone goes after Mary next?”
“Maybe it was something sinister,” said Susan. “And whoever did away with Joe got Ruby too.” She pondered for a moment. “Do you think it was aliens? They could have taken Joe for experiments and dropped him from the spaceship when it was raining. I bet it was them that got Ruby.”
Rose shook her head. “Susan, your imagination will get you in trouble one of these days. She probably got a lift from a lorry driver when her car broke down.”
“The A30 road is busy most of the time,” said Gia.
“Well I wouldn’t want to get stuck out on the Bodmin Moor,” said Rose. 
“I think it was closer to Launceston,” said Gia. 
The two older ladies ignored her.
“Yeah,” said Susan, nodding. “If it was aliens that got her, Bodmin Moor would be a good place to land. All that mist in the mornings could hide a space ship and . . .” She turned to the window. “There’s Mrs. Trewellyn.” Susan pointed toward the street.
Iris waved through the window and opened the shop door. “Did you see Pat?  She was stumbling around and headed this way.”
“She was in here earlier. I never see her with those girls,” said Susan.
“Their grandmother probably takes care of them.” Rose volunteered.
“I do wish Sarah would come back. I worry about Mary,” said Gia.
“Mary said Pat wants her to sell the cottage and move into Honeysuckle Rest Home.” Iris told them.
“She can’t be more than fifty - fifty-five at the most,” Rose said.
“There are some nice apartments at the rest home,” said Susan.
They lapsed into silence.
“Cup of tea, Iris?” Rose raised the tea pot.
Iris shook her head and did not move from the open door.
Gia looked from Rose to Susan. “But Mary doesn’t want to move.”
“Well, Pat can’t make her,” Iris said closing the door behind her and picking up a candle with pastel colored sweet peas on the label.
“I heard . . .” said Susan. “Pat’s trying to get her declared incomplete.” 
“You mean incompetent.” Gia rubbed her forehead. “She can’t do that. Can she Rose?”
“I don’t know.”
 “It does seem that she has some hold over her mother,” said Iris. “I wonder what will happen at the inquest.” 
Susan looked at the wooden floorboards and shook her head slowly from side to side. “Poor Mary.”
“Pat would need a solicitor to represent her and I doubt she has the money for that,” said Iris. “How can Pat be so mean to her mother and expect her to look after the girls all the time?”
“We need to do something before Pat gets someone to listen to her,” Rose said. “What about that young man Gia?  The one Holly’s friends with. Isn’t he a solicitor?”
“Mike?  I’m not sure they’re friends any more.”
“Well, there’s a hearing. Beginning of May or so I heard,” Iris said.
“But that’s only a couple of weeks away.” said Rose.
The door bell clinked as Mrs. Jones came in.
“Mrs. Jones,” Rose greeted her coolly. 
“This is my sister, Maisie. She’s here from Cardiff.” She nodded toward the lady next to her wearing a black and stone colored hounds-tooth suit. “She wanted to see if you had any Denby pottery.”
Susan pointed toward a shelf displaying the solid design. “Which pattern?”
“I don’t know the name.” said Maisie. “It’s got pink flowers on it.”
“Did you hear about Ruby?” asked Mrs. Jones.
Gia nodded absently. “I know they found her car.”
“Not that,” said Mrs. Jones. “It wasn’t her that knocked off Joe Newlyn.”
Gia watched Susan clear away the remains from their lunch, then turn toward Mrs. Jones.
“How do you know it wasn’t Ruby?”  She asked trying not to look at the glass eye.
“My husband said the hammer they found in the car wasn’t the one. It was covered in engine grease, but no sign of blood.” She smiled. “He’ll make detective soon I shouldn’t wonder. Yeah, detective,” she pondered.
“Perhaps you shouldn’t—”  Gia thought better of suggesting Mrs. Jones shouldn’t be relaying information her husband had given her.   
“I’m off,” said Iris opening the door.
“Gia. Can you come here and help us with the dishes?”  Rose picked up the tea pot.
Gia frowned. There was only a cup and saucer left on the table. She followed Susan’s gaze out the window and noticed Tiffany. Gia shook her head, ignored Rose, and walked behind the till.
“She just moved into the Roskyn Hotel. Saw her carry in luggage.” Mrs. Jones nodded toward the road. “Fancy stuff wasn’t it Maisie?” 
Gia looked at the Denby plate in Mrs. Jones’ hand. “So. Do you want that or not?”  She snapped.
Rose and Susan stared at each other. 
Mrs. Jones took a step back, clutching the plate. “Well I never.”
Putting the tea pot down, Rose rushed over to the dresser. “We’ve got more over here, Maisie.” She opened the cupboard door. “Mrs. Jones. Come and look.”
Mrs. Jones’s face turned pale, then a crimson rash rose from her décolletage seeping toward her neck. They all watched the pale blue-gray glass eye moving rapidly and they backed away.
Susan rubbed her pocket again. “Patience, kindness,” she whispered.
Rose steered Mrs. Jones toward the Denby pottery display. Her sister followed, and they spoke quietly as they examined plates and cups.
Gia opened the till, removed the checks and listed them on a deposit slip. She paused and scraped chipped polish from her fingernail. What was that woman Tiffany doing here?   She realized Rose was speaking. 
“Gia get the — ” 
“Phone,” Susan finished.
“Lowenna Antiques,” Gia said more cheerfully than she felt.
“Gia. Do you want to go to the talent contest?” asked Holly.
“You’ve got to be kidding?”
“Come on. It will be fun.”
“Tonight?” asked Gia.
“Yes,” said Holly.  
Gia looked over at Susan, sweeping the table cloth with a miniature dustpan and brush. Her shirt-waisted cotton print dress swayed as she swished the brush. Beneath the hem poked her white Reebock tennis shoes.
“We can go for a drink afterwards.” Holly continued. “I’ll come and pick you up at half past six. It’s at the hall.” 
“The Lowenna Village Hall?” asked Gia.
Susan looked up. “Village hall?”  She grinned. “I’m singing in the talent contest you know.”
Gia turned toward the wall and imagined smacking her head against it.

Pulling a comb through her hair, Gia looked in the mirror. Her shoulders slumped. “I can’t do anything with this hair.” She looked at Holly’s sleek locks.
“Why don’t you just scrunch it?  I’d love to have curls.”
“This damp weather plays havoc with it.” 
“You live at the seaside, it’s always going to be damp. Did you get a list of houses your mum wanted us to look at?” Holly asked.
Gia shook her head.
“Have you checked your e-mail?”  
“No. You can look if you like. The password should already be in there.”
Holly opened Gia’s laptop and clicked on the envelope icon. 
“I don’t have time to be traipsing around looking at all those houses,” mumbled Gia, still yanking at her hair.
“This one looks nice.” Holly turned on the printer, clicked on the print icon and handed the page to Gia.
“That’s Mary’s cottage. She said she didn’t want to sell it,” Gia said.
“Could Pat list it without her mother knowing?”  asked Holly.
“There’s something going on there. Mary seems to do whatever Pat tells her.”
Holly picked up a picture of Gia and David. “You look so good together.”
“Hmm.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Apparently he has a fiancée.” She closed her eyes as if dismissing further conversation, then took a thin black hair band from the dresser and pushed it over her hair. “That’s better.”
“Do you mean Tiffany? She’s a self centered bitch,” Holly said.
Gia put down the comb and stared at Holly. “You know her?” 
“Not really. David brought her here once. Everyone kept their distance. You can pick up on her bow-down-before-me radar before you get very close.”
“But Rose said she hadn’t met her.” Gia looked at her friend curiously.
“She may not have. You don’t introduce every boyfriend to your mother do you?” 
“Heavens no!”
“I don’t know what he saw in her,” Holly said.
Looking back in the mirror Gia patted her hair. “Well, let’s see. Long hair with perfect curls.” She looked down at the chipped nail polish. “Perfectly manicured nails.” She stared in the mirror at her thin upper lip. “Perfectly plumped up lips.” 
“Oh stop with the perfect.” Holly grabbed the comb. 
“And perfect figure.” 
“You look fine, let’s go.”
“Just fine?”
“Did you ever think that if she looks so perfect that her appearance is all she cares about?  I bet that woman can’t walk past a mirror without looking in it.”  Holly shoved Gia away from the mirror and admired herself for a moment, then touched up her lipstick. Picking up Gia’s bag, she thrust it into her arms. “David loves you and he knows you love him. That woman only cares about herself.”
They both looked up, hearing the sound of a throat being cleared.
“Rose,” said Holly.
“David’s on the phone. He said he can’t get through to you.”
“David?”
“Gia, run over to my house and use my phone. He’s waiting.”
Holly and Rose looked over at the phone off the hook and both sighed.


Chapter 6
“David,” Gia whispered. She took a deep breath, unsure if her rapid breathing was due to running or the excitement of finally hearing David’s husky voice. The wall clock chimed - a soft pinging noise like a loose spring.
“Gia. You are the hardest person to get hold of.” 
The clock stopped chiming and was replaced by a sound much like a metronome. 
“How are you?” David asked.
Gia didn’t respond right away. She didn’t trust herself and waited until she was sure thoughts of Tiffany were pushed from her mind. 
“When‘re you coming home?” she asked imagining his dark eyes, the smile that creased the corners of his mouth and the small scar on his chin.
Lowering herself on to the arm of a chair, she reached over toward the mantelshelf, running her finger over a childhood picture of David and his parents. Even as a child his hair was as dark as the midnight sky and his long eyelashes surrounded dark brown irises.
 “Looks like it will be about ten days,” said David.
“Ten days?”
“Could be less. You and Holly will probably be in Italy by the time I make it back.” 
She could sense disappointment and stood gazing out the window. It was no good, Tiffany kept clouding her thoughts. She couldn’t make her voice sound lighthearted, couldn’t pretend this scene was idyllic. Even hearing David wasn’t reassuring. 
“I could cancel.” offered Gia rubbing her temple with her fingertips.
“No. Don’t do that. It’s only for a few days isn’t it?” he asked. “I’ll do what I can to get home earlier.”
She didn’t want him to come home earlier. Not now. If he could just wait a little longer until they returned from Italy. If he came home in ten days then she would be gone, but Tiffany . . . well Tiffany would be happy to get David to herself, of that Gia was sure.
“David?”
“Yes. What is it? You sound like there’s something wrong. It’s not mum is it?”
“No. No Rose is fine. It’s just . . .” She couldn’t tell him. With any luck that woman might give up and leave before he got back and she wouldn’t have to mention it.
“What?”
“I miss you.”
“I miss you too.” His sigh was audible. “I’m looking at your photo. The one in my wallet.”
She nodded. It was the picture Rose had taken last year. They were on their way out to dinner. Rose commented that she hadn’t seen Gia in anything but jeans for a long time and took a picture of the two of them – David in dark trousers and a sports jacket, Gia in a sleeveless sage colored dress.
David interrupted her thoughts. “I can’t wait to get home and run my fingers through those crazy red curls of yours.” 
She reached up and patted her hair but all she could picture was Tiffany’s blond, strategically placed curls. If she asked him about Tiffany, how should she start? Why was she here? Why did she say she was his fiancée? Why did she show up now?  In the background she heard a man’s voice. 
“I’ll be right there.” said David.
“Who’s that?” 
“Someone’s calling me. I need to go,” said David.
“But I need to ask you about—”
“Can it wait?  I’ll call you later – love you.”
“I love you too.”  
He was gone.
Looking up at the mirror she patted her hair again. “Crazy red curls indeed. They’re auburn.” She smiled. Holly was right, he loved her just as she was. He’d put that woman in her place when he returned. There was nothing to worry about, nothing to lose sleep over. With a weak smile toward David’s picture, she raised her hand, and bit the quick around her thumb nail.

“So.” Rose paused in the doorway. “When’s he coming back?”
“He said probably ten days.”
“Did you tell him about Tiff—”
“No. Didn’t get a chance.” She faced Rose. “Maybe it’s better if we wait until he gets home.”
“Maybe.” Rose looked at Gia as if trying to bring her into focus.
“Gia!”   Holly’s shrill voice came from outside. “We’re going to be late.” She rapped on the window.
“Are you going to the talent show, Rose?” asked Gia, turning her back to the window.
“Paul will bring me later.” She grinned. “Can’t miss Susan’s debut. Wait ‘til you see what she’s wearing.”
Gia lightly arched her brow. 
“Gia. Will you come on,” called Holly from the driveway.
“Rose. I’ll see you at the concert later,” said Gia not even trying to guess what Susan Brea was planning to wear for her stage appearance.
“Gia!”
“That new double glazing doesn’t do much to block outside noise,” mumbled Rose as Gia closed the door.
“Good grief, Holly. I’m coming.” She reached the driveway where her friend was stomping her feet. “Let’s take your car, I can walk home afterwards.”
Holly turned the key to her red Vauxhall Astra, listened to the engine rattle, and then turned to Gia. “You seem happier.” She released the handbrake and backed out of the driveway.
“Umm.” Gia’s eyes sparkled. “He’ll be home in a week or so.”
“We’ll be in Italy.” Holly pointed out.
“I know, but we’ll be gone for less than a week. I’ll feel better knowing he’s home.”
“But that woman.”
“Don’t remind me.”
Her friend was never one to hold back her thoughts and blurted out whatever was circling her brain like a Texas tornado.  
“I wonder what she wants.” asked Holly.
“That’s obvious.” Gia smeared gloss on her lips and looked in the visor mirror. “She wants David back. Can we not talk about her?”
Holly shrugged and pulled into the village hall parking lot then continued as if Gia hadn’t spoken. “We’ll get you all dolled up before you see him. She won’t stand a chance.”
Dropping the lip gloss into her bag, Gia climbed out and gently closed the car door. Her temporary joy began to deflate like a day old helium balloon. She wasn’t sure if being dolled up, as Holly put it, was the solution.  

Despite the fine evening mist, children ran between the cars and people congregated. A young mother with two girls dressed in white, tied the red bows of their dresses and brushed their hair. A man straightened a boy’s tie. Holly and Gia moved past the church and along the pathway to the village hall. 
 “Isn’t that Jimmy over there?” Holly asked.
Turning toward the hall door, Gia saw a small figure with spiked hair slicked with gel and wearing a dark blue suit and crimson bow tie. Thank goodness for a distraction no matter how small. How could she persuade Holly to stop offering advice on how to handle the Tiffany situation? Not everything could be solved by reading the advice columns or doing questionnaires in one of the many women’s magazines that Holly perused. 
Jimmy spotted her. “Gia!”
“Jimmy. You look very smart.” She bent down and straightened his tie.
“I’m reading a poem tonight.” He tapped his foot nervously.
“You are?”
“Robert Browning.” He stood and stretched his frame to his full height which was a head shorter than Holly. 
“Indeed.” Gia patted the spikes. “Look how you’ve grown.” She smiled at him and with her hand on his shoulder leaned and whispered in his ear. “You’ll be all right, Jimmy, just look for someone you know and say the poem to them. Forget about everyone else.”
He nodded and smiled, showing two front teeth barely poking through pink gums. “Right.” 
They both shared a love of animals and he had been with her when she found Canute on the beach. He was different from the sad boy who thought he’d been replaced by a baby brother and had now found his niche both within his family and his neighbors. The whole village had changed or maybe Gia was the one who had changed?  She fitted in with the village of misfits.
Behind her she heard Holly’s unmistakable voice, speaking in a tone she used specifically for flirting. A tall clean cut young man with blond hair, brown trousers, striped shirt and pink tie leaned close to Holly. The mating ritual had begun. Unfortunately, Holly’s relationships faded quicker than the morning fog and her preference for Mediterranean men brought with it a slew of problems. The suit and tie were not stereotypical of Holly’s criteria in a boyfriend, nor was the hair color. Gia was hopeful that her friend’s eye was moving away from southern Europe. 
“Gia. Come and meet Stefan,” she called.
He smiled and nodded toward Gia. “Very pleased to meet you.” His English was good, but with a strong German accent. 
“You look familiar.” Gia said.
 “He works at the bank. In Truro. Lemon Street,” Holly gushed.
Behind them Jimmy practiced his poem. “And whoever wakes in England sees . . ."
“Yes. I remember you now. You’re from Germany aren’t you?” asked Gia, speaking louder to be heard over Jimmy practicing his stage voice.
He nodded.
“. . . and the brushwood sheaf.” continued Jimmy.
Gia smiled at Jimmy, and then looked back at Holly and Stefan, recalling the recent boyfriends. First there was Pedro from Barcelona, last year she wanted to put a vowel on the end of her last name in an effort to blend in with the Italians and now her sights were set on Germany. 
Jimmy belted out the poem. “. . . while the chaffinch sings on the orchard bow.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow night then.” Stefan kissed Holly on the cheek and walked away.
Holly grabbed Gia’s arm. “Isn’t he delicious?  Come on we need to find a seat.” She shoved Gia through the front door as Jimmy walked to the side entrance still mumbling.
“You need a ticket,” said a woman from behind a metal table. She broke off a purple ticket from a roll resembling a small car tire. 
While Holly paid for both their tickets, Gia studied the woman. Her gray hair had been dunked in a blue rinse and her eyebrows were bushy. Transparent blue eyes stared back. 
“It’s crowded,” Holly said.
In a village as small as Lowenna there were no strangers, and people nodded and smiled as they recognized each other.
“Tickets,” said the blue haired woman. She held out the palm of her hand and smiled.
“Mrs. Walker we just bought them. See,” said Holly holding up the two purple stubs.
“Oh. I didn’t write it down,” said Mrs. Walker. With a muddled expression, she opened her notebook, but looked up and squinted at the tickets in Holly’s hand.
“Isn’t that Terry Devoran?” asked Gia with her back to the table.
Holly nodded.
“Tickets,” said Mrs. Walker brightly.
They turned and the woman stared at them, her smile fading. “You need to buy a ticket,” she said.
With a deep sigh, Holly moved to the table and patiently showed Mrs. Walker where she had written down the tickets they had purchased. Iris Trewellyn moved behind the table.
“Thanks for helping out Norma. I’ll take over now,” they heard Iris say to the confused woman.
“Joe died,” said Norma.
“We know dear. Very tragic,” said Iris.
“She lives next door to Mary Newlyn,” whispered Holly. “She was in a coma a few years ago and has no short term memory, poor dear. Breaks your heart doesn’t it?”
Glancing over her shoulder, Gia watched Norma Walker pick up her book and consult her notes.
“Go on in and sit down Norma,” said Iris. “Rose saved a seat for you.”
“Rose. I know Rose.” Norma’s face brightened and she followed the crowd into the hall.
Holly and Gia glanced back in Terry Devoran’s direction. 
“He’s the one who Joe Newlyn owed money to isn’t he?” asked Gia.
“He’s a bit of a twit,” said Holly. 
“I heard he’d been in trouble with the police.” 
Holly snickered. “He broke into the butcher’s shop a couple of years ago.”
Gia studied him.
“He climbed in through the skylight,” Holly continued. “He took money from the till and then realized he couldn’t get out. The door was locked with a key so the front door wouldn’t open from the inside. The skylight was too high to reach.”
“What happened?” asked Gia.
“When a bobby passed by he tapped on the window to get the policeman’s attention. They called the butcher to come down and open the door and then carted Terry off to jail.”
“Detective Inspector Barrett said he was flashing a lot of money around so he may be up to something. Barrett said Joe Newlyn’s wallet was missing.”
“Why all the interest in Joe Newlyn?”
“Don’t you feel uneasy knowing there may be someone in the village who killed him?”
“I hadn’t really thought about it,” Holly said. “But if it was someone around here maybe you shouldn’t be asking so many questions.”
“What do you mean?”
“You’re not Miss Marples.”
Gia laughed.
“I’m serious Gia. If you do find out who killed Joe you could be in danger.”

They moved into the hall and surveyed rows of metal chairs filled with an assortment of villagers. Children ran up and down the aisles and the noise of overly loud conversations bounced around the open beamed hall.
“What about Mary?” asked Gia.
“She’s probably glad he’s gone.” 
“That’s what everyone says, but what if her safety is threatened?”
“Isn’t that her daughter Pat over there?” asked Holly.
“Looks like her.” They watched Pat walk to a row of seats and sit between the girls and her mother. “What if it was Pat?  Mary is uncomfortable when she’s around. It’s obvious something strange is going on between the two of them.”
“No one’s comfortable around Pat,” said Holly. “There are two empty seats over there. Let’s sit down.”
The lights grew dim and they watched the threadbare velvet curtains jerk apart, the pulley squeaking with each movement. A din of clapping erupted.
The Blue Anchor landlord announced the first act and they listened to Mrs. Thomas’s class sing All Things Bright and Beautiful. The six year old boys squirmed in their starched white shirts and red ties and the girls swished the hems of their white dresses with cherry colored sashes. They looked like English flags spread out across the stage.
Jimmy was next. “Home Thoughts from Abroad by Robert Browning.” He announced. He blinked at the bright lights, shifting from foot to foot. Perspiration beaded on his forehead. Raising his hand he shielded his eyes and stared out at the audience. 
Nervously tapping her foot, Gia clasped her hands together. “Come on,” she whispered. “You can do it Jimmy.”
He spotted his parents, smiled and then continued. “Oh to be in England . . .” He blinked again, stood straight and projected his voice. “. . . now that April’s there.”
Gia sat back in the chair and glanced around. Next to Norma she spotted Paul and Rose. Her face crinkled in a smile as Paul draped his arm around Rose’s shoulders. 
Jimmy finished the poem and bowed as the applause grew louder.
The landlord was speaking again. “Next we have Susan Brea singing Memories from Cats.”
Someone thumped the piano keys. 
Holly gasped. “What on earth is she wearing?”
“Looks like a red negligee,” said Gia.
“Oh my!”
Susan Brea gripped the hem of the floor length crimson colored lace dress in each hand, stretched her arms in front of her and waved the flimsy material up and down as if she were ringing the church bells. She flitted from one side of the stage to the other, rising on her toes ignoring the cat calls and whooping from two men at the rear of the hall. 
“I’ve never seen her hair down before,” said Gia.
Her long gray hair cascaded down her back and flowed behind her as she rushed about the stage. Silver sandals poked from the hem. 
“Daylight . . .” Her voice was shrill and out of tune.
The audience was quiet except for a few gasps.
“… see the dew on the sunflower.”
The pianist seemed to be playing a different part of the song. 
“And a rose that is faaaading.” Susan looked puzzled. “Roses wither awaaaaay.” She glanced at the pianist furtively. 
Oblivious to her discomfort, he continued playing. Susan stopped singing, marched to the middle of the stage, punched her hips with small fists and glared at the man. 
“You went wrong,” she shrieked. “Start again.” She stomped back to stage left, gripped the hem of the flimsy red material and waved her arms up and down once more. She cocked her head to the side, nodded in time to the music, tapped her tiny sandaled foot and started to sing again. “Daylight, see the dew . . .”
Titters came from the audience. Gia turned and put her index finger on her lips, motioning the people behind them to be quiet. 
“It’s so easy to leave meeeee.” sang Susan. “All alone with the memory of  . . .”
Well this song is depressing, thought Gia. She turned and glanced at two people at the back of the hall and tugged Holly’s sleeve. “Holly.” Gia whispered. “Isn’t that Pat with Terry Devoran?”
Pat faced Terry, making gestures with her finger and shaking her head. Their voices were drowned out as the pianist thumped the keys and Susan wailed, not unlike the cat she was portraying. 
“I wonder what all that was about,” whispered Gia.
An hour later they left the hall and walked into the night air. Jimmy ran around the corner his eyes wild. “Holly!  Your car.”
“What about my car?”
“It’s . . . it’s . . .”
“Jimmy!” said Gia. “What are you talking about?”
“I saw someone throw a rock. Your windscreen . . .”
“Who?” asked Holly.
“I don’t know I couldn’t see. He had a hat on.”
The trio turned the corner and stared at the broken glass and caved in windscreen of Holly’s red Vauxhall Astra.  They spotted a figure running down the street.
“Jimmy,” said Holly. “Isn’t that your cousin?”
But Gia wasn’t watching the boy. She heard the clack, clack of high heeled shoes on the pavement behind them and turned to watch Tiffany cross the street.


Chapter 7
From the moment her eyes opened, Gia puzzled over last night’s events. By the bed, Canute sat on his haunches and rested his head on the pillow. Getting neither a response, nor pat on the head, he placed his paw next to Gia, then nuzzled a wet nose under the duvet. On the carpet, Daisy stretched on her back, watching Canute from one eye 
Terry Devoran’s anger had shocked Gia and his gestures toward Pat exposed his animosity toward her. She pulled back the covers, and patting Canute on the head, pushed her feet into florescent green slippers, a gift from Rose. 
Sensing movement, Daisy rolled to her side, and then bounded toward the bed, her tail wagging. From outside, dustbins clanged against the waste removal truck as they were emptied, followed by the tinkling sound of breaking glass, reminding Gia again of last night’s events.
“The windscreen,” she uttered. “Holly’s windscreen.”
Why would someone damage Holly’s car? Could Jimmy’s cousin, Chris have been the culprit? But her final thought before falling asleep last night had been of the woman crossing the street and that vision surfaced again.
“I’ll be glad when that Tiffany takes her vain little self back to Exeter. I’ll feel better when she’s in a different county.”
Canute and Daisy both cocked their heads to one side and each raised an ear. A calendar rested on the nightstand and Gia marked a day nearing the end of the month and nodded her head. She had miscalculated. David would return after their holiday in Italy. There was no need to worry.

The trio cut through a back lane on their way to the beach with the dogs leading. It was peaceful along the path with high brambles blocking noise from the street. A tiny red breasted robin perched among blackberry bushes guarding her nest of blue eggs, but the dogs ignored the bird and pulled Gia along the uneven track. The storm had washed away much of the soil, leaving behind raised rocks on which Gia stumbled occasionally.
Crossing the car park they watched waves crash against the harbor wall. Water sprayed like peacock feathers in a wispy plume. Gia sat on a bench, mesmerized by the foam churning against dark stone. She reached down and rubbed Canute’s head and smiled. His blue eyes glazed and closed in contentment.
“Life’s easy for you isn’t it?”
Daisy jumped up and placed her front paws on the wall.
“Feeling left out are you?”  Gia reached down and rubbed Daisy’s underbelly.
As she glanced behind her, a burnt orange sports car drove by.
“David,” she whispered. “That’s David’s MG.”
Her stomach lurched. That was just like him to surprise her. He must have booked a flight home as soon as he put the phone down yesterday. 
“I need to talk to him before he finds out about Tiffany.” She gripped both leashes and tugged the dogs. “Come on. He’s headed to the cottage.”
She ran up the hill with wind blowing her hair. Pausing to catch her breath, Gia then continued up the steep slope across the grass. Rubbing her side, she stared at the pumpkin colored MG outside Rose’s cottage. The dogs sat on their haunches and panted.
“He’s home! He’s home!”
She continued on, stopping by the car as Paul Lanner wiped the orange bonnet with a cloth. Gia then considered going home first, putting on makeup and combing her hair.
“Darn seagulls,” said Paul.
“Where is he?”
“Who?” Paul gazed at Gia curiously.
“David of course.”
“In Germany. Gia, you know he’s in Germany,” Paul frowned and pushed his flat cap back on his head, then rubbed his beardless chin.
“Don’t tease me. I know he’s trying to surprise me.” She looked toward the house. “David!” she called.
Rose opened the door.
“What are you yelling about?” Rose asked.
“Where’s David?”
“You know where he is.” Rose looked over at the car.
“Oh, Gia.” Paul put down the cloth. “David asked me to get him new tires while he was gone.”
She sat on the doorstep and chewed her thumb nail. 
“Come in and have a cup of tea,” Rose said.
Gia shook her head. 
“I made shepherds pie for dinner.” 
Gia shook her head again.
“But it’s your favorite. I put Cheddar cheese on top of the mashed potatoes.”
Without a word, Gia stood and took the dogs in her house.
“Dinner will be ready in an hour.” Rose called as her neighbor gently closed the door. 
Removing the leashes, Gia opened the pantry. “This is ridiculous.” She waited for the dogs to sit. “I need to confront that woman Tiffany and find out what she wants.” 
She handed each dog a biscuit. Canute chomped his in half. Daisy watched him, gripped hers tightly between her teeth and ran into the bedroom. Canute swallowed and took off after her. 
“And don’t try and take hers.” Gia called. She heard a yelp and Daisy returned, her eyes doleful. Gia ran her hand through the wiry, sandy colored hair and patted Daisy on the head, giving her another biscuit. 
It protruded from Daisy’s mouth until Gia withdrew her hand, then Daisy flopped down and munched.
From the window, Gia watched a dark green Jeep Liberty pull in front of the cottage. Holly climbed out and jauntily walked toward the side door. With a light tap she peeped around the door.
“Come and see my car.” She called, stepping back.
“It’s new?”
“It’s practically new. It only has three hundred miles on it.” Holly stood in the driveway and admired her shiny vehicle.
Gia gently pushed the dogs back with her foot and closed the door. “But how—”
“I called Stefan last night and told him what happened to my Astra. We went and looked at some cars this morning and he helped me get a loan. Come on I’ll take you for a spin.”
“Did you report your broken windscreen to the police?” asked Gia.
“No. Stefan said not to bother - they wouldn’t do anything. Not a high priority apparently. I traded my car in and got a couple of hundred for it. The salesman seemed to know Stefan so I got a bargain.”
“It could have been Jimmy’s cousin, Chris, who broke it. He was running away.”
“It doesn’t matter now, does it?” Holly waved her hand dismissing further conversation on the matter.
“How can you afford a new car Holly?” asked Gia, her brow furrowed.
“I got it for six years. The monthly payments won’t be too bad,” said her friend.
For a moment Gia was irritated at Holly. Although she had encouraged her friend toward responsibility, a car payment would either put a big dent in Holly’s spending activities or the car would eventually be repossessed.
“Did you ever get your credit card sorted out?”
“There were some charges on there that weren’t mine. They’re going to investigate it. Look at all this room in the back. I bet we could get the dogs in here.” Holly turned toward Gia puzzled. “I don’t know how all those charges got on my card. I don’t carry it with me all the time.”
“Who’s investigating?” asked Gia. “The credit card company?”
“I think so.” Holly scrunched her face looking at the sky. “Or the bank.”
“Who did you report it to?”
“Stefan said he’d take care of it. What’s with all the questions?  Are you trying out for The Weakest Link,” Holly showed her irritation with a glare.
“Holly you can’t turn a blind eye to this,” said Gia gripping her friend’s shoulders so they were eye to eye. “Call Detective Inspector Barrett. He said they are already investigating thefts around here. The credit card charges and the broken windscreen could be connected.”
“You are such a control freak, Gia.” Holly pulled away and walked toward the cottage. “You don’t let anyone help you with anything, but I’m happy to let Stefan handle it. He knows about credit companies and who to call. You can’t play connect-the-dots with everything that happens in this village. Good heavens, Gia!  Drop it will you. Are you going to invite me in or are we going to stand out here and argue?”
“Let’s face it,” Gia said with emphasis. “You are the only one who has your best interests at heart. No matter who tries to help you, you have to take some responsibility, Holly.”
“That’s the trouble with you. You don’t trust anyone.” Holly huffed loudly. “I told you, Stefan said he’d take care of it. He works at a bank for heavens sake – he must know how to go about getting it cleared up.” Holly stomped her foot. “I thought you’d be pleased I got a new car. You’re always harping on about my car falling apart. Not everyone got a windfall dropped in their lap.”
Gia stared at Holly, her lip trembled. 
“Oh Gia. I’m so sorry.” Holly gripped her friend’s stiff shoulders. “I didn’t mean your inheritance was a windfall. I didn’t mean your Aunt Grace dying was—”
Gia pulled away and slumped on the doorstep. 
Holly sat next to her. “Gia!”
“It’s okay. I shouldn’t have said anything. You’re right. Let Stefan sort it out.” 
Arguing with Holly was pointless. Gia decided to call Detective Inspector Barrett herself and let him know what was going on. Stefan seemed to be too available to jump in and help Holly with her financial problems and meanwhile Holly was getting in over her head with more debt. She didn’t want to upset her friend, but she wasn’t about to let Holly be taken advantage of either. 
“Do you want to go and see Bridget Jones’s Diary at the Plaza tonight?” asked Holly, which was her way of asking if the argument was over.
“I don’t think so, Holly.”
She tried again. “What about Along Came a Spider. Denzel Washington’s in it. You like him.” 
“It’s Morgan Freeman not Denzel Washington,” sighed Gia without looking at her friend.
“Oh. I thought it was Denzel Washington you liked,” Holly’s face creased into a perplexed expression.
“I do, but he’s not in that film.”
Holly was clearly disappointed and looked down at her feet. She brushed her finger on a little tuft of dark hairs growing on her big toe. Both girls laughed at the imperfection on an otherwise perfect foot. 
The side door to her neighbor’s house opened. “Holly can come to dinner too.” Rose shouted out.
“We’ll be right over,” called Holly, patting her friend’s arm. 
“Okay, Gia?  Are we okay?”
“Sure.”

“Nice car you’ve got there Holly,” Paul nodded toward the window, and they all looked beyond the white fluffy feline, sitting on the wide window ledge, at Holly’s new car. Priscilla, the cat, slumped onto her back, raised one leg and licked herself in places inappropriate for an audience.
“Pass the carrots will you dear,” Paul said to Rose.
Rose smiled and blew him a kiss.
Gia exchanged glances with Holly. Those two were like teenage sweethearts. 
The living room had changed considerably since Paul had moved in. The dining table was now in the corner. Wallpaper covered with flowers of orange, red and purple had been ripped off and replaced with swirled raised plaster and painted a soft peach color. As a concession to her flower addiction, Paul bought Rose a large, gold-framed painting of a flower garden and centered it on the wall. Priscilla jumped from the window ledge on to the back of a chair, clambered down and sauntered under the table.
“Now Gia, don’t forget you have to go to that auction tomorrow. And don’t come back with a bunch of junk. You two are probably not thinking about much except your holiday in Italy, but we have a business to run,” said Rose with authority.
“You’re going to the Truro auction?” asked Paul.
“She is,” Rose said.
“If you see any decent tools can you put a bid on them for me?  I’m going to hire some young local lads to help me out with odd jobs and they probably won’t have tools of their own. Jimmy’s mum said her nephew Chris needs some work to keep him out of trouble.”
“Sure,” said Gia. “What kind of trouble?  Anything to do with —”
Holly kicked Gia’s ankle and Priscilla joined in and nipped at Holly. Both girls tried to nudge Priscilla away with their feet.
“What did you say?” asked Rose.
“Nothing.” Gia leaned down and rubbed her foot, then scooted her chair away from Holly. 
Paul bit into a baby carrot. “She just wants to keep him busy. Idle hands and all that,” said Paul. 
“I’ll ring you if I see anything and you can tell me what to bid.” Gia wondered if Chris was the one who had smashed Holly’s windscreen. “Do you—” She stopped talking. Paul was now gazing at Rose across the table with a look that said he’d forgotten anyone else was in the room.

At the Thursday Auction in a Truro warehouse, Gia pulled out a lined book, made notes of lots she was interested in, and marked the corresponding auction house list with a star. Rose was right, most of the time it was just junk. This was definitely not Sotherby’s, but she had a sharp eye and could spot a few treasures. She studied a set of Mikasa china with pink poppy-like Japanese flowers on the square plates. Some were chipped, but they may be able to sell the others for replacement dishes if the bidding didn’t get too high. Noting how many were cracked, Gia moved on to the next lot. They wouldn’t be able to sell any that were damaged or had marks like a spider web on the glazing, but she knew a woman who would buy those to break up and use for mosaic patterns on flowerpots. 
Under the notebook were five pages of listed houses for sale she had picked up from the real estate office on her way to the auction. Until she reported back to her mother with the descriptions of these houses she would have no peace. On top was a picture of Mary’s house and yet there had been no ‘for sale’ sign outside. Did Mary even know that her house had been listed?
Her eye fell on an old wooden toolbox, handmade and splattered with light green paint. In the box were rusty nuts and bolts, wrenches and wooden handled screwdrivers and hammers. One tool caught her eye. Longer than the box, it didn’t seem to match the other tools. The metal head was twice the width of a hammer and ended in a point. 
“Haven’t seen one of those in a long time.” said the man next to her. “You going to be bidding on this lot?” he asked.
“I may. What is it?” Gia asked, handing the tool to the man.
“It’s a miner’s pick. Any tools with wooden handles are pretty old. The miners used to put their initials on their tools. See here.” He pointed to the initials ‘A.K.’ carved in the handle.
“It looks like it’s had a lot of use,” said Gia.
“People don’t take care of tools these days. None of these have been cleaned.” He returned the pick to the box. “If you bid on these you may want to donate the pick to the mining museum.”
Gia nodded absently thinking about all the local tools that could have killed Joe.

“I’m not going to the Newlyn house,” Gia told Holly as they followed the main road from Truro. 
“Isn’t it on the list?” 
“It is, but I’m still not looking at it. Mary doesn’t want to move. She told me so. This has got to be Pat’s doing.”
“Pat can’t sell it unless her mum signs the contract,” said Holly coming to a t-junction and turning right.
“But why would she agree to giving up her home. She doesn’t want to go into a rest home.”
“I think it might be fun.”
This wasn’t a surprise. Holly thought everything was a big holiday.
“After all,” Holly continued. “Someone cooks your meals, cleans for you and all you have to do is amuse yourself. They have painting classes, and dance classes for those who can get around.”
“But she’d be with all those old people.”
“Gia, Mary is old. She’s nearly sixty.”
“Less than thirty years and you’ll be sixty.”
“I plan on aging gracefully. I’m never cutting my hair,” said Holly, shaking her head for emphasis.
“I’m still not looking at it for mum and dad. Turn right up here and we’ll look at the next one.”
“Does your mum want to move this far out of town?”
“She wants a swimming pool and none of the gardens are big enough for a swimming pool in Lowenna.”
“You’ve got to be kidding. Doesn’t she remember what the weather is like here? She’ll only be able to use it one week out of the year.”
“Indoor. She wants an indoor pool. She’s still freaked out about that alligator.”
“We don’t have alligators in England,” Holly stated the obvious.
“Tell my mother that.” 
Gia leaned back in the seat and closed her eyes. She couldn’t imagine anyone advising her mother. Once she got an idea the woman was as annoying as a house fly. 
“I’ve got to admit your Jeep is comfortable and I can see all the way over the hedgerows,” said Gia.
“I told you Stefan knew what he was doing and Barry’s going on vacation so I’ll have some extra hours at the pub.”
“You’re going to cover for him?”
“Yeah. It will give me some extra money. I won’t have to make a payment for the Jeep this month, but it will be a bit tight what with the higher insurance.”
At least Holly was thinking proactively and planning for a bigger monthly expense. This was something new. 
They pulled into the pebbled driveway of an older house and Gia knew immediately this wasn’t the one. In the front yard were paving stones in the shape of . . . an alligator.


Chapter 8
“La donna e mobile,” Holly sang in a rhythm not unlike the clack of the train wheels beneath her. “Qual piuma al vento . . .” She looked up from the song sheet and her eyes focused on an island. “I can see Venice.”
“Do you even know what you’re singing?” asked Gia with a condescending click of her tongue against the roof of her mouth.
“Isn’t it the Italian national anthem?”
Gia laughed. “No, you twit. It’s from Verde’s opera – Rigoletto.”
“It must be something romantic.” Holly looked puzzled. “Isn’t it?”
“You just sang woman is flighty like a feather in the wind.” Gia dismissed further discussion by opening the window and leaning out. Sometimes she sounded pompous and didn’t mean to, but her friend simply didn’t think before she opened her mouth, something Gia herself was often guilty of too. As the wind whipped her hair, and she breathed in the strong smell of brine, she vowed to be more patient, especially during this trip which they had both looked forward to.
 “Gia, you’re going to fall off the train if you keep leaning out the window. I can’t believe you’ve never been here before. Didn’t you want to see where your mum and dad met?”
 Gia nodded and slid into a seat facing Holly.
Walking past, a man stopped for a moment to get his balance as the train jostled to and fro. His muscles rippled beneath a white t-shirt when he gripped the back of Holly’s seat, and as they faced each other, he winked. Holly shrugged and turned back to Gia.
“I think Tony Fenten is a nice bloke,” said Gia.
	“What on earth brought that on?”
“That man.”
“The only thing resembling Tony Fenten was the muscles,” Holly leaned her head around the seat to get a better look.
Gia smiled and glanced out the window. Turning back to Holly she leaned forward. “He just seems to be the kind of man who helps people. I saw him with an old lady the other day and he helped her across the road.”
“Sounds like the beginning of a joke.”
“Whatever.”
“He has a record you know,” said Holly. “GBH.”
“Grievous bodily harm. No. Surely not.”
“That’s what I heard. Or maybe it was ABH.”
“Well,” observed Gia. “Accidental Bodily Harm is a whole different story.”
“Regardless,” added Holly. “He could have hoisted old man Newlyn into the river just like that.” Holly clicked her fingers making a snapping sound and Gia flinched.
“I still think Pat did it.”
“Why, Miss Amateur Detective, do you think Pat did it?” asked Holly.
“Just a feeling. Woman’s intuition.”
“Well if this intuition thing was working, you would know you don’t have a thing to worry about with David and yet you still keep doubting him.”
“Whatever,” said Gia which was fast becoming her punctuation for the end of a sentence.
Holly shrugged again and turned to the window. “It’s hard to believe there’s a city way out there.” She looked out at the expanse of water while Gia snapped pictures and the train trundled along the causeway. 
Drawing closer to the island, they spotted boats bobbing in the water: fishing boats, tour boats, water taxis. 
“Will you stop clicking that . . .” Holly blinked as the flash went off. “. . . camera.” She opened a pocket guidebook. “Where do you want to go first?”  
“Let me see.” Gia slid into the seat next to her friend. “Do you want to take a vaporetto to San Marco Square or shall we get a water taxi?”  Gia glanced at her watch. “It’s too early to check into the hotel. We could leave our luggage in a locker and walk from the Santa Lucia train station to San Marco Square and look at the shops on the way. Then vaporetto number one is the best way to take the Grand Canal tour back to the station. There’s a map showing all the sights along the canal.”
The train jerked to a stop at Venezia Santa Lucia.
“I told Rose I would call her when we got here,” said Gia as she pulled her case from the train’s luggage area by the door. “I wish we could have found out where Sarah lives. It would cheer Mary up to know we’d seen her.”
“We didn’t really have much to go on,” replied Holly. “I don’t think our cell phones work. We’ll have to get a phone card,” said Holly.
Gia heaved her case from the train. “There’s a machine over there.”
“Great. It’s by the lockers.” Holly straightened her case. “We can leave our luggage here, you call Rose, then we’ll do some sightseeing.”
Gia slid the card in and dialed Rose’s number. “It’s ringing.” She tapped her foot and looked at Holly. “Still ring—” She turned back to the phone. “Rose. Just wanted to let you know we’re here . . . Yes, in Venice . . .Yes. She’s standing next to me.” She nodded toward Holly. “Are Canute and Daisy okay? Mmm give her a bit of cheese with her food.” She placed her hand on the mouthpiece and looked at Holly. “Daisy’s not eating.” She turned back. “Or fish. She likes fish. Rose, did David get home?  Yes. . . Okay.” She handed the phone to Holly. “David didn’t get home yet. She wants to talk to you.”
Holly took the phone. “Rose.” She paused. “Really?” She turned her back to Gia as she listened. “Tomorrow? Okay.” She docked the phone.
“What was that all about?”
“Nothing.” Holly grinned.
“What do you mean nothing?” asked Gia.
“Well, nothing important.” 
“What’s happening tomorrow?”
“Can’t tell you,” said Holly shoving the suitcase into a locker.
Gia opened her mouth.
Her friend raised her palm. “Stop.”
 “Sometimes you can be exasperating. You’d better tell me tomorrow what Rose is up to.”
With a wink, Holly pocketed the locker key and pointed toward the station exit. Together they crossed the bridge and stopped for a moment to watch the boats pass below. The flotilla followed the snake-like path of the two mile long canal. On the other side, they walked through a maze of narrow lanes stopping occasionally to admire handmade lace from Burano, and the Murano vases and figures. Gia stared at the tree limbs made from white glass and filling the shop window. Dotted on the branches were tangerine and avocado colored glass birds.
“Look at the map and see how far we are from the Piazza?” asked Holly.
They stopped by a covered well, capped and no longer used, and Gia spread out the map, smoothing the creases with the edge of her hand. While Gia studied the map, Holly wandered over to a salmon pink building and leaned against a small church abutting the house. 
“Antonio Vivaldi was baptized here,” she said pointing to a plaque. “Take a picture.”
Folding the map, Gia quickly glanced at the church, snapped a shot, and then pointed toward a narrow lane. “This way.” 
They crossed uneven cobblestones and walked through an alleyway barely the width of a Range Rover. Gia glanced up at the uneven walls. The paint was chipped on the mustard colored plaster and the houses leaned closer together at the top. Stopping at an open air market stall, Gia picked up a glass paperweight and twisted it, watching the scarlet flowers catch the light. “I think I’ll get this for Rose.” She leaned forward. “Or maybe this one. Oops, sorry.”
Startled when Gia bumped into her, the customer withdrew her hand. As the long sleeve of her blue paisley blouse moved, Gia noticed a silver bracelet with a dangling heart. She turned and stared into the woman’s eyes.
“Aren’t you Mary’s —?” 
The woman jerked her hand away.
“Sarah!” said Gia, not sure which of them was more surprised.
Leaning her head forward, the young woman allowed long hair, the color of chocolate, to fall around her face. She quickly swiveled around and pushed through the crowd.
“What did you do?”  Holly asked.
 “That was Sarah. Did you see her eyes? They’re green just like Mary’s.” 
“Where’re you going?”
“Stay here. I promised Mary I’d find her.” Gia elbowed her way from the stall, catching a whiff of garlic from the old man next to her. “Sarah!” she called, waving her hand in the air. “Sarah! wait!”
Moving into a small open space between the stalls, which paralleled each other along the small street, Gia bounced on the balls of her feet eyeing the crowd. She spotted Sarah at the top of the steps leading to a small domed bridge, but when she reached it, tourists spilled from the glass factory and Sarah disappeared. With her elbows on the bridge railing, Gia stared at a small boat winding its way along the canal.
“Gia!” Holly huffed loudly. “What was that all about?”
“It was Sarah. I’m sure of it.”
“Surely not.”
“Her bracelet was just like Mary’s.” Gia bit her lip. “Mary said she thought Sarah was in Benezia. I bet she meant Venezia – Venice.”
“I wonder why she ran off,” Holly swiveled a lipstick and with a small mirror poised, she glanced at her hand. “Well, poo. I broke a nail.”
“She obviously didn’t want to talk to us,” said Gia ignoring Holly who was inspecting her fuchsia-colored nails as if she had just noticed them. “My feet are aching. Is it much farther to the square?”
Holly threw the lipstick and mirror in her bag and filed her nail. “I think we’re pretty close.”
They walked down the steps and along a narrow lane leading to an archway. “This is it.”
Framed in the arch was San Marco Piazza. Gia gasped as she took in the square’s expanse. After the narrow lanes it seemed out of place on the island.
“Can you believe that?”  Holly nodded toward an orchestra playing outside a restaurant. “This is unreal. This is the most romantic place ever.”
David came suddenly to mind. “Yeah, romantic,” Gia mumbled under her breath.
Was Rose telling her the truth? Was he still in Germany? David could be in Lowenna at this very moment smiling at Tiffany and wishing he had never let her go.
Clicking her fingers in the air, Holly stared at her friend. “Snap out of it. What is wrong with you?”
Gia shrugged and headed through the archway into the bright expanse of the square. A flock of birds dispersed, followed by a small boy waving his arms. Gia shrieked as a stray pigeon flew toward her. Holly laughed, and pushing thoughts of David and Tiffany away, Gia suggested touring San Marco’s Basilica. 
“We could take a tour of the Grand Canal afterwards, go and get our luggage and then on to the hotel,” said Gia.
“Can we get something to eat first?  There’s a restaurant near the quay looking out toward San Giorgio Maggiore. We’d have a good view of the gondolas coming and going.”
“Sure.”

After a short walk, they seated themselves and studied the menu.”
“Are you going to tell me what Rose said?” asked Gia.
Holly shook her head. “Nope.”
Gia watched the gondolier struggling to maneuver his vessel in the deep water before turning toward the canal, leading under the Bridge of Sighs. “It’s probably easier for them once they get into the canals. They’re not very deep.” She turned to Holly. “Do you want to go on one tomorrow?”
Holly grinned. “Maybe.”
“Now what?”
“How romantic. Look at that couple. They’re playing violins in the gondola next to them.”
“Holly!  Holly Mitchell.” 
Holly turned as she felt a tug on her sleeve. “Natalie what are you doing here?  Do you remember my friend?”  
“Gia, isn’t it? My parents own the Roskyn hotel. You helped us out one summer.”
“The Roskyn Hotel?” The hotel was close to where she lived, but she hadn’t seen Natalie for years. She rarely saw anyone from the hotel. The entrance faced the sea which was fortunate as Tiffany had chosen to deposit her designer luggage at that very hotel. Was David there with her? Was he just a hop, skip and a jump from her little cottage?  
“It’s the blond hair,” said Natalie bringing Gia’s thoughts back to the present. “I changed it when I was in college.”
Well, that explained why she hadn’t seen Natalie for a while. She’d been away at college. 
“Listen,” continued Natalie. “We’re all going to a club night.” She gestured toward a group of women by the water. “We found it by accident yesterday. Do you want to go?”
Holly raised her eyebrows. “Gia?”
“Sure it would be fun,” said Gia without much enthusiasm. She wasn’t nocturnal like Holly.
“We’re meeting at the Piazza at seven.”
With a wave over her shoulder, Natalie disappeared into a crowd of tourists.
Holly snapped her fingers. “Wake up. What’re you in the doldrums about now?”
“Tiffany’s staying at the Roskyn Hotel.”
	“Well, I’ll have a chat with Natalie and have her put a spider in Tiffany’s bed or a crab or something.”
The corner of Gia’s lips twitched in a smile. “Natalie looks different.”
“Yeah. She says she’s reinventing herself.”
Both girls sat with their own thoughts. Two children ran past a restaurant sign asking patrons not to feed the birds and threw ice cream wafers in the air.
“I’m looking forward to tonight,” said Holly.
Gia didn’t share her friend’s enthusiasm and wished she knew where David was.

Later that afternoon, Gia leaned on the vaporetto railing, feeling the boat jerk away from the dock. 
“What are those buildings?” asked Holly.
Glancing down at the guidebook, Gia followed the path of the canal, which had been formed from the remnants of a river, with her finger. “Merchant’s palaces. And there’s the Rialto Bridge.” Gia turned as the woman standing next to her pointed to the bridge and jangled a charm bracelet. “I wonder why Sarah hasn’t stayed in touch with Mary. I heard she came here on holiday and decided to stay.”
“No. It was something to do with her stepfather. Sarah was always a bit headstrong. He told her to leave and she had a friend living in Italy so she moved here. “I didn’t know she was in Venice though. “ I wouldn’t . . .” Holly paused. “Never mind.”
“I wish you would finish your sentences. It’s very infuriating when you stop like that.”
“I’m still not telling you what Rose said, but . . .”
Gia turned and gave her stop-with-the-nonsense look.
“. . . but if Sarah hadn’t been so far away I wouldn’t be surprised if she bumped off Joe Newlyn.”
“Really?”
“I saw her with a black eye one time. He was mean to her.”
“Seems he passed it on to Pat.”
“Follow the money.”
“What do you mean?” asked Gia.
“It’s usually about money, and Pat wouldn’t have benefitted from her dad’s death with Mary still alive. Now Tony Fenten that’s another matter.”
“How would he benefit?”
“He got a new car didn’t he?”
“A second hand one. That makes no sense. Here’s the station.”
They jostled off the boat and headed to the luggage area. 

“I love this room.” Gia bounced on the bed. “Look we can see the canal from the balcony.”
Holly took out the guidebook. “What do you say we do Burano tomorrow and watch them making lace?”
“Fine with me.” Gia looked over. Holly’s head was lowered, but she could see a smile creep to the sides of her mouth. “Why are you grinning?” she asked.
“I wasn’t. Just looking through the book. Tonight is going to be fun. It will be a nice change to dress up a bit and go out.” She winked. 

  “Get in Gia.” Holly pushed her friend toward the gondola as merchants packed up their market stalls and lights flickered on in the hotels along the Riva Degli Shiavoni. The earlier river of tourists along the promenade had trickled away.
“It’s moving.” 
“Oh, good grief.” Holly sounded exasperated. “Grab the man’s hand. He’s trying to help you.”
The gondolier, dressed in a black top, with horizontal white stripes and black trousers, kept a firm grip on the punt and held the other hand out toward Gia.
“I shouldn’t have worn a dress. That was a stupid idea of yours.”
“Well you didn’t want to go back to the hotel and change before we meet Natalie.”
Gia climbed into the rocking boat and shrieked. “Holly!” She turned to see Holly backing away from the dock edge. “Where are you going?”
“To meet Natalie.” Holly turned and called over her shoulder. “Have fun.”
“Holly! Come back. Holly!”
“Excuse me miss. Is this seat taken?” 
She turned as the boat rocked and stared up into the familiar brown eyes. “David,” Gia whispered.
He guided her on to the seat. “I couldn’t wait to see you.” He sat next to her.
“But— ”
“I took the train down here.”
“But Holly—”
“She’ll be fine. She went off with her friends. Anyway, she said if you went out with them you’d want to go home early.”
“I don’t always want to go home early,” said Gia indignantly.
David put his arm around her. “Yeah you do.” He signaled for the gondolier to pull away.
“So this is your first time in Venice?”
She nodded.
“Then we need to make it memorable.” He leaned over and gently kissed her.
Gia hugged him tightly. “I’ve missed you. There’s been so much going on.”
He put his finger on her lips. “Not now. Let’s just enjoy being together.”
She snuggled up against him as he pointed out the house of Marco Polo.
“I was going to wait until we got back to give you this.” He pulled a small velvet box from his pocket. “I saw this in Germany and had to get it for you.”
She held out her hand.
“Before you open it, there’s something I need to ask you.”
She stared into his eyes. 
“Will you . . .”
She flipped open the box and gasped.
“. . . marry me?”
She stared at the princess cut diamond – the square shape glistening in the fading sunlight. “David.” 
“Well?”
She frowned as they were shadowed by a bridge.
“What’s wrong?”
“David it’s beautiful but—”
“But what?”
“What about Tiffany?”
From the corner of her eye she saw David watching her twist the ring between her fingers. She slipped it on as far as her knuckle, then put it back into the box.
“I don’t understand. How do you even know about Tiffany?”
She raised her eyebrow.
“That was over a long time ago.”
“She’s in Lowenna. She said she was your fiancée.”
“That’s just ridiculous. We went out for a few months and then I moved back to Truro.”
“So—”  
“I haven’t heard from her since.” He thought for a moment. “It was over two years ago.”
She bit her lip.
“Gia, surely you know me better than that.” He smiled weakly.
“I thought I knew Alan better than that and you know how that turned out.”
“You still didn’t answer me. For heaven’s sake, Gia. Will you marry me?”
She snapped the box shut.
“David I want to, but I want this Tiffany business sorted out first. She handed him the box.
He raised his palm up. “You keep it. When you’re ready to wear it let me know. “We’ll find out what’s going on when we get back.”
“David . . .” The words caught in her throat and she stared into his brown eyes unable to read his blank expression.
The air around her chilled. Gia shivered and watched David’s profile as he removed his arm from her shoulders and signaled for the gondolier to pull into a dock. Why had he chosen that moment to ask her to marry him?  It should have been special, but all she could think about was that darn woman. 
“Don’t say any more. Let’s just enjoy the rest of the evening,” said David.
She gazed down at the box. The rocking boat jostled her already upset stomach. He was right this wasn’t the time to discuss Tiffany. She could have kept quiet about the woman. If only David  hadn’t asked her to marry him. She couldn’t accept the ring. She couldn’t agree to marry him. She couldn’t give her heart to him completely until she knew that woman was out of his life. Gia glanced at David from the corner of her eye. He seemed neither upset, nor angry that she had refused him. What did that mean?  Was he relieved she hadn’t accepted his proposal?  Was he confident she would eventually say yes, or was he thinking about that woman who was named after a glass lampshade? Gia was sure that if Holly were here she would tell Gia that men don’t think, and to stop psycho-analyzing a man who was probably trying to decide what he was going to eat for dinner.
“There’s a wonderful restaurant near here,” David said. 
He stepped out of the boat, held out his hand and helped her out. He paid the gondolier. “Cheer up. It can’t possibly be as bad as you think. Obviously a misunderstanding.”
Gia wished her stomach wasn’t in knots and wished she had the confidence David had, but she anticipated that this would not be cleared up quickly, and that woman would not leave without a fight. 

The following morning, Gia propped her feet on the balcony rail and sipped dark brown espresso, watching someone balance a large chest in a small boat followed by another, full of furniture.
Holly slumped in a chair, then pulled her knees toward her and stretched her long t-shirt over them covering tanned legs. “How long have you been up?”
“Quite a while Miss Sunshine.” Gia breathed in the coffee aroma. “This stuff smells much better than it tastes.”
Holly grabbed her hand. “Where’s the ring?”
Gia snatched her hand away. “You knew?”
“Not exactly. Just had an inkling.” Holly settled back in the chair. “So. Did he propose or not?”
“Yes.”
“Where’s the ring?”  She repeated, and then drew a sharp intake of breath. “Don’t tell me you turned him down. Gia!”
“Have you forgotten that another woman thinks she’s his fiancée?”
“There must be a simple explanation. David wouldn’t be unfaithful. He adores you.”
Gia reached into the neck of her shirt and pulled out a necklace. The ring dangled from the chain. “He said to keep the ring until it gets sorted out.”
“Wow. It’s beautiful. That’s got to be more than a carat.” Holly leaned over and took a closer look. “Where’s he staying?”
“Somewhere by the Rialto Bridge.”
“So. Are you going back with him?”
“I came with you.”
“It’s just that my friends are going back on Tuesday and I thought I might stay a few days.”
“Holly!”
“You can stay too if you want.”
“You’re impossible.”
“There’s something else I need to tell you.” She turned toward the door. “I saw Sarah last night.”
“Mary’s Sarah?”
Holly nodded.
Outside a man shouted greetings as two boats passed and then the noise faded. The lull was interrupted by a rap on the door. 
“Is that someone knocking?” asked Gia.
“I told Sarah about Joe and said you’d been to see her mum.” Holly turned her back to the door as if an actor in a play had mistimed an entrance.
Gia stood. “There’s someone at the door, Holly.”
“I’ll get it. I told her to be here around ten.” 
“Sarah?”
The knocking became more urgent.
“I’ll let her in,” said Gia when Holly didn’t make a move.
Sarah stood in the doorway. Her facial features were much like her mother’s, but she was taller. Her dark brown hair was long and straight and as she turned, Gia saw small round gold earrings – three in each ear. She wore faded jeans, a plain aqua blue t-shirt and leather sandals.
“I wasn’t sure if I wanted to come. Holly’s very persuasive.”
“That’s an understatement. Come on in,” said Gia.
“Holly said you’d been to see Mum,” said Sarah following Gia toward the balcony.
Gia nodded and pulled out a chair for Sarah.
“How is she?”
 “Not that great,” said Holly leaning back in her chair and propping her feet on the table.
Gia glared at Holly. “She’s doing okay. It’s just — ”
“It’s Pat isn’t it?” asked Sarah. She fiddled with the heart on her silver bracelet.
“Pat wants her to go into an old people’s home.”
“Holly, will you shut up,” snapped Gia.
“Why?  Why would she want mum to move?”
“Your sister — ”
Sarah corrected her. “She’s not my sister.”
“Your half sister then. She’s having some struggles,” said Gia.
Holly leaned forward. “She looks loaded on drugs most of the time.”
“Drugs?” asked Sarah.
“Yep,” said Holly. 
“Holly why don’t you run down stairs and get us something to eat?” suggested Gia.
“Fine.” Holly pulled on her jeans and jumped up, yanking the zipper before she landed on the Terrazzo tiled floor.
As the door closed, Gia turned toward Sarah. “Why don’t you come home?”
“There’s nothing there for me.”
“Your mum could do with some help.”
“I’ll think about it. What happened to Joe?’
Gia noticed she didn’t refer to him as dad. “They found him in the water.”
“Drowned?”
“Doesn’t look like it,” said Gia.
“Well I hope he suffered. He made all of us suffer enough.”
“Sarah, he’s gone. Come home.”
“Like I said. I’ll think about it.” She twisted the heart on the end of her bracelet.
Holly opened the door. “I got them to make some tea – looks like dishwater though.” She placed the tray on a table. “And some of these biscuity things.”
“Biscotti. It’s called Biscotti,” said Gia.
Sarah stood. “I need to go. I’m working at a café near San Marco Square.”
She reached the door and opened it as David raised his hand to knock.
“Sarah?”
“David!  What are you doing here?”
“I’m . . . Gia and I are . . . never mind.”
“Next time I run away I need to find somewhere less popular. Is there anyone left in Lowenna?”  The door slammed.
“Well, that went well.” Holly munched on a biscotti. “All those cheap flights from Newquay must be paying off.”
“Don’t you have a hangover or something?” asked David.
“Nope. Never get them.” She sipped the tea and cringed. “So. That’s settled then. You two lovebirds can go back together and I’ll move in with Natalie for a couple of days.”
She turned toward the balcony. “Look at that.” They watched Sarah cross the bridge and walk up to a man leaning on the rail. He turned and wrapped his arms around her.
Gia leaned over the balcony. “Isn’t that— ”
David nodded. “It’s Tony Fenten.”

Chapter 9
Under a gray-dappled English sky, a train pulled away from the Truro platform and Gia stood on tip toe looking for Holly who waved then ducked into the ladies room. Gia had returned with David on Sunday, leaving Holly with Natalie in Venice. 
With a sigh, Gia left the station and unlocked her Volkswagen Golf. Holly couldn’t be far from a mirror for any length of time and was probably fluffing her hair and refreshing her lipstick.
“Thanks for picking me up from the station,” said Holly a few minutes later as she stuffed her suitcase, along with some bright yellow plastic bags stamped Duty Free, into the back and closed the hatch.
Gia climbed behind the wheel. “I was beginning to wonder if you were ever coming home. Honestly Holly, I never know what you’re going to do.”
They maneuvered into traffic and headed down Station Road. 
Holly shrugged and pulled down the visor, running her finger along the outline of her coral pink lips. “I have an adventurous spirit.”
“You said you were going to work to get ahead on your car payments,” Gia reminded her, then turned the wheel sharply, causing Holly to fall against the door.
“Steady on Gia. What are you so ticked off about?” Holly eyed her friend with suspicion then nodded. “I get it. Tiffany. That explains the dark rings under your eyes.”
“I don’t want to talk about Tiffany and I don’t have dark rings. I just . . . I . . . Anyway, don’t change the subject. How could you afford to stay so long in Venice?”
“It was only three days. Natalie’s dad knows the owner of the hotel we stayed in so we all got a free room which is just as well.” Holly unwrapped pink chewing gum and popped it into her mouth.
“I swear, Holly, if you fell down a drain you’d find a gold ring down there.”
Their conversations often resembled a ping pong ball passing backwards and forwards and Gia rarely expected to get Holly’s right brain thinking to move left.
  “What do you mean just as well?” Gia asked as they drove down the hill.
“My bank card wouldn’t work. I ran out of money.” She smacked her gum.
After mastering a roundabout, Gia glanced at Holly and wondered why she bothered. Holly’s temporary bout of responsibility had drifted off as quickly as it had arrived. She had more chance of reasoning with her neighbor, Jimmy and he was seven. Taking a deep breath, she tried again. 
“Have you called the bank?” Gia asked.
“I called Stefan and he said he would get it sorted, but the card still won’t work.” Holly blew a large pink bubble until it burst.
“What about your savings?”
“I can’t get to any of it. I’ll go to the bank later. Is Tiffany still around then?”
“David was supposed to meet her this morning.” Gia blended into traffic on a double roundabout. “I hate these roundabouts. How on earth do you figure out who’s supposed to go first?”
“I just close my eyes and drive through.”
“You what?” 
“I’m kidding. Really, Gia you’ve got to lighten up.”
With her grip on the wheel making her knuckles white, she turned her head toward Holly. “Holly, what if he wants to get back with her?”
“You’re the one with the ring. Watch the street, Gia!”
She turned her head toward a hedgerow lined lane, and steered with one hand. The other touched a diamond ring dangling from a gold chain. “But he gave me that before he knew she was looking for him.”
Her shoulders slumped and her stomach gurgled. The old familiar uncomfortable feeling returned. If he rekindled his romance with Tiffany she would leave, run away. She couldn’t stay here and watch them together, see them visit her friend Rose, David’s mother, see them holding hands. “I can’t live in Lowenna if he goes back to her,” she blurted out.
“You’ve got nothing to worry about. If you did, he would be meeting her for dinner, not during the day.” 
Holly, who devoured every woman’s magazine with an article on relationships, was confident in her summing up of the courtship rituals and dismissed Gia’s fears. She took the red, silver flecked band from her hair, sleeked back the dark strands and replaced the band. “Have you told Mary you saw Sarah?” asked Holly pulling the pale pink wad of gum from her mouth and wrapping it in a discarded receipt from the floor.
“Not yet. I’m going to stop by this afternoon.”
“Can we get something to drink on the way home?”  Holly smacked her lips. “I’m parched.” 
They drove into Lowenna, passing the Seahorse Café, where Gia saw David, and honked the horn. He turned, but didn’t smile. Tiffany was leaning on the table as close as she could get to him without climbing on it.
“He doesn’t look happy,” Holly said.
“Is that good or bad?”  Gia took her hand from the steering wheel and nibbled on a jagged nail. 
They pulled in front of the King William pub.
When the two of them reached the courtyard, Holly suggested sitting outside, and then pulled out a wooden chair. 
“Hey, Barry can you get us a drink?” she called.
Gia took a napkin from the table and flicked it on the wooden slatted chair. She scooted the chair back so that she had an uninterrupted view of the Seahorse Café.
 “Holly. When did you get back?” asked Barry.
“Just got here. Can you get me a ploughman’s lunch and a lager with lime?”
“Make that two.” Without taking her gaze from David and Tiffany, Gia held up two fingers. “Do you think I should go over to the café?”
“Are you crazy?  He needs to get this sorted himself.” Holly shook her head.
Gia moved the ring backwards and forwards on the chain.
“I thought you’d be happy once David got home, but you look a nervous wreck. If you don’t stop moving that ring, you’ll start a fire.”
Gia gazed at the children’s wading pool. “What?” She asked distractedly.
“Snap out of it,” said Holly clapping her hands together. Did you find anything out about Tony Fenten?”
Gia leaned forward. “That was strange seeing him in Venice. I was beginning to think Pat or Terry had something to do with Joe’s murder, but if Sarah knows Tony Fenten maybe they’re in it together. After all Tony had problems with Joe over the sale of that car. Everyone knows Sarah hated her stepfather.” 
“Terry wouldn’t have anything to gain from killing him. He wouldn’t get the money Joe owed him if he was dead,” Holly observed.
Two people moved to a table obstructing her view, and Gia shifted her chair. Tiffany sat across from David with her head cocked to one side and twisting a strand of blond hair around her finger. 
“Gia, are you listening?” Holly waved her palm in front of her friend. “I said Terry wouldn’t have anything to gain from killing Joe. Apparently, Terry Devoran is a bit of a gambler,” Holly continued. “He owes gambling debts so he may have been desperate to get that money from Joe.” 
Holly had gained her attention, and Gia moved her chair closer to the table and leaned her elbows on the rough faded wood. “He could have lost his temper. You saw how he was at the talent show.”
“Or,” added Holly. “He could have taken Joe’s wallet. Mary said he’d been paid for a car he sold.”
“Or, what if Joe hit a winning streak?”
 “Let’s face it, we don’t really know much about Terry or his connection with Pat. What about Ruby?” asked Holly.
“She came back.” Gia watched David hand money to the waitress. Would he pay for Tiffany’s lunch if he wanted her to get lost?
“She did? Gia, Ruby came back?”
“Mmm. Susan thought she’d been kidnapped by aliens after they found her car abandoned on the road to London.” They both slowly shook their heads. “Ruby found a sugar daddy in London,” continued Gia. “And he came back with her. She’s living in a cottage up on the dunes. Well, not so much a sugar daddy . . . more a boy toy. I haven’t seen him though.”
“That was quick work.” Holly took a plate from Barry and popped a pickled onion into her mouth, squirting pickle juice down her chin. “But didn’t she come from London.”
“Yeah, she has family there. A sister I think,” said Gia.
“Had a son in the navy too,” added Holly spreading butter liberally on the French bread, then adding a slice of Cheshire cheese. “I wonder what happened to him.”
“Joe upset a lot of people,” said Gia, her attention now caught by David and Tiffany. “It may not have been anyone from the village,” she said absently.
“Before you go on with your list of suspects Ms. Sleuth, are you sure Joe was actually killed.”
“No.”
Holly clicked her tongue against her teeth and shaking her head, slumped in the chair. 
Rubbing her temple, Gia felt the beginnings of a headache coming on. How could she explain that this was just a feeling? Being at Mary’s cottage gave her the shivers like there was something not quite right there. “But . . . I don’t know that he wasn’t killed either.” Gia scrunched her brow. “Do you think he saw us?”
“Who?”
“David.”
“Not sure – are you seeing him tonight?”  Holly bit into a wedge of Cheshire cheese.
Gia broke off a piece of crusty French bread and popped it into her mouth “I’m making dinner.”
“Not spaghetti?” asked Holly.
“No.”
“Thank goodness for that. You nearly burned the house down last time you made it.”
“I’m making chicken Marsala, and there wasn’t a fire. It was just smoke because the chimney was blocked and it had nothing to do with my cooking.” 
Holly raised a neatly defined eyebrow. 
“It’s easy,” said Gia. From the corner of her eye she saw a shadow accompanied by a strong smell of fish.
 “What’s easy?” asked Mr. Trewellyn resting his calloused fisherman’s hand gently on her shoulder.
“Mr. Trewellyn. How are you?”  She pushed out a chair with her foot. 
“The missus threw me out,” he said gesturing toward Trewellyn’s where Iris swept the pavement. “She said ‘twould be better if I took care of my boat and let her take care of the shop.” He put a pint glass of amber colored ale on the table. “Probably not a bad idea. She’s the one with a head for business.” He slid into the vacant chair.
“Gia’s cooking for David,” said Holly.
“Oh. Well maybe it will turn out all right this time,” he said with little conviction.
“Really. I don’t know what everyone is making such a fuss about,” said Gia.
Mr. Trewellyn shrugged. “I just saw that boyfriend of yours coming out of Raving Beauty,” he said to Holly.
“The nail place? Are you sure it was Stefan?” asked Holly.
“Must be a German thing,” added Gia looking down at Mr. Trewellyn’s grubby nails. “He does always look very well turned out I must admit.” There. She’d managed to say something nice about the man who she thought was less than tasteful, less than honest, and by far the worst boyfriend Holly had been linked with. Turning toward Mr. Trewellyn, she quickly changed the subject. “Iris told me you were looking for Daphne. I don’t remember anyone called Daphne working at the museum.”
“Museum?” John gulped back the remainder of his beer, smacked his lips and put the glass on the table.
	They all watched beer froth slide down the inside of the glass.
	“Susan said she should be at the museum,” added Gia.
John Trewellyn laughed deep from within his core. “Not working at the museum. In the museum.”
“Same again, Mr. Trewellyn?” asked Barry.
John nodded. “Just a half please, Barry.” He pulled his chair close to the table. “Daphne was turned into a laurel bush.”
	“Witchcraft?” whispered Holly.
	“No,” said John. “Greek mythology. Her father didn’t want her to marry Apollo so he turned her into a laurel bush.”
	“What’s that got to do with Lady Daphne working at the museum?” asked Gia.
	“Not working there, but an exhibit,” said John. “She was a figurehead on the last boat they built in the harbor here. 1877 it was,” he gestured toward the harbor wall. “It made many runs across the Atlantic, but ended up in Wales and in 1948 it was broken up. Most of the figureheads were carved like Roman or Greek characters in those days.” He blew air from pursed lips. “Twenty five pounds, that’s all The Lady Daphne was sold for. We want her back. She’s our lady.”
They all looked toward the harbor and nodded. 
“So is it Daphne or the laurel bush that you’re trying to get back?” asked Holly puzzled.
	“Just Daphne,” said John. The laughter lines of his weathered face creased. Barry handed him a half pint and the fisherman took a long swig.
John Trewellyn had a shorter attention span than Holly, and as if mentally ticking off a list of village gossip to be shared, he looked up at the rain filled clouds and gave a gentle nod of his head. “The missus said P.C. Jones was in the shop this morning looking for Tony Fenten.” 
“Tony?” asked Holly.
The women exchanged glances.
“They’ve been going house to house looking for that World War II plaque. They found something suspicious in Tony’s shed, but he wouldn’t take something like that. Good as gold is Tony.”
“What did they find?” asked Gia.
“I don’t know. P.C. Jones didn’t want to say.”
 “That’s unusual for him,” said Holly.
“I bet Mrs. Jones will be talking at the next knitting circle.”
Holly glanced at Gia from the corner of her eye.
“What do you two know?” asked John Trewellyn.
“Nothing,” the women said in unison.
“You’re up to something.”
“Us?” asked Holly sopping up pickle juice from her plate with the remainder of the crusty bread.
“Well, I’ve got to get back.” He swigged the ale. “Plenty of nets need mending before I go out fishing again.”
“Good luck with finding Lady Daphne,” said Gia.
	They watched him walk away.
“You know I’ve never seen him without Wellington boots on,” said Holly. “I wonder if he sleeps in them.”
“I bet P.C. Jones doesn’t know Tony Fenten was in Venice,” said Gia.
Across the street, they both watched David climb into his burnt orange sports car, slam the door and drive off.
“There goes David,” Holly stated the obvious.
Gia stood and raised her hand to wave.
 “Oh dear. That doesn’t look good,” said Holly as they heard tires screech.
“I wonder if dinner is on or off.” She took out her phone. “I should call him.”
“Gia. Don’t you ever read Cosmo?”  Holly reached over and grabbed the phone.
“I did once.” She let out a loud huff. “I filled out one of those questionnaires about dating and it said I was a masochist.”
Holly groaned. “You shouldn’t call him when he’s obviously not in a good mood. Make dinner and wait until he’s ready to talk.” She handed back the phone. “Do not. I repeat. Do not ask him anything about Tiffany. He has to be the one to . . . are you listening?”
“All right. Did you ever think about writing an advice column for the Lowenna news?”  Gia flipped the phone closed and slid it into her pocket. “What did they find in Tony Fenten’s shed?  Do you think it was something to do with the World War II plaque or evidence in Joe’s death?”
“I don’t know,” said Holly. “But whoever killed Joe must have been a man. A woman wouldn’t have been strong enough to push Joe in the water. Tony seems like a decent fellow. Surely it couldn’t have been him.”
“Bodily harm. Grievous bodily harm might I remind you.”
“It was a long time ago. It may have been a mountain made out of an ant hill. Do you want me to go with you to Mary’s?” asked Holly.
“No. You’re probably tired after your trip. I’ll drop you off and go on over there for a little while. I need something to take my mind off that woman.” She watched Tiffany saunter past. Curls bounced as she deliberately shook her head. Long chandelier avocado colored earrings glistened. She smiled to no one in particular and raised her head.
Holly glared. “Haughty isn’t she?  Look at those teeth. Looks like she used a bottle of bleach on them.”
Gia slunk down in her chair and flattened her wavy hair with her palm. “How does she get those curls to look so perfect?”
“Come on. Take me home and go and see Mary. Forget about Tiffany.” Holly touched her arm. “Gia, it will be all right. Really. David won’t put up with any nonsense from that woman. I’ve got something for you in the case that always works for me.” 
“What? A magic wand?”  
The two friends walked toward the car and Holly glanced in the back. “Well it was Baci chocolate, but it probably wasn’t a good idea to leave it under the hatch. The sun seems to have melted it.” Holly held up a bag with flattened chocolate pieces in it.
“Chocolate’s chocolate.” Gia opened the bag and unwrapped a soggy piece, popping it into her mouth. “Want one?”  She mumbled.
“No. I just had a pickled onion.” 

Chapter 10
Maneuvering the car across the pebbles on Mary’s driveway, Gia came to a stop by the pink rhododendrons and watched the yellow Labrador. The dog pulled, from Norma Walker’s front garden, another black plastic bag and dragged it along the road. Once he reached his own garden, he ripped the bag open and nuzzled into the contents, tossing a banana peel in the air. Gia eased herself from the car and spotted Norma Walker who clutched her periwinkle colored notebook.
“I know I put it out,” said Norma. “Right here,” she pointed to the ground.
“What are you looking for, Mrs. Walker?” asked Gia.
“My rubbish. I put the black rubbish bag down here. I didn’t want to miss the dustbin men tomorrow,” she explained. Her tone was agitated and her grip tightened on the notebook.
Gia looked toward the street where the remnants of Norma’s rubbish had been strewn.
 “Here. See I wrote it down. It is Tuesday isn’t it?” Norma asked, pointing to a page scribbled on with royal blue ink.
Remembering the night at the concert, Gia realized that without short term memory Norma had to write everything down.
“Mrs. Walker, the dog ran off with it,” Gia nodded toward the shredded black plastic bag. “Why don’t you get another bag, and I’ll go and clean it up for you.”
Norma seemed to consider this possibility. “But it needs to go here.” She pointed to the corner of her driveway and consulted her notebook again. “Yes, it needs to go here. On Tuesday.” She crinkled her bushy eyebrows.
Gia placed her palm under Norma’s elbow and guided her toward the house.
“I’m going to see Mary for a few minutes,” she said. “Why don’t you put the kettle on? When I come out we’ll have a cup of tea, and then I’ll get the rubbish picked up. Don’t you have a dustbin?”
Norma’s face crinkled as if pondering the whereabouts of a dustbin, then her face relaxed into a smile showing uneven yellow-tinged teeth. “I’ll go and make a cup of tea,” she announced and walked across the threshold closing the front door behind her.
Gia waited, expecting the door to open again, but once sufficient time had past she crossed the driveway. At Mary’s house, Gia lifted the brass doorknocker shaped like a lion’s head. The air was still. Too still perhaps. She knocked again and watched the net curtain twitch. 
The door swung open and Pat glared at her. “What do you want?”
Behind Pat was a nicotine haze. Pat took a long pull from a cigarette, exhaling the smoke toward Gia. 
Gia raised her hand to her mouth. “I came by to see Mary,” she mumbled through her fingers, and stifled a cough. 
“Mum’s sleeping,” Pat snapped. 
Gia looked at her watch. 
“She’s been upset.” continued Pat. “I can’t handle her. I gave her a sleeping pill.” 
“In the middle of the afternoon?” Gia took a step back, but Pat grabbed her sleeve and dragged her into the house. 
“I want to talk to you anyway,” said Pat. 
Gia looked around wondering where the bedroom was. “Since I’m here let me see her.” 
Pat ground the remains of her cigarette into an overfull ashtray, then pulled Gia closer until she felt hot stale breath in her face. She thought about handing Pat a peppermint. 
“She’s fine,” said Pat. “It’s better that she sleep for a while.” She pushed Gia away as a low moan came from the end of the hallway.
“Let me see her.” Gia’s voice quaked.
Pat stepped closer once again and spoke low and menacing - her eyes boring into Gia. “Listen, you interfering bitch. You think you know everything don’t you?”
Gia blinked rapidly and gulped.
“Well you don’t know nothing. Stay out of this.” Pat reached behind her and grabbed a poker, raising it high in the air. “You back off and mind your own bloody business.” Her eyes darkened.
Taking a step back Gia tripped on the rug and fell to her knees. The poker was still waving above her. 
“Let me see Mary,” she whispered with a bravado she did not feel.
Pat let out a high pitched cackling laugh and turned away. “Go on.” She threw the poker into the hearth chipping a tile. “You’ll just cause more trouble if you don’t see her. But this is the last time you’re to come here. Understand?”
Gia rose clumsily to her knees, then stood. Pat pushed her toward the hallway where she followed the low moaning sound while glancing over her shoulder. She heard Pat slam the kitchen door.
“Mary?”  Gia glanced into the stale smelling, darkened bedroom. She could see the outline of a dark oak dresser. The headboard had the same colored wood with ornate carving and large ball-like finials. A patterned quilt covered the bed with flowers in shades of lavender and blue. 
Mary lay still. Her eyelids fluttered. 
Gia opened one of the French doors and sat on the bed. She glanced at a bottle of prescription pills. “Mary, have you taken these?”  
“Water,” she squeaked. “My throat’s dry.”
Gia picked up a glass and smelled it. “I’ll get you fresh water.” She could still hear Pat in the kitchen, and went in the bathroom and filled the glass.
“Mary. Try and drink this. I’ll get you help.” 
Mary grabbed her arm. “No.” Her eyes opened wide. 
“Is it Pat?” Gia asked, glancing toward the door.
“She’s just trying to help. She thought I needed to sleep.” Her grip tightened. “Don’t say anything. I had a bad night. I just . . . Please.” She begged. “Promise me you won’t say anything.”
Gia nodded as she slipped the pill bottle into her pocket, and took the empty glass from Mary’s tiny hand.
“Mary, you’re probably depressed after everything that happened. You need to do something for yourself. After Aunt Grace died I started knitting and painting and . . . look for something you would like to do.” As Gia said it, she thought back to just after Joe’s death when Mary seemed so much better. This had to have something to do with Pat.
“Go out the door, dear. Stay away from Pat. She’s got a short temper.”
“Are you sure?” asked Gia.
“I’m fine. I was just sleepy when you came in.” She tried to sit up and Gia helped her, plumping the full goose down pillows. 
“Do you want me to get you anything?” asked Gia.
“Pat’ll make me something to eat, but she’s not much of a cook.” She looked into Gia’s eyes. “I used to love cooking. Promise me you won’t say anything about this? Sometimes I need help sleeping you see. Too many bad memories. Too many of them.”
Gia didn’t respond and as Mary shivered, Gia pulled up the quilt, tucking it tightly around Mary’s frail body. “I’ll come back later. There’s something I need to tell you.”
“Better not dear. Best to stay away for now.”
“But I wanted to tell you about Sarah.”
“Ah Sarah. Best forget Sarah too.” Mary raised her arm and watched the dangling heart. “I should never have taken her in.”
“Sarah?” asked Gia puzzled.
“No. Not Sarah. Sarah’s a good girl. Apple of my eye, but now she’s gone.”
“Why don’t you write to her? I’ve got her address.”
“Go now,” said Mary, waving her hand in an air of dismissal. “Through the French doors.” 
Gia moved to the dresser and copied Sarah’s address and phone number on to an empty envelope and returned to the bed. “Here, Mary. This is Sarah’s address.” She couldn’t leave it where Pat could see it and Mary had her hands deep under the quilt, refusing to take the envelope from Gia. “I’m putting it under your pillow. It’s Sarah’s address,” she repeated.
After slipping the envelope under Mary’s pillow she walked to the door leading to the driveway and glanced back. Mary had slipped back into what Gia hoped was a dreamless sleep. From the driveway, she looked back at the house and shivered. 
But Gia didn’t have time to wonder about Pat’s intentions as Norma Walker stood by her front door.
“My son writes down everything I need to do. See here,” she opened the notebook. 
Wondering how many times they needed to have the same conversation, Gia walked toward Norma. “Let’s have that cup of tea shall we?”
Norma stopped and turned. “You look tired dear. Are you all right?” 
Suddenly, Gia felt her shoulders slump, her eyelids were heavy and she wanted to curl up somewhere and go to sleep, but Norma’s confusion was evident and she couldn’t leave her. Living in a small village was much like living in Hundred Acre Wood with Pooh’s and Piglets and Heffalumps and sweet honey. Except sweetness seemed to be in short supply these days.
Norma smiled, once again showing her yellow teeth, and Gia wondered if her son wrote teeth cleaning on the list of daily habits. With her confusion about the placement of rubbish gone, Norma’s mind drifted to normalcy. She asked if Gia would like to come in for a cup of tea. It was short lived.
“I’ve  put the rubbish out,” she said and pointed to her book. “Now I’m going to make a pot of tea.” She turned and her face was puzzled once again. “Oh dear. Where is the rubbish bag? I put it out. I know I did.”
This was no good. Norma had forgotten what she said mere minutes ago. Rather than continuing the same conversation over and over again reminiscent of the film Groundhog Day that she’d seen with David, Gia took a pen from her bag and easing the notebook from Norma’s hand, Gia wrote down what had happened.
“The dog,” said Norma, reading from her periwinkle book. “The dog took my rubbish?”
“Come on,” said Gia. “Let’s get that cup of tea and then I’ll . . .” There was no point in telling Norma what she was going to do. Norma had forgotten everything but the tea. Following Mary’s neighbor into the house Gia stopped by the kitchen window. It faced Mary’s house and through the glass she clearly saw Pat in Mary’s kitchen. Gia reached in her pocket, felt the prescription container and regretted stealing the medication. If it was something Mary truly needed then she had not done Mary any favors, but the prescription was not in Mary’s name. Glancing at the label she followed the drug name with her chipped finger nail. Pentobarbital. What were those for? And who was Patrick Harris.


Chapter 11
An evening drizzle filled the air outside, and visibility stopped at the cliff edge. Gia hated damp evenings when everything turned to shades of gray. Even with the glow of inside lights, it felt damp and oppressive. She turned from the window as Susan Brea, who had been admiring herself in the bedroom mirror, came into the kitchen. This evening Gia had spent a great deal of time in front of that same mirror, and felt her mocha colored wrap top and new dark blue jeans held everything where it should be - at least when she was standing.
“Are you sure you don’t mind, Gia?” asked Susan, clutching a black leather jacket under her arm, holding an umbrella in the other hand, and heading for the side door.
“I don’t ever wear it, but isn’t the jacket too big for you?” 
Gia didn’t show surprise that Susan had asked to borrow it. If riding a moped wearing an oversized black leather jacket made her happy, then who was she to dissuade the little woman? Gia wondered if the white Reebok shoes would be replaced with biker boots. 
“I like jackets a bit big.” Susan stroked the leather like stroking a favorite pet. “By the way, I dropped in on Mary like you asked. I waited at Norma’s until Pat left. We peeked through the curtains,” Susan chuckled like a young girl. “Mary was up and about. Gia, you have to realize, she’s been through a lot. I doubt if she’s sleeping well, but although Pat gives me the creeps,” Susan shivered. “I doubt she would harm Mary.”
Gia wasn’t sure that she shared Susan’s confidence and planned to ask friends from the knitting circle to pop in on Mary periodically.
 “Anyway, Pat’s taking the kids off for a few days so you don’t need to worry.”
“Where’s she going?” Gia wanted to know.
Susan shrugged. “You know how she is, always off on some money making scheme. I’ll be going then,” said Susan with a cheery smile, closing the door behind her.
Her visitor had temporarily distracted her thoughts, but they soon returned to Tiffany, and Gia gritted her teeth. Moving to the counter, she placed two chicken breasts on a cutting board and brought a wooden tenderizer down hard. She turned the page of her recipe book and hit the other chicken breast. Canute lowered his head and whined. She swigged back a gulp of cheap white cooking wine straight from the bottle. 
“Oh stop it.” Gia looked down at the dog with a black merle coat. “I’m nearly done, Canute.” 
She took another swing with the mallet, pummeled the chicken, and looked at the jagged indentations. Daisy barked. Gia thought of those perfect curls and white teeth and pounded the chicken some more. Both dogs barked. She dipped the chicken into a flour filled plate and swirled it around until the pink flesh was covered in white. 
“Oh, good heavens. Will you stop?”  Her ears were ringing and the dogs continued to bark. Canute let out a growl low in his throat. She turned her head. “Was that the doorbell?”
Opening the front door, she was faced with red roses. David lowered the flowers and smiled - a gorgeous smile that melted her heart. Both the roses and David showed glistening drops from the misty rain.
“I was wondering whether to leave. There’s a lot of banging and barking going on in there.” He winked.
If David thought the noise unusual he didn’t show any indication.
“You’re early. Why didn’t you come in the side door?” asked Gia.
“I tried to. It was locked.” He handed her the roses, flicked flour from her cheek and gently kissed her. 
“Susan must have locked it when she left,” said Gia looking at his hand speckled with flour that was congealing into a paste. 
“Are you going to let me in?” he asked. “Or are we dining in the front garden? If we are, I’ll get my umbrella.”
“Sorry. Come on through.” She sniffed the roses, then sneezed. Darn. This wasn’t going how she had planned. She felt her eyes itch – the onset of an allergy attack.
As he watched her pour water into a vase and dump the flowers in, David carefully rolled up the sleeves of his midnight blue shirt. “Looks like you need some help. What’re we having?”
She pointed to a recipe book. “Chicken Marsala.”
“Chicken in wine sounds good. What do you want me to do?”  
“Can you chop the garlic and mushrooms?” 
David had to lean across the chicken to reach the mushrooms, and he brushed against her arm then leaned closer and nuzzled her neck, sending shivers throughout her body. Feeling embarrassed for her earlier thoughts, Gia turned away. Her cheeks showed a pink glow. Despite her disastrous relationship with Alan, Gia had fallen in love with David soon after her broken engagement. They had a childhood friendship to build on and he was like the string of a kite that kept her from going too far in the wrong direction. But could she trust him to hold that string now that Tiffany was in town?
On the counter Gia’s phone rang its tinny tone and David glanced down. 
“It’s your cousin Brian,” he said.
“Can you get it?” she asked.
David flipped open the phone and he spoke in monosyllables, then turned to Gia. “He wants to know if you can go to the Plaza tonight,” he said with a shrug.
“Tell him to call Holly. She wanted to see Bridget Jones’s diary. I’ll call him later.”
“She’ll call you later, mate,” David said. “See if Holly wants to go.”
A few grunts later David closed the phone. “I thought Holly had a new boyfriend?” he asked.
“She does, but I’m not too sure about him. It would do her good to do something with Brian. He’s one of the good ones. Do you ever think that it was so uncomplicated when we were kids?”
“Yes, but there was a lot we missed out on,” David said in his husky voice and nuzzled her neck again.
“Oh you.” Gia gently pushed him away and took another swing at the chicken.
He looked at the paper thin chicken. “What did that poor poultry do to you?”  
 “Well, you seem in a good mood,” she said. Stepping away from the counter, Gia arranged the flowers in a vase. 
“Of course. I couldn’t wait to see you.”
“Mmm.” Gia turned with her back against the sink. “So how did your meeting go?”
“Meeting?” he asked as he deftly sliced mushrooms.
“Tiffany?” Gia asked, then regretted being the first to mention the rhinoceros in the room. 
“Oh that.” His smile faded.
Darn. What was it Holly told her to do?  She said not talk about it. Darn again. Gia stepped toward him and kissed his cheek. “We can talk about that later,” she said sweetly. “Do you want some wine?  I got some great Merlot in Italy.”
He turned her around and ran his hands through her hair, removing a parsley stalk. He held it up wordlessly.
She blushed.
“Gia.” He leaned in and kissed her, slipping his hand under her hair at the base of her neck and sending shivers through her body. She held her floured covered hands up wanting to embrace him, but that dark blue shirt looked so clean. She closed her eyes and felt a slight tug on her shirt collar.
“What are you doing?” she asked, opening her eyes.
David released the shirt tag and it was then she noticed the side seam of her wrap around shirt. She had it on inside out.
 “There’s no one like you.”
She was going to have to ask Holly if that was something good or something bad. David smiled and slowly shook his head. 
“You mean I’m unique?” Her laugh came slow and forced.
He gave a husky chuckle. “Definitely.” 
With the intimate moment gone, David turned and pressed a garlic clove with the back of a knife and removed the skin. 
“Can you open the wine?” she asked. 
“Sure.” He took the corkscrew she handed him. “So what have you been doing today, Gia?”
Besides watching you with that woman?  “I picked Holly up from the station.”
“I saw you.” He grinned. “Headed straight to the pub I noticed.”
“Then . . .” she paused. “Then I went to see Mary Newlyn.”
“How’s she doing?”
She slid the mushrooms and garlic from the chopping board and watched them bubble in the oil. Adding the chicken and white cooking wine, she turned the flame down and faced him. “David. I think Pat did it.”
“Did what?” he asked.
“Killed Joe.” 
David frowned as if pondering this statement as he poured each of them a glass of merlot. He twisted the stem of his glass. “Why do you think that Pat killed him?”
“There was something going on when I went up there today.” With her back to David, Gia continued moving the chicken and mushrooms in the pan.
“Like what?” He asked. 
She set the timer, sipped her wine and turned to face him. “First of all Pat wouldn’t let me in.”
“That doesn’t mean anything,” said David slipping on to a bar stool. He loosely crossed his legs at the ankles. 
Gia watched him and wondered what it would be like to wake up with him each morning, sit in this cozy kitchen together and eat breakfast and plan their day. Go for long walks along the cliffs hand in hand. Slip into bed at the end of the day . . .
“Why are you staring at me like that?” asked David interrupting her thoughts. He uncrossed his ankles and stood. 
“Just thinking.” Gia shrugged, feeling the burn in her cheeks. “It’s hot in here don’t you think?” She waved her hand in front of her face. “I was thinking about Pat,” Gia turned her thoughts from waking up next to David hoping the blush would subside. “She pulled me in the house and told me to stop interfering.”
“Was Mary there?” David asked as he returned to the stool.
“She was in bed. Mary said Pat had given her sleeping pills.”
“In the middle of the day?”
She reached along the counter and took the prescription bottle from her bag. “Do you know what these are?”
David neither took the bottle nor looked at the label. “You stole her prescription?”
“Well, I couldn’t let Pat give her any more. Anyway, it’s not even her prescription.”
“Oh, Gia. Maybe she’s right. Perhaps you shouldn’t interfere.”
“So I just wait until she kills Mary too?  She wants that house. She’s been trying to get Mary to sign it over to her.” She reset the apple shaped kitchen timer and sat on the other stool.
“If that was the case, then why didn’t she just kill Mary in the first place? Her dad didn’t have any money. The house belonged to Mary’s first husband.”
“I don’t know. It could have been an accident or she could have lost her temper. If Pat has been taking drugs who knows how they affected her.” Gia took out two blue and white patterned plates and placed them on the counter. She looked again at the prescription bottle. “These aren’t even in Mary’s name. I bet Pat stole them from someone.”
“Come on, Gia,” said David shaking his head. “Your imagination is running wild again. Are you going back to see Mary?”
“Only if Pat’s gone. She scared me. Did I tell you I saw her with Terry Devoran?”
“It’s a small village. Don’t you need to turn this down a bit?”
Gia turned the flame off. “They were arguing.”
She strained the pasta and mounded it on to the plates, then eased the chicken and sauce on top. Placing the pans in the sink, she stared into the bowl of suds. 
“What’s the matter?” David looked at her. “Gia. What’s the matter?”
“It must have been something else. What could make indentations like a ball peen hammer?”
“What are you talking about? Look Gia, you need to drop this detective stuff. Really, it has nothing—”
“Detective Inspector Barrett said he thought it was someone who was angry.”
“I’m not with you.”
“He thought because Joe had been hit so many times, it was someone who was angry. Maybe it wasn’t a hammer. Maybe it was a meat tenderizer. Maybe—”
“Gia, stop.” David picked up the wine and handed her a tea towel. “Best to leave it to the professionals. Dry your hands and let’s eat. It’s getting cold.”
“Let’s go in the other room. We’ll eat by the window,” suggested Gia.
 “By the way I saw Tony and he thinks you’re stalking him,” said David.
“The police were searching his shed so they must have got a tip from someone.”
“That someone wouldn’t be you would it?” asked David as he handed her the wine bottle and then picked up the tray.
“No,” said Gia, following David into the living room.
“They came to see me too,” said David with a shrug.
“Why?”
“They’re looking for the plaque that was stolen. The World War II memorial plaque.”
“Oh. Not whatever killed Joe?” asked Gia.
“No. They probably haven’t finished whatever lab work they need to do. You know how slow everything runs. I could understand you getting involved with what happened to your Aunt Grace, but this has nothing to do with you. Let it go, Gia.”
“If I had done that when my aunt died they would have just written her death off as suicide. I’ll get the wine glasses.”
Perhaps he was right. Maybe she should drop it, she wasn’t getting anywhere. Now her mind pictured Tiffany and David at the Seahorse Cafe. While David refilled their glasses, she sliced into the poultry with a vengeance.
Don’t say anything she heard Holly’s words echo. Wait until the time is right. She bit her lip. She would take her friend’s advice and not utter a word. Even if he didn’t tell her about his conversation with Tiffany until tomorrow or even a week later she was fine with that. Timing is everything Holly said.
“So what about Tiffany?” She blurted out then popped a slice of chicken in her mouth.
David lowered his knife and fork. “Okay. You want to talk. Let’s talk.”
“I’m worried about this David,” she mumbled. “Who is she? What does she want?”  
He glanced out the window. “I didn’t want to say anything until I’ve decided what to do.”
Gia’s heart plummeted, she felt nauseated. She tried to swallow, but her throat was dry. Gulping her wine she coughed and the chicken dislodged then slid down her throat. The crimson wine spurted from her nose into her open palm, running through her fingers and dropping into her lap like spots of blood.
David continued looking out the window, ignoring the commotion.
Wiping her palm and nose with a napkin, she watched his face and wiped at the wetness on her jeans. His Adam’s apple moved as if he too was trying to swallow, but he hadn’t eaten anything.
“She still means something to you, David?”
“Of course not.” He scrunched his forehead and turned to her as if surprised she were there. “First of all we were never engaged.”
Gia stared at him. “But — ”  She blinked.
“Apparently . . .”
“Yes.” She leaned forward in her chair.
“Gia. She’s dying.”

“I’ll be right over,” said Holly. 
Gia gripped the phone in her hand. “No, Holly it’s late. I shouldn’t have called you. Don’t you have to stay until closing time?”  Gia gulped and then hiccupped.
“You sound terrible. Barry can handle things here. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Gia slowly cradled the phone. Leaning her head in her open palms, she sobbed. “I wanted it to be perfect,” she cried, rapidly moving the ring backwards and forwards on the chain.
She unlocked the side door, went in to the bedroom, and slid into her Winnie the Pooh pajamas. The two dogs slept on their doggie beds with their chests rising and falling. Soft spluttering noises came from Daisy’s nose and her feet jerked as if she were trotting. Canute’s snores were loud and manly. 
A few minutes later she heard the door close. 
“Coo Eeee,” called Holly.
This was a mistake. Holly sounded much too perky. She heard the cupboard door close and Holly walked in carrying two glasses and a bottle of Riesling wine.
“Thought you might need this. Gia you look pathetic.”
“Is that your idea of cheering me up?” Gia asked and followed her friend into the living room.
“You know you shouldn’t drink red vino. It makes you all blotchy.” Holly poured wine into a glass and sat at the table. “Here.”
Gia sobbed into a tissue.
“What exactly did he say?” Holly unzipped her tight jeans.
“Tiffany told him she was dying. She needs a bone marrow transplant. I can’t compete with that.” Gia wiped her nose and crumpled the tissue in her hand.
“And he just found out?” asked Holly clearly puzzled.
“Apparently, that’s how they met. He was on a donor list and he’s a match for her. She’s been in remission for a while, but now it doesn’t look good.”
“Do you think she’s really sick or trying to get him to feel sorry for her?  What exactly did he say?”
Gia scrunched her forehead. “He said. She has aplastic anemia.”
“Never heard of it. Did she make it up?  She looks as healthy as a horse. What else did David say?”
“He said she has a child. I started crying, and then he left.”
“How old is this child?”
“Five. David said the child was one when he met her. They found out she was sick after the baby was born and she needed a bone marrow transplant.”
“I haven’t seen her with a kid.” Holly picked up David’s discarded dinner plate and speared a mushroom. “Mmmm. This turned out good.”
“The child’s been with Tiffany’s sister.” With her bare feet on the settee cushion, Gia pulled her knees up to her chin. Winnie the Pooh peered over the pocket of her pajamas.    
Holly continued eating. “Really, Gia. You should make this more often.”
Taking a gulp of wine, Gia tried not to watch Holly sliding the forked chicken around in the glazed sauce. Canute wandered in and sat by her chair. She kneaded her fingers behind his ear. He placed his head on the soft suede, looking up at her with pale blue eyes.
“So,” Holly mumbled. “What does she want David to do?”
“She wants him to go through the bone marrow procedure again.”
“What does he want to do?”
“He hasn’t decided.”
“Get your laptop out. Let’s take a look. Google it and see what aplastic anemia is. Here I bought this for you.” Holly handed her a Cadbury’s chocolate bar.
“I’m past the chocolate stage,” said Gia with a sniff.
Holly placed the unopened chocolate on the coffee table. “That bad, huh?”  
Gia nodded. With a slight tap on Canute’s head, she stood, then slowly retrieved the laptop from a sideboard by the table. She typed in the words. Her fingers shook and she turned to Holly. “I don’t want to go through this again.”
“Look, Gia, David hasn’t done anything except feel conflicted about helping someone. We’ve known him forever, he’s going to be honest with you no matter what.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of.”
“What does it say?” Holly peered at the screen. “I’ve heard that bone marrow transplants are really painful. What’s the child’s name by the way?” asked Holly.
“Sebastian,” said Gia.
“Good Lord. Who calls their kid Sebastian?” asked Holly.
“Someone like Tiffany.”
“Here it is. It’s a shortage of blood cells. The symptoms are: fatigue, shortness of breath, pale skin, skin rash, dizziness, headache, prolonged bleeding from cuts.” Holly stared at the screen. “She doesn’t look sick to me and definitely doesn’t have any fatigue.”
Gia leaned over and closed the laptop and stared out the window. “Let’s not talk about it anymore.” 
Outside, darkness had fallen. Pools of light glistened under the lamp post on the rain covered road and Gia pulled the curtains closed, shutting out the rest of the world.
 “Tony Fenten was in the William tonight.” Holly pushed the laptop away and refilled their glasses.
“David told me Tony was back,” said Gia absently.
“I told Tony that we saw him in Venice,” said Holly.
“You did what?” Gia collapsed deep into the soft suede settee, blowing her nose and sounding like a fog horn. With a thump, Canute slumped down and rested his head on outstretched paws.
“Well. We did. He laughed when I told him you thought he’d killed Joe.”
She sat up and faced her friend. “Holly!”
“You’re barking up the wrong tree,” said Holly.
Canute moved toward Holly and bumped her hand with his wet nose. She scratched behind his ear with her long nails.
“What . . .” said Gia. “. . . if he was telling Sarah about murdering Joe?  What if he comes after me?”
“Oh stop it, Gia. He said he was trying to persuade Sarah to come back. He’s worried about Mary.”
“You were the one who told me I should be concerned. Didn’t the police find something in his shed?” 
“I think that was all a mix up. Are you okay?”
Nodding too quickly, she now felt light headed. Wine on an empty stomach brought on dizziness, adding to her befuddled mood. Much like a trip out on John Trewellyn’s fishing boat, she felt the ground beneath her rolling and she fell back into the overstuffed tan sofa.
“Get this,” continued Holly. “Terry Devoran is the girls’ father.”
“What girls?” Gia knitted her brows, and feeling a sharp pain rubbed her forehead.
“Kylie and Abbie. Pat’s girls,” Holly explained.
With the wave of vertigo subsiding, Gia stuffed the tissue into her pajama pocket and leaned forward. “Really?”
“That’s what they were arguing about.”
“The girls?” asked Gia.
“Yes. Apparently they had an agreement that he would stay away from them and she wouldn’t ask for any money.”
Gia picked up her wine glass, then returned it to the side table.
“Do you want me to make coffee?” asked Holly. “You don’t look too spiffy.”
“That might be a good idea. There’s some instant in the cupboard. How on earth do you find all this stuff out?”
“I’m invisible,” said Holly heading toward the kitchen.
“Hardly.”
Closing her eyes, Gia listened to the water filling the kettle, the whoosh of gas as it burst into flames, the chink of coffee mugs placed on a tray.
Holly returned to the room and slid into a fireside chair. “People don’t notice I’m behind the bar.” 
 “So. Do you think Pat’s trying to get money from Terry now?” asked Gia.
“I would think so.” 
“Remember, she tried to get Mary to sell the cottage and move into Honeysuckle Rest Home?”
Holly nodded slowly as the kettle whistled. “Hold that thought. Be back in a sec.”
“Mary had the deed to the house on the table when I went to see her,” Gia said when her friend returned.
“What do you think’s going on there? Here’s your coffee. You’re out of milk.”
“I don’t know, but something’s not right,” said Gia wrapping her hands around the bone china mug with a painted daffodil head. “Mary’s scared of Pat,” she said.
“I can’t imagine treating my mother like that. After everything Mary has done for that girl.” Holly spooned sugar into her matching daffodil mug.
“This is just getting worse,” observed Gia.
“I don’t think Tony or Sarah had anything to do with killing Mr. Newlyn.”
“Tony was upset about the car he bought from Joe.” 
“I still don’t think he would do anything and Sarah, as far as we know, has been in Italy this whole time.” Holly pulled one foot under her and leaned her head against the tall backed chair.
“What about Ruby Harris?  She’s happy now with her new man, but she was upset about Joe not leaving Mary,” said Gia.
“She can’t be more than five feet tall without her shoes. How would she hit Joe on the head?” 
Gia paused and looked at the ceiling. “Where have I seen that name recently?”
“Ruby?” asked Holly.
“No, Harris.”
Holly shrugged. “You have a point about Ruby though. She’s not very tall.”
“What about Mary?” asked Gia still puzzled.
“I can’t see Mary losing her temper or doing something deliberately. If Pat isn’t enough to set her off, I can’t see anyone else bringing that out of her.”
“So we’re back to Pat or Terry then,” said Gia. “We’ve got to get this sorted before Pat returns. I don’t want to think of Mary alone in the house with her.” She placed the mug on the coffee table and stared at the fireplace where she had piled paper and wood for what she had hoped would be a cozy evening with David. 
 “What is it?” asked Holly.
“I was cooking tonight —”
“I know. I’m eating it.”
“Never mind the chicken. Holly, pay attention. I was tenderizing the chicken.”
“Okay you have my attention. You were pummeling the chicken. So?”
“What if someone used a mallet, not a hammer?” asked Gia.
“Someone was in the middle of making dinner, took a swing at a piece of meat, missed and hit Joe on the head?”
“Holly, be serious.”
“Me?”
“All right. I’m not saying any more, but I am going to Truro tomorrow to talk to Detective Inspector Barrett.”
“He’ll just laugh at you. You know how he is.”
“Well, maybe I need to find some evidence. I’ll go and see Mary first.” She stood, her chin pushed out in defiance.
“You better make sure Pat isn’t there.” Holly paused. “By the way, Susan Brea passed me on the way up here. You’re not missing a leather jacket are you?”
“I let her borrow mine. She was talking about getting a moped,” said Gia.
“Moped? She was on the back of a Harley Davidson – one of those big cruisers, and with someone who looked like he’s from Hell’s Angels.”
“What? You’ve got to be kidding. Who do we know who rides a Harley Davidson?” asked Gia.
“Never seen him before,” said Holly.
They both laughed and Gia pushed the tissue box away. “But she never wears anything except dresses.”
“She was wearing a dress and her white Reeboks”
“Oh my.”
Holly stood. “Well at least this has taken your mind off David’s fiancée.”
“Oh Holly.” Gia sat down again, pulled out the tissue and sobbed.


Chapter 12
From her seat on the cliffs, Gia watched sea gulls swoop toward the harbor. The morning sun warmed her back and glistened on rippling waves below. She counted pigeons landing on the stone wall to her left, and told herself when five had touched down, she would walk over to the Roskyn Hotel and meet Natalie who had returned from Venice. This morning Rose demanded that she take care of the prize for the competition which was to be dinner at the hotel. The hotel where that woman was staying. Gia regretted her previous suggestion, but Rose was not to be dissuaded. Another pigeon landed. That would make four, but if the same one was landing and taking off did that count? Trying to remember the rules she had made up, Gia heard footsteps in the gravel. 
“Penny for them.”
She turned, looked up, and shielded her eyes with her hand. “David?” Gia squinted.
“Penny for your thoughts,” he repeated.
	His shadow covered her as he stepped in front of the sun’s rays, shielding her from its warmth, and Gia rubbed her upper arms. David had been the sunshine in her life for the past year, and now here he was producing a shadow. That was unfair. It wasn’t David, but that woman who was causing the fog which she couldn’t see through. If only she had more confidence. If only she could brush off this woman’s presence with a nonchalant shrug. But impending rejection was not something Gia would ever become accustomed to and she wondered if sometimes it was better to let go than to hang on. If someone slammed your finger in a car door would you put it there again and wait for the door to close? But David had never hurt her, so why was she continually waiting for him to act like that jerk Alan she had been engaged to?  
“Are you still mad at me?” he asked.
“I wasn’t mad at you. Just upset. Confused.” Gia turned her gaze back toward the sea avoiding eye contact.
He knelt down and held her hand. “I’m sorry. I didn’t think I would ever see Tiffany again.” He sat next to Gia, stretching his legs out on the short, stubble grass. “I didn’t see any point in telling you about her.” 
Gia’s shoulders visibly tensed. David’s gaze followed hers.
 “You’re always staring at the sea. Why won’t you ever go in the water?  You’re a good swimmer.”
“I do go in the water. Just not in the sea. You know it scares me. What if my foot got tangled in seaweed and the tide came in and I drowned. What if the tide carried me to France?” She forced a smile and gripped his hand feeling it wrap tighter around her own.
“There are worse places to end up, and anyway you’d probably drift to Ireland,” His chuckle was also forced.
He removed a jagged rock holding down papers from Redruth Real Estate.
	“Looking for a new house?” David asked, releasing her hand and turning over the page. He looked at a cottage picture. “What’re the red numbers for?” He pointed to a red number five scribbled on one page and number three on another.
“Miles from my cottage.” Gia took the papers from him and folded them.
“You didn’t mention moving. Is this something new?” David wanted to know.
	“My mother called,” said Gia smoothing the crease between her fingers, sounding not unlike the scraping on a blackboard. “She’s thinking of moving here and although I can’t stop her, I refuse to let her live less than five miles from me.” Sometimes you just had to create rules for yourself. Another pigeon landed. That made five.  
“What about your dad?”
“He doesn’t have much say in anything. He’ll go along with whatever she wants.”
Gia continued to pinch the paper crease with her thumb and forefinger and wondered whether the stars were out of alignment. It was only a fortnight ago that life was almost monotonous and within a few days David had left for Germany, the village had been flooded, Joe Newlyn was dead, Tiffany had arrived, and her mother had developed a phobia for alligators. A seagull made a sound she felt should have been coming from her lungs - a shrill screech. 
“What are you going to do about Tiffany?” asked Gia, unsure if she really wanted him to answer. 
“I don’t know,” he admitted.
	Was he expecting her to wait while he sorted out his feelings for the Tiffany lamp woman?  Wait while he decided if he wanted to be married. Wait while he paraded that woman around the village. She gulped back all her questions, and instead spoke slowly, not trusting the words that would come out. She watched David study her face.
“For crying out loud, will you stop that,” Gia snapped at him.
“What was I doing?” David blinked rapidly.
“Counting my freckles. You used to do that when we were little, and you know it annoys me.”
“There aren’t as many,” he smiled. 
“Really, David, you’re not funny. You’re avoiding my question. What are you going to do?”
 “I’m not sure,” he said.
“Not sure about what?” Gia asked softly and without much conviction. 
“Well —”
“David. Just tell me.” Her voice rose and she slammed the rock down leaving a jagged tear in the paper. “Is he your child?”
“Sebastian? No. Heavens no. Where did that come from? I agreed to be a bone marrow donor and that’s all.”
“Why? If she means nothing to you why would you do that?” 
“That’s a good question.” David eased a small pebble with his nail from the loose dirt and pulled with it a few blades of grass. He threw the pebble over the cliff ledge.
	The sound of a car horn startled them both and they turned toward the street. Not seeing anything other than a car turning the corner, she faced David with a feeling of futility. It didn’t matter what she said.
“Do you remember my friend Dennis?” David asked.
“Yes. Whatever happened to him?” Gia wondered if Dennis had made a long ago promise to Tiffany and David felt he had to fulfill it. It would be just like him to do something like that. 
“He . . . died.”
“Oh.” Gia looked into David’s dark eyes which were now full of unshed tears. Her heart softened and she bit back any further questions.
“It was a long time ago,” he continued. “He had leukemia. After he died, I heard about bone marrow and how it could be donated. I couldn’t help him, but I thought perhaps I could help someone else.” 
“But surely there are other people donating. Why do you have to help Tiffany?” Regretting that his friend had died without any help was one thing, but aiding a total stranger . . . why did he do things like this?
“It’s not easy,” David paused. “It’s not easy to find someone. Even relatives don’t necessarily fit the criteria. She was on the transplant list and I was on the donor list. They matched us up. It’s as simple as that.”
Gia flinched when he said ‘matched us up’ like he was talking about some dating service. And no, it wasn’t simple. None of this was simple.
They sat in silence, each with their own thoughts. 
	“What do you think?” David finally asked.
	Here was the tough part. If she said she didn’t want him to help Tiffany, it made her look like a mean spirited and unfeeling cow. If she did say she wanted him to help Tiffany, she was handing over the love of her life to a conniving bitch. Regardless of what Tiffany was telling David, her motives were evident from her body language, her demeanor, her arrogance. Women knew these things. Unable to keep her face in a neutral expression, Gia’s forehead crinkled into a frown.
“I told you. You’re more important to me than anything.” He reached over and grazed her cheek with his hand, then cupped the diamond hanging from her neck in his palm, watching the light dance on the prism. “What a month this has been.”
“So where’s Tiffany?” asked Gia glancing over at the hotel.
 “She said she’ll wait a few days for me to decide what I want to do.”
“And you don’t know?” 
“It’s up to you.”
She turned toward him. “David. This has to be your decision. Don’t make this about me.”
“But it is about you.”
She rose to her feet. “It isn’t. I’ll make it easier for you.” She reached behind her neck for the clasp.
David stood and held up his hand. “Don’t Gia.”
She lowered her arms. “I don’t want to have to think about you with that woman.”
“She won’t be here forever.”
“But don’t you see, she’ll keep coming back?”  Gia lowered her head then, looked up at him with moist eyes. 
“I don’t want to lose you,” David said, his distress evident.
“I know.” 
“So you’ll wear the ring?”
She shrugged. “Let’s take this one step at a time.”
“But—”
“Not,” said Gia with feeling. “While Tiffany is still here.” 
“But you’ll wear the ring after that?” he asked.
She smiled weakly and avoiding an answer, pulled him closer. Hoping Tiffany had a view from her hotel room of the two of them, kissed him. 

Outside Trewellyn’s, Iris waved to Gia. Although she had managed to talk to Natalie over a cup of coffee at the hotel without a sighting of the lamp woman, Gia was nonetheless far from jovial. On her walk down the cliff road she had successfully avoided all contact with anyone who might feel the need to strike up a conversation. Once she arrived at Lowenna Antiques, questions would be thrown at her and she was taking deep breaths. Deep cleansing breaths. Deep breaths and shoulder rolls. Deep . . .
	“You’re good at internet stuff aren’t you?” Iris asked.
	Gia breathed out and lowered her shoulders. “Well I know a little.”
	“The thing is, John called and he’s found the Lady Daphne. It’s up for auction.”
A truck pulled beside the shop and Iris held up four fingers. The farmer nodded and began unloading crates of cabbage, cauliflower and carrots.
“That’s good he’s finally found her,” said Gia.
	“He thinks he’ll probably need to raise around twenty thousand pounds for the bidding.”
	“Didn’t it sell for twenty five pounds?” asked Gia.
	“But that was years ago,” Iris inspected a cabbage and indicated for the farmer to stack the crates by the shop door.
	“Honestly Iris, how many people do you think would want to bid on an old figurehead?” Gia picked a red apple from a wicker basket outside Trewellyn’s and rubbed it against her t-shirt. “He’ll probably get it for a song.” Gia bit into the apple and with the back of her hand wiped apple juice from her chin.
	“A museum in Toronto wants it,” said Iris. “Apparently they have a nautical museum and they want the Lady Daphne.”
	“Couldn’t we just get a replica made?” It seemed to Gia that no one put up a fight when the ship went to Wales, was scrapped, and the figurehead sent off to parts unknown. If she knew the secret to raising twenty thousand pounds in a few days she could write a how to book and retire from the antique business.
	Iris stared at Gia, speechless for a moment. “A replica?” She shook her head. “A replica? No, that wouldn’t do at all. She needs to come back. She belongs here.”
Iris Trewellyn was normally not this animated. She was the quieting presence in the knitting circle. The one who kept order, prevented voices from rising and gently diffused arguments. Gia was not at all sure what to say.
	“You can help, right?” Iris persisted.
“Let me talk to my friend in London about setting up a web site and maybe we could raise money here in the village too.”
	“The auction’s Monday.”
	“And you want twenty thousand pounds . . . by Monday?”
	“I’ve heard of people doing that with the internet. It can be done. Can’t it?” Iris grabbed Gia’s wrist as if the action would prevent her from ushering a negative response.
“I’ll make some calls, but really, Iris I can’t see it happening. That’s five days.”
	“But we have to have faith right?” asked Iris releasing her fingers.
	“Yes, we have to have faith,” said Gia wondering if Lowenna was due for a miracle any time soon and was God interested in a Greek goddess who had been sold for scrap.

	At Lowenna Antiques, Gia watched Rose and Susan arrange wooden handled tools in a display. Behind them was the paint splattered tool box she had bid on at the Truro auction. Rose waved and Gia stepped inside. 
	“Everything came then?” Gia asked.
	“It was delivered this morning,” said Susan.
No sooner had she closed the door than Rose spread her arms wide and circled them around Gia restricting her breathing. With the back of her hand she pushed Gia’s head into her ample bosom. 
“There, there, it will be all right,” said Rose. “We’ll soon get it sorted. Don’t you worry,” she crooned.
Smothered in the peony prints, Gia didn’t think for a minute Rose was referring to the purchases from the Truro auction.
“So. David stopped by this morning?” asked Gia when she managed to un-smother her face.
“Lovely boy,” said Susan. “Good as gold is David.”
Rose released her suddenly. “Paul doesn’t want the tools,” she said abruptly. “Not quite what he was looking for. 
Sidestepping another hug, Gia picked up the tool box. 
“Those are mostly used in the mines. What should we do?” Rose asked Gia.
	With a wary glance at Rose from the corner of her eye, Gia looked down at the tools. “We probably won’t be able to sell those. Leave them on display for a while and then we’ll check with the Lowenna Museum, they may want to take them. Don’t they have a mining display up there?”
	“They do, but the Find the Lady Daphne Committee is busy making a space for her. I doubt they will want any new exhibits for now.”
“There’s a Find the Lady Daphne Committee?” Good Lord would these people ever stop finding causes. The village had more committees than the U.S. government. 
	“What in the world is this for?” asked Susan holding up a tool. “Is it a hammer?”
	“A man at the auction told me it was used in the mines,” said Gia. “It’s for chipping at the rock” She took the pick from Susan and looked at the crudely engraved handle.
	“AK,” said Rose. “You don’t think that belonged to Albert Kerrow, Mary’s first husband, do you?”
	“It’s really old,” Susan pointed out.
	“Well, maybe his father then. Albert Kerrow, Senior,” said Rose.
	“I’ll give it a good scrub. It looks all rusty.” Susan touched the end which was covered in burnished red. “It’s sticky. Oh.” She rubbed her finger and thumb together and her face crinkled. “Maybe it’s blood.”
	“It couldn’t be blood. It wouldn’t be sticky once it dried.” Gia pointed out. “I bet its rust. Put it in the display like that. It won’t look old if you clean it up.”
	Rose snatched the pick from Susan, who was still contemplating her fingers, and placed it in the display. 
“Or we could sell it on E-Bay. Mrs. Jones said she’s been selling all kinds of stuff on there,” said Susan.
	“That’s it,” said Gia, her face relaxing into a smile.
	“What’s it?” Rose wanted to know.
“Iris and John Trewellyn want to raise money to get Lady Daphne back. We could put some things on E-Bay and raise money that way. We’ll call everyone from the knitting circle and see if they have anything that might be worth selling. We’ve got until Monday.”
Susan’s smile widened into a grin. This was the way ideas came to Susan. They started with a twinkle in her eye, extenuated the laughter lines and moved down to her mouth. Any minute the brilliant idea would be coming out of those thin fuchsia colored lips. Rose and Gia waited.
	“I’ve got a beetle picture.”
	“Why would you have a picture of a beetle?” asked Rose.
	“Not a beetle. The Beatles,” said Susan. “You know, John, Paul, George and Ringo.”
	“That would help,” said Gia.
	“I’m not sure if it’s worth anything though because there’s writing on it,” said Susan.
	“What kind of writing?” asked Gia moving the pick to an angle more to her liking.
	“Well there’s scribble all over it. They all wrote their names across the photograph.”
	Gia looked at Rose and they both laughed.
	
From above, they heard the hum of a helicopter. It hovered over the harbor with its blades whirring and the wind overturned rubbish bins and scattered paper into the churning sea. Gia pulled her jacket tightly around her while holding on to the two dogs. If their ears had been any bigger she feared they might take off. They were already flapping. 
“I told you someone was stuck on the rock,” said Rose. “Probably some boys.” Her voice faded as her words were pulled into the turbulent air flow. 
They briskly walked down the boat ramp and on to the beach. The tide had swirled around the rock cutting it off from the mainland. 
“There’s a lifeguard,” Rose said and tucked her arm into Gia’s, making her grip on the leashes more difficult.
The lifeguard’s bright orange jacket was barely visible through the spray. Gia released Rose’s arm and gripped the leashes tighter. Daisy yelped. A crowd had gathered at the water’s edge.
“Is one of them hurt?” asked Rose as a metal framed stretcher was lowered down toward the rock.
“Looks like it,” said Gia. “I wonder where David is. He’s usually in the midst of anything like this.” 
	“He doesn’t go out in the lifeboat anymore,” said Rose holding on to a plaid scarf around her head.
Although they were several yards from the ebb and flow, Gia nonetheless took a step back from the waves that were crashing and churning and pummeling the sandy beach. 
“They’ve got them,” Rose sighed, her relief evident. “You’ve got to hand it to those lads, they certainly know what they’re doing, but I’m glad our David doesn’t go on these rescues. Those currents can whip you under quickly even with a life vest on and who knows where the kelp is growing. Get you twisted up in no time.”
Taking another step back Gia nodded, but her hand relaxed and she let the dogs move around more. “I guess we need to get back to the shop, now the excitement is over. I expect this will all be in the local paper.”
“There’s a news crew over there.” Rose pointed to a crowd in front of the cliffs. “Might even be on the evening news.”
Straightening Daisy’s leash, Gia let go of Canute as he sat and flapped the sand with his tail. 
“That looks like David’s car,” said Gia nodding toward the cliffs. 
	“He’ll come down d’rectly when he sees you’re not home,” said Rose. “You’d better hold on—”
But she was too late. Canute’s hackles rose and he arched his back like a Halloween cat. Before Gia could grab him, he rushed off toward a flock of seagulls followed by Daisy. Daisy skidded to a stop, but Canute bounded into the cold water. Gia picked up Daisy’s leash and the tide slapped against her ankles. A wave covered Canute and she watched him struggle, his head bobbed for a moment and then disappeared. She glanced over at the crowd watching the rock, but no one noticed the dog. She opened her mouth, but no sound came and although the taste of salty bile was in her mouth, she barely felt her teeth chewing on her lower lip.
“Gia!” shouted Rose. “Gia! I’ll call David. Give me your phone.”
	She didn’t turn, didn’t move, didn’t shout. Gia watched the spot where she had last seen her beloved dog. Handing Daisy’s leash to Rose, Gia threw off her coat and waded into the water. 
“Gia! Give me your phone. What are you doing?”
When it was waist high she hesitated, but Canute’s head bobbed above the water and Gia waded on with Rose’s screams echoing in the wind. Her feet were numb, her hands blue.
“Canute,” Gia called. “Canute, swim back here.”
 A wave knocked her over and she coughed, swallowing salty brine. She looked back toward the shore which seemed farther than it had when she fell. Her head turned back to Canute. She couldn’t go any farther, she couldn’t let her feet leave the ground and risk getting caught in a rip tide. 
“Canute!” she called again.
It was no good, she couldn’t leave him out there. She looked back at Rose, then turned and plunged in.
“I’m coming,” she called. “I’ll get you,” she spluttered.
Gia struggled on, battling the waves and feeling tired. Her muscles ached. She reached Canute and gripped his harness, pulling him toward her, but something touched her leg and she felt the long arms of seaweed tangle around her. She could only move one leg, but kept hold of Canute, trying to paddle away from the kelp bed with the use of one arm and one leg. She didn’t think she could keep afloat and hold on to Canute. Her leg was tired and the more she pulled, the tighter the seaweed wrapped around her foot. This was how it was going to end. This was why she always had a fear of the ocean, because she knew one day it would drag her under. She spit out a mouthful of water and tried to keep Canute’s head above the waves. He struggled and scratched her arm with his paws. She could see panic in his eyes and wanted to hug him, but all she could do was hold the harness. What should she do? If she let go of Canute and tried to untangle the kelp, she might lose him again, but they couldn’t both continue struggling. Canute became limp in her grasp. It became harder for her to hold them both above the waves. She faced the horizon and couldn’t tell how far away the shore was behind them. She heard a voice nearby and felt arms around her. Strong muscular arms, pulling her away from the kelp bed until her foot was clear. 
“David!”
She turned and saw Tony Fenten and struggled again.
“Gia!  Stop fighting me.”
Her arms were tired, her muscles began to tighten. She felt her legs cramp. She held on to Canute. She waited for Tony to dunk them both beneath a wave. No one would be able to see what was going on. With her out of the way, suspicion toward Tony Fenton would die with her. She pushed Canute toward him.
“At least save the dog,” she said hoping he would have the decency not to drown her dog too.
“What are you talking about,” said Tony.
A wave covered both of them and Gia stopped struggling. Up against the turbulence, kelp and Tony, there was no way out of this. 
Tony spat out a mouthful of water, and pushed Canute’s harness into Gia’s hand before making a surface dive and removing the kelp from her ankle. Gia allowed Tony to pull them both toward the shore, but they had drifted away from where Rose was standing. She felt the sand under her feet. Canute ran to the beach and shook his body, spurting water like a lawn sprinkler. Gia fell exhausted and spent on the wet sand. 
Tony coughed up salt water bending over with his hands resting above his knees. He looked down at her.
“Gia! What’s the matter with you? I was trying to save you and you were fighting me.”
She looked at him, wondering what his part was in Joe’s murder. It could have happened in much the same way during the flood. Had he pulled Joe under?
“I don’t know what you are thinking, but whatever it is you’re wrong,” he said.
“Joe? The car?” she spluttered.
“You think I killed Joe for that wreck of a car? Don’t be ridiculous. Pat gave me the car. I didn’t kill Joe. He fell.”
She saw David running along the beach and hugged Canute close to her as she watched Tony Fenten stomp off toward the boat ramp and wondered how Tony knew Joe had fallen.


Chapter 13
“I could make a bacon and egg pie,” said Rose from behind the counter at Lowenna Antiques. Rose had found a package of head bands at a local jumble sale and taken to wearing a different color each day, taming the front of her hair. The rest of her wiry gray hair sprouted from the purple band like asparagus fern.
	“That would be lovely,” Susan responded. “For lunch?”
	“No. The bake sale tomorrow,” responded Rose. “We’re raising money aren’t we? We’ve only got two days before the auction.” 
	Gia admired the enthusiasm to raise money for the Lady Daphne fund, but really how much would a bacon and egg pie fetch? Gia watched Susan shrug off the oversized black leather jacket, slipping it on a coat hanger. She cast an admiring glance before arranging it on the coat stand like a wall-hanging at the Tate Museum. 
	“She won the best cook prize for her bacon and egg pie last year,” Susan nodded, turning toward Gia then sliding into a chair. “Rose always wins the best cook prize and  . . .” Her mouth widened into a smile.
Until the Lady Daphne figurehead was placed in the museum, Gia had little hope that she would get either of her friends to concentrate on another project. Rose glanced in the mirror behind the counter and tried to smooth down her hair which sprang back immediately. With a shrug, she turned.
 “. . . Iris is so kind,” continued Susan. “She’s so thoughtful. If Iris wants to help her husband bring the Lady Daphne back, then by golly we should help her.” She sat up straight and punched her tiny fists into her hips. “I know. Mary Newlyn could make her peanut brittle. That always goes well.”
The knitting circle girls, as Rose liked to call them, had rallied around Mary and were encouraging her to get back into the swing of things. Pat hadn’t been seen for days.
“Can we get on with choosing a painting for the Lowenna Antiques competition? Or do we need to form a committee?” asked Gia speaking louder as the postman opened the shop door and outside music filled the shop. 
From under the table Canute opened one eye, looked at the postman and let out a growl low in his throat. The postman pulled his jacket to one side like a gunslinger, and moved his fingers tentatively along the pepper spray canister hooked to his belt. Canute gave the floor a thump with his tail and closed his eye, keeping one ear raised. Outside they heard the loud clang of cymbals.
“It’s the Lowenna Silver Band,” said Susan, heading toward the shop window followed by Rose. “Bob is supposed to be picking me up later. I hope he can get his bike through that crowd.” Susan looked over at the leather jacket.
“Who’s Bob?” Rose wanted to know.
Giving up, Gia left the paintings and moved toward them. From the window, the trio watched the band, wearing red blazers and black trousers, march by. Their shiny silver-plated trombones, tubas and flugelhorns were loud even in the confines of the shop. 
Susan shrugged, but her eyes sparkled. “A friend.”
Rose scrunched her forehead. “A friend with a motor bike?” 
“His father was here during the war and he wanted to come and see where his dad was based.”
“Susan, what are you talking about?”
“He’s Canadian. His father was in at the Air Force base in Newquay during the war. He’s touring on his Harley.” Susan looked toward Gia. “He loves the leather jacket. Says I look the part.”
What part Gia couldn’t figure out. A leather jacket with a dress and Reeboks could not be construed as biker chick attire. Life in the village could be compared to a farce at times.
 “Are they practicing?” asked Gia dismissing her friend’s fashion sense and peering out the shop window. A bunch of girls dressed in brownie uniforms followed the band.
The girls were like a bee hive with one leaving the group every so often, and running toward the crowd gathered on the pavement, followed by a frantic brownie leader.
“Like herding worms,” said Rose. “Poor woman can’t keep them all together.”
“There’s a poster outside the butcher’s,” said the postman. “It’s a remembrance parade for the soldiers. Because of the plaque going missing an’ all,” he glanced at Canute and backed toward the door which Rose opened. “The Royal British Legion organized it,” he said hastily still gripping the pepper spray. 
Canute and Daisy snored softly, ignoring the post man.
“Well, that’s a nice idea.” Rose closed the door behind him and looked out. 
 “Mrs. Jones will be over the moon.”
“Not until that plaque comes back she won’t,” said Gia imagining Mrs. Jones flying over the moon on her witch’s broom.
“There’s Hugo Gilroy’s boy,” Rose pointed to a gray haired, wrinkle faced tuba player diverting Gia’s attention from Tiffany who stood across the street fluffing her hair with her fingertips.
Closing her eyes briefly, Gia opened them in the direction of the band and Hugo Gilroy’s boy. The term ‘boy’ would be used until Hugo Gilroy’s demise. Hugo Gilroy, Senior was now in his nineties, the ‘boy’ close to seventy years old. 
“He cut his finger off in a chain saw accident,” said Rose.
“Hugo?” asked Susan.
“No. The boy. See how he uses his other fingers to play.”
“Can we peleeeeze get back to the paintings?” asked Gia, returning to the table.
With a shrug, Rose picked up the bundle of letters and slid into a chair. “I hate it when you get snippy.”
	“The paintings?” Gia drew her hands, like a game show host, to encompass the scattered pictures in crayon, watercolor and acrylics. “Don’t turn them over,” said Gia as Susan picked up a watercolor. “I told everyone to put their names on the back so we can make a decision without knowing whose picture it is.”
“This envelope is addressed to you Susan,” said Rose sorting through the post.
Susan slid a frame from the padded envelope. “Who’s it from?”
“Here’s a card,” said Rose. “It’s from Iris.”
Both Gia and Rose stopped to watch Susan, her surprise evident.
Turning over the brown envelope, Susan stared at the postmark. “Why would Iris drive all the way to Truro to mail something to me when her shop’s just two doors down?” 
Rose shrugged. “You’re always saying you don’t get anything in the post, maybe she’s just trying to do something nice for you. Anyway, I think she took John to the station. He was heading to London. The Lady Daphne is in one of those big auction houses. Christies I think. He’s head of the Lady Daphne commit . . .” Rose looked at Gia’s expression and stopped mid-sentence.
	“That would be just like Iris,” said Susan. “That woman is kindness itself.” She looked at the frame and black calligraphy letters surrounded by painted flowers the color of a spring garden. “Well will you look at that?”  She pulled from her pocket the scribbled notes she had made when Iris quoted Galatians 5:22 at the knitting circle. “Love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self control.”
“What are you going to do with it?” asked Rose.
“Let’s put it in the shop to remind us of the fruits of the spirit.” Susan removed a plate from the wall and hung the picture in its place.
“I’ll put the kettle on,” said Rose. “I could do with a nice cuppa.”
	“You stay there. I’ll make the tea,” said Gia anxious to have a few minutes alone. Moving Rose and Susan at any pace other than that of a stranded sea turtle was a futile task.
Susan slid artwork toward her, looking at the picture of the harbor, the boats, the gulls. “I like this one. That pretty much shows the village.”
“What about the one of the church?” asked Rose.
With the tea brewing, Gia returned to the table. “I don’t know. It’s going to be a tough decision.”
“Look at this.” Rose moved a watercolor painting on top of the others. It showed the shop window with a quilt and teapots and plates. Reflected in the glass was the church in the top left hand corner and the harbor wall to the right. 
“Oh my.” said Gia. “It covers everything. I wonder who painted it.”
“Let’s look at all the others and then we’ll decide,” Rose said.
 “I’ve already decided. Turn it over,” said Susan.
“Mary Newlyn,” said Rose. “Well I never.”
“When did she bring it in?” 
“Yesterday,” said Susan.
“Well that’s good news.” said Gia. “I suggested she find a hobby.”
“And Pat left for a few days,” said Susan.
“Let’s hope so,” said Gia.
“She did. Because she came in and asked about the china,” Rose chimed in.
“I forgot we’d told her we’d get it appraised. What did you say?” asked Gia.
“I told her you were checking on it, Gia. There’s Norma Walker,” Susan pointed to the window where Norma peered in and the boy scout troop passed behind her bringing up the end of the parade.
“Candles,” said Norma stepping into the shop and consulting her notebook. “I need some candles.”
Norma followed Susan to the dresser where candles were displayed.
Gia watched Susan patiently point to the notebook and show Norma different candles. She thought of Tiffany and wondered if losing short term memory was such a bad thing. If that were her notebook, she’d tear out the Tiffany page and immediately erase her presence.

With the competition winner decided, Gia felt the need to get away for a few minutes. “I’m going to get my nails done.” She held up her hand and showed chipped nails with a smattering of plum nail polish.
 “Go and see Sylvia at Raving Beauty,” said Susan untying her Reebok shoe and sliding off a white ankle sock. “Ask her for Passion Pink. See.” She pointed tiny toes and wiggled fluorescent pink nails.
“What in the world,” exclaimed Rose. 
Susan shrugged, then smiled and wiggled her toes once more before pulling the white sock on.
“What did I come in for?” asked Norma as Rose and Susan shook their heads and pointed to her notebook.
Gia left them discussing candle colors and fragrances which apparently hadn’t been detailed in the notebook.

Stretching her fingers in front of the manicurist Gia pointed to the row of nail polish bottles. “Red, I think.” She looked at the labels on each bottle. “This one. Cardinal Red.”
“You have nice shaped nails it’s a shame you don’t take better care of them.” Sylvia pulled out heavy duty equipment and soaked a cotton ball in remover, taking off the remnants of plum polish before trimming and filing.
“So, Sylvia. Have you lived here long?  I don’t think I’ve seen you around.”
“I came here with my boyfriend. We were living in London, but he wanted to move. He does things on the spur of the moment. Foreigners do that. Very romantic.” She nodded behind her at a framed picture.
Gia flinched as she stared at the blond German. “Stefan,” she whispered.
“You know him?” asked Sylvia holding up a nail file. She turned her head quizzically.
“Umm. I’ve seen him in the bank,” responded Gia.
“He had some trouble with selling his house in Germany.” Sylvia critically inspected Gia’s nails. “So he said if I sold my flat in London and paid for us to move here, he’d pay me back once he sold his house.” Sylvia filed Gia’s thumb nail vigorously. “Stefan’s taking me to dinner in Penzance tomorrow night. There’s a little restaurant that looks like a ship inside. I think he may propose.”
As Sylvia painted her nails Gia wondered how she would tell Holly about Stefan. It made sense that he wouldn’t be honest about his living arrangements. He hadn’t been honest about much of anything as far as she could tell. She listened to Sylvia prattle on about the joys of a live-in boyfriend and Gia wondered if Sylvia would ever see her money again.

The parade had ended and people were milling about, wandering in and out of the shops. Children ran toward a stream that trickled over smooth rocks and flowed across the beach. Feeling her thoughts about men in general move to the dark side, Gia crossed the street. Outside Lowenna Antiques she came face to face with Mrs. Jones whose nose seemed more pinched than ever.  
“I guess you’ll be leaving then,” said Mrs. Jones with her thinning eyebrows arched.
“Leave where?” asked Gia, trying to think how she could move around Mrs. Jones and get back into the shop.
“Lowenna. No sense in you staying here now David is engaged to Tiffany.”
“He’s not engaged to Tiffany,” Gia’s voice rose and she saw two gray heads bob above the display at Lowenna Antiques.
“No need to raise your voice at me, young lady. It’s not my fault you can’t keep a man. Not the first one of your boyfriends to take up with another woman is he?”
Gia felt her fists clench by her side and she envisioned taking a swing at the wizened face. The glass eye was moving slowly. Behind Mrs. Jones, Rose and Susan had stepped from the shop and Rose was making a finger-across-the-throat gesture. 
“Fruits of the spirit,” Susan shouted.
The problem with living in a small town was that you couldn’t walk away, people were waiting for a reaction and Gia was showing plenty of it. Her anger flared behind her eyes. She glanced at her reflection in the Lowenna Antiques window and saw her face redden as her fist clenched tighter. Hysteria bubbled in her throat and she leaned forward, her fury toward both Mrs. Jones and Tiffany fighting within her. 
“What the hell do you know?” she shouted, making both Rose and Susan back up. Rose shook her head frantically and made gestures toward her eye. 
“The eye,” Rose mouthed. 
But Gia had reached the point of no return. She didn’t care about Mrs. Jones’s impediments, didn’t care about her feelings, didn’t care about her good work in the village. All she wanted was to punch her on that skinny nose and remove the smug look from her face. Gia moved closer to Mrs. Jones until she could smell her stale breath.
“Listen, you witch,” Gia could see Mrs. Jones’s nose hairs move as she breathed out.
Without success, Mrs. Jones tried to step back, but Rose and Susan were behind her and Gia leaned forward.
“I don’t want to know your opinions. I don’t want to know what your narrow little mind thinks.” She held up the engagement ring dangling from the necklace, and regretted it was not on her finger. “David,” she shouted, spurting rivlets of spit on to Mrs. Jones’s ashen face. “. . . is engaged to me, not that . . . that . . . woman.”
She raised a fist and Mrs. Jones’s eyes continued to move wildly, each in a different direction.
“The eye!” Rose shouted.
But it was too late. Out spurted the glass eye and moved in slow motion downward until it fell into Gia’s open necked shirt. 
“Yew. Yew. Get it off me,” shouted Gia, ripping open her shirt and pinging a few buttons.
Mrs. Jones caught the eye as it fell from Gia’s blouse. She squinted her eyelid over an empty socket. Rose and Susan stood in the doorway, their mouths open like the figurines of Christmas choir boys.
“Now you’ve gone too far,” said Mrs. Jones pushing the glass eye back in and nodding.
Behind Gia, a man cleared his throat and she turned to see Detective Inspector Barrett.
“Arrest her!” shouted Mrs. Jones, pushing Gia out of the way and confronting Detective Inspector Barrett.
“What for?” he asked.
“Did you see what she did? She had my eye.”
“You’ve got it back now,” said the Inspector slipping his hands into his tweed jacket pockets.
“But she had it in . . . in . . . in her blouse,” said Mrs. Jones. Despite the cool breeze her forehead glistened with perspiration.
“I don’t think that can be considered stealing,” said the Inspector calmly.
Susan and Rose maneuvered Gia away from Mrs. Jones and stood on either side of her. None of them spoke. 
“You’re not local are you?” asked Mrs. Jones peering at the inspector.
“Local?” he asked.
“You weren’t born here.”
“Devon, actually. Torquay.” D.I. Barrett’s eyes creased as his face softened.
“I thought so. If you were local you’d do something. Wait until I tell my husband Police Constable Jones.”
“Ah,” said the Inspector, nodding his head and smiling. 
“Well?”
“You’d best file a report with P.C. Jones being as he’s local like,” said the inspector.
Gia was taking slow, deep breaths. Rose began buttoning up Gia’s gaping blouse and produced a safety pin from her voluminous dress pocket. Susan patted Gia’s arm.
“Your superior will be hearing about this,” said Mrs. Jones, feeling her glass eye with her fingers, and marching across the street.
The detective turned to Gia and shrugged.
“She will you know,” said Rose. “She will file a report with her husband.” Rose fussed with Gia’s buttons and clipped another safety pin closed.
“It’s because of P.C. Jones that I’m here,” said the Detective.
Gia brushed off Rose and watched D.I. Barrett point to the tool collection in the window display. 
“He thinks there’s something in your window that I should check out,” he said.
“And what would that be?” asked Gia pushing Rose’s fingers away again.
“A murder weapon.”

Chapter 14
On Saturday morning, two of the owners from Lowenna Antiques met at the village hall door. The bake sale had brought out an assortment of cakes, pastries and pies along with most of the women from the village. The conversations echoed around the rafters of the old building.
“I’ve brought my laptop so we can keep track of the Beatles picture in the auction on E-Bay,” said Gia moving her mouth closer to Rose’s ear and raising her voice. She tucked the laptop under her arm and eyed cup cakes with chocolate icing.
	“Oh for heavens sake, Gia,” said Rose. “Just get a cake and come on over to our stall. You can never make up your mind about anything. We’re over by the stage. Susan’s putting the pies and cakes out.” Rose threw some coins into a glass jar, selected a chocolate cup cake, nodded to a blond woman whom Gia recognized from the knitting circle, and pushed a cake into Gia’s hand. Icing smeared on Gia’s open palm and the sleeve of her avocado green shirt.
Gia followed Rose through the crowds in the village hall, catching glimpses of Rose’s dress, which was the color of an eggplant and much similar in shape. She picked up a napkin from the table where coffee urns, plastic forks, spoons and sugar packets were set up, and wiped the chocolate from her hand.

	“I told you it was blood on that miner’s pick,” said Susan as she sliced a bakewell tart, then licked almond icing from her finger.
Rose slapped her hand. 
“They don’t know for sure that it’s blood on the pick,” said Gia opening her laptop and scooting her chair away from Rose and Susan who were now bickering over the correct portion size for fudge squares.
“It could still be rust,” said Rose.
Susan slipped a piece of fudge into her mouth and turned her back to Rose while she licked her fingers.
“But it was sticky,” said Susan rubbing her hand down the side of her dress.
“Then whose blood was it?” asked Rose. “It couldn’t have been Joe Newlyn’s. He’s been dead for two weeks. It would have dried out by now.”
“You’re missing the point,” said Gia. “No one has ever confirmed Joe Newlyn was actually murdered. Has Detective Inspector Barrett concluded it was a homicide, or is he still grasping at the proverbial straw?”
“What’s a proverbial straw?” Susan wanted to know.
Rose clicked her tongue on the roof of her mouth and rolled her eyes. “You know. Like in Proverbs. You’ve read Proverbs haven’t you? It’s after Psalms.”
“Of course I’ve read Proverbs,” snapped Susan. “I don’t remember anything about straws though.”
Of the two, Susan had memorized more bible verses, read more chapters and consistently made detailed notes during each Sunday sermon.
Rose appeared to be considering Susan’s comment. “Maybe it was a Chinese proverb then,” she picked up a knife and sliced each fudge square, that Susan had cut, in half.
Gia, wishing she had kept her thoughts to herself, listened to the hum of bickering to her left and thought back over the events of the past two weeks. She forced herself to consider the possibility that Joe’s death was a mystery that might never be solved. She doubted if there was much evidence after the onslaught of rain the Friday night he died. If Joe had been meeting someone out in the harbor he could have borrowed a boat or stolen one. If he had been killed, there would be no evidence, no remaining footprints. The rain would have washed them away. She hadn’t heard of any missing boats. But on the other hand, Tony was adamant that Joe had fallen into the water. How did he know? And what about the gash on Joe’s head? Had that happened before or after he died?  What she needed was a contact in the police station. Perhaps P.C. Jones’s wife would be divulging information at the knitting circle on Monday. She made a mental note to attend the next gathering.
“Do you want a butterfly cake, Gia?” asked Rose.
Gia eyed the cakes. The tops had been cut in a cone shape, sliced in half and sunk into the butter cream icing then sprinkled with powdered sugar. She shook her head.
Mrs. Jones marched by and placed one hand protectively over her eye, giving Gia a glare with the other one.
	“Stupid cow,” said Rose then when Mrs. Jones had moved from sight. She turned her attention to Susan. “Take that leather jacket off, it’s baking hot in here and you look silly.” 
Gia closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead, feeling the beginnings of a headache coming on.
“Is there an outlet on the wall behind you, Susan, so Gia can plug in her little computer?”
	“I don’t need a plug. It has a battery.”
	“In that little thing?” asked Rose squinting. “All this new fangled stuff. Can’t keep up with it. I was excited when we got transistor radios. Susan do you remember . . .”
Surrounded by bacon and egg pies, and cheese straws made from puff pastry, Gia opened the lap top and accessed the E-Bay site.
“How’re we doing then?” asked Rose moving in front of Susan and blocking her view.
“Five hundred pounds,” said Gia.
	“For that old Beatles picture with the writing on it?” Susan moved her chair forward and shouldered her way next to Gia.
“It is signed,” said Rose.
“That’s what I mean. All that writing on it and someone still wants to place a bid.” Susan still didn’t get it, but she was getting to know the auction language.
“Have a cheese straw,” said Rose munching on a cluster of chocolate covered nuts.
Groaning, and feeling the pinch of her jeans, Gia declined and decided she needed to get outside and away from all the sugar. 
“Iris says they’ve raised fifteen thousand pounds. She said John doesn’t know how much the Christie’s  auction for the Lady Daphne is going to go up to, but the auctioneer guesses twenty thousand. We need to raise another five thousand pounds.”
“Four thousand five hundred,” said Susan.
“What?” asked Rose as she used tongs to put fudge into a bag while Susan held out her hand for the coins a young boy was offering.
“We have five hundred pounds for the Beatles picture,” said Susan. “We only need four thousand, five hundred pounds now.”
“Look,” Gia said. “I’ll leave my laptop here so that you can check the auction. “I’ll show you how to refresh the . . .”
Neither Rose nor Susan was looking at the screen. They both watched the crowd of ladies part as a tall, silver haired man, wearing a black leather jacket moved toward their stall.
“It’s Bob,” whispered Susan placing her slender, blue veined palm over her heart. 
“You’re going out with Bob the Biker?” asked Rose. 
But Susan made no indication that she heard Rose. Her head was raised and her eyes watched Bob as he made his way to the front of their stall.
“Bob,” Susan said breathlessly, reminding Gia of a puppy.
Bob held out his hand and Susan moved slowly around the table and placed her tiny hand, barely showing from the long sleeved jacket, in his. Without a word, he led her toward the front door. Over the crowd, Gia saw the hall door open and then a glimpse of the silver gray head before the door closed.
“Bob the Biker,” Rose repeated.
“Just like in An Officer and a Gentleman,” said Gia.
“Bob don’t look anything like Richard Geer,” said Rose huffing as she sliced the fudge even smaller now that there was no one to stop her. 
“Rose, be pleased for her. It’s very romantic.”
“Well, let me ask you this then?” Rose put down the knife, turned toward Gia and placed her hands on her hips. “What happens to that little heart of hers when he decides to go back to Canada?” 
Not knowing this was a rhetorical question, Gia opened her mouth.
“Break it, that’s what.” Rose snapped a cheese straw in half and Gia jumped. “Now you. That’s another matter.” Rose pointed the cheese straw at Gia for emphasis.
“What do you mean me?”
“David’s not likely to leave unless you push him away. The way I see it is, that Tiffany is strutting around Lowenna with her nose in the air and them blond curls bouncing, and she’s after your man and what are you doing about it?”
“It has to be David’s decision.”
“That’s where you’ve got it wrong young lady. He has to think it’s his decision. You need to make sure he makes the right one, and sitting on your arse and waiting ain’t going to do the trick. She wants to know my son in the biblical sense and if you don’t go and tell her to sod off, then I will.”
“Whatever,” said Gia, who didn’t feel like arguing and hated confrontation.
“Of course I’m being selfish,” continued Rose. “I wouldn’t want that tart for a daughter-in-law.”
“David and I are practically engaged.”
“You are or you aren’t. Practically ain’t in it. Whether Tiffany is sick or not, she still has designs on my son. Stop being stupid, and put that ring on your finger. Go and see David and get everything sorted. If you want him. Go and fight for him.”
Gia pulled the chain from her blouse and watched the diamond sparkle. Of course she wanted to put the ring on her finger, but not until Tiffany was gone and they could start their engagement without any doubts that it would continue until their wedding day. 
“Get on out of here. The sale won’t last more than another hour,” said Rose. “I can pack up. Get some of Mary’s peanut brittle on the way out. She’s by the front door,” said Rose.
“Let me show you how to check on the E-Bay auction first.” said Gia. 
She showed Rose how to refresh the screen for an update on the auction. Rose stared at the screen and was still in the same position when Gia wove her way through the crowds.

Gia saw Holly cross the street and waved. 
Even before meeting Holly, Gia had doubts if she could tell her about Stefan. She hated delivering bad news. The timing just didn’t seem right. 
“Want some of Mary Newlyn’s peanut brittle?” asked Gia trying to dislodge it from her front teeth.
“You got your nails done.” Holly grabbed her hand and admired the cardinal red nails. “Nice.”
“Where’re you off to?” Gia asked, sliding her hand away.
“Just finished up the lunchtime shift. What about you?”
“I was helping out at the bake sale. We’re not opening the shop today.”
“Do you want to go and get a coffee?” asked Holly. “Come on. Let’s go over to the Seahorse café. It’s nice enough to sit outside.”
“Sure.”
“Brian called me. I’m going to meet him tonight.” Holly dipped her hand into the bag of peanut brittle. “He said you hardly ever do anything with him anymore.”
“I have been a bit busy, you know,” Gia retorted. “But I’m glad you’re going out with him.”
“I’m not really going out. He’s a cousin after all,” said Holly.
“Mine, not yours,” added Gia.
“This isn’t as neat as Mary usually makes. It’s a bit smashed up. How is she?” asked Holly.
“You know, Holly, she’s like two different people. When Pat’s around she’s a timid mouse just like she was when Joe was alive. Without Pat, she seems to perk up. You should see the painting that she did for the Lowenna Antiques competition. It’s amazing.”
“Do you think Pat’s blackmailing her or something?” Holly asked, pulling out a chair.
“She’s her daughter. Surely the woman has some compassion toward her mother.”
“I doubt it. Pat doesn’t seem to care much for those girls of hers either.”
The two women selected a table outside the café. The skies were clear, the sea was calm and a robin hopped between the tables pecking at crumbs.
“There goes Ruby Harris,” said Holly. “With her new boy. There’s something familiar about him don’t you think?”
Gia gasped when she turned. “I thought it was Pat for a minute.”
“With a beard?”
“From the back he looks just like Pat.”
Holly shrugged, then squinted. “I suppose there are some similarities. He’s got longer hair but it is the same color. Aren’t we all supposed to have look-alikes?”
“He’s very young to be with Ruby.”
While Gia continued to watch Ruby and her new toy, Holly shrugged again. She signaled to a waitress who eyed Holly suspiciously. 
“Cash is it?” she asked, pulling an order pad from her pale blue apron pocket.
Holly shifted in her seat and looked down at her nails as if deciding whether to schedule an appointment to get them painted. 
“Well?” Persisted the waitress.
“What do you mean?” Holly looked up. “You’ve got a notice on the door showing you take credit cards.”
“We do, but we can’t take yours any longer.”
“Oh for heaven’s sake,” Holly put her palms and the table and started to rise.
Gia hesitated. This was embarrassing, but she may have left it too long to make this right. The body language of both women looked much like two rams ready to lunge into each other.
“I’ll pay. Two coffees,” she said brightly putting her hand over Holly’s which she hoped was reassuring. “And I have cash,” she added.
“Of course you do,” said Holly looking upward and removing her hand.
It seemed that Holly’s money problems had arrived at the same time as the German. Since Holly had met Stefan, she looked tired with a little fan of lines around her eyes. They no longer sparkled. The initial euphoria hit Holly quickly with each new relationship and telling her to slow down was like telling a cat not to chase a bird. Regardless of impending turbulence, she jumped in. Here was the tough part, thought Gia, should she tell her about Stefan and Sylvia or assume she knew he was seeing someone else and wait until Holly was ready to talk. 
“Well?” asked Gia. “What’s going on with you and Stefan these days?”
“You’re not still on about that? Gia, just worry about you and David.”
	Gia wasn’t ready to give up. She would give Holly the chance to divulge any suspicions she had about Stefan with some gentle prodding, and knowing Sylvia and Stefan were going out for dinner she continued. 
“About Stefan. What is he doing tonight? What do you really know about him?” 
 Holly glanced at Gia and scrunched her forehead. “What’s there to know? He’s meeting with someone from work.”
 “I . . .” Gia paused. She couldn’t admit she knew Stefan had plans tonight and not with anyone he worked with. Why couldn’t she just keep her mouth shut? “. . . I thought we could go to lobster night at the Roskyn hotel.”
“You want to go and eat where Tiffany’s staying? Really?”
Darn. Of all places to pick. Okay, now she should just stop talking. Not say another word about either Stefan or Tiffany. Each of them had a nemesis, but Holly didn’t know about hers and Gia wasn’t ready to meet Tiffany head on. Getting it sorted, as Rose put it, wasn’t going to be easy. What if Tiffany died and it was her fault? Did she want that hanging over her? No, she didn’t and David had to decide what to do. She wasn’t going to be responsible for the outcome.
“Great idea,” said Holly. “Confronting your fears.”
Giving a weak smile, Gia nodded and even though it was black, she stirred her coffee.
“What time?” asked Holly.
Good question. What time would be best to avoid Tiffany? If she was one of those city women she would eat later. “Six-Thirty.”
“I’ll come over at six then,” said Holly refreshing her lipstick.
Thinking this was probably Holly’s subtle revenge against the waitress, Gia eyed the ruby red, half moon lip imprint on the side of Holly’s white coffee cup. She wore heavy duty lipstick and it would take some time to remove the red wax. From helping out at the café during the summers Gia knew it was the waitress’s job to rinse the plates and cups before stacking them next to the dishwasher. 
“Do you think she did that on purpose?” asked Holly, picking up a napkin.
“What on purpose?” asked Gia.
Holly obviously had second thoughts and blotted her lips with the napkin then wiped off the impression from the cup, leaving a light pink smear. “Moving into a hotel just a hop, skip and a jump from your cottage.”
“How would she have known anything about me?”
“Don’t underestimate women like her. She doesn’t think like us.”
	This had always been a problem. Gia tried to see the best in people and believed deep down that everyone was inherently good, but sometimes had a moment of hatefulness or frustration. Holly, on the other hand, could usually see through to the inner core and often found that they were naturally evil. But Holly’s instinct sometimes went astray when it was clouded by the stars in her eyes. Which brought her back to Tiffany again. Was she inherently good or naturally evil? Were her intentions to get a bone marrow transplant or to get David? 
“Stop analyzing,” said Holly. 
“I wasn’t.”
“Yes you were. I can almost see the wheels in motion. Tiffany’s not here to do anything, but cause problems. You can’t tell me that with the transplant bank as large as it is that David is the only one in the whole country who can help her. She drove all the way from Exeter to track him down. Come on, Gia think about it.”
“Okay, but I’m not confronting anyone. We’ll just have a nice dinner and a glass of wine and have a relaxing evening.”
“I’ll call Natalie and see if she can reserve a table for us,” suggested Holly.
“By the window,” added Gia, thinking that with their eyes toward the ocean, they wouldn’t have to look at anyone else in the restaurant behind them.

The Roskyn Hotel was built with dark stone and balanced on the cliff edge. Gia half expected a medieval army to peer over the rampart-like roof and aim arrows from longbows. Through the picture windows, the restaurant looked full of patrons. Natalie waved and then walked to the front to meet them.
“Table by the window,” she said guiding them between the tables. “Where are the boys tonight?”’
Gia looked down.
“Uh, oh. Trouble in paradise?”
“Confront your fears,” Holly whispered, then turned to Natalie. “Girls’ night. Do you want to join us?”
“Maybe if things calm down, but we’re fully booked at the moment. Lucky for you that you know the management,” Natalie winked and handed Holly the wine menu.
“Just a wine spritzer for me,” said Gia sliding into a chair.
Holly nodded. “Same here. And we want the lobster special.”
“Good choice,” Natalie agreed. “I’ll be right back.”
“So. What’s Stefan doing tonight?” asked Gia as she straightened the salt and pepper shaker and unfolded a dark green napkin shaped like a water lily. 
“You know,” responded Holly.
Gia looked up and bit her lip. “Well I—”
“I told you. He’s meeting with someone from the bank.”
“Oh. That.” Gia looked down and straightened her knife and fork.
“What’s wrong with you, Gia?”
“Nothing.”
“Is there something you’re not telling me?” asked Holly.
Before Gia could answer, a waiter placed two white wine spritzers on the table, then picked up Holly’s napkin and draped it in her lap. Gia was twisting hers around her finger and he watched her for a moment obviously considering whether protocol allowed him to pry the napkin from her hands. Gia squirmed in her seat, watching the club soda bubbles mingle with the wine in her glass.
“I need to go to the ladies,” Gia picked up her bag as the waiter departed.
“Okay,” Holly looked out the window.
“I need you to go with me,” Gia said urgently.
“Why?”
“In case I see that woman.” 
“Oh for heaven’s sake, Gia. Either confront her or ignore her,” said Holly. “Those are the only choices you have.”
“Come with me,” she pleaded.
Holly put her napkin on the table, took a swig of the wine and walked past the crowded tables with Gia following on her heels. 
“It’s so crowded you wouldn’t find anyone you knew anyway. A blond would stand out though,” Holly laughed as they passed a group of Asian women, then she stopped suddenly.
Gia ran into her and over Holly’s shoulder she spotted Stefan and Sylvia. Holly’s pace quickened until she stopped where Stefan was holding Sylvia’s hand. He held a solitaire diamond ring between his fingers. Neither of them noticed Holly.
“Meeting with someone from the bank,” screamed Holly waving her arms in the air.
“Holly,” whispered Gia. “Let’s go.”
“Well?” asked Holly dismissing Gia with a wave of her hand.
Stefan lowered the ring and Holly picked it up and stuffed it into a chocolate mousse. With her fingers covered in chocolate, and dripping with raspberry sauce, she picked up the remains of Sylvia’s lobster. Behind them it was quiet. There was no clinking of cutlery, no chinking of china and no conversational buzz. She raised her arm, but Gia grabbed the lobster and tried to pry it from her friend’s hand. Holly fell and landed on Stefan’s lap releasing the sea creature. Reeling back, Gia felt her hand come into contact with something behind her. Turning, she watched Tiffany hold up her hands. Gia looked down at the remains of the red crustacean dangling in her hand. Lobster meat clung to Tiffany’s curls like Christmas ornaments on a tree.
“What the hell are you doing?” Tiffany screamed. “You’re both nuts.”
Sylvia ran out of the restaurant followed by Stefan. 
“Come back here!” Holly yelled.
But at the front door there was someone else they knew, and David stood watching Tiffany pull lobster meat from her hair.
Chapter 15
“I don’t know how you get yourself in such a pickle. What were you two doing at the Roskyn Hotel on a Saturday night?” Rose passed Gia a hymn book. 
	“I didn’t mean to hit Tiffany,” said Gia.
	Susan slid into the pew. “I bet it felt good though didn’t it?” 
	“Couldn’t you leave the leather jacket at home for one day?” asked Rose. “What will the Vicar say?”
	“Bob’s meeting me after church,” said Susan slipping off the jacket and bundling it on to the wooden pew next to her. “This vicar isn’t like the old stick in the mud we used to have. I’ve seen him riding his bike around Lowenna.”
	“Susan,” Rose observed. “He rides a bicycle which is a bit different from roaring around the village on the back of that. . . that . . . never mind.”
Sitting quietly for a few minutes, the trio stared at the altar. Then Susan lowered her head and Rose shook hers. Gia looked up at wooden beams much like the overturned frame of a boat. The church was an old Norman structure with variegated gray flagstone floors and supporting columns that interrupted the view of the pulpit. Brass plaques of the saints lined the walls and above the Cornish stone were stained glass windows defusing the sunbeams. Vases of lilies on stands around the church let off a heady fragrance mingled with the smell of old wood.
“What did David say?” Rose wanted to know.
“Not much,” Gia shrugged. “I must admit Tiffany looked a sight after Holly tried to remove the lobster from her hair and left chocolate mousse all over her.”
“I told David you and Holly were eating at the hotel. I wish I hadn’t told him to go and find you now.”
“I thought he was there to see Tiffany,” said Gia.
“As usual, you were wrong. So, you didn’t speak to Tiffany?” asked Rose.
	“No, she ran up the stairs to her room. I doubt if she’ll talk to me now. Not that I really want to anyway. I just wish she’d pack her bags and go home.”
The tinny sound blared from Gia’s phone and Susan opened her hymn book and started to sing - Joyful, joyful, we adore thee.”
“Stop singing,” commanded Rose as she leaned across Gia and put her hand on Susan’s hymn book. “Look around, no one else is singing are they?”
“But it’s the next hymn,” said Susan looking perplexed. She glanced at the small wooden frame on the stone column and compared the number in the frame to the hymn in her book.
“It is the next hymn,” Rose agreed, but that was Gia’s phone which . . .” Rose gave Gia the lowered head and raised eye look. “ . . . she didn’t turn off even though she’s in God’s house.”
“It’s a text message from my mother.”
“She doesn’t know it’s Sunday?” asked Rose.
“She doesn’t care what day it is. She wants me to look at another house.”
Sounds came out hesitantly from the organ pipes until the music blared too loud for the small church. Susan raised her hymn book, but then lowered it until Rose opened hers. They all stood, and from the mouths of a congregation, came a sound that was probably nothing like the composer had envisioned.
“Tomorrow,” blared the Vicar, his voice echoing around the uncarpeted church. “The Lady Daphne will be returned to her rightful home. I say will because this is where she belongs and God is faithful. I believe she will be returned. We must pray for a safe journey for John Trewellyn and that God’s will be done. As it says in . . .”
His voice faded away as Gia thought about God’s will and hoped that he also wanted Tiffany to go home because if the heavenly deity was placing people where they belonged, Tiffany sure didn’t belong here. 

Outside the church, Paul Lanner waited for the three ladies and Rose pecked her husband on the cheek. He wore jeans and a tool belt and looked out of place among the dresses and occasional Sunday hat.
“I put those shelves up at the shop like you wanted, but didn’t have time to tidy up,” Paul glanced at Rose. “Yet,” he added and was visibly relieved when she lowered her hands from her hips and her stiff body relaxed. 
Gia was impressed how quickly he had learned how to soften Rose up. An art many had tried and failed at.
“Don’t worry about that Mr. Lanner,” said Gia. “We’ll do it. Thanks for taking care of us.”
“I wish you’d call me Paul,” he said. “We’re neighbors, you know. No need to stand on formality.”
Gia nodded, but even Rose herself had referred to him as Mr. Lanner until shortly before their wedding. Times were changing in the village and ceremonies and tradition were being dispensed with, leaving behind a vague smattering of rules.
“I have a few jobs to finish up,” Paul hitched his tool belt up which had trouble settling anywhere as he had neither a waist nor hips.
“Might as well go over to the shop and sort it out then,” Rose had obviously resigned herself to the ‘yet’ being merely a suggestion. “Susan, do you want to help me?”
“I told you, Bob’s meeting me,” Susan said. “Here he comes now.”
They turned to watch the motorcycle coming down the hill then disappearing briefly before it rounded the corner.
“That thing looks dangerous,” said Rose.
Susan shrugged and exchanged a glance with Gia before sliding on the leather jacket and tying a scarf imprinted with red poppies around her head.
Bob pulled up beside them and Paul admired the shiny black tank and chrome pipes.
“Don’t even think about it,” said Rose. “We are not getting one of those.”
The men shook hands. Bob climbed from the bike and handed Susan a helmet. 
Paul stepped back and no one spoke as Susan and her companion roared through the village.
“Cup of tea, Gia?” Rose asked.
Gia nodded absently, still watching the bike as it became as small as a Matchbox toy cresting the hill.
“I’ll be off then,” Paul leaned over and kissed Rose’s cheek. 
She nodded. “We’ll get cracking on the shop.” Rose slipped her arm through Gia’s.
“Rose, Gia,” Iris Trewellyn called. “Wait. I want a word.”
Both Gia and Rose turned to see Iris walk around the carved Celtic cross that was taller than she, and step in front of them. Her eyes were bright as she stopped to catch her breath.
“Excuse me,” she said, inhaling deeply and patting her chest. “We’ve nearly got it.”
“Got what,” Rose wanted to know.
“The money. We raised fifteen hundred pounds yesterday at the bake sale.
“If the auction goes up to twenty thousand pounds, you’ll still be three and half thousand short,” said Gia confused.
“We had another thousand donated,” Iris explained.
“And the Beatles picture,” Rose said. “We haven’t looked at how much that sold for. It was five hundred pounds the last time we looked.”
“I forgot to check,” said Gia. “We can look when we get to the shop. I left my laptop there.”
“Do you want to come over and have a cup of tea and a sandwich, Iris?” Rose asked.
“I’ve got to get home. John wanted me to hire him a van to drive back. There’s only two trains from London tomorrow and he wanted to get back as quickly as possible. This is so exciting.” Iris clapped her hands and rushed off, leaving the two women staring after her.
“I’ve never seen her like that,” said Gia. “She’s usually so composed.”
“Iris is going to come down to earth with a thud if John gets outbid at the Christie’s auction tomorrow. I wonder if he knows what he’s doing.” Rose let out a sigh as they reached the shop. “Best get the dustpan and brush out. Paul probably left sawdust all over the floor,” Rose took out her key and unlocked the door to Lowenna Antiques. “I’ll put the kettle on and I think there’s some bread and cheese in the fridge. Do you want a sandwich? I’m not making a roast today on account of Paul working an’ all.”
“Do you need help? If not, then I’m going to get the deposits ready to take to the bank tomorrow,” said Gia, opening the till drawer.
While listening to Rose hum in the tiny kitchen, Gia pulled out checks and began to mark them on a deposit slip.
“Rose! Rose! Where did this check come from?” Gia asked as she puzzled over the signature.
“Hold on a sec.”
From the kitchen, Rose carried a tray which she placed on the table before looking at the check.
“Patrick Harris. That’s Ruby’s son.”
“I thought he was a . . . a . . .”
Rose chuckled. “You thought she was knocking around with some young boy. Come on Gia be serious.” Rose removed the sandwich plate from the tray. “Uncanny how he looks like Pat though - scared the beejesus out of Susan.”
No sooner had they sat at the table, than the bell on the door tinkled, stopping any further conversation about Pat and her look-alike.
“We’re closed,” shouted Rose. “Didn’t you put the closed sign on the door?” she asked Gia, turning in her chair to see who had walked in the shop. “Inspector?”
“I saw the light on. Hope you don’t mind.”
Gia groaned inside, but smiled nonetheless. Perhaps she could find something out. Many a secret was spilled over a cup of tea.
“Two sugars right?” asked Rose, pulling out a chair. “Get another cup, Gia, will you?”
Detective Inspector Barrett slid into a chair and eyed Gia through his gold rimmed glasses. He was a large man with graying hair. Although he wore the same tweed jacket he had worn for years, he had replaced the brown trousers with dark blue jeans.
“Miss Brea not here today?” he asked.
“Off with Bob the Biker,” Rose removed the tea cozy, stirred the tea, then poured liquid into each of their cups. 
Gia passed the sugar to the Inspector and looked at him. Surely she was mistaking his expression. Was the Inspector interested in Susan Brea too? What was it about that little lady that had men chasing after her? 
“How’s the case going?” asked Gia.
Rose picked up the plate of cheese and cucumber sandwich triangles and held it out. The Inspector took two.
“I’ve been getting the post mortem results in bits and pieces. You know I can’t tell you everything.”
Gia shrugged. “What can you tell us?”
“There were marks on his hands.”
“Defensive wounds,” added Rose who watched CSI.
“Not necessarily.” The detective sipped his tea as Rose and Gia leaned forward, waiting for him to continue. “He had several gashes on the back of his hand.”
“Like the ones on his head?” asked Rose.
“No. They were a different shape.”
“Do you think he hit his head when he fell from the boat?” asked Gia biting the corner from a sandwich.
“What boat?” asked D.I. Barrett, lowering his sandwich.
“I thought he must have fallen from a boat,” said Gia.
“Interesting.” The Inspector looked at the candles stacked like a pyramid on the counter. His eyes moved from side to side. “But I don’t agree.”
“How did he get in the water then?” Rose wanted to know.
“Must have been the river,” added Gia. “He floated down the river, but got caught up with the incoming tide.”
The inspector added another lump of sugar and stirred his tea. The delicate china looked like a doll’s cup in his large hand. “That’s the conclusion I came to,” he said. 
“But you still don’t know how he got there?” asked Rose.
“He’d been in the water for a while. Nearest we can guess is he’d been there since Friday night which was when Mrs. Newlyn said he went missing.” He turned to Gia. “You were right. Plenty of people were upset with Joe Newlyn.”
None of the three spoke for a moment. The inspector looked at his watch and bit into another sandwich. Rose stirred the tea pot and refreshed their cups and Gia bit her lip.
“What about the pick?” Gia asked. “Was there blood on it?”
The Inspector swallowed and nodded.
“Was it Joe’s?”
Again, the inspector nodded.
“So it was the murder weapon?” Rose leaned her elbows on the table.
“No.”
Both Gia and Rose watched the inspector and Gia wondered how much information he was willing to divulge.
“No,” he repeated. “It didn’t kill Joe.” He raised his cup to his lips. “But there was something else on the pick too . . .”
Rose leaned forward again. “Like what?”
“I probably should keep that under wraps for now.”
“Must be the sticky stuff,” mumbled Rose.
“So what did kill him?” asked Gia.
The Inspector sipped his tea, then lowered the cup. “Look. I probably shouldn’t be telling you the details, but the truth is I’m not getting anywhere.” He looked behind him. “This is not to go any further you understand?”
The women nodded.
“As I said, the blood on the pick was Joe’s and it was probably the instrument that stabbed his hand. The marks on his head were different. I still think it may have been a hammer, but I haven’t got a full report from the examiner and he hasn’t told me if the blows killed him or if he drowned. Still . . .” The Inspector paused and looked at the plate of sandwiches. “. . . there were other . . . other marks on his body. What we need to know is what finally killed him.”
“Why don’t they know?” Rose wanted to know.
“Because, Mrs. Lanner, they’re busy.”
“No need to bite my head off. You did come in here for our help didn’t you?” asked Rose.
Detective Inspector Barrett’s expression didn’t change.
“Well, let’s assume you did,” said Gia. “How can we help?”
“I’m treating this as a murder investigation.” He pushed his empty tea cup toward Rose.
“Well don’t look at me like that,” said Rose. “I’m not a suspect.” She raised the tea pot over his cup. 
D.I. Barrett studied Rose for a moment. “I haven’t ruled out anyone – yet.”
“Finished have you?” Rose lowered the tea pot and took his empty cup into the kitchen.
Gia heard water running.
“It is my job,” he said to Gia.
“You do approach things like a bull in a china shop though.”
He shrugged and pushed his glasses onto the bridge of his nose.
“I don’t like to talk about friends and neighbors, but there is one person you should watch,” said Gia.
“And who’s that?” asked the Detective taking out his notebook.
“Pat. Mary Newlyn’s daughter.”
“I’ve heard about her. But she doesn’t really have a motive for killing her father. From what I’ve heard, they were close. Now the other daughter, that’s a different matter.”
“But she’s in Italy.”
“Doesn’t take long to jump on a plane and get here these days. Doesn’t cost much either.”
“It may not have been anyone from the village,” said Gia.
“I think it was.”
“Why?” She put her finger in the cup handle in case Rose rushed in and whisked it away before she finished drinking.
The Detective stood. “I can’t just concentrate on one person just because you don’t like her. Pat has problems that’s for sure. But nice people kill too if they’re feeling backed into a corner or threatened.”
“You didn’t answer my question. Why would it be someone outside Lowenna?”
They could hear Rose in the kitchen. Cups and saucers clinked and the kettle whistled.
“Joe Newlyn wasn’t a big man. A woman could have killed him. It could have been to do with money.”
Gia considered the possibility. “Because he owed people money?” 
“No. Because they owed him money. You haven’t heard about their poker nights?”
“Poker nights?”
“Terry Devoran, Tony Fenten, Joe Newlyn and that Truro bloke.”
While Gia thought about the relationships within the village and wondered if Stefan was the Truro bloke, Detective Inspector Barrett pushed his chair under the table.
“What else was on the pick then?” asked Gia.
“It was a mixture of things. Residue from nuts.” The inspector ran his finger along the ladder back chair as if admiring the wood grain.
“Nuts aren’t sticky,” observed Gia.
The inspector looked up. “No. But peanut brittle is.”
Gia, looked down, avoiding eye contact. Peanut brittle?
“Let me know if you think of anything,” he said, then raised his voice. “Thank you for the tea Mrs. Lanner.”
Rose came from the kitchen with a red linen tea towel, sporting pictures of local harbors, draped on her arm.
“You’re leaving so soon?” she asked with an unmistakably sarcastic tone. 
Gia heard the bell over the door clang and pushing thoughts of Mary and her famous peanut brittle from her mind, absently opened her laptop and logged on to the E-Bay auction site. 
“What, Gia?” asked Rose. “Gia, what is it?”
But Gia continued to stare at the screen and didn’t move. Finally she spoke. “The Beatles picture . . .”
“Yes.”
“It sold,” said Gia.
“Five hundred pounds?” asked Rose.
“No. Three thousand.”


Chapter 16
The following morning, Mary Newlyn was waiting at her front door when Rose, Gia and Susan arrived. She wore a skirt the color of daffodils and a dark blue cardigan over a white blouse. If the color of her clothes matched her mood, then this was a good day for Mary, which meant that her daughter was not around.
“Thank you for picking me up,” said Mary. “Oh, dear. That dog has been in the rubbish again. Why Mrs. Walker puts it out so early, I don’t know.”
“You get in the car,” said Gia “I’ll pick it up. I think I’ve got a plastic bag in the back.”
She looked down at Mary’s small hand and wondered if the petite woman was capable of wielding a pick, used to break up peanut brittle, and kill her husband. Gia opened the glove box and took out a bag. While Rose, Susan and Mary chatted in the car, she picked up papers spewed on Mary’s lawn. One of Norma Walker’s notebooks slid from the bag and Gia opened it, glancing at the neatly written pages of daily events. 
“Are you going to stand there reading, or are we going to the knitting circle?” yelled Rose from the car window.
“Be right there,” said Gia, but a page in the notebook brought a frown to her face. The journal was full and she guessed that Norma only needed to keep track of the current day’s events, discarding each book when there were no empty pages left. Another piece of paper caught her eye and she picked it up. It was a bank statement and she folded and stuffed it into the notebook, slipping both into her jacket pocket, then bundling up the trash and leaving it by the side of the road. Before climbing into the car she pulled out her mobile phone and looked up D.I. Barrett’s phone number.
“Are we going to the village hall or not?” asked Rose, her irritation evident.
Gia flipped the phone closed and patted the notebook in her pocket. It could wait, she’d call him later. He was going to want to know what she had found.

At the village hall, Iris pulled open a metal chair and slid it between Rose and Susan. “The bid was for eighteen thousand pounds,” she said. “John’s on his way back. He’ll be home this afternoon.”
“We’ll be in the shop, so we can all run out and meet him. Can he call you when he’s nearly here?” Rose asked.
Iris nodded.
“So you have money over, then?” asked Susan.
“Yes. We’ll use that to make the display at the museum special. We talked to Paul,” said Iris, nodding toward Rose. “He said he can build something that looks like the bow of a ship in the corner of the museum and we’ll attach the lady Daphne to that.”
“This is so exciting,” said Susan trying to clap her hands, but the long sleeves of the leather jacket kept falling down to her fingertips.
“Waste of money,” said a wizened wiry woman.
“Oh for heaven’s sake,” said Rose. “You’re just a miserable old biddy. You should be pleased. The Lady Daphne was built here. She belongs here.”
“What about the plaque? No one’s looking for that. Seems to me it’s more important that our soldiers know we won’t forget them,” retorted the woman.
“I agree,” said Iris with a sigh. “That’s very sad that the plaque is still missing.”
“But they found it,” said Mrs. Jones, the police constable’s wife. “My husband found it, actually.” Now she had everyone’s attention, she stood and placed her knitting on the chair. “It was in Joe Newlyn’s shed.”
“But didn’t it go missing after he died?”
Everyone stared at Mary Newlyn who cowered in her chair. “I didn’t know anything about it. When was it found?” asked Mary.
“You can’t tell me you didn’t know it was there,” said Mrs. Jones.
“Why would I go in the shed?” argued Mary Newlyn.
“She has a point,” said Rose. “I didn’t even look in my shed after Mr. Penrose died. David and Paul sorted everything out.”
“Pat,” whispered Gia. “She was trying to find things to sell.”
Rose turned to her. “But she wouldn’t have been able to take it down from the monument would she? It would have been too heavy.”
Gia shrugged.
Mary Newlyn rose and wandered into the kitchen where Gia found her bent over the sink.
“It will be all right,” said Gia. “We’ll get this all sorted out.”
“But you don’t know . . . you don’t know what’s been going on in my family.” Mary coughed and shook her head. Her eyes welled with unshed tears.
“I do, Mary.” Gia patted the notebook in her pocket. “I do know, and it will be all right. I promise you.”
Mary shook her head. “No one can make it right. I may never see the girls again.”
“The girls?”
“Kylie and Abbie.”
“Come on over to the shop after we finish here and you can have lunch with us,” suggested Gia.
“I’ll just go home, if you don’t mind.”
“No, Mary. You need to be with friends.”
With sad eyes like a basset hound, Mary blinked and gave a slow nod as Gia wrapped her arms around the woman’s small frame.

“Where’s Susan,” asked Gia as she handed Mary the plate of sausage rolls.
“Off with Bob. Once it starts raining, that will curtail her gadding about,” said Rose looking out at the storm filled clouds.
“I hope it doesn’t rain until John gets home with the Lady Daphne,” said Mary nibbling at the pastry and sausage.
“It’s going to bucket down once those clouds open up, but he should be here in another hour or so if there’s not much traffic,” said Rose.
“I haven’t seen your young man lately.” Mary put down the sausage roll and looked at Gia, waiting for a response which wasn’t forthcoming.
“My boy asked her to marry him,” said Rose.
“Well, that’s lovely.”
“But she can’t make up her mind,” added Rose with a glare toward Gia.
“That’s not true,” said Gia. “It’s complicated.” 
“Life’s very complicated,” agreed Mary heading toward the shop window. “Oh dear, it looks like there’s drops of rain on the pavement.”
From outside, Iris waved, beckoning them to join her, and the trio walked out and stood under the shop awning.
“He’ll be here any minute,” said Iris. “I was just coming over to tell you. Where’s Susan?”
“With Bob the Biker,” said Rose with a disapproving tone.
“She’ll get wet,” said Iris.
“Yep. She will, but you can’t tell her anything. Pig headed that woman.”
Gia thought this was something Rose didn’t recognize in herself. Susan was an odd little woman, but her heart was in the right place and she had a bigger sense of adventure than the four women standing outside Lowenna Antiques.
Across the street they saw Tiffany with a large umbrella pushing against the wind and rain which was now a steady downpour. She looked down, guiding herself by the ground and unaware of anything that the umbrella blocked in front of her.
Through the sound of rain falling, came the distinct noise of a motor cycle crossing the bridge on their right. Iris pointed to their left as a van rounded the corner.
“John, John,” Iris called waving her handkerchief like one of the ladies at a jousting match.
“Bob’s going much too fast,” observed Rose. “Doesn’t he know the road is slick?”
But neither the women nor Bob could have foreseen what would happen next. Tiffany, aware of neither Bob’s bike nor John’s van, stepped into the street. As Iris screamed, John slammed on his brakes and skidded, then they heard a loud thump. Tiffany’s umbrella flew through the air, and caught in the wind, was whisked off while Tiffany landed on her back after coming into contact with the van’s bumper. Bob tried to swerve unsuccessfully and the bike turned on its side, depositing Susan in front of the shop while Bob continued on the bike until it stopped next to Tiffany.
For a moment no one moved and the only sound was the engine from the motorcycle, which continued revving. Then, as if a switch had been flicked on, everyone was running. Rose ran to help Susan, Iris and Mary ran toward John and Bob, and Gia walked to where Tiffany was unconscious. She checked her pulse then pulled out her phone and dialed nine-nine-nine, wondering if God had misinterpreted her prayer to send Tiffany home.

“Are you all right?” asked Holly as they sat in the Royal Cornwall Hospital waiting room.
Was she all right? That was a question Gia couldn’t answer. She felt guilty for hoping Tiffany would no longer be a problem, she felt guilty because she hadn’t noticed Mary’s husband tearing his family apart, she felt guilty for shunning David when he was only trying to do the right thing. But she didn’t want to talk about any of this and so she nodded.
“You must be in shock,” said Holly. “Do you want me to get some tea or something from the cafeteria?”
“No. I’m okay. Here’s Susan now.”
Gia stood and helped Susan on to a seat. Above them the television blared, but she preferred the noise to an echoing silence.
“Bob’s got a broken leg,” said Susan.
“What about you?” Holly asked, patting Susan’s mud splattered dress.
“Just a bit dizzy. The doctor said I’ll be okay. I might be a bit sore.”
“You were dizzy to start with, going out on that bike,” said Rose coming into the waiting room. “Now perhaps you’ll see sense.”
“Bob’s going back to Canada,” said Susan.
“I knew it,” Rose nodded.
“Aw. I’m sorry,” Gia pursed her lips, feeling for her friend.
“I knew he was going back. I didn’t think this was more than a fling.” Susan looked at Rose. “What did you think? That I was going to marry him or something?”
“Well, I—”
“Rose, I was just having a bit of fun. I don’t want to get married at my age. It’s not like my heart’s broken or anything. Of course, I’ll miss him.”
“Did anyone ask about Tiffany?” Holly wanted to know.
“Concussion,” Gia looked up to see the trio staring at her. “She’ll be up and about in no time.”
“Did you see her?” asked Rose.
“I did. I stayed with her while the doctor was here and we had a nice little chat when she woke up.”
“Confronting your fears,” said Holly nodding.
“I offered to go and pack her stuff at the hotel so that she can leave as soon as she’s discharged. I’ll even put her on the train.”
“So, what about the surgery?” asked Susan.
Rose squinted her eyes. “What surgery?” 
“I thought she came here for surgery,” said Susan.
“Oh, you mean the bone marrow transplant?” asked Rose.
“She’s not getting a bone marrow or anything else from my man,” said Gia.
“It’s not like you to be mean,” Holly put down the magazine she’d been reading.
“She’s not getting it because she doesn’t need it. I told the doctor about her medical problems and he checked with her doctor in Exeter. She’s in remission. She doesn’t need a transplant.”
“I told you,” said Holly. “What a witch.”
“Does David know?” asked Rose. 
“I’ll call him now, right after I talk to D.I. Barrett. There’s a lot of stuff to get sorted and today is as good a time as any.”
But before she could call anyone, the phone rang and it was her mother.


Chapter 17
The sun barely penetrated the mist drawing inland from the ocean, and Gia flipped the kitchen light switch, instantly brightening the kitchen. 
“What about that little house in the village?” asked Rose. “I bet your mum and dad would like that, seeing as how she doesn’t like to garden or anything.”
	“They want something out a bit.” Gia leaned down and with both hands rubbed Canute. He closed his eyes and raised his head while Daisy pawed Gia’s arm. “One at a time for a full massage,” she laughed, and scratched Daisy under the chin.
“They want to be out of the village, or you want them out of the village?” asked Rose. Although it was warm in the kitchen, Rose glanced outside at the swirling fog and shivered.
“Let’s put it this way. I don’t think she should be within walking distance, do you?”
“Probably not,” agreed Rose shrugging into an oversized pale blue cardigan.
	“Anyway, I know someone else that little house in the village would be good for. It’s two up and two down and has a nice little garden.” Gia turned down the radio which had been blaring 80s music.
	“Who?” asked Rose pulling a shopping list from her pocket and smoothing out the creases. 
	“Mary Newlyn.”
“I thought she didn’t want to move,” said Rose as she stuffed the list back into her pocket and slid onto a stool by the counter.
Gia gave the dogs a bone shaped biscuit each and washed her hands. “She’s considering it. As long as she can take Marmalade with her. I took her to see the house yesterday and she really liked it. Her cottage is a lot of work with that big garden.” 
“Well that’s a surprise I must say,” said Rose. “Any tea left in the pot.” 
Rose held up a blue patterned mug, reminding Gia of Mary Newlyn’s willow pattern plates. Gia had a lot to think about. There were many pieces to the puzzle and she wanted to make sure she covered everything. She especially wanted it cleared up before her mother arrived, which would be the day after tomorrow. Whether her father would be in tow, she couldn’t be sure, but she hoped so. He had a calming effect on Felicity Matthews. Gia mentally checked her list.
“Can you slice these sandwiches?” Gia pushed a butcher block cutting board toward Rose and took aluminum foil off a plate of sandwiches made from white bread, salmon paste and cucumber. “Cut the crusts off, they look better.”
“Are we having tea with the Queen?” asked Rose.
“Very funny. I’ve asked a few people to meet us at Mary’s cottage.”
“Why?”
“You’ll see,” said Gia slipping a notebook into her bag.
“Are you announcing your engagement?” Rose persisted, looking down at Gia’s bare ring finger.
“One thing at a time.”	
	“Well, I don’t know what you’re up to young lady, but I hope you know what you’re doing. If you’re going to announce your engagement, you might want to tell David to meet us there.” Rose handed Gia the phone which she took and then returned it to its cradle. 
“Fine,” said Rose. “Although I don’t know what else you could have to announce.”


	At the cottage, Mary opened the door with Marmalade suspended under her arm. His legs dangled and the cat’s claws spread out like fans. “Come on in,” said Mary as the cat squirmed and she dropped him on the rug.
“Gia made sandwiches,” said Rose.
“We’re just making a cup of tea,” Mary said, beckoning them into the living room.
Hearing sounds from the kitchen Rose turned to Gia and mouthed “Pat?”
Gia shook her head and they both turned toward the window as gravel crunched beneath the tires of a black Ford Escort. 
“You’ve invited the Inspector?” asked Rose. Her head whipped around when Susan scurried in carrying a tray of cups. “What are you doing here, Susan?”
“Gia asked me to keep Mary company until her daughter arrived.”
“Pat?” asked Rose, louder this time.
“No,” came a voice from the doorway. 
	“Sarah?” asked Rose. With her head bouncing like a bobble head doll, she glanced from Sarah to the window. 
“I arrived this morning. Gia called me,” said Sarah following Rose’s gaze and watching the inspector adjust his shirt cuffs beneath the sleeves of his tweed jacket. He sauntered toward the front door.
 “Who else did you call?” asked Rose, placing the sandwiches on a coffee table and removing the foil. 
“This is probably about it. Can you let the Inspector in, Sarah?”
“What’s all this then?” asked Detective Inspector Barrett ducking his head to avoid a collision with the low door jamb. “Is this one of those Colonel Mustard in the drawing room with a knife get togethers?”
Gia smiled. “I just thought it would be good for us to all have a chat about events.”
“And you don’t think I’ve got anything better to do than sit around and drink tea on a Tuesday afternoon?” asked the Inspector.
“It will be worth your while to stay,” said Gia handing him the plate of sandwiches. “Pass these around will you?”
The Inspector and Susan exchanged glances and Susan blushed. Rose rolled her eyes and Sarah leaned against the doorway leading to the kitchen.
“Why don’t you come and sit down, Sarah,” Rose suggested. “Gia, are you going to tell us why we’re here?”
“I think I have things figured out, but there are a few loose ends so I thought together we could —”
“Barnstorm,” Susan suggested.
“Brainstorm,” Rose corrected.
Gia shook her head. “Anyway. I found this book outside.” She took Norma’s notebook from her pocket. “I was going to invite Norma, but I think it would make her more confused. Everything we need is in here.”
There was a knock on the door and they all turned.
“Ah. This must be the murderer,” said D.I. Barrett with a chuckle. He piled four triangle shaped sandwiches on to a plate.
“No. It’s Holly.”
They listened as Holly and Sarah exchanged pleasantries and both came into the living room.
“Are you having a séance for Joe?” asked Holly.
Gia groaned. “As I was saying. I found Norma’s notebook and she writes everything down.”
“Everything?” Susan wanted to know.
“What she sees,” said Gia. “What she hears, what she does.” Gia turned to the Inspector. “Norma is Mary’s neighbor and she’s got short term memory loss.”
“What’s in that book?” Sarah stood and held out her hand.
Gia drew the book to her side. “Wait a minute. Let me go over what I’ve found.”
“So it’s not a séance?” asked Holly.
“No. Holly. It’s not a séance,” said Rose. “Let her get on with it. Sarah, sit down.”
“Because if it was, we should close the curtains,” persisted Holly.
“That Friday night when Joe died you were here weren’t you, Sarah?” asked Gia.
Sarah looked at the inspector and Gia held up the book. “It’s all in here. Norma Walker saw you.”
Sarah nodded and Mary squirmed in her chair becoming visibly smaller. Susan patted Mary’s knee.
“Mary was making peanut brittle and she used the old miner’s pick that belonged to Joe’s dad to break it up. That’s why the brittle she made for the bake sale didn’t have such clean edges. The sharp pick worked out better to break it. Isn’t that right Mary?”
Mary nodded, her eyes darted from one guest to another.
“What has that got to do with the price of bread?” asked Rose sarcastically.
“Norma can see your kitchen through her window. Sarah and her dad had been arguing and he put his hand out to take some peanut brittle and Mary brought the pick down on his hand.”
“Pat said I killed him,” Mary cried. “But he left after that. You saw him leave Sarah, he was alive then.
“And Pat must have told you she’d call the police and tell them you killed him if you didn’t sell the cottage and give her the money.” Rose said. 
Mary nodded, her face was drawn and pale.
“You didn’t kill him,” said Gia.
“Do you know who did?” asked the Inspector.
“At first I had two theories. There were four men who met regularly to play poker. Right, inspector?”
He nodded. 
“Joe Newlyn, Terry Devoran, Tony Fenten and someone from Truro,” said Gia. “And I bet they all owed him money.”
Holly opened her mouth and started to rise.
Gia held up her palm. “Norma knew who the man from Truro was. She put in here that it was the blond headed boy from the bank. I found her bank statement in with her rubbish and realized it was Stefan. She uses the bank where he works.”
“Yuk,” said Holly. “You were going through Norma’s rubbish?”
“Not on purpose. The dog had ripped open the bag,” said Gia surprised that Holly appeared unconcerned that her ex-boyfriend was mentioned.
Susan passed out cups of tea. 
“How on earth did you find all this out?” asked the Detective, then popped a stray slice of cucumber into his mouth.
“Some of it’s speculation but this filled in most of the blanks,” said Gia pointing to Norma’s notebook. I bet they all owed Joe, and Stefan had got in over his head, even though he had several money making schemes, such as credit card fraud.” She nodded toward Holly. “But I think it was someone else,” she looked at Sarah.
“I didn’t kill him,” said Sarah. “Although I wish I had years ago.” She slumped into a chair near the door.
“He abused you as a child and you got away as soon as you could, but Pat wasn’t so lucky.”
Sarah turned her head, then looked down at the red and gold patterned carpet.
“Terry Devoran isn’t the girl’s father, is he?” asked Gia.
“Yes, he is,” said Holly.
“Pat wanted him to believe that, but she was at the hospital with the girls the day of the accident,” said Gia. “I was with Tiffany and I overheard the doctor. Pat had filled out the hospital form with the girls’ blood type as O positive and she put Terry Devoran as the father. But the doctor knew Terry’s blood is AB negative, which is rare. Pat finally told the doctor who their father was.”
“No,” screamed Mary. “No. Don’t say anymore.” She stood and stumbled. The Inspector rushed over and helped her back into the chair.
“Oh, no,” said Rose. “Don’t tell me Joe’s the girls’ father.
Mary nodded, sobbing uncontrollably now.
“That was . . .” Gia paused unsure whether to continue. 
Mary was visibly upset. Sarah bit her lip, sighed deeply and tugged at the frayed knee of her jeans. This family had been wrapped up in a web of lies for years and unless it all came out, none of them would have peace. But was this such a good idea after all? thought Gia. She avoided the stares and flipped through pages of Norma’s notebook while trying to get her thoughts together. She glanced at the window wondering if she could make a run for it, but each of the group looked at her expectantly.
“Was what?” asked the inspector, jolting Gia back to her original train of thought.
She picked at the jagged cuticle on her thumb and spoke softly. “That was what the argument was about wasn’t it, Sarah?”
Sarah slid to the edge of her chair. “I couldn’t let him abuse the girls. Pat and I don’t see eye to eye, but she called me and asked for help. When I got here she was strung out on something or other and was a mess.” She leaned forward and rested her elbows on her knees. “After Mum hit him with the pick, which by the way was an accident, he stomped off outside and I followed him. Pat was about to leave, but Tony Fenten arrived. “Pat didn’t kill Joe either.”
“Norma saw him fall,” said Gia. “It was a full moon and she had a clear view from her house until the storm clouds rolled in. Norma thought it was Pat who’d pushed him, but Pat and Patrick Harris look alike from behind. No one tried to help Joe as he fell into the water, did they?”
“Tony Fenton tried to help,” said Sarah, standing.
“Then it was the rocks that made the indention in his skull.” said the Inspector. “But that wasn’t his only injury.”
“I didn’t mean to hit him with the pick,” said Mary. “I didn’t mean to.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about.” The inspector nodded as if giving himself permission to continue. “He was also stabbed.”
“No!” came a shout, but Gia couldn’t tell who had spoken.
Sarah stood and leaned against the door post. “Patrick. It must have been Patrick. He was the last one next to Joe before he fell. Patrick and Pat always got together when he was on leave from the Navy. It’s bad enough that Joe flaunted that Ruby woman, but to have her son here . . .” Sarah paused and waved her hand, leaving the sentence hanging in mid air.
“Patrick’s Ruby’s son?” asked Susan. “I thought he was her toy boy.”
As most of Susan’s questions were rhetorical, no one answered.
“That’s why Pat gave Tony another car, wasn’t it?” asked Gia. “He was here to confront Joe about the car Joe sold him and Pat gave him another one to keep him quiet.”
“Where is Pat by the way?” asked Susan.
“We’ve got her,” said the Inspector.
“But it was an accident,” said Rose. 
“We pulled her over – driving erratically” The inspector shrugged.  “Drugs were found in her car.”
“What will happen to her?” Susan asked D.I. Barrett.
“We’ll see if the Judge will give her probation if she agrees to treatment.”
“And the girls?” asked Rose.
“They’re over at Norma’s doing a few odd jobs for her,” said Mary wringing her skirt in her hands.
The Inspector nodded. “I talked with Mary about Pat giving her custody and I think she will have a good chance.”
“What about you, Sarah?” asked Gia.
“What about me?”
“Don’t you want to move back to Lowenna? Tony wanted you to come home. He’s a good guy you know, and you could help your mum with the girls.”
“You’ve got it all figured out haven’t you?” asked Sarah.
Mary was mopping her eyes and Susan inched closer and patted her arm. 
“So. What about Stefan?” Holly asked.
“He was arrested,” said the Inspector. “We caught him vandalizing another car. Him and Joe had quite a racket going on. Joe would damage the cars and talk people into getting a loan from Stefan for another one. Joe would oblige with one of the cars from his used car lot. He was also responsible for the stolen credit card numbers.”
“But Joe was dead when Holly’s car was damaged,” said Gia. “Was it Jimmy’s cousin Chris who broke Holly’s windscreen after all?”
“No,” said the Inspector. “Joe’s son took over his little operation.”
“He doesn’t have a son, does he?” asked Susan. 
“What about the plaque?” asked Rose ignoring Susan’s question. “Was it Pat who stole the World War II plaque?” 
“Yes,” said the Inspector. “Her brother helped her. They were selling scrap metal to buy drugs.”
 “What about Joe’s son?” persisted Susan, glancing at Mary from the corner of her eye.
Gia looked at Mary and nodded. Susan patted Mary’s knee.
“Too many secrets,” said Mary, her voice catching in her throat. She let out a long sigh and stared at Marmalade curled in a crescent shape on the hearth.
“You’re with friends, Mary.” Rose gave her a weak smile.
“Might as well get it all out now.” Mary scooped up the cat and returned to her seat. While Marmalade settled in her lap, she gently stroked his back. “I didn’t know what Joe had been doing. Truly I didn’t,” Mary turned to Sarah.
“I know, Mum,” Sarah said. “He was pretty good at keeping me scared enough not to tell you anything.” 
Gia remembered all the bruises she had seen on Mary’s wrists this past year. He had kept all the women in his family quiet with emotional and physical abuse.
“Pat isn’t my daughter,” said Mary, clutching Marmalade to her. The cat struggled and jumped on to the hearth. “Ruby Harris had twins.”
They all looked at Sarah whose face showed the shock she was feeling. “I thought Pat was my cousin.”
“You knew she wasn’t your sister?” asked Holly, picking up the plate and pushing Marmalade away from the salmon paste sandwiches.
“I wasn’t very old when they brought her home,” said Sarah. “I was told my uncle had died and Pat was going to live with us. They always called her my sister.”
“Joe,” Mary continued, “told me the same story, but when Ruby moved to Lowenna it was obvious Pat and Ruby’s son, Patrick, looked exactly alike.”
“Why would she give up her child?” asked Holly.
“All about control,” said Gia. “He made sure that Ruby was going to hang around. She probably saw it as a good solution, rather than trying to raise two babies on her own. She told me Joe had been promising her for years that he would marry her. I expect Ruby thought it was a temporary arrangement.” 
“You think after twenty years or so she would have figured out he wasn’t going to marry her,” said Holly.
Gia nodded. “She didn’t seem to have any other prospects though. And who knows what he threatened her with. He seemed to know how to get people to do his bidding.”
“Joe won’t be doing any more damage,” said Rose, “but he sure has left behind a wave of unrest.”
“I doubt we can prove that Patrick stabbed Mr. Newlyn,” said the Inspector. “And we still don’t know if he actually drowned or the wound killed him. The M.E.’s office runs pretty slow these days.” He held out his hand and Gia gave him Norma’s notebook. “I can put in a good word for you regarding the girls if you like Mrs. Newlyn.”
“Won’t Ruby want to try and get custody?” asked Mary. “They’re not my grandchildren.”
“I doubt it,” said Gia. “But let’s cross that bridge when we come to it.” 
“Sarah, can you make us another cup of tea? I think we’re all parched now,” said Rose. 
“I’ve got to get going,” said Holly, standing. “Brian’s taking me out tonight.”
“My cousin Brian?” asked Gia raising her brow.
Holly shrugged. “Don’t read anything into it.”
“Gia,” said Rose. “You did a good job sorting everything out. Now how about I call David and you get that sorted too?”
Gia dangled the ring from her necklace and nodded.


Chapter 18
“What will happen to Mary?” asked David, slipping his arm around Gia’s shoulders.
 “Nothing. She didn’t kill him.” Gia put down the local newspaper and wondered if Holly had seen her ex-boyfriend’s picture on the front page. “The report said there was water in Joe’s lungs so that means he was still alive when he fell into the water.” She sank deep into the faux suede couch and snuggled up to David.
“What about Pat?” David asked pulling her close.
“Pat wanted Mary to believe she had killed Joe so that Pat could blackmail her. Mary is going to keep Abbie and Kylie. Sarah is moving back and Pat’s going to a clinic for help.”
“Did Mary know Joe was the girls’ father?” asked David.
“Not until recently. Pat was going out with Terry Devoran at the time and Pat let Mary believe he was the father. She let Terry believe that too. Maybe she even convinced herself.”
David pulled Gia a little closer. “Tiffany left,” he said.
 “She wanted you,” Gia turned her head toward him studying his facial expression.
He shrugged. “Well, she can’t have me.” He looped the chain from her neck around his finger. The diamond ring dangled from the necklace. “Can she?”
Gia smiled. “No. She can’t”
“Well then . . .” He gently opened the clasp and slid the ring into the palm of his hand and knelt in front of her. “Gia Matthews will you marry me?”  
“Now?”
“Now is as good a time as any to say yes.” He slid the ring on to her finger and held it there as if he wanted to make sure she wasn’t going to remove it.
Tears welled in Gia’s eyes and they both ignored a tap on the window. 
“Why are you crying?” asked David.
She sobbed as the knocking on the window became more pronounced.
	“Gia?” David asked with concern.
“I’m happy that’s all. Nothing can spoil things for us now. Can it?”
“What is that noise?” asked David rising to his feet.
	“My mother!” said Gia with a frown.
“I didn’t hear the phone ring.”
Gia’s shoulders slumped and David followed her gaze to the window and the face of Felicity Matthews.

THE END

About Lowenna
Although Lowenna is a fictional Cornish village, many of the descriptions in High Tide are derived from St. Agnes, Trevaunance Cove and Perranporth. The south western tip of England has a rugged coastline and many quaint fishing villages where you may just come across a few characters not unlike those in Lowenna.
 
Author Notes
When I first moved to Texas I was shopping in Sears department store and the sales clerk asked where I was from. When I told her I had moved from England, she sighed and said she had travelled extensively, but not to other countries because she was concerned with not knowing other languages. She then asked what language they spoke in England. I looked at her for what seemed a full minute, trying to judge if she was joking. She wasn’t. 
But English, whether written or spoken, can be different, which became even more evident when I started writing my first novel, A Graceful Death.
As the Lowenna series is based in Cornwall, I wrote it with all the English phrases using words like car park instead of parking lot, windscreen wipers instead of windshield, lorry instead of truck, torch instead of flashlight – you get the picture. It was when I began to read in front of a critique group that I realized many of the English words and phrases were completely baffling the listeners. I decided to write for an American audience and what resulted was a mixture of English and American English. Hopefully, my English readers won’t be too critical and my American readers will be able to read the story without stopping to try and understand what a bin man (trash collector) or bonnet (car hood) is. Any uncommon words to the American ear that I used, I described or elaborated upon. The word grey was replaced with gray (except Earl Grey tea) and towards was replaced with toward. 
Then there’s the punctuation. Again, I used American punctuation. What’s the difference you may ask? In England single quote marks are used and the full stop (period) comes after the quote mark. 
And the young sales girl? After explaining they spoke English in England, she then divulged all the places she had travelled to: East Texas, West Texas and South Texas. Where, apparently, they all spoke English.
Acknowledgements
As always, a big thank you to:

My children, Cheryl and Nathan and son-in-law, Jeff who offer limitless encouragement and support.

And also:
My book club friends Cara, Jodi, Maria and Rebekah who are always willing to choose one of my novels for our monthly read.

Friends at Trinity Writers’ Workshop who offer invaluable critique and suggestions.

Sherry Hicks of www.theshantygirl.blogspot.com for help with final edits. 

ALSO BY ANN SUMMERVILLE

A Graceful Death
(No. 1 in the Lowenna Series)
Giovanna Matthews has an acceptable life in London with her own flat, a good job, and recent engagement to the son of a Scottish landowner.  But not long after her engagement to Alan, news of Aunt Grace’s death hits her like a red double decker bus.  Ignoring his pleas to stay, she bundles her dog and suitcase into a rusty Volkswagen and drives to her aunt’s cottage on the Cornish coast.  Although her intent is to take care of Aunt Grace’s affairs and leave the village quickly, she is persuaded to join the local knitting circle and rekindles old friendships.  Further complicating her decision to leave Lowenna is her attraction to David, a childhood friend.  Although the villagers are closed mouthed about her aunt’s demise it soon becomes clear to Giovanna that not only is her aunt’s death no accident but there is a family secret involving her missing cousin.


High Tide
(No. 2 in the Lowenna Series)
Giovanna Matthews settles happily into the English West Country village of Lowenna, but a storm is about to rock her world. Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle, a body drifts in with a high tide. Unconvinced the death is an accident, Gia leaves no pebble unturned while sleuthing her way around the village. Her delving further disrupts village life much to the distress of many villagers who want every rock to stay firmly in place. Meanwhile, her boyfriend, David, has an unwelcome visitor who threatens to unravel the bonds that tie him and Gia. Can Gia solve the mystery and encourage the visitor to leave before her anchor in the village is uprooted and she too is cast out to sea?

Gwinnel Gardens
(No. 3 in the Lowenna Series)
It wasn’t unusual for retirees in Lowenna to succumb to death during the winter months in Lowenna, but while Gia and her friend, Holly worked on restoring the overgrown Gwinnel Gardens, they noticed that there were an increasing number of services at the crematorium in the valley. After hearing the President of Gwinnel Gardens had died unexpectedly, Gia dug in her heels and decided to investigate. After all this was a great way to avoid plans for her upcoming wedding which everyone seemed to have an idea of what she should wear. But unless she found out quickly who was behind the sudden deaths, would someone close to Gia be the next victim?


Trouble at the Manor
(No. 4 in the Lowenna Series)
In the quiet village of Lowenna on the west coast of England, a local police constable patrolling the harbor area finds a body covered in foam. Gia is the first to identify the victim who is from a small hamlet on a manor estate which is being pursued by investors. Gia has suspicions that the two events are connected, but while she investigates the murder, she also has deal with something more personal, something that may unhinge her marriage.


Grandmother’s Flower Garden
(No. 1 in the Pecan Valley Series)
When Bea first arrives in Pecan Valley she’s accompanied by thunder and lightning, and she tells herself the storm will pass. She also tries to convince herself that she’s taking an early retirement, looking for a quiet place to work on her quilts, putter around in her new garden. But returning to the place where the event happened thirty years ago sparks a longing to find out what took place after Bea left Pecan Valley. Although the clouds have now dissipated, another storm is hovering over her new home and when someone is murdered, she has second thoughts about moving to a small Texas town.     

Birds in the Air
(No. 2 in the Pecan Valley Series)
In the second Pecan Valley Mystery, Biddie's niece is missing and Bea tries to comfort her friend. After all, many people who are learning to fly take opportunities to rack up their airborn miles, she assures her. But as time goes on Bea herself becomes worried that Rina may have been kidnapped and when news breaks that there is an escaped convict in the area they all fear for Rina. Never one to shy away from a mystery, Bea gathers up her friends and together they search Pecan Valley for clues.


Storms & Secrets
In search of her husband, Heather reluctantly travels from London to his Texas home town where she is vocal about her dislike of snakes, spiders, and cowboys.  She vows to spend no more than two weeks away from her city apartment but finds a slew of secrets swirling like a Texas tornado. While her husband keeps his emotional distance, and she tries to maintain her British reserve, Heather is nevertheless intrigued by the friendliness of Fort Worth locals. Despite developing friendships, Heather struggles to find out what illness her mother-in-law is suffering from, how a neighbor fits into her husband’s past and why a vagrant sits across the street each day staring at the house. One by one, Heather uncovers the mysteries surrounding her husband’s family. Can her marriage be saved, and will her new Texas friends entice Heather to share their love for the Lone Star State? 


The Berton Hotel
At the end of the millennium, Lily found herself driving toward a small Texas town where her great grandmother had disappeared over fifty years ago. Expecting to escape from yet another relationship in California that hadn’t ended well, the first person she meets is a charming Texan with brown eyes and blond hair. While trying to avoid anything that might resemble a romantic encounter, Lily gets to know the citizens of Crystal Wells and uncovers a lot more than her great grandmother’s disappearance in 1935. A mystery buried deeper than one of the local wells may bring to light more secrets than Lily has bargained for.


Children’s Books
by Ann Summerville

A Home for Sam
Sam didn't like cats but his dad had taught him to love everyone, even when they weren't nice to him. So when a cat fell from a tree, Sam went to rescue her and through his kindness found what he'd always wanted - a home.


Daisy’s Lost Brother
Daisy loved her family and always helped her mom and dad. But Daisy’s brother was lazy. He wouldn’t help his family collect nuts for the winter or keep their nest clean. But one day Tim left home and Daisy wondered how her mom and dad could still love him.

Ann Summerville was born in England, and in search of a warmer climate, moved to California before settling in Texas. Her short stories and flash fiction have been published in Chicken Soup for the Soul, The Lutheran Digest, Long Story Short, The Shine Journal, Doorknobs & Bodypaint, Associated Content, Trinity Writer’s Workshop newsletters and also their collection of Christmas stories. 

Web Site: www.annsummerville.com
Blog: www.cozyintexas.blogspot.com
E-Mail: cozyintexas@yahoo.com
