

Mark, There’s A Beagle In My Bedroom!



By Michael Ciardi



Fiction



Published by Lunar Prose Books



Lunarprose@gmail.com



In E-Book Form


Cover Design by Joleene Naylor



At Smashwords



Copyright 2014 Michael Ciardi



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1


When Kip Hinkle was just a kid, finding an upgrade meant nothing more than pedaling up a hill on his bicycle. But he wasn’t nearly as gullible or gung-ho nowadays. Kip had already plucked enough grizzled hairs from his scalp to realize that most adults were as disposable as soiled diapers. His induction into this sobering realm of shame occurred on the day before his fifteenth wedding anniversary. He long considered his wife, Peg, a top-drawer centerpiece in the bureau of womanhood. Why she ever accepted a marriage proposal from a dull furniture salesman with a bedpost’s physique and receding hairline startled her family as much as it did his own. But Kip’s shadow of inferiority faded over time because Peg assured him that he was the only man in town who ever made her laugh hysterically enough to trigger incontinence.
“You’re a real pisser,” she often told him.
Kip took it as a compliment.
As it stood on the afternoon in question, Kip arranged to leave his job early at Bed Mania in order to surprise Peg at home. She rarely expected him to arrive before six on any given weekday, particularly on a Friday. He anticipated her delight after ambling into the house with a spray of supermarket roses in tow. Peg usually welcomed such cliché romantic miens, although he produced them far less frequently than she preferred. Nevertheless, he still had time to amend for the venial complacencies that tarnished every chivalrous knight’s armor on occasion. Or at least that’s how he rationalized his lackluster behavior until this moment. A rhythmic noise emanating from the master bedroom, however, put a sizable chink in Sir Kip’s courtly gesture.
Kip remembered his father telling him that old houses typically settled, and this notion consequently explained the creaking sounds in his childhood bedroom’s floorboards every night until he left for college. Of course, the elder Hinkle’s expertise in carpentry only went as far as Kip’s former address. Since Kip presently lived in a townhouse no more than five years old, his father’s theory on wood expansion took on an entirely different meaning.
Kip peddled quite a few mattresses in his forty-plus years, and this loomed as a reminder that they’re primarily bought for two activities. Peg never slept when the sun was shining, and the last cloud spotted overhead was three days ago. Certain scenarios in life seemed too surreal, and while Kip slumped in the foyer of his house listening to his wife chortle with more rapture than a pack of scavenging hyenas, he surmised that she was already making efficient use of her afternoon off from work. Kip dropped the roses on the flagstone and waited for the bed’s frame to stop squeaking.
Men never really knew how to cope with such a situation until it actually happened. Some might’ve envisioned a spiteful feat where they singlehandedly ousted the adulterer and her lover in a harangue of justifiable rage. But the truth was decidedly less dramatic. As Kip plodded the steps leading up toward the master bedroom, he realized that his next act was a crapshoot of the mind. Before inching down the corridor, he heard the bathroom’s shower beating alternately against skin and porcelain. This in itself served as an irrefutable marker of his wife’s post-carnal habits; she always rinsed off immediately after sex, almost as if she was purging herself from the musky deed.    Until today, Kip could’ve lived with that sort of quirkiness from a woman.
But, as it was with most scorned partners, Kip couldn’t overlook the handiwork of another man filling in for him at home while he was at work. He thought about barging into the room and slinging incendiary insults, but not at the risk of fueling an already combustible atmosphere. Instead, he peeled open the door as if descending into the pages of a nightmarish book, peering with both contempt and curiosity at the unclothed antagonist in his bed.
Because Peg still washed off the residue of lust in the adjacent bathroom, she was unaware of her husband’s untimely intrusion. Her lover, who Kip mercifully didn’t recognize, was not more than twenty-two, with a hairless, muscled chest and cocksure grin puffing out his flushed cheeks. His smile lasted no more than a nanosecond after he noticed Kip leering at him. Rather than scold him for this violation of human decency, Kip simply placed his index finger across his lips and motioned for the young man to remove his ass from his bed as unobtrusively as possible. The boy obliged, and promptly gathered his crumpled brown uniform and shoes from the floor.
“I…I didn’t know she was married,” he groveled. Perhaps this was the only sensible response he could’ve manufactured under the circumstances.
“Her wedding ring didn’t give you a clue?” Kip asked.
“What ring? I didn’t see any ring on her finger.”
Kip didn’t bother to launch into a prolonged interrogation. He already shifted his scrutiny to the uniform crumpled in the liar’s hands.  “You work for U.P.S.,” Kip said. “You’ve delivered packages to this address before today. Am I right?”
“Yeah, I guess once or twice.”
“Front door or back?”
“What’s the difference?”
“Recovery time. Consider this your last C.O.D. to my wife. Understood?”
“But I didn’t bring her a C.O.D.”
“Then what are you doing with your pants off?”
The boy nodded his chin like an obedient pup and streaked down the corridor as if his bare ass was set aflame. Kip centered his attention toward the bed, and decided that he wanted to furnish Peg with a surprise of his own after all. Luckily, his wife took long showers. Apparently, deceit didn’t scrub off easily. When the water from the bathroom finally dribbled to a halt, Kip substituted himself as Peg’s buff lover beneath the sheets of their bed.
“Get ready for round two, big boy,” she cooed from the bathroom. Lately, Kip hadn’t heard such a bouncy timbre spring from Peg’s voice unless it had dollar signs affixed to the end of it. She emerged from the shower’s mist with all the natural splendor of Eve frolicking through Eden’s verdure. The temptress’s blonde hair fell in damp strands at her shoulders, and her skin looked as pink as an albino rat’s nose as she postured in the archway. After she glanced at exactly who greeted her in bed, however, it seemed as if she had munched a bit too far into the worm of the proverbial Apple.
“Hi, honey. I’m home,” Kip said.
He didn’t need to say anything else. Peg Hinkle, the woman he adored and remained faithful to for the better portion of his adult life, had already found her upgrade.


Chapter 2


Lawyers represented the only segment of society who greedily anticipated divorce, unless it happened to be their own. Kip disobeyed the cardinal rule in the book of courtship: never marry a woman who studied law or associated with anyone remotely connected to the profession. Peg was a paralegal, which by extension afforded her free, unlimited access to the most pernicious attorneys in New Jersey. As many victims ultimately discovered in the aftermath of their botched marriages, adultery wasn’t a violation of the law in the Garden State.
“Are you telling me that she could cheat on me as many times as she wanted without any legal consequences?” This was a question Kip volleyed to several lawyers over a span of three months. The answer was unvaryingly similar.
“She could screw an entire football team on the hood of her car right in your driveway while the priest who married you supervised, and it still wouldn’t matter to a judge in court,” one lawyer said.
“The whole team?” Kip cringed at the idea.
“Even the punter,” the lawyer replied. “And you could throw in the priest for good measure.”
Reconciliation was never truly an option, although Peg briefly entertained the possibility that therapy may have delayed the inevitable. Kip even agreed to sign up for a session or two, but that imploded when he discovered the absurd number of lovers Peg had tallied over the past few years. Mr. U.P.S. was merely a footnote in her volume of extramarital escapades.
“At least that explains all those showers,” a deductive co-worker said. “Look on the bright side, your water bill is gonna be a hell of a lot cheaper.”
Maybe she’s a sex addict? Kip grappled with Peg’s insatiable hunger for, as he determined, anything unrelated to him. Since children weren’t part of the financial equation, the bureaucratic barracudas chewed their pound of flesh from superficial wounds. In the end, Peg departed with a sizable payoff, and Kip kept the house and whatever little dignity he had left.
Bachelorhood’s luster oxidized well before a man surpassed the age of forty, and Kip spent countless nights alone readjusting to the doldrums of divorce. He thought about dating, if nothing more than to distract himself from his present depression, but it never seemed like the right time to mingle. In other words, no single women worth the price of dinner and a movie paid much attention to him. After a shortage of income became more than just another inconvenience, Kip confronted an obstacle that he couldn’t hurdle alone. He needed a roommate.
“I swear by the Internet,” said Ben Baylock, the store manager at Bed Mania. “There’s always people looking for a room to rent.” What Baylock neglected to convey to Kip was that he had experienced a few deadbeats in his stint as an apartment manager. Baylock’s left eye was gouged from its socket in a scuffle over a rent check; he now wore a patch over that eye and often role-played as a pirate.
“Aren’t there a lot of crazy people on the computer?” Kip sounded dreadfully naïve asking such a question, but it was designed as a confirmation more so than a genuine query.
“Aye,” Baylock said in his unpatented Long John Silver impersonation. “A bevy of scallywags await ye, matey.”
“Talk normal, Ben.”
Baylock looked deflated. “People suck in general, Kip. And renters suck just a little bit harder. But whether you find someone on the computer or not, half the people you meet will have something wrong with them.”
Although Baylock dispensed practical advice less frequently than a politician on Xanax, Kip elected to at least conduct a preliminary search on his PC. His ad was artless and matter-of-fact:  ‘Roommate Wanted: clean, drug-free, no pets, male or female.’ Fourteen people inquired in two days. Two of them were gainfully employed; the others were in the midst of “finding themselves.” After a dizzying exchange of phone-tag, Kip arranged an interview with one of the two prospects at his townhouse. Jeff Crowley sounded like a suitable fit over the phone.
Jeff showed up forty minutes late in a taxi. Apparently, his car had crapped out on him the night before. If he had access to a shower or bar of soap, he kept them secret. Obviously, he never adhered to the tenet of first impressions. His arrival in tattered jeans and reeking like a spoiled slice of meatloaf didn’t exactly set an encouraging tone. Naturally, Kip was confused by this bohemian’s disposition.
“I thought you said you worked on Wall Street?” Kip asked.
“No, bro,” Jeff said. “I said I work on a street next to the mall.”
“My mistake.”
“So do you have party chicks hang out and shit like that?”
“Party chicks?”
“Yeah. It’s cool if we all hang and bang, right?”
“Uh, I’m a little beyond the party chick phase, Jeff. Besides, I think I’d attract more hens than chicks at my age. And the only thing I bang nowadays is my head against the wall whenever I think about my life. I was married for fifteen years. I’m looking for someone who’s already flown the coop, so to speak.”
“That’s kosher,” Jeff said. “Babes drive you crazy, right? You know, I work about fifteen hours a week at the Sunglass Shoppe. Just got me a bad ass raise, too.”
“Fifteen hours? That’s only part-time. You told me on the phone that you worked fulltime.”
Jeff snorted and wiped a line of stringy snot away from his nose. “Well, I’m takin’ what they’re givin’. Ain’t we all? Nowadays, fifteen hours is like fulltime.”
By this point, Kip was flagging down the cab before it sped away. He suddenly felt obligated to pay Jeff’s fare back from wherever he came from. The first interview ended there. Kip was down to his last option.


Chapter 3


Kip attended church services less regularly than Lucifer with a hangover, and he couldn’t even recall the last time he uttered a heartfelt prayer. But for lack of a more secular term, he equated his correspondence with Mark Flyer as a godsend. On paper, Mark had the credentials that instigated bidding duels between landlords. He worked at the same job for over ten years, earned a culinary degree, didn’t smoke or drink, and despised loud music. In person, he looked like a three-dimensional GQ cutout, tailored and groomed in a fashion that belied his profession. Even his shoes were polished so that they glistened like wet asphalt. Kip needed only one glance at the togged up fellow before concluding that Mark was the ideal candidate for sharing his home.
“You sure dress spiffy for a chef,” Kip said, welcoming Mark with an intentionally firm handshake. Mark paced through the motions of this formality before giving Kip a sealed envelope that he had folded in his tweed overcoat. “What’s this?”
“First month’s rent, plus security. Cash.”
“You didn’t even look at the place yet. How do you know you’ll like it?”
Mark stepped a few feet back from the townhouse’s façade and took a mental snapshot of the premises with his bullet gray eyes. “I’m not too fussy,” he said.
“But I am,” Kip said. “It’s pretty quiet around here, and I intend to keep it that way. Don’t take this the wrong way, but you look like the type of guy who owns real estate, not someone who rents it.”
“I hear that a lot. Thanks, though.”
Kip found himself testing the envelope’s weight between his hands; pretending to be impartial with Mark’s method of introduction did not come without effort. Nothing else about him was either extraordinarily good or bad, but the normalness of his gestures softened Kip’s reservations about renters. Halfway through the initial tour of the townhouse, Kip paused and observed Mark’s chiseled face with a certain reverie.
“You look sort of familiar,” Kip said. “But I can’t place your face.”
“A lot of people say I resemble that detective on Magnum, P.I.—you know, that old T.V. show.”
It must’ve been the shaggy brown hair and 70ish-styled mustache, which clung to Mark’s upper lip like a monkey’s finger. “Tom Selleck,” Kip thought. “Maybe. I can see that. Are you sure you haven’t been in this part of town before?”
“Positive. First time here.”
“Maybe I saw you at Bed Mania. Ever been there?”
“Nope. I don’t shop much.”
Maybe Mark was a tad more furtive than Kip would’ve preferred, but he paid in cash, and Kip wasn’t in the best position to get finicky at this juncture.
“Look, I’m going to be honest with you, Mark. I’ve never rented to anyone before. My wife and I split up about six months ago, so the extra money would sure help me out. I just don’t want to get stuck with somebody who won’t follow my house rules.”
“No drugs or pets,” Mark said. “I read your ad at least twice.”
“And you’re okay with everything else?”
“You won’t even know I’m here half the time. I know what it’s like to go through a divorce. It’s a big club and its membership is getting bigger every day.”
“Well, I guess we can give this a shot and see how it works out,” Kip mused. He extended his hand again, only this time his grip wasn’t nearly as rigid.
The transition of cohabitating with a virtual stranger proved to be less of a burden than Kip expected. Mark moved into Kip’s townhouse within two days of their initial meeting; no one in the neighborhood even furrowed an eyebrow. After all, Mark arrived without excess baggage, literally and figuratively. He even cooked dinner for Kip on the first night without any apparent hope of reciprocation.
Three days went by and Kip hadn’t exposed a single flaw in Mark’s character. They still didn’t discuss a lease or anything on paper to legitimize their arrangement. One late afternoon, before Mark left for work, Kip felt obligated to relay his gratitude toward his home’s newest occupant. They crossed paths in the driveway.
“This might seem a little premature,” Kip said, “but thanks.”
Mark fumbled for his car keys before saying, “For what?”
“Well, I’ve heard a lot of freaky stories about renting to strangers. I guess you never really know what to expect from people nowadays. But you seem pretty normal. I mean that in a good way.”
“I just keep busy and try to stay out of trouble. Nothing fancy.”
“I wish my ex followed your approach. Anyways, I think this is working out pretty good so far.”
Mark offered Kip a reassuring nod and then donned his mirrored sunglasses, which seemed curiously superfluous for such a cloudy day. Before getting into his pickup truck, Mark called back to Kip, “Hey, there’s some extra stew in the fridge. Feel free to treat yourself. See you later.”


Chapter 4


At first glance, gazing at perfection and rainbows had quite a bit in common. Each was pleasurable to observe in short intervals, but prudent-minded viewers eventually realized that they’re both merely optical illusions. Before the end of the fourth day of Mark’s arrival, Kip’s presumed pot of gold revealed its first hints of corrosion.
Occasionally, Bed Mania advertised mattresses and other furnishings at prices that kept the store open until after 10 P.M. During these “Super Sale (Spelled “Sail”)” events, Kip worked until closing. As usual, he wasn’t expecting anyone to be home when he entered his townhouse at quarter past the hour. This time, however, he was only half right.
After flicking on the light switch in the foyer, Kip noticed that Mark’s windbreaker was draped over the staircase’s banister. Since it was still a bit chilly outside, he assumed that Mark had the night off. Calling out his name a few times didn’t solve the riddle though. Maybe Mark had either forgotten his jacket or fallen asleep. Either way, Kip logged enough hours at the store and was ready for some shuteye himself. At the top of the staircase, he detected a sliver of light cutting beneath the half-open bedroom door. Because he distinctly remembered shutting this door before he left that morning, Kip stepped cautiously toward the room.
Kip kept reassuring himself: it couldn’t be an intruder, not in this nearly crimeless community. A more likely explanation was that he simply forgot to turn the light off and a cross breeze nudged open the door. He didn’t see any advantage in leaping to any farfetched hypothesis of robbery. But after Kip paced into the bedroom and stared at the center of his bed, he wished he hadn’t been so optimistic in his presumption.
Squatting on its hind legs in the middle of the mattress, a medium-sized beagle eyeballed Kip as if he had every right to lounge exactly where he pleased. For its breed, the dog was commonplace in appearance: tricolored in black, tan, and white fur. Its gumdrop nose was probably too large for its muzzle, and it’s ears a bit floppier than normal. The dog also displayed one triangular tooth that stuck out from its bottom jaw. He wagged a white-tipped tail like a sign of truce, but Kip still wasn’t having any altruistic thoughts about pet sitting.
“How the heck did you get in here?” Kip questioned the dog. If he expected a curt reply from the pedigree, he didn’t get one. Kip tried to shoo the dog from his bed, but the beagle seemed rather obstinate for an unannounced visitor. He wasn’t budging, and Kip didn’t wish to scuffle with a stray hound with a sense of entitlement. Obviously, Mark hadn’t been as forthright as Kip presumed. Before he determined what action to take next, Kip heard the front door opening. From this point, he’d let Mark propose the solution to this glitch in their agreement.
Kip greeted Mark at the top of the stairs in an obvious state of bewilderment. After all, his tenant cradled a bag of dog food under his arm and appeared oblivious to their previous discussion in regard to keeping pets in the townhouse. A tongue full of punitive words sputtered between Kip’s lips in these seconds, but he only managed to blurt out a single statement in exasperation.
“Mark, there’s a beagle in my bedroom!”
“Oh, he must’ve gotten out of my room. Sorry about that.”
“Your room? You mean my room, right? This is my house. We talked about you not bringing any pets in here. Don’t you remember?”
Mark looked humbled by the inquiry. “I remember. But that dog isn’t mine.”
Kip’s nostrils flared like a bull being goaded by a matador, as they often did when he was confronted by an illogical argument. “Well, he sure the hell isn’t mine. If he’s not yours, where did he come from?”
“Don’t worry, Kip, I’ll explain everything.”
“Please do.”
Kip needed a few minutes to process this situation, and he even rechecked the beagle’s whereabouts to ensure that this wasn’t a prank. Eventually, he found himself on the couch downstairs engaged in deep breathing exercises to induce tolerance. Mark, still toting the bag of dog food, joined him. He remained as sturdy as a steel pier as he relayed the details of his canine encounter to Kip.
“So I was on my way home late this afternoon, and I saw that dog running around aimlessly in the road. I thought it was gonna get hit by a car or something.”
“Did the dog have a collar?”
“Nope. No tags or collar. I decided to bring him here. What else could I do?”
“How about calling the animal warden? They pick up strays.”
“I figured I’d do that tomorrow. This is probably some neighbor’s pet. I didn’t think you’d mind if we kept him here for one night.”
At the risk of being branded insensitive, Kip raised his eyes brows. “You could’ve called me at the store, y’know. At least I wouldn’t have been shocked to find a dog on my bed when I came home.”
“You’re right. I should’ve at least done that. I must’ve lost track of time.”
“Are you usually prone to doing these sort of things?”
“Nah. This is a first. I just got a flashback to when I was a kid. Honestly, I had a dog that looked a lot like that beagle. It got loose from its leash one day and challenged a garbage truck to a joust. The truck won.”
If conjuring sympathy was Mark’s concoction of choice, it worked better than a sorcerer’s charm. Inherently, Kip was about as fierce as a wingless hummingbird; Mark skillfully exposed this telltale characteristic. His pouting eyes and puckered bottom lip only served to enhance his chances of manipulating his new landlord.
“Don’t make me feel guilty about this,” Kip said. “Come first thing in the morning, I want you to take that dog to the shelter downtown. Understand?”
Mark’s frown dissolved faster than an aspirin in hot water. “Sounds fair,” he agreed.
“But you’ll have to get him out of my room right now. He can stay in the spare bathroom.”
“I knew you’d show a little compassion, Kip. Thanks.”
Kip didn’t believe he merited any badge of praise. However, he now wondered what other surprises his tenant had stockpiled at his disposal. The conversation might’ve ended there, but Mark had another question lingering like an aftertaste to his token victory.
“Hey, you never did tell me why you don’t like any pets around?”
“I don’t have time to take care of an animal,” Kip insisted. “Not even a fish.”
“Keep an open mind. Dogs make good companions, especially after a divorce. And unlike a wife, they never expect more than a bowl of food and a pat on the head.”
Kip grinned at that shot of wisdom, but it wasn’t nearly cogent enough to alter his opinion on the matter. “Just make sure the dog’s out of here in the morning, Mark. It’s been a long day. I’m tired and going to bed now.”
Before Kip finished brushing his teeth, Mark coaxed the beagle out of the master bedroom with the open bag of dog food serving as his lure. If this was the worst thing that ever happened between his boarder and him, Kip could’ve rolled with it. After all, it wasn’t too much of an inconvenience to lodge a dog in his house for one night. What could possibly go wrong? At 3:00 A.M., Kip found out.


Chapter 5


Oftentimes the state of dreams was a kinder respite than reality. Kip flipped over four times in his sleep before he realized that a harried knock on his bedroom door was not Publishers Clearing House announcing him as their next million-dollar recipient. On the other side of his door, Mark stood anxiously with his cellphone shaking in his fist. A band of sweat dribbled over the man’s brow and soggy mustache. Once awakened by the commotion, Kip sprang from his mattress as if the coils within its casing propelled him to the floor.
“Is there a fire or something? What’s going on?” Kip exclaimed as he flung the door open. He instinctually glanced at the smoke alarm housed in the corridor’s ceiling.
Mark gestured to his phone. “Relax. There’s no fire, but I got some bad news. My mother just called. An ambulance took my father to a hospital in Bethlehem about an hour ago. He’s having chest pains. ”
“Bethlehem?”
“Yeah, in Pennsylvania.”
Kip didn’t know why Mark felt obligated to awaken him up in the middle of the night with such a dire report, but he couldn’t very well vent about this discourtesy without seeming cruel. He rubbed his eyes and waited for Mark to elaborate.
“I gotta leave right now. It’s about a two-hour drive from here.”
Kip rubbed flecks of sleep from his eyes before saying, “Fine. I understand. You didn’t need to tell me, though. I hope your father is okay.”
“Me, too. Believe me, normally I wouldn’t have woken you up, but there’s still the matter of the dog. He’s sleeping in the bathroom.”
“Oh, I almost forgot about that.”
“I’m not gonna be able to bring him to the shelter this morning.”
“Don’t worry about it, Mark. I’ll drop him off on my way to work. Just go to your parents. That’s more important right now.”
Mark looked relieved and the perspiration had already dried from his face.
“You’re a nice guy, Kip. I could sense that about you right away.”
“Yep,” Kip huffed. “That’s me in a nutshell—Mr. Nice Guy.”
“I’ll be back in town tonight if everything checks out alright. Just call me if you have any problems with the dog.”
“I can handle it,” Kip said. “He doesn’t look too fierce to me.”
Mark didn’t linger around long enough for Kip to renege his offer. Before he even paced back to his bed, he heard Mark’s Jeep pulling out of the driveway. Maybe he’d be able to force himself to return to his dream of living in a luxurious home with a model-caliber wife fawning over him. Some guys, especially the good ones, rarely unearthed trouble until it became embedded in their character.
As slivers of sunlight creased through his bedroom’s vertical blind, Kip heard another sound that prompted him to fold a pillow over the top of his head. His downy helmet didn’t muffle the noise, however, and he finally had to forfeit any hope of being adequately rested for the forthcoming day. This time, a paw scratched repetitively against a vinyl door. A sleuth wasn’t required to deduce the source of this racket. The beagle was ready to start his daily routine.
This disturbance refreshed Kip’s memory on why he shunned the whole institution of pet ownership. In the past, every time his ex-wife broached the issue of adopting a kitten or puppy, he subverted the topic by splurging on dinner or buying her a new pair of shoes. As a result, the only thing that thinned faster than Kip’s hair was his bank account, but at least it didn’t bark and piss on the furniture. Despite his reservations, he had already committed himself to playing caretaker to his four-legged guest for at least the remainder of this morning. 
Upon opening the bathroom door, the beagle’s nose needled through the crevice. It sniffed the hallway’s carpet like a prototypical hound dog. The dog then looked up at Kip with mild, brown eyes; its tail twitched like a pointer on a gasoline gauge as Kip knelt down and patted its head.
“You’re probably making some family really sad right now, you know that?” Kip said.
For as long as human beings had domesticated animals, they no doubt talked to them as if their pets understood all questions verbatim. No one ever really expected a dog to supply more than a perfunctory yap or growl to even the most basic commands forwarded from its owner’s mouth. But on this occasion, Kip was about to discover that the ordinary rules governing the lines of communication between canines and their masters no longer applied.
As Kip directed the dog along the corridor, the beagle suddenly stopped and sat in the center of the rug. It didn’t appear too keen on following Kip a paw print farther.
“C’mon, boy,” Kip said. “You got to do your business outside.”
“No thanks,” the beagle answered in plain English. “I already used the bathroom. I slept next to the toilet, remember?”
Kip’s chance to respond didn’t come immediately. Instead, he just fainted on the floor.


Chapter 6


Common scientific knowledge dictated that dogs were incapable of conversing in any language other than through their own rough methods. Kip reminded himself of this biological fact, which suddenly required a deeper evaluation. Perhaps he was still confined within the elements of a dream, and he had simply imagined that the beagle had addressed him in plainspoken English. If this was truly the case, the dog continued to defy everything thus far chronicled about its species.
“Don’t pass out on me now,” advised the beagle. “I’m not in the mood to lick you back into consciousness. Besides, I’m running a bit low on saliva this morning.”
The beagle swiped its pink tongue across his chops and said, “That toilet water sure doesn’t go down the pipe easy.”
“I must be dreaming,” Kip said, smearing his palms across his eyeballs.
“Can we skip the clichés? God, if I had a doggy bag for every time I heard that one I’d be fatter than Orson Welles in that Black Tower board game commercial from the 80’s. By the way, I was just joshing about the toilet water.”
Kip remained on the floor at this point, keeping his head eye-level with the dog’s face. He crawled around on his hands and knees, searching for any electronic devices that might’ve been attached to the animal’s fur. “This is a joke,” Kip said. “Albeit, a damn clever one.” He continued to examine the beagle, even going as far to check under its legs and four paws for hidden wires or a microphone.
“I haven’t been groped like this since obedience school,” the beagle said. “But as long as you’re going for the gravy, don’t forget to check my prostate.”
“Very funny,” Kip said. He no longer addressed the dog when he announced, “I know what you’re trying to do, Mark! It won’t work.”
“Hey, I don’t want to confuse you more than you already are, but Mark isn’t here right now.” The dog then resorted to a suitable Humphrey Bogart impersonation. “It’s just you and me, Kip.”
“How do you know who Bogart was?”
“What can I say? I’m a dog. I watch a lot of throwback T.V. and movies. Since I can only see in black and white, I get a penchant for old flicks now and then.”
“You know, not to brag, but I’m somewhat of a movie buff myself,” Kip said.
“We’ll soon see how much polish you’ll really need.”
Kip chuckled only because he didn’t know what else to do. His hunt for a suspicious voice recorder on the dog revealed nothing, however. After exhaling a few measured breathes, he decided to get on his feet and splash some cold water on his face. The beagle waited tolerantly as Kip staggered into the bathroom and attempted to wash away any traces of trickery still flitting inside his brain. He returned to the corridor feeling remarkably alert, and was now convinced that the previous few seconds never occurred.
“For a minute there, I actually thought you could talk,” Kip giggled.
“And I actually thought you were going to drown yourself in that sink, Captain Sparrow,” the beagle remarked.
The color drained from Kip’s cheeks as he stared fixedly at the animal. His legs wobbled as if he was on stilts, but he managed to clasp the wall this time and hold himself upright. The beagle lifted his eyes and said, “If you’re trying to amaze me with your steely grit, you’re going about it the wrong way.”
“This can’t be happening,” Kip said. “Dogs can’t talk.”
“Woof, woof,” the beagle barked mockingly. “Does that make you feel any smarter?”
“It’s a good prank, but I didn’t just fall off the turnip truck. Something fishy is going on here.”
The beagle yawned and scratched its mottled fur with a hind leg. “This shtick is starting to bore me. When you’re finished with all the theatrics, I’ll be downstairs lounging on the couch. We got a lot of crap to go over, and I’m not talking about the kind that you pick up with a pooper-scooper.”
Rather than boggle Kip’s mind with an overload of information, the dog trotted toward the staircase and descended. Kip’s mouth dropped like a sinkhole, but nothing in the form of syllables made its way between his teeth. Before rejoining the dog downstairs, Kip scrambled toward his bedroom and grabbed his cellphone off his nightstand. Several frantic calls to Mark produced no sort of closure; he wasn’t answering his phone. Ultimately, Kip had to settle for the beagle’s account, which spawned more mystery than a plausible solution.
By the time Kip ventured downstairs, the beagle had already found the T.V.’s remote control and toggled through four channels in search of something aligned to his mood. A rerun of Columbo captured his imagination.
“I just love Peter Falk,” the beagle gushed. “Probably the greatest one-eyed private eye ever, don’t ya think?”
“I don’t want to talk about Columbo, okay?”
“That’s akin to sacrilege in my world. I’m tempted to do a false exit right now.”
Kip plopped onto the leather cushion next to the dog, staring incredulously at the animal. “I still can’t believe this is happening,” he muttered.
“Hey, stop overacting. You make Faye Dunaway look like an underachiever in Mommie Dearest.”
“Excuse me if I seem a little shocked. It’s not everyday that I get summoned to a conference by a talking beagle.”
“You’re too hung up on appearances. Are you tryin’ to make me feel self-conscious?”
If there was such a tactic as a pregnant pause, this one nearly gave birth before Kip mustered the humility to continue with his dialogue. “No one is going to believe any of this,” he said. “I’m not even ready to say that I do.”
“Look,” the beagle said as he lifted his paw for a shake. “Maybe we got off on the wrong paw, err, or whatever you humans get off on nowadays. I should’ve properly introduced myself upstairs.”
The beagle set his paw on top of Kip’s wrist, causing the man to involuntarily flinch. At least he didn’t yank his hand away.
“My full name is Bruce 5,” the beagle said. “But you can call me ‘Bruce’.”
“Bruce? That sounds almost too unoriginal to be real.”
“Well, I was named after that animatronic shark from the movie Jaws. Other than paying homage to a drag queen on Bosom Buddies, I’m hankering to know what your name’s claim to fame is, hotshot.”
“What’s the number five stand for in your name?”
“I’ll tell you later.”
It was futile to bicker over what neither of them could’ve changed. Kip reluctantly elected to shake the dog’s paw, but he was still certain that Mark had masterminded this scenario at his expense. If he sought further evidence, Bruce had enough on tap to breach a dam.


Chapter 7


For the most part, Kip was a shy man who always found it a chore to converse with extroverts. But however gregarious he hoped to become, no amount of preparation would’ve helped him exchange insightful words with a dog. Nevertheless, this very situation presented itself without pretense.
Bruce was almost distracted by an episode of Columbo. After all, it was the one directed by Steven Spielberg, with Jack Cassidy as a co-star. Because they were limited on time, Bruce hit the remote control with his paw. The television’s screen faded to black. Peter Falk would have to take a rain check. 
“I know you’ve got a lot of questions,” Bruce resumed, “and if you don’t, I probably shouldn’t even be wasting my TV time talking to you.”
Kip leaned forward on the couch, clasping his hands in front of himself in a posture he usually reserved for the commode. “Maybe you’d like to explain when and how you learned to speak fluent English?”
“I knew you’d cut to the chase,” Bruce returned. “Mark told me that you were a matter-of-fact kind of guy.”
“So I’m assuming that Mark just didn’t pick you up off the street?”
“B-I-N-G-O,” the beagle chimed.
“What’s your real story, Bruce?”
“You know anything about microchips and espionage?”
“Spying? Don’t tell me you’re a spy too,” Kip tried to contain his amusement.
The beagle didn’t snicker. “No,” Bruce said, “at least not anymore.”
Kip waited for the dog’s punch line, but the beagle wasn’t throwing any jabs at his funny bone. He kept looking at Kip as if he was a raw scrap of sirloin, but meat didn’t simmer in his thoughts now. Kip then noticed the beagle’s rather peculiar bottom fang, which visibly protruded from his closed muzzle. It looked almost triangular with a serrated edge.
“So what’s with the tooth?” Kip asked the dog.
“Don’t ask or you’ll be crusin’ for a bruisin’.”
“It almost looks fake. I know a few good vets who can fix it for you.”
“They can’t handle the tooth!” Bruce yelped in his best Nicholson voice. “Besides, I think it gives me a little character and makes me look kinda rough.”
“Sorry. Just trying to be helpful.”
“Listen up, or you’re gonna look like Hamburger Helper. What I’m about to tell you is gonna sound wackier than Chuck Barris’s claim that he was an assassin for the CIA. But since speaking dogs don’t lie, you can bet it’s the truth.” At least Kip stopped snickering as Bruce’s tone became increasingly humorless. “Are you familiar with the trend of implanting microchips in house pets for identification?”
“I’ve heard of it. I haven’t owned a pet in over twelve years, though.”
Bruce dipped his head, displaying the scruff of his neck to Kip. “They tagged me when I was still a pup,” he said. “They never figured I’d get away.” Kip reached his hand forward tentatively; he wanted to pet the dog to see if he felt any lump beneath his fur. But Kip retracted his fingers before touching Bruce.
“I feel kind of weird petting you now,” Kip confessed.
“Why? Is it because I can talk?”
“Maybe that’s it. This whole thing just makes me nervous.”
“You’re being anal, Kip. You won’t be able to feel anything anyway,” Bruce explained. “The RFID chip they inserted inside of me is no bigger than a grain of rice. Undetectable to the human touch, really.”
Kip conceded to the curiosity, lowered his hand, and dragged his fingertips through Bruce’s pelt. The beagle tilted his head accordingly and muttered, “You see, that’s not so bad, is it? You keep this up, I might even keep you around for awhile.”
“You’re right,” Kip replied. “I don’t feel anything.”
“The technology nowadays is a real mind bleep. But nothing beats the human touch. Keep scratching, if it’s not too much trouble.”
“Did you just say ‘mind bleep’?”
“Yeppers,” answered Bruce. “I wanted to spew forth the F-word, but my chip filters out any cusses. Censorship sucks the big bone. Keep scratchin’.”
Kip honored the dog’s request for a few seconds, before withdrawing his hand again. He waited anxiously for the beagle to resume. Bruce didn’t keep him in suspense. “Anyway, I wouldn’t be chatting here with you right now if it wasn’t for Mark Flyer. He’s the guy who rescued me.”
“Were you in a city pound or something?” Kip still scanned the dog’s expression for a hint of insincerity, but Bruce’s visage remained as unflappable as Molly Brown.
“I did some time there, Kip,” Bruce clarified. “That was before they trained me for this job.”
“What kind of job?”
“The kind that people aren’t allowed to publically discuss—at least not more than once.”
The grin splitting Kip’s mouth displayed his disbelief better than his forthcoming words. “I don’t mean to be rude, but this is all getting rather ridiculous.”
“From where you sit, it must sound that way. But there’s nothing silly about what I’m saying now. Very few people know the truth, and it’s not likely they’re gonna let that change.”
“You keep referring to ‘they’,” Kip said. “Who are these people who supposedly implanted you with a microchip?”
Bruce paused and maneuvered his snout closer to Kip’s face. The beagle glared at him raptly before growling, “There’s no turning back now. You’ll be part of this until its finished. You game?”
“Let me guess,” Kip interjected. “If you tell me anything else, you’re gonna have to kill me, right?”
“I don’t have the temperament for violence. However, I might take a pungent leak on your face when you’re sleeping, but that’s about it.”
“How could I refuse you now?”
“Cogent answer, my friend, because you can’t unless you have a taste for beagle urine. And here’s the kicker: I eat a lot of asparagus and garlic.”
Before Bruce divulged anything further, he jumped off the couch and did a quick reconnaissance of the living room, which had been mercilessly stripped of most of its furnishings since Kip’s divorce. After he was wholly satisfied that they were alone, the beagle returned to the couch and hopped back up on its cushion.
“Let me see your hands,” Bruce demanded. “Palms facing down, please.”
Kip studied his own hands in confusion before displaying them across his lap. Bruce sniffed the area between his thumb and index finger on each hand. “What are you doing?” Kip asked.
“Double-checking. Mark said you were clean, but he’s been wrong before.”
“Clean? I just washed my hands.”
“Never mind. It’s not important right now.”
“Hold on a second,” Kip insisted. “I’m assuming that Mark has known about your unique talent for a long time. Why didn’t he just come out and tell me himself?”
Bruce shook his head in disbelief. He then offered a rhetorical question. “Would you believe a guy if he told you that his dog could talk? You needed to find out about me on your own.”
“So I guess Mark’s father really isn’t in the hospital, huh?”
“Now you’re catching on. Boy, I can tell you’re a furniture salesman ’cause you’re starting to put all the pieces together like a real crackerjack.”
It impressed Kip that the beagle was adept at sarcasm, even if he employed it as a mechanism to point out his naivety. At least Bruce had his undivided attention now. “A number of years ago, way before I was born, elite agencies from around the world began implanting microchips in house pets—dogs, cats, birds, etc. It’s now common to sell the technology to pet owners as a registry system to help locate their animals in case they’re lost or stolen, and initially that seemed to be the primary focus.
“More recently, as the program expanded across the globe and upgrades in RFID, chips became inevitable, the powers-that-be, better known as the federal government, opted to conduct a series of covert tests utilizing popular breeds of dog. As luck would have it, my parents didn’t mingle outside the pack, and pedigrees of my class have been a top-ten draw in North America for the past fifty years. I blame that faux pas on Snoopy, and I got peanuts compared to what they paid him, but that’s another story.”
“Are you saying that you were used in some type of secret experiment by our government?” Kip asked. His face was drawn entirely too close to the dog’s nose in these seconds; one sneeze from Bruce would’ve certainly lacquered his cheeks with beagle snot. Luckily for Kip, Bruce had no known allergies.
“Imagine my embarrassment when I found out that this sort of stuff only used to happen to guinea pigs? But there’s no sense in denying the facts any longer. I was indeed an unwilling pawn of a countrywide scheme to spy on Americans in the security of their own homes.”
“That doesn’t sound logical. Why would our government want to spy on its own people? It’s unconstitutional.”
“I got two syllables for you, Kip: Snowden. It’s not just an inconvenience in the wintertime anymore, is it?”
“This just doesn’t sound rational to me.”
“Are you gonna make me roll my bleeping eyes again?” Bruce groaned. “You’re on a couch nattering with a dog, and in the same breath you’re calling me irrational? You mustn’t confuse logic with reality. They aren’t meant to mesh like Starsky and Hutch.”
Kip suddenly felt lightheaded. He stood up and hobbled over toward the foyer, near the front door.
“Don’t tell me you’re gonna faint again?” Bruce griped. “I’ve seen poodles on Ritalin with more moxie than you.”
“I just need some fresh air.” Kip clasped the front door’s handle and opened it. Before sunlight glazed his face, he noticed a woman pacing up the sidewalk toward the townhouse. This wasn’t just any woman, however. It was his ex-wife. Kip immediately slammed the door, hoping that she didn’t see him.
Bruce sniffed at the air with his nose, but he didn’t need his scent tracking skills to verify that company was on the way.
“You expecting someone hawking stale perfume?” Bruce asked.
“No. It’s my wife, I mean…my ex. She never comes over here.”
Bruce then served forth his best James Cagney impersonation. “Get rid of the moll. We don’t need any dames to complicate things, see?”
“Bruce, that’s the best advice you’ve given me thus far.”


Chapter 8


Peg Hinkle’s day started with an unsolicited reality check. Her latest beau, a razorblade salesman who reeked of aftershave and bullshit, unceremoniously punted her to the curb after they spent their first and last rendezvous together. She should’ve suspected that a man with a tan line on his left ring finger had no long-term commitments on his resume. As the fellow’s scorned wife rebuked Peg as she chased her out the backdoor, “They don’t call it a ‘fling’ for nothing, tramp! After he’s done with you, he flings you away.”
Peg barely managed to throw her dress back on, and when she finally did she discovered it was on wrong side out. Her hair and makeup had known better days too. Blotchy mascara blossomed beneath her eyes, giving her the look of a dejected panda bear. If she had any pride left on her plate at this juncture, she swallowed the last hunk of it on her walk of shame toward the doorstep she once called home.
Kip waited for the doorbell, but he wasn’t sure if he wanted to open the door. Maybe she didn’t see me, he thought. Peg may have had egg on her face, but the yoke hadn’t obscured the obvious.
“Open the door, Kip. It’s me. I know you’re home,” Peg said, rapping on the windowed panel with her knuckles.
“What should I do?” Kip Bruce asked, almost reflexively.
“Do you owe her money?” Bruce asked.
“No. Our divorce is final. I don’t owe her anything.”
“So then why are you shivering like Henry Fonda after he got lost on Golden Pond?”
Kip checked his posture and straightened his shoulders like a sentinel. “You know something,” he remarked. “You’re right. It’s time I tell her exactly how I feel.”
“Atta boy. Go Cujo on her cheating bleep.”
“I’m not that extreme, Bruce.”
“So I’m learning. Answer the door. Give her your patented Pomeranian stare-down.”
Even before Kip yanked the door open, Peg dusted off her pouty-girl phiz; she had manipulated her husband throughout the course of their marriage with this identical expression. It comforted Kip to know that her theatrics only triggered his gag reflex nowadays.
“What are you doing here?”
“I heard you talking to someone,” Peg murmured. She attempted to dab globules of makeup from her cheeks with her fingertips. “You got a woman in there?”
Kip almost responded earnestly, but instead puffed out his chest like a cocksure rooster and impeded her view into his house. “I don’t think that’s any of your business.”
“Who is she? Do I know her?”
“No better than I knew that UPS guy you were porkin’, or any of the others you’ve molested on a whim.”
Peg ignored his comment. She was too busy trying to peer beyond his frame. “I bet it’s that tiny Philippine slut in the end unit, right?”
“I’m sure you know all about units in the end, Peg,” Kip said.
In a bid to appear emotional, Peg wiped a crocodile tear from her eyelash. Much to her chagrin, she didn’t arrive with a stockpile of ammo to launch a counterattack. “Just so you know, that UPS dude was a fluke.”
“Evidently you’ve fluked the whole neighborhood.”
“You’re a real pisser, Kip. Do you think I wanted it to end up like this? Give me a break. I’ve just had the worst freakin’ night of my life.”
Perhaps the alchemists of justice were finally mixing up some karma, after all, thought Kip. He tried to conceal his gratification with this bit of news, but spiteful grins could often be devious and divine simultaneously. “You still haven’t told me why you’re here,” he reminded her.
“Let me come in.” She sounded as pathetic as a jilted lover, which of course she was. “I never really apologized for what happened. I think we should talk.”
“It doesn’t matter anymore. As far as I’m concerned, you and me are past tense.”
Peg’s bottom lip straightened as she espied a dash of sureness rustling Kip’s brow. She resorted to an unconventional approach. “Wow,” she said, wittingly glancing at his groin for emphasis. “When did you finally grow a pair? The last thing that dangled between your legs was a piece of toilet paper.”
Kip broadened his torso a bit further and his voice became deeper than a chasm when he declared, “They were right here the whole time. You were just always like a rogue squirrel—gathering nuts from all the trees but the one growing in your own yard.”
Peg pretended to find Kip’s wit amusing, but this was only a ploy for him to relinquish his preparedness for her next action. She pivoted away from the doorstep as if to leave, but then swung back in a beeline toward the door. Kip stumbled backwards into the foyer as his wife collided with him; her objective was accomplished.
“Where’s the little hussy?” Peg fumed. Her stiletto heels clacked against the tiled foyer like Ginger Rogers’ tap shoes. She scanned the living room, but found nothing in the semblance of womanhood.  Instead, she stared perplexedly at the beagle on the couch. “Is that a dog?” she cringed.
Bruce’s ears popped up as if hinged on springs, but he merely wagged his tail and shrewdly kept his muzzle zipped. Kip composed himself and sauntered into the room next to the couch. “No, it’s a turtle. What does it look like?” he replied.
“You don’t even like dogs.”
“Ah, they’re like moss in a root cellar; they grow on you after awhile.”
“You don’t like moss or root cellars either. What gives?”
Kip maneuvered to the side of the couch and reached out and patted Bruce on his head. The dog leaned into his hand as if they had a bond tighter than conjoined twins. “I’m not the same man I was six months ago,” he said.
“Is that why you were talking to that dog a minute ago?” Peg questioned warily.
“People talk to pets everyday. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
“But I heard another voice. A conversation.”
“Divorced men babble to themselves all the time.”
“Maybe so, but in different voices?”
Peg inched closer to the beagle. Bruce made a sporting show of his temperament by getting up and treading across the couch’s cushion to sniff both her hands. She refrained from touching the animal. “He looks like a mutt,” she said. “Where did you find him—in the gutter next to your trampy girlfriend?”
“He belongs to a friend of mine. What’s the difference?”
“You wouldn’t even let me get a fish tank,” she complained. “And suddenly you’ve got a mangy dog camping out on the couch. I guess you have changed.”
No amount of finagling on Peg’s behalf was going to derail Kip’s mood now. He crossed his arms in front of his body, waiting standoffishly for her to leave. Since she didn’t take hints as readily as she took bedfellows, Kip opted to push her along.
“I have to get ready for work,” he said. “So you’re gonna have to make this quick. But I’m sure you’re a regular pro at quickies, aren’t you?”
Peg might’ve vented, but she withheld her steam because Kip’s barbs had merit. She then paced in front of the lone mirror hanging in the living room to check her reflection. Her coiffure was wiry than the springs on a motel room’s mattress. “Look,” she said. “The real reason I came over here is that I heard you were living with someone—besides a dog, I mean.”
“Occasionally the rumor mill grinds true,” Kip said. “I’m renting a room to someone.”
“To a man? So that’s why I’ve seen a yellow Jeep in your driveway lately.”
“Yeah, he’s a younger guy. But he seems pretty responsible.”
“Oh, a younger man? Hmmm…sounds very uplifting.”
“He’s off limits to you, Mrs. Robinson. Koo-koo-ka-choo.”
“Don’t be to sure. He may enjoy an older woman with experience.”
“Forget it. He’s much too old for you. He’s post-pubescent.”
Peg sneered at the jibe, but it ricocheted off her brow like a super ball on blacktop. “You’re never going to stop with the insults, are you?”
“As soon as you leave, I promise to change my ways.”
“Living with another man is so unlike you, Kip,” she continued. A hint of dicing sarcasm altered her tone. “Unless you really have changed.”
“I see where you’re going with this, Peg,” he said, unaffected by her snide implication. “Just for the record, I’m not switching teams. But, to tell you the truth, if you were the only player left in my dugout, I might take the bat and balls as a consolation.”
“Was I such a terrible wife? So I cheated a few times. Doesn’t everyone?”
“I hope you’re not the new spokeswoman for matrimonial bliss. Maybe you should do some marketing for contracting STDs instead.”
Peg circled the room like a shark in blood-laced surf. She zeroed in on the beagle several times, but didn’t target him with words again. Bruce watched the drama from the couch; all that he lacked was a bag of popcorn and soft drink, but he would’ve settled for a soup bone. “I assume that was his Jeep parked out front the other night. What do you even know about this guy? He could be a pervert or a thief for all you know.”
“I know that he’s not fornicating in my bed with service workers.”
“You’re a bitter man. You really need to let things go, Kip.”
“Didn’t I do that already?”
“So you don’t even want to try and work out our problems? We were married for fifteen years. Doesn’t that mean anything to you?”
Kip paused to align his next thought, and it was one that he had only uttered while eyeballing his own reflection—until now. “I can’t go back and pretend you’re an honest woman, Peg. I regret that it took me fifteen years to find out the truth. I also regret that people like you appear to be calm and alluring on the surface, but the bulk of your hurtful nature lurks beneath. You’re an iceberg, and I’m just a tugboat trying to haul my own weight through the flotsam and jetsam of our marriage.”
“Well-scripted answer, douchebag. How many times did you grunt out that crock of shit before wiping it in my face?”
“A few times,” he replied. “I guess this is the sad part where the drama queen exits stage left, huh?”
“I won’t make you this offer again, Kip. Once I walk out that door, I’m gone forever. You can bet your new set of hairless balls on it.”
“Then I won’t have to get a restraining order after all.”
Peg started toward the open door in silence. She accepted his rejection as resentfully as a woman only such as herself could. After she departed, Kip had no qualms that she’d ever return. The tugboat had sailed clear into the open sea.


Chapter 9


“Bow wow!” Bruce yapped as Kip sauntered back into the room. “Or should I just say ‘wowsers’? You really are the little tugboat that could.”
Kip’s face beamed as if he just got shot in the ass with a booster full of virility. Even if praise came from a dog, it was better than playing to an empty house. “Do you think I handled her pretty good?”
“Pretty good? You were terrific, Kip,” Bruce said. “I take back that hasty remark I made about the drugged poodle. That performance could’ve tamed a rabid Rottweiler on steroids.”
“You really think?”
“Trust me. You were beautiful, just beautiful. I haven’t watched anything that funny since Ethel Mermen slipped on a banana peel in a sanatorium. You’re top dog, as they say back at the pound. And that line you delivered about the rogue squirrel: classic. If it wasn’t for that other thing you said about the bat and balls, I’d lick your face right now.”
Kip still expanded his chest and ambled around the room like he had a sack of crap in his pants. “You can breathe now,” Bruce reminded him. “The pit viper has left the building.”
Kip plopped on the couch cushion and exhaled before his lips turned blue. “I thought you were gonna lose it when she called you a mutt,” he said.
“I’ve been called worse. Besides, some of my best friends are mongrels. I’ve got friends in lower places than Garth Brooks. I just can’t believe you were married to that shrew.  I mean, I’ve sniffed around my fair share of foul bitches, but she’s brutal. I bet she’s seen more Wangs than a whorehouse in Bangkok.”
“Apparently, she’s not too picky.”
“Holy Sheena. For all guys only, huh?”
“Yeah, but I can’t guarantee the ‘only’ part,” Kip returned.
“Oh, so she likes carpet as well as hardwood flooring, huh?”
“How should I know? I was just her husband. Last to know, last to blow.”
“Good point. Ah, I’d say she’s really blown it, but that’s overstating the issue. Just look at her like the mascot for a neutering campaign.”
Kip looked quizzically at Bruce for a moment. His seemed distracted. “This might be a little bit off-topic,” he said, “but I’ve always wondered what it felt like for a dog to…you know, have his testicles cut off.”
“You were married for fifteen years, Kip. You know exactly what it feels like.”
“I’m being serious, Bruce. Did it change your personality at all?”
“I now squat when I take a piss. The last thing I humped was a vinyl camel with a squeaker, and the results were inconclusive. Does that sound macho to you? Take my word for it: if anybody ever tries to cut your cojones off and sells it to you as a health aid, they’ve got an agenda that doesn’t include your long-term happiness.”
“I’m sorry I brought it up, but I didn’t know if I’d ever get another chance to ask a dog that question.”
“Well, you can scratch it off your bucket list. But there’s no sense of weeping over snipped gonads or dissatisfied camels. We’ve got more urgent business at stake, and it’s gonna take a lotta balls on your part to get it done.”
If there was any disbelief still simmering in Kip’s eyes in regard to the beagle, it had all but vanished. Man and dog now hunched alongside one another like two generals masterminding a blueprint for battle. If either of them smoked, it would’ve been a good time to spark up a cigarette. Instead, Kip poured a bowl of dog food and set it on the coffee table in front of Bruce. Kip glanced at his watch. He was due back at Bed Mania in less than an hour.
“You most likely never heard of Project FIDO,” Bruce said, munching on a single nugget of dog food.
“FIDO? No, but that’s a pretty clever name, don’t you think?”
“Yeppers, the government spoons out nifty acronyms like mashed potatoes at a soup kitchen. Anyway, FIDO stands for Frequency Inspective Dog Operatives. I, along with fifty thousand other oblivious canines, became the first squad of domestic pets to receive Class IV RFID transponders. Select breeders then sold us to equally oblivious pet shops and homeowners across the fruited plains. Like earlier transmitters, the microchips contained GPS tracking. Only the Class IV chips included a few other perks. They also have the capability to record video and audio directly through the host’s observations.”
“And you’re the host?”
“You got it, but this isn’t a game show, Kip, and Vanna White ain’t turning over any tiles to spell out ‘America’. It’s Federal-spying 101. It’s NSA’s wet dream soaking through the linen. Think about it. Most pets have full access to their owners’ homes, particularly expensive dogs—pedigrees like me. We lounge on couches and beds, and sit near dinner tables, seemingly dumb to the private conversations occurring everyday between ordinary people. Imagine if all those interactions were monitored, and transferred from the technology implanted in pets to governmental databanks designed specifically to incriminate the public at large.”
“But that’s illegal. The government can’t do that.”
“You think Orwell had a clue when he exposed Big Brother?”
“The government works for us. Not the other way around.”
The beagle chuckled at Kip’s gullibility. “Kip, if you were any greener, I’d take a bleep on you and drag my itchy butt across your face. Newsflash: the government doesn’t care about what’s legal until they’re called to task, and since most humans are too busy dressing up their pets like four-legged dwarfs and waiting for the next kickoff or big sale on tea sets or lawnmowers, spying on their daily routines has become easier than shearing sleeping sheep. By the way, that’s a real tongue-twister.”
“I’m confused about something,” Kip admitted. “Does this Class IV microchip also give dogs like you the ability to talk? If that’s the case, why aren’t there reports of other talking dogs?”
“You’re putting the cart before the horse,” Bruce cautioned. “I’m gonna have to tie you on a short leash. Just listen and learn. Now, you asked a valid question, and the real answer is no, of course. The Class IV microchip isn’t intended to make any animal communicate through language. But the Class V prototype is the newest version and its side effects are still unknown.”
“Class V? Your mean there’s more chips?”
“When it comes to corruption in the government, the chips are never down. Henceforth, we have the Class V transponders. It’s the be-all and end-all of RFID microchips. I sometimes call it the Mac-Chip.”
“Why?”
“Because in a few years they’ll be more commonly sighted in American neighborhoods than McDonalds’ Restaurants.”
Kip grimaced and said, “It sounds like an overly ambitious plot.”
“Go ahead, think like you’ve been taught, but those Macs are about to go viral without the special sauce, only it won’t just be American house pets carrying them this time around. Well, at least not the pets walking on fours.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean you better not have any private ambitions that clash with the bigwigs in D.C. The Mac-Chip is designed for banal humans like you. Whatever they’re learning from FIDO has churned up a major bleep storm in Washington. Uncle Sam wants folks like you, Kip, but not in the way you once believed.”
“So you’re telling me that the government is conspiring to put a microchip in every human in this country?”
“It’s nothing new,” Bruce stated. “Even as we speak, Class II and III microchips have already been implanted in human volunteers, mainly children and the elderly. I call them guinea people. It’s only a matter of time before the chips become as mandatory in humans as rabies shots are for pets.”
“But what about the Class V chips? Is that what they stuck inside of you?”
“The smart money is on that bet,” Bruce said. “Of course, it wasn’t intentional on their behalf. Mark’s theory is that a screw-up at the lab occurred. I somehow received a Mac-Chip instead of the Class IV variety like the other dogs in FIDO.”
“How did Mark get involved in all of this?”
“If you want that information, you’re barking up the wrong tree. You’ll have to wait until you see Mark and debrief him.”
“But you’ve already told me everything else.”
“Hardly. I barely scraped the bone.”
Kip’s eyes returned to his watch. Although he was absolutely intrigued by Bruce’s report, the matter of arriving at work on time still loomed as an obligation. Ben Baylock despised tardiness more than renters, and he’d surely make Kip walk the proverbial plank if he wasn’t there to open the store as scheduled.
“That’s the second time you checked your watch,” Bruce observed. “You got a hot date?”
“Just work, not that I’ll be able to concentrate on selling many mattresses after what you just told me.”
“That’s good. Go about your normal routine. Don’t make a spectacle of yourself. Oh, I shouldn’t have to remind you that what we discussed here this morning is highly classified. Loose lips sink ships, and that ain’t good publicity for tugboats like yourself, comprende?”
“Who would believe me anyway? They’d have me locked up like Son of Sam if I told anyone that my dog was talking to me.”
“There’s one other thing. You gotta tell your boss that you’re taking some time off. I’m thinking maybe two or three days if all goes as planned.”
“What? I can’t do that on such short notice.”
“This is a one-way street, Kip. As I already told you, there’s no backing up now.”
“And what am I supposed to do with you today?”
Bruce extended his paw and tapped the power button on the remote control. The television flicked on. Columbo was in the midst of interrogating his suspect. “I’m gonna do what dogs do best,” he said. “I got plenty of food and Peter Falk to keep me occupied. I don’t see any reason to twitch a muscle unless I have to use the john.”
“So you don’t go outside?”
“I can’t open doors. I still got these things called ‘front paws’. Outside of walking and digging random holes, they ain’t much good for bleep. Besides, it’s not safe for me outdoors.”
“Why? Are you on the lam?”
“Noppers, too much wool to go on the lamb.”
“I said ‘lam’,” Kip said. “Seriously, are you being hunted or not?”
“Now wouldn’t that be ironic?” Bruce asked. “Usually, I’d be the one doing the hunting, right? But as you’ll soon find out, nothing is as it once was.”
On this point, Kip couldn’t disagree.


Chapter 10


A shower didn’t help Kip wash away his anxiety of rooming with a loquacious beagle. Adding to his angst, Mark neglected to pick up his cellphone for the tenth consecutive call. Without a foolproof plan to corroborate Bruce’s story, Kip left his house as if he had been targeted as the brunt of a well-crafted joke. If he didn’t know any better, he would’ve scanned the neighborhood searching for a Candid Camera crew. After all, it was easier to believe that Allen Funt rose from his grave to orchestrate this gag than to accept the situation as it presented itself.
After Kip drove his car into Bed Mania’s parking lot, he remembered why he dreaded this day even before the beagle opened his muzzle. Today was Ben Baylock’s chance to reaffirm to all potential customers that he had completely lost his sanity, and any sense of dignity along with it. The store’s annual “Swashbuckling Saturday” had arrived, and Baylock most likely wasted the entire evening adorning the showroom’s furniture and bedding with Jolly Rogers, parrots, daggers, treasure chests, and any other pirate paraphernalia he harvested from novelty sites on the Internet. Keeping with the spirit of this occasion, it was also the only day Baylock expected each “matey” to masquerade as a band of marauding buccaneers. Upon entering the store, Kip realized that had forgotten his flock coat and breeches back at home.
“Shiver me timbers!” Baylock bellowed. “Where yer garb be at, landlubber?”
“I’m sorry, Ben. I really just forgot what day it was.”
Baylock, of course, had bastardized the pirate motif to a degree where Black Beard himself would’ve felt underdressed. His one good eye twitched as if spattered by cobra venom.
“Ye’ll meet the ropes end for this, me addlepate.”
“Talk normal, Ben.”
Baylock’s mouth crinkled at each corner as he lowered his plastic cutlass. He looked like a chubby kid at the circus who just dropped his ice cream in a mound of elephant dung. “Geez, how could you forget your costume, Kip? It’s Swashbuckling Saturday! Blimey! We set sail in ten minutes. Arrr! What will me customers think?”
Kip wanted to say ‘they’ll think that someone is actually professional enough to buy a mattress in this sinking ship of a job!’ But he settled for something a bit more impartial. “You want me to go home and change?”
A dull glint ignited Baylock’s one good eye like a 20-watt bulb. “Me hearties won’t hornswoggle me on this outing,” Baylock said. “Ye be in luck, me bucko! I’ve got me some extra slops in the stockroom.”
If this was a morsel of fortune, Kip wondered what the pits of hell must’ve tasted like. Nevertheless, appeasing his manager’s quirky obsession for a few hours on a Saturday seemed like the least of his worries at the moment.
“Thanks. I’ll go put the costume on, Ben.”
“That’s Cap’n Baylock to ye, me scurvy dog.”
“Yo-ho-ho, me Cap’n,” Kip said in his best pirate voice.
“Hey, that was pretty good,” Baylock, said, breaking character. “Do you think you can talk like that all day?”
“Not even if my pathetic life depended on it.”
If reeking of mothballs wasn’t nauseating enough, Kip endured the likelihood that Baylock’s spare apparel hadn’t visited the inside of a washing machine since last year’s sale. For authenticity, it made sense. After all, any pirate worth his sea legs was required to plunder booty as well as stink like it. Kip didn’t favor the blousy shirt and snug petticoat, but the hat and buckled boots weren’t as asinine. Had it been Halloween, he could’ve doubled as a weathered seadog. What any of this had to do with peddling mattresses, however, remained a mystery that Baylock refused to decode with any regularity.
As the day progressed at the pace of a raided frigate, Kip was unsurprised that the merchandise in his station remained unsold. He couldn’t even blame his sales funk on his funkier outfit; apparently the other crewmembers were better at coping with their humility. Of course, he currently had more urgent matters to ponder than his co-workers, unless they too had encountered a talking dog spewing forth conspiracy theories. Kip needed to make sure this wasn’t the case.
During a coffee break, Kip seized the moment. He approached Hutch McCloyer by a vending machine in the stockroom. Despite working together for over three years, these men conversed less often than two mimes with laryngitis. Kip perpetuated most of this coerced silence. He was a nitpicker at times, and he therefore found it humorous that Hutch failed to recognize the irony of his name and the fact that he sold furniture for a living. A while ago, for some unstated reason, Hutch started referring to him by the moniker of ‘Lil’ Kippy’, which Kip loathed almost as much as the portly man’s relentless body odor. Not surprisingly, Hutch had spent most of this A.M. sweating profusely, which seemed as chronic to his physiology as breathing was to others.
“Hutch, do you gotta minute?”
Hutch’s was buoyant; it was a rare occasion when he outsold Kip on the showroom floor, and he didn’t want such a milestone to go unrecognized. “Did you see me out there this morning?” he gloated. “I moved three kings and a queen set in fifty minutes flat. Catch me if you can, Lil’ Kippy.”
Dare to dream, Kip thought. “I know. You’re really kicking ass today. The pirate costume must be doing the trick, huh?”
“Nah, I think I just finally got the hang of things around this place.”
“Yeah, maybe that’s it. I mean, you’ve only been here a little over three years.” Kip didn’t intend to sound glib, but Hutch’s ego was in dire need of a body check anyway. “Hey, I remember overhearing you say that you’ve got a couple dogs at your house, right?”
Hutch’s face lit up, which caused his clammy cheeks to glisten. He often bragged about his pets in the same irritating way parents praised their kids’ meager attributes. “Roe and Mini,” he gushed. He reached into a pocket to retrieve his cellphone. “You wanna see some photos of them at the Easter egg roll last month?”
“Thanks, but not right now.” Kip then resorted to a fib. “I was thinking about adopting a dog, so I was just wondering how they usually behave on a day-to-day basis.”
“I’d say that depends on the dog. What breed are you looking at?”
“A beagle.”
“Oh, they’re awesome pets. A bit full of the dickens for my liking though.”
“I’m used to being with someone whose full of the dickens; I was married to a slut,” Kip said.
Baylock didn’t smile when he replied, “Well, they’re smart dogs and good with kids.”
“Yeah, that’s what I’ve been told. I’ve known a few people who’ve said that pets change over the years, though. Did you notice anything different about your dogs lately?”
Hutch looked at Kip as if he just asked him to solve a problem in quantum physics. His eyes brows knotted together like two wooly caterpillars in mating season. “Now that you mention it, I’ve seen one very peculiar change.”
“You have? What is it?”
“Well, Roe—my miniature schnauzer—always does her business by the gazebo; he’s done that since she was a lil’ pup. But Mini, my schnoodle, who usually goes by the fence, has staked a claim on Roe’s favorite potty spot in the yard.”
“What the hell is a schnoodle?”
“It’s a poodle and schnauzer mix, of course.  Anyway, Mini will only poop next to the gazebo now. Don’t you think that the weirdest thing?”
“Someone call Rod Serling,” Kip said flippantly. He surmised that Hutch probably had no cultural frame of reference to draw upon, so there was no point in mentioning The Twilight Zone to him. “Listen, have your dogs done anything else strange lately?”
“Nothing comes to mind, except for a ceremonial sacrifice they attend after dark here and there.”
“What? What do you mean?”
Hutch smiled impishly and said, “I’m kidding. God, where’s your sense of humor? They’re dogs. They like routine things.”
As do most people. Kip couldn’t think of a subtle way to navigate toward his next question, so he simply blurted it out. “Did you ever think of having a microchip implanted in your pets, you know, in case they got lost?”
“Funny you should ask. I just learned about those things. The vet tried to talk me into getting them at the office last week. I’m still thinking about it.”
Kip gulped the last ounces of coffee from his Styrofoam cup and tossed it in a wastepaper basket near the vending machine. “Think more than twice about it, Hutch.” Kip started to walk back toward the showroom, but not before Hutch fired off his parting shot.
“Hey, Lil’ Kippy, just so you know, nobody will be calling Rod Serling, because he’s already crossed over to another dimension. He died of a heart attack in 1975.”
Kip seemed awestruck. “Touché,” he said. “Just don’t step in any schnoodle shit on the way to your gazebo.”
By design or not, “Swashbuckling Saturday” proved disastrous for Kip. He tallied some of his worst numbers as a salesman since he started working at Bed Mania. By the store’s closing hour at 10 P.M., Baylock appeared vexed enough to cast him headlong toward Davy Jones’ Locker. To worsen matters, Kip still hadn’t informed his boss that he needed a few days off. Baylock frequently scoffed at such requests in the past, so Kip procrastinated with the news until they were outside in the parking lot. In his haste, Kip had forgotten to change back into his regular clothes.
“I know this is kind of last minute,” Kip explained. “I can’t afford to miss work, but I don’t have a choice.”
“Unless there’s a funeral, you’ve got a choice,” Baylock said. His pirate lingo was noticeably pillaged from his voice at the moment. “You don’t have any vacation time until at least July.”
Kip had never lied so much in such a short span of time, but the circumstances merited it. “Didn’t I mention that it was a funeral?” he said. “I guess it must’ve slipped my mind. That’s where I’m going.”
“Who died?”
Kip had to think fast and sound authentic at the same time, but he only managed to sputter, “My dog.” Naturally, his response stopped Baylock as if he traipsed directly into an invisible wall.
“Excuse me? Did you say your dog?”
“Actually, he’s not my dog. He’s my mother’s…or he was.”
Baylock would’ve never been accused of being a genius, but even a man deprived of nostrils could’ve smelled the stink of this invention. “Kip,” Baylock said, “Maybe you don’t know this, but our company doesn’t give time off for pet funerals. Besides, you’ve never mentioned your mother owning a dog before.”
“Well, it’s not something that usually comes up in conversation, is it?”
“Hutch brags about his dogs all the time,” Baylock countered.
“Yeah, but they’re his dogs. Who talks about their relatives’ pets?”
Kip suspected that Baylock had a soft spot for animals. As a result, he sensed some malleability in his boss’s rigidness. “What kind of dog did your mom have?”
Another test. Kip was almost ready to pass it this time around. He had to be swift with his response. He couldn’t decide on one breed, so he spliced two together and served forth this genetic wonder: “A Malweiler.”
“A what?”
“Um, it was a mutt, you know—half Maltese and half Rottweiler.”
“Oh, well, not to be politically correct, but such dogs are called mixes. Referring to any dog as a mutt nowadays is obnoxious.”
“I’ll remember that next time I’m within earshot of a mix.”
“You know, I’ve never heard of that kind of a dog before in my life.”
Kip felt himself losing traction on this ruse, but he couldn’t withdraw now; he dug his boot heels in and held stern. “It’s very rare, most likely one-of-a-kind. My mom got him from a governess. She was a little creepy, but nobody seemed to care.”
“Really? Her name wasn’t Von Trapp, was it?” Baylock joked.
Kip ignored his boss, because he believed it would’ve been a bad omen to reveal the nanny’s name now. “That dog and my mom were inseparable.”
“Are you sure?” Baylock asked. “It seems like a questionable mix to me.”
“I agree. But I don’t think the Maltese had a choice, if you know what I mean.”
Baylock nodded his chin. Maybe he was just too tired to dispute the point. In any event, he granted Kip the three days off.


Chapter 11


There’s an old urban legend that urged drivers to check the backseat of their cars before getting inside. But Kip just worked a twelve-hour shift. And besides, wasn’t such folklore designed as a scare tactic to dissuade nubile women from traveling alone? It certainly didn’t apply to middle-aged men dressed in pirate gear—or did it? Before Kip started the car’s engine, he felt the weight of a shadowed hand latching onto his shoulder. A hushed voice emanating from the backseat sounded familiar to him.
“Your mom’s dog died—seriously? Is that the best excuse you could come up with?”
Kip pivoted toward the man. A jolt of adrenaline dashed through his brain. “Mark, what the hell is going on? And why are you in my car?”
Mark glanced out the car’s rear window toward the main road.  He ducked down from view as an approaching vehicle’s headlights flashed on the pavement. “Shhh.” Mark planted his index finger against this bushy mustache. “Keep your voice down. It’s time for you to learn the rules of this game.”
“What game?” Kip huffed. He then yanked away from Mark’s grasp. “I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but I’m about five seconds away from calling the police.”
“Whoa, drop your anchor, Captain Kidd. The police won’t help you. You’re not the most convincing marauder, you know what I mean?”
Kip’s cheeks flushed pink, but he wasn’t sure if this reaction was triggered by embarrassment or anger. “Look, there’s obviously something crazy going on in your life. But what do you want from me?”
“I guess the beagle didn’t get around to telling you everything. That’s good. It’s nice to know you can still trust a dog—unlike most people nowadays.”
“Is that dog some kind of a joke or something? Why did you leave me alone with him this morning?”
“You needed to hear what’s going on straight from the dog’s mouth.”
“You mean it’s all true?” Kip searched Mark’s steely expression, inspecting his features for any chink that might’ve exposed his fraudulence. “That beagle is really part of some kind of spying scheme by a government agency?”
Mark remained crouched in the car’s darkened interior, adjusting himself as comfortably as possible against the armrest. Another pair of headlights flickered on the street, causing him to flinch. Kip detected his nervousness. “Why are you acting so paranoid?”
“Who’s acting?” Mark said.
“Is someone following you?”
“Probably.”
“Who?”
“Kip, you ask smart questions. I guess it’s time I explain who I really am.” Mark brought his fingers to his lips and peeled a fake mustache from his upper lip with one swipe of his hand. He had only a thin line of dark stubble beneath his disguise. And although it was dark, he still sported his mirrored sunglasses.
“Looks like we’re both in-costume tonight. You don’t resemble Tom Selleck anymore,” Kip said.
“As long as you don’t tell me I look like that guy from Canon, we’re fine.”
“Is Mark Flyer even your real name?”
“It’s the only one you’ll ever need to know me by,” he replied.
“I take it you’re not really a chef either, huh?”
“I can’t even make toast. Thank Wegmans for the dinner you scarfed down on that first night.” Mark was visibly unashamed of being a fraud, which gave credence to the notion that he truly was some type of undercover operative. Even if this was the situation, Kip didn’t want any further part of it.
“Listen,” Kip suggested. “Maybe you shouldn’t tell me anything else. Why don’t I take you back to my house, where you can get all your stuff together and then just leave? I’ll pretend I never even met you or your talking beagle. Your secret is safe with me.”
“But you’ve already taken time off from work. Why did you clear your schedule if you didn’t intend to help?”
“Maybe I need a vacation. Anyway, I’ve changed my mind. I’m too old for this.”
It was unfeasible for Kip to access Mark’s reaction; he still masked his eyeballs behind mirrored lenses. Instead of answering him, Mark hoisted a medium-sized manila envelope from the seat. He drummed his fingers repetitively on the paper, drawing obvious attention to the packet.
“What’s that?”
“It’s for you,” Mark said. He then held out the bulging envelope toward Kip’s retracting hand. “Everything that you’ll need to complete your mission is inside.”
“My mission?” Kip didn’t know whether to laugh or urinate on himself. Because he just had his car’s upholstery cleaned, he chose the former. “I feel like I’m in the middle of an episode of Mission: Impossible.”
“More like Get Smart, but we’re splitting hairs, right?”
“Is that a dossier?”
“It’s sure not a brochure for Disney World.”
“But I already told you that I’m not doing this, Mark. Whatever it is you think I am, you’re wrong. Look at me! I’m dressed like a gosh damn pirate and sell mattresses for a living. Does that sound like 007’s credentials to you? Trust me, I got nothing on Bond. Can you imagine me introducing myself at some swanky cocktail party, where I swagger in dressed to the nines and say, ‘I’m Hinkle, Kip Hinkle.’ It just doesn’t jive.”
“Before I started working as a spy, I sold used cars from a lemon lot in Poughkeepsie,” Mark said. “Real espionage isn’t like what you see on TV or the movies, Kip. Most secret agents have jobs you’d never link to spying. They’re gas pumpers, cashiers, florists, or shade tree mechanics. Sometimes they’d even host television talent shows with big gongs. They sit on PTA’s, and go to church just like you and me.”
“I don’t go to church or sit on PTA’s.”
“Whatever. The point is, you’re perfect for this assignment for precisely the reasons you believe you’re not.”
Kip suddenly felt insulted. “You think my life is pretty boring, don’t you?”
“I didn’t say that. I’d use the word normal.”
“Well, I may not be the most exciting guy in town, but I got some pretty cool stuff going on, you know?”
“Of course.” Mark yawned to accentuate what they both already knew.
The cruel truth, whether Kip wanted to admit it or not, was that up until this moment, watching paint peel from a weathered silo generated more entertainment than his lifestyle. A reflex in Kip’s hand caused his fingers to latch onto the envelope with the swiftness of a trout snagging a spinner. Just clutching the crisp sleeve of paper in his hands made his voice drop an octave. Mark had hooked his man; it was like scooping a guppy out of a fishbowl.
“Okay. Tell me everything I need to know.”
“Shortly after the cluster bleep known as 9-11, I was hired by the government to oversee a covert division of agents. We called ourselves MUTTS.”
“MUTTS? Let me guess, it’s another acronym, right?”
“You learn quick, Kip. There are two things you’ve got to be good at if you want to make it in Washington. Number one: spending other people’s money, and number two: creating acronyms for anything you want secretly funded.”
“What do the MUTTS do?”
“We’re Mobile Underground Transponder Tracking Specialists.”
“That’s a mouthful; it almost deserves an acronym. So I assume you’re also part of Project FIDO that Bruce told me about?”
“You’re looking at its architect,” Mark said. “I initiated FIDO and was responsible for managing the dogs, which included decoding and compiling the data in the Class IV microchips. That’s where I met Bruce 5.”
“And that’s when you learned Bruce could talk?”
“Bull’s-eye. By accident, that beagle was implanted with a Class V transponder. After I learned about the dubious intentions of these microchips, I wanted to get out of The Agency.”
“Why didn’t you just quit?”
“It’s not that easy. You can’t just submit a letter of resignation and tell the government that you’re done spying on the American people. This is a lifetime gig, and if you break the contract, they break you.”
“You mean…?”
“That’s right—you don’t get to pass Go or collect your two hundred dollars.”
“They’d put you in jail?”
“If you’re unlucky. Option one is kinder. The torture methods they’ve used on defectors in the past make waterboarding look like a pie-eating contest. In comparison to where they’d send me, Gitmo would be like a Club Med vacation. Capisce?”
Kip sensed his sweaty fingers slipping on the envelope. Maybe it wasn’t so bad being a humdrum worker-bee at Bed Mania after all. He almost tried to return the envelope to Mark, but then reconsidered. The chance of anything like this ever coming down the pike toward him again was remote at best.
“So you and the beagle are on the run now?”
“Yep. The MUTTS ordered a cold extraction of the beagle’s chip. Unfortunately, such a procedure terminates the host.”
“How?”
“Cyanide. Each Class V microchip contains enough poison to kill a three hundred pound human in less than two minutes. The transponders are implanted as permanent fixtures. If tampered with, they’ll pop like ticks beneath the host’s skin, thereby releasing the cyanide. Only a demagnification process can safely fry the chip. You see where I’m going with this, don’t you?”
“I think so. You’ve risked your life to protect Bruce.”
“I love dogs, Kip, but not at the expense of my own tail. This is far bigger than Bruce or me. It’s about the preservation of our own species as we know it.”
“It all sounds like a loony conspiracy plot.”
“So did the Holocaust when people first learned about it.”
Kip felt as though he had just been socked in the belly with a brass-knuckled fist. He was just beginning to comprehend the ramifications of implanting such transponders in people. What he didn’t know yet, of course, was why Mark sought his assistance at this stage. 
“I still don’t understand why you need my help,” Kip said. “I don’t know hardly anything about this technology. How come you came to me?”
“Before I fled from the MUTTS, I managed to temporarily disable the tracking device in Bruce’s microchip by electronically jamming its frequency signal. It bought me some borrowed time, but not enough to get complacent. I’ve traveled by dark, and I’m currently en route to a converted bomb shelter to have Bruce’s microchip neutralized. But our pursuers are gaining ground on us fast. I suspect the chip’s GPS mechanism implanted in Bruce is at least semi-operational by now. I can’t take the risk of being captured with the beagle. That’s where you come in, Kip. It’s your assignment to get Bruce to that bunker. We’ll reconvene at that destination tomorrow.”


Chapter 12


As a child growing up in the late sixties and early seventies, almost everybody in the radius of Kip’s neighborhood dreamed of becoming either an astronaut or a spy. But how many of these woolgatherers really ventured into deep space or undercover? The answer: nil. Kip envisioned owning a bicycle shop in his hometown, not a lofty proposition in comparison to his peers. But up until this evening, he hadn’t peddled anything more compelling than a truckload of box springs and mattresses. Breaking the seal on a single envelope was about to change everything.
Kip first fetched a folded roadmap of northern New Jersey and eastern Pennsylvania from the envelope. Yellow and orange highlighters outlined specific routes meandering between localities in both states. Kip may not have been much of a techie, but he was savvy enough to know that paper maps had gone the way of 45rpm records.
“I haven’t used one of these things in a long time,” Kip said as he unfolded the map in both hands. “Where do I plug it in?” Maybe it wasn’t the most appropriate time for cornball humor, but he wanted to reduce the tension any way possible. Mark still surveyed the surroundings periodically. Using the car’s interior light as a source of illumination, Kip dragged his finger along the map’s highlighted trail. His fingertip stopped when crossing a circled portion of the map. A cryptic code “DZ1” was scrawled in proximity to it. “I really feel like I’m reading a treasure map now.”
“You’re certainly dressed for the part,” Mark quipped.
“What’s this “DZ1” for?”
“That’s your first destination. It’s your first drop-zone.”
Kip angled the map closer to his face and squinted to examine its indicated site. “Easton, Pennsylvania? What am I dropping off there?”
“Your car, of course. I’m trained to be cautious. There’s no guarantee that the same people looking for me won’t track you down too. I’ve already arranged to have another vehicle waiting on a side street for transfer. You and Bruce will switch vehicles in Easton before continuing north. Follow the directions indicated in highlighter from there.”
“But why are you using an old-fashioned paper map like this one? I have a GPS built right into my phone. I’ll just type in the address.”
“Kip, if I wanted someone stupid for this job, I’d be debriefing your boss right now. You mustn’t turn on your cellphone under any circumstances. In fact, I need to confiscate it from you right now.” Mark held out his palm. “Give it to me.”
“No. You can’t have my phone. I might need it,” Kip refused.
“I’ll return it to you, if all goes well.”
“But what if I need to get in touch with you?”
“You won’t. If necessary, I’ll contact you.”
“I’m starting to think this is a half-baked plan.”
“The MUTTS are cunning and motivated, Kip. If there’s any chance that they can trace your whereabouts through technology, they’ll do it. We got to do this the old-school way, at least for now.”
Rather than debate Mark’s strategy, Kip dipped his hand into the envelope and yanked out a slim black cellphone.  “Old school, huh?” he said, showing Mark the phone. “What’s this for then?”
“That’s a secure cellphone. It has no tracking devices. You’ll be utilizing that once you reach your destination. Don’t turn it on before then.”
Kip’s eyes darted back to the map. He noticed the yellow highlighter stopped somewhere in the vicinity of Morris County, New Jersey. Another code and inscription of “DZX” caught his attention. Beyond this point, an orange highlighter proceeded to scribble a pathway upward into the outer regions of a state park.
“I’m going to a park called ‘Hacklebarney’?”
“Not exactly to it, but near it. The park is a wooded region spanning roughly 900 acres. It’s much easier to hide a shelter in there, wouldn’t you say?” Mark kept his hand extended across the seat until Kip finally relinquished his own cellphone. “I couldn’t do this alone,” he continued. “There are other people working behind the scenes to put a stop to this, but we’re shrinking in number. If we get captured, they’ll be even fewer of us.”
“We? You mean my life could be in danger, too?”
“You wouldn’t be an authentic spy otherwise, right?”
“What am I supposed to do when I reach the bunker?”
Mark motioned to the cellphone that Kip just removed from the dossier. “There’s one entrance built behind a boulder alongside the Black River. It’s the only way in or out of the shelter. The boulder is only conspicuous if you know what to look for. It’s set between two willow trees alongside the river. It’s the only trees like it in the area. Your contact will be anticipating your arrival. That phone is your sole link to her. She’s a former agent and defector from MUTTS. Her name is Dr. Belladonna Wells.”
“Are you kidding me?” Is that her real name?”
“As far as I know. She’s from Italy. I think she was named after a plant or something.”
“And she’s a doctor? Her name sure doesn’t ring a Belladonna...ha, ha.”
“I hope you’re a better secret agent than you are a punster, Kip.”
“Sorry. I’m just trying to break the tension. So what kind of a doctor is she anyway—a veterinarian?”
“No. She’s an entomologist.”
“What’s that?”
“Insects, Kip. She studies bugs.”
“But she works with dogs. Do they have a lot of fleas or something?”
“Let’s just focus on what you need to do, okay?” Mark suggested.
“Are you sure she can be trusted?”
 “As sure as I am you can. Dr. Wells is indispensable to this entire mission. She also has the apparatus and expertise to save the beagle. Without her help, Bruce dies. But he’s not alone. Like me, Dr. Wells didn’t realize that the dogs exploited by FIDO were slated for immediate extermination when the operation ceased.”
“That’s horrible. When does the operation end?”
“They’ve already started the process. Hence my status as a fugitive.”
“How could they be so heartless?”
“It’s business. It’s nothing personal.”
Kip already knew Mark didn’t really believe that. This was very personal, and stretched far beyond the deviancies of ordinary men. Kip unwound like a ball of yarn with his next string of questions. “How will I know that I’m not walking into a trap with Bruce when I get to that bunker? What if this doctor is caught before I find her? Isn’t that just as likely as you or me being captured by the MUTTS?”
“As I said earlier, you ask smart questions. Are you sure you’re just selling beds for a living?”
“I’m not sure of anything anymore, Mark.”
“Good answer. The most courageous among us are rarely sure of anything. But in response to your question, that’s where the cellphone comes into play. After you arrive at the designated area, but not a solitary second beforehand, you must depress the power button on the cellphone. The phone’s battery has enough juice for about five minutes of usage. There will be one contact visible, and that is Dr. Wells’s extension. You will text her half of a password that I’ll now reveal.”
“Wait. Shouldn’t I write this down first?”
“No. Never write a password down, Kip. Didn’t you ever surf any sites on your computer that you didn’t want people to know about?”
“Sorry. I guess I haven’t.”
“Okay, listen carefully. You’re going to text one message into the phone. It’s only one word, but you’ll need to remember two. Besides me, Dr. Wells is the only person who knows the other half of the password.”
“You’re making this very confusing, you know that?”
“Spy work usually is.”
“Alright, just tell me what I need to do.”
Kip never expected their conversation to take on such a serious tone, but Mark even raised his sunglasses to relay the next objective. His citron-colored eyes didn’t even blink. “You will text the word ‘weaving’ and send it to Dr. Wells. Permit no more than two minutes for her response.”
“Got it. But what does ‘weaving’ mean?”
“Don’t get tangled in your thoughts over that right now. You have a lot to remember as it is. Her responding text to you will also be one word. You will advance into the bunker with Bruce only after she texts you the word ‘spiders’, all in caps.”
“Weaving spiders,” Kip repeated. “Okay. That’s simple enough to remember. Boy, this is really starting to sound top secret.”
“Carly Simon’s signature song’s secret pales in comparison.” 
Kip’s hand fished around inside the envelope again. He found the car key that Mark spoke of earlier and an unmarked DVD in its keep case. Mark let him examine those items for a few seconds before he continued. “I estimate that it’ll take you approximately four hours to reach the bunker after transferring vehicles. By studying the map you’ll notice that I’ve purposely routed you off the major highways throughout Pennsylvania and back into Jersey.”
“What’s the DVD for?” Kip asked.
“Other than Bruce, it’s the most vital aspect to this whole mission. Once you arrive at the drop zone in Easton, another informant will be waiting to meet you with a car. He’ll be dressed in a mint green suit with a matching bowler derby. His name is Winter Greene and he knows you’re coming.”
“He must use Scope when he spies, huh?”
“Your puns suck. Just give the disc to him. He’s assigned the task to disseminate the DVD’s data across the Information Highway, using equipment set up at an undisclosed location. If all goes well, we can only hope he gets it broadcasted to the general public in time.”
“Why the green suit and hat? Won’t that outfit make him stick out in a crowd?”
“It’s his favorite color. Give me a break, will ya? You’re not exactly the most inconspicuous bloke on the block either, are you, Captain Hook?”
“What’s on the disc?”
“Everything Bruce and I went over with you. It exposes Project FIDO and the MUTTS. It also details the plot for implantation of Class V microchips. More essentially, it links these operations to the upper echelon of the powers that be.”
“How high up does this plot go?”
Mark’s eyes narrowed before he flipped the sunglasses back on the bridge of his nose. “There are certain things that are classified, Kip. This is one of them.”
“But if I’m on your team, shouldn’t I know everything?”
“You know enough for now. Don’t get greedy.”
Mark sat nervously as Kip emptied the envelope’s remaining contents onto his lap. A wad of cash, secured with a single rubber band, plopped onto the seat between Kip’s legs. The bills were all in twenty-dollar denominations.
“Why do I need this money?”
“Fuel, food, lodging, or whatever else might pop up unexpectedly. It’s three hundred dollars. Make sure you don’t use your credit card. Oh, and if Bruce gets hungry, feed him dry dog food only. If he eats anything else, you better ride with the windows down.”
“Great. You’ve saddled me with a gassy beagle. There’s always a catch, isn’t there?” One last item fell onto Kip’s last, and he picked it up with the assumption that it had some clandestine function. “What’s this?” he Mark asked.
“What does it look like?”
Kip examined the vintage canister, which was no larger than his palm. He read from the label affixed to it. “Shinola…it looks like a can of old shoe polish.”
“Brilliant deduction, shoe-luck,” Mark said. “Think of it as a keepsake. They don’t make it anymore.”
“Oh, I get it. It’s sort of like something Maxwell Smart would’ve carried—similar to his shoe phone. Very clever. Is it a high tech transmitter or something?”
“No. It’s exactly what it appears to be—discontinued shoe polish.”
“I don’t understand, Mark. How will an old tin of Shinola help me complete this mission?”
“You read into everything way too deeply. That can be a positive attribute at times, but it can also be a detriment. The problem with most people, Kip, is that they just don’t know shit from Shinola. Take my word for it, there’s a lot of shit to step in out there, some of it quite polished. Your job is to recognize the difference between the two.”
“You know, I’m beginning to believe that you’re just as strange as your talking beagle.” Rather than debate Mark’s logic. He simply stuffed the canister in the front pocket of his shirt. “Looks like I’m ready to go now, huh?”
Mark didn’t answer Kip. Instead, he continued to monitor the road for any suspicious vehicles. He then referenced the time on his watch. “Let’s synchronize our watches first,” he suggested.
It wouldn’t have felt like a legitimate plan without such an application in the protocol of reconnaissance. Kip checked his Timex accordingly. “I’ve got eighteen minutes after ten.”
“Bravo,” Mark said, while coordinating the dials on his watch. “By 5:20 P.M., tomorrow night, I’ll reunite with you and Bruce at the bomb shelter. By then, you should already be acquainted with Dr. Wells. In the event that I don’t arrive by 5:30 P.M., you will proceed with the mission without me. Is that understood?”
“You’re only giving me nineteen hours?”
“Trust me, if you don’t make it to the bunker by then, none of this is going to matter.”
“How will I know what to do?”
“Leave those details to Dr. Wells. She has instructions. You just need to get Bruce to that location by five-thirty tomorrow night. Are you ready to batten down the hatches, Captain?”
“I really gotta change out of this pirate costume first.”
“Make it a quick change,” Mark recommended. “You should leave tonight.”
Mark’s grin suddenly appeared slicker than an oil spill. Kip didn’t have a solid reason to trust a man who already pelted him with a litany of lies. Moreover, none of this sounded plausible to him. But he couldn’t deny Bruce’s presence anymore than he could’ve refuted the beagle’s garrulous talent.
Mark exited Kip’s vehicle without forwarding any further information on where he planned to go next. If Kip entertained any idea of opting out of the mission now, it was already too late. Cue the spy music. Kip Hinkle’s ordinary life just got upgraded.


Chapter 13


Anyone who still professed that a dog couldn’t appreciate a classic television show simply didn’t scrutinize his pet’s addictions often enough. Even before Bruce became a formidable wordsmith, he routinely lounged within viewing range of America’s most inefficient pastime. Bruce logged six hours in a retro marathon of Mannix before he heard Kip’s car putter into the driveway. Seeing Kip stumble into the house dressed like a reject from the cast of Pirates of Penzance immediately cured the beagle’s boredom.
“Holy Macho Man!” Bruce exclaimed. “I thought the Village People broke up?”
“I look pretty stupid, huh?”
“Not as stupid as Tom Cruise jumping on Oprah’s couch, but I wouldn’t let you do my taxes either.”
Kip’s plate was far too full for even a paltry portion of mockery. He looked like he just sprinted a marathon; his cheeks were flushed and he clutched the manila envelope against his chest like a defibrillator. After his harried thoughts caught up with his breath, he peeked outside through the nearest window in the foyer.
“I think someone is following me,” he said.
Bruce already determined the source of Kip’s anxiety. “It looks like you got a chance to chat with Mark,” he said. “He must’ve laid the scoop on you, huh?”
Kip shifted away from the window and paced into the living room, where the beagle sprawled out on his couch like road kill. Bruce devoured the bowl of dog food soon after Kip left for work. The rest of the bag was torn open and nearly consumed as well.
“You really haven’t moved all day, have you?” Kip asked.
Bruce felt like belching, but that would’ve been overtly crass. “When I make a commitment to do something—even if that something is nothing—I stick to it like a tick on a dog’s ear.”
“Is that the credo of lazy canines or something?” Kip asked, huffily.
“IDK, but you better put on a jacket, because I gotta license to chill.”
“Why am I regretting this already?”
The beagle licked his chops and picked his head off a throw pillow. “I’m sensing a little terseness in your voice, Kip. Did Mark’s spiel give you the heebie-jeebies? You look like Shaggy after seeing a ghost.” Considering the beagle’s potential fate, Kip found Bruce’s nonchalant disposition maddening.
Kip grabbed the remote control from the couch and flicked off the T.V. “How can you be so calm? According to Mark, people are trying to kill you.”
“Settle down and take deep, tantric breaths,” Bruce advised. By this point, Kip’s adrenaline wouldn’t permit such meditative behavior.
“Tantric breaths? Let me guess: you’ve got a yoga instructor, too?”
Bruce stretched his front paws out in front of his body and arched his butt into the air. “A yoga instructor? Seriously, whatever gave you a crazy idea like that? Beagles don’t do yoga. We’ve got three modes: eat, sleep, and sniff. If I fetch a Frisbee here or there, it’s a bonus. I just saw a commercial for Tantra classes on the tube. I figured it might help you hook up with some limber chicks, too.”
“You need to stop watching so much television. It’ll rot your brain.”
“You don’t look hairy enough to be my father, but thanks, Dad.” Bruce noticed Kip’s hands fidgeting with the envelope. More than anything, the crinkling noise generated by Kip’s grip on the dossier caused the dog to whimper. “I realize you’re a bit frazzled, but that sound is making my ears bleed.”
Kip set the envelope on the edge of the couch’s armrest and plopped on the cushion. He swiped his hands through his sweating hair a few times to absorb the perspiration peppering his scalp. “Look at me. I’m sweating like a fat bulldog. I didn’t think I’d be so nervous about this.”
“You, nervous? Nah,” Bruce said. “I haven’t seen such steeliness since Tom Arnold married Roseanne Barr.”
It took a few moments, but Kip eventually managed to calm down and recount the business at hand. “Mark wants us to leave here tonight. I assume you know where we’re going?”
“Yep, somewhere in Pennsylvania to pick up a car, but did he really say we should leave now, smack middle in a Mannix marathon?”
“I thought you preferred Columbo anyway?”
“Hey, this dog doesn’t live by a rumpled raincoat alone, okay? Besides, the world could stand to gain a few more real men like Joe Mannix.”
“Look, Bruce, I don’t want to talk about your favorite TV detectives, okay? We’ve got a bigger mystery in the works, if what you and Mark told me holds water.”
“Oh, trust me, it retains more water than Elvis on tour in 77,” Bruce assured. “I guess I was just hoping we had a little more time to dogpaddle.”
“Nineteen hours. That’s how much time he gave us to get to the bunker.”
“You’re right then. The MUTTS must be getting closer.”
With a sudden surge of energy, which belied his bloated stature, Bruce pounced from the couch and began sniffing the air and ground in the room’s four corners. He ultimately moved toward the rear end of the house, where a sliding glass door awaited his inspection. He smelled the door’s jamb a few times before returning to the living room’s couch.
“You said you think you were followed,” Bruce inquired. “Are you sure?”
“No, I’m not positive. But there were headlights behind me for a few miles until I turned into this development.”
“Well, I didn’t catch a whiff of any MUTTS around here yet, so we might be safe.”
“What do you mean? You can smell them before they even show up?”
“I’m a beagle—what do you think? That’s what I do. I’ve got a talent for this sort of thing. Nobody knows the trouble I’ve known like my nose.”
Before Bruce nosed out another inch of real estate, a crash occurred on the deck outside the house. Both Bruce and Kip whipped their heads in the direction of the sliding glass doors. “Did you hear that?” Kip asked.
Bruce’s ears perked up as he said, “Are you kidding me? Helen Keller wearing earmuffs could’ve heard that. You got a garbage can out there?” Bruce scooted across the room toward the slider, being mindful to stay in the camouflage cast by the door’s vertical blind.
“Yeah. I always keep it on the deck.”
“Someone or something just knocked it over.”
Kip sprung onto his feet to check out the scene for himself. When he neared the slider, he flicked a light switch on the wall to illuminate the deck’s exterior. Sure enough, the garbage can was tipped on its side. Plastic containers and a few beer bottles covered the cedar planks. Bruce’s pushed his nose up against the door to assess the situation.
“Do you see anything?” Bruce asked.
Kip scanned the deck and surrounding yard. His eyes caught a glimpse of what appeared to be a squirrel scampering away from the trashcan.
“Looks like a squirrel,” Kip said, partially relieved.
“Can’t be.”
“I think I know what a squirrel looks like, Bruce. It’s gray and has a bushy tail.”
“So does a Shih Tzu, but that doesn’t make it a squirrel.” Bruce pressed his snout against the slider’s track again, this time huffing deeply. He couldn’t discern anything at first, but noticed a movement in the shadows off the deck.
“You see anything?” Kip asked.
“Can’t tell, but your squirrel theory flies as well as a wingless ostrich.”
“Ostrich’s can’t fly.”
Bruce picked his head up and shot Kip an obtuse look. “I keep reminding myself that you’re greener than gangrene when it comes to mockery. Squirrels aren’t nocturnal.”
“Well, maybe it’s a raccoon then.”
“Smarter guess, but I’m not picking up a scent.” Bruce nosed the door’s jamb again to reaffirm his point. 
Kip peered more intently at the backyard, and discerned the definite shape of a squirrel perched on its hind limbs in the grass. It faced the sliding doors; its head seemed fixated in one position. “It’s right in front of you,” Kip said, directing Bruce’s attention to the spot in the yard by tapping on the glass. “Don’t you see it?”
Bruce nudged his nose against the window so that the fog of his own breath stained the glass. He only needed to preview the object for two seconds before he scuttled away from the slider and hid behind the blinds.
“I told you it was a squirrel,” Kip said, robustly.
“That’s no more a squirrel than I’m a chimpanzee.”
“What do you mean? Look at with your own two eyes.”
“Get away from the window,” Bruce advised. “Let’s hope they didn’t finger us yet.”
“Fingered? Who’s gonna get fingered?”
“Relax. It’s not time for your annual physical. Maybe they’ll go away.”
“They?” Kip rechecked the squirrel’s status. “I can only see one.”
“Since you’re afraid of being goosed, take another gander.”
Kip squinted to study the squirrel’s habits more thoroughly. He detected a lavender glow emanating from its eye sockets. “I think its eyes are flashing purple,” he muttered. Bruce clamped his jaws around a portion of Kip’s pirate pantaloons and tugged him away from the door.
“What are you doing?”
“Unless you like being photographed, stay out of view,” Bruce cautioned. “They’re using a drone with an infrared camera.”
Reflexively, Kip did a double take. After scrutinizing the squirrel again, he realized that it wasn’t moving with a living creature’s normal fluidity. “Well look at that,” he remarked. “You know, I think you’re right, Bruce. That thing isn’t real. It’s a robot.”
“Otherwise known as a drone squirrel,” Bruce clarified, “which means it’s gonna get nuttier sooner than I hoped.”
Kip backed away from the slider and yanked down on the vertical blinds’ drawstring, thereby obstructing the exterior view completely. A natural mode of panic overtook him. His voice shuddered when he said, “What does this mean? Why are they using a squirrel drone?”
“I don’t think its out harvesting acorns,” Bruce said. “We can’t take any chances now. I’d say we’ve got about ten minutes before the MUTTS are all over us like fleas on a junkyard dog.”
Kip didn’t need any further provocation from the beagle. He groped at his pockets in search of his car’s keys. Eventually, he forwarded a jangling mass of metal before declaring, “I’m ready to go now. But I need to change my clothes first.”
“You’re not going to a cotillion, Kip. You look fine.”
“I don't feel fine. I feel foolish dressed this way.”
The dog trotted over to the couch and mouthed the dossier on its armrest. As far as beagles go, Bruce didn’t typically get overly dramatic, but he made an exception in this case. “Look, we either skedaddle right this second or you might as well uncap a jar of Vaseline and lube up.”
“What are you saying? Are they really that sick?”
“Nah, they might even be sicker. Last time they caught a couple of informants, petroleum jelly was a luxury item.”
Kip didn’t require any further encouragement in order to shift into ass-saving gear. He was already half out the door before Bruce finished his proclamation.
“C’mon,” Kip urged the beagle. “We’ve got to get out of here fast.”
“Now you’re talkin’ like a pro or just someone who doesn’t like a random prostate exam. “You’re really famished for an adventure, aren’t ya?”
Kip exhaled dishearteningly before admitting, “Hell, no. I just ran out of Vaseline.”
The two made a hectic dash for a butter-colored car in the driveway, but upon previewing the method of transportation, Bruce seemed underwhelmed. “That’s your ride?” he asked, visibly cringing at the make and model.
“Yeah. What’s the matter with it?”
“You tell me. What do you call that thing?”
“It’s a Taurus and it runs great. I’ve had it for over fifteen years.”
“That’s longer than my lifespan,” Bruce said. “Are we gonna make it to the drop zone in that clunker?”
“Unless we leave now, we’ll never know. Right?”
Beagles weren’t bred for their obsequious smiles, but Bruce managed to curl his jowls moderately on this occasion. “I’m beginning to like you, Kip Hinkle. You’ve got chutzpah.”
Maybe so, but what Kip really needed for the journey ahead was an extra pair of clean underwear.


Chapter 14


The drone squirrel remained immobilized in the backyard; its robotic eyes fixated on an empty townhouse. Fifteen minutes after Kip and Bruce’s speedy departure from the premises, another vehicle casually rolled into the driveway. The black sedan’s license plate read: SHAD-E1S. Two such figures emerged from the car’s interior. In size and stature, they were the Abbott and Costello of espionage. The driver, a gangly man with a pitted complexion, eyed the home with a sense of zeal. He sported a gray, pinstriped suit with burnished silver buttons. Among a covert group of agents in MUTTS, he was trained as a drone specialist. His name was Agent Leif Oranger.
Agent Oranger, although not yet forty-years old, wholeheartedly contended that he once served as a grunt in the Vietnam War. The mathematical implausibility of his claim hardly dissuaded him from perpetuating the lie. An undisclosed neurological condition caused the left side of his face to twitch spasmodically, which mimicked a likely consequence of exposure to the defoliant sprinkled like pixie dust over the jungles of Southeast Asia throughout the 1960s. Oranger had given credence to the motto that if someone uttered an untruth often enough, eventually he and others would’ve believed it.
At his immediate right, clad in an ankle-length overcoat, was a man whose face appeared chiseled from a cinderblock. Had an artisan sculpted such a mug, however, he probably would’ve set his subject’s eyes farther apart. Because of this symmetrical flaw, he displayed a unibrow that sprouted like a ribbon of ragweed over his unblinking eyes. If Agent Brick Mason wanted to see anything on either side of what was straight in front of him, he had to rotate his head like an owl. And since his neck was thicker than a tree stump, this often required him to pivot his whole body in the direction he sought to survey.
Following a recon on the townhouse’s perimeter, Oranger retrieved the drone squirrel from the backyard. The mechanical creature still cast a shimmer of electronic light from its lensed eye sockets, but it had obviously malfunctioned. This tech glitch didn’t discourage him entirely. He rejoined Agent Mason on the deck, where his partner had already jimmied the sliding door’s lock.
“Put your squirrel away,” Mason said. “We’re going inside.”
“Are you sure we got the right house?”
Mason checked the GPS tracking on his smartphone. “Why don’t you ask your furry playmate?”
Oranger defended the robotic critter with an aura of pride. “Don’t be pickin’ on Mr. Squealer. He might’ve snapped us a couple clean images of that beagle.”
“You actually named that thing Mr. Squealer?”
“Absolutely. How else am I gonna recognize him from the others?”
“I just thought you’d check its nuts.”
Mason edged the door open on its track and slipped between the vertical blind’s slats. The home’s interior lights were still aglow, indicating what both agents already surmised: the occupants made a hasty exit. Mason then skimmed the home’s interior, revolving 360 degrees to do so.
“Did ya ever think about gettin’ your eyes fixed? You spin in more circles than a ballerina on a merry-go-round.”
“I’ve got 20/20 vision,” Mason replied defensively. “I see better in the dark than your drones. And for a fellow who quivers more than an epileptic with his finger stuck in a light socket, I’d be careful about dishing out too much criticism.”
It was no mystery to either Agent Oranger or Mason that they were currently weighted down by an anvil of pressure from their superiors. Neither one of them wanted to forward a message that Bruce had eluded capture yet again. Before making that call, they needed to uncover something useful. While Mason pirouetted around the living room rummaging for clues, Oranger hooked up a USB cord to Mr. Squealer in order to upload its photographic data onto his cellphone. Mason observed this uncomfortably as his partner plugged the cable in a port directly beneath the drone squirrel’s tail.
“What is this--fifty shades of grey squirrels?” Mason smirked. “Why did you have to give it a butt plug?”
“Hey, I had make it look authentic, didn’t I? Where else was I gonna put a port?”
“I guess. Any port in a storm, right, Leif?”
Oranger ignored Mason’s cynicism as he waited for the drone’s images to process. Mr. Squealer rebooted and its eyes sparked electric blue. Drones weren’t supposed to smile, but this one defied the norm. Meanwhile, Mason scoured the living room and kitchen for less invasive material. He picked up a stack of unopened mail on the counter and checked the address on various letters.
“Kip Hinkle,” Mason read from an unpaid water bill. “Did Agent Flyer ever mention this guy to you before?”
“Nope. He might be a greenhorn,” Oranger said. The images gradually emerged on his phone. After several seconds, he had the drone’s content in hand. “Looks like we’ve got something here,” he noted. Most of the photographs were too blurry to make out. Others were inconsequential. But at least three of them showed Kip peeking out from behind the sliding glass door, and another captured him getting out of his car.
“He doesn’t look like anything special. If you ask me, he’s dressed kind of weird.”
“What do you mean?”
“He’s wearing a pirate’s costume. Could this be the right guy?”
“There’s only one way to know for sure,” Mason said. “Did that drone get any images of the beagle?”
Oranger scanned the photos more doggedly before saying, “I got no solid evidence here.” Leave it to Agent Mason to find something concrete. He shifted his attention to Oranger’s cellphone. After using his self-proclaimed perfect vision to scan the photographs, he espied one image that might’ve proved beneficial.
Mason pointed to the thumbnail exposure and said, “Can you enlarge that one?”
Oranger tapped his index finger on the phone’s screen. The photo popped up, but it appeared to be just another shadowed figure of Kip standing behind the sliding door. “That doesn’t look like a beagle to me,” Oranger said.
“Notice the bottom of the pic, behind the blind’s slats.”
Oranger squinted at the screen and attempted to enhance its resolution by pinching his fingers over the image’s frame. “I can’t make it any bigger,” he complained.
“That’s what your wife told you, too,” Mason cracked. “Seriously, if you look closely, you’ll see what could be a dog’s hind leg.” Mason then fingered the grainy area with his pudgy digit and said, “You see it?”
Oranger might’ve seen the tooth fairy if Mason pointed it out. “I can’t say for sure,” he replied. “It’s almost hidden.”
“It’s gonna have to be good enough,” Mason said. “Unless you wanna be the one to tell our boss that we got duped again by a hound.”
“We’ll never get into the Grove if we admit that,” Oranger said. Disappointment spread over his face like a rash, causing the muscles in the left side of his cheek and eyelid to twitch irrepressibly.
“Don't spaz out on me now,” Mason warned.
“Sorry. This just reminds me of being back in Da Nang.”
“Here we go again,” Mason huffed. “Leif, you were never in Vietnam. How many times do I gotta tell you that?”
“They’re tryin’ to brainwash me into believing that, too, Brick. But I keep having dreams about being on the guest list at the Hanoi Hilton. The accommodations were a real drag.”
Mason simply placated him now by asking, “How so?”
“If you complained about anything, they’d drag you by your heels face-first through a troth of pig shit. And a chocolate-colored dollop on your straw pillow never turned out to be a mint.”
“You really are unique, and I mean that in a bad way.”
“Dreams are the basis of reality. We’re all captives in our minds.”
“So slurred the habitual pot-smoker.” Mason grumbled and wobbled away from Oranger. They had more essential matters to discuss than Oranger’s imaginary lodging as a prisoner of war. Besides, if Mason really wanted to get under Oranger’s skin, he would’ve threatened to fix him up with Hanoi Jane.
“Well,” Oranger continued, “thanks to Mr. Squealer we at least know what kind of car he’s driving. Where do you think this guy’s heading?”
“Anywhere we can’t find him. That’s a blind man’s guess.”
“Do you think we’re dealing with a professional?”
Mason dutifully recorded many of the home’s details, including the barren walls and dearth of furniture. “He’s a loner,” he noted. “But he wasn’t always that way.”
“How do you know?”
Mason gestured to the living room walls. “You see that sheetrock,” he remarked. “Its recently been spackled in ten different spots, but not painted. What does this tell you?”
“He doesn’t have any paint?”
“Astounding, Dr. Obvious. What else?”
“Beats me. I’m a tech guy. I work with drones, other than you, I mean.”
“Our newest stoolpigeon recently had a breakup. His wife probably moved out. She took most of the décor with her.”
“You gleaned all that from some unpainted spackling?”
“No, I got that from his mail. Some of his bills are addressed to a Mrs. Peggy Hinkle. So I’m figuring she’s no longer in the big picture, on the walls or otherwise.”
Oranger shook his head with a conciliatory nod. “You’re clever, Brick. I’ll give ya credit for that. How’d you ever think to look at the sheetrock?”
“I have an uncle in the construction business.”
“Let me guess--he’s a bricklayer, right?”
“No. He’s a plumber. What makes you think he laid brick?”
“I figured at least one brick in your family had to get laid.”
“You set me up for that one, huh?”
“Like a line of dominos.”
“You’re about as funny as a malignant tumor, you know that, Leif?”
Mason already refocused his thoughts on their next objective. Their boss had called them over an hour ago for an update. If another thirty minutes went by without a return call, he knew that they’d both be applying for a new line of work, or maybe even a new line of life.
“Are you gonna call him back right now?” Oranger asked.
“We’ve gotta jump quick on this. I have no choice.”
Oranger gulped and shuddered, but he couldn’t fault Mason’s rationale. After all, Hal “Hooty” Molek wasn’t the type of man who appreciated being kept in limbo.


Chapter 15


Whoever believed that camping was solely intended for kids had never ventured into the redwood groves of Monte Rio, California in mid-July. Here, sequestered within a sylvan backdrop, members of an exclusive club gathered to rekindle the follies of their youth. But, of course, it was the clandestine businesses of this New Order of campers that kept them reuniting each summer. Hal “Hooty” Molek had achieved an “old guard” status among such elite gentlemen who referred to themselves as Bohemians.
At nearly seventy-years-old, Molek was getting too old and ornery to trudge across the countryside in pursuit of renegade agents, but even he received directives from those of a statelier rank. Someone more influential allocated FIDO’s cleanup as Molek’s pet project, and matters of this nature were never debatable. Molek had already coordinated the Class V microchips as the focus of the Grove’s Lakeside Talks at this year’s upcoming encampment. He promised the Super Class that news of this magnitude hadn’t been shared at these festivities since The Manhattan Project in 1942.
Of course, the anticipation of this milestone careened into jeopardy shortly after Mark Flyer escaped from the operation compound with Bruce. Three weeks of relentless tracking had lured the MUTTS commander from the Golden to Garden State. But even as Molek and his crew edged closer to apprehending Mark, a sense of urgency overwhelmed him. In terms of rogue agents, Mark’s defection wasn’t unprecedented. Others fled from the Agency in the past, but the Bohemian Club’s ceremonial master hadn’t directly appointed those individuals. Molek’s reputation now hinged on Mark’s capture. He often claimed that it was far easier for an invalid to break out of Alcatraz than to elude his clutches from more than a day. Someone was finally testing his braggadocio.
At this hour, Molek’s white Cadillac Escalade was parked conspicuously at a rest stop alongside the New Jersey Turnpike. He directed his chauffeur, aptly nicknamed Hics, to wait at this location until they received further orders. Hics suffered from a chronic diaphragmatic flutter, which was a medical term for what was more commonly called the hiccups. In order to counteract his symptoms, he drank more water than a dehydrated camel, but this only exasperated his problem as far as Molek was concerned.
If Jerry Garcia had jammed beyond the age of fifty-three, he might’ve passed as Molek’s doppelganger. Similar to his protégé, Molek sported a full grizzled beard, save for the tobacco stains framing his lower lip and nostrils. As it stood, he verified in both in dress and demeanor that the last of the hippies hadn’t all gratefully died. On most occasions, he found comfort in the tie-dyed rags of his subculture. Bandanas and Indian beads were still staples in his wardrobe. He even wore leather sandals formerly stowed in the back of a VW Vanagon since the 1960s. And keeping to the formulaic image of these hipsters, he smoked more weed than a wildfire on the African Savanna.
Whether at home in the forest or on a frenzied tour to safeguard the New World Order, Molek was rarely seen in public without his stanch companion clinging to his shoulder. There was nothing cute or endearing about a three hundred pound beatnik caressing a parrot so assiduously. For reasons Molek never disclosed, he had a proclivity toward one particular albino macaw. It was more than obvious that he had a penchant for a touch of white feathers.
The pampered parrot relished the attention. She peered at Molek with her eyes, seemingly immersing riddles and tricks within her topaz gaze. The duo had become inseparable over the past two years, and made almost anyone who observed them wary in the process.
“H…how much…lo-longer do we gotta sit he-here?” sputtered Hics. He swigged water from a plastic bottle, but the placebo wasn’t working.
Molek kneaded Nepo’s plumage with his pudgy knuckles. The macaw’s voice sounded like a tiny motorboat. Although he appeared calm, a tempest swelled behind Molek’s splintered eyeballs as he contemplated Hic’s question. He glanced at his watch again, which revealed the time on a horned owl’s face.
“Until the thrill is gone,” Molek said, but he fixated his concentration on the bird. Nepo had a wink of malice in her eyes as she nibbled at her stiletto-like talons with her beak. Molek kept his cellphone and an open laptop in front of him on the car’s dashboard. They waited a few minutes longer before the phone lit up with its signature sound: the overture to Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Cats. Hics looked puzzled by the cellphone’s melody.
“Is that what I th-think it is?”
“You got a problem with show tunes, Hics?” Nepo appeared more interested in Hic’s response than Molek. Her feathers jutted out like the barbs on a catfish.
“Not really. I guess I w-was just expectin’ something different.”
“Selecting a ringtone is a difficult matter,” Molek quipped. “It isn’t just one of your holiday games.”
As Hics pondered that allusion with no degree of clarity, Molek picked up his phone from the dashboard. He didn’t have to glance at the screen; he already knew who was calling.
“Tell me it’s over,” Molek grumbled into the phone, but he knew better than to assume as much.
Mason’s voice didn’t exactly percolate with enthusiasm either. “We’re getting closer,” he said. “But we haven’t nabbed him yet.” Hearing details that were less than gainful always made Molek antsy. It was even hard to keep Nepo perched on his shoulder under such conditions. Before Molek suffered a full-blown conniption, Mason relayed a few crucial bits of information. “We’ve got a make on this new guy’s vehicle. If the drone squirrel’s pics mean anything, he should be driving an older model car. Looks like a beige Taurus.”
“A pedestrian choice,” Molek mused.
“I think the beagle’s with him, too,” Mason returned.
“It seems Mr. Squealers has merited himself a reboot,” Molek commented. “I’ll get a beat on that Taurus right away. In the meantime, you and Agent Oranger should find out as much as possible about this Kip Hinkle. If Agent Flyer trusted him to transport the beagle alone, he must be a formidable adversary. I want you guys to dig like a couple of voles until we get this guy. Understood?”
“Affirmative, Hooty,” Mason said. “But did you say voles? Don’t you mean moles?”
“No, I said what I meant. You’ve never heard of a vole?”
“I grew up in Jersey City. My neighbors owned a pet sewer rat, but I’ve never seen a vole before.”
“For our purposes,” Molek explained. “Know that owls love voles. In fact, owls eat them whenever possible and regurgitate their bones and fur in the form of pellets. Unless you and Agent Oranger want to become my voles, I suggest you do precisely as you’re told.”
“Did anyone ever tell you that you sound a lot like Walter Cronkite over the phone?” Mason said, attempting to alleviate the tension filtering between them.
“No one will ever call you a pioneer for such an observation. Give me an update in two hours. And that’s the way it is.”
Molek clicked off his cellphone and placed it back on the dashboard. At least his hands and legs stopped trembling; Nepo was thankful for that. Hics stationed behind the Caddy’s steering wheel, waiting to take his orders like an overzealous fry cook. Whenever Hics became anxious or sensitive, his hiccups worsened to an extent where he couldn’t string two words together without a broken pattern of speech. Molek knew the infirmities of his cohorts far better than he needed or wanted.
“Hics,” he suggested. “Why don’t you get out of the car and take a walk around outside? A little evening air might help with your impediment.”
“I…I…don’t ha-have an impediment.”
“Sure. And I don’t have a fat ass.”
“I can just r…roll down the win-window,” Hics said. Molek, of course, attempted a subtler dismissal of his driver’s company before resorting to a more direct command. Obviously, Hics wasn’t any better at taking hints than he would’ve been at delivering public service announcements.
“I need a few minutes alone,” Molek specified. “Is that too much to ask?”
“This is the th-third night in a row that y-you wanted me to take a walk.” Hics realized it was fruitless to argue with Molek. He opened the car’s door begrudgingly, but refused to exit right away. He glanced across the seat and noticed Nepo peering at him with a satisfied expression. “I don’t like the w-way that bird stares at me. She’s always l-looking at me cockeyed.” 
“She was born cross-eyed. It’s a genetic defect.”
Although displeased with Molek’s rebuttal, Hic’s stepped out of the Caddy and resumed his tantrum in isolation. Once they were alone, Nepo sprang onto the driver’s seat and glared out the window. Molek knew what the macaw was thinking, but in case he needed further clarification, Nepo rarely disappointed.
“Genetic defect? Have you forgotten I have perfectly good hearing?”
“Sorry. I had to say something to get rid of him for a few minutes.”
“I thought he’d never leave,” she clicked. “You really need a new driver; perhaps one with a properly functioning diaphragm.”
“In time, Nepo, in time. We currently have bigger nuts to crack.”
“Now you’re making me hungry.”
Molek’s mouth widened, revealing a gapped-toothed smile. Before committing to any major decision, he usually consulted with his parrot. As he recently discovered, the Class V microchip functioned just as miraculously inside this bird as it had on Bruce. “Do you think Mark’s latest patsy is worth the effort?”
“If he’s with the beagle now, we have no choice but to make him a priority,” Nepo responded. She continued to groom herself with her beak, pecking with a meticulous motion down the length of her tail feathers.
“You are certainly a tenacious bird,” Molek said, adoringly.
“Sometimes,” the bird declared, “I think you wish I was a cat. I can be similar to that if you prefer.”
“Nonsense, Nepo. I’ve always preferred feathers to fur.”
Nepo rivaled any macaw’s grin known before her. She then leapt onto Molek’s lap and settled into the warm crevice between his thighs. Then, channeling a bit of Old Possum’s rhetoric, she half-mimicked, “Not since Macaw-vity has there been a catbird of such deceitfulness and suavity.”
Even Molek wasn’t prepared to debate his pompous parrot on this declaration.


Chapter 16


Some cars were engineered for speed, but in a scenario where traveling from point A to B in the least amount of time was paramount, Kip’s ride left its occupants in a rut. On the plus side, the back roads leading toward Easton were relatively traffic-free at this time of night, save for a few intolerant truckers who tested their loads’ limitations on serpentine byways. Bruce remained crouched in the backseat, only occasionally craning his neck to peer out the rear window to make sure nobody was following them. A highway mile-marker indicated that their destination was fewer than five miles away. Kip tried to maintain an aura of calmness during this commute, but a skeleton-knuckled grip on the steering wheel shredded his paper-thin facade.
Bruce, as he was accustomed to doing, tried to sugarcoat the drama. “You wouldn’t ever look at me and consider me a dangerous dog, would ya?”
“You’re a beagle,” Kip replied. “How vicious can you be?”
“What if I told you that I once bit the bleeping bleep out of a German Shepherd?”
“I’d probably think you’d be trying to pull the wool over my eyes.”
“Shepherds pull wool, Kip, not beagles.”
“So you were really in a dog fight before?”
Bruce puffed out his chest a bit as he sat upright on the seat. He suddenly looked like a wingman stationed beside a pilot. “More than once. I spent some time in the pound before the MUTTS got to me. You don’t prance down those corridors more than once without attracting some unwanted attention. It seemed that every mongrel in there had a bone to pick with me.”
“How come?”
“You ever meet a dog that doesn’t like fresh meat? I learned to keep my tail low and to watch my back. But as you might’ve guessed, there’s always an alpha in the mix, looking to piss in your water dish when your tail is turned.”
“So this German Shepherd marked his territory?”
Kip’s attention reverted to the road momentarily; a barreling semi swerved into a passing lane and nearly rammed him off the road’s soft shoulder. Kip had quite a few expletives simmering in his brain, but all he managed to spew out was, “Road hog!”
“Has this engine got any more kick to it?” Bruce asked.
“The pedal is to the metal. We’re at max speed.”
“Is this thing a Taurus or a tortoise? I’ve seen hairdryers with more torque.”
In this case, the Taurus’s speedometer topped off at about 65mph, not exactly an Aston Martin in motion. “I think I need a tune up,” Kip said.
“Either that or a junkyard,” Bruce returned.
“Hey, none of this was my idea, okay? So just cut me some slack. Beggars can’t be choosers, right? Even when they are dogs.” Bruce didn’t want to argue with logic. Kip made his point and settled back into a steady if somewhat sluggish pace along the curving asphalt. He now felt comfortable enough to resume their dialogue. “Now what were you saying about that German Shepherd?”
“Oh, you still wanna know how I kicked his tail, huh?”
“I bet you couldn’t even reach his tail.”
“O ye of little faith. I’ll have you know that beagles are now ranked number thirty on the most dangerous dogs’ list.”
“There’s really such a list?”
“Yeppers, I saw it on the Internet once, so it must be true.”
Kip navigated another bend in the road. He wasn’t paying too much concern to an approaching pair of headlights behind him. Bruce seemed momentarily lost in his own reverie as he recounted one of his scraps with a dog at least three times his size. “That mutt thought I’d just roll over and whimper for mercy,” he continued. “His name was Bleach.”
“Bleach? Like Clorox?”
“More like bleach as in blonde. As rumor had it, he inherited a rather infamous bloodline. I learned that he might’ve been a descendant of Blondi.”
“Deborah Harry’s rock band?”
Bruce rolled his eyes. If he had a problem with anger management, he might’ve snapped at Kip for his idiocy.
“Don’t you watch the History Channel? Blondi was Hitler’s dog. Would it surprise you to know that Nazi scientists experimented with trying to get dogs to talk, read, and write since World War II?”
“Until today, I wouldn’t believe a word you’re saying.”
“Well, I guess it’s never too late to have an open mind, even if it has to be done with a sledgehammer. Anyway, Bleach tangled with the wrong hound dog on that day. He limped away. His goose-stepping days were done. I ripped him another bleephole for my trouble.”
“I’m curious. How’d you manage to get the best of Bleach?”
“Two words: sack attack.”
Kip’s eyes instinctually lowered to his crotch as he cringed. “You don’t mean…?”
“Yes, I do mean. I went for his gonads. When in doubt, go low. Bleach had a lot of balls, but no one ever said that about him again after our little tussle.”
“You bit them both off?”
“I bagged me one. The other ball just sort of dangled off his scrotum like an eyeball popped from its socket. Last time I heard his new nickname was Lance.”
“That’s unbelievable. I wouldn’t think you’d do something like that.”
“Ah, don’t get all petrified on me, Kip. It didn’t turn me into a tea-bagger. But when I get testy, I take it to the testes.”
“What makes you the most angry?”
“Besides questions about my temperament, anyone who praises the film version of Howard the Duck always gets my dander up.”
“I can’t blame you for feeling that way. That movie really laid an egg.”
“Kip, leave the puns to me. You may quack yourself up, but the rest of us just don’t get your jokes or your yokes.”
The car behind the Taurus shortened the distance between them on the road, but it wasn’t nearly noticeable enough to cause Kip to glance into the rearview mirror more than once. At the moment, Bruce still hadn’t acknowledged anything suspicious.
“Have you ever been in a scuffle?” Bruce asked. Kip’s lingering silence indicated the infrequency of such incidents.
“I sell mattresses, Bruce. I’m not a cage fighter.”
“That doesn’t answer my question entirely. When’s the last time you flat out kicked bleep?”
Kip’s response was generated by embarrassment more than anything else. “You’re putting pressure on me now. I can’t remember.”
“I’m thinking high school, right? In self-defense, of course.”
Another pause. This gave Kip a chance to glower with his sternest poker face. He couldn’t even recall a confrontation in high school where he fought back, although that didn’t mean he’d never got beaten up. In Kip’s time, bullying was the norm. Ass-kicking 101 was a fixture on every geek’s schedule. It was nearly a prerequisite for graduation.
Before Kip jogged his memory for an episode that showcased his skills as a combatant, the headlights streamed into the car’s rearview mirror. A vehicle behind him had closed ground at an accelerated pace. “Someone is behind us,” Kip said. “A car is coming up pretty fast.”
Bruce veered his head in the direction of the lights. The situation was exactly as Kip specified, only worse. The offending car unleashed its LED police lights upon them. “Holy Rizzuto! It’s the fuzz!” yelped Bruce.
“Don’t have a cow. Maybe he’s not after us.”
“And maybe you’re a huckleberry!”
“Should I stop? What do you think he wants?”
“I’m sure he’s not selling tickets to a twi-night doubleheader.”
The cruiser’s crimson lights whirled and its siren pealed. Bruce knew they had no chance to outrun their pursuer. “Just pull over,” he advised. “And try to act calm. I’ll let you do the talking.”
“I wasn’t even going fast.” Kip had already maneuvered his car to the road’s graveled shoulder. “He must know something. We’re gonna get caught.”
“Don’t presume anything. It could be just a routine traffic stop.” Bruce hoped that his optimism proved accurate, but he was already calculating an escape plan as a precaution.
Just because it was after midnight didn’t mean that a uniformed patrolman had to take off his mirrored sunglasses. If the law had a mascot, this officer would’ve fit the suit. His forehead was harder than a truncheon and his jaw squarer than Sponge Bob’s pants. He sauntered toward the Taurus as if he rode upon an unbridled horse rather than a squad car. The cop nibbled on a toothpick like a rat as he inspected the vehicle. When his flashlight’s beacon hit Kip’s face, he knew exactly how to contort his expression to achieve maximum intimidation. He wedged the toothpick in a space between his two front teeth. Kip’s hand cranked the window down; he looked guilty even before warbling a syllable.
“In quite a hurry, aren’t you, buster?”
“I wasn’t speeding,” Kip said. He tried not to appeal to Bruce for confirmation on this claim.
“License, registration, and insurance,” the cop said in monotone.
“Ze papers, ze papers,” Bruce murmured in a mock German accent. He then stretched across the seat and took a gander at the man’s fingers. Meanwhile, Kip tensely fetched the requested documents from his glove box. The patrolman grabbed the credentials with a zealousness that rivaled a guard in the Third Reich. Kip drummed his fingers nervously on the steering wheel as the cop inspected his paperwork. This behavior prompted Bruce to nudge his elbow with his nose.
“May I ask why you pulled me over, officer?”
“You crossed the yellow line about a half mile back,” the cop answered.
“I don’t remember doing that.”
“Maybe you’ve been hittin’ the sauce, Mr. Hinkle. Is that a possibility?” The cop shined his flashlight’s beam into the car’s interior. Bruce almost flaunted a toothy grin, but decided to maintain a low profile instead. Kip denied the officer’s accusation by shaking his head, but the cop seemed resolved on finding something out of order. “Do you have tags for that dog?”
“What? This dog?” Kip pointed inelegantly toward Bruce, who was now posed on the passenger’s seat like a tattered stuffed animal. “He belongs to a friend of mine. I’m bringing him back home.”
“The dog’s not wearing a collar or a leash,” said the cop.
“Does he need those things in the car?”
“Are you gettin’ curt with me?”
“No, sir. I’m just tired and cranky. I’ll make sure I get the dog a collar…and a leash, okay?”
Kip’s obedience was cloying enough to make a lapdog blush. Luckily, Bruce was already trained to deal with blubbering sycophants. The officer continued to peruse the documents, allowing time for Kip to observe the reflection of his own anxiousness in the man’s mirrored lenses.
“Wait here,” the cop commanded. He strutted away from the car looking like he’d need surgery to extract a splintered pylon from his rectum. Once the officer returned to his squad car, Bruce assessed the situation.
“Did you get a good look at that guy? Quick, who does he remind you of?” Bruce asked.
“What’s the difference?”
“He’s the spitting image of Mort Mills.”
“Who the heck is that?”
“He’s that highway patrolman who questioned Janet Leigh in Psycho. He’s got the same sunglasses and scrutinizing stare.”
“How do you know these things? Wait, better question: why do you know these things?”
“I’m a dog, Kip. It’s my unsworn duty to regurgitate trivial crap. But I’ll tell you what isn’t trivial. Our psycho cop has an agenda. Did you eyeball his right hand?”
A vigilant spy would’ve done so, but Kip hinted that he wasn’t quite at that level. “No, was I supposed to notice his hands?”
“Only if you were looking for a chip.”
“Are you saying that he’s working for them?”
Bruce had already scanned the side of the road, which by chance was bordered by a string of pine trees. He then glanced back toward the squad car. “We’re gonna have to make a mad dash for it, Kip,” he said.
“Run? We can’t just run away. That cop knows who I am now. Besides, he’ll catch us.”
“Speak for yourself. He’s waiting for backup. In five minutes, the MUTTS will be on us like bloodhounds on quail, and I’m not talking about politicians who can’t spell ‘potato’ either. Can you run really fast in those pirate boots, bucko?” Kip sensed a bout of dizziness overtaking him again. He clasped the steering wheel with both hands and inhaled deeply.
“Hold on,” Kip said, still breathing abnormally. “I’m feeling a bit of vertigo.”
“Geez laweez, isn’t one Hitchcock reference enough for you tonight?”
“What are you talking about? I…I feel dizzy.”
“Never mind. It’s probably just a glitch in my chip. Are you ready to burn some calories, Scottie?”
“Why’d you call me ‘Scottie’?”
“You’ll find out some day. Why spoil the intrigue?”
Kip hesitated, but the cop still hadn’t returned to the car with his credentials. The longer the officer stalled, the more plausible Bruce’s impulsive theory sounded. Even if the beagle was wrong, Kip couldn’t afford to be right. He grabbed the manila envelope from the backseat and stuffed the map inside it.
“Okay. What do we gotta do?”
“See those trees?” Bruce pivoted his muzzle toward the passenger’s window. “We got to take the scenic route until get to the first drop zone. We’ll lose him in the woods. That copper won’t follow us.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“His shoes are as shiny as black marble. He’s as neutered as I am. The only difference is, he doesn’t know it yet. All fluff but no stuff.”
“I’ll take your word for it. When do we make our move?”
“On the count of E.T.’s fingers, not including his thumb.”
“Is that three?”
“Good boy. We’re almost home. Who needs Elliot and Spell & Speak when I got you?”
Kip counted, and on the agreed number they bolted from the Taurus and bounded toward the camouflage flourishing alongside the roadway. Kip almost stumbled down an embankment, nearly dropping the envelope’s contents in the process. But for a man who ran less often than a bowlegged invalid, he didn’t do too badly in his own estimation. As far as Bruce went, he never broke into a pant. All those yoga videos must’ve taught him something after all.
“C’mon, Kip,” Bruce hollered. “You run slower than Lee Majors in slow motion.”
Eventually, Kip caught up with Bruce, but he was visibly winded. “Hey, I don’t run too shabby for a guy my age, okay?”
“I’ve seen sap drip down the trunk of a maple tree faster.”
Surprisingly, at least from Kip’s point of view, there was no ensuing chase. The cop didn’t even get out of his squad car and fake a charge. About four hundred yards later, Kip stopped and leaned against a sapling that looked about the same width as his body. Bruce spent a few seconds sniffing at the air before he decided that they were at least temporarily outside the range of capture.
“Just give me a minute,” Kip huffed. “I guess I’m not in the best shape of my life. I don’t want to break down on you.”
“If that happens, I don’t even think Oscar Goldman could rebuild you.”
“You know, I’d give you six million dollars if you stopped picking on me.”
“Forget it, Kip,” Bruce said. “But I changed my mind about that cop. He doesn’t remind me of the Psycho patrolman after all. I’m now thinking along the lines of Eric Estrada in the late 70’s and early 80’s, when he played Ponch.”
“The guy from CHiPS?”
“Yeppers. Sort of ironic when you think about it now, huh?”
“I don’t want to think about it.”
“Ah, you’re about as much fun as a tapeworm coiled in barbed wire, you know that?”
At this point Kip wasn’t compelled to debate anything related to television or his personality. He just wanted this night to be over.


Chapter 17


Peg Hinkle had enough bad dates before and since her divorce to compose a tome on the pitfalls of promiscuity. Tonight was no exception. Even Mr. UPS neglected to respond to her drink-and-dial digit-fest. Another failed prospect from the clustered habitat of single town kept her up beyond her normal bedtime. She guzzled a couple glasses of supermarket Chardonnay and even slipped into a diaphanous nightgown to enhance the illusion that something better than a cold mattress awaited upstairs in her bedroom. Fortunately for her, Agent Mason and Oranger made unannounced house calls whenever the need arose. In Peg’s case, the need was long overdue.
Their sedan pulled up in front of her rundown apartment complex a tick after 12:00A.M. A bluish tint illuminated her apartment’s window, leaving little doubt that Peg burned through the midnight oil yet again. Before arriving for what they hoped would’ve resulted in a brief interrogation, Oranger volunteered himself to approach the door alone.
“I don’t remember drawing straws,” Mason said. “Can you tell me why you get to talk to this woman by yourself?”
“You’re a married man, Brick. I’m trying to save you from yourself.”
“Oh, do you think I’m shallower than a pervert? I can talk to a woman without trying to canoodle with her.”
“First of all, I don’t even know what people do when they canoodle. Secondly, your pecker track record speaks for itself. Remember that quiet gal from Pittsburgh?”
“The mime?”
“Yeah. You figured she’d be a safe bet because she didn’t talk in public, right? But look what happened. After her husband, that carnival barker, found out about your little tryst, she squawked more than a parrot on truth serum.” Mason opted not to challenge that valid point. Besides, Oranger had another reason that he found even more legitimate.
“Aside from that, I think women respond openly to war veterans. Maybe it’s our battle scars or sense of duty and honor they respect. At any rate, they prefer a man in uniform.”
“You’re not wearing a uniform, and you’ve never even owned one.”
“Hey, take a walk in my boots before you pass judgment. You don’t know what it’s like to get ambushed by VC in the Cambodian jungles, Brick.”
“No, I don’t, and neither do you, ass-clown.”
“War is Hell, my friend. Pure hell.”
On that solemn note, filched directly from General Sherman’s orations, Agent Oranger exited the car and marched toward Peg’s apartment door. He only twitched a few times before ringing the doorbell. When the door swung open, Oranger’s eyes were treated to a skimpily clad woman who almost looked too sexy to be a skank. She didn’t even flinch upon seeing the tall stranger on her porch stoop. Sometimes wine stripped a woman of her inhibitions, but Peg never used alcohol as an excuse to strip. It didn’t take more than a few smarmy words from a would-be suitor to get her to count ceiling tile. Unfortunately for Oranger, he possessed all the smoothness of a gravel path.
“Good evening, ma’am,” he said, subconsciously channeling the monotone of Sergeant Joe Friday.
“Not yet it isn’t.” Peg slurred while gnawing on the tip of her pinkie.
She was obviously drunk and peered at her visitor like a black widow spider spinning its silken web. She poised in such a suggestive manner against the door’s frame that even Ray Charles standing in a fogbank could’ve seen her coquettish bid for attention. It didn’t matter to her that her target had the complexion of uncooked lasagna. Before asking, Oranger retrieved his wallet from his suit jacket and flashed Peg an official governmental badge; it wasn’t the flash Peg was fetching for.
“Are you a cop or something?” she questioned.
“You might say that. My name is Agent Oranger. Are you Mrs. Hinkle?”
“I’m hoping you’re in the FBI, because my female body needs inspecting.”
“It’s not your lucky day, ma’am. I don’t work for the FBI.”
“Oh, well, you can call me Peg if I can call you stud. We’ll hold each other up.” She already shimmed closer to the agent, deluging him with as much of her milky loins as he was willing to absorb. He couldn’t ignore the hourglass-shaped mole situated on the outer-top of her left thigh. It lured his guppy-like gaze toward her nether regions like a shiny piece of tackle.
“Do you think my little mole is cute?” Peg thrust out her hip like a showroom dancer. “It looks like an hourglass. Do you know what that means?” Her smile was suddenly as painted as a clown’s counterfeit grin.
“Uh, no,” gulped Oranger. He smelled the cut-rate wine on her breath now.
“Tiii--mme is on my side…yes it is,” she sang, sounding like a sick Mick Jagger. “Get it? Isn’t that funny?”
“Not really, ma’am.”
“Ah, with you being an agent, I should’ve known you wouldn’t like moles.”
Oranger’s own humor was similarly bad, but even he remained indifferent to Peg’s witticism. Maybe he wanted to sneak inside the apartment and show Peg his own timepiece, but he knew that Mason watched him like a buzzard scanning for carrion. He simply turned back toward the car and gave Mason a thumbs-up sign. Peg, of course, was desperately vying for something meatier than a thumb.
“You brought your partner, too?” she chimed artfully. “Are you boys hungry? Do you want to come in and make a sandwich with me?” Peg rarely kept any food in her refrigerator.
“Maybe it’s better if we talk outside, ma’am.” Oranger hated himself for turning down a free meal, particularly when recounting how famished he’d become since his last supper. “I just have a few questions for you, if that’s okay?”
Peg’s standoffish posture projected her disapproval. She backed up and cocked her head against the open door in frustration. “What does a gal gotta do to get laid nowadays?” Her question was rhetorical, of course, but Oranger had the answer if she truly sought it:  even the demand for filet mignon diminished if offered for no cost on a buffet table every night.
“Actually,” Oranger proceeded, “I came here to talk to you about your husband.”
“My husband? You mean my ex-husband. We’re divorced.”
“But you lived with Kip Hinkle until recently, correct?”
“Uh-huh.” Peg turned her head toward Oranger and noticed that the one side of his face twitched spasmodically. “Are you doing that on purpose?”
“Doing what?”
“That quirky thing with your face. It’s kind of creepy, yet tantalizing in a twisted way.”
“No. It’s a neurological condition. It happened during Operation Ranch Hand.”
“Were you a cowboy?”
“No. A soldier in Nam.”
“Where’s Nam?”
“Vietnam, ma’am. Southeast Asia. I was in the war.”
“Oh,” remarked Peg. “Were you wounded?”
“Did you ever hear of Agent Orange?”
“I thought you were Agent Orange?”
“No, I’m Agent Oranger. Nobody knew it at the time, or nobody was willing to tell us, but that herbicide caused nerve deterioration.”
“Well, you can’t be too ill then, because you gotta lot of nerve showing up at my place after midnight with no intention of showing me your helmet, soldier boy.” Peg’s humor missed the bull’s eye more often than Stevie Wonder shooting at an archery range.
“Can we get back to your husband?”
“Not much else to say about him,” Peg returned despondently.
“I’m under the impression that you moved out recently. Was he living at your former residence by himself?”
Peg had thrown out more signs than an interpreter for the deaf at a convention for hearing aids, but Oranger proved to be a finicky catch. It was going to take a stronger line to reel him into her sticky net.
“Kip’s lame,” she said. “I really don’t know what he does half the time. Why can’t you just be nice and show me your privates, private?”
“I’m not in the mood for any monkey business.”
“Bananas to that,” she sighed, staring at his bulging crotch. “Your mouth might be saying ‘no,’ but your trousers are saying, ‘Chiquita, Chiquita, Chiquita!’”
Oranger’s inflamed cheeks appeared as red as hot ingots now. His patience was suddenly thinner than her nightgown. “I really want to do this the easy way, ma’am.”
“Is there a hard way? ’Cause I’d prefer it be done like that.”
“I don’t think you would.” Oranger’s eyes narrowed, giving him the countenance of a gritty gumshoe.
“You know,” she cooed, “I’ve heard that a dick and private eye do the same job. They probe for details. Is there any truth to that rumor?”
“I wouldn’t know, ma’am.”
By now Peg’s overuse of double entendre seemed futile. She leaned away from the door and scowled at him. “You’re even lamer than my ex,” she sneered. “I’m so tired of trying to figure out what guys really want. Do you even know yourselves?”
“ESPN. But right now I just need to know whatever you can tell me about your husband’s living arrangement.”
“I think he was renting to somebody, but I didn’t know the guy.”
“A man then?”
“Yeah. Is this guy in some sort of trouble? Did he steal your libido?”
“Let me ask the questions. Do you know anything about this fellow at all?”
“Nope,” Peg grumbled. “Just that he drives a Jeep. That’s it.”
“A Jeep? New or old?”
“How should I know? It looked older. It was yellow, I think. Just like you.”
“When was the last time you saw this Jeep at your ex’s house?”
Peg paused, which falsely made it seem as though she had lent this question polite thought. “Maybe yesterday or the day before. I can’t remember.”
Oranger recorded the fact mentally. He had no reason to suspect that she had any further information worth divulging. When it became clearer than a defoliated forest that Peg had nothing left to offer but her own weedy garden, Oranger bid her goodnight. She couldn’t even muster the energy to hurl the expletives at him that usually summarized most of her encounters with men. When Oranger returned to the car, Mason waited for him with the window open.
“I heard the whole thing,” Mason said. “Why didn’t you take care of the lady? I would’ve waited. An extra two minutes wouldn’t have made any difference at this point.”
Oranger paced around to the driver’s side of the car, adjusting his trousers accordingly before sitting behind the wheel. “I know you may find this hard to believe, Brick, but unlike you, I prefer a little bit of a chase when it comes to bedding women.”
“Right,” Mason simpered. “Like that invalid in the wheelchair you dated a couple years back? Who would’ve ever thought that she’d get away from ya?”
“Hey, don’t talk flack about Tang. She was out of this world, and if it weren’t for that damn hill, she’d still be with me.”
“Never park a paraplegic on an incline, Leif. Your relationship was destined to go downhill from there.”
“What could I do? She wanted to see Alcatraz. That was the best view in town.”
Oranger started the car. By chance or not, the radio was tuned to an oldies station. Tony Bennett crooned, “I left my heart in San Francisco….” Mason decided that now was a good time to leave the subject as well. He already had pulled out his cellphone.
“How many yellow Jeeps do you think are traveling on the roads tonight?” Brick mused.
“I guess we’ll find out soon.”
Oranger then drove away from the complex, trying his best to ignore Peg’s middle finger gesturing in the car’s rearview mirror.


Chapter 18


Kip always imagined himself ambling along the primrose path, but for most of life’s journey he just felt its thorns jabbing him in his ass. By tonight’s example, dashing through a barbed thicket was literally an irritating experience. The bramble patches were in full bloom, lending credence to the fact that it was impossible for Kip and Bruce to dodge the pricks coming at them from all directions on this evening.
The Lehigh River served as a reliable marker and kept them on track; Kip only needed to crouch in the underbrush and check the map once to determine their proximity to the drop zone.
“This route should take us right into Easton’s center square,” Kip said, studying the highlighted map. He looked more confident than normal. He hadn’t felt this sure about anything related to navigation sense meriting a Wilderness Survival Badge in Boy Scouts. 
“You’re speaking Greek,” Bruce said, scratching his side with a hind leg. “Just tell me which way to go. I’m trusting your sense of direction, Magellan.”
Kip stood up and motioned to the city’s infrastructure. “We have to cross that bridge over there. We’re about a half-mile from the site.”
Bruce scanned the bridge’s frame just beyond the camouflage along the river’s bank. He then raised his snout into the air and inhaled deeply. “Hold on a sec. I smell a rat.”
“Is someone following us?” Kip’s poise suddenly plunged into anxiousness. Bruce zeroed in on a shuffling noise in the marshy weeds beside the water. A grungy animal scurried into the river and swam away.
“It’s just a muskrat,” Bruce growled. “Close enough. You ready to motor?”
Kip couldn’t afford to be unprepared now. He tucked the envelope and map under his arm and trudged forward. Bruce almost wanted to chase after the muskrat, but he managed to suppress his instinct for the greater cause. Their stealthy jaunt continued until the wooded environs eventually gave way to an urban sprawl. With nowhere else to hide from pending pursuers, their only course of action was to simply meander onto the pavement and remain as inconspicuous as possible. Of course, there weren’t too many folks dressed in pirate attire out walking a dog at one in the morning.
Crossing the bridge brought them closer to Easton’s square. A Civil War monument was stationed at the center of a bustling business district. Despite the late hour, many people were still out carousing between the trendy bars and restaurants. No one appeared particularly interested in Kip or the beagle, which seemed odd to Bruce.
“Something is afoul,” Bruce said. He sniffed at the air as if there was a fragrance in the breeze that Kip simply couldn’t detect.
“What are you smelling for now?” Kip said.
“Trouble. I don’t see any cops.”
“Isn’t that a good thing?”
“Maybe it’s too good. I’m not getting a clean whiff right now.”
“I always wondered about that,” Kip pondered. “Can a dog really smell trouble before humans sense it?”
“You ask more questions than Alex Trebek.”
“Well, we are in jeopardy, aren’t we?”
If beagles had a knack to grin flagrantly, Bruce would’ve done so. “You’re a pretty witty, dude, Kip. I wouldn’t recommend that you perform any stand-up on the circuit, but you’ve shown some true grit out here tonight so far.”
In order to prove that Bruce’s pop cultural puns were no more impressive than his own, Kip launched into a hyperbolic impersonation of John Wayne, “Well, I’m much obliged that you recognize True Grit, lil’ pilgrim. But I reckon you still didn’t answer me.”
“Figure it out for yourself, Cogburn. Now, where does the map tell us to go next?”
Kip unfolded the map and verified their position before saying, “Two blocks past the State Theatre. There should be a street on the right. That’s where Mark said we’d find the car, and Wint.”
After an abbreviated respite, they moved further along the city’s square (which was architecturally a circle). Finding Northhampton Street presented no problems because the theatre’s marquee stood out among the other weathered facades. The headliner for the theatre for this upcoming weekend was Tom Jones. By the time they walked beneath the sign, Bruce was singing a tune from the crooner’s catalogue.
“What’s new pussy cat? Woah, woah....”
Kip tried to ignore Bruce, but after two verses, he had to say something to shut the dog up. “Okay, I get it. You like Tom Jones. But can you keep your voice down? If we get stopped by anyone, how am I gonna explain that my beagle is singing Burt Bacharach songs?”
“What? You don’t like Tom Jones?”
“He was good…forty years ago. Let’s just leave it at that.”
“Newsflash: he’s still good. When was the last time a stadium packed with writhing, wanton women threw their panties on stage for your perusal?”
“Writhing and wanton? Isn’t that a little bit of an exaggeration?”
“Sorry. Subtly isn’t my strong suit.”
“I agree, but I’ve never been on stage.”
“Well, you’re about to be upstaged, because Mr. Jones is still twirling more panties than a fashion model for Victoria Secrets. Sure, the underwear may be getting a tad granny-ish, but he keeps adding to his collection.”
“If you say so.”
Bruce continued to sing like Tom Jones. All he needed was an open shirt and a gold cross. “Pussy cat, pussy cat, I love you, yes, I do….”
Kip viewed this exchange as nothing other than small talk; perhaps Bruce was deliberately diverting his attention from the predicament in order to subdue his tension. The beagle might’ve trained for such tactics while being programmed by the governmental MUTTS. But they had more urgent matters to mull over at the moment.
“What do you know about this guy named Wint?” Kip asked.
“He’s not so unusual,” Bruce said, “as long as you’re not freaked out by the color green. Personally, it’s not a problem for us dogs.”
“Mark told me I’m supposed to give the disc in this envelope to him.”
“That’s the plan.”
“Then what?”
“Then we take the getaway car and make like its namesake. Weren’t you paying attention earlier?”
“I just don’t know what to believe at this point, Bruce.”
“Look, Kip. I take orders just like you do. All I can tell you about Wint is that he knows a lot of crap that most people don’t give a bleep about.”
“Like what?”
“Why are you putting me on the spot? Do I look like a Dalmatian to you?” Bruce joked. “I don’t know—random stuff, like who invented the sandwich and the name of the guy who botched Kenny Rogers’s plastic surgery.”
“Weren’t they the same person?” Kip quipped. Bruce wagged his tail and would’ve even extended Kip a thumbs-up sign if he had thumbs. “Seriously, I just don’t want to make any mistakes. I’ll take your word for it that this Wint guy is pretty smart.”
“Trust me. He’s so smart that he can tell you why quantum physics is easier to understand than Quantum of Solace.”
“You had me at quantum.”
“Just relax. So far we’re as golden as retrievers.”
The drop zone was discreetly nestled between two tenement buildings on a street regularly reserved for truck deliveries. A few cars and unhitched trailers were parked curbside, but there weren’t any visible people snooping around. Other than a feral cat rummaging through an overstuffed trash container, the vicinity was quiet and rather ordinary. It didn’t occur to Kip until this moment, but he had forgotten to ask Mark what make and model vehicle to search for. Of course, any such guesswork became unnecessary after Bruce espied a very angular figure lingering in shadow beside a partially rusted 1968 VW Beetle.
“That’s gotta be him,” Bruce said, beckoning toward the lone man. “I’d recognize his green gabardine get-up anywhere.” True enough, few men would’ve sported a pea-colored trench coat. Wint looked like a blade of grass jutting from the concrete. Before his defection from the MUTTS, he was a crackerjack tech guy. His job consisted of translating and recording the data collected from the Class IV microchips. Somewhere along the way, Wint’s conscience revved into overdrive and he wanted to pull out. But just as Mark callously discovered, the only way to motor away from the MUTTS was to take a permanent vacation from life.
Wint never made any apologies for his colorful threads. He was especially fond of his mint green derby that he nudged down over a crease in his forehead to cast a blindfold-sized shadow across his eyes. A comparison between him and The Green Hornet couldn’t be overlooked, and some wondered if that masked vigilante was the inspiration behind his motif. Bruce, of course, had already made up his mind on this matter.
“When it comes to Wint’s wardrobe, the color green really is forever,” he jested to Kip.
“Sort of like diamonds,” Kip added.
 “Come on, let’s get this over with.” They shifted closer to the beige hatchback. Bruce didn’t look too keen on the choice of vehicle either. “I never liked Beetles,” he complained. “That was the Fuhrer’s brainchild.” At this point, Kip didn’t care if their mode of transportation once belonged to Attila the Hun. The little car looked like a limousine from his perspective.
Kip wasn’t sure how to broach the topic with Wint. The man’s temperament was cooler than an ice sickle. Seeing the manila envelope in Kip’s hands proved sufficient for the man in green.
“Mark didn’t mention to me that he was sending Long John Silver,” Wint grunted. The man’s upper lip had a curl in its edge that rivaled Elvis’s hallmark sneer, and he sounded like Inspector Harry Callahan. “Did you bring the disc?”
“Of course, Wint,” Bruce answered for Kip.
“I prefer Winter Greene.”
“But I’m partial to spearmint,” Bruce said. “Anyway, meeting you is like gargling with mouthwash. You’re always such a breath of fresh air.”
“Yeah.” Apparently, Wint didn’t major in puns at tech school. He held out one of his gloved hands and beckoned for what he needed. Kip retrieved the DVD from the dossier and exchanged it for the Beetle’s ignition key.
“You couldn’t get us anything sportier than this heap of scrap iron?” Bruce said, peering at the distressed Volkswagen. 
“What were you expecting, a stealth glider? It’s the best I could do on such short notice.”
 Bruce stood up on his hind legs and inspected the car’s interior. He singled out one peculiar feature. “Hey, this car doesn’t have a passenger seat.”
“That’s right,” Wint explained. “This vehicle once belonged to a member of Ted Bundy’s fan club. He wanted a replica.”
“No bleep? Ted Bundy actually had a fan club?”
“I don’t get it,” Kip interjected. “Are you talking about Ted Bundy, the serial killer? He drove a Beetle?” Wint nodded and stuffed the disc in a pocket on the inside of his trench coat. “I just never pictured a guy like that driving a car like this.”
“What’d expect? Maniacal psychopaths don’t usually drive hearses when hunting for their victims,” Wint commented. “That’s what makes them hard to catch.”
“Why did he take the passenger seat out?”
Bruce and Wint groaned simultaneously. Kip probably could’ve figured out why Bundy’s passengers didn’t complain about comfort, but maybe the thought was just too grim to contemplate.
“Let’s just say he wanted plenty of leg room,” Bruce said.
“Yeah,” Wint added, “but not for his own legs.”
Kip decided to check out the rest of the car for himself. After circling the vehicle once, he noticed the Beetle’s rear vanity plate. It read: CURZON 12. He knew it signified something clandestine, but he decided not to investigate.
“The guy who owned this car must’ve been to a real freak of nature,” Kip said. “I don’t know if I feel right driving it, but I guess I don’t got a choice, huh?”
Wint refused to answer illogical questions; under the circumstances, Kip would have to deal with the transportation at hand. “Nobody said we were gonna have first class accommodations,” Bruce reminded him. Further prodding wasn’t necessary in order to lure Kip behind the steering wheel, but just in case, the beagle offered a more Disney-like analogy. “Just think of the car as if it was Herbie, with a little extra kick to it.”
“I’m never going to forget this night,” Kip sighed as he opened the passenger door and let Bruce hop inside. Wint paced around to the driver’s side door and motioned for Kip to roll down the window.
“I guess this is where we say goodbye,” Kip said. “Will we be crossing paths again at the next drop zone?”
“Not if everything goes as planned,” Wint said. “You’re on your own from this point. I’m sure Mark gave you all the details.”
“Not all of them,” Bruce piped in. “What’s CURZON 12 mean?”
“You noticed the car’s plate too?” Kip said to Bruce.
“It’s not amateur night. I notice everything.”
Wint grinned mischievously and leaned in closer to Kip. At this range, Kip noticed that even the man’s eyes were the color of martini olives. They appeared both shaken and stirred as he pondered his next thought.
“I wasn’t going to let you leave here without telling you,” Wint admitted.
“Is it important?” Kip asked.
Wint shrugged his shoulders. “Depends on what you think is important.”
“I think I’d like to know,” Kip said.
“Would you also like to know that Clint Eastwood is an anagram for ‘old west action’?
“No, I don’t want to know random things. I’m just curious about Curzon 12.”
“You really are greener than my coat,” Wint smirked. “But here’s a morsel of insight to whet to your appetite: Curzon is a name of a street in England. The number 12 is an address on that particular street. Is the picture getting any clearer yet?”
“It’s still foggier than a London morning on The Thames from where I’m sitting,” answered Kip.
“I told you he knows things most people don’t think about,” Bruce muttered.
Wint cast the bait like a master linesman. Now, with his prey hooked, he reeled him like Captain Quint on the bridge of the Orca. “You ever hear of Mama Cass?” he said in his Dirty Harry-like tone.
“Cass Elliot? The folk singer?” Kip asked.
“Yeah. Well, in July of 1974, she died at the age of 32 in an apartment building in London—12 Curzon Place.” Naturally, Kip appeared puzzled by this bit of casual trivia, but he couldn’t say that Bruce didn’t warn him.
“That’s it?” Kip asked. “No connection to Bundy?”
“None whatsoever. But I’m not finished,” Wint stated. “Five years later, in the exact same flat on Curzon, guess who also turned toes up at the age of 32?”
“Who?”
“Close, but guess?”
“John Denver?” Bruce interjected.
“No. He left us after a plane crash in 97.”
“I know who it was,” Kip said. “He was the drummer from The Who, right?”
“His name was Keith Moon,” Wint said. “You may not be as callow as you look, Kip.”
“Gee, thanks, Wint. Your perceptiveness overwhelms me.”
“I got one question,” Bruce interrupted. “Which one of them choked to death on a ham sandwich?”
“Neither,” Wint clarified. “It’s a myth that Mama Cass died while eating a sandwich in bed. You can blame that rumor on the investigating doctor. His name was Greenbugh.”
Kip and Bruce couldn’t help but make the connection between this doctor’s name and Wint’s choice of attire. Before this banter went any further, the obvious question had to be asked, so Kip served it up to Wint like a lead balloon. “Look, I like cultural trivia as much as the next guy, or at least as much as Bruce, but what does any of this information have to do with what we’re doing here tonight?”
Wint scrunched up his nose, as he often did when pensively brooding over something that troubled him.  “Let me ask you something?” he said to Kip. “Are you the kind of guy who skips foreplay and gets right to the main event?”
“What kind of question is that?” Kip sounded generally offended.
“Bruce,” Wint suggested, “you better tell this minuteman that the Revolutionary War ended over two hundred years ago. Powder balls are passé. Long range rifles win battles nowadays, Kip.”
“Personally, I like a little buildup,” Bruce exclaimed. “All that mounting and dismounting doesn’t amount to much.”
“Pardon me,” Kip said to Bruce. “I’m just trying to get to the bottom of things.”
“Well, if you want to get to the bottom,” Bruce stated, “start from the top and lick your way down.”
“Just forget I asked,” Kip sighed. “I thought we were on a serious mission for a second. What was I thinking?”
With Wint’s odd job now done, he slipped back into the shadows and flickered like a strobe of light on a lawn in West Egg. Kip sat motionless behind the steering wheel for a moment, peering at Bruce as if to wonder if any of this interaction was authentic. Of course, the fact that he turned to consult with a loquacious beagle undermined the credibility of a well-crafted ruse.
“I wonder if Wint’s bowler hat has a chakram in its a brim?” Bruce pondered.
“Who knows? Just please tell me I don’t look like Ted Bundy right now,” Kip groaned.
“Not at all, Old Sport,” Bruce assured him. “Bundy was much cuter than you. I was thinking more along the lines of John Wayne Gacy, without the extra belly rolls and sadistic clown makeup of course.”
By now Kip understood Bruce’s motivations, and these repetitive jabs were most likely designed to toughen the man’s disposition in case an actual threat hampered their progress. A 1968 Beetle may have not been the best or even least conspicuous choice for the task, but they were edging toward their destination ahead of schedule.


Chapter 19


Mark Flyer had hitched his reputation invisibly on good fortune’s coattails most of his life. Until his recent defection from the MUTTS, the fabric of infallibility fit him like a tailored suit. But even he knew that his seam of stealth started to fray at some point on tonight’s expedition. He had planned to meet Wint by 3:00 A.M. in the vicinity of an abandoned mineshaft in northern New Jersey. From here, the men aimed to disseminate the DVD’s contents to the public from an unfiltered interface. Wint set up the makeshift tech lab two days beforehand amidst the beveled landscape known as Cow Belly.
Up until now, Mark’s progress remained unimpeded along the back roads leading toward and through Pennsylvania’s state line. Experience should’ve told him that when things seemed too calm, a shit storm most likely loomed on the horizon. Within five minutes after merging onto Route 46 into the township of Mine Hill, the whirling lights of at least four police cars lit up in the Jeep’s rearview mirror. The number of squad cars in pursuit of him verified that this wasn’t just an ordinary traffic stop. Mark was being chased, and he had no intention of passively submitting to those who wanted him in custody.
Had this been an off-road track, the smart money would’ve been placed on Mark’s odds of averting the authorities in his Jeep. But on unblemished blacktop, the Wrangler’s engine simply didn’t house the muscle to outmaneuver these sleek cruisers. Within seconds, the swirling blue and red lights encompassed the Jeep, causing Mark to search in vain for an alternate pathway. His bid to escape was feeble at best. In a moment of desperation, he swerved the vehicle across a two lanes of traffic and careened into a neighboring schoolyard. The rain-sodden earth quickly turned into more foe than friend. The Jeep’s wheel sputtered in the grass and rendered it immobile as the police closed in on all sides. Sometimes the smart money turned out to be a dunce.
Regrets, like unsettled debts, tallied up into detriments in the long run. Right now, Mark figured he’d sprint to the nearest wood line and test his marathon prowess on the sloping terrain that the township’s old iron mines left behind. But minus the stamina to outpace five fleet-footed do-gooders, Mark soon found no other recourse but to surrender. But some of the overzealous policemen, who probably hadn’t seen this much action since T.J. Hooker got cancelled, decided now was as good as opportunity as any to tryout their newly funded Tasers.
Although Mark had submissively held up his hands, he suspected that the officers had already received their orders. “Don’t move!” one of them screamed. It was of course mandatory for anyone in law enforcement to shout such a command, even when standing within two feet of an alleged perpetrator. Mark stood as motionless as a manikin, but inconvenient technicalities were routinely altered in the paperwork phase of unjustified arrests. The officers’ trigger fingers itched as if they were infected with poison ivy. Mark already assessed what was coming next.
“I suppose this is where I say, ‘Don’t tase me, bro’?” he joked.
Officer Kerry, who recently transferred from a college campus in Florida, never paid much attention to irony during his literature courses. Without cracking a smile, he fired a single charge from his Taser, hitting his target in the chest. Mark subsequently toppled to the ground like a wet bag of cement. 
“I got him,” Kerry congratulated himself. “Look at him quiver. He’s out cold.”
“Hooty will be pleased,” said another cop. “We’ll let him handle this from here.”
When Mark finally regained consciousness, he expected to be staring up into the fluorescent glare of hospital lights or a jail cell. Instead, he opened his eyes to focus on a macaw’s intrusive gaze. It took him a few moments to realize that he had been kidnapped and detained in the back of a plush automobile, with his ankles and wrists bound in enough duct tape to clog a leak. Nepo stared at him as if his face was a bed of unused newspaper cage liner. Molek’s imposing voice prevented things from getting too messy.
“Comfy?” the podgy hippie chortled.
“Where am I?” Mark asked.
“You don’t even want to venture a guess?” Molek welcomed Nepo back onto his bent knees in the car’s front seat. As formerly instructed, Hics was already pacing around outside the Caddy, attempting to hold his breath in short intervals.
“The mobile Ministry of Love?” Mark said, mockingly.
“Oh, you always were the witty one, weren’t you, Mr. Flyer?”
“At least since 1984.”
Molek’s amusement, of course, was as short-lived as any villain who guffawed when coordinating terror. He allowed Nepo to get adjusted on his lap. The macaw nestled up on his fleshy thighs like a cat and hissed in Mark’s general direction.
“It seems that my birdie doesn’t appreciate defectors,” Molek said.
“Fortunately, I care more about the dump I took yesterday than I do for your New World parrot,” Mark returned. By this time, Mark was fully aware of his predicament. He noticed his hands were knotted together to the point where his circulation was compromised.
“Untie me,” he said. Of course, Mark’s reflexive command was met with yet another capricious chuckle from his captor.
“In time, I will accommodate you,” Molek assured. “But for now, I think I’ll get more cooperation from you while you’re sitting here in limbo.”
Mark elected not to squander any energy by trying to squirm out of the coiled tape. In real life, duct tape held firmer than most relationships. Instead, he leaned his body casually against the car’s backseat with the intention of becoming more pigheaded than a wild boar.
“So what lured you out of the redwoods of California, Hooty? Are they having another Woodstock celebration?”
“Your humor is dull, Mr. Flyer. But, for the record, I in fact attended the original Woodstock festival in August of 69.”
“At least I know why you consider me a bore. Pigs like mud.”
“I sense that you’re going to be hard to handle.”
“You should’ve stayed in the Grove. You’re not getting any information out of me. Consider Operation FIDO euthanized.”
“I’ve always admired you rebellious nature. It’s a virtue that made you such an impressive agent. However, sometimes a man unwillingly permits his virtue to become his vice. I hate to be the wicked messenger, but I anticipated such insubordination before I caught up with you tonight.”
“You can do whatever you want to me,” Mark said. “It’s not going to stop anything.”
“I’ve already had you searched, as well as your Jeep. We can avoid a lot of unnecessary manipulation if you fess up right now. Where is your newest assistant bringing the beagle and what have you done with the disc?”
“I’ve got nothing to say to you, Hooty.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t be too sure about that.” Molek then gestured for Mark to inspect his right hand. In addition to the tape entwined on his wrists, Mark perceived a round piece of gauze and Band-Aid affixed to the flesh between his thumb and index finger. Both of them knew the implications of this superficial wound.
“You’ve chipped me,” Mark gasped.
“Personally, no. I don’t partake in even the simplest of surgeries,” Molek said. “But the officers who brought you here have been trained by their superiors to comply with my orders precisely.”
“Pull it out! Pull it out now, you moron!”
“You’re bringing back such conjugal memories. My ex-wife used to say those exact words to me when we were in bed together.”
“Maybe she didn’t like sleeping with a stoner the size of a boulder.”
“Sticks and stones, Mr. Flyer. Sticks and stones.”
“More like Skull and Bones. Your chips won’t work on me! I guarantee it.”
“Are we negotiating now? I seem to detect a hint of urgency in your voice.”
Mark wrestled with his restraints mechanically, but this was simply an instinct for survival on his behalf. He knew he was more screwed than a horde of prostitutes at a bargain-rate brothel. Molek continued to stroke his macaw’s feathers, tracing alphabetical letters on her back. Nepo sometimes liked to guess the shapes he drew.
“You’ll never be able to control me,” Mark said. “My mind is too strong. It’s as clamped as a steel trap.”
“Well, I’ll confess that our methods may not be as intrusive as O’Brien’s in Room 101, but I’m so pleased with the Agency’s progress thus far. After implantation into the host, the RFID V microchip takes about 30 minutes before it fully assimilates with your central nervous system. Henceforth, I will sway all of your thoughts and actions. In other words, you will become my proverbial bitch with a simple twist of fate.”
“Let me go, Molek. There’s still time for you to do the smart thing. They’re pulling your strings. In the end, you’re just another puppet like me. When they’re done using you, they’ll get rid of you and your prattling parrot.”
Nepo squawked again at Mark, even going as far to take a phantom swipe at his face with her talon. “You’re making this very personal,” warned the macaw. “Are you so intent on winning that you’re willing to die to save the life of a mangy dog?”
Mark didn’t flinch upon hearing the talking bird. He realized that Molek had harvested the power of the Class V transponders shortly after hacking into his computer. 
“If you’re looking for a stool pigeon, you’ve rattled the wrong cage,” Mark said.
“Such gusto for a man in your predicament,” Nepo cawed. “Did you really think that you’d be able to elude us? No one escapes from the Agency.”
Mark ignored Nepo. His rational was straightforward; he didn’t converse directly with birds. Instead, he centered his aggravation on Molek. “It’s got to end, Hooty. Sooner or later, you’ll understand that your Orwellian ways won’t fly in America.”
“I like to think of them as Owl-wellian,” Molek snickered. Nepo appreciated this pun. She always shook her head like a maraca when amused. “Mr. Flyer, out of sheer respect for the services you’ve already rendered for our establishment, I’ve kept you alive thus far. I’d rather have you tagged than fall into a league of second-rate conspiracy theorists. Do you wish to be laughed at by anyone of status for the rest of your life?”
“Someone has to warn the public. I can’t let it continue.”
“Well, it’s unfortunate that you won’t be making such choices much longer. At least not consciously,” Molek said. He then glanced at his wristwatch. The watch’s big hand was on the owl’s beak. “In ten minutes or so, your mind will become as malleable as wet putty. I’ll sculpt you into the informant I need you to become. And when I no longer require your limited insight, I’ll see to it that you are issued a burial that is befitting of a traitor.”
“My death won’t prevent anything,” Mark said. “There are others who know about your scheme. Give up while you still can.”
Molek laughed at Mark’s expense, before addressing his guileful bird. “Are you listening to this delusional fool? He actually still believes he has the upper hand, but I know I have his right hand, and soon his whole brain.”
“He’s beginning to perturb me,” Nepo responded.
“Yes. I agree,” Molek said. He then returned his attention to Mark. “These ‘others’, as you’ve called them, will soon meet a similar end as you. Rest assured, Mr. Greene and Dr. Wells will soon know that death doesn’t have any mercy. And the most satisfying aspect of my boast is that you will be largely responsible for their demise.”
“What did the powers-that-be promise you, Hooty? Do you get to keep petting the pretty bird?”
“Watch out,” Nepo admonished Mark from the safety of his corpulent companion’s lap. “Or you shall experience firsthand how pernicious I can be.”
“She’s not as peaceful as a dove. I’d be careful not to insult her as flagrantly as you do me,” Molek said. “We’re not so diabolical. In truth, we want what’s best for the people of our world.”
“Our world? Interesting phrasing, Hooty, but this planet doesn’t belong to you or anyone else. We belong to it.”
“Point taken, but someone must act as Earth’s caretakers, and you couldn’t expect such responsibility to be left in the clutches of common troglodytes, correct? We recruit only the boldest and brightest minds to propagate our species, Mr. Flyer. Unfortunately, there isn’t room for proletarians in the echelon where I keep company. So what must we do to ensure that we survive and remain at the top of the food chain?”
Mark eyes gradually sunk to his wounded hand before he uttered, “Eat your own, I suspect. You want a society of robots, where all original thought and passion is erased.”
“Well,” Hooty explained. “If we could somehow foster a breed of people that were as grateful as dogs in their dispositions, your midnight getaway wouldn’t have been necessary. But as you’ve already demonstrated, people can’t be trusted. They’ll bite their master’s hand if hungry for recognition. So we must ultimately decide what to do with the masses. Others in history have shown far less humane methods when dealing with undesirables. I believe we’ve come to a compromise that allows most humans to live, albeit within the perimeters that need not concern them.”
“I’d rather be dead than become your mind slave!”
“Yes, and there certainly will come a time when that will be arranged, Mr. Flyer. Unfortunately, we can’t salvage everyone. For the sake of the human race, there must be inevitable sacrifices.”
“Anyone who challenges the system. These people are your greatest threat!”
“You see how brilliant you are? It’s a shame that you’re so obstinate. We could’ve used a brain like yours within our ranks. But why fret over the way you do the things you do, right? We can only move forward from here.”
“You call this progress?”
“We call it change, Mr. Flyer. And those who refuse to adapt to the New World Order will become part of an odd little place in our society.”
Mark didn’t wish to show desperation, but he sensed his thoughts fading, shifting to a realm where he could no longer construct a logical objection. Soon the cult of personality would’ve seemed like an appropriate solution to independent thought. The man who he was could not exist as he once had before.


Chapter 20


For those native to the Garden State, spotting an aluminum-plated diner alongside a highway was as common as observing a traffic light at an intersection. It shouldn’t have surprised Kip that Mark selected such a communal location as the second drop zone. In reality, it was a jerkwater truck stop just off Route 80. Swampland surrounded the greasy spoon on three of its sides, but it seemed conveniently reserved for the big rigs parked in its gravel lot at all hours on any given day. This camper-sized dwelling’s red roof reminded Kip of a childhood haunt, where he often shared French fries and brown gravy with his father in an old Silk City Diner in Roxbury, New Jersey.
“I just got déjà vu,” Kip said as he pulled the Beetle into a parking spot next to a semi-trailer truck, replete with naked-lady-shaped mud flaps.
“Well, don’t give it to me,” Bruce said. “I don’t think I’ve had all my shots.”
“Seriously, this reminds of a place I used to go with my dad when I was a kid. It was called Tom’s Diner. I was there on the morning Cindy Lauper filmed a music video back in the 80’s.”
“Nice, but let’s not wax nostalgic just yet,” Bruce advised.
“What? You don’t like her song Time After Time?”
“Hearing it one time was enough for a lifetime.”
“You’re not the romantic type, are you?”
“Kip, I’d lick my own nut sack if I had one. I’m not replacing Fabio for Harlequin fiction covers either. Does that sum it up for ya?”
“I guess it does.”
Sunlight smeared its imprint into the morning clouds, and most of the early morning truckers were primed for their coffee and runny eggs. A neon-framed shingle buzzed like a bug zapper on top of the eatery. The sign read: BIG RED’S DINER. Kip referred to the markings on the map to make sure he had the right location. Of course, there wasn’t too much of a chance of a chain of such restaurants existing in this region.
“Well, it looks like this is the right spot,” Kip declared. “For a place that’s swamped, Big Red’s doesn’t look too busy this morning.” Kip humor was sometimes more off base than a shortstop on a football field.
Bruce poked his snout out the car’s open window and sniffed the air. It smelled like a combination of melted butter and hamburger grease. The beagle intuitively licked his chops, but he still had reservations about getting out of the car.
“I love the smell of lard in the morning,” Bruce sneered.
“You must be starved. I’m kind of hungry myself,” Kip debated. He then remembered the money stashed in the dossier. “We’ve got enough cash to get some food.”
“Don’t quote me, but I don’t think they’ll serve my kind in there.”
“No problem. I’ll get the grub and bring it out to you.” Kip then recalled that Mark specifically suggested that Bruce only eat dry food, which pretty much excluded most entrees on a diner’s menu. “Uh, I’m not sure what a dog eats that’ll be healthy from here though.”
“Are you pulling my chain? Do I look like the Subway guy to you? I’ll take a double cheeseburger and fries, hold the onion.”
Kip grabbed a twenty-dollar bill from the envelope and stuffed it in his pirate pants. He then realized that he wasn’t exactly dressed to blend in with the flannel and blue jean crowd that awaited him inside of Big Red’s.
“Maybe this isn’t such a good idea,” Kip thought.
“What are you so worried about?”
“Look at me, Bruce. I’m dressed like one of the Wiggles. Those guys in there won’t know what to make of me.”
Bruce never claimed to be diplomatic, but he couldn’t pass up a chance to scarf down an artery-clogging pound of red meat without employing some tact. “Kip, if dressing like a pirate is good enough for Depp, it’s good enough for you. The way I see it, although we’re deep enough in the sticks to roast smores by a campfire, those boys in there don’t know a marshmallow from a graham cracker.”
“I’m trying to ignore you now, okay?”
“Well, unless you start hearing Dueling Banjos and run into a mountain man in suspenders, you’ve got no reason to clench your butt cheeks.”
“What, are you Ned Beatty’s agent all of a sudden?”
“Just get me my burger, or you’ll be squealing like a pig too.”
Kip opened the car door, shaking his head in wonder. “Where did I ever find you?” he asked the beagle as he exited the car.
“In your bedroom, remember?”
“Yeah,” Kip replied. He closed the car door and straightened the ruffles on his oversized shirt. “I just keep thinking this is a bad dream that I can’t wake up from.”
Bruce smiled as only a beagle could. He then scratched at his pelt before he said, “Get some extra ketchup while you’re in there, too.”
“Anything else, your majesty?”
“Nah,” Bruce said. He then changed his voice to sound like a southern man straight out of the backwoods of Georgia. “But when they start demanding some secret service, show them your pertty mouth.”
“In case you didn’t know,” Kip said, “you’re a royal pain in my ass.”
“If you see John Voight tied to a tree, run for the hills or you’ll find out what a pain in the bleep really feels like,” Bruce advised.
Kip learned that sometimes it was best to say nothing; this was one of those occasions. He ambled in the front entrance like the Stranger swinging open a saloon’s doors. If this was indeed the backdrop to a spaghetti western, Kip suddenly felt like the lone meatball. The three bumpkins hunkered around a counter and leered at him as if he let in a rank wind. Big Red’s interior appeared exactly as he remembered Tom’s Diner. Two guys, who looked more like defensive linesmen than truckers, squatted on stools; another older man sat in a vinyl-covered booth. The grill’s greasy fumes lingering in the air felt thick enough to wear as a sunscreen.
Another ursine-sized figure labored behind the counter encapsulated in a plume of sausage smoke. His face and arms were layered with more red hair than an orangutan. In one hand he held a spatula; in the other a cigar stub smoldered. By process of elimination, Kip figured that this fellow must’ve been the owner.
“Hey, buddy,” the lummox bellowed at Kip, “Did yer ship come in yet?”
Kip anticipated at least one rude comment at his expense, but it could’ve been worse. He just nodded politely at the yokel with an 80’s haircut, before approaching the counter. The man in the apron and football jersey with the number 47, lumbered over to him, trying to withhold his sarcasm, but that was slipperier than a film of oil plastered on his wart-clustered nose.
“How you doing? You must be Big Red, huh?” Kip asked.
“I’m doin’ dandy, but I’m not Big Red,” the big man clarified.
“Oh, I just assumed….”
“Me name’s Wrigley, like the gum. If yer lookin’ for BR, he’s sittin’ right behind ya.” The beefy fry cook motioned to the most diminutive man on the premises. He was as hairless as an iguana, hunched over like Quasimodo fixing a sink, and wearing a discolored Chicago Cubs baseball cap. Big Red looked like he was chewed up and spit out by the jaws of decrepitude back when “Mr. Cub” was still playing shortstop.
“That’s Big Red?” Kip asked in disbelief. “Well, you know what they say about a book and its cover, right?”
“I don’t reckon I does,” Wrigley replied.
The fact that these men were in northern New Jersey yet speaking in a broken southern dialect confused Kip, but it was a topic he broached with a little credent humor.
“Do you fellows live down by the bayou?”
“Na, Weez all livin’ straight,” answered the dumbest of the four men.
“It’s a might early for Hallows Eve, ain’t it, mister?” another man in dungarees asked. He faked a smile that looked like a picket fence hit by a backhoe.
“It’s a long story,” Kip said, pivoting toward Wrigley. “Can I just order some food?”
The crimson-bearded cook crammed his cigarette in his mouth and scratched a boil festering on the side of his neck. “That’s what they pay me fer,” he uttered. Kip almost begged the guy to slip a pair of plastic gloves on before handling his food, but such a request would’ve surely merited a string of insults from the other patrons.
“A couple of cheeseburgers and two orders of fries should do it,” Kip said. “I’ll take it to go.”
“I bet ya will,” the straggly-haired trucker murmured while slurping from a mug of coffee.
Kip pretended not to hear the oaf. It was a general rule of common sense to avoid bickering with a fellow who had fewer teeth than a hobo with gingivitis. Such men had nothing to lose. Waiting for Wrigley to finish frying the burgers seemed more drawn out than watching a kettle of water boil in muted sunlight. Kip was getting anxious as the truckers encircled him like buzzards hovering over fresh road kill.
As Wrigley grilled the burgers, Kip took a casual glance at the man’s left forearm. The cook had a remarkably detailed tattoo of a famous actor in a white tuxedo from the 1970s. “Hey,” Kip questioned, “I don’t mean to pry, but is that a tattoo of Herve Villechaize?”
Wrigley glanced at his own arm and shrugged his shoulders. “Beats the yoke at of me. I woke up with it one morning after drinkin’ too much tequila in Tijuana.”
“A tattoo of Tattoo,” Kip said. “Clever, if intentional. Who was the artist?”
“Jist some fella named Roarke. That’s all I’s can recount.” 
“Yer not from ’round these parts, are ya, boy?” Big Red asked from his stooped position. He appeared to be untangling a wad of fishing line on the tabletop.
“I grew up in Morris County,” Kip said. “Maybe about thirty minutes from here. You know where Succasunna is?”
“Suck a what?” Wrigley asked from behind the sizzling grill.
“Never mind,” Kip said. “It’s just a small town.”
The mullet-headed trucker snickered hoarsely and said to Wrigley, “I believe he told ya to suck on something, Wrigs.”
Kip chuckled nervously, “Oh, come on. I would never say that,” he said. Wrigley had been known to hack gobs of sour spittle into people’s food when they burrowed under his skin, but he decided to give Kip some leeway in this instance.
“Ya traveling here to visit yer folks?” Wrigley asked as he flipped the searing burgers with his spatula.
“Not exactly,” Kip replied.
“Eatin’ for two, boy?” Big Red interjected.
“Nope. It’s just for my dog and me. We’re on a road trip, so to speak.”
“What kinda dawg?” the hillbilly asked.
“Just a beagle.”
“Where ya headin’?”
Kip wasn’t sure how much information to divulge to a random posse of soiled truckers, but he guessed that saying any more than what he already volunteered was way too gratuitous. “Oh, you know how these sort of excursions go. You just hop on the road and keep driving until something tickles your fancy.”
“I haven’t had my fancy tickled since my wife ran off with the Maytag man,” one of the bumpkins grunted. Kip almost acknowledged the man’s disgust, but then reconsidered. He remained quiet until Wrigley finished his order and stuffed the chow in a brown paper bag.
“That’ll be twelve-fifty,” Wrigley said, holding out a gritty palm, which had the circumference and texture of the Bambino’s baseball mitt. “We only take cash here.”
“Smells great,” Kip chimed. “I never realized how much I missed junk food until I stopped eating it all the time.” Kip reached into his pocket and pulled out a twenty. He flicked the bill on the counter beside his order. Wrigley levied the money and grinned like a Catholic schoolboy with mirrored shoes.
“Ya travelin’ folks always tip real nice,” Wrigley declared. “Much obliged.”
If Kip thought to ask for change, he altered his tune faster than a defective piano. “No problem. I like to keep the locals in business whenever I can.”
“Yer a downright hospitable man,” Big Red noted.
Kip picked up the bag from the counter, but when he turned toward the exit, he noticed the two behemoths blocking his path. They had their arms crossed in front of their bodies and suddenly appeared as unmovable as Pittsburgh’s Steel Curtain. Big Red set his fishing string on the table and glowed with an aura of satisfaction.
“Hubba and Bubba don’t want ya to go jist yet,” Big Red said.
“Sorry,” Kip said, while awkwardly trying to squeeze past the brutes. It was then that he noticed scar tissue between the thumb and index fingers on their hands. “I’d love to stay, but the highway beckons. Besides, my dog’s sort of hungry.”
Hubba, the one with a hairstyle like Billy Ray Cyrus in the early 90s, gripped Kip’s shoulder with the force of a vise. “I reckon it’s best if ya sit down next to BR,” he advised. Kip got the immediate impression that Hubba encountered the word ‘no’ less often than Raquel Welch in her prime.
“Look, I don’t want any trouble. Can I just leave, please?”
Bubba laughed wickedly, because that’s what big, ugly goons did when confronting those whom they could squash like gnats on a windshield.
“Ya best talk with BR,” Bubba grimaced. His teeth looked like the character Jaws from The Spy Who Loved Me, minus the metal. At closer range, this hulk had more pits in his face than low-grade watermelon. Kip figured he had two options: either sit as directed or get pounded submissively into the booth with Big Red. He chose the latter.
After Kip slid in the booth across from the arch-backed proprietor, he smelled a faint odor of cinnamon tobacco. Big Red kept a Styrofoam cup half full of tobacco juice on the table. Every so often he’d squirt the brown spittle between his tawny teeth like a cobra spewing venom at its prey. In this case, he glared at Kip as if he was a mongoose.
“Ya sure don’t make a good spy gussied up like a dang pirate,” Big Red criticized.
“Mr. Red, I’m not sure exactly what you want, but I’m kind of in a rush.”
“And I’m kinda not givin’ a possum’s shit ’bout yer predicament,” BR said.
“Do you normally hold your customers hostage?” Kip exercised a little suppressed sarcasm with this question, but Hubba answered it earnestly.
“Weez bury the ones we don’t take a liking to out back ’neath the willows.”
“Me and my boys speak a might gruff at times,” admitted BR. “Ye’ll have to pardon our crude etiquette.” By now, Kip had already distinguished that Big Red shared the same hand wound as Hubba and Bubba. Wrigley, no doubt, had also been branded with a microchip. He wobbled out from behind the counter, hauling what appeared to be three hundred pounds of red wool on his back. He stood behind the other men and pressed up against the door, serving as a goalie in the off chance that Kip attempted an act of valor.
“The way we hears it,” Wrigley said to Kip, “there’s a hefty bounty on yer head. Weez keep a scanner back by the grill. Not too many buckaroos roamin’ ’round these here parts. Ya stick out like a prickly weed in a freshly mulched garden.”
“You mean ‘buccaneer’, not ‘buckaroo’. A buckaroo is a cowboy.” Kip corrected his new adversary. “ Do I look like a cowboy to you?”
“Ye kinda did when ya ambled on in here, lookin’ like Shame or somt-in.”
“It’s Shane, not ‘shame’.” Kip almost asked Wrigley as if he grew up in a cave, but that might’ve hit closer to the mark than he intended.
Wrigley popped his plump knuckles by squeezing his hands together. “Don’t be cuttin’ wise with me. If I says yer a buckaroo, then that’s what ye’ll be.”
“Best not to git Wrigs miffed,” Hubba warned Kip. “Last fella who got ’em riled a’nuff ended up passin’ a cue ball from his tail end up.”
Note to self, Kip thought: Don’t get Wrigley’s dander up and politely refuse all requests to shoot a game of pool.
“You still haven’t told me what you want?” Kip questioned. The diner’s noise level dipped into a hush while Big Red motioned to the fishing string on the table.
“Weez like to make this as peaceful as we can fer ya,” BR explained. The oldster then told Bubba to fetch the string. “So that weez don’t have any problems, I need fer ya to put yer hands together like yer prayin’. Bubba’s gonna tie yer wrists snug.”
Kip hadn’t negotiated anything more important than the sale of a waterbed for most of his life. He suddenly recognized the importance of dabbling in the art of persuasion. “Listen to me, BR,” he said. “Whatever you’re being promised by the people who tagged you, they’re lying. I’m on your side. That’s why they want to stop me.”
By this point, Bubba had already clutched the fishing line from the table and leaned down to secure Kip’s hands. Naturally, Kip resisted and refused to place his open palms together, as BR instructed.
“Ya better pray real good, boy,” Bubba hissed. A line of drool dribbled between his cracked teeth as he wound the nylon string around Kip’s wrists. Suddenly, Kip heard the twanged strands of whistled music in his ears, but the broken jukebox in the corner of the diner wasn’t playing any tunes. Instead, Bruce sat outside the door on the diner’s steps. The beagle nudged his snout up against the glass door as he whistled “Guitar Boogie” Smith’s banjo cords.
If Kip was hoping for deliverance, he was about to receive some.


Chapter 21


The Kennel Club would’ve never confused Bruce for a competitive show dog, but he was about to give the performance of his lifetime. The Agency’s gurus neglected to teach him any judo chops when he was a part of Project FIDO; so catapulting into the diner like a wannabe Hong Kong Phooey was not on the menu. Instead, he relied on good-old-fashioned ingenuity in order to spring Kip from this trap. Fortunately for the beagle, if measured in ounces, the amount of intelligence he needed to disburse here would’ve filled a thimble small enough for Tom Thumb.
Wrigley ogled the tuneful beagle as if the dog dropped down from outer space. Bruce decided to run with that farfetched notion. The cook, distrusting his own eyes, stepped back from the door with his mouth hung open like a busted hinge. Not even during his most inebriated stupors had he ever encountered a whistling canine. And this was just the beginning of his amazement; Bruce had enough words at his disposal to make even a devout Mormon gulp moonshine for comfort.
“Well, I’ll be a monkey’s uncle,” Wrigley declared as he swung open the diner’s door. “This dawg can whistle like a regular songbird.” Bruce trotted into the diner and eyed the room’s occupants like Burt Reynolds with a crossbow.
“My condolences to your uncle,” Bruce said to Wrigley. “How’s Dr. Zaius holding up nowadays?” Until now, Bruce had exercised caution about whom he allowed to hear him speak, but he already sensed that these country creeps weren’t going to back off without encountering a sobering shock to their sense of perception.
“Did that there hound jist outright talk?” BR questioned in disbelief. He then stood up from the booth to inspect the dog at closer range. “I ain’t never seen nuttin’ like that before.”
“Why don’t you go fetch yourself some mustard and biscuits, Sling Blade,” Bruce said. “I’ve come to take my man out of here.” Bruce swung his nose in Kip’s direction; he was still trying to figure out what strategy the beagle planned to employ. Since it was not every day that a verbose dog waltzed into a diner with attitude, the yokels were visibly flabbergasted. This, of course, didn’t prevent Hubba or Bubba from taking aggressive stances in front of the four-legged intruder.
“Weez ain’t handin’ over ya nuttin’,” Bubba said, gnashing a pair of fangs that would’ve given The Wolfman nightmares.
“Jesus Bleep,” Bruce said to Kip. “I thought CBS cancelled Hee Haw with the network’s rural purge back in 71?”
“As luck would have it, the show went into syndication for another twenty years,” Kip clarified, although he didn’t even know why he remembered this bit of trivia.
“Figures,” Bruce huffed. “Well, listen up, you fistful of dullards,” he then said to the three bullies facing him. “I hate to burst your artificially flavored bubbles, but the carny convention is over. I’m only gonna ask you once nicely to step aside and sit your candy-bleeps down.”
No one within earshot of Bruce’s voice withheld their amusement, including Kip. But since he was currently tied up in fishing string, he hoped the beagle had more than a few ornery words to throw around. The Class V microchip may have done wonders for linguistics, but that skill didn’t hold much water with men who spent the majority of their lives exchanging clicks and grunts as alternate forms of interaction.
Big Red wasn’t one to hibernate from a little danger, especially when he used other people as his shield. He didn’t mince his words when instructing the meaty cook to grab the dog. Wrigley reached down and snatched the beagle by the scruff of his neck.
“I think ya bit off more than ya can chew this time a ‘round lil doggie,” said BR.
“Whatcha want me to do with ’em?” Wrigley asked BR.
“I’s say weez skin ’em out back and stir a soup stock out of his organs and bones,” Hubba suggested.
“He’ll make us some might tasty vittles,” Bubba echoed.
“I got a newsflash for you bunch of blowhards,” Bruce said. “Nobody puts Kippy in a corner booth, and you never put doggie in a doggie bag.” He then growled at Wrigley with his Charlton Heston impersonation. “I’ll give you two seconds to get your stinkin’ hands off me, along with your damn, dirty apron.  If not, things are gonna get murkier than your family’s gene pool.”
Kip cringed, more so because Bruce referred to him as ‘Kippy’ rather than a reaction to their current crisis. At the moment, it appeared as if the beagle had exasperated the problem. But there wasn’t any indication of worry blooming on the beagle’s brow. He had these hillbillies right where he wanted; they just didn’t know it yet.
“Let me ask you boys a serious question,” Bruce proceeded. “Did you ever hear about aliens coming down to Earth and experimenting on the dregs of society?”
“What’s a dreg?” Wrigley asked, before pivoting toward Big Red with another question. “I reckon they done call Auntie Ruth by that name once or twice, ain’t that right, Pop?”
“Nah, son. They calls her a dike,” BR corrected.
“I’ll assume she’s not holding back any flow of water,” Bruce interjected.
“I thinks he’s callin’ us stoopid,” Hubba said.
“I’m not a neurosurgeon,” Bruce returned, “but let’s be honest. You fellows make Lennie Small look big in the brain department.”
By now, Big Red’s scaly ears had absorbed enough insults. He tossed his hunting knife on the table and let its serrated blade speak for itself. As it so often happened, stainless steel weapons didn’t need to talk very loudly to get their point across. “This here knife is sharper than yer tongue, dawg. I skinned me ’nuff vermin along this here swamp to stitch Wrigs a kilt fer his chunky ass. I su’pose adding a beagle to the mix won’t much matter.” As Bubba retrieved the knife, Bruce launched into his spacy line of defense.
“Before you degenerates get any dicey ideas, I just want you to know that I didn’t come here alone. In fact, others much more anal and unforgiving than me, are watching you from outside this grease pit at this very minute. And they’re not a gaggle of happy alien campers right now either.”
“What they watchin’ us fer?” Wrigley questioned.
“Weez gots no business with blathering beagles,” Bubba said.
“FYI, Mr. Low-giene, let me tell you a little bit about our semiannual butt-reaming tournament. When embarking on the final frontier, we whip out our patented Roddenberry Scope. You’re probably not gonna appreciate the size of it. It’s got more girth than Moonraker-jaw’s cranium, and it’s designed to boldly go where you don’t want anything to go.” 
Hubba missed the insult, but no one remembered when he last caught onto anything other than a hook in his gums when he went fly fishing with his face.
“Ya makin’ no dang sense, dawg,” Wrigley said.
“Let me put it to you real slow and simple, Number 47, so that even a cockeyed cook like you can understand me,” Bruce replied. “The species of my planet have a probe quota. Yep, you heard me right: probe. It’s not just a discontinued car by Ford Motors anymore. Anyway, it’s sort of like an interstellar scavenger hunt with lots of superfluous penetration. We’re aiming to explore and violate as many bleepholes as we can find here on Earth, and we just hit the bleeping jackpot with you backwater jack weeds.”
“He’s buffing,” Hubba exclaimed.
“You mean ‘bluffing’,” Kip corrected the grimy-jawed idiot. “But he’s not lying to you, guys. This creature isn’t really a dog at all. He’s just making himself appear like a common house pet so he can blend in and hunt for folks that the rest of the world wouldn’t miss if they suddenly disappeared. Isn’t that right, dawg?”
Bruce affirmed the fib by nodding his snout. “We’re out scanning the universe for black holes right now. Oh, for the record, we never phone home, and the pieces of chocolate and peanut butter you’ll be eating ain’t made by Reese’s. So if you keep bleeping us off, we’re gonna give your bung holes a close encounter that would make Travis Walton cringe.”
“Is he akin to John-Boy?” Wrigley asked.
“Not quite. He’s that logger from the film Fire in the Sky.” Bruce bolstered his position enough to compel Wrigley to release his grip on his pelt.
“Ya know, I think I’s seen that movie,” Wrigley remarked.
“Then you know that lubricant isn’t an amenity aboard most UFO’s. Now unless you and this nonstick bubblegum chew crew want things to get dry and deep in a flash around here, I suggest you untie my partner and pretend you never even got a whiff of us.”
“Weez got our orders from the gov-mint all’s ready,” said BR.
“Orders change all the time,” Kip said. “You ought to know that, being in the restaurant business.”
“Ya’ll must think weez dumber than a box of door knockers,” Bubba snarled.
“It’s doorknob,” Kip said, rolling his eyes. “And why would we ever think that?” Kip conceded that idioms and idiots had less in common than most people understood.
If any of these numskulls had IQs higher than a pregnant insect, it would’ve been a revelation for both Bruce and Kip. But Big Red had just enough seasoning to prevent him from being entirely bland in the brain.
“Hold on a smidge,” said BR as he reclaimed his knife from Bubba. He then hacked a wad of tobacco juice into his cup and leered at the beagle with eyes that might’ve turned Medusa to stone. “Ya says yer from a’nother planet? Which one might that be?” Kip almost answered for Bruce, but figured the dog had worked out all the obvious details. Unfortunately, Bruce failed to anticipate this question, and so he resorted to the first thing that popped into his head.
“I’m from the planet Krell,” he said reservedly. “It’s at least 16 light years from here.”
“I’s never heard tell of any such place,” BR insisted.
“Even if you knew how to use one, a GPS won’t show you how to get to Krell. That’s why we call it outer space. We’re really out there…like far, far away. Farther than even George Lucas’s prologue scroll.”
“Like billions and billions of miles?” Bubba asked.
“Who are you Carl Sagan all of a sudden?” Bruce said. “Look, I’d like to tell you more about it, but I’m forbidden to do so. Unless you want me to contact my superiors.”
Big Red might’ve not been thoroughly convinced with Bruce’s story, but he had heard enough to cinch up his britches and cut the fishing line away from Kip’s wrists. “I’s guess ya gives us no choice,” he muttered. “Weez got to set ya loose.”
“You’re a very discerning man. Your sphincter muscle will thank you for it,” Bruce said.
“I’s jist gots me one curiosity is all,” BR stated. “Why do all ya alien folks always wanna go diggin’ ’round in yer neighbors’ backyards fer?”
Bruce and Kip exchanged glances, but neither of them had managed to concoct an answer to Big Red’s inquiry that sounded reasonable. But Bruce gave it his best shot.
“It’s rather simple,” Bruce explained. “It’s lonely out in outer space. So when we get bored, we bore. I hate to resort to a trite sport metaphor, but here’s something to chew on: it’s not always better to be on the receiving end of a touchdown. And there are no tight ends left on the other team when our game’s final whistle blows.”
“Did ya ever probe anyone famous on yer flyin’ saucers?” Wrigley asked.
“We came pretty close,” Bruce replied without missing a beat. “Back in 69, we almost abducted Jimmy Carter, but we figured he’d soon be screwing more Earthlings in the bleep than we could outdo in a million Krellian tournaments.”
By now Wrigley, Hubba, and Bubba had lurched away from the diner’s door, which provided Kip and Bruce the clearance they needed to leave. Before exiting, Bruce noticed the tattoo on Wrigley’s forearm.
“That’s a fantastic Tattoo you’ve got there,” Bruce remarked. “I have a Nick Nack just like it on my shelf back home. Right next to my paddy whack.”
“And your golden gun, right?” Kip added wryly.
“Roger to that,” Bruce said. He then winked at Kip as they strolled out of the diner together, but not before Kip grabbed the bag of food from the table. Neither of them needed to say anything more. Perhaps congratulations were in order for Bruce’s stellar performance, but they didn’t want to get too cocksure while standing in the diner’s proximity. Still, after retrieving the dossier from the car, Kip felt compelled to say something that reflected his gratitude.
“You were so awesome back in there. You kept so calm,” Kip said. “Where did you come up with that name for the planet Krell anyway?”
“I was gonna say Altair IV, but I didn’t want to be too obvious.”
“Come on, they wouldn’t have picked up on such an obscure reference.”
“I’m not too certain. That one guy looked like the way-offspring of Leslie Nielsen.”
“The guy from Airplane?”
“Don’t look so shocked. Nielsen’s ratings went way up after that film.”
“Well, I’m glad you kept a straight face through it all.”
“No big deal. Besides, those boys wouldn’t know a straight face from a crooked one if it came up and sat on their heads and wiggled.”
“Just one thing, and I don’t want you think I’m nitpicking,” Kip mentioned. “Why did you have to call me ‘Kippy’ back in there? I despise that name. A guy I work with calls me that all the time.”
“Hey, don’t be an ingrate. You think what I do is easy? I needed that moniker to make the pun work. You’re just lucky those roadhouse boys aren’t grinding on you right now like Johnny Castle on a teenage girl in the Catskills.”
“I really don’t think they were into that sort of stuff.”
“Don't fool yourself,” Bruce said. “You were ten minutes away from taking a hike up Brokeback Mountain. That one with the bleeped-up teeth was looking at you with hungry eyes. I bet he figured he was gonna have the time of his life with you.”
“You’re being dirty. Be nice.”
“Suit yourself. If you want to dance around the issue, it’s fine by me.”
Kip’s attention already reverted to the mission as indicated on the map. Until reaching the secret bunker, they were expected to hump it, and not in the way most dogs would’ve interpreted it. The map’s directed them to find a crossroad a few miles from the diner’s location. An old street sign with an “X” painted on it supposedly indicated the footpath’s entry point.
“According to what Mark wrote down on the map,” Kip mused,  “After we locate the “X” sign on the main road, we’ll be looking for a boulder between two willow trees somewhere down that trail. I guess in this case the letter “X” really does mark the spot.”
“Why couldn’t it be a big “W”?” Bruce asked in a voice that sounded remarkably similar to Jimmy Durante. Kip decided to overlook the comment. Serious business still awaited them, and Kip needed to concentrate on avoiding any more pitfalls at pit stops. Of course, Big Red’s Diner made better cheeseburgers and fries than they did hosts. Bruce devoured the entire meal in four rapacious bites, while Kip pecked away at his burger like a bulimic bird at a feeder.
“You gonna eat that thing or go home and meet its parents?” Bruce asked.
“I don’t like to gulp my food like a dog,” Kip said. “No offense.”
“Well, you should know that my instincts haven’t changed. If you drop one French fry, I’m going for your femoral artery.”
Kip just smirked and continued to eat, while Bruce kept a lookout on the road. “You know,” Kip proclaimed, almost in a fit of giddiness. “I still can’t believe any of this is happening. My life is usually so boring. I guess I’ve really lived a sheltered existence.”
“Well, it’s time to crawl out of your plastic bubble, Barbarino. It’s a mad, mad world nowadays, and you’ve just scooted up a rung on the ladder that matters. Feel free to give yourself a pat on the back, because I can’t reach that high.”
“You know, there are still some people around who think I’m a pretty cool guy.”
“Kip, you’re about as cool as a Tony Orlando concert in Death Valley.”
“I’m just hoping to do something good for other people, at least once in my life.”
“That’s more than what most people wish for,” Bruce noted. “I’ve been known to be wrong about humans before, but I think Mark did A-OK by linking you up with me.”
Kip didn’t expect any compliments from Bruce, but he took this one in stride. He knew such praise wouldn’t come often. The two companions then continued down the road with a renewed confidence in one another.


Chapter 22


Wint arrived at the designated meeting point nestled within the Cow Belly Mines on schedule. He received a phone call from Mark shortly afterwards on his private line. Mark was running late, almost two hours, but he made it a point to mention that nothing else had changed from their original plan. Sunlight had just crept over the low hills looming over the abandoned iron ore mines. No accessible road existed for throughway traffic; any headway within the thicket had to be accomplished on foot. Since the forest’s ground was dry, Wint listened to every crackling leaf. He carried no serviceable weapon other than his own uncanny brain and instinct for trouble.
After a few edgy moments, Mark appeared in a glen amid the underbrush. As previously stipulated, he arrived alone. Wint noticed nothing abnormal regarding Mark’s appearance other than the conspicuous fact that he wore driving gloves; this detail by itself was enough to make a rogue agent skeptical. Wint may have been as green as guacamole in most areas of life, but not when it came to deciphering a sudden peculiarity in a confidant’s fashion. Seeing gloves on Mark’s hands was like finding a pair of mittens on a fish.
Neither of them uttered word until they stood close enough to converse without pitching their voices above a whisper. Mark spoke first. “Are you trying to make me look bad?” he joked. “You’re more punctual than an untenured schoolmarm.” Wint appreciated the small talk, but it wasn’t enough of a distraction to shift his attention away from Mark’s hands.
“Did you stop and go shopping?” Wint asked. He stockpiled his inquiry with more sarcasm than the DHS had done with munitions. Mark should’ve remembered that nothing so obvious slipped by Wint’s gaze. “It would’ve been cleverer on your part if you kept your hands bare,” he recommended. “I might not have noticed.”
“Noticed what?”
“Too bad it wasn’t Cinco de Mayo, Mark. I would’ve sprung for the salsa if I knew you were bringing the chips.”
“Don’t get all paranoid on me now,” Mark said. “We don’t have time for it.” Mark stepped closer to Wint, being mindful to maintain his movement at a leisurely pace. “Do you got the DVD with you?”
“Maybe,” answered Wint. “Why don’t you take those gloves off first and let me see your hands?”
“I appreciate your wariness. But how long have you known me now?”
“Long enough to know that you’ve never worn leather driving gloves before tonight.”
Mark chuckled, but it sounded just like the canned laughter borrowed from television sitcoms. “You really are being serious, aren’t you? Well, under the circumstances I guess I can’t fault you for being too careful, right?” He then peeled the gloves from his hands and held up his palms for Wint’s inspection. “Happy now?”
Wint didn’t notice the wound on Mark’s hand because Molek had already masked it with a concealing skin ointment. Even still, he remained leery of Mark’s intentions. Luckily, Wint had a test devised to verify that his partner wasn’t in fact defecting on his double agent status.
“Are you gonna give me the disc now?” Mark pressured him.
“Not just yet. Before we go any further, I need to confirm that you’re in the right frame of mind. You and me both know that newly chipped hosts have trouble with their short-term memory function for the first 72 hours after the device’s implantation. Do you remember talking about that with me?”
“Of course. You’re really milking the issue, aren’t you?”
“Would you expect anything less in the Cow Belly Mines?” Wint countered.
“Okay. We’ll do it your way. What do you want to know?”
“When we last spoke on the phone six hours ago, as a precaution, we decided to change our password upon meeting here. Do you recall our conversation?”
“C’mon, I’m not brain dead. What do you think?”
“I think I’d like for you to say the new password right now.”
Mark suddenly looked like a prisoner who felt the heat of a searchlight as he planned an escape. His eyes shifted from side to side, as if he was either stalling or trying to conjure up a memory that no longer existed.
“There’s just so much going. I can’t keep my thoughts straight all the time. Molek and his henchmen are getting too close for these sort of games.”
“This is no game, Mark. You know that better than I do. But since you’re such a busy guy, I’m even willing to give you a clue. Our password is part of a rather famous anagram first discovered in Scrabble tiles.”
“Okay, okay. I know it. The password…it’s this I think: ‘Comes with the fall’.”
Wint kept silent for a moment. He snooped for a flinch in Mark’s mannerisms, but he just peered back at him stoically. “You’re close, but the cigar stays in its fumigator, my friend.”
“You’re acting like a baby. That’s the right password and you know it.”
“That’s the old password,” Wint corrected. “I asked you for the new one.”
Mark hesitated again, but it was already evident that he had no recollection of the recently changed code phrase. “Why don’t you just hand over the DVD? Don’t make this any harder on yourself. We’re old pals and I wouldn’t want anything bad to happen to you.”
Wint had already scanned the ground for an escape route, but he didn’t want to flee from Mark without substantiating what they both already knew. “I was hoping that you’d be able to escape the Agency,” he said. “But at least one of us can still try.” Wint wasn't known for his fleet-footedness, but dashing between the trees foliage in green garb gave him an unforeseen advantage of camouflage. Of course, the beveled landscape served as an obstacle to any heedless traveler, and since Wint had no alternate exodus mapped out, he ultimately ended up cornering himself about two hundred yards from his motorcycle.
Hics was positioned in an ambush pose within the wood’s middle ground. Molek instructed him to guard the area and drive Mark toward the perimeter. Wint had no way of knowing how many men followed Mark into the grove, so he was only partially surprised when Hics jumped out from behind a tree to accost him. Unlike Wint, Hics brandished a small caliber handgun.
“N…not another…s…step, Wint,” Hics stammered.
Wint threw up his hands after he noticed the weapon shaking in Hics’s hand. “I prefer Winter Greene,” he said, huffily.
“They’ll…be…be…c…chiseling that on your t…tombstone if you budge another i…inch.”
“If you let me go, Hics, I’ll tell you a surefire way to get rid of your hiccups.”
On the surface it would’ve been ridiculously sophomoric trade, but for someone who suffered from nearly nine consecutive years of an unsettled diaphragm, Wint’s offer almost registered like a bargain to Hics’s ears. Ultimately, the beleaguered chauffeur had only one real option.
“Keep your hands w…where I…I can see them,” Hics cautioned. For a driver who spent the majority of his time doddering in aimless circles at his boss’s command, this capture would’ve surely merited him some clout with Molek. At least it might’ve kept him behind the Caddy’s wheel long enough to soften the upholstery. In Hics’s case, however, a clear benefit in any given situation happened less frequently than a sunny day in Seattle. When he approached Wint to administer the arrest, Hics’s own clumsiness cost him a long overdue acknowledgment.
Stones in the forest weren’t labeled for unvigilant hikers, and Hics’s vision made a mole’s ocular capabilities adequate by comparison. In his pursuit, Hics tripped more freakishly than those who partook in the brown acid at Woodstock. And in doing so, he managed to fumble around on the ground long enough for Wint to launch into another spirited sprint toward the unknown. Hics quickly regained his balance and gave chase, but his running skills proved just as jittery as his voice box.
Not far from Wint’s scramble, on the roadside framing the Cow Belly’s perimeter, Molek waited outside his car. Nepo perched on the crook of his elbow.
“The race is on,” Molek assured his bird. “But Mr. Greene will be truckin’ this way any moment now.”
“I can hardly wait to greet him again,” Nepo cawed. “I’d truly like to scratch out his jaded eyes, if perchance you permit me to do so.”
Molek friskily tickled his parrot on her crown and smiled before saying, “All the time, Nepo, you truly are the Napoleon of crime.”
It was unnecessary for Molek to shift from his current blockade. Wint’s dash through the woods seemed magnetized right toward the bohemian’s clutches. It helped that Hics licked at his heels like a surge of floodwater, but this effort lasted only a spurt farther. Wint’s progress stalled after Hics projected an abrupt scream. Wint turned back to check the source of his pursuer’s distress, but Hics was nowhere in sight. It seemed as if the earth had opened up and swallowed Hics in a single unforgiving gulp. As it turned out, there was a severe drawback to trampling over terrain that had more tunnels beneath it than bedrock.
Rather than reverse his footing and test his luck on this precarious field, Wint decided he’d be better off taking his chances in the vicinity where Molek anticipated his arrival. Moreover, Mark was already cautiously angling in on the tapered stretch of land with Hics’s gun in tow. Wint waited for Mark to nudge the revolver between his shoulder blades. The two men then emerged from the pocket of trees in tandem. Hics never came out.
For a man who was pickled, where he fully understood the consequences, Wint remained remarkably bullish. He even managed to shoot a scowl in Molek’s direction that would’ve given the outlaw Josey Wales cause to avoid a scuffle. But a loaded gun pressed against the center of Wint’s spinal cord had virtually removed any chance of resistance on his part. Mark served his new puppet master compliantly even without the strings attached.
“What happened to Hics? Molek asked Mark. His inquiry was met with Mark’s grim stare back toward the woodland.
“Cave-in. He was running after Wint and just suddenly dropped out of sight,” Mark explained. “I don’t think he’s coming back any time soon.”
“How unfortunate,” Molek sighed, but his composure was not lost when he spoke to Nepo. “Well, nobody believed that we’d complete this mission without enduring a few hiccups. So we now indeed have one fewer to contend with.”
“He had no pertinence to us anyway,” Nepo declared. “We just need another peon to drive the car, preferably one who makes less digestive noises.”
Molek waited until Mark ushered Wint closer to his Caddy before addressing him directly. “It may be too late for Hics,” he said to Wint. “But seeing that you’re still here with us, I assume you’ll be cooperative. After all, we just witnessed what happens when the hunter gets captured by the game.”
“Maybe you should go into the woods and look for him yourself, Molek,” Wint suggested. “It’d be a real hoot watching a hole open up big enough to consume you.”
“Aren’t you the snappy one? You’re like a little turtle coming out of its shell,” Molek returned. “Don’t fault me for the company you keep.” Molek leered at Mark before he continued. “If you become a friend of the devil, why are you so surprised if he lures you toward hell?”
Molek then ordered Mark to frisk Wint. After a brief pat down, Mark yanked a keep case from an interior pocket in Wint’s overcoat. He opened the case, and checked it. “Looks like this is the right disc,” Mark announced. “But we’re still going to need Wint’s passcode to activate it and make sure he doesn't have any other copies.”
Molek already presumed that Wint wouldn’t willingly volunteer such information. Nepo appeared eager to pounce on the man’s face and perform her feared talon tap dance,  but Molek only employed that tactic as a last resort. “Despite what you believe,” Molek whispered in Wint’s ear, “I’m a civilized man, and whenever possible I avoid inflicting pain upon people, even those people who’ve intentionally tried to undermine me.”
“Remind me why it’s so civilized to piss in the woods and worship a Masonic god in mock ceremonies,” Wint said. “If that’s what you call refined, I’d rather hibernate in the ranks of the primitive-minded.”
Molek reached into his pocket and clutched a handful of birdseed. He opened his fingers and permitted Nepo to feast ravenously from her perch upon his shoulder.
“Apparently, this is a seedier business than I realized,” Wint mused.
“You insult what you don’t understand, Mr. Greene. But I suppose that serves more to my benefit than it does your own. As it stands, you have something I need, and I have a few ways to go about abstracting that information from you. I could simply torture you, but I’m much too old for all the screaming and thrashing that that method entails. Besides, getting the blood out of Nepo’s feathers is a dastardly chore in itself. Did I mention that my birdie just had her claws sharpened?”
Nepo extended her talon. She swiped it in the air like a rapier. Wint attempted to look unimpressed with this feat.
“When mixed together,” said the bird, “the colors green and red make brown.”
“In other words, you’re gonna look like a piece of shit when she gets through with you,” Molek tittered. As Molek paced in front of Wint and Mark, his beaded necklaces jangled like a shaman in a tribal dance. “Option two is barbaric and counterproductive at this juncture,” he continued. “I could have Mark blow a hole in your torso with a hollow point bullet and we’d watch you bleed out like common road kill.”
“What’s behind door number three, Hooty?” Wint asked offhandedly.
“Free chips for the house,” he responded. “But, of course, we lose valuable time in the process and I’ve currently run out of Class V transponders. In fact, I’m waiting for my men to bring me refills. One can never have enough chips in hand, so to speak.”
“They’ll be here in another hour,” Mark affirmed. “Oh, and Agent Oranger said they’re delivering the secret weapons as you’ve requested.”
“What weapons?” Wint questioned.
“Don’t trouble yourself with our nasty little business, Mr. Greene. You have enough to concentrate on at the moment. The pass code, please?”
“I’m afraid my memory is a bit foggy at the moment,” Wint mentioned.
“What a pity,” Molek said. “Let me try and clear the air for you.”
Molek shifted his position so that he stood behind Wint. He then held out his palm and commanded Mark to place the revolver in his hand. “Don’t you want me to shoot him myself?” Mark asked, almost robotically.
“Not just yet,” Molek replied. “I’d like to give your former ally one final opportunity to tell us the passcode before we send him to the Promised Land.”
“You heard him, Wint,” Mark said. “This is your last chance.”
Wint rarely backed down from a game even when he had only the slightest odds of winning, but this roulette wheel had come to a standstill. “Okay. You guys got me in a bind. But if I give you the passcode now, what’s gonna prevent you from killing me?”
“We still need you to access the computer files and delete all the stored data that you planned to disseminate,” Molek offered. “That should get you into at least the next chapter of your life.”
“I just hope you know that you’re making a huge mistake,” Wint said to Molek. “Maybe you’ve stopped people from finding out about your brotherhood this time, but it can’t last forever. Eventually you’ll be exposed for the tyrants you are.”
“Stifle your preachy rhetoric,” Molek admonished. “Give me the passcode now.”
“It’s ‘Elf Shot Lame Witch’,” Wint revealed.
“That’s a rather arcane reference, don’t you think?”
“Not as obscure as ‘roast mules’, but it’s about rituals and sacrifices, Hooty. You know all about them, don’t you?”
Molek neglected to respond to Wint. Instead, he returned the gun to Mark’s hand and walked toward the car. “What do you want to do with him now?” Mark questioned his new mentor. Molek almost conferred with Nepo for guidance, but seeing that the white macaw had an unusual disdain for Wint, he allowed Mark to make the decision. “We’ll need him to find the computer terminal out here,” he debated. “But I guess we can wait until Mason and Oranger arrive. Wint might be more accommodating after he’s tagged.”
“Very well,” Molek agreed.  “In that case, Mr. Greene, we bid you goodnight for now.”
Mark received a hand gestured command from Molek, and he followed through by striking the gun’s handle against the back of Wint’s head. The agent in green toppled to the roadside like a piece of uprooted turf grass. Nepo supervised the violence; her moon-glow eyes sparkled with sinister delight.


Chapter 23


The road leading toward the outskirts of Hacklebarney State Park was nothing more unusual than a two-lane byway that once benefited from a fresh shell of asphalt back in the 70’s. Kip and Bruce hiked most of the five-mile jaunt without encountering a single vehicle or pedestrian footprint. By mid-morning they arrived at the conspicuous road sign partially visible along the verdant tree line. Just beneath this marker, Kip spotted a narrower dirt trail moderately overgrown by weeds and wild flowers. He rechecked the map to make sure he had followed the course as Mark intended.
“Before we go any farther, I just want to see if I have my bearings straight.”
“If you want a Bering Straight, go to Alaska,” Bruce remarked. “This is the right place. Can’t you see the big “X” on that sign? I feel like I’ve seen this Provine before.”
“You mean province,” Kip said. “A ‘province’ is a place.”
“When did you become an pedagogue, Ichabod? Stop correcting everybody. It’s annoying as bleep. And for the record, I didn’t misspeak. Sometimes you don’t know as much as you think you know.”
Kip might’ve argued his point of view, but they both had more essential matters to discern. For instance, the map neglected to account for the emergence of a boy who couldn’t have been older than six. He pedaled a red and white tricycle along the dusty path, seemingly oblivious to the solitude around him. Kip checked the roadway in both directions. He couldn’t see a parent or guardian anywhere near the child. Furthermore, there wasn’t a house or visible structure within a mile from any perspective. The boy rode in a random pattern along the trail but never deviated from its surface.
“Who’s the tyke on the trike?” Bruce asked ponderously.
“Looks like a little boy,” Kip mused. “Do you think he’s lost?”
The beagle eyed the boy with more scrutiny before he said, “Either that his mother dropped him off on the wrong street corner.” As Kip and Bruce edged closer, the boy still didn’t acknowledge their presence. He continued to pedal erratically up and down the path, and then in circles as if he had no apparent destination.
“Holy harbinger,” Bruce woofed. “Did you get a gander at that kid’s outfit? He’s wearing a black tie, hat, and short pants.”
“So?”
“C’mon, throw me a bone here, Kip. Don’t you see it? He’s dressed just like that demonic kid from The Omen.”
“You’re insane,” Kip said. “This is real life, Bruce. Not everything relates to a movie or a television show.”
“Then why do I hear Goldsmith’s devil theme music in my head right now?”
“Because you’re warped between your floppy ears. I can’t do this much longer. Maybe W.C. Fields gave some good advice when warned people to never work with animals or children.”
“Well, it’s too late for you, my little Kipadee, because you weren’t banking on depositing two dicks, were ya?”
“Did you just say ‘dicks’? Isn’t that a curse word? I thought your chip bleeped out all the bad words?”
“Contextually, you’re right,” Bruce explained, “but since ‘dick’ can also be a moniker for the name ‘Richard’ or a private investigator, the chip doesn’t pick it up all the time.”
“That’s shrewd on your part, Bruce.”
“What can I say? I’m a tricky dick.”
Kip decided to nix that which he couldn’t control; in this case the beagle’s overactive obsession almost had him losing his mind. Even still, he approached the child a bit more cautiously than he would have done so otherwise.
“Hello,” Kip called out to the kid. The boy lifted his pale, oval head, hurling a glare in their direction as piercing as a javelin. “Whoa,” Kip said to Bruce. “He doesn’t look very sociable.”
“If your mother was a jackal, you’d be a tad unfriendly, too, wouldn’t you say?”
“I’m sure he’s just frightened and confused. This is no place for a boy his age to be riding his tricycle.”
“I agree. I bet he’d much rather cycle across hardwood floors on a banister-lined corridor.”
“Don’t be so judgmental. The boy is here all by himself.”
“You’re right. I’m sure he’s a good son, and his parents just left him home alone. So what if he’s eyes are blacker than liquorish-flavored jelly beans?”
“I thought you were gonna say his eyes are black like a doll’s eyes.”
“Why would I?”
“Ah, never mind.” 
Kip showed his graciousness by stepping in front of the path. The boy continued to zoom toward him on the tricycle, showing no indication of braking. Bruce had enough common sense to jump into a patch of weeds and wild herbs growing beside the trail, but Kip maintained his stance and held out his hand to grab the tricycle’s handlebar. The boy still pedaled his feet furiously, but his progress stalled abruptly.
“Can you slow down for a minute?” Kip asked the boy. “We’re not gonna hurt you.”
“Check behind his ears,” Bruce advised from the underbrush. “If you see anything that resembles three 6’s, I’ll meet you at the next available church, sans Gregory Peck.”
The boy looked startled, but Kip wasn’t sure if the kid heard the beagle talk or not. He decided to adopt a gentler approach with the child. “Are you okay? Where are your parents?” The rebellious boy refused to answer or offer any suggestion to what his purpose was on this particular trail. Because he was conditioned to do so, Kip glanced at the child’s hands to make sure he hadn’t been chipped. He couldn’t distinguish any visible wound. “Where do you live?” Kip asked him. 
The boy merely shrugged his shoulders. “I’m sure it’s at the Bramford,” Bruce cried from a rosemary bush. “When he gets back home, tell him to give Yoko the finger for me.” Kip pretended not to hear the beagle, and it was a prudent choice indeed.
“Are you lost?” Kip questioned the lad again, showing resilience that surprised Bruce and maybe even himself. The boy shook his head from side to side. “Why are you riding your bike out here on this road all by yourself?”
“It’s not a bike,” the little one said bluntly. “Bikes have two wheels. Mine has three.”
“Ah, so you can speak after all,” Kip said.
“And count, too,” Bruce added. “He’s just being a little thorn in your side.”
The boy’s attention eventually transferred from Kip to the camouflage where Bruce remained unconvincingly hidden. “How did you teach your dog to talk?” the boy asked Kip.
“Oh, that’s a long story, but I didn’t have anything to do with it.”
Bruce felt secure enough to scuttle from the weeds, but he still refused to venture too near the child. He sniffed at the air in a bid to assess the boy’s scent, but couldn’t yet determine what kind of vibe this child threw off.
“What are you sniffing at?” the boy asked the beagle.
“Step away from the trike,” Bruce demanded.
“You’re acting like a policeman who can’t act,” said the boy.
“Just checking for tannis root. We don’t need any fungus among us,” Bruce said.
“Tannis isn’t even a real root, you know,” the boy said eruditely.
“Whoopee, neither were the roots in Andre Agassi’s hair. Thanks for your viewpoint,” Bruce returned.
“You’re a very mean dog,” the boy remarked.
“Did your mother ever take you to the zoo, kid?” Bruce questioned.
“Once.”
“What’s your name? And it better not start with the letter “D”.
“Harvey.”
“Really? I was gonna say you look like a Spencer or a Stephen, but Harvey suits you nearly as well as your funeral suit.”
“That’s enough, Bruce,” Kip said before addressing the boy again. “Don’t take what my dog says personally. He’s very ill-tempered, and probably constipated.”
“It’s okay. I also have a dog that’s sort of weird,” Harvey said.
“And a domineering nanny, too, I bet,” Bruce gibed.
“Look,” Kip continued, “we didn’t mean to stop you from riding your bike...I mean trike. I suppose we just weren’t expecting to see anyone your age out here all by himself.”
“I’m usually by myself,” Harvey confessed.
“Why? Don’t you have any friends?” Kip asked.
“Spawns of Satan don’t usually get too many hits on Facebook,” Bruce noted.
“Bruce, please!” Kip scolded. “Doesn’t your chip come with any social filters?”
“Nada. I’m like a Camel cigarette. Smoke and choke on me, baby.”
Before Kip pivoted his attention back to the child, the boy dismounted his tricycle and toddled over to the nearest stick on the trail. Kip and Bruce watched in silence as the boy picked up the stick scrawled a message into the dirt pathway with its shredded tip. After he finished, Harvey returned to his tricycle and sat back on its padded seat. Without uttering another word, the boy started to pedal away. In true form, he offered one last closed-mouth smile before departing. Bruce heard the chorus from Goldsmith’s “Ave Satani” in his head again.
“Hey, Harvey,” Kip shouted. “Where are you going?”
“Back to his crypt, where do you think?” Bruce said. “Either there or a military academy where he can hone his craft.” Bruce then shouted his own parting shot to the fleeing child. “Say hello to Bugenhagen for me!”
“Who’s Bugenhagen?” Kip asked.
“Doesn’t matter. He’s been underground for a long time now.”
Kip paced over to the path where the boy had written words in all capital letters in the dirt. The message read: “BE I ALONE TO SAVE HIM.” Kip read the words aloud several times before turning back toward Bruce for some clarity. When one consulted with a beagle for logic, things were beyond a bit strange.
“What does that message mean, Bruce?”
“Beats the bleep out of me,” Bruce responded. “But the kid must be Yoda’s lovechild. His syntax is horrific.”
“Seriously, this must mean something important. It’s not everyday that a random boy on a trike scratches a cryptic phrase in the dirt with a stick.”
“Granted, this would be a first for such an occurrence,” Bruce agreed.
“Well, what do you think it means?”
“Mama Mia! Do I look like Robert Langdon to you? How am I supposed to figure it out? Let’s not forget whose the master and the dog in this exchange, okay?”
“Sorry. I just thought you were smarter than me for a minute. What was I thinking?”
“As usual, you weren’t.”
Kip was roaming in front of the pathway now, almost as if he rode a trike from hell himself. “Are you insinuating that I’m a bad spy?”
“Let me just put it this way. Unless you represented George Lazenby in the late 60’s, you’re not worst agent in history. But you’re not exactly Brian Epstein either. Now stop beetling around and look at the words and try to make something out of them.”
Kip concentrated on the phrase again, reciting the words repeatedly in his thoughts like a defective voice recorder. “Who is the “I” and “Him” in this scenario? And which one of us is supposed to be alone?”
“Good questions. But you’re still thinking in one direction. That’s trendy if you’re in a British boy band, but otherwise you’ll be as clueless as Professor Plum without Parker Brothers.”
“I can’t help it. I think in linear form. What should I do?”
“Try mixing up a few letters and making new words. My aunt and gram used to do that.”
“You knew your relatives?”
“Noppers. That’s what we call a joke here in the land of the living, Kip. Can’t a dog have a little fun with puns?”
It wasn’t because of a lack of effort that Kip failed in his endeavor to decipher the phrase’s meaning. But Kip didn’t need to channel Mick Jagger to know that time wasn’t on his side. Brue had grown impatient with the delay, and he suspected that they were in a precarious situation by standing idle reading esoteric passages in the dirt.
“I hate to break up your little tabula rasa,” Bruce indicated, “but we still got a play date to make at a bunker with a broad.”
“I know, but I can’t help but to think that this is a sign,” Kip insisted.
“What does Shyamalan got to do with any of this? He nuked the fridge years before Indy ever dodged the bomb.”
“Not Signs—a sign. Stop being so asinine on purpose.”
“Hey, watch your mouth, or I’ll give Mel Gibson your phone number.”
“Look, Bruce, maybe you had the right idea about that kid. I mean he just appeared out of nowhere. Maybe he really is a bad seed.”
“You’re right. He’s kind of like a made-for-TV sequel. Omen IV still makes me regurgitate in my own mouth every time I think of it.”
“Do you think Harvey really wanted us to stay off this path? Maybe we should find another route.”
“Why don’t we just stick to the plan and the trail Mark mapped out?
“How hard could it be to find an alternate way to the bunker? All we have to do is keep traveling north.”
“Trust me, Kip, you don’t want to venture too far north,” Bruce advised.
“Why not?”
“Because there’s nowhere left to go but south after that. Just ask Rob Reiner.”
“Alright,” Kip said reluctantly. “But why should I trust you?”
“Because unlike some aforementioned directors, I got a six sense for recognizing crappy ideas after the Six Sense.”
“As you wish. But you don’t have to talk to me like I’m the village idiot, you know.”
“How about if I just talk to you like you were cast in The Village? Same difference.”
“You really gotta work on being a little more considerate, Bruce.”
“Sorry. I flunked sensitivity training in obedience school. If you want to drift into emotional platitudes, go sit on Dr. Phil’s couch, because this dog don’t hunt that way.”
With little ado and nothing else but to do, Kip and Bruce resumed their hike down a dirt trail that followed the Black River deep into New Jersey’s woodlands. By now, both of them wished that the final conflict of this day was past, but they weren’t big believers in fairy tales or trilogies. The crux of their journey still resided somewhere in the future.


Chapter 24


The SHAD E1S-plated sedan pulled into the gravel parking lot of Big Red’s Diner just a little past midday. Agents Oranger and Mason took one detour to pick up the secret weapons Molek requested. They needed a 12-foot U-haul to transport the material to the scene. Molek’s Caddy was already parked at the edge of the lot, with Mark now serving as the driver and Wint tied at the wrists and ankles in the backseat. Upon seeing the trailer attached to the sedan, Molek smiled approvingly.
“It’s almost all over now for those who’ve opposed the Agency,” Molek tittered. Mark looked on with a sort of vapidity that might’ve been expected from a man who no longer controlled his own thoughts.
Nepo flashed an impish grin before she said, “It looks like those agents of yours aren’t complete buffoons after all.”
“They have their moments,” Molek asserted. “But then again, don’t we all when the eyes of the world are watching us?”
As far as Mason and Oranger were concerned, they had only recently been informed of Mark’s capture, and neither of them cared for him even before he was chipped. They didn’t anticipate immediate compliance on Mark’s behalf, but seemed impressed that he was sitting so subserviently beside their boss in the car. They exited the sedan in tandem. Perhaps Oranger had more to gloat about than Mason in regard to the U-haul’s contents, being that this delivery was his brainchild right from the get go.
Molek opened the Caddy’s window as Oranger approached him with a report on the situation.
“Is everything as it should be?” Molek questioned Oranger.
“Almost,” Mason answered from the opposite side of the car. “We hit a snag with the Class V microchips.”
“I don’t like snags, Mr. Mason,” Molek fumed.
“Well, our local suppliers are out of stock. We need to get replacements from headquarters, and I’m guessing that’s gonna take another couple days.”
“Normally that wouldn’t be a problem. But Mr. Greene, as you can see,” Molek said, gesturing to the Caddy’s backseat, “isn’t being very cooperative. I need him in order to locate and duplicates of the DVD that might still exist.”
“I could beat it out of him,” Mason offered.
“And I could help,” Nepo said wickedly.
Molek debated that strategy only a moment before deciding against it. His primary concern now was to get the beagle back in his clutches. “I’ll assume that the secret weapons are in working order?” he prodded Oranger.
“Affirmative, sir,” Oranger replied. His voice became uncharacteristically deeper whenever he strayed within earshot of Molek. “Operation BC is ready to launch.”
“BC?” commented Nepo. “It sounds quite primitive to me.”
“Negative, Nepo. Technological warfare is riding a new wave into the future, and this crest is my tsunami.”
“Say no more for now,” Molek suggested. “I want Mr. Flyer and Mr. Greene to be surprised, being that they were so intent on undermining our progress.”
Oranger complied with this request like a sycophant who licked more boots than a politician at a line-dancing marathon. “You always know the right thing to do, Hooty,” Oranger declared, which triggered Nepo’s ire.
“If your nose was any browner,” the bird remarked, “I’d flush it.”
Molek then exited his car with Nepo clung to his shoulder. Since Wint’s present restraints rendered him immobile, Molek ordered Mason to fetch Wint from the Caddy’s backseat and drag him toward the trailer’s loading door. Mark followed Molek and Oranger to the U-haul without any physical encouragement. Oranger couldn’t resist taking a pop shot at Mark’s sudden acquiescence.
“Feeling a bit chipper today, huh, Mark?”
Even under the influence of a Class V microchip, Mark couldn’t pretend he liked Oranger anymore than a drunk relished window-shopping at a beer festival. But because of the circumstances, he simply refrained from bartering insults with the agitator for now. Besides, Oranger was too enamored with his pet project to let his attention stray too far from the task at hand.
Wint resisted slightly as Mason yanked him by his ankles to the U-haul’s loading door. Although Wint wasn’t gagged, he remained mute despite the gravel digging into his exposed skin. After everyone had secured a good spot to observe Oranger’s grandest achievement, the pseudo veteran jumped up on the trailer’s bumper and unlatched the rolling door.
“I haven’t felt this proud about anything I’ve done since Operation Apache Snow,” Oranger gushed.
“Just open the damn door and show them,” Mason grunted.
“First, a little history lesson,” Oranger gloated. He glanced at Molek to monitor his support, and felt vindicated when the head honcho showed no adverse reaction to his showmanship. “Back in 1966, the U.S. Marine Corps and Navy joined forces along the coast of the Bon Hai River in Vietnam. Our mission: infiltrate the VC’s underground rat tunnels and push them out into ambush zones. We called it Operation Beaver Cage.”
Mark looked to Mason and they might’ve chuckled simultaneously about Oranger’s confabulations had Molek been absent from the scene. Even still, Mason couldn’t resist an urge to expose his partner’s outrageous claims.
“Wasn’t Charlie Sheen in your platoon, or was that Martin?” Mason jested.
Oranger refused to blink a lash. He held firm with the notion and replied, “As a matter of fact, they both were there at one time or another. Only one was stoned, though.”
“Enough of this mockery,” Molek interjected. “Mr. Oranger, please show us what we’ve been patiently waiting to see.”
Oranger required no further persuasion. He unlatched the U-haul’s door and peeled open its retractable door. Shadows dissolved within sunlight as the trailer’s load became exposed. Other than those already privileged to know its contents, the exact nature of the material was not initially identifiable. Mark shifted closer to the open trailer, peering inside at what appeared to be a shipment of animal replicas, or more specifically, North American beavers. By now, Wint gazed on with equal curiosity, but he was also dumbfounded by this delivery.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Wint complained from his position on the ground. “That’s nothing more than a truckload of stuffed beavers.”
“Beavers galore! But they’re not stuffed in a traditional sense,” Oranger corrected. “They’re robotic, completely automated and quite deadly to their intended targets.”
“There’s enough beavers in that trailer to plug the Hoover Dam,” Molek said.
“Either that or keep Tiger swinging his club until he’s par for the course,” Mason snickered.
“This is what you’re bragging about? Nobody’s afraid of beavers,” Mark said.
“Hey, Leif, didn’t you kill the “beaver” with a cleaver in Vietnam?” Wint added spitefully.
“Always quick with the wit, aren’t you, Wint? But these aren’t your ordinary everyday beavers,” Oranger explained. “My beavers are drones, packed with enough Semtex and C-4 to flatten Big Red’s Diner if necessary.”
“It makes sense to me now,” Wint said. “Because the way I see it, these are the only beavers you’ll ever get a chance to stuff.”
“Oh, you’re so funny while lying in a pile of gravel and hillbilly piss,” Oranger lashed out. “But you won’t be joking much longer. Chip or no chip, you will soon believe in the power of Operation BC.” Oranger then reached into the back of the trailer and removed one animatronic creation. Its pelt was reddish brown, and its almond-shaped eyes remarkably lifelike, even under the scrutiny of direct sunlight.
“You must’ve named that one Justin?” Wint remarked. “Because you’re gonna be singing a horrible tune when this is all over.”
Oranger held up the beaver in front of Wint’s face and said, “For your information, this one is named Carmine. He could make all my dreams come true by turning you into a big ragu.”
Molek wobbled closer to Oranger and inspected the unique weaponry for himself. He was reluctantly pleased with what he took from the agent’s hands. “How do these things work exactly?” he asked Oranger.
“They’re entirely programmable. Once activated, each one tracks radio waves, which can be set to any frequency. In this case, I’ve pre-programmed the beavers to hone in on the Class V transponders, the identical chip our beagle currently houses. When crashing into anything within fifty feet of the target area, the beaver bombs detonate upon impact. And they operate on land or water, just like the real thing.”
“Ingenuous,” Molek commended, while Nepo pecked at the beaver in her owner’s hands.
“It smells like an actual animal,” Nepo noted.
“All of my beavers’ furs are authentic,” Oranger clarified. “I wanted to make this initial batch of forty prototypes look and smell as real as possible.”
“After all,” Mason added, “Nobody likes a phony beaver.”
“If you believe that, then you haven’t talked to those fellows inside Big Red’s Diner yet,” Mark mentioned.
Mark shifted closer to the trailer, still scanning the drone arsenal with a sense of disbelief. “Let me get this straight,” he commented to Oranger. “You poached and killed forty living creatures to replicate them with an equal number of artificial ones?”
“Actually, we slaughtered 150 animals for this campaign. Some of the pelts weren’t salvageable after electrocution,” Oranger said. “So much for our government’s efficiency, wouldn’t you agree?”
“You anti-tree huggers!” Wint screamed. “What would Al Gore have to say about all this environmental abuse?”
“Not much,” Molek surmised. “As far as I’m concerned, he’s still out mending fences somewhere in Tennessee. And despite the method of the beavers’ executions, our monthly electric bill is still cheaper than his.”
Mark’s eyes returned to the trailer’s contents, where he then noticed an unusual animal anchored between the stabilized beavers. This creation was at least twice as large as any of the other drones.  “Hold on a second,” Mark said. “There’s something else in there.” He pointed out the oddity for emphasis. “That one beaver doesn’t have any fur on it.”
“Must be the Brazilian model,” Wint said flippantly.
“That’s not a beaver,” Molek said. “It’s an armadillo.”
Apparently, Oranger was saving his biggest secret weapon for last. He gleefully unstrapped what he deemed as his most ominous creation and held it up in both hands above his head for everyone to observe. “Every worthwhile plan needs a foolproof backup,” he indicated. “In the event that my beavers somehow fail to terminate the beagle, I’ve constructed my most lethal drone. I call her Arma 937.”
In nature, of course, the armadillo wasn’t much bigger than a beaver, however this synthetic critter was an exception. But other than its exaggerated size, it appeared as authentic as the beavers in its physical characteristics.
“I take it that 937 isn’t an arbitrary number,” Mark said. “What does it mean?”
“I’m glad you asked, Agent Flyer,” Oranger said. “In south Vietnam, looming over the steamy jungles at 937 meters above sea level, there’s an infamous hill that Bravo Company charged in 1969. We managed to take the hill from the NVC, but not without incurring heavy casualties on both sides. That location has since been labeled Hamburger Hill.”
“It sounds like there’s a lot of cheese on that burger to me,” Wint said.
“Well, Arma will surely determine that when and if the time comes,” Oranger proclaimed. “She has more plastic explosives packed inside her belly than all forty of the beavers combined. If I send her into the woods for a fatal strike, nothing will remain within a twenty yard radius that won’t look like ground meat in the aftermath.”
“So you’re planning to go to these lengths to kill a dog?” Mark asked.
“Was a guy named Vick in your platoon, too, Leif?” Wint asked in a snarky voice.
“It’s purely a last resort,” Molek reminded Mark and Wint. “I’m sure Arma 937 will only be used as a deterrent, like the missiles we’ve stockpiled in silos across our fruited plains for the past sixty years.”
Mark wasn’t convinced, but his humanitarian stance still had little hope of sustaining itself while he slipped deeper under Molek’s domination. Now that Oranger’s big reveal was past tense, Molek summoned Mark back to the confines of his Caddy, where he planned to converse with him privately for a few moments.
“You see how it’s all coming together for me, Mr. Flyer?” Molek chimed. “When I paint my masterpiece, it will be hung in a gallery for the ages.” Molek reached into the car’s glove compartment and pulled forth a cellphone he confiscated from Mark after his capture. “Since I prefer to keep a low profile outside the Grove,” he proceeded, “I’d rather not send in the drones to reclaim the beagle. It’s too messy and loud.”
“What can I do to prevent that now, Hooty?”
“We both know you’ve sent your new man on this mission with an option to abandon it at your say so.” Molek set the cellphone on the armrest between them. “One call from you should end this escapade right here and now. Instruct your patsy to return the beagle to us at this location within the hour and I’ll promise you that we will settle our business as humanely as possible.”
“Do you think he’s gullible enough to surrender the beagle?”
“Humor me. Let’s find out.”
If Mark had any ability to resist Molek’s direction, he couldn’t demonstrate it when it mattered most.


Chapter 25


Since Mark neglected to specify the distance from the pathway to the bunker on the map, Kip and Bruce hiked at least five miles before they rechecked their location. A bevy of rocks and trees were situated in an unsystematic pattern along the Black River, but there was nothing that resembled what Mark stipulated in his instructions to Kip.
“Mark told me the bunker’s located behind a big rock set between two willow trees,” Kip said to the beagle. “But I don’t see anything like that, do you?”
“It’s starting to sound like a lot of balderdash to me,” Bruce answered. “I don’t know about you, but I’m tuckered and downright thirsty.” Bruce proceeded to sniff the ground, hoping to pick up a scent that might’ve pointed them in the right direction. “Maybe we should’ve turned off the path somewhere?”
“No,” Kip said. “The map doesn’t show us that. Mark said the bunker is situated alongside this river. We just have to keep following this trail until we find it.”
Bruce looked genuinely impressed with Kip’s stamina. “Hey, someone finally got his second wind,” he mentioned. Kip’s enthusiasm still didn’t prevent the beagle from venturing off the path toward the river’s edge. He descended a low spot on the embankment and lapped at the flowing water. After imbibing in the refreshing H2O, the dog settled gingerly into a patch of pink lady’s slippers flourishing on a weedy slope. Kip glared at him crossly.
“Just what do you think you’re doing?” Kip demanded to know.
“Chillax. You’re acting like a mother hen pecking seeds of discontent. I’m just taking a little breather. Sometimes, when they’re aren’t any roses, you can still stop and smell the other flowers.” The beagle then stretched out on the ground and inhaled the wildflowers with a certain degree of reverence.
“Who are you Tiny Tim all of a sudden? You don’t have time for you to go tip-pawing through the tulips now. We’ve got to find Dr. Wells’s bunker by 5:30 this afternoon or you’ll be kaput.”
“Stop being such a clock watcher, Kip. It’s really starting to tick me off. Besides, a true canine doesn’t even know the meaning of Time. Other than a stylish ditty by Pink Floyd, it’s a device devised by your kind to keep the masses in line. You’re all tethered to leashes that you can’t even see yourselves tugging on.”
“Well, aren’t you showing your dark side all of a sudden? Just remember, I’m risking my ass to save your hide, Bruce. And if you really want to know the truth, to me it looks like you’re giving up.”
Bruce picked his head up from the pink flowers momentarily, and then, in his best Meryl Streep impersonation, said, “The truth? I don’t even know what is the truth.”
“I’m not in the mood for this game right now,” Kip sighed.
“Fine. That’s your choice, or Sophia’s,” Bruce smirked.
“How do you imitate all those celebrities’ voices, anyway?”
“It’s a little talent, but it’s never gonna make me rich. I don’t do Meryl’s voice very often, though. It gives me Streep throat.”
“That’s better than deep throat.”
“I guess that all depends what end of it you’re on, doesn’t it?”
“Point taken.”
“Tell that to Lovelace,” Bruce countered. “For a Boreman, she bored no man like they bored her.”
“Okay, okay, I get it,” Kip said, holding out both hands. “I think we better stop here before we go NC-17.”
It soon became evident that Bruce intended to rest for a few minutes in spite of Kip’s reservations. Eventually, Kip found a small rock to sit on beside the wild orchids. He didn’t realize how tired he was until he stretched out his legs.
“You see,” Bruce said. “You’re all cramped up, aren’t you?”
“Maybe,” Kip conceded, while examining the flowers more closely. “Hey, these flowers aren’t tulips after all.”
“I guess I’ll put away my ukulele then.”
“They look like lady’s slippers. You know, as a kid I used to find these things growing in the woods and I picked them for my mother. She told me it was illegal to do that and I could’ve been fined or arrested.”
“Moms sure spun spools of spinsters’ tales back then, didn’t they?”
“Yeah, but I looked this one up years later, and she was right.”
“Wowsers. Can you imagine getting tossed in the clink for picking a flower? The other inmates would cower whenever you sauntered into the cellblock. That would be just your luck, Kip.”
Kip couldn’t contest what was probably truer than he even realized. Maybe they both needed a respite to rejuvenate. “You know,” Kip thought aloud. “You never did tell me what the “5” stood for in your full name, but I could guess it at this point.”
“You could try.”
“It obviously has something to do with the Class V microchip, right?”
“Is that your final answer or do you wanna phone a friend?”
“You mean that’s not it?”
“Not by a long shot or a short one either.”
“Okay…so what does the “5” mean then?”
“I take it you recall where the first part of my name originated?”
“Yeah. It’s from the mechanical shark in the movie Jaws,” Kip said. “I still don’t see what a prop shark has to do with a beagle though.”
“Do you remember the scene where Hooper dove down in the water to check out Ben Gardner’s anchored boat?” Bruce then reminded Kip of his jutting canine tooth, which looked similar to a shark’s tooth, with a little imagination.
“Is that the part where the green head with a missing eye popped out and scared the living crap out of everyone?”
“The very one. Anyway, before that happens, Hooper found a shark tooth in the hull of Gardner’s boat. Someone with an infinitely worse sense of humor than I thought it would be a clever idea to name me Bruce because of that single tooth’s similarity to the one stuck in my ugly muzzle.”
Kip appeared partially confused. “I get it now…almost. I still don’t understand the number five being part of your name though.”
“Jaws spawned three sequels, but each far worse than the one preceding it. If Edward D. Wood Jr. were still alive today, even he wouldn’t have the audacity to make another Jaws sequel. So you see, it’s fairly safe to assume that you’re looking at the only Bruce 5 on the planet.”
“That’s a pretty cool story when you think about it.”
“I try not to think about it, Kip, but I do have one question that’s been badgering me for about 30-dog years.”
“I’ll help you if I can,” Kip offered.
“In the book, did Hooper bang Chief Brody’s wife?”
Kip paused. He hadn’t read Benchley’s novel since the summer of 1978, right after Jaws 2 reminded audiences that it really wasn’t safe to go back into the water. But he was pretty sure about his answer. “I believe so. The shark killed him in the book, too.”
“That’s what I’ve always been told. What an eye-opener. Thanks for clarifying.”
“That’s it? You were actually troubled by this?”
“Yeppers,” Bruce said. “And I’ll tell you why. If by some miracle, hypothetically speaking, someday someone wrote a book about my life, I wouldn’t want to be like Matt Hooper in the novel. He’s the character everyone wanted dead. And no matter how much we hated and feared the man-eating shark, it was still somehow satisfying to know that the arrogant oceanographer got reconfigured into shark poop.”
“Maybe all cheaters should be carved up and served like chum,” Kip smirked.
“Don’t you mean all home-wreckers?” Bruce asked. “Because, technically speaking, Brody’s wife was the cheater and she didn’t die in the book. Our real predators aren’t in the sea after all. They walk on the land among us everyday.”
“This is getting too deep for me, Bruce.”
“Sorry. You’re right. No one wants to think about The Deep, unless they’re imagining Jacqueline Bisset in a wet T-shirt.”  
For a few minutes they sat side-by-side in silence, listening to the river’s water flow over the smooth stones in front of them. It was a rarity for either of these two to keep quiet for this long of period. Even with this short-lived attempt to ignore the time, Kip didn’t feel safe after they kept idle for more than ten minutes. Bruce sensed the fear in his mannerisms.
“You wear your fear like some people don Canoe cologne,” Bruce said. “Why are you so jumpy? You’re not the one chipped here.”
“I don’t want to screw this mission up,” Kip said. “Mark trusted me to get you to the bunker alive, and I now feel obligated to do it. We aren’t safe sitting out here in the open like this.”
“Do you think the bunker is going to make us any safer?”
“Mark seemed to think so.”
“There is no sanctuary, Kip. Didn’t you see Logan’s Run?” Bruce noticed that Kip refused to back down on this point. “Mark must’ve informed you about the cyanide in the microchips, huh?”
“You know about that, too?”
“Naturally.”
“Then you must understand why I’m being such a stickler about keeping on schedule. He told me the capsule’s core inside you is slowly dissolving. But if Dr. Wells demagnetizes the chip before it melts, you’ll be okay.”
Bruce yawned, as if he had heard this same spiel more times than he cared to cogitate. “Is this where I’m supposed to shiver and look like I just pinched a loaf on the new carpeting?”
“You must want to live,” Kip reasoned. “Otherwise you wouldn’t have come this far with me or Mark. It’s okay to be afraid sometimes, Bruce. It doesn’t make you any less of a dog in my eyes.”
“Outside of being forced to watch The View with Barbara Walters in the raw, I’ve never been terrified of anything in my life,” Bruce stated.
“The simple fact is we don’t have all the time in the world.”
“Neither did Connery’s first replacement. What’s your point?”
“You must be a little scared sometimes,” Kip insisted.
“Not even an iota.”
“Oh, come on. Don’t pull that macho dog crap with me. In reality, everyone is frightened of something.”
By averting eye contact with Kip, Bruce hinted to a concession. “Well,” he admitted, “Maybe there is one other thing that keeps me restless now and then.”
“I knew it. Okay, tell me what it is.”
“Are you sure you really want to know?”
“Yeah.”
“You must remember the film version of The Exorcist, right?” Bruce asked.
“Oh, god! Another movie? Not again.”
“Cool it. I’m not talking about George Burns here. Anyway, a lot of people still say that The Exorcist is the scariest movie they’ve ever seen. I agree, but not for all the scenes involving the possessed girl. The part that gives me the shivers every time is when Lieutenant Kinderman visits the MacNeils’ house to investigate Burke Dennings’s not-so-mysterious murder.”
“What’s so scary about that scene? The way I remember it, it’s one of the milder moments in the film.”
“Maybe from a casual observer’s point of view. But I remember Kinderman warning Regan’s mother to beware of a giraffe in the fall when the house is hot, especially one on a magic carpet. Do you realize how many autumn nights I stayed awake waiting for that bleeping giraffe to fly through my window like a crazed Aladdin and attack me in my wicker basket?”
“That chip in your neck is melting a lot faster than I thought,” Kip said. “Either that or you’re extremely hard-of-hearing.”
“What do you mean?”
Kip tried not to laugh at Bruce’s malapropism. “Lieutenant Kinderman never said anything about a giraffe on a magic carpet,” he explained. “He said ‘draft.’ And he used a magic carpet as a simile for the way bacteria can potentially enter a house through an open window.”
“You’re pretty confident about that, aren’t ya, Captain Howdy?”
“Very confident.”
“Then how do you explain that orange-colored, paper mache figure Regan sculpted and showed to her mother earlier in the film?”
“I don’t remember that part.”
“It was a weird hybrid animal that looked sort of like a deformed giraffe. And you could see it mounted on a silver rectangle that resembled a magic carpet. And I’d also like to point out the embroidery pattern Regan’s mom stitched in the waiting room when she took her daughter to the doctor’s office. It’s clearly a giraffe on a carpet.”
“You’re really stretching for a link now, aren’t you?”
“Maybe, or maybe not. Answer me this: when Burke Dennings died, he literally flew out of Regan’s window onto the infamous flight of stairs at the end of M street, right?”
“That’s the way Blatty wrote it,” Kip agreed.
“And strangely, the actor who played Burke Dennings, Jack MacGowran, died of flu complications shortly after The Exorcist was completed. It was his last role. Tell me that you don’t see an eerie coincidence between the way Dennings flew and MacGowran’s flu ended both their lives prematurely?”
“No one with normal functioning brain cells would make such a comparison unless he lived in his mother’s basement for far too many years.”
“Well, I guess I’ll just have to beg to differ with you on this issue, Kip. I’m sticking with my translation and you can stick with the version you’ve never seen.”
“You know, Bruce, whenever I talk to you my mind rotates more times than Linda Blair’s head on a Ferris wheel.”
The banter might’ve continued, but a sudden ringing of the cellphone Mark had given Kip shifted his attention back to their present circumstance. Kip patted the envelope he held, and realized he still had the phone tucked inside it.
“Are you expecting a call?” Bruce inquired.
Kip reached inside the envelope’s sleeve and fetched out the electronic device. “No. Mark said he wouldn’t call on this phone unless there was an emergency of some kind. It’s a secured line.”
Bruce inspected the cellphone’s keypad a moment before determining what they needed to do next. “Answer it,” he advised. “Put him on speaker, but be careful what you tell him.” By the sound of Bruce’s tone, it was obvious that he expected the worse. Kip did as instructed and accepted the call.
On the line’s other end, Mark’s voice sounded perfectly natural. Kip couldn’t hear any trace of distress in his tone whatsoever. “There’s been a change in plans,” Mark indicated.
“But we’re almost at the bunker,” Kip refuted.
“I understand,” Mark said, “but Dr. Wells just contacted me with information that it isn’t safe for you to proceed as planned. We need to abort this mission ASAP. Return to Big Red’s Diner immediately. Do you understand?”
By now, Bruce had heard enough. He motioned for Kip to lower the phone so that it was in range for him to speak into it. Kip leaned over and held the phone next to the beagle’s snout.
“Kip, did you hear my instructions?” Mark repeated. His voice was a bit more unsettled.
“We heard you the first time,” Bruce responded.
“Who’s this?” Mark questioned.
“It’s your friendly neighborhood beagle,” Bruce answered. “I’m sorry they got to you, Mark, but we’re not turning back. It’s nothing personal, but I gotta hang up now.” The beagle nudged the phone’s power button with his nose, thereby disconnecting the call. “If it rings again, don’t answer it,” he admonished Kip.
“Why? He might be telling us the truth.”
“Kip, you can’t be that witless. He’s more chipped than Dresden’s china.”
“How do you know for sure?”
“My doggie sense is tingling. You don’t need a giraffe flying through your window on a magic carpet to tell you that there’s some evil bleep at bay here.”
“What kind of evil are you talking about?”
“The kind that makes Pazuzu look like Olivia Newton John before she squeezed into her leather pants at the end of Grease.”
“You know, you don’t have to be so dramatic all the time,” Kip countered.
“Pardon me, but I’ve got chills, and they’re multiplying.”
“Well, just don’t lose control.”
“As long as you shape up, you’ll be the man, because my fate is set on you.”
“Why do I feel like my life is turning into a pulp fiction musical all of a sudden?”
Bruce used his best Mike Hammer voice and said, “Beats me, Zuko. Go ask Tarantino.”


Chapter 26


Seeking shelter in the shade for too long may have cut down on sunburn, but it proved to be an inferior protectant from the perils of a hot pursuit. With this notion in mind, Kip bounded forward onto the trail like a delirious Thanksgiving-eve shopper questing for a big-screen T.V. His frantic dash became almost too awkward for Bruce to watch, since the man had all the agility and grace of Rosie O’Donnell on a tightrope. It caused a spontaneous outburst from Bruce.
“Run, runner!” the beagle squealed.
Kip stopped in his tracks and said, “What did you say that for?”
Bruce trotted out of the patch of wildflowers and resumed a leisurely pace along the pathway. “Sorry. I just had an intense Yorkgasm.” Bruce cracked his neck and appeared unusually relaxed. “Boy, if I smoked, a cigarette would taste real bleeping good right about now.”
“What the hell is a ‘Yorkgasm’?”
“Never mind. The last time you had one of those was probably in 1976. But as long as my right paw isn’t blinking red, this won’t be our last day together.”
“Can you get serious for just one minute, Bruce? I have a feeling that the MUTTS aren’t finished with us yet. They want you dead. And I’m pretty sure they’re gonna make your grave big enough for the both of us if we’re caught.”
“You make Debbie Downer look like an eternal optimist. I’ve heard of guys who always see the glass being half empty, but you see it smashed to pieces in the middle of a drought. Lighten up. I’m surprised you don’t have dark shadows under your eyes, because Barnabas Collins had a sunnier disposition than you.”
“You’re not exactly the spokesperson for solar panels either, you know.”
The two forged ahead, but not with the speed or urgency that Kip hoped to inspire. After another two hundred yards or so, Kip realized that Bruce was circling back and sniffing at the ground as if he lost something.
“What’s the matter now?” Kip asked. His voice resonated with frustration. He noticed that Bruce suddenly looked pale, even for a white fur-faced dog. “Are you ill or something?”
“Yeppers. I haven’t felt this sick to my stomach since going to that Michael Bolton concert.”
“When have you ever gone to a Michael Bolton concert?”
“Okay, ya got me on that one, Kip. I lied. I’ve never attended one, but I couldn’t imagine anything more nauseating than that. Apparently, cheeseburgers and Milk Bones mix about as well as Bolton’s music and subtly. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve gotta squat to Big Red’s revenge.”
Bruce started to rotate and arch in his stance, which prompted Kip to pivot his head in disgust. “What are you doing?” he decried. “You can’t poop right here!”
“Oh, on the contrary, my misguided Padawan,” Bruce said. The dog proceeded to evacuate his bowels on the side of the path. Once finished, he kicked his hind legs back several times and turned to inspect the entrails. “Well, so much for that menace in my fanny. Let’s hope this isn’t a prequel for things to come.”
“That’s just gross,” Kip remarked, glancing at the heap of fresh dog crap.
“You’re not kidding. It sort of looks like Jar Jar Binks, don’t ya think?”
“No. It just looks like a mound of useless shit stinking up the scene.”
“And suddenly there’s a difference?”
Kip turned away with repulsion and resumed walking. “I guess they never taught you any kind of modesty in training school,” he said.
“Hey, do you think the majority of humans nowadays are any better than us dogs?” Bruce asked. “Go people-watching at Wal-Mart. It’s like a circus train chugged out of town and forgot to load up its freaks.”
They continued onward along the pathway for another fifteen minutes, stopping occasionally to monitor the area behind them, and also to search for the two willow trees that supposedly marked the bunker’s secret entrance. They saw no such trees. Twittering birds and the sound of rumbling river water provided a tranquility that one might’ve expected from such surroundings. Even though there was nothing to suggest that they were in any immediate danger, Kip had more questions than he did answers about the MUTTS appointed leader and followers.
“What else can you tell me about these guys who are chasing you?” he asked Bruce.
“Not a bleep of a lot. Like many of those involved in FIDO, I was only on a need-to-know basis.”
“I know Mark wasn’t the number one guy. Who’s in charge?”
“His name is Hal Molek. I’ve heard people call him ‘Hooty’, but other than that I don’t know very much about him. He’s part of the Bohemian Club, which hosts an adult male-only campground in the Californian redwoods for its elite members. They get boners and piss on trees, not necessarily in that order.”
“I’ve never heard of that club before.”
“Most people haven’t, and that’s the way secret organizations thrive. Once you find out about the man behind the curtain, he’s not that impressive anymore.”
“So does this guy think he’s some kind of a wizard?” Kip asked.
“I can’t say for sure. Not just anyone gets an invite to the Grove, Kip, and rumor has it that Molek is its chief organizer. From what I know, there’s a lot of High Jinks and Low Jinks going on in those woods every July.”
“How do you feel about him personally?”
“He’s a Grover, and not the kind you’d ordinarily find on Sesame Street.”
“Sounds like he’s got a big head, huh?”
“Bigger than the Talosian Keeper or Barry Bonds, take your pick.”
“Isn’t there anything you can say about him that’s good?”
“Well, the only thing he’s got going for him is that he didn’t make Greedo fire first at the Mos Eisley Cantina. But he’s still trying to kill hundreds of innocent dogs, including me. I guess that keeps him off my Fruit of the Month gift list.”
“He sounds like a demented megalomaniac to me,” Kip said.
“Let’s put it this way: he’s the kind of guy who’d organize a Nurse Ratched fan club. After all, microchips will soon become the lobotomies of the new millennium.”
“When did you first develop your grim outlook on humanity?”
“Right after I saw Ringo Starr in Caveman I knew we were heading down a long and winding road to nowhere. And I couldn’t even blame Spector for that atrocity.”
“Why do I keep trying to have a serious conversation with a beagle?” Kip groaned. “I deserve the answers I get.”
Perhaps that was a prophetic statement on Kip’s part, but no one truly deserved what was coming down the river’s pike next for both him and Bruce. A hundred yards upstream, the first wave of drone beavers swam in formation. They moved like a squadron of Kamikazes blanketing the horizon. Bruce had the presence of mind to glance toward the river’s currents. The beavers headed straight for them.
“They finally did it,” Bruce murmured. His snout pointed toward the impending danger. Kip’s eyes gradually drifted to the river to survey the crisis at large.
“Did what?”
“Drone beavers,” Bruce said ruefully. “I would’ve taken snakes or even crystal skulls, but why did it have to be drone beavers?”
Kip squinted as he peered into the sunlight. The beavers started to veer toward the riverbank about thirty yards from where Kip and Bruce remained positioned on the pathway. “Those maniacs!” Bruce screamed, pounding his paw into the dirt trail. “Damn them all to bleep!”
“I don’t see anything,” Kip admitted. “Just a bunch of beavers in the river.”
“Beavers don’t swim in bunches unless there’s a pool party at a sorority house,” Bruce said. “They’re coming for us!” Kip stood petrified in silence. He couldn’t gather his thoughts quickly enough to appease the beagle. “Don’t just stand there like an iconic statue buried in the sand. Say something!”
“I’m speechless,” Kip replied.
“You’re about as loquacious and useful as Nova.”
“Uh, in her defense, wasn’t she a mute?”
“Likely excuse. But I suppose doinking a producer has it perks. So what if you can’t read dialogue when you’ve got legs longer than Apocalypse Now Redux?”
Before Kip overreacted, he waited until the first wave of the fifteen visible beavers scuttled from the river and climbed an embankment in an unswerving line. Prior to progressing any farther, the mechanical creatures lifted their pancake tails in unison and sprayed streams of water out of their rear portholes simultaneously. Kip still surveyed the scene like a novice.
“How can you tell that they’re drone beavers?” he asked Bruce.
“Because in my experience real beavers don’t squirt.”
“Well, I might’ve seen it happen once or twice before.”
“Sorry, I’m not buying it, Quick Draw. You couldn’t make a water gun squirt.” 
“How do you know for sure?”
“Oh, cut the bleep, Paul Revere. You’re divorced. Once a beaver squirts at ya, it keeps coming back again. It’s like a boomerang on a carousel.”
Kip remained defiant, if only because he was tired of losing so many arguments with the beagle. After a few more seconds of observation, however, it became certain that the beavers’ behavior didn’t mimic authentic animals in a natural habitat. “Okay, maybe you’re right,” he conceded. “But they’re just beavers. How much harm can they really cause anyone?”
“That’s a question for Jerry Mathers or John Wayne Bobbitt, but not me,” Bruce replied. The beagle’s eyes then focused on the drones’ position more intently. After all of the robots exited the river and expelled the excess water, they began a purposeful march directly toward him. Bruce assessed the situation accordingly. “They must having homing signals, and I’m the home they’re looking to wreck.”
“So what do we do now?” Kip asked.
“Good question. I’d say phone The Fonz, but I think we jumped the shark on our own about three miles back.”
“Is it really that bad?”
“Kip, if things were any campier I’d pitch a tent.”
Kip scanned the immediate area, where he noticed a thicket of pricker bushes flanking the adjacent riverbank. The shrubbery might’ve been dense enough to potentially hide them both, but Bruce shook his head in refusal.
“Don’t even think about it,” Bruce admonished. “You don’t dive in bushes to elude beavers. That’s like jumping into the river when you wanna stay dry.”
If they needed further encouragement to do something, the beavers weren’t programmed to wait for their reaction. Bruce initially started to back step slowly, perhaps thinking that his microchip wouldn’t have been as traceable if he kept his body temperature under control. Kip followed the beagle in this instance, but it was more of a kneejerk reaction than a well-conceived strategy to make a getaway.
“They’re gaining on us,” Kip said, monitoring the approaching drones. “And they look really miffed.”
“Did you say ‘muff’?”
“Certainly not. I said ‘miffed.’ Seriously, if we get out of this alive, you gotta get your hearing checked.”
Bruce perked up his ears and yapped, “If you say so.”
Kip’s concentration reverted to the drones. “Don’t they look sort of mad to you?”
“Of course. This goes against their nature,” Bruce explained. “Beavers don’t usually hunt prey. They wait until it comes to them.”
“Maybe we should run away now.”
“It’s kind of ironic when you think about it, Kip. I mean, it’s likely that you and me having been chasing beavers for our entire lives. Now, they’re coming straight at us, and we can’t handle the pressure.”
“So what’s your point?”
Bruce reversed his position and shifted into a steady trot before he said, “I’ve eaten more beavers than a famished hillbilly from Oregon, but I don’t know if I tame these.”
“Well, we better do something. There’s a whole throng of them coming at us!”
“Did you just say ‘thong’?” Bruce asked.
“No. Why would I say that?”
“You wouldn’t. I just couldn’t resist the pun.”
“I think you better take an aspirin, Bruce, cause you’ve got beaver fever.” Kip kept pace with the beagle now, proving that it was instinctual to run faster with danger nipping at one’s heels. “Random thought here, but why did you call me Paul Revere a few seconds ago?” he asked Bruce.
“I’ll tell you in a minute, man.” Bruce found another gear in his four legs and suddenly bounded forward along the path in full sprint mode. Kip lagged behind, but not far enough to cause the dog to break stride. The beavers’ speed, although essentially unchanged since they assembled on dry ground, closed the gap regardless. Another battalion of drones appeared on the embankment in front of Kip and Bruce. They were now surrounded from two sides along the river.
“These beavers are very crafty,” Kip said, breathlessly.
“Did you ever encounter one that wasn’t?”
“Do you think it was Molek’s idea to use drones to attack us?”
“Maybe. But let’s blame it on bush instead. In this case, doubly so.”
Despite the odds of fleeing unscathed, Bruce still surveyed the landscape for an exodus. The only viable option was to swim across the river to its opposite bank.
“Now I know how General Custer felt at the Battle of Big Horny,” Bruce sighed.
“Uh, I think it was called the Battle of Little Big Horn, not ‘Big Horny’,” Kip corrected.
“You pick the names of your battles, Kip, and I’ll pick the names of mine.”
“Okay. If you want to take that stand, that’s fine by me.”
“It may be my last stand,” Bruce observed. He then eyeballed the river’s currents. He couldn’t tell how deep the water was, but that seemed secondary to their present plight. “We gotta cross it,” he told Kip. “I hope you can float in that pirate getup.”
“I don’t swim very well, but I think I can make it to the other side,” Kip said. “How about you? How are your swimming skills?”
“I dog paddle. Michael Phelps isn’t going to be looking over his shoulder with any sense of dread.”
Kip realized that another problem with getting wet was maintaining the contents of the dossier. Fortunately, he only still needed to secure the cellphone. He left the envelope’s remaining contents on the ground, including the map and money.
“I hope this thing is waterproof,” Kip said, stuffing the phone in his pant’s pocket.
Kip and Bruce squandered no more time. They leapt into the river just as the beavers had honed in on the beagle’s microchip signal. Two drones crossed paths and rammed into a line of trees beside the river’s bank, thereby exploding upon impact. Fragments of birch bark and upturned rocks splashed into the water beside Kip as he swam into the current.
“Holy Mexicana! It’s a taco fest out there,” Bruce said.
“They’re beaver bombs!” Kip screamed. “They’re blowing up!”
“Welcome to the big leagues, rookie. What did you think they were gonna do, sit there and wink at ya? These drones will make ya moan for all the wrong reasons,” Bruce said. The drones, of course, had already proven that they were as formidable on water as they were on land, if not more so. They reentered the river without hesitation. Kip reached the river’s opposite bank first, while Bruce narrowly avoided several explosions from his pursuers.
“Keep moving!” Bruce yowled. “Don’t stop for me!”
KaBoom! KaBoom! Kaboom!  
Three more detonations created miniature geysers on the river, which caused a plume of smoky water to rain down upon Bruce and Kip, but all of these assaults missed their mark. The beagle scampered from the river unfazed. At least two-dozen robots still paddled toward him. Rather than run immediately after touching dry land, Bruce shook out his pelt as if he just stepped out of a bath.
“Come on!” Kip hollered at the dog. “You’re gonna get whacked by those things!”
“Shut your pie hole, Kip,” Bruce returned. “If anything is gonna get waxed around here, it’ll be those beavers, not me!”
“I said ‘Whacked’!”
“Sure you did.”
Bruce resumed his pace up the embankment beside Kip. The two had only put about thirty yards between themselves and the drones at this point. Another plunge in the river was no longer conceivable. Kip began to ponder what he deemed as inevitable.
“I don’t want to die like this! What will people think of me?”
“Who knows?” Bruce said, “but your obituary should garnish a few chuckles around the water cooler—‘Man Killed by Exploding Beavers.’”
Kip couldn’t argue with the sick humor in that headline, so he instead searched for yet another avenue to avoid making the morning press. What he found triggered a jubilant cry. Two willow trees were positioned on a low ridge in the river’s bend, and just behind them, Kip saw a boulder marking the bunker’s entrance.
“I found it, Bruce! There’s the secret bunker!” Kip pointed wildly toward the site.
“Speak up,” Bruce said mordantly, “Otherwise the deaf people in Siberia won’t be able to hear you.”
“Sorry. I got carried away.”
“Well, keep moving, or you’re gonna get blown away.” Bruce glanced back at the drones as they ascended the incline toward them. “Don’t put away your shaving utensils too soon, Kippy. We’re not off Beaver Boulevard yet. The way I see it, things are still looking hairier than a 70’s centerfold.”


Chapter 27


The prospect of dodging the next drone strike seemed less promising to Bruce than Mel Gibson wearing a beaver puppet on his hand. But at least the bunker was in sight. Kip and the beagle angled down the sloping ground and crossed beneath the willow trees’ bowed branches. The robots descended the embankment in a beeline, reassembling for yet another assault. Kip already fetched the phone from his pocket. After accomplishing this, he depressed the power button and the phone’s screen illuminated.
“Hey, it still works,” he said to Bruce, referencing the gadget.
“Wonders never cease. Obviously, it wasn’t part of the last stimulus package,” Bruce said. “Now type in the password. We don’t have much time.”
“How much?”
“Less than Klinton Spilsbury had in Hollywood.”
“Who’s that?”
“I can’t remember, but he sounded a lot like James Keach.”
Kip started to thumb-punch the password into the phone’s keypad: W-E-A-V….
“They’re almost on top of us!”
“I can’t go any faster!” Kip exclaimed.
Bruce watched as the drones organized themselves in eight vertical lines and swerved toward him like tentacles. “Holy hulls! Octobeavers straight ahead, Captain!”  
When it seemed as though that the plan was about to become interrupted by a series of explosions, the beavers suddenly stopped in motion. It was as if the electronic circuits inside them fizzled simultaneously, rendering each of the thirty remaining drones as worthless as Ewok outtakes. Bruce had to do a double take to make certain that he wasn’t hallucinating. He wasn’t. The drones had all malfunctioned.
“Da drones! Da drones!” he said in a Tattoo-ish tone. By this time, Kip texted the password and sent it to Dr. Wells’s phone number. But his urgency was soon replaced by confusion after he noticed the beavers stationed motionless in the grassland.
“What happened?” he asked Bruce. “They’ve stopped moving.”
“Must be a contagious virus. I can’t think of anything else that would make a horde of beavers peter out so abruptly. Contrarily, a peter out is usually what keeps them coming.”
Bruce skulked forward with his nose pointed at the ground. Kip, of course, had his reservations about venturing too close to the drones, even if they were apparently deactivated. “Watch it!” he warned Bruce. “Those things still might blow up in your face.”
“Still beavers don’t explode, Kip. That’s the first rule verbatim from a self-help book entitled ‘She-tisfaction 1Ohhh1’.”
“Are you stoned? That’s not a real book.”
“You wouldn’t know a real book even if you were in it,” Bruce countered. The beagle inched onward until converging upon the beaver closest to the willow trees. He nudged it with his nose repeatedly, but the robotic critter remained inoperative.
“Do you notice anything strange?” Kip called to Bruce.
“It’s just what I figured,” Bruce said. “They’re STDs.”
“Really?”
“Yeppers—Stupidly Transmitted Drones. These things are out of commission. You might as well send out beaverments now.”
“You mean bereavements,” Kip said, but then realized he should’ve kept his mouth clamped shut. “I hate you sometimes, you know that, Bruce 5?”
“He, He,” the beagle chuckled with a wink. “Yeppers, I know.”
Although Kip believed he sent the message successfully, the doctor’s reply wasn’t immediate. If nothing else, the lull gave Bruce a chance to settle under the willow trees for a much-earned breather. Kip couldn’t argue with him on this occasion.
“Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees,” Bruce said, almost in reverie. “How aptly does that describe us right now?”
“It sounds almost poetic,” Kip commented. “Did you make it up yourself?”
“Noppers. It’s the last words of someone famous,” Bruce said. “But he scrawled most of his poetry on battlefields. Wanna take a guess on who said it?”
“Please don’t tell me it was General Custer.”
“No, Custer’s last words were probably the same as what that kid said about ghosts in The Sixth Sense: ‘I see red people.’”
“Wasn’t the line, ‘I see dead people’?”
“Unless Custer was looking in the mirror, I don’t see how that could be right.”
“Whatever. There’s no sense of stonewalling me on the quote. I’m not sure who said it.”
Bruce snickered before he replied, “Kip, sometimes you know things that you don’t think you know and vice versa. Let’s just leave it at that.”
Kip’s curiosity only lasted as long as his patience. After another two minutes, he still hadn’t received a reply from Dr. Wells with her portion of the password. He checked his watch, which although fogged on its face from an intake of water, still worked. He read the digital time as 3:45 P.M. Bruce looked on discerningly.
“Must be a Timex you’re wearing, huh?” Bruce remarked.
“How’d you guess?”
“Because unlike those drones, it still ticks after taking a licking.”
Kip was less interested in the quality of his watch than he was the actual time. He suspected that the MUTTS’ offense wouldn’t retreat to the sidelines after just one play. The woods suddenly became eerily silent.
“It’s quiet,” Kip whispered.
“I know—too quiet, right?” Bruce said in his John Wayne voice. “Don’t get your coiffure tied in a knot, pilgrim. You’re luckier than a Texan to still be alive.”
“Do you think Molek is gonna let us go free?” Kip asked Bruce.
“That’s about as likely to happen as SNL ever being funny again.”
“What else do you think he’s got up his sleeve? Those drones must’ve cost him a fortune.”
“This is a government operation, Kip. They cost you a fortune. Make no mistake about that. But I know Hooty wouldn’t blow his whole wad on a fleet of second-rate beavers. Give him twenty minutes or so and he’ll be up for round two.”
Kip checked the display on the smartphone again; still no reply from Dr. Wells. “Maybe she left the bunker,” Kip debated. “Or maybe she never even got here.”
“There’s that positive karma that I favor so much,” Bruce huffed. “You know, you’re about as sunny as Bono after he went skiing. Cher up.”
“Don’t you mean ‘cheer up’?”
Bruce circled his eyes in exasperation. “Boy, you’re quicker than a teenage boy on prom night, aren’t ya? Stop worrying so much and remember, babe, I’ve got your back, babe.”
“Mark told me that she’d respond to my text within five minutes.” Kip eyed his watch again, verifying that only three minutes had elapsed since he pushed the ‘send’ button.
“For the love of larva! Give the lady a little leeway, will ya? You’re already starting to bug the bleep out of me. Just think what you’ll do to the entomologist? She’ll hit you harder than Mrs. Kinter slapped Brody.”
“Pardon me. I just don’t want anymore sudden explosions going off.”
“Well, you better not stand too close to Belladonna then. She’s hotter than a tin roof in the Tennessean summertime. Ten seconds after seeing her, your underpants will be slicker than the inside of an oil drum.”
“So you’ve met her before?”
“I might’ve sniffed around her once or twice.”
“Is she really that pretty?”
“At least 20,000 leagues out of your league, Nemo.”
“I can’t fathom that.”
“But Raquel Welch could, and that’s exactly who Dr. Wells looks like.”
Kip took a deep breath and tried to appear disinterested. “It’s really not going to change anything, Bruce. I consider myself a professional, and I’m here to do a job. I’m sure Dr. Wells feels the same way about this mission.”
“Uh-huh,” Bruce remarked, while glancing at Kip’s crotch. “Tell me, is that a periscope in your pantaloons or are you just taking a breath of fresh air?”
“Oh, stop it,” Kip said, adjusting his pants.
“Wowsers, it’s not even nearly October and you’ve already got something red and submarine-shaped on the hunt.”
Kip felt embarrassed by the accusation, which caused the blush to rise in his cheeks like a computer nerd discovering his first porn site. “I don’t want to talk about Dr. Wells, got it?” Kip said, testily.
“I’m just yanking your chain a bit, Kippy,” Bruce assured. “Seriously, you’ve got to loosen up. You’re tighter than OJ’s leather glove at trial.”
“Excuse me for not breaking out into fits of uncontrollable laughter. Government agents are trying to kill us and all you want to do is crack jokes.”
“It’s called comic relief, Torpedo Speedo.”
“Well, did you ever hear of overkill?”
“You mean like the media doing another fluff feature on the First Family?”
“Yes. Very similar.”
“It’s too late for that, but I understand what you’re saying. I also think I know what’s bothering you,” Bruce said.
“You’re the only thing bothering me right now.”
“Nah, it’s something else. But I’ve got an idea to settle you nerves.”
“Why do I wholeheartedly doubt that?” Kip replied.
“Let’s talk about something that everyone can relate to in one way or another.”
“I’m almost afraid to know what you think that might be.”
“First loves,” Bruce said, matter-of-factly. Kip monitored the dog’s expression, trying to discern how Bruce planned to use such information against him at a later time. Besides, Kip wasn’t even certain he could recall his initial interest in this regard.
“I don’t see how talking about my love life is vital to anything that we’re doing now,” he said, dismissively.
“It’s not. That’s the whole point. C’mon and humor me. Who was it? And don’t tell me it was that termagant you called a wife either.”
Kip suddenly took a firmer stance on the issue. “You think I’m a pretty square guy, don’t you?”
“I’ve seen circles with sharper edges than you,” Bruce returned. Of course, the beagle was goading him.
“I’ve got some stories that I don’t talk about too often,” he said.
“Kip, for a fellow who’s dressed like a pirate, it’s obvious to me that you’ve gotten less booty in your lifetime than Sloth in The Goonies.”
“Well, I guess you don’t know everything about me after all, Bruce.”
“Prove it, Casanova.”
What harm could it really do? Kip pondered the notion, and despite its ridiculousness under the circumstances, he concluded that a little levity might not be such a horrendous antidote for his anxiety. It took him a moment to recollect what he deemed as his first true venture into love.
“If I’m being honest,” Kip reminisced, “the first woman I really fell in love with I never even met.”
“Weird. But because it’s you, I’m not entirely surprised.”
“I was ten or eleven I’d say, and my dad bought me a poster of Farrah Fawcett. It became her most famous image--the one of her in a red one-piece bathing suit. Anyway, I thumbtacked that poster on the wall next to my bed, and it stayed there until I left for college.”
“Farrah was a major angel, at least as far as Charlie was concerned, or was that Lee?” Bruce said. “The fact that you were obsessed with a one dimensional image of her is another matter, but we’ll tackle that issue at a later date.”
“Her darn cute smile is what got me, and something else I’d rather not mention,” Kip blushed.
“Her nipple, Kip. You can say it. You’re talking to a dog here. I’ve seen more nipples than a laborer on a dairy farm.”
“Okay, it was her boob,” Kip said, grinning like Bill Clinton at an intern-infested cigar party. “Anyway, the wildest thing about it was that I used to imagine that Farrah was watching me every time I got undressed for bed.”
“Holy mother of Thor,” Bruce chuckled, “your mom must’ve folded your sheets with a hammer.”
“No, it wasn’t like that.”
“Talk about your burning bed! Did they call you DiMaggio back then, cause you must’ve been one hell of a Yankee?”
“Seriously, I didn’t do that when I was a kid.” 
“Oh, don’t play that flaccid act with me, Stroker Ace. Your folks probably hung your bedspread like a piece of drywall by the time you got done with it.”
Whatever happened beneath that iconic Farrah poster or his bed covers, Kip wasn’t volunteering the details, but his face was almost as mischievous as his idol’s smile for a few seconds. He then redirected his blissful energy toward the beagle. “Alright,” he said, “now it’s your turn, Bruce.”
“I don’t remember saying we were taking turns, thunder balls.”
“Stop. Please never say that again.”
“If you insist, Kip. I’ll never say never again.”
“Now, it’s only fair that you share. I told you about my Farrah poster, including her boobs.”
“Tit for tat, huh?”
“Sure. Unless you’re too chicken to talk about puppy love,” Kip goaded. Bruce didn’t require much encouragement. He spilled his guts more often than the ritual of hara kiri.
“Let’s see,” Bruce mused. “Where should I begin? I guess it all started when I first saw Lana Wood. She gave me Plenty O’Toole back in the day.”
“Are you sure it wasn’t Peter O’Toole?” Kip said, whimsically.
“Hey, you’re a real card, Kip. But the last time you were funny, Eddie Murphy was still getting offered good scripts. Now here’s the real deal: leave the jibes to the pros from now on, okay?”
“Sorry for interrupting.”
“Anyway, I keep having this reoccurring dream of Bo Derek riding naked on horseback along a beach. I’m the horse,” Bruce said confidently.
“You’re also a delusional pervert. Besides, she’s already done that bit in a movie called Bolero.”
“So you don’t believe in sequels? Picture it: Bolero: II in 3D. She’ll be coming at you and you’ll be coming at her at the same time.”
“Someone call Scorsese. I think you found his next project.”
“Yuk it up all you want, but just remember this: that thing don’t eat hay.”
“Are you talking about the horse?”
“I’m not sure,” Bruce confessed. “Back in the day, a bulldog used to say that to me every time a pretty female pranced by our cages. I couldn’t ever really figure out what he meant.”
“Hmm, maybe it’s best you don’t,” Kip advised. “Seriously, I thought you’d pick someone like Lassie.”
“The collie? Bleep no. She’s too goodie-two-paws for me. Besides, did ya ever take a gander on how woolly that thing is? I’ve seen mammoths less furrier. After sniffing around her tail, I’d be snorting hairs out of my nostrils for weeks.”
Bruce might’ve challenged the wisdom in that suggestion, but the cellphone suddenly lit up in Kip’s hand. The incoming message was from the only person either of them wanted to hear from at this point. The text simply read: SPIDERS.
“Hey, I got one!” Kip exclaimed, showing Bruce the message.
“Great, Kip. Don’t get cocky!”
“Where have I heard that line before?”
“Beats me, Spy-walker.”
“Maybe we’re gonna be okay after all.” 
“That’s exactly what Stonewall Jackson thought on his way back from the Battle of Chancellorsville.”


Chapter 28


At this phase in Molek’s hunt, Kip wasn’t sure what to expect from his newfound nemesis. He remained somewhat skeptical about the possibility that a bunker even existed, until a boulder between the willows began to vibrate and reconfigure. It soon became evident that the rock was a meticulously constructed decoy; behind it was a steel door that opened like a hatch to a vault. It was difficult for Kip to imagine that anyone could’ve existed in such a subterranean environment for long periods without showing obvious signs of distress. But the woman who emerged from the bunker looked as though she thrived in the solitude of this refuge.
Since Kip was now a self-proclaimed “professional” spy, he tried his best to avoid gawking at Dr. Belladonna Wells’s feminine attributes. She threw better curves at her onlookers than Sandy Koufax in his prime. And Bruce may have even underestimated her similarity to Raquel; she bedazzled Kip by casting a spell on him with one glance of her caramel-colored eyes. Despite, the doctor’s conservative dress, Bruce focused on other details of her anatomy.
“Holy crustaceans,” Bruce growled with carnal delight. “I haven’t been this turned on since I saw Ursula Andress strut onto Crab Key’s beach holding conches. Wowsers, the things I wouldn’t do to her under the mango tree.”
“Control yourself, Bruce,” Kip scolded.
“I hope the doctor doesn’t say ‘no.’ Luckily for you, Kip, I kiss and shell.”
“You’re going to make a fool out of us if you don’t stop it.”
“Oh, cut me some slack, killjoy. Don’t tell me you’re not ogling her turd-slicer right now. That thing’s gotta be tighter than a crab’s bleep.”
As the doctor appeared in full view from the bunker, Kip lowered his voice. “Bruce, what’s wrong with you? Just because you’re named after a shark doesn’t mean you have to leer at her like she’s a bucket of chum! Do you want her to think you’re a filthy animal?”
Bruce cleared his throat and began to pant, “Uh, in case you haven’t noticed, Clouseau, I am an animal. And it’s the filthy part I’m trying to kick into gear. I haven’t unloaded a shot in the dark since Donny and Marie last graced the cover of Tiger Beat.”
“Even for an informant, that’s too much information,” Kip cringed.
“Look, Kip, sometimes a dog just needs to bury his bone. Now, whether I do it in the front yard or back is secondary to the task at hand.”
“Do I need to remind you that you don’t have any balls?” Kip mentioned.
“Low blow, Kippy. You really know how to crush a hound’s libido, don’t ya? But do you think she’ll notice?”
“Forget it, Bruce. Just keep it tucked in your sheath. She’s off limits.”
“I’m guessing here,” Bruce mused. “But with a dash of desperation and a jar of peanut butter, I could make her a honey of a rider in a jiffy.”
“It’s not gonna happen. So get your mind out of the gutter and the butter.”
“I wonder if she likes cream cheese on a beagle as much as a bagel?”
“You’re just impossible, Bruce!”
“Yep, like tellin’ the sun to leave the sky,” he sang in Perry Como’s voice.
“You need to think about something else,” Kip insisted.
“Bone blocker.”
“You know, I hate to tell you this, but you’re turning into Matt Hooper.”
“From the book or film?”
“The book.”
“Bleep. I was shooting for Dreyfuss.”
Before their conversation digressed even more so, Kip reminded Bruce of the mission at hand. Dr. Wells already unveiled the bunker enough for them to see the entrance from where they stood. She didn’t display any urgency in her mannerisms, but her expression commanded them to move closer. Kip strode ahead, while the beagle followed at his heels. Dr. Wells assessed him practically as Kip positioned within introductory range from her.
“You must be Kip Hinkle,” she said, tossing a swath of chestnut hair over the back of her shoulders. She looked as lovely up close as she did from afar.
“You’re reputation precedes you,” Bruce muttered to Kip.
Dr. Wells then held forth her hand, which was both delicately sculpted and firm in Kip’s palm. “I’m Belladonna Wells,” she announced. “But feel free to call me Bella.”
Bruce was thinking: What else can we feel for free?
Her eyes then shifted to the beagle; he waited impatiently for his own greeting. She stooped down to Bruce’s level (which was pretty low) and summoned him forward. Without hesitation, Bruce bounded toward the woman and jumped up on her bent knees. He immediately began to lick her hands and wrists, even flicking his tongue at her lips unsuccessfully a few times. Kip reacted with both disgust and envy; he wasn’t sure which feeling was more accurate or merited.
“Hi ya, Bruce. Boy, you’re acting like I haven’t seen you in ages,” she smiled.
“Feels like at least one million years B.C. to me, my fair one. I don’t want to rush in to anything, but I think I’m in love,” Bruce said.
“You’re always so suave to my ears,” she giggled.
“Just like a cue tip,” Bruce remarked. “But feel free to stick me in places you shouldn’t. Shhh. I won’t tell.”
Bella then stood up and returned her serious attention toward Kip. “I’m sure Mark told you what’s going on with the MUTTS.”
“Yeah. I don’t think he’s going to make it here, though,” Kip replied. “Molek has him now. Bruce thinks they put a microchip inside him.”
“Yes, I assumed as much when he didn’t confirm the password.” Bella surveyed the surroundings and decided that they needed to take cover. “Let’s go inside the bunker now,” she suggested. “It’s safer to talk in there.”
The bunker’s entrance was only wide enough to accommodate one person in single file formation. Bruce followed behind Kip, and Bella entered last, closing and locking the iron hatch behind her. Five concrete steps lead into a cubicle designed to fit four adults snugly. The main room had two working computers on an elevated stand, and a generator in the corner, which supplied the bunker’s light and power. An adjacent room housed a ventilation system, and a bathroom area. Another table was set up holding some electronic equipment and medical apparatus that Kip had never seen before.
“It’s not the Hilton, but I guess it’ll suffice for the time being,” Bruce said.
“Don't sound so ungrateful,” Kip chastised the dog. Bella laughed, displaying a grin that could’ve melted more hearts than a blowtorch at a Valentine’s Day supply center.
“It seems that you two have already bonded,” she remarked.
“Like glue to turpentine,” Kip groaned.
“Well, I know that Bruce can be quite a handful,” Bella said. “And I really want to thank you for risking your life to save the beagle and help expose FIDO for what it truly is. You must be a very brave man.”
Kip chuckled like the Pillsbury Doughboy being poked in his belly, and he might’ve even stood with his shoulders arched back for the first time in years. “I try my best,” he said in his deepest, non-Poppin’ Fresh voice.
“Yep, his heart is braver than a Scottish folk hero,” Bruce added contemptuously. It was now obvious that they were competing for Bella’s affections. But as Kip already surmised, she was more inclined to demobilize Molek and his MUTTS forever. Kip elected to ease the tension in the bunker by learning more about the doctor.
“Mark told me that you study insects,” Kip said.
“That’s right. I’m a scientist.”
“Please don’t take this the wrong way,” Kip said, “but I never met a woman who liked bugs before.”
“Until now,” Bruce interrupted. He then addressed Bella. “Hey, I know my name isn’t McFly, but can I still call you ‘Doc’?”
“Just don’t take her for a ride in a DeLorean,” Kip said.
“Don’t worry about it. There’s no future in that ride anyway.” Bruce returned.
Because Bella was somewhat accustomed to Bruce’s off-kilter conduct, she agreed to tolerate his harmless request. “Sure. I don’t care,” she said.
“I don’t mean to be nosey, Doc,” Bruce continued, “but considering my heritage, that’s a bit of a stretch. I was just wondering what kind of work ya did before you became a scientist and a spy?”
“Well, going way back, I worked on Wall Street for awhile,” she said.
“Just as I figured,” Bruce said, “a stock and bonds kinda girl.”
“I’m surprised you can even picture me as a girl doing bonds,” Bella gushed.
“It’s easier than imagining Denise Richards doing one.”
“Why? She had certain sheen about her.”
“He came later. But I can see you getting a little Moore action on Craig’s list after a Piercing or two.”
“What about Connery’s list?” Bella countered with a wink. Bruce was speechless for a moment as he cleared his throat. “What’s the matter?” she said, “Blofeld’s cat got your tongue, wise dog?”
“Nah,” replied Bruce. “I just got a little Fleming in my throat.”
“Are you two finished yet?” Kip asked, disgruntled.
“Don’t mind him,” Bruce said to Bella, “he’s just mad because he’s left out more often than Dalton in a 007 marathon.” 
Bella smiled and then expounded upon the situation as it now stood. “As you two know firsthand, we’ve encountered some uncalculated setbacks. The MUTTS are a lot closer than I first anticipated. With our cover now blown, it won’t be long before Molek finds us here. And it’s looking like Wint didn’t get away either. He hasn’t responded to my communications and I haven’t any confirmation that he’s transmitted the DVD’s contents on the closed circuit.”
“No offense, Doc, but I take it that this place isn’t bugged?”
“It’s clean, Bruce, but that’s really the least of our worries right now.”
“Tell me about it,” Kip said. “We were just attacked by a bevy of drones.”
“Fortunately, the beavers stopped working before they got close enough to explode,” Bruce clarified.
“Sounds like most of the guys I’ve dated in my life,” Bella said, comically.
“What do ya know?” Bruce said. “Doc has some racy jokes in her repartee after all. I’ve never seen this side of you before.”
“There’s a lot of sides of me you’ve never seen or will see,” she added. “But kidding aside, I stopped those drones with a few keystrokes.”
“I’d like to see some of those strokes sometime,” Bruce muttered. Kip nudged the beagle in order to silence him.
“That’s impressive,” Kip said to Bella. “I thought those drones had us for sure.”
“Too many beavers bog down a party, right, Doc?” Bruce said cheekily.
“I needed you here with me alive, Bruce,” she explained. “So I jammed the drones’ signals with magnetic waves and caused their computer chips to malfunction. Piece of cake.”
“Not from where I’m sitting,” Bruce said. “You’re a clever girl, but then again, we didn’t come here just so you could give us a view to a thrill either, did we?”
Bruce’s comment prompted Bella to redirect him and Kip to the table with the electronic equipment. The device she picked up looked similar to an industrial strength staple gun with clear cylinders attached to its handle. She then pointed to a digital stopwatch on one of the computer’s screens. A timed meter subtracted digits steadily. It flashed: 1:15 33 and counting.
“You see that,” Bella said, indicating the computer’s screen. “That’s how much time Bruce has left before the core of his microchip melts entirely. I think we all know what happens if that occurs.”
“Yeppers. It’ll be cyanide city for me,” Bruce confirmed. “My muzzle will be frothier than Kardashian’s lips after a private video shoot.” 
“But you can neutralize it now with that thing you’re holding, right?” Kip asked, motioning to the gadget in Bella’s hands.
“Of course,” Bella concurred. “But you and Bruce should understand that once I deactivate the chip, Bruce will lose the ability to communicate in conversational English and he’ll no longer understand or react to complex commands.”
“In other words, I’m gonna be slower than that dog Goliath in the old stop-motion animated show for kids.”
“Would it really be that awful?” Kip asked the dog.
“Have you ever watched Davey and Goliath sober? It’s like the Special Olympics for canines,” Bruce returned.
“You’ll be a regular beagle again,” Bella assured him. “But no more or less than that.”
“Well,” Kip said to Bruce, “it needs to be done. If you don’t get the chip demagnetized, you’ll be dead in a little over an hour. I don’t see the dilemma here.”
Maybe Kip didn’t understand, but he had forgotten that the situation had changed since the MUTTS kidnapped Mark and Wint. Bella realized that Bruce might’ve been the only legitimate tool to get Mark released in a trade of sorts with Molek. “It’s a long shot,” Bella debated, “but we still have over an hour to work with. It’ll only take me thirty seconds to get the chip neutralized. If Bruce will agree to it, I want to try and get Mark and Wint back alive.”
“Maybe they’ve already killed them,” Kip thought. “How would we know?”
“I don’t think they’ll do anything rash until after they get the beagle back in their possession,” Bella said. “But once they’ve got Bruce, it’s likely that they’ll kill us all.”
“But they’ve already tried to blow us to smithereens with those drones,” Kip said. “What makes you think they’d negotiate with us now?”
“They still don’t have the dog. They’d like to reclaim Bruce alive, if only for a short time to obtain any additional information he might know,” Bella said.
“Don’t worry about me,” Bruce assured. “I’ll be as mute as a Helen Keller in a monastery’s library.”
“You had to go there, didn’t you, Bruce?” Kip said.
“Sorry, let me call my seamstress. I’m running short on time and material here.”
“Listen,” Bella interjected. “Mark didn’t set me up in this bunker just to be a sitting duck. Now I’m not saying that what I’ve got planned is going to work out entirely in our favor, but it might give us a chance to survive and rescue Mark and Wint.”
“What did you have in mind, Bella?” Kip asked.
Bella put down the microchip neutralizer and directed Kip and Bruce to the second computer’s screen. She leaned over a table where it was situated and tapped a few codes onto the keyboard. The computer’s blue screen flashed to a split series of panels that showed the exterior view of the bunker and surrounding woods. Kip and Bruce concentrated on the images, but couldn’t figure out what exactly they were looking for.
“I don’t see Waldo yet,” Bruce quipped.
“Hush, puppy!” Bella commanded. Bruce obeyed, which was a minor victory in itself.
Kip smirked at the beagle and said, “It’s not just a pair of casual loafers anymore, is it, ruff guy?”
Bruce countered with this: “Kip, I’m gonna say the same two words to you that your plumber said to your ex wife right before he sat on her face—Pipe down!”
Bella continued with her discourse. “Stop squabbling and look at the monitor closely. What do you see?”
Bruce stared at the screen intently and said, “Uh, our reflections?”
“No, in the trees,” Bella said, directing their eyes with her finger. Kip squinted and discerned various oak and maple trees encompassing the bunker. He detected a few large bulbous objects tucked between several trees’ upper branches.
“Is that what you’re talking about?” he said, pointing to one of the things he couldn’t identify immediately. “They almost look like beehives,” he guessed.
“Good observation,” Bella said. “That’s exactly what they are. Well, to be more precise, they’re hives designed for Africanized honeybees. There’s five synthetic hives stationed in various trees surrounding this bunker.”
“Synthetic?” Kip questioned. “You mean the hives are fake?”
“Did Bon Jovi have a yard sale or something?” Bruce said.
“They’re manmade only on the outside,” Bella confirmed. “On the inside, I’ve bred and contained over ten thousand Apis mellifera, more commonly called killer bees.”
“You may be the breed winner when it comes to bugs,” Bruce said to Bella, “but why should we cash in our fates on a horde of invasive insects?”
“Do you know anything about killer bees, Bruce?” Bella asked.
“A little bit more than Nicholas Cage and marginally less than Harvey Klinger,” the beagle said.
“Who’s Harvey Klinger?” Kip inquired.
“Ask Marcia Brady,” Bruce advised.
“You must really like working with bees, huh?” Kip asked Bella.
“I do,” she replied. “They’re fascinating insects.”
“Seinfeld seemed to think so, too.”
“Can you please get serious for a second, Bruce?” Bella said.
“Sorry. Go ahead, Doc. Give us the buzz word on killer bees.”
“Contrary to what you may have been taught, Africanized honeybees are not so mysterious in nature. They’re simply hybrids of western honeybees,” she explained. “They have a notorious reputation because of their aggressive behavior and attack patterns. But by themselves, they are no bigger or deadlier than your standard versions of honeybees.”
“Bee-utiful,” Bruce huffed, “Just what we needed—thousands of miniaturized Alec Baldwins swarming around the scene bleeping everything up.”
“It does sound kind of dangerous,” Kip said to the doctor. “But at least I now understand why you were put in charge of this phase of the operation.”
“So let me get this straight,” Bruce asked Bella. “Your plan B really is Plan Bee?”
“I guess that’s an accurate way of describing it,” she agreed.
“I don’t think Michael Caine would approve of this plot point,” Bruce added.
“We’re not working with Mr. Caine, Bruce,” Kip said. “So why don’t we hear the doctor out before passing judgment? She may be our only hope.”
“Well, she sure doesn’t look like Obi Wan to me,” Bruce debated, “but I guess I’ve run out of options.” 


Chapter 29


Bella settled into a chair in front of the computer and enlarged an image of one of the beehives on the monitor. After a few clicks on the mouse, she pulled up a menu over the display. One popup showed a dial that looked liked a volume bar on any standard audio equipment. “If Molek and the others can be lured close enough to the hives,” she said, glancing toward the beagle, “and I think they can because we have the desired bait, then we can instigate the bees and launch an attack.”
“Are you sure your father wasn’t named H.G.?” Bruce asked her. “Because this is starting to resemble science fiction, with the emphasis on fiction rather than science.”
“To an outsider that’s understandable,” Bella continued, “but our government has been experimenting with environmental programs in counter defense for years. This project is only the tip of the ice burg.”
“That’s what DiCaprio thought right before he found out he wasn’t really king of the world,” Bruce commented.
“Just think of the ecological potential if we could manipulate the flight patterns and behavior of bees and other insects to serve our means?” Bella said.
“But these bees are real insects, correct?” Kip questioned.
“One hundred percent authentic,” she said.
“At the risk of sounding stupid, how do you control real bees?” Kip returned.
“With the hives,” she said. “Each of the artificial beehives are equipped with a scent to mimic a queen bee’s pheromones, as well as sonar frequency panels that permits a controller to influence their conduct with a mere touch of a button.”
“Someone call The Police, because this sounds like a Sting operation to me,” Bruce noted. As usual, Bella ignored the beagle’s cynicism. 
“If we’re able to get Molek to give Mark and Wint back to us unharmed in exchange for Bruce, we can utilize the bees to our advantage,” she said.
“Ahhh! Not the bees!” Bruce screamed in a high-pitched voice no one recognized.
“Is that necessary?” Bella asked.
 “Sorry,” he then said calmly, “but I’m still feeling a little cagey about this.”
Bella proceeded to exhibit her authority over the beehives by merely elevating the hives’ sonar frequency from her computer. “Watch the activity on the screen,” she instructed. As she increased the amount of sound waves, the bees stirred and exited the hives in larger numbers. “If I maintain this pitch level or higher,” she insisted, “the bees will swarm and strike whatever target they perceive as a threat.”
“Are they like drones?” Kip asked.
“No, Kip. Drone honeybees are males and they can’t sting,” Bella said.
Although Kip was initially fascinated with this demonstration, obvious questions troubled him. “Hypothetically speaking, let’s say that you provoke the bees to a degree where they go berserk. As soon as we release Bruce to Molek and disrupt the hives, we can no longer influence the bees’ behavior, right?”
“I hate to be a fly in the ointment, Doc,” Bruce added, “but Kip makes a valid point. What if your killer bees enjoy stinging a beagle as much as they do the baddies?”
Even before Bruce finished his question, Bella reached into a pocket in her lab coat and presented a small aerosol can. “You didn’t think I was really going to send you outside unprotected, did ya, Bruce?” she remarked.
“It wouldn’t be the first time I barebacked it,” Bruce replied.
“What is that?” Kip questioned, gesturing to the can.
“Bee repellent,” Bella said definitely. She then removed the cap from the canister and placed its nozzle under Bruce’s nose. “Take a whiff,” she suggested.
The beagle sniffed at the can, but showed no adverse reaction. “Smells kinda minty,” he said. “Like a candy cane.” She then let Kip smell the nozzle.
“That’s peppermint oil,” Bella said. “But there’s a lot of other organic spices mixed in the ingredients that repels bees and other insects. This particular spray has been tested on the hives outside. The Africanized bees refuse to land on anything that smells like it.”
“So the bees won’t sting the living daylights out of me if they get a whiff of that stuff?” Kip asked Bella.
“That’s what all my research indicates,” she said. “It’s up to Bruce on whether or not he wants prove my theory correct.”
“Do I look like one of The Platters to you? I’m not the Great Bee Tender,” Bruce remarked.
“I think you mean ‘pretender’,” Kip corrected.
“Go put a bung in your blowhole, Long John,” Bruce told Kip. He then addressed Bella. “Now, if I’m hearing you correctly, you’re asking me to put my tail at risk after being peppered with experimental peppermint spray?”
“That’s the gist of it,” Bella confirmed.
“That has gotta be the dumbest idea I’ve heard since they pitched Jaws the Revenge,” Bruce stated.
“Hey, wasn’t Michael Caine in that too?” Kip asked.
“You bet his Cockney accent he was,” Bruce said.
“I guess he made a lot of odd choices as a film star, huh?”
“He can blame it on Rio, Kip, but who can I fault if Doc’s mint jubilee mist turns out to be a bigger flop than Cutthroat Island?”
Bella seemed at bit miffed that Bruce questioned the legitimacy of her plan, but she understood his reservations. “I’ve tested the formula on other live specimens,” she said. “I used it on a few birds and some rodents. The bees made no contact with those animals. I believe that if you remain moderately still, with this product applied, the bees will strike alternate targets.”
“Does it work on humans, too?” Kip asked.
“Yes. I’ve tested it on myself as well,” Bella said.
“Then we all need to get sprayed with that stuff?”
“Of course. But now here’s the tricky part, Kip,” Bella explained. “It’s likely that the MUTTS won’t let Mark and Wint go free until we first give up Bruce to them.” She then turned her attention to the beagle. “This is where you’ll have to offer some additional help,” she informed the dog. “After you return to the MUTTS, it’s going to be extremely important for you to rub your fur up against Mark and Wint immediately, but don’t touch anybody else who might be with them.”
“So basically you want me to go get pelt-up?” Bruce asked.
“It doesn’t require much of this repellent to keep the bees at bay,” Bella continued. “By transferring just a hint of its fragrance onto Mark and Wint’s clothing or skin, it should be potent enough to prevent the bees from stinging you and them. If you can do that successfully, I’ll then trigger an attack from the bees. I know it sounds a little farfetched, but I think it’ll work.”
“Farfetched? Rin Tin Tin couldn’t retrieve this bleep with radar.”
“Hey, don’t be so rude. She’s only trying to help us.”
“Kip, this sounds about as happening as The Happening,” Bruce said, gruffly.
At this point, Bella pushed her seat away from the computer angrily. “Look, Bruce,” she complained. “I’m trying to save your life here. If you have a better idea to get all of us out of this jam alive, I’d like to know what it is right now.”
“Settle down, Doc. It sounds like you got a bee in your bonnet,” Bruce said. “Okay, I’ll admit that I haven’t thought of an alternate strategy as of yet.” Bella then motioned toward the digital clock on the other computer’s screen. The stopwatch hadn’t ceased in its function. The countdown flashed: 1:09.22.
“Time is about to run out on us,” she said, bitterly.
“Where’s the Master of Disaster when I need him most?” Bruce sighed.
“Why do you think Apollo Creed could weather this storm any better than you?” Kip returned.
“Not that Master of Disaster—the other one who’d be lost in space without his bifocals,” Bruce said.
“Oh, he’s on a towering adventure far beyond here,” Kip offered. “Under the circumstances, Bruce, this doesn’t sound like such an outlandish proposition. Besides, you’re always up for a new adventure, aren’t ya?”
“True, but this one seems like it was contrived by Pluto Nash.”
“You know, Bruce, ” Kip criticized, “for not being born a dachshund, you’re awfully frank.”
“Just when I started to lose faith in you, Kip, you turn into a hot dog with your puns,” Bruce smirked. “I really didn’t think you’d muster the wit to keep up with me.”
“Just relish the moment then,” Kip advised, “and give Dr. Wells a chance to catch up as well.”
“From puns to buns. You’re really on a roll.”
“I’m nervous about this plan too,” Kip admitted, “but we’ve got to try something. And who knows, maybe the bees really are our friends.”
“You ought to be Cained just for saying that,” Bruce grimaced.
There really wasn’t much else for Bruce to debate. After all, the MUTTS were going to find one way or another to recoup him. Whether they took him back dead or alive might’ve mattered in the moment, but nothing would’ve saved the dog if those who vowed to protect him were eliminated. After a few seconds of humbling contemplation, Bruce elected to make amends with Dr. Wells.
“Let’s speak privately, Doc,” he suggested to her. Bruce then gestured for Kip to hit the bricks, but he had only about ten paces (and no bricks) in the bunker to put between himself and them. Bella still seemed irritated by the beagle’s peevish attitude toward her research.
“Maybe I was a little rash with you,” Bruce admitted to her.
“A little?” she huffed, rolling her eyes.
“Okay, I was more like a bad case of shingles. Can you forgive me or do I gotta beg and make those wimpy whimpering sounds you people love so much?”
“Well, you know what they say about bygones, right?”
“Yeppers, they go both ways.”
Bella’s features softened with a smile, permitting a glimpse of her girlish charm to project toward the beagle and his awkward apology. Of course, Bruce hadn’t mastered the art of flirtation, so he came across as a novice applying too much paint to the canvas in front of him.
“Did I mention how bee-guiling you look today, Doc?” 
“Don’t try to butter me up, Bruce.”
“Funny you should mention that, because just a little earlier…”
“BRUUUCCCEE!” Kip hollered from the adjacent part of the bunker, verifying that he wasn’t even close to being out of earshot.
“Geez, I suddenly feel like I’m at a Springsteen concert,” Bruce grumbled. “Okay, okay,” he yelled to Kip. He then redirected his attention to the doctor. “I’m not big on small talk,” he told her, “so I’ll just come right out and ask you.”
“Ask me what?” Bella questioned, skeptically.
“Are you into fly-by-night guys?” Bruce said.
“You mean like people who never have a plan?”
“No, I mean like Jeff Goldblum in Telepods.”
“Bruce, I don’t really think my social life is relevant here, do you?”
“Hey, if I’m gonna wear your bee deodorant like a suit of armor, I’m thinking that maybe I could show you a pretty good knight, too.”
“Uh, just because you can talk now doesn’t mean that I’ve forgotten you’re a dog, albeit a very peculiar pedigree,” Bella reminded him. “I like dogs, Bruce, just not in the same way as I do people.”
“Because you’re the spy who bugs me, I’ll tell ya a little secret. Bees may make honey, Doc, but beagles supply it in ample portions.”
“I’ll jot that down in my notes under the title ‘total gross-outs’,” Bella cringed. She then held up the can of repellant and sprayed the contents on Bruce’s pelt. She only used a small portion of it on his entire body, which made the beagle slightly nervous.
“Are you sure that’s enough?”
“A little goes a long way,” Bella assured. She then winked at the beagle and whispered, “In most circumstances.”
Bruce smiled and said in a Bob Barker voice, “Thanks, Doc, now I’m sprayed, neutered, and ready for my showcase showdown.” Before Bruce made this conversation any weirder than it already was, Kip strayed back close enough to Bella where his eavesdropping no longer seemed inadvertent. Rather than keep him waiting, Bella called Kip forth and told him to hold out his arms while she applied the repellant to his body.
“Rub it into your exposed skin,” she directed Kip. He smeared the substance along his forearms and around his neck diligently. “Don’t forget your face,” she advised.
“Are you allergic to bee stings, Kip?” Bella then asked.
“I don’t think so,” he said, still smearing the repellant on his exposed skin. “This stuff feels kind of waxy.”
“It’ll wash off with soap and water,” Bella said.
“Yeppers, Kip,” Bruce said, before changing his voice to sound like Mr. Miyagi. “Wax on, wax off. You’re used to doing that anyway.” Both Kip and Bella ignored Bruce’s comment, which aggravated him more than a reprimand.
Bella handed Kip the can and turned around, “I need you to spray it all over my back,” she said. Suddenly, Kip looked vindicated. He knew that Bruce was envious because of this extra attention and unsolicited request. The beagle stewed in jealously as Kip emptied the can’s contents on Bella’s buttocks, thighs, legs, and ankles.
“That’s good,” Bella said to Kip, “but don’t put too much on my feet.”
“You’ll have to forgive the amateur,” Bruce chuckled. “Obviously, he’s never sprayed a woman in the right places before.”
“I think I liked it better when you couldn’t talk, Bruce,” Bella groaned.
Another victory for Kip, miniscule as it was. He bowed mockingly at the beagle, imitating Daniel LaRusso in The Karate Kid. “Next time,” Kip cautioned Bruce, “you’ll mind your own beeswax.”
After all three of them were thoroughly covered with bee repellant, they had little else to do other than anticipate their pursuers’ arrival. Of course, Bella’s expectation was that the MUTTS simply wouldn’t wait them out, especially since Mark knew the whereabouts of the bunker’s location. Kip then brought up a potential problem.
“If Mark knows about this bunker,” he pondered, “doesn’t he also know about the beehives you have here, Bella?”
“He does,” she admitted. “But I’m estimating that the Class V microchip might’ve delayed some of his memory function. In other words, if Mark isn’t asked a question directly related to my bees, he may have no cause to remember that they exist. However, I can’t be one hundred percent sure, so we’ll just have to wait and see what happens.”
“And what about Winter Greene? Is he gonna turn out to be a lifesaver, too? Or aren’t you certain about him either?” Bruce asked.
“Last time I spoke to Wint, he knew almost nothing about my work here,” Bella replied. “I’m hoping that Mark didn’t say too much to him, or vice versa.” 
“That doesn’t sound too promising,” Kip said, “but I guess we don’t have any other recourse right now.” He positioned himself in front of the computer, while Bella switched to a video screen on the monitor that gave them a front view of the surrounding woods.
“That’s the only clear access to this bunker,” Bella said, pointing to a thin pathway on the screen. “The river is behind us. When they come for Bruce, we’ll see them on that trail.” Kip still appeared distressed; he was shaking erratically enough to attract Bruce’s criticism.
“Get a hold of yourself, Kip,” Bruce said. “You’re more jittery than Michael J. Fox in a meat locker.”
“What’d you expect?” Kip responded. “This is my first mission.”
“Just be thankful you don’t have to go out there and hobnob with the people who are trying to tear out your brain like bloody baboons,” Bruce said, channeling Heston once again. Kip decided to sit down in a chair, figuring that his anxiety would’ve been less obvious to Bella in this position. His lightheadedness, however, couldn’t be overlooked.
“Are you going to be okay?” Bella asked him. “I have some smelling salts if you start to get too dizzy.”
“My head is spinning,” Kip said woozily.
“I’d say call Father Merrin, but I think he’s dead,” Bruce muttered.
“Look,” Bella chastised Bruce. “Give the guy some credit, would ya?”
“Did you say Ouija?”
“No. Why would I say that now?” Bella asked.
“You’d be bored if I told ya. Seriously, I’m just trying to toughen him up, Doc. When the bleep hits the fan I wanna make sure Kip is still in circulation.”
“I think his circulation is just fine,” Bella said, placing her hand on Kip’s knee. “He’s a good man, Bruce. The sooner you realize that, the better off we’ll all be.”
Kip smiled and gave Bruce a thumb’s up sign. Bruce decided to bide his time for now, even if he had only about an hour left to live according to the digital countdown.


Chapter 30


The narrow trial bending through the woodland toward the bunker wasn’t designed to accommodate a Cadillac towing a supersized crew, but Molek hadn’t broken in a pair of sandals since Charles Manson tried to compel one of the Beach Boys to make him a rock star. Since hiking was out of the question, Molek assigned the bumpy navigational duties to Mark. His newly tagged informant had some previous knowledge of the terrain, and assured everyone that he knew the bunker’s precise location. Mason and Oranger joined Wint in the backseat, who was gagged, while Nepo assumed the role of a bratty parrot upon her podgy protector’s lap.
Needless to mention, things weren’t going as smoothly as Molek envisioned, and he began to second-guess his decision to allow Oranger an attempt to flush their quarry from the woods with drone beavers. Suddenly, the formally menacing inclusion of Arma 937 didn’t loom as nearly as promising in Molek’s judgment. At this rate, Alex Jones was more likely to get an invite to the Bohemian Club’s annual Cremation of Care than anybody associated with the MUTTS. The turbulence within the car, however, didn’t prevent Oranger from aggrandizing about another phantom flashback from his combat operations.
“This terrain reminds me of the jungles of South Vietnam,” Oranger mulled. He held the drone armadillo on his lap in the same manner that Molek transported Nepo. “Everything looks the same.”
“How could it possibly look the same?” Mason retaliated. “There’s no tropical plants growing in the wild in northern New Jersey. Does anybody see a palm tree or a rice patty around here? Because I sure the hell don’t!” Mason still tried to grasp why nobody within the car ever questioned Oranger’s false accounts. Perhaps they all shared some warped amusement in Oranger’s brain malady that may have been as equally disturbing in its own right.
“I don’t expect you to grasp my nightmares,” Oranger said to Mason. “Before judging me, try enduring a tour of duty in the middle of the Tet Offensive.”
“Leif, you’ve never even been on jury duty, let alone a tour of duty.”
“There are things about me you’ll never even glean, Brick,” Oranger returned.
“Maybe I really am hardheaded,” Mason grumbled. “I’m always hoping to turn over a new Leif, but this old one keeps showing up instead.”
Normally, Molek didn’t tolerate any form of bickering from his passengers, but he had other matters to contend with now. Nepo, on the other hand, scanned the car’s dashboard for an eject button. “Remind me why we pretend to find these imbeciles beneficial to our plight,” the bird cooed in Molek’s ear. He simply scratched the bird under her beak so that she settled down. It was very likely that he couldn’t think of a reasonable response to the macaw’s question at the moment. But he offered his bird a tidbit of wisdom to nibble upon.
“When you sail with a ship of fools, is it ever a wonder when plans run aground?”
Before any intervention became necessary, the vehicle in which they rode in supplied another distraction. Despite Molek’s instructions for Mark to drive without regard for the car’s mechanical ability, the Caddy made a decision to stop on its own. Its front wheels sank into the mud about forty yards from the willow trees. Mark was pleased that the car managed to travel as far as it did into the thicket. But Molek didn’t participate in any enthusiastic praise for premature victories. Finding the bunker was merely an expectation for the big Boho at this stage of the chase. At least Oranger and Mason had the common sense to strap their yaps for now.
“Why have we stopped?” Molek sneered at Mark. He probably knew the answer to his own question; the tires on his side of the car were already half wedged in the earth. 
“We’re gonna have to hump it from here,” Mark said. “The ground’s too soft for your…err, I mean the car’s weight. But the bunker is right up ahead, between those two willow trees.”
Rather than react to the short jaunt between them and their destination, Molek pulled forth the cellphone he confiscated from Mark earlier. He then placed it on the console between them.
“What do you expect me to do now?” Mark asked, glancing at the cellphone. He was currently as obedient as a trained seal at Sea World. All he needed was a pair of flippers and a beach ball. Nepo took a cruel delight in picking on the man; then again, she pecked apart most things whenever she espied an opportunity.
“We expect you to die,” Nepo said, winking her golden eye at Molek as she hopped on top of his shoulder.
“Not so fast,” Molek interjected. “Right now, Mr. Flyer. All I’m asking you to do is tap your crazy fingers on that phone’s keypad. Someone should be expecting a call from you, wouldn’t you agree?”
Mark picked up the phone without questioning Molek any further. He knew whom to call, but he didn’t know what to say to Kip without first being instructed by the man who suddenly controlled all his thoughts.
“Advise your former alliance that we’ve come to collect what is rightfully ours,” Molek stated.
“Make no bones about it,” Nepo added. “We want the dog back alive so we can torture it and kill it slowly.”
“For a macaw,” Molek grinned, “you really are quite wicked, aren’t you?” Nepo released an irritating screech, which basically meant she opened her mouth again.
Molek then pivoted his massive frame toward Oranger in the backseat. “It’s likely that they will refuse Mr. Flyer’s request to willingly submit the dog to us,” he said. “In the event that that should occur, Mr. Oranger, are you convinced that your armadillo is more efficient at killing than your now defunct beaver drones?”
Oranger recognized another chance when he saw it dangling before his eyes like a carrot on a stick, and perhaps this last one would’ve provided him with the redemption necessary to finally make it into the Grove as a guest.
“Arma won’t let you down, Hooty,” Oranger said. Mason didn’t look as convinced as his partner with this proclamation, but the last thing Molek wanted to hear now was the opinion of a naysayer. Molek returned his attention toward Mark.
“If you ever expect to sit on top of the world, Mr. Flyer, you must be prepared to occupy it’s lower bowels for a spell,” Molek explained. “Now, I want you to prove yourself worthy of my good graces. Lure that beagle back to me in the same condition as you took it from FIDO, and I might be inclined to delay cutting you out of our loop like a diseased polyp from a colon.”
“He’ll need some intestinal fortitude for that, Hooty,” Oranger noted. The bootlicker rarely buckled whenever afforded a chance to flaunt his allegiance.
“Is he on the mark, Mr. Flyer? Do you got the right stuff in your gut?”
Mark nodded his chin, but his choices were already being made for him.
The wait inside the bunker turned out to be just as uptight. Although the Caddy had progressed within forty yards of their shelter, the bunker’s surveillance cameras hadn’t scanned its image on the computer’s screen. The countdown now decreased to a time that should’ve caused Bruce more anxiety than he willfully revealed. It read 51:47. The beagle’s sheer nervousness generated his latest verbal mudslide.
“We should have a code name for this operation,” Bruce suggested.
Bella shrugged her shoulders and peered at Kip for a reaction. “You’d love to create one, wouldn’t you?” she then asked Bruce.
“As much as Joanie loves Chachi,” Bruce returned.
“I’m new at this,” Kip said, “so give it your best shot.”
“Well, if I’m not misinformed, honeybees die immediately after they sting, right, Doc?” Bruce thought aloud. Bella nodded in agreement, shoveling the dog all the encouragement he needed to continue. “So in a very real sense, the bees’ attack mission is knowingly fatal. Therefore I say we call this thing OKB.”
“You really crave your acronyms, don’t you?” Kip noted. “It’s like your life is one big text message. I’m almost afraid to ask what this one stands for.” 
“What does it mean?” Bella asked.
Bruce managed to keep a straight muzzle when he replied, “Operation Kamikaz-Bee.”
“That’s really clever,” Bella smiled. “I like it. I thought you’d make it perverted somehow, but you managed to keep it clean. You’re making progress. Good boy.”
“I’ll admit,” Bruce conceded, “it would’ve been more appropriate if we were deploying Japanese beetles, but I’m sure Yoko Ono wasn’t available anyway.”
“What do you think, Kip?” Bella said. “Do you approve?”
“OKB is okay by me,” he said.
“Whew, lucky break,” Bruce huffed, “because I don’t think my second choice was quite as catchy.”
“Color me curious,” Bella said, “but what alternate name did you come up with?”
“Operation Zom-Bees.”
“Why would you call it that, Bruce?” Kip asked. “I don’t see the connection.” “Neither did I, but zombies are in everything nowadays. I just didn’t want to be stuck in a grave situation later on.”
Bella let loose an obvious sigh of relief when the cellphone flashed on the table beside Kip. It buzzed twice before Kip clutched the device in his hand.
“Remember what we talked about,” Bella said to him before he accepted the call. “Don’t make it too obvious that we’re willing to give up Bruce. They’ll expect we’re up to something sneaky otherwise.”
Kip exhaled a few deep breaths and released them rhythmically, apparently preparing for the call by reducing his stress level. After several turns of this demonstration, Bruce had observed enough.
“Are you in Lamaze class or answering the phone?” the beagle griped.
“I’m trying to calm down,” Kip said. “I can’t sound too nervous.”
“Let him do it his way, Bruce,” Bella chided. Once again, at least for now, Bruce obeyed her command, if somewhat begrudgingly.
“Live and let fly, right, Doc?” the beagle groused.
Kip harnessed what remained of his courage and depressed the ‘accept’ display on the phone’s screen. He waited to hear the voice on the other end.
“Kip? Are you there?” Mark’s voice was on speaker.
“Yeah, it’s me,” Kip answered lowly into the phone.
“You probably figured out by now that we’re outside the bunker waiting.”
“We didn’t know that,” Kip said, checking the computer’s screen. “But we knew you’d lead the MUTTS to us eventually.”
“We don’t want to hurt you or Dr. Wells, Kip. We just want our beagle back.”
“That can be arranged, Mark. But we’d like something in exchange from Molek, too.”
“What do you want?”
“You and Wint. We already know Molek has him held hostage as well. If Molek lets Wint and you come back to the bunker unharmed, we’ll give him Bruce 5 with no questions asked.”
Molek listened to this conversation skeptically. He then forwarded his compliance to Mark with a single nod, signifying that the deal was acceptable, save for one condition. He whispered his request in Nepo’s ear; the bird in turn transferred the message to Mark.
“Molek agrees to your terms,” Mark said into the phone. “But he wants you all to come outside the bunker when we make the trade. We don’t want any surprises.”
“Fair enough. Give us a few minutes, and we’ll bring the dog outside.” Mark clicked off the phone and tossed it back onto the table. “How’d I do?” he asked Bella.
“Surprisingly believable,” she commended.
“You’re never gonna win any gold statues in Hollywood, but then again, neither did Hitchcock,” Bruce said.
Meanwhile, inside the Caddy, Mark was doing his best to calculate his options, which really depended on whatever Molek deemed advantageous. The other passengers remained remarkably passive while their leader cogitated a counter strategy.
“So you’re just gonna let me and Wint go back with them?” Mark asked Molek.
“That would be the easiest thing to do,” Molek mused. “But, of course, not necessarily the wisest.” He opened the car’s glove box and removed a 45-caliber handgun, replete with an ivory handle carved with an owl’s face. Those who knew Molek realized that he only brandished this weapon for special occasions. Apparently, the thought of terminating the defectors rated fairly high on his bucket list.
“I take it that your gun isn’t going to used as a peace offering?” Mark gulped.
“Well, I thought about throwing stones, but this will be much more efficient,” Molek replied. He then pivoted toward the backseat and held out the gun for Mason to take. “Mr. Mason,” he said. “Please treat my gun as if it was your own.”
“My pleasure,” Mason said, clutching the weapon’s bone-white grip. Oranger watched this transaction with some degree of envy, but he was still holding his armadillo close to his body.
While gratuitously stroking Nepo’s tail feathers, Molek fleshed out their own plan. “Mr. Oranger and Mr. Mason, you will escort Mr. Flyer and Mr. Greene to the bunker and give them to Dr. Wells and Mr. Hinkle as we agreed. Do this exchange graciously, but don’t do it until you have the beagle in your possession. After you’ve secured the dog , I want you to shoot Dr. Wells and Mr. Hinkle. Is that understood?”
“You want me to kill them?” Mason asked.
“No,” Nepo interjected with sarcasm. “He wants you to make them perform tricks like we’re at a menagerie.”
“I don’t even know what a menagerie is,” Mason remarked.
“And they say I’m the one with the bird brain,” Nepo squawked.
“Shoot them until they stop quivering,” Molek confirmed. “As you know, Mr. Mason, we aren’t in the business of people knowing our business. After we leave these woods behind, I don’t want to be going down the road feeling bad about what we’ve accomplished.”
“I understand, Hooty. I’ll shoot Kip Hinkle between his eyes without even blinking twice. But I’ve never killed a woman before,” Mason admitted.
“Think of Dr. Wells as you do your mother-in-law. That should make the task a tad easier,” Molek joked. “But, make no mistake, the brown-eyed girl must die, too.”
“But they’re my friends,” Mark mentioned.
“Not anymore, Mr. Flyer,” Molek reminded him. “As a member of the Agency, you have no friends that are indispensible. All of your thoughts, desires, and actions belong to us. If you wish to live, they must die.”
“I understand, Hooty,” Mark said.
“What about the dog?” Oranger asked.
“We’ll need to gather data from the beagle’s microchip before we put him down. If possible, I’d like to bring him back alive.”
Wint had stopped struggling beneath his gag a few minutes earlier, but his eyes reflected disapproval. Mark simply sat waiting for some confirmation about his own future. “How can I be sure that you won’t have me shot, too?” he asked Molek. Nepo jiggled her head up and down wildly at this proposition, but Molek wasn’t saying anything else for now on that matter. However, his fraudulent smile revealed far more than any words his forked tongue might’ve formed.


Chapter 31


Right from the starting block, no one ever promised Bruce a Disney-like conclusion to his marathon run in FIDO. Then again, nobody ever hinted to a possibility of him being stung to death by a colony of enraged killer bees either. He wore his brave, come-and-get-me face, because that’s what most dogs did before they got their tails kicked. But Bella sensed some second thoughts brewing in the canine’s cranium. She had every intention of getting him out of this situation alive, and with as few beestings as manageable. Bruce glanced at the computer screen anxiously alongside Bella and Kip. They only had a few more minutes of preparation.
“You look confused,” Kip said to him.
“I haven’t been this disillusioned since I saw Harry Potter in Trolls,” Bruce said.
“Everything is going to be okay,” Bella assured them both. She then revealed a small remote no bigger than her hand. The device had a single red button on its casing and a knob on its front side, which she twisted all the way to the right.
“What’s that thing for?” Kip asked her, gesturing to the remote.
“It's a remote control to activate the sonar waves for each hive. Once we’re outside, I just have to hit this red button once. The bees will do the rest.”
“Not that I don’t appreciate your escape plan, Doc, but what do we do if the bees don’t feel like playing along with us today?”
“That won’t happen,” Bella assured him.
“Well, the Lorax may speak for the trees, but since when did you become a cheerleader for the bees?” Bruce returned.
“Since I’ve earned a degree,” she replied.
“Good answer. You score a B+ for that effort,” Bruce said. “You know, Doc, you’ll always be A-number-one in my book. But I’d still feel a whole lot better about things if I had Donald Pleasence bleeped-off and standing next to me with a machine gun right now.”
“Hey, didn’t he play the POTUS once?” Kip asked.
“I don’t give a bleep about your president,” Bruce fired back in a voice sounding like Kurt Russell with a soar throat.
“Look,” Bella said, stepping between them like a referee. “You guys can duke it out later. If everyone stays calm and Bruce does exactly as planned, we should come out of this without taking too many licks.” As soon as she finished her statement, Bella knew that she had selected the wrong phrasing. Bruce was all over it like hidden owls on architecture.
“Uh, call me inquisitive, Doc, but just how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie like you?”
“More than Pavlov’s dog’s salivary glands could’ve produced in a lifetime,” she said.
“I wouldn’t be too sure about that. I’m no Mark Spitz, but I can go a few laps.”
“Bruce, this tootsie would rather bleep Dustin Hoffman while he’s in drag,” Bella returned. She then stomped to the far end of the bunker, purposely separating herself from the beagle.
Bruce turned to Kip with sheepish gaze. His ears folded against his head. “At least she didn’t say Dabney Coleman in drag,” he sighed. “By the way, did she just use a ‘bleep’ in place of a curse word?”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure she did.”
“She’s playing hard like a coquette.”
“No,” Kip refuted, “I just think you’ve repulsed her into censorship.”
“Don’t let jealousy get the best of ya,” Bruce said. “I guess you don’t recognize sexual tension when it’s taut.”
“Maybe not, but I know vomit when I see it, and I think she just wiped some of it from the corner of her mouth.”
“Ya gotta learn how to read between the lines, especially the bikini lines.”
“If that’s reading lines, you’ve taken illiteracy to newfound heights.”
“Then why do I feel like Dudley Moore running on a beach in slow motion right now?”
“She’s not your 10, Bruce,” Kip said flatly.
“Do you think I gotta shot if she styles her hair in cornrows?”
“Even less so.”
“Maybe she likes older Derek-licks.”
Bella returned to them with a sterner expression. If this was their idea of playtime, it was coming to an abrupt halt. She looked serious as she approached the computer and punched in an electronic code to unlock the bunker’s steel door. Kip and Bruce sighed simultaneously. It suddenly occurred to them that they might never have another chance to verbally spar with one other.
“Looks like this is it,” Kip said to Bruce. “Are you ready?”
“Are you kidding me? You’re not talkin’ to Chicken Little here. Even the sky falling down wouldn’t scare me now.”
Kip then pivoted to Bella and said, “I guess he’s good to go.”
Bella checked the hives on the monitor, and then the signal on her remote control. “Perfect. I think the bees are ready too,” she said.
“They’ll be breaking out in hives when I get through with them,” Bruce assured her with a smile. They all referred to the digital clock. The time read: 42:07.
Kip then reached out his hand and patted the top of Bruce’s head repeatedly. “I know that we might not ever see each other again under these same circumstances,” he said, “but I liked working with you, Bruce. You’re a good dog, and that’s saying a lot.”
“Don’t get all mawkish on me,” Bruce stated, “otherwise you’re gonna spew out a Jerry Mcguireism. And once you spurt one out, you can’t ever take it back. Now, I for one have already eaten enough crow to last me two lifetimes in dog years.”
“I was never really good at goodbyes,” Kip admitted.
“Unless you’re the son of a deceased Beatle, it’s much too late for goodbyes,” Bruce said.
“Why do I keep trying to have a meaningful conversation with you?”
Bruce then resorted to his Bogart impersonation once again. “Look at it this way, Kip. We’ll always have Paris Hilton.”
“Uh, I don’t think that’s the way the line goes, does it?”
“Noppers, it’s just wishful thinking. But it’ll pass, just like her fifteen minutes of fame did.”
The bunker’s door clicked and vibrated from above them and a subsequent spray of late afternoon sunlight flanked the shelter’s interior. Without apparent justification, Bruce narrowed his eyes and began growling in an almost feverish pitch. He spun in circles, nipping at his own tail and fidgeting in a spasmodic display of lost awareness. Kip had never witnessed anything quite like this before from the beagle. 
“GRRR! GRRR! GRRR!” Brue sounded.
“Bruce!” Kip shouted. “Are you okay? What the hell are you doing?”
The dog needed a few additional seconds to get his temperament under control, but then he stopped growling and drooling just as rapidly as he started. He appeared refreshed and bright eyed. His tail curled like a kaiser blade.
“What just happened?” Kip asked. Bella peered over his shoulder, equally confused.
“Wowsers. I felt as engorged as Marmaduke there for a minute,” Bruce panted.
“You looked like you were having a seizure or something!” 
“Take it down a peg, Ahab,” Bruce said to Kip. “I was just growlerbaiting.”
“That’s deeply disturbing,” Bella commented. “But it looks like you’ve got the thing mastered.”
“It helps me relieve stress,” Bruce stated, “and keeps my pelt shiny and soft.”
“How long have you been doing that?” Kip asked, appalled.
“Beats me,” Bruce simpered. “Probably ever since I saw Phobe Cates do her iconic poolside top-drop. Holy Reinhold, that’s one piece of crow where I’d like to have a second helping.”
“Do you ever think about anything else?” Kip said.
“Ah, don’t judge me. Growlerbation is a fact of life. You’re just lucky I can’t grip anything with my paws,” Bruce grumbled.
“I give up,” Kip said, throwing his hands to his sides. “You know, Bruce, you’ve gone way beyond Matt Hooper on the irritating scale. You’re entering Lethal Weapon 4 territory right now. I don’t even think Jodi Foster would talk to you.”
“What if I taught her how to put a hand inside a beaver?”
“Mel’s already shown her how to do that.”
“Was it before or after she was a little girl living down the lane?”
“Many years after that. Just drop it, okay? Try to be a little nicer.”
“Do ya expect me to act like that sappy dude from The Notebook or something?”
“Sure, why not? People adored him, especially women.”
“I’d rather rename myself Sparky before I bought into that maudlin tripe.”
“Boys, I hate to break up your little routine, but we’re trying to save our own asses here,” Bella reminded them. She then directed her hostility at the beagle. “Now, Bruce, if you want to growl-off, do it later. Right now, we’ve got a job to finish.”
“I guess it’s always bees-ness before pleasure,” Bruce said to Kip. Kip tried to act disgusted with the dog, but it was hard for him to stay mad at such a silly beagle for more than a few seconds. Bruce and Kip began to climb the steps toward the open door.
“OKB begins now,” Bella said, while checking the computers one final time before joining them on the stairs. She then concealed the remote control in a pocket of her lab coat and said, “Bring on the sting.”
“Rest assured,” Bruce said to Kip. “You’re gonna be a new man after all this stinging is over.”
“Are you sure you remember what to do?” Kip asked Bruce. The beagle nodded.
He still beamed with a fresh puppy’s vigor, but he trembled a bit.
“Let’s do this before I lose control of my bowels again,” Bruce suggested.
“You’re a little nervous, huh?” Kip asked.
“Only about as anxious as a Christian in Egypt. It’s likely that I’m probably in more danger than I realize,” the beagle noted. “But I plan to die another day, preferably while chowing down on a blackberry.” 
“Only one blackberry?” Kip questioned.
“Why? Do you know where I can find another one just as juicy?”
Bella simply shook her head and stopped on the stairs, “You know, Bruce, I wish I had a kitchen sink in here now, because that’s just about the only thing left you haven’t thrown into the mix today.”
“I wouldn’t toss good trail mix on that, Doc. Because contrary to the pervasive cliché, some old dogs never run out of new tricks.”


Chapter 32


As Bruce emerged from the bunker with Kip and Bella, Molek scrutinized their movements from the comfort of his car. He instructed the others to exit the vehicle. Only Nepo was permitted to remain beside him inside the Caddy. Although Molek didn’t notice anything that might’ve hinted to a ploy to foil his scheme, he knew Bella was too crafty to surrender the beagle without formulating a counter strategy. He also discerned something about Kip that struck him as peculiar.
“Are my eyes deceiving me?” he mentioned to Nepo, “or is Mr. Flyer’s wingman dressed like a buccaneer?”
“You have eagle eye vision, sir,” Nepo assured him.
“Perhaps you’d like to sit on his shoulder instead than mine?” Molek chuckled.
“Pardon the expression,” the bird replied, “but fat chance.”
“Strange taste in attire,” he mused. Nepo simply pumped her head, without bothering to point out that his own wardrobe was in dire need of a massive overhaul.
“They’re making this far too easy for us,” Nepo said, drawing attention to what Molek had already surmised.
After Mason secured Wint’s gag, and lugged him from the backseat by his shirt’s collar, he slipped the gun inside of his own jacket. Oranger and Mark joined him on the muddy trail. They now waited for Molek’s instruction, but he was reluctant to give it as originally conferred. Before anyone stepped another inch forward, Molek called Oranger to the passenger’s side window. Oranger still clung to his last drone.
“I want you to stay beside the car with your little friend,” Molek informed Oranger. “Mr. Mason will escort Mr. Flyer and Mr. Greene to the bunker alone.”
“That’s fine, Hooty,” Oranger complied. “Any particular reason?”
“Have you ever known me to make decisions without reasoning, Mr. Oranger?” Oranger shook his head submissively as Molek tweaked the plan. He trembled slightly in his stance as he waited for his boss’s explanation. “In case there are any unforeseen mishaps, I want you to be in a strategic position to release your armadillo on our former cohorts. I’m counting on this drone to work as you designed it.”
“Arma is solid, and ready to go off big time, sir,” Oranger confirmed.
“You’ve promised me the world in the past,” Molek said. “And all you’ve thus far delivered are anecdotes about Saigon.”
“I know that’s not enough to satisfy you,” Oranger groveled. “But I won’t fail you again. I’ll bet my Purple Heart on it.”
“We know you won’t let us down,” Nepo added as she raised her sharpened talon. “Or my claws will become more cutting edge than your drones.”
As Mason guided Mark and Wint edged toward the bunker, Bruce observed an immediate problem. “Two of them are staying back by the car,” he told Bella. “What are we gonna do now?”
“Stay calm, and hold your position,” Bella commanded, keeping her eyes focused straight toward the approaching men. “We continue as planned.”
“It’s your house call, Doc, but if OKB turns out to be DOA, it’ll be more damaging to your career than if you ripped up a photo of the Pope on national TV.”
“You think I’ll be that much of a goner, huh?” Bella said.
“Worse. Maybe even an O’Conner,” Bruce returned.
“You know, for a beagle, you really do have a wacky way with words,” Bella commented.
“Hey, nobody does it better,” Bruce said with a wink.
“Though sometimes I wish someone could,” Kip grumbled.
“Keep dreaming, Simple Simon,” Bruce cracked.
Mason maneuvered within twenty paces of the willow trees. He still had his gun concealed, and Mark maintained his silence without forwarding the faintest hint of nonverbal communication to his allies. His Class V chip rewired him better than Molek expected. On the other hand, because of his gag, Wint attempted to blink a warning in Mores code to Bella, indicating the peril that they were about to unwittingly encounter, but she was too preoccupied making sure she had her hand firmly on the remote control. In the meantime, Bruce prepared himself mentally for the coerced exchange. Kip’s only responsibilities at the moment revolved around maintaining consciousness and appearing as acquiescent as possible.
“I’m getting a negative vibe,” Bruce muttered to Bella. “I knew things were really bad, but it just dawned upon me that the remake of The Wicker Man looks like high art in comparison to what we’re doing.”
“You really are a drama dog, aren’t you?” Bella sighed.
Whether their idea was riddled with more holes than a gopher graveyard became a moot point. Mason already readied himself and his captives for the trade. Even if they would’ve abandoned OKB now, Bella knew that they wouldn’t make it back to the bunker alive.
“Good to see you again, Dr. Wells,” Mason shouted. He sounded no more sincere with his salutation than a hastily selected Hallmark card. Mark’s hand wave came across as equally artificial. Only Wint tried to expose the vile nature of Mason’s order, but his rapidly blinking eyes proved ineffective.
Bella and Kip offered Bruce one final look, which was a cross between reckless hope and trepidation. “Are you positive you’re ready?” Bella asked Bruce.
“I’m about as ready as Evel Knievel was when he tried to jump Snake River Canyon.”
“Don’t worry,” Kip told the beagle. “We gotcha covered.”
“Hopefully more than Eleanor Rigby,” Bruce said.
Bruce padded forward across the field, sidestepping a few defunct beavers on his way to rejoin Mark, albeit under very different circumstances. Once in range for a proper man-dog greeting, Bruce leapt up onto Mark, who received him like a wet football. The beagle made sure he rubbed up against him, while Bella observed the transfer patiently.
“How ya doing, Mark?” Bruce said. “Aside from that glazed look in your eyes, you seem almost human.”
“I didn’t expect you to be so receptive of me now,” Mark said. “But we’re old friends, right?”
“Sure, like Martin and Lewis. How’s that Mac-Chip working out for ya so far?”
“Honestly, it’s gonna take some time getting used to.”
“I think you’ll find a few bugs in it real soon,” Bruce whispered.
Mason stood by awkwardly, peering at the dog with a sense of disbelief. “I still can’t get over the way those microchips can make a dog speak,” he commented. Bruce jumped down from Mark and trotted past Mason without touching him. The dog then circled Wint once and jumped up onto him. He noticed that his hands and mouth were bound with duct tape, but that didn’t prevent him from making as much contact as possible.
“Are you under a gag order?” Bruce said to him. Wint mumbled something inaudible, but Bruce already sniffed out the fear in his eyes. “You look like something I deposited on this trail a few miles back, but at least you’re not a tablet of Soylent Green yet,” he said to Wint. The dog winked at Wint before turning to face Mason.
“Are you finished with your hellos?” Mason sneered at the beagle.
“You tell me,” Bruce responded. “Are you gonna let my friends go now?”
By now, it was certain that Mason had no intention of releasing Mark or Wint. Instead of answering the beagle, he withdrew the gun from inside his jacket and pointed it at Bella and Kip.
“Is this the part where you start cackling like an ogre and reveal your boss’s entire plan to us?” Bruce asked Mason.
“You didn’t really think we we’re going to let you live, did you?” he shouted to Dr. Wells. She withheld a reply. Her finger had already depressed the red button on the remote control. However, the bees’ reaction time was slower than she anticipated, which caused her to panic slightly.
“Is it working?” Kip asked her. He wasn’t nearly as sedate. His face dripped with dollops of sweat. Bella glanced at the hives. The bees began to stir, but hadn’t yet gone into attack mode.
“The signal must be compromised,” Bella said. “We need a few more minutes.”
“I don’t think we’ve got it,” Kip returned.
Mason already aimed his weapon at his two targets. He had a look in his eye that was grittier than his first name. “It’s nothing personal, of course,” Mason said. “But I’m sure you know that I answer to a higher power too.”
“Didn’t we have a deal?” Kip asked incredulously. He still concentrated on the hives, which began to vibrate more intensely in the surrounding treetops. Mason didn’t pretend to hide his glee in response to Kip’s rebuttal. Yet he failed to notice the enraged insects accumulating just above where he stood.
“I don’t remember making a deal with you,” Mason chuckled.
“No,” Mark interjected. “I’m the one who made them a deal.”
“It’s no time to fight for bragging rights, Monte,” Bruce said to Mark. “We want to know what’s behind curtain number two.”
“I’ll show you,” Mark said. “They don’t call me Agent Flyer for nothing.” Mark then displayed his most acrobatic move in recent memory. In an instant that was too quick for Mason to defend, Mark issued a flying roundhouse kick into Mason’s hand, dislodging his gun and rendering the man defenseless against the forthcoming assault. The gun fell harmlessly onto the ground, causing the beagle to rejoice at the uncalculated breakdown in Mark’s microchip.
“Chip glitch!” Bruce bayed. “Un-bee-lievable!”
Mason was stunned, and he had no time to compensate from what happened next. The bees swarmed over him like a black funnel, enveloping his body as if he was lacquered in a sheath of honey. And these killer bees intended to emulate their namesake, The screams forwarded from Mason proved that they were not in any mood to negotiate. As Bella predicted, the repellant seemed to work as intended. The bees centered their attack on Mason, while leaving the others who benefited from the spray virtually untouched.
While Mason wriggled on the ground like an deracinated earthworm, Oranger heeded the tumult with his own shriek. But the bees weren’t partial to sound; and his own jerky dash back toward the Caddy signaled the swarming insects in his direction. Molek had already closed the car’s windows and locked the doors, and he had no intention of letting Oranger inside the vehicle now.
“Let me in!” Oranger wailed. He nearly dropped his prized drone as the bees peppered his clothing. “Aerial strike! Sneak attack!” Although Oranger banged on the window several seconds, Molek made no attempt to open the car’s door.
“Where’s your full metal jacket now!” Bruce howled at Oranger.
“Release the armadillo,” Molek demanded. “You must finish this now, Mr. Oranger!”
As the bees draped over him like a tarpaulin, Oranger flicked a power switch on the drone’s underside. He watched the robot’s eyes flash fluorescent yellow, indicating that it was fully activated. Despite being stung multiple times, Oranger set the armadillo on the ground in its attack position.
Bruce, Mark, and Wint rejoined Kip and Bella on the open field. The bees buzzed on all sides of them, but none of them were stung more than a couple times. The real danger now presented itself in the form of Oranger’s secret weapon.
“It’s Armageddon time!” Oranger squealed, though it couldn’t be determined if the pitch of his voice was instigated by jubilation or outright agony.
“He’s got another drone!” Kip exclaimed.
“And this one looks like it means business,” Mark noted.
Oranger unleashed Arma 937, and since the robot was preprogrammed to track Class V microchips, the prime targets stood a mere twenty-five feet away. Even as Oranger sprinted toward the river in order to shake off the bees and avert an explosion, the insects continued their rapid assault. He expected to hear a detonation, which should’ve been massive enough to kill anyone within a twenty-yard radius. But as he plunged into the river and submerged beneath the currents, he discerned nothing but the cheers of Kip and Bruce echoing over the riverbank. Arma revealed itself to be a mightier dud than the beaver drones. Before progressing ten feet, the robot sputtered and came to a standstill. It’s yellow eyes fizzled and faded to black. The imminent threat suddenly seemed passé.
“That bald drone is even more dysfunctional than the others,” Kip told Bruce excitedly.
“Yeppers,’ the beagle agreed. “It must be a bad case of razor burnout.”
“NOOOOOOO!” screamed Oranger from the rushing water. A beard of bees covered his face as he continued to float down the river between the jutting rocks.
“Ease up on the hyperbolic interjections, Darth!” Bruce yelped at him, but Oranger had nothing more to offer in the form of coherent words. Bruce and Kip watched until the river currents took him down stream and out of sight.
“Do you think he’s coming back?” Kip asked Bruce.
“Not even as a CGI ghost,” Bruce thought aloud.
However brief or fulfilling this triumph was, it didn’t linger long in their minds. Mark and Wint were quick to point out that the central target still remained secured in his Caddy. What none of them witnessed, however, was Molek’s hasty preparation for his next strike, but it wasn’t one he could’ve attempted without his biddable bird.
“I need you to fly out there and get my gun,” he told Nepo. Molek had already opened the car’s window. “Those fools can’t do anything right. I should’ve never trusted them.”
The parrot certainly expressed no urgency in joining Mason, who remained prone and motionless on the ground. By now, however, the bees had ceased their attack on him somewhat. Many returned to the hives, while others flitted faraway from the repellant. This lull provided Nepo with an opportunity to earn an extra handful of sesame seeds from her master’s hand. After all, when it came right down to it, the simplest pleasures in life motivated man and animal alike.
Nepo took flight, dunking low at the ground’s vegetation as she honed in on the weapon. As soon as the bird soared into sight, Bruce sniffed her out like a quail from the bush. He charged toward the gun, zeroing in on it, but his sluggish pace was no contest for Nepo’s swift pursuit. Without landing, the agile avis grappled the weapon with fluent ease, then sailed back toward the sky without skipping a beat of her wings.
“Holy Burt Ward!” Bruce bellowed to Kip. “Is that a robin?”
“No. It’s a macaw! Boy, I wonder about you sometimes, Bruce,” Kip sighed.
Nepo aimed to return to the car with the gun in her possession, but the extra weight she carted caused instant fatigue. She touched down for a breather in the nearest limb of a maple tree, cawing maniacally at Bruce. The beagle chased her as far as the tree, but that’s where the limitations of his doggedness came to a standstill.
“She’s grabbed the gun!” Mark called from across the field.
“Drop the gun!” Bruce hollered at the bird. Instead of relinquishing the weapon, Nepo raised her tail feathers and discharged a gooey turd onto Bruce’s nose.
“Bull’s eye!” Nepo squawked with delight. 
“That’s it,” Bruce growled, “I ain’t takin’ anymore of this bleep today.”
“As long as you’re camped under that tree you’ll take whatever I have to offer,” Nepo retaliated. “How do you like the taste of recycled sesame seeds?”
“Fly down here and face me bird-to-dog and I’ll make chicken wings out of ya,” Bruce countered. “They’ll be dipping you in hot sauce before I’m through tenderizing your bleep.”
Kip sprinted up behind Bruce, hoping to settle the confrontation coolly. “I thought you weren’t prone to violence?” he said to Bruce.
“All bets are off when a parrot craps on my face,” Bruce sneered.
“Hey, relax. If the bird shits, wear it, right?” Kip said.
Bruce usually had a snappy comeback, but in this case he had diverted his energy toward the bird perched above them. “I never thought I’d live long enough to 
say this,” Bruce cringed, “but I wish I was a cat right now.”
Once rejuvenated, Nepo planned to fly back over to the Caddy and deliver Molek his cherished firearm. But when Nepo tried to take off from the tree’s limb, she realized that she landed in a wad of tree sap. Her tail feathers were literally glued to the branch.
“I think the bird’s stuck,” Kip said pointing toward the tree.
“That’s what I call sticking a feather in the sap,” Bruce returned.
“Do you ever stop with the one-liners?” Kip huffed.
“Noppers,” Bruce replied. “I’ve got more groaners than a brothel full of constipated harlots.”


Chapter 33


From Molek’s vantage point inside the Caddy, the situation couldn’t have looked worse than if Nepo opted to haul a cartload of hay through a firestorm. At any rate, the moment had come for him to bale on his cherished (but expendable) bird. A corpulent coward such as Molek only reacted quickly when his ass depended upon it. Therefore, he scooted into the driver’s seat and started the car’s engine. Of course there still was a matter of dislodging the vehicle from the muddy hole it dug for itself; this task left the car’s wheels spinning futilely. But this didn’t stall Molek’s bid to escape.
Meanwhile, Nepo was prepared to relinquish a few feathers in order to avert capture or a worse fate. What the bird failed to observe, however, was that her jerky movement on the tree’s branch agitated one of the beehives positioned directly above her. After the bees swarmed around her, Nepo finally freed herself from the sap. But when she went airborne again with the weapon in tow, her speed slowed down considerably. The bees were now ready to turn her plumage into a pincushion.
“They’ve got your number now!” Bruce barked. “Those bees are gonna have you sulkin’ like Culkin at the end of My Girl, Macaw-ly!”
If Nepo hoped to elude the bees, she determined that she had no other option but to drop the gun from her talons. After doing so, the gun hit the ground within three feet from where Mason fell. He hadn’t budged a centimeter since the bees’ first strike. But a flinch of his fingertips proved that he wasn’t yet dead. The possibility of reclaiming the gun might’ve given him a slim chance at retaliation.
With the gun no longer a burden, Nepo pitched her angle of flight higher above the trees and avoided sharing space with Mason on the forest’s floor. When the bees broke off from chasing her, she changed her trajectory and flew toward the Caddy. Molek hadn’t yet managed to move the car more than ten feet in reverse.
“They’re getting away!” Mark bellowed.
Bruce and Kip restarted their pursuit toward the Caddy, but it was the beagle that showcased the boldest and fastest set of skills. Kip couldn’t even keep pace with the dog.
“He’s running like a greyhound,” Bella remarked as she tore the duct tape from Wint’s mouth and hands.
“Go, Bruce, go!” Mark hollered.
Bruce centered on Molek’s Caddy with a resiliency that stunned even his staunchest devotees. He might’ve even made it to the car without halting his stride if it wasn’t for an unexpected show of perseverance by an unlikely foe. Mason popped up from the earth like a creation by George Romero, and he presently looked deader than anything that ever wriggled from a crypt. His face was bloated beyond recognition from the amount of bee stings he absorbed. If another comparison was needed, Bruce thought he looked like John Merrick in barely living color.
Mason wagged the gun in front of Bruce as if he was as happy as a pooch to see him. “Did you really think your killer bees could get the best of me?” Mason moaned. His mouth was so swollen that he hardly managed to enunciate a rhetorical thought.
“Take it easy, Dumbo,” Bruce said, while braking with his front paws to avoid crashing into the injured agent. “Drop the gun and let’s settle this like you’re a human being. After all, it doesn’t fit you to act like an animal, right?”
“I am not an animal!” Mason roared.
“We’ve already established that, so just step down from your ivory tower and we’ll talk. You’ve got more lumps than a burlap potato sack, but there’s no sense in anyone else getting hurt,” Bruce negotiated.
“I beg to differ,” Mason grimaced. “Does today feel like it’s a good day to die, Bruce?”
“Can you ask me that again tomorrow?”
“Never.”
“Somehow I knew you were gonna say that.”
Because of his proximity to the gun’s barrel, Bruce had no chance to avoid a pointblank assault by Mason. The beagle only prayed that Mason’s aim was as unsteady as his social life. Bruce failed to see Kip rushing up behind him in a full sprint, however, and it was this action that changed the course of forthcoming events.
“Kip, stay back!” Bruce yapped. This warning served more as a reflexive response, and arrived far too late to stop Kip’s heroic surge. As Mason squeezed the gun’s trigger, Kip courageously launched his own body between the bullet and Bruce. Mason fired again, but a resounding click from his firearm foretold the end for him. He collapsed to one side and became still again—this time apparently for good. But he wasn’t the only one in immediate peril.
Kip’s effort to save Bruce proved successful, but it didn’t come without a burden. The bullet hit Kip in his chest. He subsequently rolled over in the dirt and remained static on the ground. Bella was already coming up behind them, while Mark and Wint concentrated on Molek’s position. Bruce abandoned his mission to stop the Caddy straightaway. He scrambled over to his partner to help him.
Bella kneeled on the ground next to Kip as Bruce sniffed his ear. Both of them prepared for the worse scenario. Barring some unforeseen miracle, no one could have survived taking a bullet to the torso at that close range. But when the beagle’s cold nose touched Kip’s neck, he rolled over. Bella readied for a gapping wound, but there was none visible. No blood was on Kip or the ground. A bullet hole in the breast pocket of Kip’s pirate shirt was the only evidence of a direct hit.
“Are you hurt?” Bella asked him.
Kip delayed his response. He was still lightheaded, but otherwise breathing normally with no apparent injury. “What happened?” he said groggily.
“You were shot,” Bella said, but then she felt inside his pocket and pulled out a tin of shoe polish. The bullet was lodged in the center of the wax. Neither Bella nor Bruce believed their eyes.
“Holy Shinola!” Bruce decried. “Where did that come from?”
“Mark must’ve given it to him,” Bella mused. “He supplies all new field agents with an expired canister of shoe wax. Sort of like a good luck charm, I guess.”
“What is this—MacGuffins-R-Us?” Bruce said.
Kip sat up and smiled at his good fortune. “Honestly, I forgot that can was in my pocket,” he said.
“Well, the best spies are never smarter than they are lucky,” Bella declared.
No one was inclined to argue the point, but it still wasn’t slap-on-the-back time. Mark and Wint had not let this moment of good fortune overshadow the larger problem looming in the background. Molek had managed to free the car’s tires from the mud, and he had no problem with the motto ‘live to fight another day’, particularly when it was assured that someone else was engaged in the fighting.
“He’s getting away!” Mark shouted. Wint, of course, was quick on his feet, but even quicker in the brain. He realized that they couldn’t catch the car while it was in motion. Almost by accident, Wint tripped on Arma 937. The drone still remained on the ground in a nonresponsive state, but that was something Wint aimed to change in a matter of seconds. Perhaps with the right amount of tinkering, Arma might serve as a useful combatant after all.
“I always wanted to see how one of these things worked,” Wint said as he picked up the robot. After flipping the drone over to inspect its mechanisms, he realized that a single red wire on its undercarriage had snapped in half. This technical surgery required little more than a splice job, and Wint was more than a hobbyist when it came to fixing things with electronic gadgetry. Within seconds, he mended the wire and Arma lit up like a talking head on CNN. The robot’s amber eyes ignited and it once again became operational. Wint twiddled with one final adjustment by changing Arma’s tracking device to ‘heat-seeking’ mode. Unfortunately for Molek, his gas-guzzling Caddy threw off the most energy in the forest right now.
All Wint needed to do was set Arma back on the ground and release it. The robot paused momentarily; then rumbled off in the direction of the Caddy as if it had a fishing line attached to the end of the car’s bumper.
“This should be good,” Wint said to Mark. “You might want to cover your ears.”
“Do you think it’ll blow up this time?” Mark asked, while cupping his ears with his palms. Wint shrugged his shoulders. He didn’t say anything. Sometimes it was just better to take the wait-and-see approach.
Molek was accustomed to having things work out in his favor. After Nepo flew back to him safely and he managed to get the car moving, he figured the Higher Powers must’ve coddled him once again. He planned to show his gratitude back at the Grove’s altar. Another effigy of something burning in the woods seemed to appease those whom he believed watched over him. Unbeknownst to Molek, however, he was a lot closer to becoming a centerpiece to an even bigger bonfire.
Nepo still picked a few bees out of her plumage as Molek drove along the trail. She wasn’t yet convinced that they were as safe as her leader presumed.
“Aren’t you going to try and stop them?” Nepo asked him.
“They’ve had enough for today,” Molek said. “If I learned one thing in my life as a Boho, it’s that you don’t have to try as hard as the little people when you’re already sitting at the top of the world.”
Nepo might’ve taken those words to heart had it not been for what she espied in the car’s rearview mirror. Arma 937 rumbled up fast behind them.
“We may need to rethink our strategy,” Nepo advised.
“Hogwash. Let me make the major decisions. I appreciate your input, but it’s man before macaw. That’s the natural order of things. Is that understood?”
“Oh, surely, sir,” Nepo said. “But is it man before armadillo, too?”
“What are you squawking about?” Molek peered into the rearview mirror, and by the time he saw the drone closing in on their vehicle, it was much too late to outmaneuver it.
“It’s Agent Oranger’s drone, sir!” Nepo cried.
“Well, what do you know about that?” Molek huffed in disbelief. “That moron finally engineered something that might actually work.”
“We’re doomed!” Nepo screeched.
“Nepo, may your bird song be our swan song,” Molek sighed.
Mark and Wint stopped their pursuit after it became certain that Arma had the finishing touches of this chase well under control. They couldn’t see the Caddy or hear its engine any longer, but an ensuing explosion took (and shook) the mystery out of what happened next. Smoke and flames burst through the treetops, and an aftermath of twisted metal and bird feathers rained down over the clearing.
“Holy holes,” Bruce grizzled. “That explosion had to make a deeper impact than Tommy Lee did on Pamela.”
“I think that drone got them both!” Bella shouted.
“Well, you know what they say,” Bruce mentioned. “Birds of a feather are flocked together.”
The dust settled, and Bella and Kip embraced. This jubilant exchange didn’t go unnoticed by Bruce, but now was not the time to expose his jealously. If all was as it seemed, and smoke and fire usually indicated a victory for those standing on its fringes, then the threat of Molek and company had fizzled. Well, almost. There was still the matter of saving one particular beagle from a meltdown of life-ending proportions.
Bella checked her watch. She estimated that they still had about fifteen minutes before the final bell tolled on Bruce.
“I need to get the demagnetizer,” she said to Bruce. “Your chip is almost spent.”
“How much time do I have left?” Bruce asked.
“Just enough.” Bella stood up and sprinted toward the bunker. “I’ll be right back.”
Kip and Bruce watched the woman as she ran; their eyes never made it beyond her wiggling hips.
“That’s what I always admired about you, Kip,” Bruce said. “Even when facing death, you’re still thinking about burying only part of your body.”
“What are you talkin’ about now?”
“Oh, we don’t have to pretend anymore. Your eyes are on her bleep like maggots on scrap meat.”
“Is it that obvious?”
“As plain as the tooth on my muzzle.”
“I’m such a goofball,” Kip huffed.
Kip suddenly appeared bashful; his cheeks turned redder than a ripe radish. Bruce, of course, wasn’t about to let the opportunity to harass his friend go by the wayside. “What’s the matter? You’re looking more sheepish than Little Bo Peep.”
“I guess I’m just being ridiculous,” Kip admitted. “Bella would never date a guy like me.”
“Don’t sell yourself short, stumpy.”
“Seriously, do you really think a woman like her would ever go out with a guy like me?”
“I don’t know. I’ve seen stranger pairings. Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley spring to mind.”
“You’re right, Bruce. They were a very odd couple.”
“Not as odd as the Klugman and Randall, but I concur.”
“So you think I gotta chance with her?” Kip’s voice perked up like he had just awakened from a romantically induced coma.
“I don’t see why not. Then again, I thought Mike Tyson and Robin Givens were soul mates.”
“Maybe if I had some facial hair, not like a full beard or anything, but do you think I’d look good with a five o’clock shadow?”
“Only in the winter.”
“Why only then?”
“Because it’d be dark by five and nobody would be able to see how ridiculous  you really look.”
“Oh, come on, Bruce. Most women like a ruggedly handsome guy. Remember Matt Houston?”
“Kip, forget Houston. You’re about as virile as San Francisco in June.”
“I think I’d turn some heads with a little goatee.”
“You’re gonna need something bigger than a goatee.”
“Like what?”
“Like a ram.”
“You’re not exactly building my confidence, you know.”
“Hey, if you want a pep talk go see Joel Osteen,” Bruce advised. “As for this beagle, I’m keeping it real.”
Mark and Wint continued to inspect the environs on the slim chance that Molek managed to avoid Arma’s shell-shocking attack. They couldn’t find anything that resembled a human being, but Wint did return to Bruce and Kip with a handful of charred hippie beads. As for Nepo, the feathers scattered about the terrain pretty much guaranteed that this bird had mottled for the last time.
“We couldn’t find much left of Molek or the macaw,” Mark said.
Bruce blew a white feather from the tip of his nose. “At least we know that’s one macaw-ly who wasn’t droned alone,” he said. Wint then spilled the beads in front of the beagle’s paws. They plopped like owl pellets on the ground.
“I don’t think Hooty’s coming back for an encore performance either,” Wint noted.
“I gotta give ya your props,” Bruce commended. “It looks like you’ve got a clue after all, Mr. Greene.”
“I just like to roll the dice and see what happens,” Wint said.
“As long as you don’t do it in the conservatory with a candlestick, that’s fine by me.”


Chapter 34


After it became stingingly evident that the bee repellent had about the same shelf life as a reality TV marriage, Dr. Wells’s recommended that they move the demagnetization procedure back inside the bunker. Bruce and Kip endured a couple of random beestings, while Wint swatted at a few additional Kamikaz-bees hovering around his head. They didn’t require much more coaxing before following Bella’s instructions.
Mark and Bruce were in line for microchip extraction, and Bella left it up to them to decide on who wanted to go under the gun first. Mark didn’t have any qualms about volunteering, although it was Bruce who had the more immediate need to get de-chipped.
“Is it gonna hurt, Doc?” Bruce asked Bella.
“Not as much as dying in a puddle of your own spittle,” Mark interjected.
“Thanks for your upbeat commentary,” Bruce grumbled.
“Look, it doesn’t matter who goes first. It only takes a few seconds.” Bella held up the demagnetizer and made a minor adjustment with one of its dials. “You’ll just feel a little prick,” she smirked.
“In that case, let Mark go first,” Bruce suggested. “I’m sure he’s a lot keener than me about feeling little pricks.”
“Ha, ha,” Mark said. “You know, Bruce, I’m almost going to miss all your wittiness after you lose your chip--almost.” Mark then stepped forward and stuck out his hand in front of Dr. Wells. She looked at him with a certain tenderness that neither Bruce nor Kip perceived until now.
“You ready?” she whispered to Mark.
“Always,” Mark said to her with a wink.
Dr. Wells smiled suggested that this wasn’t the first time he flirted with her, and she hoped not the last either. In another instant, she placed the demagnetizer over Mark’s superficial wound and pulled the mechanism’s trigger. The device clicked like a staple gun and flashed red over Mark’s skin. He barely winced.
“That should do it,” Bella confirmed. Before she lowered the demagnetizer, Mark wrapped his arms around her and they kissed passionately. Bruce and Kip stood by in silent awe, oozing enough egg from their faces to cook an omelet. In Bruce’s mind, the kiss seemed to last entirely too long.
“Easy on the PDA,” Bruce advised. “I haven’t seen two people suck face like that since Bergman and Grant.”
“It is rather notorious,” Kip objected.
“At least it proves I was right about one thing. Doc really goes gaga for fly-guys. I guess he wasn’t your wingman after all, Kip.”
“Lesson learned,” Kip sighed.
Mark eventually unknotted tongues with Bella. She hadn’t forgotten that Bruce still required a demagnetization procedure of his own. With less than ten minutes to spare before meltdown, Bruce knew that he had no alternative.
“Any time you’re ready,” Bella said to Bruce as she knelt on the ground.
“C’mon, Bruce,” Mark commanded. “You’re up. Time to get de-chipped.”
The beagle glanced at Mark tentatively, before nudging Kip’s hand with his cold nose. “I’d lick your fingers right now,” Bruce told him, “but I’m feeling a tad parched.”
“I understand,” Kip said. “But don’t be nervous. You’re gonna be fine.”
“That’s what scares me,” Bruce said. “I guess I just don’t know if I like the idea of turning back into what I was before I got Mac-Chipped.”
“You mean a regular dog?”
“Nah, I mean a constipated one,” Bruce grimaced. “Of course that’s what I mean. A dog can grow fond of using his tongue for more than lapping water and licking tail.”
“As strange as this may sound,” Kip admitted, “I’m gonna miss talking to you. I guess it’s kinda sad to say goodbye, huh?”
“Not as sad as when Bambi’s mother turned hoofs up, but I feel ya.”
“You always know the right things to say, Bruce. Do you got any other parting words of wisdom?”
“Maybe a few. Here’s something juicy to chew on: just because you live a pedestrian life, Kip, doesn’t mean ya gotta like it when people walk all over you.”
“Wow,” Kip commented, “that’s a pretty profound statement coming from you. And it also might be the wisest piece of advice anyone has ever given me.”
“Well, don’t get your shorts all sticky over it. When it comes right down to it, I’m still just a miscreant with a collar and empty nut sack.”
“At least you recognize your shortcomings.”
“I’d rather have long comings.”
On that note, Bruce pranced toward Bella. She greeted him sedately by petting his head, before tracing her fingers on the back of the dog’s neck to find his implantation wound. “This won’t take longer than thirty seconds,” she promised him.
“I once said the same thing to a Cockapoo with a short attention span,” Bruce said with a wink.
“I’m sure she was impressed,” Bella grinned. She positioned the demagnetizer behind Bruce’s head and adjusted its nozzle so that it snuggly enveloped the targeted area on his neck. “I can’t say that our time together hasn’t been interesting,” she told him. “Do you have anything else you want to share before we proceed?”
“I was thinking a little twerking might be in order,” Bruce recommended.
“You’ll never change, Bruce,” Bella giggled.
“What can I say? I’m bad to the bone. Beagles don’t change. We’re like photographs. Over time, we may get a bit ragged and yellow around the edges, but we stay the same in substance until the scrapbook closes.”
“I know many people like that, too,” Bella said.
“Too bad you couldn’t see me as part of the big picture, Doc. I guess it’s easier to take selfies in the sun.”
“Don’t start with the sob stories, Bruce,” Mark interjected. “You know you’ll always be like family to us.”
“If this is family, why do I suddenly feel like Fredo in a canoe?”
Bruce nodded and by now both of them knew that it was time to put an end to the cordial banter. Mark and Kip looked on stoically as Bella made a final adjustment with the demagnetizer.
“I don’t know how we’ll ever repay you, Kip,” Mark said. “Bruce owes you his life, and so do I.”
Kip continued to watch Bella as she squeezed the device’s trigger and zapped the chip in the beagle’s neck. The dog pulled back and jittered a few times, then released a bark that sounded like any other dog in a pack.
“It’s done,” Bella announced. “The chip is deactivated.”
Bruce jumped up on Bella’s lap and tried to lick her face. She scratched him behind his ears and fetched a doggie treat from her lab coat’s pocket. Kip called the beagle toward him, and the dog trotted over to his side. Bruce acted as any other animal might’ve done when greeting someone for the first time. He sniffed Kip’s legs and then his hands.
“Do you think he remembers anything?” Kip asked Mark.
“No one can really answer that accurately,” Mark replied. “It’s good to see that he’s acting like a dog again though.”
“I suppose. What are you gonna do with him now?”
“Well, he’s my dog,” Mark said. “So I’ll just keep him as a pet just like most people do.”
“Yeah, of course,” Kip said. A trace of disappointment altered his voice. Maybe he didn’t even realize how attached he’d grown to the beagle in such a short time. “It looks like you got the girl and the dog, Mark. Not exactly a classic Hollywood ending, is it?”
“I’ll let you know when we get to the end.”
At this point, Wint stepped forward and removed his derby. Bella directed him to the computer, where he then scooped his hand inside the hat and removed a hidden disc. “I hope we haven’t forgotten the most important part,” he said.
“Molek didn’t even think to check the inside of your derby,” Bella observed. “That’s the first place I would’ve looked.”
“Ah, you know what they say, hat-sight is twenty-twenty,” Wint grinned.
“Everybody’s a budding comedian nowadays,” Bella said despondently.
Wint continued to do what did best, which had nothing to do with headlining a comedy routine. He logged onto the computer and loaded the disc. Although he never billed himself as an entertainer, in this case he generated the rapt interest of everyone in the bunker.
“I’ve been dying to see what’s on this disc,” Mark said.
“Soon everyone will know,” Wint affirmed.
Kip remained engrossed as the computer’s program uploaded the DVD’s data. The screen flashed green and a single message scrolled repeatedly across the monitor, methodically at first, but then in faster sequence. Strangely, it was a phrase Kip had previewed before. He read the enigmatic words aloud: “BE I ALONE TO SAVE HIM.”
“What does that mean?” Kip asked Wint eagerly.
“It’s in secret code,” Wint explained. “I’m hoping people will take the time to decipher it.”
“Can you decode it, Wint?” Kip asked.
“I could,” Wint declared, “but I won’t.”
“Why not?” Kip and Bella exclaimed simultaneously.
“Because in order to truly comprehend the message, you must translate it for yourself.”
“That seems counterproductive,” Kip argued. “Some people aren’t very skilled at solving word puzzles.”
“Most people just don’t try hard enough,” Mark said.
“They look without seeing,” Wint added.
Kip wasn’t prepared to admit that he had already tried and failed to interpret the anagram earlier. Bella sided with Kip on this issue, but Wint refused to elaborate on any specific details. “It’s in the people’s hands now,” he said. “If enough of them care to interpret things as they really are, maybe we can stop them from controlling us.”
“Them?” Kip asked. “Exactly whom are you talking about?”
Wint walked away from the computer, leaving Kip’s inquiry unanswered. Mark then called Kip to the side and suggested they converse privately. He escorted Kip outside the bunker, while Bella, Bruce, and Wint waited inside. At least the bees had retreated to their respective hives.
“I wish I had more to offer you than my gratitude, Kip,” Mark said. “But there comes a time when gaining too much information will put you at risk.”
“But it’s over now, isn’t it?”
“Over? It’s not even halftime. We just stopped the clock for a short interval, that’s all.”
“What else can I do to help?”
“Did you ever hear the expression ‘if I tell you anything more I’ll have to kill you’?”
“Yeah. Who hasn’t?”
“Well, it’s not just an overused idiom in my line of work.”
Mark peered at Kip solemnly, but he wasn’t one to mince his words to help Kip swallow the truth more easily. “The only thing you can do now to help us is return to your routine life. For your own safety and ours, you’ll just have to pretend that none of this ever happened.”
“That’s impossible,” Kip said. “How can you expect me to go back to selling furniture at Bed Mania after everything I’ve been through? I thought I was one of you guys now.”
“You mean a spy?” Mark chuckled.
“Well, yeah. I mean, if it’s good enough for you and Bruce, why not me?”
“Kip, we don’t offer an on-the-job training program for secret agents. Besides, the agency I previously belonged to wants me dead now. I don’t think you want to walk around the rest of your life looking over your shoulder. As it is, I put you in a precarious situation. You don’t have prove yourself any longer.”
“But I want to prove myself. I’m tired of being a schmuck.”
“You’re a gallant man,” Mark insisted, “but I’m afraid my decision isn’t negotiable. I’ll make you this one promise though. If we ever require your services again, I’ll be sure to look you up.”
What else could Kip say or do? The decision was already made for him. Some adventures end as rapidly and unexpectedly as they started, and this represented one of those occasions.
“What will you and Bruce do next?” Kip asked.
Mark didn’t really have an answer, and even if he gave Kip one, it might’ve changed before the next morning. “Do remember when Alan Ladd rode off into the sunset at the end of Shane?”
“Sure,” Kip said. “That’s one of my favorite moments in all of filmmaking.”
“Mine, too,” Mark replied. “Let’s not try to top it.”


Chapter 35


Kip Hinkle squandered forty plus years of his life trying to find himself, before he ultimately resolved that the furniture business housed more pockets of hibernation than a kangaroo farm. Maybe he was never going to be hailed as the next 007, but he had more to offer to the world than he managed to achieve while traipsing around in pirate garb during a swashbuckling sales event. Three months after his impromptu stint as a spy, Kip resigned from his position at Bed Mania. It only took him another four months to invest whatever savings he had stashed away into a bicycle shop in his hometown. The money and prestige weren’t anything to brag about, but Kip finally uncovered a hint of satisfaction in a job he groomed for since boyhood.
Perhaps Kip harbored a bit sentimental longing toward his former alliances. He named his business From Bicycles with Lube, which at least conjured a chortle or two from the locals seasoned enough to remember the trendsetters in the fictional realm of secret agents. But apart from that nod of recognition, Kip hadn’t reserved much hope to speak to any of them ever again. Apparently, those immersed in the trade of stealth rarely relied on rearview mirrors; they simply sidled on to their next assignment without looking back. Maybe it was more than enough for Kip to peddle a few bikes to kids, or replace a chain or gear cassette on an old ten-speed. Either way, for the first time in many years, he became quite comfortable with just being an average guy.
Most people strive for this sort of normalcy, Kip convinced himself. He worked six days a week at his business, and didn’t yet acquire the need (or money) to hire an extra hand. But fiddling with the mechanics of various bikes gave him a renewed perspective on what truly mattered. Self-sufficiency had almost become an antiquated concept in today’s society, and Kip happily restored this ethic in his daily schedule. Of course, maintaining this routine was another matter. As he soon discovered, it wasn’t necessarily a seamless transition to revert to an ordinary existence following a brush with a spy’s covert lifestyle.
On what began as just another regular morning of taking inventory and ordering supplies for his shop, Kip’s first customer of the day strolled through the front door with obvious nonchalance. The boy couldn’t have been more than eight or nine years old, but no one else followed in behind him. Aside from this peculiarity, the child’s clothing seemed far too formal for a jaunt around a bike shop. His conservative, dark suit looked more appropriate for a funeral service. This by itself merited a second glance from Kip, but he also couldn’t overlook the fact that he might’ve encountered this particular boy before.
The kid eventually meandered to the back of the shop, where he paused in front of a rack replete with bicycle seats and handlebars. Kip strode casually toward the aisle, observing him as he scanned the randomly situated merchandise. In Kip’s current way of thinking, coincidences of this caliber simply didn’t happen. He knew he had met this child once before, and now he remembered precisely where.
“Harvey?” Kip called out, hoping to attract the boy’s attention. The lad exposed no reaction. Kip became adamant as he confronted him. “Excuse me, isn’t that your name?”
“No, sir,” the boy replied. His monotone voice belied his denial.
“You don’t remember me?” Kip asked, while positioning himself directly beneath the fluorescent glow of an overhead light.
The boy shrugged his shoulders but barely turned his head. “Nope,” he said with an eruditeness that irritated Kip.
“You’re that kid on the red tricycle. I know it’s you,” Kip insisted.
“Sorry,” the boy responded. “I’ve never seen you before in my life.”
Kip wasn’t convinced, but the boy adopted a poker face that could’ve made Stu Ungar fold his cards. Rather than challenge the boy’s veracity, Kip decided to ascertain what he wanted. “Why are you here?”
“I’m shopping for horns,” the boy replied.
“Horns?”
“Yeah. I need two. I saw an ad in a flyer. It says you’re having a sale on bike horns.”
“Oh,” Kip thought. It was true. He directed the boy to opposite aisle toward a bin of horns crafted of tin and red rubber. “Those are the ones on sale,” he remarked. “I think they’re three dollars each.”
The boy approached a bin of what looked like a collection of clown noses. He pulled two from the pile and squeezed the bulbous rubber ends to honk both horns. If he was satisfied, his face showed no trace of it. Kip tried to give the kid the benefit of his doubt, but he was almost certain he had seen him prior to this occasion.
“Are you sure we haven’t met? I’m almost positive I saw you on the road near Hacklebarney Park about six months ago. I was with a talking dog at the time. Don’t you remember scratching a message in the dirt with a stick?”
The boy remained impassive to Kip’s claim. “You’ve got the wrong kid,” he mumbled.
“I don’t think so,” Kip asserted. “How many kids your age wear dressy clothes while riding a fire-engine red trike in the woods?”
“I don’t know what to say. I’m just here to buy these horns. You said they’re three dollars each, right?”
Kip searched the boy’s expression for a crack of deceit, but his face remained as impenetrable as a titanium shield. Rather than debate his point any longer, Kip did the only thing he could’ve done under the circumstances. He walked toward the store’s front counter and stepped behind the cash register. While waiting impatiently for the boy to pad up to the counter, he glanced outside and checked the street. He didn’t see any evidence of a tricycle near his storefront outside.
The boy eventually strode over to Kip and reached up to put the horns on the countertop. He then dipped his fist into his front pocket. Kip begrudgingly rung up the sale on the register. “With tax,” Kip said, “that’ll be six dollars and sixty-six cents.”
“One second,” the boy said. He then forward six folded dollar bills and set them on the countertop next to the horns. “I only got six bucks,” he said. “I forgot about the tax.”
Kip thought about denying the boy one of the horns, but figured it wasn’t worth the hassle of having him come back later. “I’ll let you slide on the tax this time,” he said.
“That’s very kind of you, sir. You seem like a nice man. Confused, but nice.”
“Yeah,” Kip huffed, still cautiously eyeing the boy’s sooty eyes. “You know what they say about nice guys though, don’t ya?”
“Do they all end up selling bikes like you?”
“Maybe that’s the best we can hope for.”
On that note, the boy grabbed his horns and forwarded a closed-mouth smile at Kip; it was a grin creepy enough to cause the hair to stick up on the back of his neck. The kid then pivoted away and walked methodically toward the door. Kip almost forwarded the obligatory ‘have a good day,’ but he couldn’t focus on anything other than the money as he unfolded it. Each of the six bills seemed inconspicuous at first glance, but after studying the cash more deliberately, Kip noticed a single word written in red ink next to George Washington’s face. The top bill revealed the word ‘BE’. The other bills were similarly marked on the obverse image, each defaced with one word in the following order: ‘I’, ‘ALONE’, ‘TO’, ‘SAVE’, ‘HIM’.
If Kip had any color left in his wan cheeks it drained like an infected wound. His eyes flicked repeatedly as he mouthed the words aloud several times. “That little demon bastard,” he said under his breath. By the time Kip recomposed his stance and shifted his glare toward the door, the child had already hopped on his red tricycle and started to pedal down the street. Had Kip not already inhaled a breath of adventure from his previous foray, he might’ve left things as they stood. But in this case, being an ordinary guy wasn’t good enough after all.
No one who knew Kip would’ve ever mistaken him for being spry or a spy, but those same naysayers were not present to observe his latest moves. He vaulted over the counter with a gymnast’s agility and charged outside after the boy. Even at this accelerated pace, Kip’s legs couldn’t close any ground on the surreptitious tyke.
“Oh, man,” Kip exclaimed. “Come back here!” His shouts had no influence on the child’s progress. After two blocks, Kip’s second wind sailed fruitlessly to a standstill. He could do nothing other than watch the boy as he coasted down the street and disappeared.
It should’ve ended there, and Kip was reluctantly resigned to let it do so as he lurched dejectedly back toward his shop. But a noise that sounded like the roar of a mechanical lion startled him. After he pivoted in the direction of this clamor, the source made itself known in an unbridled manner. A Harley Davidson Road King cruised up on the sidewalk in front of Kip. The chrome surrounding the roadster’s whitewall wheels and engine gleamed in the morning sunlight. There was no mistake on who confronted Kip. Mark Flyer removed his helmet to make his identity known; he wasn’t wearing a disguise this time. Bruce sat on the back of the motorcycle’s wide leather seat, sans the helmet.
“Mark? What are you doing here?” Kip questioned. His voice beamed with curiosity. 
“Well, we sure aren’t shopping for spare parts,” Mark said, glancing at the shingle on Kip’s store. “I got to give you credit, though. It’s a nice little gig ya got here, Kip.”
“Looks like you’re in like Schwinn,” Bruce commented. Kip’s face lit up with exhilaration upon hearing the beagle’s voice.
“I can’t believe it,” Kip said to Bruce. “You’re really talking again!”
“Yeppers.” He then resorted to an old man Michael Corleone voice and remarked, “Just when I  thought I was out, they pulled me back in.”
“What happened?”
“I just got an upgrade. They’re calling it the 5S microchip. Nutty, huh?”
Kip recognized a significant change in the beagle’s voice. He now had a distinct Scottish brogue. “What’s with the new accent?”
“It’s the latest craze. I call it my trans-Bonder,” Bruce declared. “Don’t ya think it gives me a certain panache?”
“I have to admit, it does make you sound distinguished,” Kip replied.
Bruce waved off this remark with his paw and said, “Meh, you know what they say: here today, Sean tomorrow.” 
“It looks like you’ve got yourself a sweet ride now,” Kip said to Mark, admiring the bike. “What made you switch from a Jeep to a Harley?”
“He wanted to be a road hog without taking up too much space,” Bruce noted. “Now are you coming with us or not?”
Mark revved the Harley by torqueing the throttle, drawing attention to the motorcycle’s vibrating engine. He saw no reason to pretend that they had time to dally. “We’d love to sit here and shoot the breeze with you, Kip, but we got some serious work to do,” he said.
“I thought it was over.”
“Haven’t we taught you better? It’s never over, Kip,” Mark said.
“At least not until Roseanne Barr sings the National Anthem again,” Bruce added.
“I can’t just leave my shop unattended. I have a business to run here,” Kip rebutted.
“You’re hawking bicycles,” Mark said. “I’m pretty sure the world isn’t gonna shut down if you locked up for a few hours.”
Kip wished he could’ve been as spontaneous as Mark, but he had his reservations about hopping on the back of a Harley without knowing more information. “Who are you after this time?” he asked.
“A tatterdemalion on a trike,” Bruce said.
“Holy triple sixes! That freaky kid was just in my store five minutes ago. He bought two horns, but I don’t understand why.”
“Did ya ever see a devil with just one horn?”
“Good point.”
“As always, best in show,” Bruce returned.
“Look at it this way, Kip. Not many guys in your shoes get an opportunity to be a secret agent twice,” Mark reminded him.
“Especially in the same story,” Bruce said.
“But where are we going next?”
“If all goes as planned, hopefully right into trilogy town. And with the proper marketing and a little luck, we could be looking at prequels up the wazoo,” Bruce said.
“Prequels? Nobody really cares what came before, Bruce,” Kip stated.
“Oh, really? Did your wife ever care when you came before her?”
“She’s my ex.”
“I rest my case, flash pants,” Bruce muttered. “Now get on the hog. Nobody Beals on us.”
“Don’t you mean ‘bails’?”
Bruce rolled his eyes and said, “That’s one thing I’ve always admired about you, Kippy. Just when I start to think that you can’t make me look any smarter, you drop one notch lower on the DUH Meter.”
Kip could’ve straightforwardly dismissed Mark and Bruce at this point and returned to tinkering with the bikes in his shop. At least it was secure there. But how long would he be satisfied with the illusion of safety? He ultimately decided that sometimes living simply simply wasn’t living.
“What the bleep?” Kip said with a roguish grin as he jumped on the back of the Harley behind Mark. “You only live once, right?”
“Twice if you’re a spy,” Bruce simpered.
“Hold on tight,” Mark advised. He then revved the Harley and wheeled in forward motion. Even though Kip loved bikes since he was young, he had never ridden upon one with an engine until this instance. The motorcycle hit the first incline to build up its momentum, and then swerved to the base of a steep hill. Kip’s eyes widened with wonder as a breeze flushed his cheeks. 
“Here comes an upgrade,” Bruce yelped. “It’s gung-ho time!” More so than he had imagined since his last adventure, Kip seemed ready for the road ahead.
“Wowsers!” Kip shouted. “I really feel like a kid again!”
Bruce wouldn’t have willingly admitted it, but he wanted Kip to savor that declaration for as long as humanly possible. Maybe that really was the whole point of this little jaunt anyhow.



THE END



Also by Michael Ciardi:

Elf’s Eve
The Classic Crusade of Corbin Cobbs
The Serial Comic
Phantoms of the Moon
Songs of a Peach Tree

