TERROR
FLOWER


A novel by
Thomas Hollyday

Terror Flower by Thomas Hollyday, Copyright Thomas Hollyday 2012
All rights reserved.

SmashWords Edition

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

Publisher’s note: this is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
 

Dedicated to the freedom fighter Tom Halliday, nephew of William Wallace, who stood with that brave Scottish leader in his historic Thirteenth Century battles with the English invaders.
Acknowledgments

The author wishes to thank research staff of the Boston Athenaeum for its hard work in sourcing books for the author’s research on histories and cultures of foreign countries. He would like to thank various museums for their advice and specifications on the equipment mentioned in this story. Many thanks to the enthusiasts who were consulted about building and racing dragsters especially Mustangs with modified Ford 302 V8s. The author found the Batchelor and Bachrach book on the life of Briggs Cunningham and his cars as well as the publications of the National Hot Rod Association of value. Much gratitude to C. Michael Curtis of the Atlantic Monthly and Elliott Coleman of the Johns Hopkins University Writing Seminars for their kind encouragement. Thanks also to the book’s editor for her thoughtful suggestions and kindness, and to the author’s fiction workshop friends for incisive suggestions on chapters. Most important, gratitude is due to the author’s family for its unending and loving patience during the months when these chapters were written and rewritten. 
 
Prologue

“Love seeks only love and a home in which to be loved” is a saying attributed to the mysterious “black prophets,” a small group of white Europeans who lived and died in peace with local tribesmen in a small village up country from the Niger River delta in the old times. They grew a golden bloom they called the flower of the free. 
Chapter One
9 AM, Saturday August 14

The town ambulance siren shocked the early summer heat with its wail. Smiley James, the volunteer ambulance driver on call this morning, stood up from the engine compartment of the Ford he was working on. He cleaned his hands thoughtfully on a rag. He reached overhead and switched off the grease covered radio interrupting Springsteen’s “Born in the U.S.A.” Then, becoming very alert, he ran to his motorcycle parked to the side of the large open garage door. Another mechanic, young Kate Henry, called out encouragement with her Southern drawl, “You go you, Smiley.”
Beside her, the boss, Jim Tench, a lanky, well-built and handsome man, younger than Smiley, looked up too, wrench in hand. The muscular thirty five year old heavily tattooed Smiley grinned back. Smiley straddled his Harley, started its motor and engaged the gears, squealed into the street and was gone.
About ten minutes later Tench heard the ambulance screaming by on the main street and then coming to a halt only a block away. Lamont Beets, a quiet black middle aged employee, worked in the stall closest to the street. He reported in his soft patient voice, “The ambulance, she’s stopped at the town pier, Tench.”
Tench shaded his eyes as he walked out into the hot sunlight and toward the harbor. His hand brushed the long healed two inch scar over his left eye. As he approached, he could see the blinking lights of Smiley’s ambulance and the sheriff’s car amid a crowd of fifty or more onlookers already gathered at the pier. It was an oil tanker wharf of large timbers and pilings coated with protective black and odorous creosote.
Katy was beside him. “Out on the water,” she said, pointing. She had a round face like a chubby baby with spots of grease on her cheeks. Her hair hung in two blonde ponytails which contrasted in their cleanliness with her dirt covered shop clothes.
Tench saw the Coast Guard launch towing in a long white workboat. Its bow lifted occasionally as it rode the front boat’s wake.
“That’s the Emmy, Captain Bob’s workboat,” he said to Katy, his voice shaking. Her face froze as she too recognized the boat of one of the town’s most popular citizens.
Then he saw the chestnut colored Chesapeake Bay retriever at the edge of the pier. Captain Bob’s dog, his Abraham, whimpered among the bystanders.
The Coast Guard rescue team consisted of two younger crewmen and their middle-aged officer, a sunburned broad shouldered man. They tied up the Emmy and worked in the cockpit with a body.
“Lend a hand up on the pier,” the officer ordered, moving his hands vigorously. “You men look alive now.” One of the crewmen clambered quickly up on the pier to handle the lines.
Tench spotted Captain Bob, lying immobile on the floorboards, his skinny body soaked with water and draped with vines and seaweed. The sight of the old man made him feel cold in the hot sunlight.
Smiley said, pointing to the old black man, “Drowned.” He and the other men lifted Captain Bob. Using lines attached to the ends of a stretcher, they hoisted him up the ten feet from the Emmy’s deck to the wood plank surface of the pier.
Seaweed and wet fishing line covered the deck of the Emmy where Captain Bob had thrown them as he fished. They mixed with pieces of jellyfish and the flesh and claws of crab baits. A one quart wine bottle, its screw top off and a small amount of red liquid sloshing inside, rolled in the bilge.
The Coast Guard officer pointed to the old man’s face, where dead eyes stared at the sun. “He hasn’t been in the water long, Tench. He’s still got his eyes. Crabs didn’t get much chance to feast on him.” The officer reached down and picked up a straw hat from the Emmy’s floorboards. He handed it up to one of his crew. “Put that over him,” he ordered.
Worn black suspenders held Captain Bob’s trousers over his thin shoulders. One foot possessed a boot but the other was bare, protruding from the faded blue pants. Tench wanted to cover the bare foot and glanced around the deck of the Emmy for the other boot. It was nowhere to be seen.
“Yessir, look at them eyes,” Tench heard one of the volunteer firemen remark in a whisper. “Old Captain Bob done got afraid when he seen the Lord fightin’ the Devil for him.”
As the ambulance left, Tench turned homeward. He stared at the ground in sorrow as he began walking. The death of the old man had hit him with the sudden pain of an elbow blow into his face. He crunched across the blue gravel of the pier’s parking area, almost aimless.
The Coast Guard must have notified Smote Rojos, the old man’s grandson, as soon as the first radio call had come in. Smote arrived just after the ambulance left. He drove the truck from his boss’s construction company, the pickup bed rails filled with new lumber extending over the cab. The truck skidded to a stop, the boards tumbling up and down, the tires throwing stones into the air with a popping sound. Smote, a short wiry Latino man of Ecuadorian heritage, tore out of the vehicle. He ran over to the edge of the pier. He looked down on the Emmy, his face contorted with grief.
Tench had halted as he saw Smote arrive. Before Tench could say anything, Smote shouted and waved at Tench, “They kill him, Jimmy. They kill Captain Bob up at the Island.”
Sheriff Satter heard him. “Hold on there, Smote,” he said. “You got no call to say that. His boat wasn’t anywhere near Strake’s place. He was drinking too.” A tough medium size man, Sheriff Satter wore the Confederate gray uniform with gold trim of the River Sunday police. He had held the deputy position for several years under the former sheriff. When that man went to prison for murder, Satter took over and won the next election. He had been a detective in Baltimore and came to River Sunday as the town’s first black officer for the otherwise white force. People liked Satter because he knew how to work effectively with the mixed modern cultures of River Sunday.
“Captain Bob drowned, is all, Smote. This is a sorry thing but that’s what happened,” said Satter.
Smote looked up at the lawman, his face full of tears, his mouth chewing fast on his odorous and ever-present wad of baseball gum. “You know he don’t drink on his boat,” he said, breaking away from Tench and moving closer to the Sheriff.
The Sheriff shook his head. “Don’t go talking big,” he replied, still calm.
“Strake did this,” said Smote, almost yelling.
“How do you figure, Smote?” said the sheriff. “He fell overboard.”
Tench spoke up, “You’re going to look into this, aren’t you, Sheriff?”
Satter hesitated, looking at Tench then back at Smote. Smote stared at the sheriff, his flashing angry eyes showing that he did not trust Satter.
“You best get to the hospital and, when you are able, you rethink what you’re saying,” the Sheriff continued. “I don’t want no claims about things you can can’t prove. You got no proof and neither do I that the old man was fishing up to the Island, the Strake shoreline, this day. We’ll run an autopsy soon’s we can, look into the accident. I can tell you right now, I don’t think we got any reason just because you don’t like Mister Strake or his people.”
He looked at Tench. “This is an accident, Tench.”
The crowd murmured assent. From what Tench heard, the people, white and black in the audience, stood with Satter. Watermen, standing in their rubber boots, did not rush forward to join Smote in his claim of murder. They’d lived on the water and had seen these accidents before. Smote had accused William Strake, the owner of a large farm north of the town located on the Island. The property had a long shoreline coasting the Chesapeake Bay. More than a year ago Strake had placed armed guards to patrol that waterfront. He had forbidden all fishing along his shore. The security protected his valuable automobile collection stored on his estate in a warehouse. Cancelling the fishing rights caused controversy among watermen like Captain Bob who had always fished the location.
However, most people in River Sunday did not see Strake as their enemy. For one thing Strake, an experienced and wealthy oilman, had been on the President’s energy council and the conservative President was very popular in River Sunday. Tench had not seen the White House helicopter since last year. Years ago it had flown over the town at least once a month to carry Strake off to the President for an energy conference or planning session. Besides that prestige, the man had invested in several of the small firms where local citizens held jobs. Also, to River Sunday environmentalists, Strake’s firm stand in keeping the watermen off his shoreline at the Island drew applause. They claimed it would rebuild the Bay’s over fished seafood beds. Strake himself, a muscular man in his sixties, came across as pleasant and friendly on his rare town visits, and perhaps even a little eccentric. This endeared him to the women.
Smote looked once again at Tench, shook his head, his face contorted with grief, and climbed back into his truck. He seemed to Tench to have controlled himself, as he drove off in the direction of the hospital. He made a point of carefully shifting the truck and driving it slowly, keeping the wheels from throwing up any more gravel.
Smiley said later that Hiram Jones had looked to port this morning. He had spotted a white boat that he recognized from the shape of her cuddy as Captain Bob’s boat rode at a standstill in the choppy waves a few hundred yards away. At that distance he saw no one aboard. He thought the boat might be deserted and went over to have a look. He found Captain Bob dead in the water tangled in his crab line. He could not do anything. Hiram called in for help and then kept going on his way in to port with his catch.
Smiley chuckled when he went on to say that the Coast Guard chief on duty swore at Jones for refusing a direct command to stay at the scene until they got there. “Independent old cuss.”
“The engine must have been running when Captain Bob fell overboard, then choked out,” said Tench. He tried to speak evenly, conceal his sorrow and anger at his own loss. He had loved the old man like a father.
Katy nodded. “Had to be to get that line all wound up on the shaft.”
“The prop cut him up good and spit him out. Then it wound up part of the line on its shaft as the body floated out behind the boat,” said Smiley.
“Or,” said Katy, “The boat might have turned around on him. I’ve heard of that too. The boat, running wild through the water, locked its rudder, turned and came back on him.”
“Drowning the official cause?” asked Tench, thinking of Smote’s outspoken claim the old man had been murdered.
Smiley said, “When I got to the hospital, the doctor who does the autopsies for the Sheriff’s department came out. He took a first look at Captain Bob’s body.”
“He said, ‘Goddamn Sheriff, this is an accident all right. No sense me spending much time on it. Drowned. I can see the water still coming out his mouth. Smell the wine too. I see a few bruises but that could be from hitting the side of the boat. If I come up with anything besides being drunk and falling overboard, I’ll let you know. Otherwise I’ll write it up and release him to his family. Too hot to keep him in the lab.”
That evening Tench drove the garage pickup to Captain Bob’s house. His modified Mustang stayed in the shop, set up on the racks of the shop dyno undergoing carburetor adjustments. As he entered the house, a large sitting room was on his right filled with men and women talking softly. To his left a large picture of Captain Bob protruded on a metal easel. The old man had been photographed resplendent in his blue suit. This picture normally hung at his church on the entry wall where the other elders had their portraits. The room smelled of cut flowers and sweat. On a small table to the side, candles burned surrounded with vases of bright blooms. A shiny white wooden frame with the signed letter from Jerry Orbach stood proudly. This had been procured by Smote for Captain Bob’s surprise Christmas present last year. The old man loved “Law and Order,” the television show in which Jerry Orbach played the clever policeman. Captain Bob fancied himself an amateur officer. He loved to tell telling stories about how, over his life, he had helped investigate famous River Sunday criminals and whiskey runners. He said he had secretly helped the FBI chase Nazi agents from submarines sneaking into the harbor during the war. His friends loved him and didn’t care whether Captain Bob told the truth in his tales.
A wooden basket filled with fresh green unshucked corn ears sat on the floor in front of Captain Bob’s portrait. Tench assumed Smote's wife had set this in her South American tradition for the dead. She wore a green dress with large white blossoms sewn on it as she greeted visitors and family members. Her two small girls tugged at her dress, their eyes full and nervous watching all the strangers.
Abraham, Captain Bob’s Chesapeake, held guard near the basket, his paws in front, his eyes in mourning as if he understood that his master was gone forever.
Smote approached Tench. “Come,” he said. He quickly led Tench away from the others and into a back room. Smote was still in the work clothes he had worn earlier in the day, the jeans smelling of paint and roofing tar. He turned and faced Tench.
He spoke, his voice shaking. “I think they just do not do their job. Bastards,” he said. “I look at the boat. I see the throttle lever way forward from the notch where Captain Bob set the speed.”
Tench said, “That probably got hit when he fell overboard, Smote. The throttle lever was right there at the side near the steering. That’s why the boat went ahead. His body drifted into the propeller and the engine stalled out. ”
Smote said, “Captain Bob, he was old but very clever. He wasn’t careless. He wasn’t drinking out there, never. He goes to the Island and they killed him.”
Tench knew Smote’s answer but he asked anyway. “You are pretty sure he went up to the Island?”
Smote nodded and said, “The Sheriff, he’s scared. I think he don’t want trouble. Same thing with the rest of the people around here. Strake owns this town and that’s all she wrote. You know, my friend. You know that’s the way cops work.”
Smote raised his face to stare at Tench. Tench was taller by a foot. “You know he was always talking since Strake closed the fishing. He was talking like it wasn’t fair, that he wanted to do something about it.”
He stared at Tench. “Look, the town, they respect you. You come here to make money and that’s what you do. You don’t bother for nobody so they owe you a favor. I want you to help me,” Smote said. “I don’t care what they say about me. I want to find who killed Captain Bob.”
He guessed Smote was right. He wanted to make money and that was why he was here in River Sunday. If he helped Smote it was a rare thing for him to do. “Do you want me to talk to Jones?” asked Tench. “See if he knows anything to help us?”
Smote paused, “Yes, he wouldn’t talk to me because he don’t like us Latinos. He might know something. He might talk to you.”
He said, “You should not be blinded too, I mean because of Julie. She does not speak for her father.”
Tench said, “I’ll call Julie and talk to her about this.” Julie was Strake’s daughter and an old girlfriend. They still kept in touch by phone. She lived in Texas where she worked in the Strake family oil business. His heart thumped at the thought of talking to her again. “I’ll call her,” he repeated.
Smote said, “Stagmatter. He would kill anybody.” Smote referred to the manager of the farm. This man had been hired by Strake to run the farm and to take care of the antique automobiles. Stagmatter came from Argentina, a large man, short fused and not liked by anyone who met him. Sometimes old World War Two veterans would swear they heard him talking German. Tench had only met him a few times when he came to the garage for auto parts and had found him to be a good mechanic and knowledgeable about cars.
“That’s the way you figure it?” asked Tench.
“I do,” said Smote.
Tench said, “First we’d have to prove your grandfather was even up at the Island. We’d have to come up with something solid to convince the Sheriff.”
Smote chewed on his wad of gum. Tench smelled its sweet aroma. Smote said, “The Captain, he kept talking about Strake’s place. You remember we both told him to stay away from there, you know that.”
Smote added, “One thing for sure.”
“What’s that?” asked Tench.
“Captain Bob was right about one thing. He say, ‘Your pal from Baltimore. He will not let you down.’” The old man knew Tench owed Smote. Smote risked his life to rescue Tench from a Baltimore street fight, one where he got his scar. 
Eighteen-wheeler air brakes shrieked not far away in downtown River Sunday. Tench spotted the bright gold lion head symbol on the side of the box. He heard the truck, an older model International, jerk forward into gear, its engine loud. Its headlights sent dim and then strong white glare on the walls of the town buildings as the engine built power. Black exhaust smoke rose over the street toward where he stood, and Tench smelled the sickening stink of those diesel fumes, as the vehicle strained and lurched with its heavy load. The truck, with the clunking sounds of its gears shifting, gained acceleration and moved away with its valuable cargo, disappearing into the night. 

Chapter Two
9AM, Sunday, August 15

He arrived at his garage and tried again to call Julie. She didn’t answer. He tried both her apartment in Dallas and her cell. She had always answered with a happy voice when she saw him as the caller. That is, except last year when he contacted her about the sudden death of her sister and family on vacation. Her not answering made him feel the distance between even more. He would always have the desire to see her and to hold her, even after all the years they had been apart.
In the portrait behind his desk Briggs Cunningham stood beside his 1949 “Le Monstre,” with its five carburetor Cadillac engine and its boxy streamlined blue and white body. The pioneer American car racer became known for these blue and white Cunningham racing stripes. He took this experimental car and finished tenth against a field of over thirty-five specially designed foreign racers at the 1950 Le Mans Twenty Four Hours race in France. His respect for Cunningham for his going up against such odds meant as much to Tench as heroic baseball players had meant to other childhood street friends. He was the saint of a young boy who dreamed of cars as a way beyond the hopelessness of the Baltimore streets where he grew up. Tench purchased the picture when he was fourteen, working part time at a local gas station in Baltimore pumping gas for an elderly black mechanic. That man, in turn, helped him through the violence of those days. Since then, the Cunningham portrait had been his most prized possession.
The garage door opened to the sound of its lifting chains running through gears. Sunlight poured in followed by a familiar rumble of tuned automobile exhaust. Then Katy pulled into the workspace in her tuner, a modified Ford mini coupe. Smiley was beside her in the passenger seat, blue sport shirt open to his chest, his arm stretched out over the back of her seat.
Katy spotted Tench, waved and got out of the machine, leaving Smiley still sitting in her car. She put her head in his office doorway. She was dressed in blue overalls with her name embroidered in white on her right chest pocket.
“Figured we could use Sunday morning to change my spark plugs,” she said.
Tench nodded. “That new exhaust sounds good,” he said.
“It’s only catbacks. The little Ford won’t go real dual,” she said, with a shrug.
“Lots of time you get the same power,” said Tench.
She hesitated then blurted out, “I found an experienced driver for the drag runs of the Mustang dragster you are building,” she said. “He’s somebody who might get us in the lower teens.” 
“Fine, if he doesn’t wreck with him and my car spilling gasoline fire across that Delaware dragstrip up there.”
Tench heard the sound of work boots coming across the garage concrete floor. Smote appeared at the doorway next to Katy. He looked at Tench expectantly.
“I got to leave,” Tench said, looking up at Smote. He stood up and, turning to Katy, he said, “I’ll talk to you about it.”
Smiley got out of the Ford and walked over to stand beside Katy, his shoulder close to but not touching Smote. Tench watched the body language of the two men. They had never liked each other, Smote because he considered Smiley a red neck racist, and Smiley, with his snake tattoos, because he did not like Latinos.
Tench put the drawings of his race car back on top of a stack of automobile racing magazines.
“Ready?” Smote asked.
Tench reached up behind him and tapped the glass of the framed picture of Cunningham. He grinned at Katy. “When I get back, we’ll talk. I want to hear your ideas about the driver,” he said.
“OK,” Katie said, and he could sense her disappointment as she headed back into the garage.
“You going to be able to handle this, Smote?” he asked as he noticed his friend’s downcast face. They walked towards Captain Bob’s house and the Emmy anchorage. “I liked Captain Bob too. I can understand,” he added.
“I was OK until I got to the boat this morning. You know, just cleaning up,” said Smote. “They threw his stuff all over the deck when the Coast Guard towed her in. Captain Bob would have been ashamed. You know the way he cleaned the Emmy. Besides, I wanted to find the other boot. He needs to be buried in them boots.”
“I should have been with you. That’s a lot for you to have to face by yourself,” said Tench.
“No, I had to do it by myself. Brought me closer to him.”
“I miss him,” said Tench, his throat tightening for a moment, the picture of the old man moving through his mind.
“They took the wine bottle. Couldn’t find the boot either. Funny, it should have been in the boat after it come off.”
“Don’t know about the boot. I saw the wine bottle in the bilge,” said Tench.
“It had some wine left in it. Someone want a drink,” said Smote.
“Too bad it wasn’t checked for fingerprints,” said Tench.
“No matter. The boys who did this to the Captain would have rubbed it clean and even if they didn’t their fingerprints would be African.” Tench knew he was referring to the African guards who patrolled the Strake compound.
“Yeah,” said Tench, “They wouldn’t show up on anything in the USA.”
“You know, the anchor is lost too,” said Smote.
“That’s strange,” said Tench. He looked at Smote and said, “I never saw the Captain use it. He didn’t anchor her when he was fishing because he moved along, working the baits. He stowed it along the inside of the rail.”
“I know. That’s why we look for the anchor today,” said Smote.
“You think he did use it?”
“Somebody did,” said Smote, nodding.
Tench thought about the missing anchor and what it might mean. It could point to someone else being on the boat. His mind drifted to the future of the Emmy.
“You going to fish the Emmy, I mean after things settle down?” asked Tench.
Smote didn’t answer for a while as they walked along. Then he said, “Yeah, I might. Or, I might sell her, like my wife want. I already got some offers. She say it’s too dangerous and I’ll get hurt like the Captain. Besides, fishing’s getting pretty poor around here.”
“Yes, aren’t many good places to fish anymore,” said Tench. “When Strake closed the spot off his place, that didn’t help. I mean that was a prime fishing spot.”
“No, that’s a fact, Jimmy.” They had reached Captain Bob’s house. Smote had already begun to move into the house from his rental outside town. Inside the house, Tench could hear Smote’s wife talking on the phone to her mother using fast Spanish Tench could not understand. He had known some Spanish growing up in Baltimore.
The girls were playing at a swing from a limb in the back yard. They ran over, but Smote made them go back. He followed Smote down the familiar dirt path. Two rusty automobile engines rested covered with weeds and wines on rotten railroad ties beside the house. These machines, worn out V8 power, once powered the Emmy. Ahead of them Tench could see the boat, tight against her lines, pulling in the morning tide current. Captain Bob had lived on the good side of the harbor, better for mooring and wind protection than the shore across the harbor where Hiram ram Jones and other fishermen kept boats. The bottom here had hard packed sand and oyster shells. Tench and Smote waded out to the Emmy and climbed aboard. Abraham sat already in the bow, his eyes toward the harbor, waiting for them to get going.
“Where are we going first?” asked Tench, his voice raised over the rumble of the engine.
Smote said, “Don’t see much sense in going out into the Bay where they found him. He had been drifting anyway from somewhere else. Let us go to the Island. I know he get in trouble there, Jimmy.”
Tench felt cooler as they moved out into the breeze. The swells increased in height as they moved to the center of the harbor. To port they passed the famous slavery monument built in the harbor in the early years following the Civil War. It drew a great number of tourists, some of them from overseas, every year. Former slave owners built it from the stone walls of the slave market building once located in downtown River Sunday. That real estate had become covered with marinas and gift shops for tourists.
At the far end of the harbor the water mixed with the edge of the Chesapeake Bay and the waves begin to kick up with the current. A flying boat, an old one with World War Two military markings, prepared to take off. Its pilot revved its overhead engines and the roar cascaded across the water. The plane began its run, the waves splashing against its antique fuselage and spray shooting upward over the pilot’s compartment.
“She comes last night heading for that big antique airplane show across the Bay,” said Smote. “I see her land before dark.”
The seaplane gained altitude. Smote watched it, his hand shading his eyes. “We don’t want to be under that thing. The way it drips the runoff water from its hull as it takes off, we’d sure be wet,” he said. He steered the workboat away from the plane’s path. By now it had climbed three hundred feet into the sky.
In a few minutes, they had progressed around the point of land to the right of the town harbor. To get to the Island, Smote steered the Emmy north up the edge of the Chesapeake past the mouth of the Nanticoke River. Allingham Island, or the “Island” as it was known, started on the far shore of the Nanticoke.
The Emmy moved out into the Bay. A large ocean going yacht came from the west and turned north to run a course along the Island shoreline in front of them. She measured at least a hundred feet in length. Mariners would call her a passage maker design because of size and shape to handle all types of weather and long ocean crossings. Tench and Smote looked her over and reckoned she came over from Baltimore or Washington. The big yacht, white with orange and green trim on her flowing topsides, cruised about a mile ahead. The Emmy, much smaller and with a shallower draft, slapped the curls of the big boat’s wake, sending fine spray over Smote and Tench.
“We’re coming up on Strake’s property. His men might see us pretty soon,” said Smote. “Maybe keep us from looking around.”
“Steer far out from land, out of the prohibited area. We don’t want any trouble,” said Tench. Smote moved the steering wheel and headed slightly west. The workboat stood out from the shoreline, keeping the land about a half mile to starboard.
The yacht already headed off shore. Whether he knew about Strake’s cruising prohibitions or not, the yacht’s captain, Tench reasoned, had no interest in running aground. Tench noticed the big yacht’s wake crashing against the shore beach, the sunlit spray heading up into the air against the six foot hollowed out clay banks, well eroded from decades of tides and storms. Above the banks, fields of corn and rows of pines and small trees, bright from sunlight on their upper stalks and leaves, had dark shadows below. As Smote cut speed and engine noise, Tench heard the oak-a-lee call of a red winged blackbird.
To their west stretched the Chesapeake Bay itself, with its blue deep water, purple in the distance and covered with a thin line of heat haze. Two huge tankers passed each other, far out in the channel about four miles away. One came from Baltimore heading out empty and the other ran deep in the water with a supply of petroleum. To the north Tench could see the towers of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge with long suspension spans.
Strake’s waterfront came abreast of the Emmy’s starboard. Far back over an expanse of lawn stretching up from the shoreline Tench saw the Strake mansion and the barns, including the two story silver colored car barn where the millionaire stored his precious antique cars. Behind the barn Tench noticed a new structure with a corrugated steel roof, wider but not as tall as the museum. This building Tench had not seen before. The bottom below the boat shoaled fast in some places. This shallow area with its seaweed and muddy bottom hid the best local breeding ground for the blue crabs and the oysters.
The shoreline arced inward into small bays, returning each time to its long line along the surf. Tench spotted ragged patterns of crusted seaweed and the remains of fish cast up on the beach, left behind with the tides. The trees alongside the lawn area had been cut back making the expanse much wider. A bulldozer sat parked in the center. It appeared Strake had been preparing an expansive lawn on what had once been a long field of knee high grass and mud ruts. Tench noticed with a smile the tiny white garden structure at the edge of the lawn. He and Julie had their talks in this little building with its wooden railings and cake work roof. In those days they talked of designing great racing cars together. Her little ditty, often said to him, went through his mind, reminding him of those old days,
“I’ll design them and you build them,”
The yacht began to slow down and the Emmy came up on her port side, far west of her towards the deeper water of the Bay. Tench picked up the binoculars and scanned the deck of the yacht. He could see several black men, one at the wheel and the others working lines. He could also read the name on the stern. “Oilman” and the port of registry of Washington.
“With a name like that, she must belong to Strake or his company in Texas,” said Tench. “I’ve never seen her before.”
Smote nodded and moved the wheel. He had to steer out into the Bay to avoid the stern of the bigger craft. The bow of the workboat rose high on the crests of the former boat’s wake.
Tench said, “You know, I think he’s following the deep water channel that Strake dredged into his place.” They watched as the yacht turned toward the shoreline and began a direct plot to the pier where Strake had several small boats tied up.
Tench pointed to the yacht. “I guess Mister Strake‘s got visitors.”
Smote had his own binoculars up to his eyes and he raked the beach.
“You see anything?” asked Tench.
Smote shook his head. “I look at the land for a clue as to what my grandfather did here that morning.”
Tench began to look also, to search the water for anything that might resemble an anchor line.
“You think he would have anchored, I mean, lost that anchor, this far out?” asked Tench. They had moved past the pier area where the yacht was landing.
“I don’t know. We got another puzzle too.”
“What?” asked Tench?
“He must have gone in the water close to shore, someplace shallow, and then tried to wade ashore. I think that’s the way he lost one of his boots. They fit him tight, but getting in this mud might have pulled one off. Say he was running away and his feet got stuck, what do you think, Jimmy?”
For the next ten minutes, Smote continued well offshore. He reached a spot opposite the far end of the cleared beach, an area where fallen trees and brush obscured the shoreline.
“Where are we heading?” asked Tench.
“A hunch,” said Smote.
“See anything?” asked Tench, panning the water and the brush with his binoculars.
“Nothing yet,” said Smote as he turned the wheel to starboard to steer closer to shore. “The guards I think they do not see us up the beach this far.”
“Remember, the water is too shallow for your grandfather to have run the Emmy to the beach along here,” said Tench.
“Not too shallow for standing and seeing things from further out,” Smote answered.
After a few minutes, Tench managed to spot something white barely cresting in the water, and caught in some of the weed close to the beach. He pointed to the object.
Smote gunned the boat closer, Tench up on the bow, watching the depth as the prow moved through the weed. He could see the seaweed running below the bow. Then, with the basket of a crab net, Tench reached forward over the water and snagged the white thing. As he pulled it in he could see that it was the end of a white line, dirtied by the water but still white. Tench pulled it to him and then aboard. Smote grinned as he recognized the line.
“I told you we get somewhere. That’s the Captain’s anchor line.”
Tench pulled on the wet line that still went out in front of them. The line moved inward then stopped and pulled hard caught on something. Tench yanked and it broke free. As it came up from the mud bottom, Tench saw, attached to its end, a triangular shaped piece of steel with sharp prongs, fouled with weeds.
Smote nodded. “His anchor, Jimmy,” he said. When Tench had it aboard, Smote touched the metal tenderly with his fingers.
“You’re sure?” asked Tench.
“I have seen that damn thing so many times out with the Captain. I even remember when he bought it,” said Smote, studying the anchor. He looked at the beach, at the many old and gnarled fallen trees touching the water. “He must have put it overboard and waded ashore here.”
Tench examined the end of the line. He held the line up for Smote to examine.
“See the knife cuts in the end?” Tench said.
“Captain Bob would not cut his lines,” said Smote.
“What do you think?” Tench asked.
“That anchor cost a lot of money. Too much to leave here. If he did lose it, he would have gone back to find it,” said Smote.
Tench saw the bushes move at the top of the bank. Then he saw the barrel of a rifle pointing at him. He crouched down on the bow. The muzzle moved with him, not more than twenty feet away.
“I guess I was wrong. We have company,” said Smote, watching the weapon.
A deep voice drawled, “The land here is posted. You all might just push off.” Tench recognized the accent as one used by the Africans who guarded the compound, a kind of British tone.
Tench could not see the man talking to him. The rifle barrel was pointed directly at his chest.
“Yes sir, we’re going,” Tench said.
“I wouldn’t give them no pleasure,” said Smote, in a whisper.
“You don’t see that rifle pointed at you. I do. Let’s get out of here,” said Tench.
Smote shifted the boat into reverse. The mud and weed swirled by the sides of the boat as the engine backed them into deeper water. In a few moments, they stood well out from the shore, Smote turning gradually to head back down the Bay toward River Sunday. Crossing back in front of the mansion, Tench watched through his binoculars the shoreline and the yacht which was fully secured to Strake’s pier.
“You got to tell the Sheriff about that anchor,” said Smote above the noise of the engine.
“Soon as I get a chance.”
“People in town, they take their time, because they think this is an accident.” Smote added, “I just know we’re gonna have to do this ourselves. We’ll have to sneak into Strake’s farm, Jimmy, ‘cause I know he went in there looking for something. We got to find out what my grandfather saw,” he said, his eyes narrowed, watching the water ahead of the boat.
“The guards will be there,” said Tench.
“Yeah, but we beat them. We have to do this because the sheriff, he won’t help us,” said Smote. “You’ll see. We have to work alone.”
“Satter might be interested in us finding that anchor.”
“You tell him. I guess he will say, it have to be more than that before he’ll go up against Strake. You know that, Jimmy.”
Tench didn’t want to agree with his friend about the town authorities, not yet. He continued to watch the yacht. He could see a tall black woman, a stranger, stepping on to the pier from the yacht. She was dressed in draped bright clothes and colorful sandals. Two black men wearing dark suits stood beside her. He recognized them as two of Strake’s African mechanics, men who had come into the garage with Stagmatter in the past. Stagmatter had introduced them as workmen brought here to take care of his cars.
The woman waved toward the mansion. Tench recognized the bulky form of Stagmatter coming down the lawn. The man, even in the distance, could not be mistaken for anyone else.
Smote had been watching too. He asked, “You ever see that woman?”
Tench shook his head as he watched and said, “I know a couple of those African men. One of them seemed to be very interested in Cunningham’s picture. Listened while I told him and I remember he said to me, “We have these men in our country too.”
“What did he mean by that?” asked Smote. “He have a racing car?”
Tench said, “I guess he wanted to say something good about his homeland. I can understand that.”
“Pride,” said Smote. “I say things good about Ecuador when I first came to the States.”
Tench felt Stagmatter‘s eyes on him and Smote. For the first time, Abraham growled and stood from his perch, as if he wanted to swim to shore. Then, when Tench put his hand on the dog’s shoulder, Abraham quieted and patiently watched the shoreline as Smote powered the boat away.

Chapter Three
9AM Monday August 16

“You got to spend more time here, Jimmy,” Katy said, impatiently, before he left in the morning to help his aunt, the Mayor, at the library.
She continued, “I want to sit down with you and soon, Jimmy. You agreed when you bought into my Daddy’s place you’d listen to what I had to say.” He nodded agreement, knowing she was right. He heard in her voice he had to start looking after Katy’s business interests too. Like him, Katy owned minority shares in the shop. However, his aunt owned some of the shop too and she demanded a lot of his time.
At the small library, Miss Peck, dressed in her blue librarian suit with a white collar, welcomed her audience. She spoke in a far more excited tone than Tench ever remembered coming from her thin lips and white face. On a folding wooden chair, perched her long haired brown cat she had named Hemingway. The cat came into the building with the librarian every day. A black woman, too tall for her leather chair, sat on the other side of the podium. Her dark hair glared partly visible under a bright green cloth, while her figure remained hidden in a cloth also green but with orange stripes. Tench smiled as he noticed her long legs stretched out searching for room like his. Then he realized this same woman had been standing with Stagmatter at the Island yesterday.
“Sorry to be late,” he said to his aunt.
She turned to him, her white blouse slightly open at the neck in the warm library air. People in town remarked on the similarities between the aunt and the nephew. Even under his deep weathered tan Tench’s face had the same resolute jut of facial features, the intelligent eyes, the strong cheeks and mouth. Mayor Betty Smart well understood her good looks gave her power. She showed off her middle-aged beauty to all the men in the town. The sweet and invasive perfume she wore hung about her in the damp air. She said, “I wanted you to meet this woman. She’s going to do a lot for my town.”
“She arrived at Strake’s yesterday,” Tench said.
“Yes, this woman is a friend of Strake’s. She’s staying at the mansion. I want to make sure she is welcome. Marengo called me about her.” Marengo had worked for Strake for many years. Also an African, Marengo was known around town for the three vertical scars on his forehead. He told Tench one time he received them from his village elders in a ceremony when he entered manhood.
“You went to the Island?” she suddenly blurted, surprise in her face and tone.
“Smote and I took the Emmy out there and cruised by the beach.”
She frowned. “You keep away from that Latino’s claims about his grandfather’s death. Strake’s our most important citizen, our only millionaire.” Betty Smart knew money. After all she had financed most of the purchase price of Tench’s garage, carrying it along with her other small businesses. More than anyone else, Tench owed her for his success in River Sunday. Looking at the African writer, she spoke with a calm expectation in her eyes.
“She’ll write about the town. I want her to be on our side.”
He stayed on his subject. “So, Captain Bob, you think it’s not murder?” he asked.
“Of course not, Jimmy.” Her attention was now on the African.
“What about Stagmatter? Do you think he could have done it?” He pushed his aunt’s patience. He owed Smote and the old man this attempt to ask his aunt about the situation. ”You know him pretty well. He is in your office from time to time. Actually, you’re one of the few people he talks to.”
“I said it’s not murder, Jimmy. Don’t you worry yourself about Stagmatter either. He’s all business. We talk about money and the town. He’s very interested in River Sunday. All he says to me is he wants more police patrols to protect the car museum and better roads into the estate. He’s very nice to me and I can’t believe he or Mister Strake would raise a finger to hurt anyone.”
The librarian’s voice pushed through his consciousness as she introduced the speaker. “Doctor Madeline Owerri has been employed as a writer for the Economist since she finished university in England. She has specialized in African affairs. Her latest book, The Bell, is published by Samson and Sons of London and has already been nominated for the prestigious International Book Prize in Non-fiction. We’re so fortunate to have her visiting River Sunday this week as part of her book tour of the United States. I should mention,” she said, looking around timidly, “Mister Strake helped the library to steal her away from her busy schedule of bookstore readings.”
The audience squeaked their chairs in the morning heat. The librarian opened a copy of the book, pushing back the cover sheet and holding the pages. She bent forward as she said,
“First, by way of further introduction and before we have questions, I’d like to share with you an excerpt from The Bell. Doctor Owerri has asked me to read and I hope I can do it justice.” Miss Peck proceeded with the motherly voice she used in her children’s reading group.
“An ancient mud brick fortress in my town has a heavy wall built from east to west to guard the harbor. In full view of ships anchored on the sheltered water are two tall and very thick wooden posts with a great brass bell suspended between them. This bell came many centuries ago from England from a foundry in Liverpool. The gift of this bell occasioned at the time a magnificent feast attended by chiefs from all the tribes of the neighboring villages.
“For hundreds of years afterwards, a man would climb the wall and ring the bell three times when cargoes arrived from the countryside to be traded with visiting merchants from the ships. A local chief, held in high respect for his services to the traders, earned the privilege of maintaining the bell, a duty which passed down over centuries to his sons. Today’s keepers of the bell are descendants of the original tribe. Part of their continuing duty, carried on even today, is to clean the sides of the bell after each storm so it remains brilliant in the sunlight. The bell has been known for all these years as a symbol of my country’s prosperity for no other harbor on the coast has ever received such a magnificent token of the foreign traders’ respect.
“The traders bought slaves and the bell rang when a cargo of slaves assembled in the harbor pens.
“They came from the rural areas to the assembly fields near the shoreline. The traders from the local tribes made ready for the auctions. English and other European agents who lived in local houses would then come out to the auction to represent the ships and their employers in Europe and the Americas. When the auction was ready, the bell ringer repeated sets of three rings of the bell until longboats lowered and the merchants came ashore.”
“At the side of the bell, after all the centuries, the original huge timbers still rise from the enclosure of the thick wall. These support the bell as well as a small side platform for the bell ringer to climb upon to do his task. Tourists ask about the sword cuts on the timbers. These are deep in the wood surface and even after many years of repairs and coats of paint, the caretakers of the bell have not been able to remove them.
“The marks are the only remaining sign of a desperate battle held three hundred years ago at the foot of the wall and near the supports of the bell. A single tribal group, a small number of dedicated men from my country, attempted to destroy the bell against the multitude of forces quickly assembled to defend it. The small band came to the bell at night and its leader began to ring it without stopping even though no ships had arrived. He warned the people to beware the traitors who would sell their own people. These fighters died, their bodies hung on posts and burned. Over many months the blackened carcasses rotted away.
“My ancestral great grandfather led the attack and his body burned the brightest. His descendants made a memorial to him. On the inside walls of the bell is the painting of a golden blossom with a black center and the English words: “One person with courage rang this bell to warn his village of the foreign slavers.”
In the silence following the reading, Doctor Owerri proceeded forward to the podium, her sandals clapping on the tile floor.
Tench recognized the African writer’s facial expression immediately. He’d seen it as a child growing up on the Baltimore streets. She had the same belligerent smile with steel beneath it, the edges of her mouth not bending with any warmth. She walked with a jauntiness of a person who feels sure she is in the right and deserves to be welcomed. Her face shone with the energy of a person who had much to say. However, at the same time as she reached the podium and began to speak, the cat did not want to hear her. It jumped away, its tail high in the air, and disappeared among the bookcases.
Tench had no interest in her message. He tried to move his cramped legs again. He thought of schemes about how he could convince his aunt to let him out of this kind of event in the future. He looked at his aunt. As she listened, she scribbled what she referred to as her “daily orders” in the little leather covered notebook she carried in her huge purse.
“Thank you for welcoming me with your famous Maryland hospitality,” the writer said, her voice deep and melodious, clipped with the same British accent as the African mechanics. Her words swept through the heat of the library room, its books, and the assemblage of senior citizens and schoolchildren in front of her. Tench noticed her rings. She had jeweled rings on every finger of each hand, including around her thumbs. As she spoke, she moved her hands for emphasis and the jewels sparkled.
His aunt noted the rings too and said under her breath, “She must be African royalty to be wearing all that jewelry, Jimmy.”
The African said, “Thank you, Miss Peck, for reading the excerpt from my book. As you will find out when you read the book, today that same bell is no longer rung for slave traders. Yet by its very presence and existence standing over the harbor of our greatest city, it symbolically still welcomes marauding outsiders and continues to cheer on the destruction of my country.”
Chairs creaked again and arms were raised with questions.
An older black woman called out, “Doctor Owerri, you describe parallels existing between your country, a country of the Third World and our country, the post-industrial United States.”
Owerri spoke harshly, some of the words coming through without the subtle British accent. “It is true. In my country we have always had a ruling class, those who survive and participate in each historical stage of the country. Some of the families who run my country today are descendants of the same ones who traded its people to the Europeans during the slave trade. Today they trade in petroleum. These elites are here and are in every country in the world. This theory is simple and easy to prove as I say in my book.”
She smiled, as if she knew more than the rest of the people in the room, held some insight her Third World birth had given her over this rural audience. “My book documents this ruling elite and its presence among countries, regardless of how small or poor the nations may be.”
Another hand went up, this from a very fat man, his lap covered with loose papers. Tench knew him, the editor of the weekly newspaper in River Sunday.
“Doctor,” he said, with a drawl, “You mentioned ‘black prophets,’ who came to your family’s village centuries ago and taught them to fight slavery.”
She leaned forward. “These white visitors are referred to as black because they dressed in dark cloth. From the accounts in our legends, they did not embrace the culture of slavery which existed in most tribes in my country. My research so far indicates they may have been a sect of Quakers.”
“Quakers?” the man asked.
“Yes, but a unique sect. I’ve gained my description of them from the few written records, the legends memorized by village historians and told to Europeans. They ate only vegetables they grew by themselves from seeds they brought with them. They refused to own the land or to have slaves to help them with their crops. They left no children. All of them eventually died from river fevers which indicates to me they must have emigrated from far away and were never seasoned to the climate. When they died, they refused to have grave markers. My family put stones on the sites of their burial, but only after the last of them died, the man they called their leader. I might say also they insisted on being buried upright, their feet down and their faces toward the east.”
A white girl about ten from the local elementary school raised her hand and, in her young voice, asked, “You mention your own family as a source of your dedication. Can you tell me about your brothers and sisters?”
Doctor Owerri smiled and said, “Many centuries ago my family owned most of the land in the south of the country. They had many canoes and the men to handle the boats. Canoes, in our country of that period, were a sign of wealth. Each part of the family had its own canoe and team of men. They were a large tribe of interrelated traders each with their own relatives. My immediate family lived in a settlement where they built a fortified house. The house had three stories with towers with bright red painted turrets at each end. My family came to be known for its resistance to the slave traders who would take people north to the Arab lands to sell with their salt exports. When the merchant white Europeans came, these same traders began to sell slaves to the visiting ships. My family would not allow this practice in its own lands.”
The girl persisted, “What was it like when you were a little girl?”
“The trade in oil replaced the trade in slaves. My family would not allow the trade in the oil. So, the government killed my father, mother and brother. Afterwards the officials completely took over the land for oil prospecting leases.” The audience sighed.
The meeting adjourned to a book signing. The people lined up to get a copy of the Bell and to have it signed. The author engaged in small talk with her readers as she sat at a small table near the side of the room, penning her signature.
Tench was anxious to get back to his garage. The African saw him look at his watch. She stood up and walked toward Tench and his aunt.
As she approached, the Mayor rose. She smoothed her blouse and summer slacks and said, “I’m Mayor Smart. This is Jim Tench my assistant.” Tench took his turn shaking the African’s hand. She had rough hands and a strong grip.
“Interesting talk,” went on the Mayor, in what Tench knew as her most pleasant voice. “I look forward to reading your book.”
“I hope you like it. Mister Tench, what did you think?” Owerri asked. Tench didn’t say anything.
“My nephew is not much on books,” interpreted the Mayor.
Owerri said, her voice perfectly gracious and statesmanlike. “I have had many students, young boys, in my classes. Few liked books.” She laughed, moving closer to the Mayor. “Oh, yes,” she nodded, “I taught in my country for many years. I came back after studying English literature in England. After my family died everything of course changed. Because of the danger I went into hiding. None of our American friends including Mister Strake could help. After some time I fled back to England where I began writing.”
Tench offered, “I remember Marengo up at the Strake farm talking about a house with red turrets,” said Tench.
“Marengo is an old friend and the reason I am staying at the Island. He prevailed upon Mister Strake to invite me to stay.”
“I would think you’d have something against oil men like Strake, from listening to your talk,” said Tench.
“No, William Strake and his family remained close to mine when they worked in Africa, although they did not agree on oil policy. Marengo worked for Mister Strake so the government did not bother him.”
Tench wondered what she thought of Stagmatter, but he didn’t ask. Instead, he said, “Marengo used to tell me he and Mister Strake went to trade for oil leases with the African chief who owned land near that big house. As I remember the story, they didn’t have much luck.”
“Bill Strake never mentioned that part of his history to me,” interrupted the Mayor, anxious to get back into the conversation. Tench knew her expression, a sag in her face, an embarrassment others knew more than she did.
Tench said, “Marengo and Mister Strake, they'd come out on the porch where Julie and I were sitting in the evening. They’d tell us stories about Africa and hunting for oil.”
Doctor Owerri seemed to look past Tench, her eyes glazed for a moment. “Yes,” she said, “That chief they referred to was my father.”
Tench said, “Well, anyway, Marengo also helped Mister Strake hunt for old cars for his collection. They would go out to the plantations once owned by the Europeans and look in barns where the cars had been abandoned by their former owners.”
She looked away, back at her pile of books waiting to be signed in the front of the room. Just as she turned away, Tench saw three small vertical scars cut into the side of her forehead, half hidden under her hair. He thought that they might be the same as the ones on Marengo. Noticing his gaze, she quickly turned back to the Mayor and said, “I intend to testify about my book at the United Nations Africa Committee meeting in a few days here in River Sunday.”
“No one has ever testified before that little group here in River Sunday,” said the Mayor, surprised. “They meet here for a short conference and then they enjoy going fishing, like a little vacation. Lots of Washington politicians come here for the same purpose.”
For small government meetings, many conferences had been held in River Sunday without media coverage. The attendees, mostly from nearby Washington, liked the side benefits. Besides the good fishing in the local rivers and the golf courses nearby, the Mayor had a working girlfriend in the business outside Annapolis. She could provide on short notice a limousine full of young women or young men or both suitable for a late night party at the hotel. The limo would arrive at the back door well after dark and leave before the town woke up in the morning. Whether Satter and the Mayor had a side bet on this arrangement Tench didn’t know. The sheriff liked more money coming into the town, especially to a tavern he owned. Tench figured he got his share by casually stopping the limo on its way out of town out on the highway.
“My publisher found out their schedule and thought it would be important to testify to them.”
“Why testify here? Why not in New York?” Tench asked Doctor Owerri.
She said, too quickly Tench thought, “The slave monument in the harbor, of course. It’s world renowned. My publisher thinks the press will pay more attention to me and my book if I speak here where the slavery monument is located.” This answer played well to the Mayor. His aunt smiled with the reference to the town’s biggest tourist attraction.
“Your publisher has also notified the reporters I guess?” asked the Mayor.
She smiled, a little concerned. “They will be notified,” she said quickly and then turned to her table of books. “Well, I guess I have about an hour to go.”
One of the audience came up and began to tug on the writer’s arm, saying, “Could you sign my copy, Doctor Owerri?”
The tall African woman nodded at the Mayor and took this opportunity to move back to her book table. The librarian waited with several people holding up their books to be autographed.
“Satter will want to know about her talking to the United Nations and all the press she is arranging,” said the Mayor, jotting furiously in her notebook and walking quickly to the door.
“Yeah,” said Tench. “I expect every crazy in Maryland will come here to demonstrate for and against her.”
She scribbled in her notebook. “It’s going to be wonderful for the town. All the publicity. For sure there won’t be any trouble. Nothing has happened in River Sunday since the civil rights riots before you or I lived here.”
“You better tell Satter.”
She looked at him, not smiling. “Yes, I will.”
Others from the audience walked out of the library behind Tench. Some stood in small groups discussing the meeting. One man, attending with a photographer, came from a black owned newspaper in Baltimore and had been taking copious notes during the testimony.
When Doctor Owerri came out the door still talking with one of the reading group, this reporter approached her.
“Dr. Owerri,” he asked, “Have you ever met the ‘Serpent?’” He pronounced it “sir-pont” with exaggerated French elucidation.
She looked at him without any expression. “No one has ever seen him,” the reporter continued, “but he’s supposed to be the worst terrorist in your country.”
“I don’t know anything about the Snake,” she answered. She began walking away toward the station wagon Tench recognized as from Strake’s farm. She continued to speak over her shoulder, and said, “As you may know, I am no longer welcome in my country. All I know about the Snake, as you call him, is what I read in the press.”
The reporter continued, “He seems to have disappeared three years ago. Your government continues to say it is closing in on the Snake’s hideout. He has been accused of being the mastermind behind many of the attacks on various governments in African countries with oil. He blew up the hotel and killed the new president of one of them the day after the man took office.”
A station wagon with the logo of the Strake farm on its doors pulled up. “I suspect,” she said, walking toward it, “He will never be taken alive. He is African. He will be caught when he wants to be and only then, and he will die when he must. He will not be taken by any such governments for they are all illegal and set up by the world elite.” She walked faster to the curb. The door to the car opened and she got in. Three of the African mechanics from the yacht sat in the car. One of them screeched the car away from the crowd and it moved into the traffic filled street.
“Do you think the Serpent is planning terror attacks in Europe?” the reporter relentlessly called after the car.
The sheriff’s cruiser pulled into the space left by the station wagon. Satter got out and walked quickly up to the Mayor.
She said, “She’s going to talk about her book to the little United Nations committee this Friday.”
He said, “I just got word on that from my friends in Baltimore. The word is some people might come down here to demonstrate about the United Nations. I don’t like it, Betty. This town’s too small for international politics.”
“Will the UN meeting be cancelled?” she asked.
“That would cause more negative publicity. Apparently this publishing company of hers is pretty powerful.”
“We’ll handle it,” she said. “After all, it might bring in a company or two to think about the industrial park.”
“Not if it turns out to be a street riot.”
“Well, Sheriff,” she said firmly, “You just make sure we don’t have any problems.”
Chapter Four
9 AM, Tuesday August 17

Tench stood with the other mourners among the sweet and sour perfumes of magnolia trees, loblolly pines and raw earth near the fresh dug grave. Subdued by the haze of the hot morning sun, the River Sunday cemetery divided down its center with a narrow entry through large iron gates. Three rusted Napoleon twelve pounder tubes captured from Confederate emplacements at the Wilderness stood picket. The Confederate dead mustered in a section of the graveyard at a right angle of the guns behind a scrolled iron fence overgrown with vines and wisteria. Behind the symbolic protection of the cannon rested the moss covered plots of Union soldiers and people of color.
He heard the roaring exhaust sound, then saw the car, long and shiny with chrome exhausts coming from the hood. Strake’s antique roadster. The bright pipes passed under the side mounted spare tires and sparkled in the sunlight. The 1932 Mercedes roadster pulled to the side of the road. Strake, on one of his rare visits to River Sunday, had come to pay his respects to Captain Bob.
The excited chatter took on murmurs of disappointment as the crowd recognized Stagmatter driving the car and Strake absent. Strake’s car curator and chief mechanic turned off the big engine, which continued to pre-ignite for a few revolutions, then sputtered and grew silent. The car sat high on its bright chrome wire wheels. Stagmatter clambered down to the grass. The curator stood large, and like his car, exuded brutish power. 
In the past, this man’s handshake had overpowered the few outstretched hands of friendship proffered him. Stories often passed around about him, and comments too, such as, “Here comes Stagmatter in his German staff car.” Of course, because of his size, no one dared insult him to his face. People had become used to his presence, however, and most assumed Strake had hired Stagmatter, not because the man had personality but because of his expertise on classic vehicles. Therefore, the town’s citizens, with their rural pragmatism, accepted Stagmatter and put up with his rude demeanor.
Stagmatter strode forward, the people pulling back to give him room, and whispering as he passed. His head, promoting its oiled back yellow brown hair, was higher than the tallest local men. Stagmatter’s impassive face with its square stolid features and half closed eyes displayed no emotion.
Tench looked around. All the men and women who worked the water near River Sunday had come. They stood respectfully, near the new grave, fresh from work and dressed in their boat overalls. The ones who had crabbed or oystered the tidewater with Captain Bob treated the occasion with such dignity that they even brought their wives and children. The young, eyes wide with the concept of death, held on to their mothers in their fear.
Tench studied Stagmatter who stood opposite him on the other side of the flower covered casket. Stagmatter, while not appearing particularly malevolent, did have a certain look of boredom that permeated his efforts at sorrow. Tench sensed he attended here under orders from Strake.
The crowd included an equal number of white as well as black mourners, well representative of Captain Bob’s popularity among all the local citizens. The whites, for the most part, stood back a little from the site, while the people of color congregated closest to the proceedings. Smote, his handsome face shifting back and forth from angry glare to tearful sadness, stood next to the preacher. He’d glance from time to time at Tench, portraying his sorrow. Beside him his rotund wife dressed in her only black outfit, the one she wore when she worked as a cocktail waitress at Lulu’s Motorboat Lounge. Her hands rested on the shoulders of their two little girls, who dressed in white church outfits with black bows around tiny waists.
Tench’s aunt did not come. If she goes to one funeral, the Mayor often told him, she’d have to go to all of them. The sheriff did not attend either. One day, he got all of Tench’s garage staff laughing, even Beets, who happened to have a perpetually sick wife, and who never smiled. He said with his drawl that he didn’t attend funerals because he saw enough dead people at work. As a matter of fact, only one of the county commissioners came, an overweight white balding man up for election, red faced and standing in his own sweat. The politician nodded to Tench as he looked around at prospective black voters.
The crowd recited with Pastor Allingham the simple prayers and songs of death. Tench had forgotten these verses he had known so well when he attended a Catholic church in Baltimore with his family. He listened to the others near him and tried to follow with his lips the religious words. Afterward the Pastor, a short black man with a mustache and white hair, began his talk. True to the storytelling talents of good preachers, he started with a story about the Captain.
“The man we know as Captain Bob, born Mattapeake Lincoln, did watchman duty for me. He’d sit on his porch at his house a few doors away from the church and he’d make sure no one hurt our church.
“One time he taught me a lesson about being a Christian. A stranger had come to our church, had walked inside on a hot day and then left without anyone noticing his presence. No one except Captain Bob. The man had helped himself to our poor box mounted on the wall just inside the door. He had put several bills and some change in his pants pocket and then had walked quickly away, his head down as if trying to hide his sin.
“Well, the Captain followed the man. All the time, he told me he had to think of what to do when he caught up with the thief. Captain Bob intended to beat the man, to take back the money and to turn him over to the police. Then he decided to ask him why he stole the money. He thought that the man might be in need and he should consider carefully his punishment of the thief.
“By and by he caught up to him at the town pier preparing to get on a bicycle the man had stashed along the side of the road. Captain Bob stood in front of the bike and held the handlebars so he could not flee. He asked him why he had stolen the money. At first the man denied doing so, but as the Captain restrained him from getting away, he finally admitted his guilt. He said he had not eaten in three days.
“The captain came to me with this story and asked me what he should have done. I said, ‘Captain, I hope you gave the money to the man.’ He said he had finally done so. Then he gave me the same amount to put back into the poor box.
“I tell you this story because this man of our family knew that Jesus wanted us to reach out to others. He taught me that when he came back to the church to repay the man’s theft with his own money. I can assure you the door to our church has never been locked since.
“He did the work of the followers of Jesus. He worked as a fisherman like many of our family, taking food from the water. The water also gave him peace and kindness. He had a certain humanity Jesus tried to give to all of us, a true sense of home and its people.
“On the other hand, he was never afraid to take action. He’d see something wrong and he’d look into it. He wasn’t afraid to step up and meddle in affairs about which many of us would never bother ourselves, things which we should have done if we had loved this place as much as he.”
The Pastor looked out at them, “Bob felt love about his home, about River Sunday, about all of us. My brothers and sisters, he knew life is all about home. We defend our home and we fight for it. We have two homes, our home on earth and our home in heaven. Some like Bob are luckier than others and will have both. Others have lost their home on earth and seek to take from others. Men like Captain Bob defend us so we can keep what home we have, yet have charity for just causes, and today we thank him.
“Captain Bob did what we all strive to do. This man lived as a private soldier, the old time kind of warrior, independent of rank and glory.”
Tench’s mind drifted to the evening before the old man’s death when he and Smote had dinner with Captain Bob at his house, his home.
“Como está. Glad you could come,” Smote said, handing Tench an opened longneck. “Maybe you and the Captain could talk while I get some more beers.” He said this with a wink at Tench.
Smote even then worried about the old man’s safety. The old man had fished the Strake farm shoreline all his life. He did not break the habit. Several times over the past two months he had been warned to stay further offshore by guards patrolling the shoreline, keeping all boats far offshore. Once he came home with bruises on his arms and a swollen left eye, as well as a smashed window port on the side of his boat cabin.
Abraham, the old man's Chesapeake dog, sat panting on the side of the lawn, amid a collection of waterlogged sticks he liked to fetch. The harbor had become so quiet that the splashes of small perch surfacing among the edge of the mudflat reeds reverberated. Tench had turned quickly at each splash, as if he worried about an enemy lurking out on the water, someone or something intending harm to this old waterman.
The late August sun created an orange glow in the western sky far over the Bay. The tops of the pines growing along the opposite side glinted with late light, while shadows below competed with sparks on the spars and cabins of the many anchored yachts of cruising tourists. Tench loved these evenings, free from the high winds and water of the later storms coming in from the Chesapeake. Years before, he had often brought Julie with him and she loved the Captain too.
“There’s more beer, Jimmy,” said Smote, returning to the yard and setting down the ice chest.
Tench turned toward the smaller and darker Smote, grinned and said, “Here you go.” He expertly threw his empty bottle laterally to his shorter mustached friend. Smote pretended a catcher’s stance and then almost dropped the soft pitch.
“You’re losing your touch,” Tench kidded. “You used to be good back when we were playing teenage ball in the city.”
“Maybe, amigo, I still catch your fast ball,” said Smote. He said the words with traces of an accent, from many childhood years in Ecuador living with his drunken father after his mother, the Captain’s daughter, died in Baltimore.
Tench signaled a fast ball and pretended a throw. Smote moved his arms and hands to catch, cupping back to his chest the feigned impact. “You boys ought to have signed with the Orioles,” said Captain Bob, from his chair on the porch. 
“No, they do not pay enough,” said Smote, with a serious tone, his smirk giving him away, as he lifted a new beer and tossed it to Tench.
Smote burped, after gulping his own beer, “Good in this heat.”
Tench asked Smote, “You going out tomorrow with the Captain?”
“In a day or two,” Smote had declared that evening. “Right now, got plenty work onshore. Me and my boss, we’ll be finishing up on a roof tomorrow.”
“Make money while you can,” said the Captain.
“Where you heading tomorrow, Captain Bob?” Tench asked.
“Maybe I’ll go up to the Island,” said the Captain. His statement illustrated to his younger listeners his lack of fear and compromise with Strake’s rules.
“Plenty of other areas to set your trot line,” said Smote. The bottles inside the cooler clattered as he procured another longneck beer.
“Strake’s people are serious,” Smote said.
“Maybe you should, Captain Bob,” said Tench.
“You know they’ve shot at people, Jimmy,” said Smote.
“People say they put a machine gun in that little building by the shoreline. Have you seen that?” Tench asked the old man.
The Captain smiled, his mouth showing two gold teeth.
“I remember when you and the girl sat there.” He grinned. “You boys don’t know what you’re talking about,” he answered, taking one of Smote’s beers and slugging it, his draught as strong as either of the younger men. At that moment, the Chesapeake retriever came up next to the old man’s chair and shook himself, spraying harbor water all over the men.
“I know they fired at those kids and Strake’s lawyer had to pay off their parents to keep quiet about suing him.” Tench ventured, trying to keep the conversation alive.
“You told me yourself, old man, that they drove Strake’s whaler out to your boat, showed guns, and warned you,” said Smote.
“They don’t have no right to tell me where I put my lines,” said the Captain. He continued, pointing at Tench with the neck end of his half empty beer bottle, “You have to fight, protect what you got. Otherwise, they’ll own your soul, you’ll never have anything left, no place you can still call home.”
He stood, “You watch the land, boys, and I’ll take care of the water. I’m going to check my hard crabs.” Inside in a large black enameled pot, they had boiled two dozen crabs, fresh caught by the Captain.
Tench and Smote followed him inside.
“You want some help?” asked Tench.
“You’re the guest. You’re so busy at the garage, we don’t see you much anymore. You sit down,” replied Smote, helping his grandfather.
Tench went back to the porch and sat in a wooden upright chair at the end of the table. Already this late in the summer the sun left more quickly, the light faded out on the harbor. Some of the tourists in yachts from Baltimore had turned on their deck lights. He could see a man and his wife or girlfriend in the closest boat, having a drink while sitting in the cockpit. The woman, in a two piece swimsuit, held her drink and walked around on the boat’s deck several times. The man, for his part, sat back and watched her, his right arm and hand lazy over the tiller, his left bringing up his own glass from time to time.
Smote came out carrying hot corn on the cob and placed it on the plastic white and red check covering of the table.
“Stagmatter,” he said, his voice angry. “Ever since he came here, things have been different.”
“Stagmatter doesn’t have many friends, for sure,” agreed Tench, with a smile, as he picked an ear of corn.
“People used to be pleasant. You dated Strake’s daughter. You ought to remember the good times.”
Tench did remember those times, she sixteen, he eighteen. He came fresh from Baltimore, a kid from a poor neighborhood in Baltimore. She was Mister Strake’s daughter, the child of a rich oil man who had made tons of money in African wells. From the moment they met, magic occurred. They both felt predestined for each other.
Smote went on, “I think Strake’s personality change when his family die in Texas.”
Tench nodded in agreement, “You remember when Missus Strake invited the whole baseball team up to the house for a cookout?”
Smote nodded, stretching his arms as he remembered his playing days. “That was before the man came. Now she’s gone and he, Stagmatter, no one can tell what he’s thinking.”
“The man hates this country,” observed the old man as he sat down with their crabs.
“The night at Lulu’s?” asked Tench. The old man nodded. Lulu’s Motorboat Lounge served as the local watering hole, the bar of choice for everyone. The men could eat a good lunch and watch a woman stripper. Then town women met for cocktails in the afternoon so Lulu arranged male strippers for them. Reverend Blue’s born again New Jesus Temple’s rented the place and held its popular bingo each Sunday night. That church tapped extra money from the highway crowd coming back from the beaches south of River Sunday.
Captain Bob said, “First month around here, he went to Lulu’s to look at her girls. Brought along those African mechanics he has working on the cars. They drank and he started in telling his African friends about how much he hated Americans. Some of the River Sunday war veterans heard him praising German soldiers in the last war. Got so a fight come on and, way I heard it, his mechanics got him out just in time.”
The old man continued, “On the shoreline I see them standing around with guns. They don’t scare me,” said the old man, reaching for another crab. “Nazi navy didn’t scare me neither.”
“Someone’s going to get hurt,” Smote had said. “I just don’t want that someone to be you.”
“I go in at night. Ain't none of them can’t see me then,” the old man winked.
“You can’t see to do any crabbing in the dark,” said Smote, forcing a laugh.
“Can too.”
Smote looked at Tench, his lips firm.
“Yessir, I tell you boys, the best thing you can do is get yourself a boat like my Emmy. Maybe, Smote, you inherit her when I’m gone. Let me just say, don’t you start thinking that’s going to be too soon. Nossir, you take care of her and she’ll take care of you, keep you from any harm. You get a boat and she’ll be your anchor here in the harbor. She’ll wake you up in the morning and put you to bed at night just like a wife, and, while she’s afloat, she’ll make you stay around to take care of her. She’ll take care of you too, feed you and clothe you in the cold weather, and bring you home. When she’s wore out, then you cut off a piece of her that’s still good like they used to do with the old clipper ships, take that piece for the next one. That’s what you start her replacement with, only make damn sure she’s really gone before you start that new boat, so she don’t get jealous.”
The older man took a break from his eating. He sat back at the table, more thoughtful, his face turned away. Smote and Tench drank their beers. Tench, watching his old mentor from the corner of his eye, tried to converse with Smote about his race car for the Delaware drags.
Suddenly Captain Bob reached toward Tench, his eyes alert, and said, “What do you think Strake is up to, Jimmy?”
The old man waited for his answer, fingers picking by touch the remaining flecks of white meat from a crab’s shell on his plate.
“Well, I’m not sure he’s up to anything, Captain. Those old cars are pretty valuable to him, I guess.”
Captain Bob chuckled as if he had some insight to that neither Tench nor Smote had, as if he knew more, some secret. His eyes calmed as they watched the flickering lights around the harbor, identifying each yacht, each owner. He placed his left hand flat on the arm of his wooden rocker, while his right stroked the head of his dog. His hair set white against his black skin, and dark lined face. His clean afternoon overalls and white cotton stockings showed above what he called his shined brown town shoes. Otherwise he would wear his omnipresent rubber knee high boots he had for working in his boat. Tench saw the black night coming over the harbor.

* * *

The sun was hot. Tench blinked at his tears. The funeral was over. The crowd moved slowly from the graveside and into the stifling sunlight. As they went back to work, their voices became louder, as if they wanted to be heard, as if they wanted to be recognized by all the imprisoned dead in this quiet place, heard as still alive and free.
Tench caught up with Smote. “I’m sorry,” he said. Smote nodded, his hand in that of his wife.
Stagmatter appeared suddenly beside Tench and interrupted, “Mister Strake conveys his sorrow.”
Smote said, “Tell me, Mister Stagmatter, I wondered. I mean, with your guards and all, anyone up there on your farm that wanted to hurt my grandfather?”
“I don’t know what you mean,” said Stagmatter. His expression, a half smile, caught on his face. Tench recognized it as between sadness and clumsily disguised fear.
Stagmatter recovered and said, “Of course not. The guards told me they hadn’t seen him for some time. A kind old man.” His words had returned to his flat tone, devoid of emotion.
“We think it’s murder,” said Tench.
“Who is we?” asked Stagmatter, his voice slightly higher.
“Smote and myself.”
“Why tell me? You should tell your sheriff,” said Stagmatter. A glint of anger appeared in Stagmatter’s eyes.
Stagmatter turned with military precision. Without waiting for an answer from Smote or looking back, he marched, his boots resounding, to the Mercedes through the crowd. The quiet in the graveyard disappeared as the roadster started up, its huge pistons wheezing then seizing fuel vapors and building revolutions. Stagmatter crunched its worn gears into first and the car rumbled forward. The curator, true to his reputation for disregarding anything or anyone in his way, pulled directly into the narrow cemetery road, heading in the wrong direction and against cars already beginning to file out in order. He turned the vehicle, which had a wide turning radius like a farm truck, wheeling back and forth, each time with gears scraping and engine screeching. He blocked the other mourners in the departing line of cars as he maneuvered. Then he gunned the ancient convertible, its oversize wheels spitting stones and its engine leaving behind a cloud of drifting oil smoke among the trees.
Tench spotted another visitor by those same trees. A lone red brown dog sat in the shadows. Abraham, the Captain’s Chesapeake dog, had followed his former master to this spot. Tench walked toward the dog, who stood up, panting in the heat. Tench kneeled and put his hand on the side of the dog’s head, then let Abraham lick his palm. He looked into the sad canine eyes and said in a firm but not loud voice that he thought the dog might understand,
“I know, Abraham. I’m going to find out if anyone did this to your old friend on purpose. I won’t let you down,” he said. Then he realized that he had just broken the old street code he had always followed from the days in Baltimore. Never risk himself for someone else with no profit in sight. He grinned. Maybe the old man had left him a message after all, with all the talk of fighting for his home.

Chapter Five
Noon, Tuesday August 17

An old newspaper article still sat at the top of Tench’s desk. He had glanced at it daily for a long time. On the front page to the left under the international news a picture blared of William Strake and the headline “Billionaire’s daughter and family lost in airplane accident.”
The photo was one showing Strake as a younger man, his hair full and no eyeglasses. The caption said “William Strake, Chairman, Strake Oil Company.” The credit for the photo was Strake Oil, Dallas,Texas.
“AP, Dallas. At 2:32 AM this morning the Cessna twin owned by Strake Oil and carrying Emily Strake, her husband Bob and two daughters Emily and Julie, disappeared from radar over the Gulf of Mexico on their way to vacation in Venezuela. Search boats and planes dispatched to the site found wreckage but no bodies and the search continues. The plane is resting upright on the bottom in one hundred feet of water and appears largely undamaged according to divers at the scene.
“Emily Strake was vice president in charge of African wells for Strake Oil. She was listed in Women of Texas and considered one of the fastest rising women executives in the state. Her husband Robert Tirch was a partner in the Dallas law firm of Donovan and Tirch.
“The Cessna recently passed all inspections. It had been owned by Strake oil for ten years. Its pilot William Luke had been with Strake Oil for fifteen years and was familiar with the area.
“The Coast Guard has called in a new cutter with special search equipment to help in finding survivors. Meanwhile a salvage barge has been sent to the location to attempt to lift the wreckage.”
Tench shook his head. No bodies had ever been found. The police had given up looking.
Julie had told him in that conversation, “The airplane doors were open. The police think the occupants swam out.”
“The children and her husband?” he asked.
“The sharks, Jimmy. I’m afraid the sharks might have got them.”
Then too, she had been worried about her father’s health. “Is Marengo any help to you?” asked Tench.
“He’s the only one there I trust. He goes in to see my father.”
“Goes in?”
She had said, “My father’s in his bedroom, Jimmy. All day and all night. He had been so different since my mother was killed. We still talked. Then, after my sister’s death, he became more distant. He began to forget things.”
“What does Marengo say?”
“He tells me he’s worried about Daddy. He also says Stagmatter handles everything and he can do nothing.”
Tench asked her, “What is going on?”
“Jimmy, I don’t know. Everything is confused.”
“Yes, and Marengo says I should wait for a while, get to know Stagmatter, Stagmatter has been good to my father. Maybe he’s right.”
“Marengo told me Stagmatter was originally only supposed to take care of the cars,” Tench had said. “Where did he come from anyway?”
“Actually he came from Africa. He was working there and found out about my father’s collection of cars. My father had agents all over Africa and his collecting interests were well known. Stagmatter flew to Texas to meet with Daddy after Mother died. My father needed something then to get his mind off my mother’s death. At the time we were pleased Stagmatter had come, and thought the attention Stagmatter brought to Daddy’s cars would be good for him.”
“Tell me about the death of your mother,” asked Tench. Her mother had died only months before the plane crash of her sister.
“You probably know most of this. The details were in the paper here and in Texas. A car hit her and killed her and the driver ran away. She was just walking near our house, in the morning. No one saw anything.”
“You’d think someone would have seen the accident.”
“The police found no witnesses,” she had said. “You asked about Stagmatter. My sister’s husband was against hiring him. Marengo checked with his African contacts and said the man was well known there and was knowledgeable about cars. So Daddy overruled my sister and her husband, saying getting a man with car credentials was hard and this man came with the best.”
“Why did your brother in law not want to hire him?”
“He wanted to keep the control of the farm money in our hands, not in Stagmatter’s. He was afraid the man would take over.”
“So Stagmatter was hired to take over only the museum?”
“That was the original plan. Right after he got to Maryland, he brought in his own men, those African mechanics, and he’s just taken over everything. My sister said my father at first handled the family affairs, our allowances, that kind of thing. Then my father stopped talking directly with my sister in the months before she died. Daddy just let Stagmatter do all his communicating with the Texas company.”
“How long has this been going on?”
“A lot more since my sister died. Stagmatter has come kind of power over my father. Something to do with the cars. I don’t understand.” She went on, “My father stays in his room. Marengo brings him food. He sits at his desk and goes over accounts Stagmatter brings him.”
Her voice had been strained on the telephone. “New men have come since when you and I were there. Those mechanics. I don’t know any of them.”
After all this time apart, Tench wanted nothing more than to hold her in his arms, comfort her. He sighed, looked at the phone and computer incoming email once again, shook his head and stood up.
He walked to the back of the garage. He stood beside the well-polished and almost finished gas class quarter mile race car. The charged air was filled with the intermingled smells of new thick slick type racing tires, gasoline, sweat and drying automotive lacquer on the blue and white car with his name, Tench, on the side. He had painted the car the blue and white Cunningham colors from the Le Mans race of 1950. He was alone except for Abraham, the Captain’s dog, who had become a regular visitor at the garage in the last few days. Abraham had found a place near the back of the race car where he felt comfortable and Tench had brought a blanket from his home for the dog to sit on during the day.
He kneeled beside the dog and rubbed his hands on the dog’s head. Abraham still had his childhood in his eyes and worked his eyes over Tench, looking for more rough play and perhaps a stick to be thrown. Tench checked Abraham’s water bowl and his food dish to make sure they were full.
He stood up and returned to the side of his racing car. He’d modified a 1966 coupe model Mustang by essentially lightening the front end and polishing ports in the basic Ford small block, but in every way keeping it a street driver. Inside the body he inspected the tubular framework and the steel protective plates behind the transmission and the Ford engine. Looking out through the Lexan windshield, he saw the new fiberglass hood with its thin blue racing stripes centered over the white paint. Underneath the hood he knew intake was a Holley carburetor on a special manifold and exhaust went into lightweight headers he had designed. To the side of the engine long chrome pipes fed back to the racing cutouts on the three inch pipes.
“You want to try the new mixture settings?” a voice behind him said. Katy had come in.
“Let’s do it,” Tench said. He bent down and lifted Abraham to the back side of the room, away from the vibration and fumes of the car. He knew the dog wouldn’t move for any other reason once he had assumed his daytime position.
Katy hooked up the exhaust pipes to the outside venting tubes. She shut the back door. “No need to scare half the people in town with all the noise,” she said, smiling.
Tench lifted back the seat harness and sat in the carefully framed racing driver’s seat. He started the engine. After a couple of cranks the machine tore into life, the exhausts popping loud against the walls of the room. The rear wheels had already been raised and set into his dyno to measure output of the engine. This lift allowed the wheels to turn furiously without sending the car forward crashing into the shop wall as the revolutions climbed.
The noise became louder as Tench increased the fuel flow to the engine. The revolutions surged well over five thousand revs per minute.
When he finally had the car silenced with the engine turned off and the wild vibrations of the chassis finished, Tench leaned back in the driver’s seat. He grinned, knowing his goal of building a winning car was close. With the engine off his mind still took several minutes to forget the roaring of the exhausts and his body the same to calm from the pounding of the horsepower.
“I think she’s ready,” Katy said, checking the dyno printouts. “As close as we’ll get to ten seconds in the quarter.”
“I agree. A few things left to do, but we’ll be in time for the races.”
“Smiley wants to drive,” she said, looking at him solemnly.
“I figured you were going to say that. You’re scared what might happen, though.”
“Smiley has his rights. I really got no say with him,” she said.
“Smiley would have to pass the driver license inspectors.”
She nodded and opened the door to go back into the main garage. She left him alone with the blue and white car.
This car had the go fast stripes of the Cunningham Le Mans racers. They were the same blue Cunningham racing stripes that were later used by Shelby on his Ford cars.
Strake’s Cunningham C2R roadster had no racing stripes. It was painted purple, made to order long ago for some African prince. He saw it the first time Julie showed him her father’s collection. That day, Julie had held up her hands. “See the oil in my fingernails,” she said, proudly. “I help Marengo work on the cars.”
Marengo had chuckled as he pushed that car out for Julie and Tench to drive around the farm. “Miss Julie can take apart any car in here. She has been working on them since she was a child. Finest woman mechanic she’ll be, I wager, Mister Tench.”
In those days, they took trips together with her father. He thought of that long ago night, the Baltimore Thruway was wet with scattered thunderstorms as the engine of the big Mercedes sedan roared in front of them. He leaned over and touched Julie’s hand. They were in the back seat. Strake and his assistant, Marengo, were in the front, with Marengo holding the oversize German steering wheel, keeping the heavy vehicle on the road in the gusts of wind and rain. Marengo was heavily built but short, so his face was directly behind the flash of headlights of oncoming cars. Sometimes his facial scar would reflect as the lights beamed into the car.
That time Strake took them to an antique car sale, a special one for privileged and wealthy buyers. Tench said he had been to car auctions in Baltimore, some of them for expensive collector machines. Strake smiled and said, “At this particular auction it is different. The cars and parts have no origins and nothing can be traced. You don’t ask questions about pedigree here, boy.”
Stolen. Stolen and sold only to the big players, the ones who kept their mouths shut. He’d heard about stolen art and jewels being traded this way. But cars. Theft was not something new to a street kid. This was new in the sense that it was big time. Tench was intrigued at the professionalism. First of all, the place was secure. The display of products for sale, attendance by invitation only, was at a farm far past the city, out in Baltimore County.
At the gate, men came up on both sides of the car and looked inside with flashlights. The flashlights worked through the car. Strake held up his hand with a slight wave and the light went by him to rest on Tench.
“My daughter and her friend,” Strake said, tough but jovial without any fear, as Strake was in those days.
The biggest of them, dressed in a dark raincoat with a felt hat pulled down over his face, said, “All right, Mister Strake. They’re expecting you up at the big house. Go in.”
As they drove further in the lane, the car headlights picked up the shapes of large trucks with containers scattered among the trees alongside the road. Emblems on the containers, flashing in the light, showed addresses from different places all over the world. He spotted for the first time the shipping company emblem of the lion on one of those containers. At the house, Marengo approached a young woman dressed in slacks and white blouse, who was standing near the front door with a clipboard. He gave her an envelope and said, “From Mister Strake.” She smiled and opened the envelope. She expertly thumbed the cash inside, counting the bills and then put the envelope in her pocket. She motioned to a door at the end of the hall.
“Go out to the barn,” she directed, her voice mellow.
They proceeded to a large barn behind the house. Strake confided to Tench as they walked, “You’ll see some of the best buyers here, Jimmy. We trade for parts we don’t have. Sometimes we come here to get cars. The important thing is these people deliver. That’s what makes the market.”
Tench didn’t understand until he walked inside the barn. Spread out in front of him were tables of spare parts and in the large center space were several perfectly restored automobiles. The air smelled like gasoline mixed with the odor of animal feed. A few men were walking silently along what served for aisles.
“The big item tonight is the Rolls Royce in the center,” Strake said as they stepped across the rough concrete floor of the barn.
“Are you going to buy it?” asked Julie, looking at the shining chrome of the old vehicle.
“No,” he said. “I own two just like it. I’m here for a part for one of my other cars.”
Marengo said, “The parts sometimes are worth as much as the cars.”
On a table along the wall was a fat man sitting with two younger men at his side. Wrapped partly in soft gauze covering was a downdraft carburetor. The metal in the piece was partly corroded. Tench stopped to look at it.
As he reached to touch it, the fat man said, “No.” Tench looked at him. The young men beside the fat man had stood up and one of them, as if to accentuate the command of his apparent boss, had his hand on a revolver stuck in his belt.
Strake said, pointing to Tench, “He doesn’t know. Leave him be.”
“You better tell him,” said the fat man, his mouth turned down.
Strake turned to Tench, “The piece of metal is original. It’s worth several hundred.”
“Dollars?” asked Tench, his voice showing surprise.
“Several hundred thousand. Only one in existence.”
“Where did he get it?” asked Tench, as they moved on.
Tench would always remember Strake’s answer. “I don’t ask,” said Strake, his head held perfectly straight ahead, as if he wanted to avoid seeing anything but what he had come for.
“Mister Strake has a special invitation to be here,” said Marengo, scanning other tables where the products displayed included ancient chain drive transmissions, handmade spoked wheels and headlight lanterns. The table attendees appeared the same, like they were guards rather than antique conservators or auctioneers. Tench understood. This place was like a bank and the parts were money taken out of vaults.
“You don’t touch unless you want to buy. You don’t buy unless the seller knows you, knows you can keep your mouth shut,” said Strake.
Strake moved ahead to speak with a slender well-dressed man who looked much out of place in the barn. The man spoke for a few minutes, then smiled and shook Strake’s hand.
Strake came back to them and said. “The fuel pump has been loaded in the back of the Mercedes. We can go now.”
“Who was the man?” asked Julie as they left the barn and went back to the Mercedes.
“An agent of a collector like me,” said Strake. Strake grinned at Marengo. “We got a good deal,” he said.
“Always. I make sure,” replied Marengo.
“We might want to find out who took the Rolls, in case we need some Rolls parts,” said Strake, winking at Marengo, as he herded his daughter and Tench back into the sedan.
“It will be hard to do, but we will try,” said Marengo.
“Your mother said you wouldn’t want to come, Julie,” said Strake, when everyone was back in their seats. “She doesn’t like my business. Maybe I was wrong bringing you here. However, all my cars will be yours someday. You and your sister, although she doesn’t like it either.”
Strake looked at Tench. “If I ask you to join me again, Jimmy, you’ll come, I’d bet. You like the machines. You’ll never get close to them any other way.”
Marengo added, “Of course we have to keep quiet where we take the parts we get here. They know how good our money is, but we make sure they don’t know where we keep our cars,” he said. He looked at Tench as he spoke, nodding his head to make sure Tench understood.
“Why keep quiet? Why not tell people you have these great cars?” Tench had said and had regretted immediately his dumb remark.
Strake sighed and looked at Tench with anger. “Boy, maybe I made a mistake letting you come along. I thought you were smart, you knew how to keep shut about things, growing up in the city and all,” he said. He bent his head back, talking slowly like a teacher. “The man we got to worry about is the man who sold it to us. He might come over to our place and try to get it back, maybe steal it, try to sell it again. We got to make sure he doesn’t have the opportunity.”
Marengo said over his shoulder to Julie, as the big car lurched in a rut as it came on to the major highway, “These cars are just like a bank for your father.”
“Yes,” said Strake. “The best bank in the world. Safe in a man’s own backyard. We’ll show some of them one day in a museum that is well guarded, but some will always be private, kept only for me to see.”

“I’ve got to talk to you,” Julie had said a few weeks ago on their last telephone conversation. She had spoken almost in a whisper as though someone was listening, spying on her.
“Are you all right?” Tench asked, softly, so only she heard.
“Be careful,” she had whispered.
“Why?”
She had not answered.
Tench had said, trying to say something pleasant, something to would take the edge off her voice, “Do you remember the Cunningham roadster?”
“The car’s still there,” she said. Then she had added, “At least I think it is.” She started to cry. “I think some of them are gone. I asked Stagmatter and he wouldn’t tell me.”
“He’s selling them?” asked Tench.
“I don’t know.”
“I see the trucks coming in,” said Tench.
“Well, maybe it’s my imagination. I just worry for my father.” She had paused then said, “I think a lot about you. I’m so sorry for what I did to you, Jimmy.”
“You didn’t do anything,” Tench had said. He heard her sob.
“I left you alone. I shouldn’t have done that.”
“All past,” he said softly.
“I wanted so many times to call you, to explain,” she said.
“You didn’t have to explain.”
“You remember that I told you of my fear. When I was a little girl, an old woman who took care of told me that I could go up the mountain and touch either good or evil. I was afraid of that.”
“I still don’t understand.”
“That is why I had to leave. Someday you will understand.”
He tried her phone in Dallas again and this time he let it ring and ring until he trembled hearing the empty buzzing. He stood up from his desk. Outside his office he heard the clanking of wrenches as the men worked on the day’s repairs. He walked outside into the sun. Smote was right. Too much had happened to just be coincidence. He knew he had to talk with the sheriff again.

Chapter Six
4PM, Tuesday August 17

The Sheriff, in his gray uniform, was sitting back in his desk chair talking on the phone when Tench poked his head in. Satter waved to him. As he entered, Tench noticed the secretary setting materials in front of each chair at his conference table.
“He’s got a meeting, Tench,” she said.
Tench nodded and sat down.
Satter hung up and said “What's on your mind, Jimmy? We got lots of work today.”
“What’s up?” Tench asked.
“Getting ready for this talk by the professor. We got to have the police in the street to make sure there isn't any trouble with all the television coverage this lady and her managers have stirred up.”
“Complicated, eh?”
“Some radical types might be coming here to get their pictures taken. Some like the United Nations and some don’t. Some think the UN is building an army to invade the USA. Some fanatic might not like this professor’s book. Everybody hates something.”
“Those people are wasting their time. The United Nations committee people are making an excuse for a weekend vacation.”
The Sheriff shook his head. “You got that right, Jimmy. I also know that if anything happens we’ll get a bunch of Federal investigators in here. I tried to tell your aunt.”
“Something else has been bothering me,” Tench said.
“Shoot.”
“It’s about the way Captain Bob died.”
“That again?” Satter leaned back in his chair and said, “I told Smote I can’t find anything looks like he was killed. It just isn’t there no matter how much he wants to believe it.”
“I went up to Strake’s with him and we found the old man’s anchor.”
Satter sat up. “That's something. Where was it?”
“Right up near the shoreline by the Strake property.”
“You’re sure it was Peake's anchor?”
“Yes sir. Smote says Captain Bob would have gone after it, got it back if he lost it himself.”
Satter looked thoughtful. “You'd think so.”
The sheriff slapped the desk. “Might be something, Jimmy. Point is, how can I prove it?” He stood up and put his hands on the desk. “Not long ago those guards shot at a kid climbing the front iron gate at the entrance. Just kids. By the time I got through investigating I was apologizing to Stagmatter. He had all the cards in his favor. The kids were trespassing.”
“Something else has come up, Sheriff,” Tench said.
“I hope it’s better than what you got about Peake.”
“It’s Julie Strake. She doesn’t answer my calls.”
The Sheriff smiled. “You want me to call the Dallas chief of police? Have him send one of his men over to check out Julie's apartment just because she doesn't answer her boyfriend’s phone? I’m not sure he could to do that for me, Jimmy. You can understand we don’t like to get involved in romance affairs.”
“It’s more, Sheriff Satter. Julie and I, we talk every month like clockwork. She’s never missed a call even when she's been traveling. She’s always called me.”
“Look, Jimmy, the only way I been able to police here in River Sunday is to be fair to everybody, take no sides.”
“I know.”
“All I can say, is you let me know if you don’t hear from Julie pretty soon. Keep your eyes open for anything unusual about Strake’s place. I got no special love for those men up there with guns. It doesn't sit right with me and, truth be told, it doesn't please a lot of people. Most folks, though, respect Strake or at least work in his companies and they keep their mouths shut.”
Tench nodded.
“Let me get through this speech by the African this Friday and then we’ll talk again.”
“What are you doing here, Jimmy?” came his aunt’s voice loud behind him.
“Hi,” Tench replied.
“Anyway, I need to talk to you too.” She looked at Satter. “Sheriff, we ready for the meeting?”
“They’ll be coming in,” Satter said. “State police, town police, Coast Guard, everybody we think we’ll need.”
She looked at her watch, then back at Tench and said, “You’ve seen these United Nations folks before, haven’t you?”
“Sure. They come here and rent boats to go fishing every summer. I fix their cars once in a while.”
She nodded. “They come in here from over to Washington, have their little meeting for an hour or so, give some business to the hotel for rooms and food and then they leave.”
“So what do you want to see me about?”
“You and I are going to the meeting.”
“Me?”
“I need someone big and strong to sit with me.”
She nodded. “Let me tell you some history. Back in the Sixties, this little UN meeting in River Sunday was promoted by the Johnson administration. It was to get attention for African issues and hold it in River Sunday because most of the black citizens were descended from slaves brought from African countries. Maryland was also one of the instigators of Liberia to send former slaves back to Africa. Johnson knew his history. Local support came from Pastor Allingham and his church organization mostly to draw international consideration of black rights here in America. All of it was very forward looking.”
“Anyway,” she continued, “Owerri’s publishers found out about our little United Nations meeting. They are making a big deal out of it, insisting the members of the committee hear her talk about her book. It’s all intended to have news coverage to sell more books. They have planned some major network coverage. I’ve been getting calls from the television stations. They want to interview me for local color.”
“News people,” sighed the Sheriff. “We’ll have to block the traffic. It’s going to be tough.”
The Mayor turned back to the Sheriff. “So what do we do?”
“I think I’ve covered our back. Everyone will get their assignments today. The representatives from the United Nations will be checked in Thursday as usual and will start their committee in the morning. The demonstrators just want to parade in front of the hotel. All I hear anyway, so we’ll have a place set up for them.”
Tench did not think much of the UN representatives. He judged people by the cars they drove, typical of any good garage man. They had simple Toyotas and Chevrolets. One time a UN staffer, who only came one summer, and originated from Great Britain, drove a Morgan roadster which Tench thought was an interesting car. The man brought it into the garage for a carburetor adjustment. He didn’t know much about the machine, a jewel of a car. He said his father gave it to him and he himself drove it only to impress his American girl friend back in New York. Tench suspected from the man's description of her car sense she too didn’t know the difference between the hood ornament and the spare tire. Tench had the impression most of these UN experts probably had no heavy experience in Africa either and discussed what they had learned mostly from books and a few quick visits in country.
“What else do you know about the demonstrators, Sheriff?” asked Tench.
“Worst one is a group called NUN or No United Nations. They have some members in River Sunday too. Baltimore warned me about them. They start fights to get television coverage and we’ll have some networks here looking for police brutality.”
“Just be there, Tench,” said the Mayor. “If anyone starts any name calling, you can help me get out of there. The room is pretty small and I don’t want to get hit with a flying copy of the Bell,” she said.
The Sheriff put his hat in his lap. He smoothed his thin hair with his right hand and looked at the Mayor.
“Smote still has a problem about his grandfather’s death,” he said.
The Mayor looked at Tench, and said, “Tell you something, Tench. I know this is coming from you and I thought I made myself clear. People are talking about you helping out this friend of yours. I know he’s a good baseball coach for the kids, but most people don’t like him being so arrogant.”
“So what does it amount to?” asked the Mayor.
“Yes, Ma’am,” said the Sheriff. He had a way of licking his lips with his tongue as if he had to wet his lips before speaking. “Autopsy results were negative. Nothing to make us think it’s a crime.”
“Why does Smote think it is?” asked the Mayor.
“You know the ‘Spaniard.’ He can be pretty hard to work with,” said the Sheriff. He pulled over a small chair and sat down in front of the Mayor. His body dwarfed the chair.
Tench said, “He doesn’t think Captain Peake would have been careless.”
The Sheriff smiled in a fatherly way, and licked his lips. He said, “Well, I could tell you, Jimmy, about a lot of men who died in boats, men who were as good a sailor as Captain Bob.”
The Sheriff went on, looking over again at the Mayor, “Smote thinks he was hurt up at Strake’s.”
Tench said, “Smote thinks, and I agree with him, the old man might have been anchored for some reason off the shoreline.”
“Sheriff,” said the Mayor. “I don’t want any trouble with Smote or the Latino community. Election is coming up.”
He back looked at Tench and said, “We all know Smote doesn’t speak for any of the other Latinos around River Sunday.”
The Sheriff added, “Don’t think I don’t take all this seriously. It’s just hard to figure why there would be a crime, why someone would want to hurt the old man.”
“My question too when Smote first came to me,” agreed Tench. Then he wished he had not said anything because he knew from seeing the Sheriff’s quick smile he had just let Satter off the hook. The Sheriff’s next statement proved him right.
“So you got doubts too.”
The mayor nodded. “Such a fine old man.”
She pulled at his arm and he followed her to her office. “Come here. I want to show you,” she said, no longer interested he knew in talking about Smote. She pointed to the plans for the proposed River Sunday sports complex.
“I’ve seen these at Smote’s house,” Tench said.
“Right. With all his sports background, we asked his opinions. I guess pretty much everyone in town had seen them for one reason or another.”
She began to fold the plans.
“I haven’t been able to get up to see Mister Strake about the first check. Everything is in hold. Apparently he’s just not feeling very well, according to Stagmatter. You can see why I don’t want any trouble.”
She tapped on her desk. “OK,” she said, “I like Bill Strake and he likes me. Also I wanted to tell you something else you might put in your cap. I don’t think Bill or his family like Stagmatter taking care of his cars. I think there’s friction up there at the farm. Bill’d offer you the job if he knew you were interested. Would get you a nice little income, maybe allow you to build your race cars. Think about it.”

Chapter Seven
9 AM Wednesday August 18

Tench was at his desk and, glancing out his office window at the diesel noise, noticed the oversize truck go through town for Strake’s earlier at about ten o’clock. It had a canvas top strapped down over the sides which Tench thought strange since the cargo was antique cars and they should have been secured inside a totally metal box. The phone rang.
“You better get up to Strake’s, Jimmy,” said the sheriff. “I think those seaport drivers have finally put one of the eighteen wheeler container trucks into the old bridge framework. I’ll meet you.”
He and Smiley took the wrecker out of the lot in the back of the garage land. The truck was an old General Motors machine, with a vacuum shift rear axle and plenty of low gears. “Jimmy,” she reminded him, especially at those times he needed the machine and he was more than angry at the old rig for not starting, for having a low battery and for all the other plagues of old vehicles, “You got to remember you passed his test. He told me you were the only one he figured would never sell the old GMC. He died happy because of you, I think.”
He’d answer her, “I suspect he knew I was either too young to know any better or just plain too damn dumb to do anything about it.”
The biggest problem with the old truck was because of its low range of gears, was it was slow. The most speed running up the road toward the wreck averaged fifty miles per hour with the engine winding pretty high.
Years ago, Katy, when her father wasn’t watching, had painted large black flowers with yellow petals on each door. “Black-eyed Susan, the state flower of Maryland,” Katy had explained. She had danced about, paintbrush in hand, singing,
“Clap your hand, Black Eye Susan, 
Black Eye Susan, Clap your hand.”
They pulled the truck from the weeds which had grown around it in the last month. Tench stretched back on his part of the bench seat as Smiley worked the gears. He had a knack for driving the truck.
A winding country road to the north and west of River Sunday led to Strake’s estate. The only way to get to that road was to come off the main highway and to drive through River Sunday itself. Tench and the rest of the inhabitants of River Sunday observed every truck that went up to the Strake farm. It got to be a subject of conversation as the big trucks with containers full of antique cars came through, the smoke from their diesels dirtying the air of the town, the noise not appreciated by the hordes of tourists who came to this once pristine small town to get away from that kind of pollution.
After leaving River Sunday, the road was macadam most of the way but turned into a dirt and oil road about halfway. The farm and its museum were on the west side of Allingham Island, the “Island,” which was reached by a narrow bridge off the dirt road. This was the place where Tench had supposed for some time that one of the big trucks might have an accident. The bridge itself was derelict, having been almost replaced by another large landowner on the Island but then, at his untimely demise several years ago, was left to continue to rust and collapse. Strake however had no intention or so it seemed to repair this entry bridge to his holdings, probably again thinking of security for his cars. Stagmatter, with his customary brusqueness, ordered these city truckers to go fast, to haul the containers over the weak structure regardless of danger to them or their trucks.
The drivers, for their own part, didn’t take any care either. The drivers were brusque types, most wanting only to deliver the cars and make an immediate return to Baltimore. As a matter of fact, they tended to run their trucks at high speed. They blared their truck horns as loud as possible with no interference by Sheriff Satter as they scared local drivers out of their way.
After they had driven out of River Sunday, Smiley spoke. “We make any money out of working these jobs for the sheriff?” he said.
“Figuring it’s Strake’s truck, we’ll get paid good,” said Tench. “If it had belonged to the town, forget it. If we got paid at all, we’d have to wait a few months.”
“I thought the Mayor was your aunt.”
“I love my aunt, but I can tell you I pay when we go out to dinner.”
Smiley was quiet for a while as he worked the gears. They had to be shifted constantly to keep forward speed.
“Katy tell you I want to drive your dragster?”
Tench said, “You sure Kate wants you driving?”
“Shit man, she don’t say what I do.”
Tench smiled. “We got those disc brakes installed to slow her down. Still, you got to hold her straight.”
“Man can press as much as I can, you bet I can handle it.” They drove in silence for a few miles until Smiley motioned ahead where the wrecked container truck was coming into view.
“Boy, he really smashed, didn’t he?” said Tench.
He left Smiley with the GMC and reported to the Sheriff who, in his gray outfit was directing, more like yelling, at the impatient drivers who were lined up back almost a half mile waiting to get on to the Island. Tench had no idea how many had to halt on the other side of the Nanticoke River waiting to drive across in the opposite direction. The truck driver sat beside the road, his face in his hands, the Sheriff standing next to him.
Satter said, “Tench, I want you to pull the trailer out soon’s Mister Stagmatter get offs his freight.” The iron support bars of the bridge, as rusty and worn as they were, had collapsed around the top of the trailer creating an inextricable maze of bent spars infested with bits of torn canvas.
“Let’s start pulling the truck now.”
“I’ve got my orders. He’ll get the freight free first and then you can tow away the truck.”
Stagmatter who stood at the side of the wreck was directing the services of a self-propelled crane which had arrived just before Tench arrived. The overseer seemed concerned with the cargo and his African crew retrieved large wooden boxes once stored under the trailer tarpaulin. They lifted each and placed it on the green Strake farm trucks. At Stagmatter’s side, checking off on a clipboard what was apparently a freight manifest, stood Marengo, his face unusually worried.
The last box had been damaged by the girder of the bridge and had split open. Tench pointed to shiny flat sheets of aluminum which were exposed to the sunlight.
“What in hell?” he asked Smiley.
Just then, Marengo jumped up on the deck of the crane and ordered two of the Africans to rush some plywood sheets to recover the metal in the box. The men hustled the big sheets of wood upward and using hammers and nails, the aluminum was quickly covered from sight.
“Big cars,” said Smiley.
“Yeah,” agreed Tench. “Not like the panels of any car I’ve ever seen.”
“Me either,” said Smiley. “Anyway, the truck is clear. We better get started.” He reached forward, started the truck engine and put the transmission in gear.
Smiley moved the GMC closer. The crane was pulled off to the side of the road and Satter and his men allowed some of the waiting traffic to pass by the wreck. Stagmatter drove off with the last carton, saying nothing more to Satter.
Tench and Sheriff Satter conferred on the best procedures to free the truck wreck. The GMC was attached to the trailer. Air pressure in the trailer tires was reduced and the driver was ordered to run his tractor in reverse as Smiley pulled backward. Smiley revved the GMC and with a slight hesitation the trailer broke loose bringing one of the rusted bridge struts with it. The strut itself then fell off and tumbled into the Nanticoke River while the trailer, its rear-most carriage almost toppling off the road and into the water, finally caught on the edge of the highway and was pulled by the GMC towards Tench. After it was fully back on the blacktop, Smiley eased off.
When they were finished and traffic was running smoothly, Tench decided to take the invoice directly to Stagmatter. He thought he might get paid a little quicker than sending it by mail. The afternoon was well along when he and Smiley drove up to the farm gate. He was surprised to find Doctor Owerri standing near the gate with one of the Africans who was apparently the gate guard. She was taking pictures of the gate ironwork. The guard held up his hand and Tench pulled over the GMC. While Smiley waited, the big engine rumbling, he got out and went over to where the doctor and guard were standing.
“Admiring some of our colonial architecture?” asked Tench with a grin.
“Your colonial architecture?” she asked coldly.
“I meant Mister Strake’s,” said Tench, smiling.
Doctor Owerri studied the gate design for a few minutes. Then she laughed and said, pointing to the metal work, “These magnolia leaves you call them. They are not leaves.”
“What do you mean?”
“They represent palm nuts from the palm specie elaeis guineensis. They are the kind growing in West Africa, the kind giving Africans our life.”
“They’ve always been called magnolia leaves,” said Tench.
She smiled as if Tench was the most ignorant man on the planet. “Count them. What you call leaves are sixteen nuts. Eshu, our legendary trickster, was given sixteen nuts by the monkeys.”
“The trickster?”
“In my country the trickster is one of our old gods, before the Christians came and taught us, a god who communicated between the people and the highest gods.”
“Like the angels?”
“Something like them but our trickster liked his women too,” she said and smiled. She went on, “This iron work on the gate is like the man who throws out a bottle on the ocean, asking to be saved from his desert island. I am so sure the man who made this fence was also pleading for help, telling me three hundred years ago he wanted to be free. Most important he fooled his masters while he hammered this message in the iron he welded.”
She moved her fingers across the iron designs. “Here is a flower shape.”
“The pineapple leaves, I was told.”
“It is the bloom of the flower of freedom. You call it the black-eyed Susan, I believe.”
She stood back from the ironwork and motioned to the guard. "Let them in." she said.
He and Smiley revved the truck and drove past her. As they came up to the house Tench noted the old mansion with its huge side porch pointing out toward the far away shoreline. The car museum was to the side of Tench’s truck as he came in the driveway. The building was square and at least a hundred feet on each side. Garage doors were on the front side towards the Bay which allowed the cars to be brought in for storage. A stairway connected to the side of the building which led to offices on the second floor.
“Strake is bringing in his gasoline,” said Smiley. He pointed to the two large tanker trucks pumping into filler pipes near the mansion.
“Nothing special about it. Most of these farms have their own underground fuel tanks for farm equipment,” he said.
Tench said, “Two tankers. Fills a lot of farm equipment.”
Smiley said, “Maybe some for the cars too.”
“Lot of cars. I guess you’re right,” agreed Tench. “Anyway, it’s none of our business how much gas he keeps up here.”
Between the mansion and the museum was an area Strake apparently cleared for a new building. A bulldozer rested, silent, its blade in the ground, ready to work on more construction. Behind the mansion was a long structure, perhaps three hundred feet, reached by a small gravel path going off from the main farm road. “I’m going to get our money.” Tench left Smiley in the truck and went up the stairs where he assumed Stagmatter’s office was located. A door at the top of the stairway opened into a space with desks and a door on its rear wall which was closed. Marengo sat at a metal desk covered with invoices and bill of lading. Seeing Tench he stood up.
He said. “I see you at the bridge. You did a good job.”
Stagmatter called out through the closed door at the back. “Send Tench in here.”
When Tench opened the office door and entered, Stagmatter sat behind a large mahogany desk covered with papers and cash journals. “Close my door behind you,” he said. Tench complied and sat down. He reached over to Stagmatter’s desk and plopped the invoice down, saying, “Just delivering your bill.”
Stagmatter said, “I’m sure it’s a fair price.”
“We value your business,” said Tench.
“Good,” said Stagmatter, picking up a large commercial checkbook. He began to write a check.
“Haven’t seem Mister Strake today,” said Tench.
“Even when he’s home, he spends most of his time at his own office up at the mansion. I just take care of the cars.”
“Those car parts we rescued on the bridge seemed like they were for some really big automobiles.”
“Yes, Tench.” Stagmatter’s face came up from his writing.
“Blond hair,” he said. “You might have been a good German.”
Tench reached up and smoothed his mop of hair. “I got my blond hair from my mother. Her grandmother was Norwegian. I don’t think she liked Germans.”
Stagmatter’s face contorted in his twisted smile. Tench noticed the picture of a man about Tench’s own age in a dark blue military uniform with a tiny cross of metal on his chest and a white peaked hat. Stagmatter followed Tench’s gaze and said, “My father. He was a captain in the German submarines.”
“I thought you were from Argentina.”
“My father migrated after the war.” Then he said with pride in his voice, “My grandfather was a Mercedes mechanic, and was chosen to take care of the cars of Adolph Hitler himself. My father, in turn, took care of the cars of important government officials in Argentina.”
Also on the wall an aerial photo of a cityscape had a date written in fancy lettering across its bottom edge. The lettering resembled German print he remembered from his history lessons in school. The date on the picture was August 21, 1944.
“Where was this city?” asked Tench, pointing to the picture.
“It used to be the town of Stork.”
“Used to be?”
“Your bombers dropped incendiary bombs before returning to bases in England. The town was burned in an inferno and all the people turned to cinders. It is no more.”
“What happened to your grandfather?” asked Tench.
“My grandfather and grandmother burned to an unrecognizable black crust with only their location in the ruins of the house lot to identify them.” His face contorted in the smile again and he said, “These things we must forget is it not so?”
“I guess so.”
“Some of my German countrymen still call them murderers.”
“Doctor Owerri talked about murder in her country too.”
“Yes. Interesting.” He observed the picture, almost reverently it seemed to Tench, for more than a few moments.
Beneath the photo of the German town hung a small framed picture of an American, a military cap on his head.
Stagmatter pointed to it. “The pilot of the B24 Liberator bomber which flew over my grandfather’s section of Stork and killed my family.” Stagmatter’s eyes suddenly shone hard like knives.
“You found his name?”
Stagmatter said, “I suspect you would have done the same. You Americans were never bombed. I don’t know for sure what you would have done. I suspect you would have been interested to find out the name of the warrior who brought such sadness to your family. I wanted to meet him. I even travelled to his town, a small place near New York City, where he had retired. Unfortunately he was dead.”
“He must have been an old man.”
Stagmatter said, “He and his family were killed a few months before I arrived. They were in an automobile accident.” The way he said this was exactly in the same tone as he had been discussing the whole matter. His face now took on a bemusement. Tench, for a moment, imagined that Stagmatter might have caused the pilot’s car to crash.
In the moments following, Tench tried to relax. After all, all he wanted was his check for the towing job. Stagmatter was not a pleasant man but Tench had no proof he was a killer. He decided to ask about Julie. “Have you heard from Julie Strake?” he asked.
Stagmatter said, almost in a murmur, “No, but I don’t get involved with Mister Strake’s children.” He moved some papers on his desk, and then said, “Speaking of wrecked things, I’ve been meaning to ask you something, Tench.”
“What?”
“The racing machine you build. I’d like to help you in your growing business. The engines they are expensive, lose crank bearings, no? I am thinking if you burn one up, it will be hard to replace. I mean you might have trouble affording a second one, for such a small garage.”
His eyes ran up and down Tench’s face. “We know about your future plans. Mister Strake told me he admired how you are a racer like his friend Cunningham. He knew him, you know. He visited Cunningham at his factory in Florida.”
“I didn’t know,” said Tench.
“Oh yes. Mister Strake met with him.”
Stagmatter stood up, handed the check to Tench, and said, “Come with me, Tench.”
Stagmatter led Tench down an inside metal stairway. The stairwell was completely enclosed with unfinished plasterboard. At the bottom of the well was a door leading outside to a concrete patio. When Tench walked outside, following Stagmatter, he turned to his left. The purple Cunningham C2R, its top down, basked in the bright sunlight.
Stagmatter went over to the car, got in, and shook the shifter to make sure the car was in neutral. He set the choke, turned the ignition key and pressed the starter. The V8 engine barked and idled rough, its rumble taking Tench back to memories of driving this car around the farm with Julie at his side.
“He got this car because nobody like the purple body paint,” said Stagmatter. “Ugly color you must admit,” he added. “It was rebuilt from the wreck of one of Cunningham’s early C2R racers and sold to a rich African. The fellow was a chief. He saw it race at Le Mans. He wanted the car purple to show his royalty. The chief’s children assassinated the old chief and then sold the car to Mister Strake.”
Tench remembered Julie beside him as he drove this car around the estate, years ago before Stagmatter came. The car was as beautiful as Julie. He didn’t say anything.
“Maybe we provide some engines to help with the costs of your races,” said Stagmatter, scanning the instrument panel. “She’s got a Cadillac engine.”
“Chrysler.”
Stagmatter said, “Yes, but fitted with Cadillac pistons to raise the horsepower for racing.”
Tench smiled. “What do I have to do?” he said, as he touched the seat of the Cunningham.
“We might display this C2R at your paddock at the drag races. Sort of something to promote your team. You in turn give credit to Mister Strake’s oil firm by painting its name on your car.”
“He would be sponsoring my car?”
“Yes, and we would help with the cost of engines and other racing parts.”
“I’ll think about it,” said Tench. He remembered Julie’s comments a few weeks ago about how things had changed now that Stagmatter was here at the Island and how she was worried about her father. For a moment longer he stared at Stagmatter, at the strange smile of the big Argentinean. Besides the big man, sitting in the passenger seat, he imagined the figure of Captain Bob. He thought of a kindly old man, a black man who only cared about a small town in Maryland. Captain Bob was shaking his head.

Chapter Eight
4 PM Thursday August 19 

Lamont Beets stood in front of Tench’s desk and wanted to know if he should tell the sheriff what he had overheard. He said, “I know everybody is looking out for trouble because of the meeting that African woman. Well, I saw her and maybe something is not right about her.”
Tench called to Katy, “Come on in here.” When she arrived at the door to his office, wiping the wrench in her hand, she said, “What’s wrong?”
Tench nodded to Lamont. “Tell both of us what you saw.”
Lamont stared back and forth between them as if he knew he was not going to be believed then spoke. “Yessir, well, I parked the Cadillac in back in the lot just like the hotel wanted. I went inside and left her keys at the main desk and came out to the back door. That’s when I saw the two Africans the woman doctor and Mister Marengo from up the Island. They were standing in the lot beside the green station wagon belonging to Mister Strake. Something about them was not right and I waited until they were going to drive away.”
“What?” asked Tench.
Lamont caught another breath and continued, “They were yelling at each other. If I tried to get by them, it seemed like they'd start on me too. She looked wild in the eyes, you know like a woman on fire, full of pain. He seemed to be trying to calm her down but he wasn’t having much luck.”
“So tell me what they argued about?” asked Tench. Many of his black friends had told him before that they did not trust Africans like Marengo, that they often seemed to look down on their American cousins.
Lamont said, “I moved closer so I could hear better. I could see the scars on his arms and face. I thought he meant trouble for that lady. She started talking about somebody called Snake and guns, about fires burning down houses. She yelled at Marengo about battles happening over in Africa and said they killed her family.”
“Snake? I always heard you black folks were so scared of snakes. Maybe you misheard.” Katy said, grinning. She put a hand on the mechanic's shoulder.
“No, ain’t that. I don’t think she was referring to them devil animals crawling on the ground. Ain’t like that, Miss Katy. She was meaning a human kind. She also said about Mister Stagmatter, how he wouldn’t listen to her and maybe she ought to go back to New York. Nossir, angry, like throwing things angry.
“All the time, Mister Marengo, he had his hand on her arm pulling her into the car. I heard him say real loud like screaming at her, ‘No, you can’t leave. Too much at stake. You leave and everything is ruined.’”
“Ruined? What did he mean?” asked Katy.
“I don’t know. It was just what he said.”
“She’s got this big speech to give to the United Nations, don’t you know?” said Tench, nodding. “She’s nervous I guess. I would be.”
Lamont went on, “Then she says, ‘I know. I don’t want to fail.’”
“Mister Marengo, he says, ‘Then don’t fail. Remember Snake and the days back in the jungle.’”
“The snake again,” said Katy, not smiling. “Wonder what he meant?”
Lamont said, “Well, when he said that about the jungle, I perked up my ears. I mean them talking about a jungle. I heard one time he was from a jungle place where he got all them scars. I figured he might say something more about it.”
“Did they see you yet?” asked Tench.
“No. Spite of me being so close, they never noticed me. She started in about this brother she had. He was killed, she said. Then she yelled at Mister Marengo something like, ‘How do you know? My father sent you out with the others. You were gone. You didn’t see the government troops come in to the palace shooting and killing and setting fire to everything and everybody.’”
“‘No, I didn’t,’ Marengo answered her. He tried again to pull her towards the car. ‘You got to keep quiet,’ he said. ‘People will hear you. That will wreck all our plans.’
“‘So what if they do?’ she answers him. ‘That’s what this is all about, isn’t it? Drawing attention.’
“‘Yes,’ he said, ‘but not this way.’ Mister Marengo, he looked around but he still didn’t see me. I hid by the door of the hotel. I could see them but they couldn’t see me.”
Tench stood up and moved over to Lamont’s side. Lamont had begun to tremble. Tench put his hand on the man’s shoulder. “This really bothered you didn’t it?”
Lamont looked at Tench, his eyes saying yes. He spoke, “All that talk about guns. I didn’t know what to think, Tench.” His voice broke.
“Then the African doctor said, ‘You didn’t see the fire and the burning, the people around me all charred into black sticks.’
“Mister Marengo, he say, ‘Snake was a hero. People will understand that someday.’
“‘She said, ‘I’m not crazy like Stagmatter.’
“‘No,’ said Marengo, ‘You are a soldier. It is in the blood of your family. You honor them.’
“He said, ‘You must educate them with your speech.’ 
“Then she started mentioning flowers, maybe the words black-eyed susan.”
“The flower like we painted on the old wrecker truck?” asked Katy.
Lamont said, “Yes. It didn’t make any sense to me.”
He went on, “She said to Marengo, ‘I was outside,’ she said, ‘fleeing into the jungle. They had my brother. They tied him alive to a tree and set brush on fire with gasoline beneath his feet. I heard him screaming, I still hear him even today.”
Lamont stood in the center of the garage, speaking quickly, as if he wouldn’t remember if he did not spill out all the words as fast as he could.
“It seemed to me that Mister Marengo got afraid then like he was remembering too.
“‘This night, though,’ she said, ‘all happened so fast we had no time to call the tribesmen, to assemble the guard. The government fighter-bombers came in and dropped the napalm and flames sprang everywhere. People burned to death. The enemy attacked the red house so fast. The attackers numbered about twenty men, some of them foreign special fighters, white men, working with the government forces. The attack came by stealth and they came in the house before any alarm could be sounded. They surrounded my father in his bedroom.
“‘My father had sent my mother to a cellar room and fought his way to the outside porch as the twenty men rushed through the house, breaking doors. His weapon, an antique flintlock rifle, broke after killing only one or two of the attackers. Having no gun he found two of the old spears and a hunting knife. With these weapons he then fell upon the enemy and after furious fighting managed to kill several more with the spear. Then other soldiers entered from another room and killed my father with their rifles. The men who died that night crawled some of them through the floors seeking to live and their blood left strange trails of waving lines.
“‘Paid by the oil merchants,’ Mister Marengo said to her, real low like this was a secret.
“She went on, ‘My mother died with a knife of a soldier stuck deep into her chest while in her hand was her own knife which she stabbed the soldier who killed her. The flames burned her.’”
“You shouldn’t say any more,” Marengo said to her, trying to pull her into the car again. She resisted him.
Katy said, “Sounds like that African doctor went through hell.”
Lamont looked out the window. “Seems like trouble. I had to tell someone what I heard.” He said, “I don’t want to get nobody in no trouble.”
“Tell Tench the rest,” said Kate.
Beets went on, “Marengo said to her, ‘You are going to die for Africa.’”
“Wonder what he meant by that?” asked Tench. He understood why Lamont was worried. What was meant by “die for Africa.”
Lamont said, his voice shaking, “The African woman looked at Marengo and nodded and got into the car. Just before she closed the door she said one more thing I could hear.”
“Did she see you?” asked Tench.
“Nossir.”
“What did she say?”
“She say, ‘Black-eyed Susan is bigger than all of us.’”
“The flower again,” said Tench.
He nodded.
“Mister Marengo, he want around to the other side and got in, started the engine then and the car windows went up. I couldn’t hear no more. They drove away and I walked back here.” Lamont shook his head. “Best watch out, that’s all I know.”
Tench looked at Katy. “Marengo’s not capable of any violence. I’ve known him too long.”
“People change,” said Katy.
“Not Marengo,” said Tench, “I’d bet that Marengo just wanted to keep her out of trouble, likely trying to tell her to stay away from Stagmatter. She’s hurting and he’s trying to be like her father and protect her, that’s all. After all, she’s a guest of Mister Strake and I doubt Stagmatter likes that. He wouldn’t be interested in African history and politics. Stagmatter must have upset her. Marengo is just trying to help her handle Stagmatter. Can you imagine what it would be like to live in the same house with a guy like Stagmatter?” Tench smiled. “I’ll be she will be glad to get back to New York when her talk is done.”
Katy nodded, “You’re probably right. I don’t think I’d worry the sheriff about it with all he’s got on his mind.”
“They don‘t want to hear any more about Strake’s farm from me, that’s for sure. Lamont, thanks for telling us. We’ll be sure to keep our ears open.” 

Chapter Nine
6 PM Thursday August 19

Tench looked into the rear view mirror of his truck. A car was honking at him for driving too slowly. Tench turned into a side street with small boatyards on the water side. These yards catered to the tourists. Most of them stored boats during the off season and perhaps would fix an outboard engine. Other than that they didn’t have the expertise of the bigger yards closer to town.
Hiram kept his boat on the far shore, across from where the Emmy was moored. He anchored separately from the other local watermen. Maybe, Tench thought, he did this because his own home existed far inland from River Sunday and he didn’t feel a part of the town like the others. Maybe he did it because he just liked to stay apart from the others. Tench suspected the latter. As a result he never got the ultimate verbal insignia from the other watermen, the title of Captain which was given by tradition only to those older men who held everyone’s respect.
Captain Bob had been older than Hiram. He would say to Tench with a straight face, “When I get as old as Hiram, I’ll be ornery too.”
Jones, bent over, worked on his engine, the hatch cover pulled up and set on its side. He tied his workboat at a stake set out about ten feet from shore. The bow was on a loose line to a tiny crooked pier from the muddy shore. This was a poor man’s dock, nothing more than a set of pilings, some of them slanted toward the water as though their underpinnings were loose in the bottom mud and ready to collapse. The uprights had boards nailed to them with their edges to the top and presented the barest of surfaces on which a man could walk above the water without getting wet.
Jones’s boat was long and narrow, like the Emmy. These boats were of a design developed on the Chesapeake derived from the fast four stack American destroyers running down the Bay before World War One. The boat was developed when the small gasoline engines became available to run workboats in place of sail power. The boat that Hiram owned, one that he, like so many other watermen, had built himself, was about thirty five feet in length. It had a small cuddy cabin in the bow like the Emmy, and with the engine in the center of the hull, about halfway from the bow, made an ideal run in most chops. The stern was round, to give the boat a more graceful flow through the water at working speed and to protect from backwash.
Hiram was tall and lanky, his head full of white hair covered partly with his ever present yellow Caterpillar cap. He had on dark jean overalls and underneath the wide blue shoulder straps a white undershirt. His white skin was gnarled with age and where the sun had struck it over the years, had a heavy tan line. Tench could hear him singing, his raspy ancient voice still vaguely in tune,
I saw the crab and the crab saw me.
There was nothing more to be.
Tench waved but received no response form the old waterman, even though he was sure the man had seen him on the causeway. He stepped out on the narrow boards and slipped off after a few unbalanced steps. He fell into the mud and got his boot stuck. Pulling it out caused him to fall on his side, getting wet all over.
“That racing car of your going to run like that?” the old man laughed, a long slow chuckle, as he stood up and reached for a grappling pole to push out to Tench.
Tench said, “Missed my step.”
“Guess you did.”
“Didn’t see you at the funeral. Thought you liked Captain Bob.”
“Too many black folk for my taste.”
Tench steadied himself, grasping the grapple, as he splashed ahead in the mud. He looked up, his arms trying to keep his balance, the left side of his shirt and pants soaked with wet mud.
“That engine working out for you, Mister Jones?”
“Yes,” the old man turned and said, his voice abrupt as though he were angry at being interrupted.
Tench had reached the side of the boat. If Hiram had been anything like his own father, silence would prevail. Fortunately Jones was not that non-social. Hiram spoke suddenly.
“You come out here to ask how the boat’s flathead engine is chugging or something else?”
“We found Captain Bob’s lost anchor up at the Island. Seems like he had it up there the day he drowned.”
“How you boys know that for sure?”
Tench ignored him and said, “I want to know what you saw when you got to his boat.”
“Why?” asked Hiram.
Tench replied, “Smote Rojo wanted me to ask you.” He shifted his feet in the mud as he rested his arms over the side of Jones’s boat.
“He’s my friend.” Tench added, “Smote thinks his grandfather was killed, that the drowning wasn’t an accident.”
“For all I know, that Spaniard could have done it himself,” said Jones.
“Why do you say that?”
“He’s inherited a boat and a big house. He had a lot to gain, mister,” Jones said as he looked up from his engine.
“You think?” asked Tench, feeling his feet sinking in the mud.
“Man that anxious to claim somebody killed the old man, people think he might have something to hide himself.”
“So you suspect Smote?”
“Look,” he said, leaning toward Tench, “I’ll tell you something for your own good, maybe ‘cause you did me one and I owe you. You just keep away from Smote. He’s trouble you don’t need.”
“Ain’t just me, Tench. You maybe don’t remember but that boy has always been trouble.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Long before you come to River Sunday. I remember the Captain talking about his daughter over there in Baltimore, how proud he was of her going to the city.”
“So what’s the matter with that?” asked Tench.
“Old fool wouldn’t admit what everybody knew. She was working up there on Baltimore Street, a black street whore, and all messed up on drugs. She was mother to this boy, Smote, and then she died. Captain Bob was in pretty bad shape for a long time. Had her buried here, but he kept all that to himself. Didn’t put a stone on her grave no how. Only a few of us knew, and that wasn’t because he told us. People find out these things whether they care or not.”
“So what happened to Smote?”
“The boy was taken down to South America by his real father, some man who had worked in one of the Baltimore bars that the girl used to work from. Captain Bob, he sent him money to keep the kid away. Then, he heard that the father was dead because he got caught up in some revolution, got shot by the authorities. Captain Bob sent for Smote, brought him here in the summer, kept him with friends of his in Baltimore for school in the winter. When he got older that’s when he come here full time and brought the boy’s girlfriend too. The boy had a lot of trouble, kept the old man worried. I do say he played some baseball.”
“He and I played together in those leagues. I know him. Smote would never have hurt his grandfather,” said Tench.
“Ain’t none of my business. I’m just saying what some people think, that’s all.”
“I don’t care what they think,” said Tench.
Jones shuffled toward the cuddy cabin of his boat. When he reached the cabin, he picked up a screwdriver. He pointed the tool at Tench as he talked, “Maybe I’m one of them people. Look, here, Mister Tench, I got nothing more to say.”
“You don’t like him because he’s from Baltimore. I’m from Baltimore, too,” said Tench.
“Maybe you don’t belong in River Sunday, neither,” said Jones, with what might have been a slight smile.
Tench persisted, “OK. So it’s important to me too. I came to ask you about what you saw when you found Captain Bob.”
The old man was muttering to himself. Tench couldn’t understand what he was saying.
“Is there anything you can think of that might help us understand what happened?”
Jones remained silent, working on his engine.
“Look, you’re saying you think it was murder. If you’re blaming Smote, if you think he killed him, then at least you think someone killed him. Why do you think that?” asked Tench.
“Captain Bob was fair to me. Not like some others around here,” Jones blurted.
Jones moved back from his engine and poked around among the floorboards and bilge of his boat. He held up a black rubber boot.
“Here,” he said, “I brought along home his boot. Only one I found. Thought one of them cops might steal it from the boat. The old man always liked them. Said he ordered them special. Paid too much money for them, you ask me.”
“So you did go aboard the boat?” said Tench.
Tench noticed Jones’s eyes were watering.
“Why didn’t he have them on when he was found?”
“Man has a right to die in his boots,” said Hiram.
“You know Smote wouldn’t have done that, I mean, taken off his grandfather’s boots,” said Tench.
Jones stared at Tench, wiping his eye. Then he turned back to his engine repair. Tench waited.
After a few minutes, Jones looked up at Tench. He said, “Look ahere, Jimmy. You keep around as long as me, you’ve learned things. Whoever done this to Captain Bob ain’t above doing it to me too.”
Tench knew with that statement he had learned all the waterman was going to say. He turned to leave, slogging through the mud. Hiram picked up on his song, his voice gravelly and off key but strong, the words drifting out over the evening water and muddy stink of the shoreline. This time Tench noticed that the lyrics were slightly different. 

I saw the man and the man didn’t see me.
There was nothing more to be. 

Chapter Ten
8 PM Thursday August 19

Smiley’s trailer was set in a glen of pine trees, a few hundred feet from the end of its dirt and potholed entry road. No sign or mailbox existed on the dirt road to mark the start of this path into the woods. If anyone ever wanted a location that had privacy and was far away from the closest human, this was it. The lane itself was rutted, barely passable, except that a several acre field along the road, once planted to grass, was torn up with car ruts in a circular pattern.
He saw Smiley’s Harley motorcycle, Katy's modified Ford, and a couple of muddy Chevrolet pickups. They were pulled up askew to the side of the trailer, a blue steel box with an awning in front and several plastic chairs. A ring of piled stones held the charred remains of a campfire. Tall grass grew everywhere hiding the otherwise muddy ground and in between the grass clumps were clusters of small flowering shrubs, all of it spreading back into the enclosing loblolly pine trees. Beer cans were piled beside the stones of the fireplace, arranged in a pyramid of red and white metal. 
From the end of the trailer a large Confederate flag hung, its red and white colors bright even in the evening dimness. A dog came up to him, sniffing, its face moving across the axle grease spatter on Tench’s trousers. Tench knew the Labrador, an elderly Chesapeake retriever called Stinker because Smiley never helped him wash off the mud on his fur. The animal went back to its spot near the steps of the entrance door, put its head in its front paws and watched him, panting slightly in the evening heat.
The screen door opened and Smiley stuck his head out.
“I’d about given up on you,” Smiley said, holding the door open as Tench squeezed by him to step up and into the trailer. Smiley was barefoot and wearing a pair of cut-off jeans. His bare stomach showed a rambling tattoo of racial stereotypes such as Jews with long noses, Catholics mouthing fish, blacks with big lips and Latinos with sombrero hats. Underneath at the level of his navel, a slogan on a crinkled red white and blue banner stated 
“hot lead yes, hot bread no.” 
The smell in the trailer was a mixture of beer, burned chicken and sweat. 
“When you going to get rid of that battle flag?” Tench asked.
“Not likely,” replied Smiley. “Makes my little home complete.”
“You aren’t related to any Confederate soldiers, Smiley. You came from New England.”
“It’s my adopted nation,” he grinned.
“Count us too," came a chorus of voices from others sitting around the small table near the stove where Katy was cooking, her hair in a ponytail held with plastic ribbon. Tench didn’t remind them that the nation they swore allegiance to was out of business and had been for a long time.
“Katy,” Tench said.
She nodded, turned for a moment and said, “Been saving some chicken for you.” Then she was intent again, carefully adjusting the smoking chicken parts in the fry pan like she was tuning a carburetor. 
At the table were other white men Tench recognized. Leroy Tilghman was a man of brute size and Chuckles Harmony had his traditional sad face. A man he didn’t know, and younger than Smiley and Tench, also sat at the table pulled down from the trailer wall. This man raised his free hand in greeting, his other hand remaining around a half empty longneck. 
“Jimmy, this is Buddy Nichols.” said Smiley, motioning to the man. 
“Pleased to know you,” the man said, his voice gruff. Tench nodded with a smile. 
“Buddy and I do some riding,” said Smiley. 
“One of these days, I’ll ride with you guys,” said Tench. He had not spent much time on the two wheelers. His mechanic friends in Baltimore had been all car people, not motorcycle fans. 
“Hard to get away on the bike,” said Buddy, shifting in his seat so that Tench could sit down. “My wife, she don’t ride with me no more. Likes the car.” 
“Buddy lives on the Island,” said Smiley. “He and his family work one of Strake’s farms.” 
“Lot of activity up there,” Tench said. 
“Too much,” said Buddy. The man’s face had a day’s stubble and his neck was red from the sun. 
“You have a family?” he asked Tench. 
“No, not yet,” Tench replied. 
“He’s got it for Julie Strake,” said Smiley. “Only, she went off and left him lonely. Calls her all the time.” 
“That ain’t good," said Buddy. The others nodded 
“She’s not that bad,” said Tench. 
Smiley added, “Party with them and then let them go, is the best way.” 
“You don’t do that,” said Katy, from the stove area, her voice sarcastic. 
“Sometimes you can’t let them go,” Smiley said, looking at her with a grin. 
“Better not,” said Katy, scraping harder at the fried chicken. “You boys get your plates over here.” 
The seats at the table were hung on bars of steel from a hinge on the trailer wall. Tench moved against the window to allow Katy to sit down next to him. Smiley sat next to his friend, Buddy. Tench picked a plump drumstick. The others filled their plates and for a few minutes the only noise from scraping of plates and chewing. 
Tench could see Smiley’s back yard from the window. He noticed a small shed and a large wooden wall of plywood set back among the trees, with sandbags on both sides. On the plywood Smiley had painted a white and black bull’s eye that was about four feet across. In the center of the bull’s eye the plywood was chewed by many small holes. 
“You got a target range out there,” said Tench, pointing with his chicken leg. 
“I’ll show you about it after we eat,” said Smiley, grinning at Katy who ate with gusto next to him. 
Smiley put down his chicken and said,” I thought you’d like to hear what my friend says about living up at Strake’s place these days.” 
Tench said,” He know that I think Strake’s daughter Julie is missing?” 
Buddy looked down at his plate, “I don’t want no trouble, Smiley. I was just talking.” 
Smiley said, “You told me the noise up there at night shakes the ground sometimes.” 
“What kind of noise?” asked Tench. 
“The noise wakes up my kids in the middle of the night. Like a lot of engines turned on at once,” Buddy said. 
Tench said, “He runs up the cars in the collection. Keeps them tuned that way.” 
“Not cars,” said Buddy. 
“Strake must have over a hundred cars in that barn. I see the containers coming in,” said Tench.
“I seen them outside when they were painting the floor. Only ten cars,” said Buddy. 
“The other cars must have been left inside.” 
“Don’t’ think so and not at night anyway,” said Buddy. “I had to go up there to see Stagmatter, maybe two weeks ago. Ten cars, maybe eleven, all parked outside with one of Stagmatter's mechanics hosing them down.” 
“Trading up,” said Tench. 
“What do you mean, trading up?” asked Katy. 
Tench explained, “He’ll trade a not so valuable car for a better one. He might end up with fewer cars but the ones he keeps are more valuable.” 
“Yep, I see,” said Buddy, his face blank as if he didn’t really understand. 
Tench didn’t want to explain the intricacies of car auctions to him and the others because he felt he might be betraying Strake’s private business. However, if Stagmatter was doing this with Strake’s cars, Julie would want to know. She had been worried about this kind of thing, perhaps theft, with her father’s property. 
“Those mechanics too,” said Buddy. “They don’t know much about engines.” 
“How do you know that?” 
“We had a tractor busted, wouldn’t start. Stagmatter and two of his men, they couldn’t get her running. Afterward, I went up and found the damn battery cable that had come loose. Bunch of overpaid fakes if you ask me.” 
Smiley stared at Buddy, Smiley’s fingers idly picking at the remaining chicken on a breast. “My boss thinks his friend’s grandfather was killed up there on the farm.” 
Buddy looked at Tench. “That the little Spaniard’s grandpa? Them Africans got itchy trigger fingers. They shoot at anything.” 
Smiley stood up. “They ain’t coming around here nossir. Come in the back room. I’ll show you boys some guns that make a lot of noise.” 
He led the way to the bedroom. Katie jumped up in front of him. 
“Let me go in there and tidy up,” she said. 
They waited a couple of minutes until Smiley said, “Let’s go on in.” 
Katy gave him a scowl as he brought the men into the bedroom. She was pulling the cover back over the tangled sheets. On the left side of the bed was a shorty pink nightgown and on the built in table at the right was a stack of men’s magazines. One sat opened to pictures of a nude blonde woman about the size and shape of Katy. Katy moved to the table, closed it, and quickly hid the magazines in a drawer. 
Smiley’s hand pointed to the wall above the bed. There on metal hangers was an arsenal of blue and brown gun shapes. At the bottom running across the wall were four revolvers, the middle one Tench recognized as a Colt police model thirty eight. Above the handguns were three rifles, at least one of which was a powerful deer rifle with a scope. The other two were machine guns. One was a World War Two automatic, the kind that was known as a grease gun because it looked like the grease pumping tool. The other was a regulation M16, the light machine gun once used in Vietnam. 
“They all shoot good,” said Smiley, his face lighted up with pride. 
“We keep them oiled up,” said Katy, regaining her composure. 
“Want to shoot one?” Smiley asked his guests. 
Buddy shook his head. Tench started to decline but Smiley pulled him over to the wall and picked out a revolver. 
“Come on out back, Jimmy,” he said. “This one’s a percussion cap like they used at Cold Harbor when the Rebels got revenge for Gettysburg.” He turned to Katy. 
“Bring the boss man,” he commanded, and, as they left the room, she started to pull a box from under the bed. 
Tench held the gun hanging at his right side as they moved out of the trailer and toward the firing range in the back yard. He noticed the heavy weight of the gun and the fact that even though he was an average size man, when the pistol butt was at his waist level, the barrel extended halfway down the distance to his knee. 
“Big mother, ain’t she? That’s a Navy Colt,” said Smiley as they walked through the weed at the side of the trailer. Buddy followed behind with Katy at the rear carrying the large flat rectangular cardboard box. 
Smiley took the revolver from Tench’s hand. “I’ll load her for you.” His mechanic held the gun with deference, the same kind of soft touch that Tench imagined Smiley might give to a human baby if he and Katy had one. Smiley prepared all six chambers with charges quickly. He then turned the gun around and placed percussion caps, small metal tops, on the six nipples extending from behind the chambers. He cocked the hammer back and, pointing the revolver down range at the large plywood sheet a hundred yards away, handed the pistol to Tench, “Try your luck.’ 
Tench held the gun out in front of him, his arm level with his eyes and the gun barrel also parallel so that he could sight the weapon. When he had the sight in line with the target, he squeezed the taut trigger. An explosion flew up in front of his face almost immediately, the gun moving upward in the air until it was at a forty five degree angel above the target. The arch of his hand from the forefinger to the thumb ached from the force of what seemed like an ax handle chapping hard against him. 
He practically dropped the gun and Smiley, moving his hand up, took the revolver from him. 
“I forgot to put on the grease,” he said, eyeing the revolver. 
“What happened?” Tench said, the smoke gathering in a cloud that moved away from him, his face burning from the black power on his skin. 
“Besides you getting a black face, all six chambers went off at once,” said Katy, without expression. “Smiley forgets to put the grease on the caps to keep the fire from jumping from cylinder to cylinder. You get all shots going off at once like happened to you.” 
Tench felt his face. Smiley said, “You didn’t lose any skin. Don’t’ worry. We get this sometimes with old guns.”
“Show him,” said Katy, her eyes looking behind her as she signaled to Smiley. 
“Yeah,” said Buddy. “I want to see too.” 
“Old Beets pretty excited talkin’ about that African snake, wasn’t he?” said Smiley, taking the cardboard box from Katy. 
“Yes,” Tench said. 
“I bet he wouldn’t be so scared, if he knew I had me one of these.” He held up a metal cylinder about two feet long, olive drab in color. Then, he snapped the back end of the device outward so that the tube was extended another foot. 
“What is that?”asked Tench. 
“M72. Katy and me, we call it the boss man. Lookee. You’ll see something.” 
“I want to shoot it too,” said Buddy. The other two men crowded around and said they wanted a shot too. 
“You’ll get your turn,” Smiley said. 
Smiley moved away from them and held the weapon with its back aimed away from the trailer. He looked behind him to make sure nothing was in the way. Then he loaded a small rocket that Katy took from the box. He pointed the device at the plywood target. 
“Get him,” Katy said 
“Cover your ears,” said Smiley as he pushed the firing device.
Smoke came up from the plywood and the woods beyond as pits of flame tugged at the brush and splintered wood. Tench thought the noise was deafening, like a dragster taking off with all its exhausts wide open and lighting up candles, as the drag boys said, when the flames came out of the engine pipes and into the air. 
“Get the hose,” said Smiley as he put the launcher down and walked towards the woods. He picked up a shovel near the ruined target and began to stamp out the vestiges of flame along the side of the woods. Katy came behind him with a long garden hose which sprayed water up into the few burning branches. 
“Where did you get that thing?” asked Tench as Smiley knelt on the ground preparing the launcher for Buddy’s shot. 
Smiley didn’t smile. Tench’s host was very serious as he said, “You think them terrorists can get these weapons so easy over there in the Middle East. Wellsir, we can get them here too, right in the old USA.” Smiley looked up, lifting the rocket launcher slightly from the ground, “Let me tell you, I see a man like that Snake old Beets was talking about at the garage, or if he make a mistake and come around here, that’s be the last anyone’ll see of him, I’m saying that for sure.” 
“You guys need tiger suits like the Army Special Forces,” said Tench grinning. 
“Real camouflage is blending with the people not with the woods, Jimmy. The targets are in the cities. Ain’t no woods there. Let me tell you, man, we got enough of us to one day take over like Hitler did only this time we won’t lose because the rest of the white nations will be with us. Goddamn United Nations be damned. I mean we ain’t go no name but all of us know who we are.”
“I hope it doesn’t happen,” said Tench. 
Smiley said, “Look, this is our place, our land, our home, and no United Nations going to get an army to take it away from us. I don’t care how poor we get to be. We’ll survive. Just like the people who settled here a couple centuries back. Them foreigners can push us back like animals, but we’ll put up a fight and we’ll win too.” 
Katy added, “Don’t worry, we still got hope that the old US will figure out an answer so we still got something left, not much but something. Whatever we got here in this land, the bad guys want it real bad. It’s just we are not going to lose it are we, boys?” The others laughed and Smiley added, “No, Katy, we are not.” 
Smiley leaned toward Tench. He said, “You a nice boss, Jimmy, but you don’t get it. Remember there ain’t too many white men running that United Nations. Pretty soon it’s all black and yellow calling us with orders. You remember then I told you back when we could have done something to stop it.” 
The smoke still drifted from the rocket blast as Tench moved around to the front of the trailer to head back to his own home. Katy walked with him and pointed to her tiny Focus car with the huge exhaust pipes coming out under its rear bumper. 
“I been practicing in the field near here. Smiley thinks I can tune it to take on any of the Japanese drifter racers. Maybe the garage could sponsor me.” 
He knew that she was referring to the new sport of sliding cars around in a circle as they proceeded ahead, a test of driving skill and car strength. Tench smiled. “Let me get my Mustang racer up and running. Maybe I can set it up for the drift races too. You’ve done a good job with that Ford Focus. I bet you got some Civics pretty scared around town.” 
She smiled. “We’re talking the same language, Jimmy.” She gave him a big hug. He thought, as he hugged her back, that maybe she does get it after all. Make money, then start her homestead. He smiled. She might make it after all, just like her father wanted her to. 

Chapter Eleven 
9 AM Friday August 20 

The River Sunday town authority didn’t have a very large budget for security in its yearly financial plan. Except for hurricanes which arrived irregularly each fall season and caused electricity to fail and roads to be blocked with fallen pine trees, the biggest town security issue was the annual summer powerboat regatta. It drew a multitude of outsiders and some national television sports reporters. Trouble was limited to the hydroplane spectators, people who tended to get drunk and have fistfights. They didn’t require more than a few extra town policemen for a weekend of overtime duty.
Satter tried to make sure that the town was protected even though he had little time to prepare. First of all he had the town police out in force, a team of ten men of various experience consisting of parking officers to harbor patrolmen. These people usually did town type crimes such as investigating fires and a few stabbings. They also investigated drug cases, especially those of secret shipments for Baltimore and Philadelphia coming in at night along deserted shorelines. He borrowed five more officers from the State Police. They stood at corners in their trim uniforms adding a sense of military precision to the goings on and making everyone walk a little more carefully in the morning heat. The sheriff’s office also had two part time detectives and they were placed strategically to watch for any signs of trouble. These were a man and a woman he had brought over from his old job on the Baltimore force. They knew their business, even though, like him, they were near retirement age. The Coast Guard station agreed to put out both its boats on full time patrol around the harbor and cancelled all leaves.
The demonstrators were already arriving by busloads. More and more filled the narrow street near the hotel. Many held signs, some of them well made from brightly painted plywood. The United Nations was definitely the subject of most crowd complaints. As Satter had suspected, the NUN or No United Nations protestors were there, dressed in purple robes. Confederate flags were visible along with United States banners. Many people dressed in jeans and muscle shirts. Motorcycles purred among the audience. Two well-dressed black women held up a white plastic sign that proclaimed in large red letters that they were members of the Fair Africa Committee of Philadelphia. A second group were also people of color, these coming from New York and from another chapter of the same organization. Children were part of the demonstration dancing and singing under the lead of a black robed man moving his arms and keeping time to a loud song on a boom box. Few of the participants appeared, at least to Tench, to be from River Sunday. He did not see Pastor Allingham, who most locals considered the River Sunday black leader, or any of the people of color he knew to belong to the Pastor’s church. One chant was louder than the others.
Give us freedom and we’ll be free 
Give us freedom and we’ll be free 
Give us freedom and we’ll be free 
Me-o me-o me-o dee
The children swayed in time to the song and snag the chorus at the top of their lungs. A small wagon appeared in the midst of the children and in its bed was a large plaster hand. Its fingers stretched skyward several feet so that the palm and back of the hand were perpendicular to the observers along the sidewalks. Across the palm of the hand were the words, 
“All we ask is a friendly hand.” 
Tench saw the Mayor in the lobby. She was smiling as she stopped to be interviewed by newsmen. Tench joined her and they proceeded to the room in the lower floor where the committee would hold its meeting. 
One of the Sheriff’s deputies, a large husky white man in a carefully pressed uniform, was taking names at the doorway to the room. He nodded to Tench and the mayor. They passed by another table stacked with Doctor Owerri’s books. One of the African men from the Island was sitting behind the table, staring directly ahead without expression. He would only bend his head when someone offered money for a copy of the book. Then he would take the money without a word, place a book in a paper bag and give it to the customer. 
Inside, the room was dim. “Just think, Jimmy. This is making River Sunday the theatre of the world,” his aunt said, excited with the prospect of her town being famous and her leadership strengthened among her local male counterparts with this accomplishment. 
The room in the hotel where that the United Nations had rented each year was relatively small. It had room in front for the table with the committee, about five persons. There were chairs for twenty visitors. Normally at business meetings only a few audience chairs were required. 
The United Nations personnel were taking their places, four men and a woman, all dressed casually in vacation wear, shorts and polo shirts, some with ball caps. These people expected to be out in boats or on the golf course during their brief summer sojourn in River Sunday. They had not planned for lengthy committee work. In front of the panel, a male and a female representative of the United States State Department had already arrived. They were very young, white, and well-dressed officers who seemed very nervous, their briefcases on their laps. The Mayor, who had met these two for the first time earlier this morning, cracked to Tench that they looked like they were somewhere overseas in a fortified villa at the beginning of a revolution, that the main gate had just been broken down by a mad crowd, and that they had realized no place was left for them to hide. Tench replied that she was right, that he expected them to get up and run pretty soon.
On the table in front of each committee member were a scattering of papers and notebooks, glasses of water and a moveable microphone. A podium had been hastily set up at the side of the room for the use of Doctor Owerri. Against the wall behind the podium was another pile of paper bags filled with more copies of the Bell.
His cousin smiled and whispered. “A little bit of excitement really turns on River Sunday. This is going to be good for our tourism bottom line.” 
The chairman of the committee, a white haired gentleman, pulled the microphone to rest in front of him and then spoke with a decided French accent. “We are here today to conduct some inter session research and business of the United Nations sub-committee on African matters. Fortunately before we start our regular deliberations we have been pleased to receive the remarks of an outstanding writer on these affairs. Doctor Owerri has graciously agreed to deliver copies of her new book, The Bell, for our committee persons to review. We look forward to her comments for our consideration and further, to reporting to the members of the General Assembly in our committee conclusions. Doctor Owerri, please proceed.” 
Doctor Owerri stood, orange robe around her, and clopped in her African sandals to the podium and began to speak. 
She began, “When I looked around for a symbol of what I am going to talk about today, I had to search no further than the slave monument in the River Sunday harbor. To me, it is similar to the bell of my book, also in a harbor. My bell called into shore the traders to buy the human cargoes. The slave trade as ancient as it was is still the symbol in the minds of all of us who are oppressed. We know that this can happen again and again, not so much in human slavery of body but in human slavery of spirit. 
“I testify to the United Nations here today because I see no value in bringing my case to any individual government. The world faces a catastrophe for freedom and no single nation can fight this war, can face this crisis alone. 
“We must first truly in our hearts accept that all people are equally human, subject to the same needs for medical care, mothers and fathers, education, shelter, and love. We must also accept when we say this that the same genes spent on birth on the North American continent could as easily be spent on birth in the African jungles and that the babies from these genes should have the same chance at life. If we do not accept this then we are truly separated. 
“As we move toward a more perfect world, we recognize that at present all humanity is divided into those who are controlled and those who control. These great masses of poor, unsheltered, sick and without hope have masters, the elites who use the resources, own all health services and shelter, and selfishly express hope only for the future of themselves and their own children. What we must observe and prepare for is the growth of the controlled to the point where the controllers can no longer restrain them. I would rather see this be a time of joy rather than a time of war, a time of success and welcome rather than a time of fences and horror. 
“The cracks are appearing. The war is coming. We know that we have with us those who drive followers to kill the controllers with bombs so as to free the controlled. These humans work each in his own way for the salvation of humanity and for change and they work with few tools to do this, to bring forth our attention to inequities. For these persons, death is preferable to life with no future. 
“So what do all of us so called rational people do to save the world from these cataclysms of terror? I see the answer as very simple. The rich must give back to the poor what they have taken. Surely no one truly believes with any sanity that all the rich have is not taken from the poor. If their riches are truly their earned share, I have no problem, but we all know that the rich absorb, in order to fulfill their constantly growing definition of rich, far more than their equal share and thus by definition must take resources from those who do not have, those who cannot have, those who at present have no power to take for themselves This rule of law that protects this theft is no rule of fair law at all but a rule of unfair law legislated by the rich that makes sure that the rich can continue to take. So we must change this. 
“As an African let me say that I can see this interchange all too plainly. I have witnessed in my own lifetime the theft of oil resources and the return of little except worn out destroyed farmland for the original owners. I also see that this has been going on for centuries beginning with the biggest theft of all, the slave trade, that existed from the earliest civilizations, even during the time of the Hebrews and Christians and Moslems and Buddhists, where our own people were stolen to insure the production of riches for the elites. As today, some of the controllers were our own people too, misdirected by the values of the outsiders. 
“Later the oil companies came to our land and the first wells were dug. We were paid for the oil but our lands were destroyed. The rule of law as much as the laws of physics presented us with no respite. The law says we are beaten before we start to live. We were paid yes, but the payment only served to cause us to undertake debt and that we have incurred. This debt in turn limits us to any future growth and the more we support the rule of law and the draining of our oil, the more we support our status as debtors of the rich. 
“Would we be in the right to ask for our people back, those that were stolen, and for the lands to be restored, those that were ruined? Not according to the rule of law. What was done was done by contract and contracts are inviolate according to that law.
“Keep in mind that what I say about my own country could be said about any country in the world. A country may be rich today and poor tomorrow due only to the vagueness of nature, food growth, pollution, disease, age, and the loss of spirit that comes with overabundance. You ask a man in utter poverty living with closeness of death to wait until another civilization collapses from excess and his country is restored while his children and his wife die of thirst or starvation or disease. He would ask and rightfully so, why should he and his die and you and yours live? He sees your television shows. He no longer lives in ignorance of your high living. Besides, the old arguments of waiting no longer convince him. The religions all counsel a future in Heaven but he wants the present for those he loves. He knows also that if the world’s future is left to chance, the oppressor might be replaced with another oppressor. 
“Suppose these divergent opinions gain armies and fight for what they suppose are their rights? Suppose they think that the time is ripe for action, that the old world rules of law are failing. 
“Where would these armies to carry out this Armageddon come from? First they would come by way of small groups. They could come from that set of people that all countries have in their shadows, those who for a variety of reasons are disaffected and easily brought into the fold, those people who feel it their duty to fight and die. They are there always for those with causes to use them. Once part of an army they can be ruled to carry out the most horrible of tasks planned to sway the greatest numbers of the enemy to accept their goals. 
“Fail to stop them by changing your ways and they will grow into hordes. Borders will not stop them and weapons will not kill them fast enough to overcome the birth of new soldiers. 
“Let’s look at the answer most commonly given to this problem. Long ago we were told to elect our own governments, that democracy would protect us and rebuild our lands and our future. We did that. Unfortunately, the governments we elected were always in the employ of the same men who had destroyed us, who had enslaved us. These new governments simply went about killing and destroying all the power that we had in the people making sure that no truly decent government could ever be achieved in our new democratic institutions. 
“The elite of the world is behind this. Some are public, some hidden, some are corporations, some individuals. It does not matter. They can be found in all lands. They aggrandize, seek more than their share, even profess to give back some of their gains but only at the price of what they might wish, not what the countries might wish, so they remain in power. Let it be well understood that the word for good sounds like the word for god but the word for evil sounds like the word for devil. These individuals are the earthly form of the devil. 
“The last hope of all of us is the United Nations. Here the people of the world can reign in these controllers, these elites. No single fighter however he may feel his destiny is powerful enough to stop them alone. He can draw attention but he cannot win.
“We want our country, our home, returned to us. Yes, it is all about our home. Home is so important to all people. It is a universal concept, understood in all cultures, in all languages, and it is something to fight for. Thus it is the cause of war. We want restitution of the resources which have been stolen by outsiders. We ask only that the United Nations investigate this and determine the guilty parties and make them pay. 
“We do not want to be a people without a home, drifting around the world looking for a new land when no land is to be found, and our own homeland is no longer habitable. 
“I can assure you that this is a warning. I make a simple statement of the truth in my book. I write that if no effort is made by the haves to share with the have nots, if the elites remain in power to the denigration of the subjugated, if no attempt is made to attempt a redress of the old sins, in some reasonable way, I cannot guarantee the future for any of us. 
“Money yes. All will cost money. Yet if only a part of the great military expenditures can be saved by a new peace causing approach, a leveling and appreciation of each person’s right to live, to grow, that saving can do wonders to pay for much of this growth. 
“We have a date of infamy in our country too as I am sure most nations have. In the massacre of August 21, 1771, my forefathers were killed by the English and their allies the French and American and Spanish traders, killed off to protect the slave trade which robbed our best men and women. Then again on August 21 six years ago my family was killed in the battles fought between the government and a few free thinkers in the countryside. The attacks came from old AmericanB24 Liberator bombers painted black but with the American symbols once used against the Nazis still showing through the paint. They were loaded with jellied gasoline that burned our people and left skin hanging by threads so they died horribly. 
“Let me say, beware that this gasoline is used on you here in America and in other United Nations countries. 
“We call gasoline the devil’s water for it is surely the essence of evil. This last August 21 battle was fought by the government to save the wells that polluted our land, save them for the fortunes of the corrupt government we had elected and which in turn persecuted us. Its goal was to save the fortunes of multinational corporations that are so big now they dwarf even the countries. Beware I say of the power of these things for the gasoline will come here and burn you too in the fire of retribution and soon.”
Owerri looked at the panel all of whom were staring at her and finished, “We as Africans provided the original genes for all the world’s civilizations. Yet those same nations control us. Why? They have the guns and we do not. I’m here to suggest to you that will change. As it changes for you, you will know how we feel. You will know that we have to fight, protect what we have that’s ours alone. As the American hero once said, we have not yet begun to fight.” 
The United Nations moderator had begun to look looked startled. When she stopped talking, he said, “We thank you for your testimony. You’ve given us a lot to think about. We’ll take a short recess and then go on with our meeting.” With that the panel all stood up and began to move toward the door. Doctor Owerri preceded them and stopped at the door to sign some of her books. 
His cousin stood up, trying to get her smiling face into the panning of the television camera at the back of the room. 
Just then the bags of books behind the podium burst into flame and the room instantly filled with thick black smoke. Tench lurched forward, his first thought of the Mayor’s safety. The overhead lights went out. The blackness was broken by flashes from the flames breaking through the smoke. The fumes burned his eyes and he heard the terrible sounds of screams. Chairs were hammered against flesh and walls as people fought without mercy for each other so they could get through the only doorway. 

Chapter Twelve 
Noon, Friday August 20 

The smoke in the United Nations committee meeting caused havoc and fear. Concern that the smoke might be hazardous, or even a poison gas of some kind, was brought to mind. People fell down, were trampled, screamed in panic and in general reacted in terror. Hotel guests poured out to the long porch of the hotel, running into the street and pushing against the demonstrators who also became excited. The police, who for the most part had no training in this kind of crowd panic, were unprepared and ineffective for at least a half hour in bringing order. That caused even more people to be hurt. For one thing, the town did not have a team prepared to check the noxious nature of the smoke and until the fire department brought up its one trained volunteer who happened to be at his home farm several miles out of town, no one could rest assured that the fumes were innocent. 
At the same time as the smoke billowed from the hotel, other smaller fires sprang up behind neighboring buildings on the street. For years since the days of the race riots in River Sunday, persons unknown had set these harassing fires in trash bins to aggravate the police. They occurred on national holidays or during elections. Some said they were set by the blacks and some were sure they had been instigated by the whites. No one was ever caught and that was the story today. However, the sudden extra smoke plumes added to the confusion. 
Smiley ran the ambulance to the hospital all morning taking anyone who was hurt or terrified. All this of course was duly recorded on the television cameras and would be played Tench knew ad infinitum on the rest of the day’s national reports under the headline 
“Sleepy Eastern Shore of Maryland port town is the recipient of the latest terror attack, causing substantial injuries and town panic.” 
This did not play well with the Mayor. Tench could see that immediately from her crestfallen face. When Tench finally got outside, his cousin in tow and rubbing her eyes from the smoke, she was disheveled, her shoulders slumped in defeat. The River Sunday fire trucks were arriving just then, making people stand to the side of the noisy machines. The scene was one of confusion beyond Tench’s belief. In the narrow colonial streets the crowds were pushed back into the nearby marina yards, some almost into the water beyond, while the firemen were uncoiling hundreds of feet of hose, their volunteer crews anxious to investigate the fire source and don the new anti-gas gear they had been sent from Baltimore for hazardous duty.
The demonstrators were screamed at all the villains, the United Nations, the black, the whites, the religions, and any terrorists. They tried to surround the bent over figure of Doctor Owerri but she was rapidly escorted away by two of the Africans from the Island. These men roughly pushed away and knocked down news people and fervent activists. They put her into the Strake station wagon. That car drove off quickly, horn blaring, narrowly avoiding the incoming fire trucks and police cars and the hordes in the streets. 
The television reporters were everywhere and one jammed a microphone in Tench’s face, yelling a question about terrorists. He pushed him away knowing he would be considered a ruffian or worse when the shot aired later. The Mayor tried to restore order standing beside the sheriff and yelling orders, most of which were unheeded in the crowd panic. 
Satter’s face had a puzzled expression. He held the so called bomb. The smoke source had turned out to be a cleverly fashioned set of battery wires inserted into a can of crankcase oil set behind the stack of books. 
Tench left his aunt with the sheriff and his men and went back to the garage. He secured his building against any incursion by the unruly street people who seemed completely out of control in their excitement. He watched as they rushed through yards and back areas along the harbor, seemingly trying to proclaim their message to anyone who would listen about the evil of enemies from abroad. Loud fights began with anyone who disagreed. 
The Mayor called him two hours later. “Get over here to my office as soon as you can.” 
The sun at noon had disappeared behind a dark overcast from the west and the bushes and trees along the street began to sway with strong breezes. Tench heard thunder coming from the west across the Chesapeake and moving in fast to River Sunday. 
His aunt stood in the center of her office and looked at him with a glare in her eyes he had not seen before. 
“Yeah, I’m pissed off. You got that right. We have to start all over. 
She went on, “I don’t think you understand, Tench” He looked at her again and she stared at him, almost the dedicated stare of a woman who wanted to sell him her body, up in Baltimore, some whore he had met on the street. 
She picked up the map and pointed to the small stars glued on it in various places. “This marks every place I own. Five beauty shops, two farms and a garage.” 
“My garage.” 
“I own that garage until you pay me back.” 
“You telling me there’s some fine print?” 
“I’m the mayor of a town that’s on national news with a riot and a United Nations meeting that was disrupted by thugs. We’re going to be the laughing stocks of the whole country. On top of that, my investments will go to hell.”
Tench understood. She was really thinking about herself. “Does the Sheriff know who set off the smoke?” he asked.
She answered, pacing the floor, “Sheriff thinks it was one of the demonstrators. Someone who didn’t agree with Owerri. The FBI fortunately had been detailed to routinely check out the meeting. Its agent in charge from Philadelphia was here checking out whether this was racism, hurting minorities or whatever.”
“Can’t they check out who made that bomb? What about the fires around town?” 
“The FBI man said it was the simplest smoke bomb he ever ran into. Like a toy that anyone could have made. Satter and his team found no fingerprints, nothing. The agent in charge thinks all of this was a local prank, something to do with anti-black racism directed at the United Nations or at Doctor Owerri, but that it wasn’t terrorism. He said that the terrorists would have wanted to kill people, not scare them. 
“Satter told him that we have some pretty rough white people living around River Sunday, people who don’t like anyone. The FBI agent said it might be a prank against the United Nations and not racial at all. He said that if they went after every one of these small incidents, they’d be unable to handle the bigger stuff. He said though they would watch River Sunday in the future for any activity that might be part of a national terrorist program. 
“So that is where it stands. We face an investigation of possible race bigots here. Some interviews will be held over the next few days by Washington authorities responsible for race crimes. Sheriff Satter has turned over his files to the FBI on local bigots. Isn’t this delightful just when we are getting the town a reputation of being a tourist destination? None of this will look good in the papers so I hope they keep it quiet and I’ve told the Sheriff to play it down as he works on the case. I just don’t want bad press when we have worked so hard to build up River Sunday as a nice town.”
“So what can I do?” asked Tench.
“I want you to stay away from Strake’s farm.”
Tench shrugged. “I’m just trying to help out my friend.”
“I don’t care about Smote. I do care about my town, my property. I don’t want you stirring up anything else. ”
“What about if Strake and his men are involved in Captain Bob’s murder?”
“I just don’t want any more trouble. Besides I owe that man a lot of money. Money I don’t have right now. Mister Stagmatter called today again and reminded me that he will continue to let me miss some of the payments, take as much time as I need, especially if the tourism slows.”
“Stagmatter.”
“You might say, he owns your garage, not me. Least, he made the loans for Mister Strake. He’s in charge.”
Tench sat down then. He stared at the edge of the mahogany desk, trying to focus on the carved scrolls in the woodwork. He was working as hard he could, Katy was too, all of them were, but the profits were building in Strake’s bank account. Or, if Julie’s long held suspicions had any truth in them, in Stagmatter’s bank account.
The side door to the office opened and the sheriff walked in.
“Tench understands,” she said to Satter.
Satter said, “Look, Tench, like she says, Strake and his people aren’t the problem. I don’t know about Peake’s death. I don’t think anyone does. However, the real problem in River Sunday is the troublemakers who use any excuse to start up a fight. You saw it today. I’ve been fighting this racial hatred for years. I started in Baltimore when I was working the street. You know something about the street, Tench. These people, they hate everyone who isn’t one of them, like white, religious, patriotic, and ignorant. Some hate Strake and his African mechanics. Some hated your old friend Captain Bob. Maybe some hate Smote. I’m sure one of the gangs hate the lady doctor who gave the speech and I know many of them hate the United Nations. I’m just surprised someone hasn’t gone after that little committee before when it came to town to have its meeting.”
“What local troublemakers?” asked Tench. “You mean the people who set those fires?”
“Maybe so. I don’t know. May I, Mayor?” She nodded, stepped back and the sheriff clicked on the computer at her desk. “I’m going to show him just one of the hate groups, a white one . You can find the same thing on the others.”
The screen opened up. The Sheriff hit more buttons. The page was white, an intense white, and at its bottom corner, a small United States flag.
On the next page was a map of the world dated 1950. All the countries were colored with blotches of white among other hues of yellow, black and tans.
“Now look at this,” said the Sheriff as he clicked.
The map changed to one with the date 1960. The white areas were smaller, the other colors taking more space.
He hit another button. The date was 1970 and the white areas shrank more among the other colors. By the time he hit 2000, the white areas were tiny compared to the other colors. This was the last page of the website.
“What does this mean?” asked Tench.
“That’s the website they follow,” the Sheriff said. The mayor nodded.
“Smiley might be in this gang,” said Satter.
“Gang?” asked Tench, staring at the console.
“They have no name.” Tench remembered what Smiley had said, that his friends did not need a name, that they all knew each other.
“The State Police think this area around River Sunday is a major location for members,” said the Sheriff.
“What does this mean?” asked Tench.
“It’s likely that the smoke at the testimony was one of their efforts to scare people. The talk was about Africa. They hate any people except whites. Don’t you see?” said the Mayor.
“So what does this mean to me?” asked Tench. “You think these people might have killed Captain Bob?”
“These people don’t kill, at least not yet, they don’t. They scare to get results. You might want to get your friend Smote to lay off his accusations because these people might go after him.”
The strange thing was that the African woman was making sense, that she was saying the same thing as Captain Bob. “You have to fight, protect what you got that’s your alone, or they’ll own your soul. You’ll never have anything left, no place you can still call home.”
The thunder started then and the storm crashed across the town and the harbor. Tench saw Smote waiting at the door of the garage.
Smote said, “I went up there just before dawn today and I found something. You got to help me.”
The warnings from his cousin were immediately in his mind, but he disregarded them. He couldn’t let down his friend. “Tell me about it,” Tench said, sitting down at his desk.
Smote said, “I tell you something isn’t right up at Strake’s. I went along the beach in the dark, my boat close to the shore. I heard noises and saw lights not in the big house but coming from that low museum building to the back. A cloud of smoke drifted out over the water coming right by me. It smelled like the burning oil smell of engines revved up. They were working on the cars this early but it sounded like large truck engines.” 
“I see the guards on the shore and I stay out of sight in the darkness. Then I poled the Emmy out into the channel before I started the engine.” 
“Go on,” said Tench.
“I said to myself I got to find the way Captain Bob went in there. You know how he was. Always nosy. The Pastor even said that.”
“He had a keen eye.”
Smote went on. “I think he must have anchored his boat in along the shore, somewhere near where we found the anchor. Then he took his boots off and waded in. I think he see something and wanted to check it out as quiet as he could be.”
Tench leaned forward. He could visualize the old man, bent over, hunching his way as he waded slowly through the shallows, eventually coming up on the sand.
“I decided to go in there myself and see what I could find. I anchored and swam into shore. No one was around. The guards had all gone back to the main house or at least I didn’t see them and they didn’t see me.”
“I can figure it.”
“The shoreline has a bank but it’s relatively low, not more than four feet most of the places. I said to myself, that Captain Bob would not have gone along that shoreline because he would have been spotted.”
“That makes sense,” said Tench, his face serious as he listened.
“So when I got to the beach I didn’t go directly toward the main house. I went the other way. I think he figured he would be seen otherwise.”
“So what did you find?”
“The shoreline is covered with a lot of brush and fallen trees. You remember where we were when that guy pointed the gun at us?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, I went wide of that and further down. By and by I found the going pretty rough. I could find no sign that he had been there, no tracks. The rain and the incoming tides had cleaned up all the traces if anyone had been there. To tell you the truth, Jimmy, I didn’t even know what I was looking for.”
He stared at Tench, his hair unruly from his excitement. His eyes were dark, intent. “I couldn’t see much but I heard a bulldozer starting up. Then behind that, was the original noise. I was closer and it sounded more like a rumbling sound and the ground began to shake. Then it stopped. The bulldozer shut off too. Everything got quiet. I heard the voices of guards coming down along the shoreline. I decided to come home and get you.”
Tench looked at his friend. “You don’t know what that noise was.”
“I know, I feel it, that was what my grandfather checked out and that was what got him killed, whatever it is,” said Smote.
Then Tench stood up. “If anyone might have also heard this, it would be Jones. Over the years he was out working the same grounds as your grandfather, always competing with him for the best catch. We’ll go see Jones again. We’ll ask him if he’s heard it. I think he knew more than he told me the other day.” 

Chapter Thirteen 
4 PM Friday August 20 

The rain had stopped by the time Tench and Smote arrived at Jones’s house. It was a small cottage with a half-acre of land. Jones was in his front yard working on his crab pots. They were square screen devices with funnels to allow the crabs to enter seeking to feed on the enclosed bait but then not allow them to escape. 
Hiram kept his head down and his face toward his current crab pot as they approached him. Tench and Smote were quiet as they stood before him. 
Hiram spoke, not looking up, “I spent some time at my church after you left the other day. “
Tench nodded.
“Jesus told me that I have to do more for my old acquaintance, that I should stop and help you in the same way as the destitute man was helped by the neighbor in the Bible, do as the Good Samaritan did.”
Tench glanced at Smote. This was a change in Hiram’s approach, a major change in this old man’s willingness to help.
Looking up suddenly, Jones said, “I’m not a coward and I can be a friend. I knew Captain Bob, can ‘t say I loved him, but he treated me well and that’s more than most of them around here.”
“I understand,” said Tench, wondering where all this was leading.
Hiram went on, “Let me start by saying that about a year ago I heard about an old tunnel in the ground up to the Strake place. It ran all the way from the shoreline up to the old house there. Lots of them old plantation houses had escape tunnels to get away from the rebel raiders during the Revolution. Most of them tunnels are fallen in by now though.
“Anyway, I got to thinking about what the old man had told me. See, he didn’t like Stagmatter.”
“I know that,” said Smote.
Hiram looked at Smote, then continued, “Your grandfather liked to snoop around. I guess you know about that too.”
Smote nodded.
“He said to me he thought the fellow was a Nazi. You know how Captain Bob used to talk about watching for Nazi submarines during World War Two. I don’t know whether he ever did really see one or report it to the Navy but he thought he did.”
“Yessir,” said Tench.
“It made him happy to talk about it and I never heard of anyone who questioned him and his stories. So he got on talking about Stagmatter speaking German and being a bad influence on the people around here. He said good upstanding Americans shouldn’t have to share their home with a Nazi. He told me that Stagmatter’s old man was hunted by the Israelis for a long time until he died down in Argentina.”
“War crimes?” asked Tench.
“Stagmatter’s grandfather was a mechanic and worked for Mercedes Benz making engines. During the war the family lived near a rail yard where the factory was located. This of course was before Stagmatter the kid was even born. He was born in Argentina afterwards.
“Anyway, one of those big American bombers came in and hit the rail yard and blew up the factory. I know about those raids because I had a cousin who was a tail gunner on one of those ships and that’s what they mostly bombed, rail way yards.
“Stagmatter’s grandparents and the first wife of his father were burned to death in the fire bombs that the ships dropped on the buildings. I guess they had a little cottage here or something. Well, the father had a lot of connections and took a job with the German Army stationed with US prisoners of war. Turns out he tortured many of the prisoners who were bomber crews. That didn’t look good for the Red Cross inspectors. So the Nazis sent him to one of the Jew camps figuring I guess that his hatred would come in handy. He used to shoot the prisoners before they even got to the furnaces. Real nasty human being if you could call him human. After the war he took off to Argentina when everything was disorganized and worked down there fixing cars like his father had done. He never got caught but I guess his life was pretty dismal in hiding. He got married again and had Stagmatter. Stagmatter grew up in the business and became a mechanic that way. He was trained by Mercedes using his father’s contacts.
“So I can see how Captain Bob would have hated the guy,” said Tench.
“Yeah, he didn’t have much use for Stagmatter. Always snooping on him. Told me he was getting ready to call the FBI to investigate him.”
He paused, then went on, “So after he turned up out in the Bay that morning, I thought about what he had told me about Stagmatter.”
“You weren’t interested in helping me when I saw you,” said Tench.
“I was still figuring what to do,” the old man said.
Tench said, “You told me that people might come after you. Did you mean Stagmatter?”
Hiram nodded. “He has his way of finding out stuff about local people, don’t you worry.”
Hiram went on, “I went up yesterday after dark to find that tunnel. I figured if Captain Bob found anything about Stagmatter’s doings, it was connected to that tunnel.”
“Why?” asked Smote. 
Hiram said, “That was the only way to get into the property without being seen.” 
“You went up to the Strake place?” asked Smote. 
“Like I say, I sneaked up there just before dawn. That’s the only way you’re going to do it given that they got all them guards.” 
“What happened?”
“I went way out in the Bay to get by the farm so they couldn’t see me. I had my running lights off. I poled in the last few hundred yards. I went along the shoreline and then came into land about a mile past the property.”
“You were north of it,” said Tench.
“Yes. I came into the shoreline until she hit shallows at about twenty feet from the shore. I put in my anchor and then I waded ashore.”
“What was your plan, Hiram?”
“Well, I figured that the tunnel must be near the old path that runs down the north side of the large front field. Course that road is all covered over now. Hasn’t been used since the old tobacco days when the slaves would roll the hogsheads down to the English ships to send them to London. Captain Bob and I knew that ‘cause pilings where the ships tied up are still there under the water.”
“Yes,” said Tench.
“You betcha. I found the tunnel too. Had a wooden door.” He looked up with a smile.
“Where was it?”
“Right where I expected. Only they was some brush piled up in front of the entry. I expect the old man tried to hide what he found.”
“Did you enter the tunnel?”
“No, I couldn’t get in.”
“Why?’
“New lock and hasp on the door,” said Hiram, putting down the crab pot.
“Who do you think put that on?”
“I don’t know. I saw the old one on the ground, all rusty and bent. The old man must have broke it to get inside.”
“So maybe they capture him and the Africans, they find out about the old tunnel too,” said Smote. He was chewing hard on his gum. Tench had seen him this way just before a big baseball play.
“I guess so.”
“They locked it up again,” said Tench. “That tunnel must be open all the way to the house. Otherwise they wouldn’t bother to secure it.”
“I expect the old man must have told them a lot before they killed him,” said Hiram.
“You think he tell them anything, you wrong,” said Smote.
“He was too old and he liked to talk. I expect he let Stagmatter have it with a lot of Nazi remarks. Then he had Captain Bob murdered. They figured the secret of the old tunnel died with him.” said Tench.
“They’s a lot of bad people up there,” said Hiram.
“You think Strake is one too?” asked Tench.
“I just don’t know. He didn’t seem like the right kind. I think Stagmatter is your man because he’s just plain mean inside.”
“You started back to your boat?”
“Yessir. Nobody saw me neither.” He looked at Tench. “They’s one more thing.”
“What?”
“I looked up to the house just before I left. Light was just coming up. Some of them were out on the back porch just sitting, even that early in the morning before sunup.”
“Stagmatter?”
“Yes.” Hiram seemed hesitant.
“Strake?”
“No, he was nowhere in sight. That African woman was out there though and Marengo, the jungle man.”
“Who else?”
“The daughter, Julie. They used to say around town that she liked you, Jimmy.”
“What about Julie?” asked Tench, afraid of what the old man would say.
“She was there with the others on the porch.”
“You sure, Mister Jones?” asked Smote.
“I still got my good eyes. They were holding her. Two of them African mechanics. I watched them one on each side holding her elbows. She didn’t look too happy. ‘Course I couldn’t see her face, but just judging by the way she was standing, she weren’t too happy, nossir.”
“They were hurting her?” asked Tench.
“She sure didn’t seem to want to be there.”
As they drove back to River Sunday, Tench’s mind went back to a time when he and Julie were sitting on the dock at the bottom of the farm, looking out at the Chesapeake , the afternoon sun hot on their bodies. She didn’t have her hat that day, one of the few times she was without it, and her hair was long and free over her shoulders. Both of them were well tanned, lying in their swimsuits on the bare weathered wood of the pier. She had stood up and walked to a nearby piling where a line was attached around the post, extending down into the water. She picked up a long handled net and held it close to the water surface as she pulled the line slowly to the surface.
He sat there, looking at her perfect figure, her breasts pushing against the cloth of the small two piece, her waist barely covered with the bottom. She would look back at him for time to time as she worked on the line, inching it upward as she held the net.
He crawled lazily toward where she worked, the boards coarse against the skin of his legs.
“I want you to stay with me,” he had said.
She turned to him, holding the line still and resting the net on the wood. She said, “I have to go back to Texas. I have to go to school.”
“We belong together here,” he said, feeling his power, his authority, exercising his manhood over this woman of his dreams.
“I know,” she said.
“Then you should stay.”
“I can’t.”
At that moment he reached for her and she willingly laid back in his arms on the wharf in the sun. “Forget trying to catch that crab,” he said. Their legs entwined and she rested her face on his chest. He could hear her breathing, not so soft now as she grew excited with their closeness.
“I’ve never felt safe,” she said. “I want to feel safe. I always thought my father would not come back from one of his African oil trips or he would come back with someone else, perhaps another daughter, that he would leave my mother after spending all his time with those beautiful women in Paris and the other places where he travels.”
“Your mother is beautiful.”
“She told me over and over that she was not as pretty as the women that my father knows overseas and no matter how much I said to her, she wouldn’t believe me. After a while I began to agree with her, and the two of us would worry together. In a way I came to be closer to her after I agreed with her. On the other hand, I began to feel as unsafe as she did.”
“You think that’s what people do, that they only love themselves.”
“Not everyone, I hope.” She had looked into his eyes then.
“You want to marry a priest,” he tried to joke.
“No, not that either. You don’t understand about what a home is. You think of making money like my father, of that kind of success, while I think of having a home a place where I am welcome without having so much money, living just with the love and respect of the people around me.”
She hesitated when she spoke to him that day on the pier. She said, “I love you because I love my father. You’re like him, though. You gamble too.
“You have lots of money,” he had said. “You can buy a home anywhere.”
“Money does not do that, Jimmy. A real home is different,” she said, looking at the crab line and the circles of water around it as it washed in the tide.
She said, “Do you know that slave mothers lived on this farm only a few hundred feet from here. She pointed to a line of pine trees. Their houses were by those trees. They had their children and then they lost their children.”
“They did?” asked Tench.
“Their children were sold. So were their men. I knew I could never be brave like them, that I would have to have safety. I need to feel like the house would still be there when I come home, that my children would grow up in one place.”
“I grew up in one place,” he said, as if to tell her that it had not been any advantage to him.
“Yes, but you had no love. I couldn’t live that way either. A place that the children could love, that would give them something.”
“Every place has its bad side.”
She said, “I could keep on looking for a place that was safe.”
“When you find a perfect place, you might be too old.”
“Yes,” she said, “That’s the chance of all of it.”
“You want a nest.”
“Like an animal, yes,” she said.
“To have your babies.”
“If I have babies.”
“Are you going to have babies?”
“I’m not sure. I may not be able to share what little security I have. I’m not brave, Jimmy.”
“If you were with me, would you be brave?”
“Like I say, you’d have to be less like my father.”
“You’d want to live with a failure? How could you be brave then?”
“You don’t understand, Jimmy. Making money is not the answer. All you end up doing is supporting others. You don’t really do anything for yourself, just help a lot of others with the money you make. It takes a lot out of you too, worrying about losing it. I know what has happened to my father. He collects his cars, the only thing that makes him happy anymore. All the money does not. People just want him to give it to them for their own happiness.
“I must go,” she had said. She had walked away from his arms that day, moving back to the big house, moving on to Texas, her bare feet making little padding noises as she stepped carefully on the old wood of their once special garden place. 

Chapter Fourteen
8PM Friday August 20 


“Mister Tench, you please come to my house right away,” Smote’s wife said on the telephone, her emotion evident. Her voice drifted in and out and he knew her hand was shaking as she moved the receiver. He could sense the muffling of her words as she spoke through tears.
“What happened?” Tench asked, speaking softly, trying to calm her. “Where’s Smote?”
“I tell you when you come,” she said, followed by sobs. Children’s voices cried out for attention, excited in the background, sounding aware of some trouble in their home.
He asked, “Is Smote there? Has something happened to him?”
“You come over, Mister Tench. Right now.”
“Of course, I’ll be there,” he said. She stopped sobbing and he heard her speaking to her children who were probably next to the phone, reassuring them in a low motherly voice. Then the phone clicked off.
He paused, not knowing how to reach Smote. He’d go to the house, then find Smote.
Smote’s wife was not one to get excited easily. Smote had met his wife, Silla, as a childhood friend when he was living in Ecuador with his natural father. When his father was killed sabotaging a government airplane, Smote came north at the request of Captain Bob to continue his schooling. Money had to be paid, a lot of it, to get Smote away from the Ecuador police. Silla stayed behind. Then six years ago she came north also, lived in Baltimore for a few months and the two got back together. Then they were married. The first child, a girl, Barbie, was named after Silla’s love of the little dolls of the same name. The second, another girl, Jazz, was named for Smote’s love of blues music.
As he entered the yard of Captain Bob’s house, the two children were playing on the front porch. Silla had calmed then down. Barbie waved hello to him with “Hi, Uncle Tench.” He leaned down and gave both of them hugs. Their mother came to the door, wringing her hands, her eyes glancing around the yard as if she were afraid of who might be following Tench.
“He’s gone,” she said.
Tench face fell. “Gone where?” but he knew as he asked. Smote was never one to wait around. He should have known he would do this. He went to the farm expecting Tench to catch up later.
She led him to the back porch, out of the hearing of the children and pointed to the mooring. The Emmy was not there.
“I’ll find him,” Tench said as he took her in his arms and comforted her.
“When did he leave?”
“Two hours,” she said.
Tench had a sixteen foot aluminum rowboat that had come with his rental house. The owner allowed him to use it for fishing and as such Tench kept two spinning rods and a tackle box aboard. The boat would make a good disguise to run along the fenced area of Strake’s farm and see if he could spot Smote and the Emmy. 
The sun was almost down when he reached the small pier jutting out into the reeds. The darkness was already evident in the large number of shadows on the small creek. The green Johnson engine was old but he was able to get it going this time with only a few pulls. He noticed the oil skim that immediately flowed to the surface among the seaweed and wondered if the machine would run long enough to get to the Island. 
The night came on fast. The harbor was to his right. He saw the house lights of River Sunday and the many mooring blinkers of the anchored yachts. Silla must be standing on her porch among those houses, looking out at the water wondering where her husband was. She was praying Smote was not dead from the hands of another evil just as bad as the ones she had grown up with in her native country.
The air remained warm from the day’s heat as he passed the northern side of the harbor and arrived at the mouth of the Nanticoke. He took off his tee shirt and felt the breeze full across his chest. The coolness mixed with spray from the bow of the runabout hitting the Bay combers. He sat on the stern thwart of the little boat, his hand on the tiller of the outboard. The engine struggled, running hot with an occasional abrupt sputter. It paused, and then caught and revved up. Overheated water came out of the ancient engine’s cooling duct, the two aluminum cylinders walls of power the only chance that Tench would get to Smote tonight. 
The thoughts of Julie kept him going. In the old days when they were first friends, he remembered how she had worked with Katy in the garage. She was almost eighteen years old and she was Katy’s pal. Katy was twelve years old, the two of them teaching each other about cars and engines. They promised each other and Tench to build a great machine when they both grew up and became the first women in cars. Katy’s father would look on approvingly at Katy, the little girl with grease on her face and her hands full of socket wrenches. Both of them would swarm over Tench’s hot rod car and help him with the flathead, go to the drag races and watch with him as they learned how to race.
He felt the growing puddle of water around his toes and knew the leaks in the aluminum boat were getting worse. The pounding by the waves was not good for a craft like this especially one with so many improper patches along her seams. Captain Bob, on seeing this boat one time at his home, said simply, “You owe it to her to haul her and give her a real going over. Not fair to the boat, boy, to run her like that. She’ll get even with you too come a good sized blow.”
Few lights were on at the Strake mansion. He could not see if anyone were on the porch. Further on, past the mansion and the yacht anchorage, he found the Emmy in the night dimness. She was rocking at a mooring close to shore, her bow high in the air. The boat was deserted. He tied up and went aboard. The engine was still warm. Smote had left her only a little while ago.
He shipped the outboard engine and hid the boat in the cornfield at the top of the short bank above the beach. The boat was easy to pull back down to the water and ready for his escape. Suddenly he heard voices in the darkness. A small light went on. A guard was sitting in the garden house about two hundred feet ahead. A large machine gun protruded in front of the guard. Another light went on and illuminated the big yacht. The voices came from more African guards carrying cartons into the boat.
An engine roared and two small lights came to life on the field above him. They were the guide beams of a bulldozer crawling forward, its lights bouncing back and forth across the lawn of the mansion. The lights seemed to rock upward and then race down as the machine attempted to smooth out the bumps of the field. It ran at night, Tench reasoned, because Stagmatter was hiding something. Now the distant porch lanterns in the mansion were turned up brighter and a barn light flickered on near the museum.
The bulldozer came to a stop at the side of the field a few hundred feet from Tench’s hiding place. Then, Tench heard a sudden roar as though the world were erupting and swallowing him into its bowels. A plane, its landing lights arcing ahead of it, and its engines throttling down, had come up behind him, its noise slightly behind its approach so that the wave of sound forcefully hit Tench by surprise. If it had been a fist, it would have thrusted him down into the sand. The plane, a twin engine Aero Commander, went over his head, so close that he could see the glare reflecting from tiny heads of fasteners in the metal underbody. The wheels of the landing gear were spinning only a few feet above him, ready to touch the grass ahead. Spray driven in from the shallows nearby kicked up around his head, temporarily blinding him with the saltiness, as it thrashed at his face.
Then he could see again. The plane landed and moved up the lawn and past the bulldozer. A porch light searched out toward the plane from the mansion. The plane ran along the lawn to a distance halfway to the house before coming to a complete halt. The lawn had been made into a landing strip.
A door of the airplane opened and its interior lights spread a glow of light out on the nearby grass. Shadows traced up and down as the light was broken by a tall figure in a military uniform climbing out. He had to stoop to exit the plane through the small steel portal. The light bounced off bright metal insignia fastened to his clothes. When the figure had fully exited the aircraft, the lights were switched off. Then the door to Stagmatter’s office in the museum opened. In the new light Tench could see the visitor carried flat document package. After the tall figure entered Stagmatter’s door, it closed and the landing area grew dark again. 
Minutes went by, than a half hour, and finally the office door opened and the man came out without the package. With his uniform buttons still flashing in the glow of the airplane’s landing lights, the man entered the airplane again.
Its engines were turned up and the plane turned around. It revved up and quickly moved back toward the spot where Tench was hiding. He crouched further into the brush as the plane began its takeoff. Its headlights flashed over Tench’s spot illuminating it so brightly, he feared he would be spotted. It roared over him, so close that he could see the oil streaks on the underbody of the engines. Then the plane was aloft and roaring out over the Bay until it was gone. Quiet came back over the farm. 
Tench tried again to uncover the tunnel entrance. He worked from the crest of the bank down to the beach in a top to bottom method of searching. He was on his knees his body being constantly scratched by the briars and brush, feeling his way. His hands often scared up small creatures and birds whose noise caused him to freeze for moments hoping that the guards did not heard any commotion and come looking for its cause. 

Chapter Fifteen
10 PM Friday August 20 

Tench felt his hand go into space behind some brush. Reaching further and touching nothing but air, he knew it had to be the opening to the tunnel. He felt the sand and discovered it had footprints. Whether these were tracks made by the Captain, his captors or he did not know from his exploration.
He stepped further into the emptiness. More clods of dirt and sand interspersed with bushes and roots were beneath his bare feet. He discovered that the tunnel entrance was framed in what was left of a brick archway. Within it was the timbering of a doorway and broken panels of a wooden door. A shiny new lock still in its hasp was attached to the side of the door with part of the frame timber still secured where it had been split off. Beside it was a rubber waterman’s boot. At last he knew what had happened to the Captain. He’d been found here by the guards and the boot had fallen off his foot as he was dragged away
Tench looked behind him at the Chesapeake Bay. Nothing moved on its placid water, slightly lit by starlight. Far out on the Bay he could see the freighters and tankers moving to and from Baltimore as they navigated the ship channels. To the south he saw only the yacht lights and the workmen. In the surrounding brush he listened and could ascertain no movement of guards. He entered the tunnel to follow Smote.
In the blackness he felt his way with his outstretched hands and fingers. He smelled the musty stench of old plaster walls while his feet touched what remained of a buckled brick floor. As he went further the tunnel dimensions were larger and he found he could stand without trouble. He stepped forward for ten minutes until by his estimate he had travelled half of the way up towards the mansion. The tunnel also angled to his right. He was getting close to the open area with the new runway. Then his hands came to a pile of tumbled sand and stones.
He turned on his flashlight, careful to shield the beam with his hand so that the light went forward in a small one foot circle. The pile of rubble was sloped from the top towards his feet. Also he could make out the patches of white plaster covering sections of the walls. In other sections that covering had worn off and brick siding was exposed. On the curved white plaster surface of the tunnel ceiling, one part had fallen making this pile of rubble. Beside it on the unbroken wall of what was still white or yellowed white plaster, he saw clumsy marks, made with black soot that had stayed on the white. The marks were words written by someone who did not have the letters correct as some figures were written backwards. He read the words.

“Follow the star in the north. 
That the star of Jesus. 
Abner Swan, March 1857, 
North Carolina.”

He wondered what happened to that person, probably a runaway slave, who had hid in this tunnel while waiting for his next guide to the north and freedom. He wondered if the man had been alone, or if the man was with his family. He wondered if his children had been spread all over the state of North Carolina as they were traded by the slave owner, and wondered if the black man was sick and if he was warm. March had always been a cold month in the River Sunday area. He looked down at his own bare feet. He suspected the fleeing man was probably barefoot too. Ironic. The man had been leaving a crime site while Tench was entering one. 
He felt the earth tremble as the tractor traveled on its path across the land. The pilot of the Aero Commander must have reported rough spots in the new runway that needed to be fixed before the plane could return. The noise grew as the machine approached and when it was at its nearest to Tench, he could hear its treads brake to begin to turn to the other side of the field. He felt dust falling from the ceiling of the tunnel. Then, lights flickered on the wall of the tunnel ahead. He moved forward slowly and felt the outside hot air touch his face. Behind him, shouts started up from the shoreline. He moved faster. It sounded like they had found Smote’s boat, the Emmy. Now they would know that someone was on the property, someone who was not welcome. Perhaps they already knew this or perhaps they had already captured Smote. He was glad he had put his own boat further away up the shore.
Then, his hands, outstretched in the dark in front of him, touched the texture of wooden planks. He had come up against a door, solidly built into a frame of heavy timbers. He risked his flashlight for a moment. A snake uncoiled and dropped from a small candle shelf built into the plaster beside the door. The animal slithered across his bare left foot, inching its way into the darkness behind Tench.
He scanned to the side of the door for a handle and found instead a large metal bolt. He could tell that the bolt was pulled back. He turned off the light and pushed on the door. It moved inward with a squeak of its ancient blacksmith hinges. He slowed his movement and waited then inched the door open more. He heard nothing from inside. He touched more brick on the sides of the inner wall. He was standing inside the great chimney foundation arches that he and Julie had explored long ago. The door was part of the wooden closet walls. It was so well fitted into the woodwork that they had never discovered it.
He pushed the door further and moved inside into the cellar room. He heard voices. They were close to where he stood. Then they were silent as if the speakers had suddenly discovered he was near. 

Chapter Sixteen 
Midnight, Friday August 20

Tench carefully pushed the slatted door further inward on its iron hinges, the old wood brushing the crumbling handmade bricks of the chimney arch. Ahead of him, the grated windows along the walls of the cellar let in a tiny glare of light from the back of the house, perhaps from the porch above. Inside what was a cellar room under the mansion, Tench could see irregular shapes in the dim space. The air of the cellar was different than that of the tunnel; the moist earth scents of the passage were replaced with dry musty dust and a sweet perfume.
The builders long ago had placed the mansion on a slope to allow them to put the cellar into the hill, making what might be called today a split level. As such, the cellar was cool in the summer and a good place to hide from adults, a use to which he and Julie had often put the place. The draped furniture and shelves of pots and trash cluttered the large open space as before. Above him he could feel the ceiling of the room, transverse timbers some with the bark still on them from when they were hewn by slave labor from local forests where Native Americans had once hunted, flakes of whitewash coatings applied long ago by plantation blacks, painted to the rough wood. These flakes came loose as he stirred the air currents and they tumbled on him with every motion of his body. Cobwebs hung distorted, brushing and sticking to his sweat covered skin as he moved forward, the traps of spiders already broken by Smote’s trip through here in advance of Tench. Tench’s bare skin absorbed what he thought were thousands of tiny legs of insects scurrying for safety. In the blackness ahead of him as he stepped forward, he heard the movement of mice and rats as they watched him from their hidden burrows, long ago dug through the walls.
The sweet perfume was from a wad of Smote’s chewing gum stuck on the door where he could see it. Smote’d give a broad grin when he opened his first stick of the day and then chew the same piece for hours. Smote claimed proudly that his taste for that gum came from his Ecuadorian culture. The odor certainly marked him as different, and whether the smell added to the local people’s disdain for his friend, Tench did not know for sure.
The fact that this door was loose, probably broken, the disrupted boxes that were carelessly moved aside in front of him, making a path through the careful stacked order of the storage, were also proof of Smote’s travel. The signs were his signs, describing the kind of impatient and careless man he was in the dark, a man who smashed his way into places moving cartons aggressively like this, the spider webs ripped and left distended, broken, and already under repair by the many spiders Tench could spot, the dust still whirling in the air. A farm employee or a guard, his path well lighted probably with his flashlight, would have, of necessity and duty, moved with more care around his workplace, out of respect for the owner.
During that summer he and Julie had learned the map of the whole cellar, had known the places of all the chairs and boxes, had explored all the hiding spots where they could not be seen by intruders, whether house servants, Marengo, or her parents. One rain filled day he was with her and the house was empty. They had come down here from the central hallway upstairs, down a torturous winding stairway that was surrounded with old plaster walls and alcoves that held the first electric lights, put in by someone about 1900 who was replacing the ancient candles that had lighted the way down for centuries. Even then the place reeked of mildew and wet as well as the dead carcasses of various rodents caught and dying in isolation, perhaps killed by traps before they could return to the outside free air.
He remembered touching the firmness of her breasts, as she lifted them from the top covering of her swimsuit, so perfect in his hands, breasts he had not seen or touched the like of since or before. As he reached the sofa, he knew she had not been here for all those intervening years. The imaginary scent moved from his mind as the reality of the dank mildew reached his nostrils.
He moved the garden door open slowly, careful to avoid squeaks from the ancient iron strap hinges that held its half rotten timbers. As the door opened Tench was reminded of the net over the hole in the tunnel and of the brutal death of Captain Bob as he felt the night air on his face. The fresh air tumbled into the interior of the cellar, the dust swirling up around him so much that he motioned his hand over his nose to avoid sneezing. Far out in front of him he smelled the boxwood and beyond that the chlorine water of the swimming pool.
That’s when he heard the voices. The mansion had a long porch, screened against evening insects, filled with chairs and rockers from the days when the aristocratic former owners, the Terments, had held their big parties. He and Julie had sat there many nights listening to her father’s stories of Africa. However, the voices tonight were not those of Strake and Julie. He brushed the cobwebs from his bare legs and chest and sat back against the brick wall of the porch underpinnings as he listened.
“Washington!” someone said forcefully, a voice that he recognized as that of Stagmatter. It was spoken as if he were toasting the city.
“Washington!” he heard Doctor Owerri say next.
Tench heard the stretching of a metal spring, the kind that mounted on a screen door to insure the door closed back to the door frame. Clacking footsteps moved across the porch floor above Tench, the noise of Doctor Owerri’s sandals pressing down on the porch floor and making the loose boards squeak.
Tench recognized Stagmatter’s gruffness. “The radar picked him up two weeks ago and warned him to change his flight plan. This time, he flew lower on a slightly different course coming in, and received no warning. He wasn’t seen. It’s a bit of luck, finding out about this air show for the old aircraft. Just at the right time.”
As Doctor Owerri sat down he could hear the rustle of a cloth seat cushion. “You’re sure he can be trusted?” she asked. “After all, he is one of their soldiers.”
Stagmatter replied, “His family were murdered like mine. His grandfather and great uncle were killed by the Communists. He can be trusted.”
She said, “This farm is getting unsafe. The men found signs of yet another infiltrator.”
“We took care of the first one. We’ll take care of this one too. We should have shot at some more children. That was the best warning we ever did. A lot more effective than posting signs,” said Stagmatter.
“That did keep them away,” she said. Her English was more clipped, more professional than that of the old African he was used to hearing, the soft voice of Marengo. This voice was that of a manager, of someone who was in charge.
“We only need a few more hours,” said Stagmatter. Tench could hear him shifting in his chair.
“Yes, my German friend,” she said.
“We are not friends. I told you that when we started,” said Stagmatter. “I have no friends.”
“I remember,” she said “We have come a long successful way from our first meetings at the camp in that jungle, surrounded by dead and dying fighters.
Stagmatter drank his beer. He could hear him savoring it and then tapping the bottle on the table or on a chair arm.
“We have,” he agreed.
She said, “We are strong so we will win, it is that simple. That night in the darkness, hiding our tiny lights from the enemy around us, I remember telling you the same thing even though we were surrounded with so many guns. Yet we escaped as I said we would.”
Stagmatter tapped his beer bottle again. “You spoke the truth. That is why I can work with you. We share the hatred.”
Tench heard Doctor Owerri’s voice as she added, “The weapon is surprise and fire, far more powerful than thousands of bullets. Our only need of guns may be to kill these hostages.”
He heard Owerri laugh, a high pitched sound. “The fools. The smoke bomb. That got us the publicity I wanted without bullets. ”
Stagmatter said, “Yes, you will be on the network talk shows next week. You’re your book is selling very well. Not killing anyone was a stroke of genius.”
“If we had killed, the investigators might have found this farm. Now all they do is read my book.”
The conspirators, sitting above him on the summer porch, continued laughing or what passed for laughing. Stagmatter was not able to do much more than chortle with grunts and Owerri sounded like she was a screaming hyena yelping at the leftovers of other animals.
Tench heard a canned drink being opened.
“You should drink some beer before you fly,” Owerri said.
“I don’t need that. The thought of bringing death keeps me going,” said Stagmatter.
“Washington!” said Owerri.
They clinked their glasses and beer cans.
“I understand. You have waited so long,” Stagmatter said.
“The yacht is prepared to leave,” a new voice said, a heavy voice that sounded like the way he had heard the African mechanics speak English. They spoke as if they were partly saying the words in their own dialect.
Laughter broke out. “The gasoline has been loaded?” she asked.
“It is almost completed. The men have thought of everything,” said Stagmatter.
“They are good workers.”
“I am glad the famous Snake approves and that we were able to serve your purpose,” Stagmatter said. “They have been with me for a long time.”
“Yes,” she said. “The whites are so afraid of snakes, aren’t they?”
More laughter. “The people here are as easy to kill as the ones at home,” said Stagmatter.
“Your home or mine?”
“Africa,” said Stagmatter.
“When do we depart?” the mechanic asked. He was apparently waiting for further orders.
“We will leave on schedule,” said Stagmatter, looking at his watch.
A realization of what he was hearing suddenly came to him, Tench stood up straight. That motion almost caused him to hit his head on the frame of the cellar doorway. He stopped, not willing to think of the horror that these people must be planning. The people in Annapolis or Washington were going to get a terrible surprise attack, from a boat in the river near their cities. This must be what they called Black-eyed Susan, the code name for their plot. If it was going to take place in hours, as they said, he and Smote were the only persons who stood a chance to prevent it. That is, they could if he could find Smote or free him and get him to help.
“Try this wine as a better celebration of our success than common beer. It’s a simple country wine, made here in River Sunday. Not as good as the ones we know.”
“All right,” said Stagmatter.
Tench could hear the liquid being poured.
“I must admit when you first came to me,” said Owerri, “I thought the plan was an impossible dream.”
“Why did you support me?”
“You had the same look in your eyes as I, the desire to kill the enemy, and that was worth the support,” said Doctor Owerri. Her voice was as steady as when she spoke to the United Nations, but now Tench realized it was also as steady as if she were looking down the barrel of a rifle ready to kill. Snake was a good name for her. 


Chapter Seventeen
1 AM Saturday August 21

The night air was warm and humid causing sweat to trickle down Tench’s face and neck. He was not afraid although he surprised himself that he wasn’t. After all, these Africans meant business and had guns. Tench knew his life wasn’t worth anything if they caught him.
The boxwood garden grew out for the mansion about one hundred yards on an uplifted plateau of grass covered ground. It was built centuries ago to look like the raised gardens in English country estates. Tench rested at the bottom of the plants, looking out over the pool toward the long lawn. Below him halfway down the open space from the mansion to the shoreline, the bulldozer lights had come on again. The machine seemed to be going back and forth over the lawn but did not appear to be pushing up dirt, instead the blade was lifted in front and stayed up as the tractor moved. As he watched the machine began another trek directly across the lawn. He was leveling, Tench thought, leveling the rough spots with the weight of the treads. The noise was muted not only by distance but by the grass and the treelines on both sides of the great field.
He turned his face and looked upward behind him at the mansion. The porch was still in darkness and quiet with only the tinkle of glasses from time to time. He knew they were still there. He moved slowly. To the right of the porch he saw the large steel building where the cars were stored. Here a light was on in a second floor window and he could see figures moving behind the window panes.
He went out of his cover and into the courtyard. Between the mansion and the car barn was the open space that he had seen when he arrived to collect the invoice from Stagmatter. Here had been parked the gasoline tank trucks. The space was dark now, stretching as before about two hundred yards between the house and the barn. The ground was level with no bushes or trees. He paused as he smelled the spilled gasoline near the underground filler pipes. Smiley had been right. This was a lot of fuel for a farm, even a farm with an automobile museum.
He inched around the mansion moving slowly to avoid detection by the men on the porch or by any guards who might be patrolling in the darkness in front of him. He passed the side door to the mansion and then low brush from a side garden. He reached the open back yard, and moved out from the mansion and the car building toward the back structure.
When he got to the far building he realized that the light was coming from a single crack in one of the upper windows on the façade. All the other windows across the top were covered tightly with plywood and showed no light. Across the bottom were great sliding doors that were sealed so that nothing could be seen inside.
He looked around to find something to get higher so he could look in through the crack. To his left lying on the ground was a wooden rung ladder. He went to the ladder noticing that it smelled of gasoline. He brought it to the side of the barn and after looking around again and seeing he was still alone, climbed to the crack. Inside he saw a partition which came down to the floor from a point just short of the ceiling. He could see nothing over the top as he was not high enough at his perch. He could see along the front wall and the back of the sliding doors that opened along the front. They slid from side to side on rails in the flooring. Also he could see the bodies of two large Ford four wheel drive pickup trucks with cable winches mounted in their beds and cables stretching behind them to something that he could not see. They looked as if they were ready to haul something large forward and out the doors.
He came down from the ladder and carefully put it back in its former position along the bottom of the wall. At that moment he heard voices inside the barn and knew he had to get out of sight if someone came outside. He moved to the side of the building where heavy growths of weeds existed growing up against the corrugated steel panels, some of the fronds as high as his shoulders. He crouched down at the far corner looking down the back and the side and listened. He heard nothing.
At the back of the building he noticed a door that had been propped open. The small amount of light that came out on the ground illuminated stacks of empty paint cans that gave off the odor of airplane dope, the kind used to seal fabric over wings and to coat metal struts. He recognized the smell because he had experimented with it as a coating on his car surfaces. He got up from his hiding place and carefully moved along the wall to the doorway, the bare skin of his back rubbing against the vines that were growing high up the walls.
Inside the door he saw a corridor flanked on both sides by partitions that reached to a low ceiling, one of them probably the same one that he had seen from the front of the building. A single light hung on a wire and moths were attacking it, casting shadows on the walls. At the end was another door and this one was also ajar. Still standing outside Tench heard footsteps, and a door creaked open behind the partition on his right. The footsteps disappeared as the other door then slammed shut with a metallic clang.
He listened but heard nothing. He slipped inside. The smooth concrete floor felt cool on the soles of his bare feet after walking on the gravel outside. He moved quietly down the corridor toward the door. Then through the rack of the open door he saw the girders of the shed roof fifty or so feet above, their struts making shadows against the inside of the corrugated steel roof from the suspended lights between them.
From where he stood, the plane, painted a desert tan color, stretched out in front of him. To the rear were the rudders, great oval shapes with wide stripes of white paint across their breadth and several small numbers in black paint above, most of them faded beyond recognition. He approached the fuselage, towards the white star of the World War Two American forces and to steel steps that went up inside the open bomb bay doors. Then looking up at the nose side of the great machine above him, he saw its name written in flowing letters on the metal skin and realized what was happening.
In front of him were painted in white the words Black-eyed Susan and beside them the drawing of a flower with a black hub and yellow petals.
“My God,” he said to himself, and stood back, fear running through his body. He could only think of Annapolis forty miles by air from here, an antique air show for disguise, and the flight of a bomber capable of carrying God knows what kinds of bombs in the hands of these fanatics. This bomber was not too antique, too old, to carry enough bombs to kill a lot of people. Just like Smiley’s old Civil War handgun, it could kill. Black-eyed Susan, the ultimate aircraft name, once part of the colorful nose art of thousands of planes in the late war. Only this name would be more infamous, killing hundreds of innocent people in the city and suburbs of western Maryland. A glimmer of the irony hit him as he remembered a long ago lecture of his grammar school teacher about the beauty of the Maryland state flower.
As he looked upward at the big airplane he realized another fact. This machine looked like it was ready to fly.
Gasoline fumes were in the air. Strong fumes as if the old plane had a leak or was overfilled. He saw the stains of recently spilled fuel on the concrete floor of the hanger. The plane had been recently filled but strangely the spots were under the fuselage bomb bay not under the engines.
He decided to go aboard and see what the plane was carrying if anything. Two entrances existed. One was at the tail of the plane and consisted of a metal ladder going up into a small trap door in the body. The other was underneath the belly of the warplane where the whole bottom of the plane was open. This was also a metal ladder. He chose this one and climbed into the fuselage through what must have been the bomb bay. Its doors which were drawn up on tracks at the sides of the fuselage.
Inside, in front of him on both sides of the plane were huge rubber tanks, the flexible kind, used for ferrying large quantities of liquids. As he drew closer to them he realized these were the sources of the fuel smell. He counted the tanks. Four. They were only partly filled. He thought about the trucks that had delivered gasoline. That was what they were doing, the drivers probably completely unaware that they were providing this explosive for such a terrible goal. All that had to be done was to finish filling these tanks, get the aircraft in the air on the prearranged flight plan and target the unsuspecting people on the other side of the Chesapeake Bay.
In the front cockpit Tench could see the instruments and the seats for the pilots. He moved in that direction. The little bit of light coming in from outside the old bomber did not allow him to see much around him. The rubber tanks rubbed against his body, the wet fuel smearing on his skin.
That was when he tripped on a filler pipe left on the deck of the plane. As he fell forward on his face, he heard Smote’s voice in the darkness.
“Move and I’ll cut your throat.”
Tench turned his head slightly, and said,” Smote, it’s me.”
Smote came forward into the dim light. He had a smile on his face as he put his knife back in his waist belt.
“What a hell of a mess,” Tench said to his friend as he climbed to his feet.
Smote reached for a fresh stick of gum from his pants pocket. “Want a piece?” he asked in a calm voice.
Tench said, “Have you figured out where they are keeping Julie? 
Smote shook his head. He said, “We’ll look for her. First, Let me show you this stuff they have in here.”
“They are going to bomb Washington or Annapolis with this airplane,” said Tench. He related the conversation he had overheard.
“I figured it was something like that. My grandfather must have seen them preparing this plane. That’s why they killed him.” He grinned. “I get them back now.”
“You sound like you know something about these planes,” said Tench.
Smote whispered, “My father he worked on one just like this in Ecuador, part of the air force. The government had some of these bombers that they got from the United States and they flew them against the guerillas. My father was one of the mechanics but he had the politics too. He tried to wreck one. That was why they killed him. They found out he had caused the crash of one of the planes.”
Tench said, “I’m sorry about your father.” He put his hand on Smote’s shoulder. “These bad people are all the same, aren’t they? How can we wreck this thing?”
“I used to go with him to the airport and sit with him in the plane while he worked. He taught me some things, Jimmy. Maybe this time I get someone back.”
Tench kept his hand on his friend’s shoulder. 
Smote said, “I know some tricks. My old man maybe will be happy I get back for him.”
Tench looked at a metal navigator desk with papers on top of it. One of the papers was the advertisement for the National Antique Aircraft Show, Andrews Air Force Base August 21. He quickly calculated. The plane’s fuel load must be several thousand gallons. Then the bomb load with another several thousand pounds of gasoline.
At least as much as the amount carried by the new jet liners, the ones the terrorist had used elsewhere.
He said to Smote, “This bomber has enough gas stored on it to make a very big fire. Even if the plane was taken out by fighters, its explosion would be near enough to the ground to burn thousands of people to death, enough to create a massive victory for the terror image that these maniacs want to create.
“On top of that the plane only has to go across the Chesapeake to reach populated areas. A flight of only minutes. Nothing could be launched quickly enough to stop the plane. It will be flying so low over the water, I’m not sure it will be an easy feat to spot even for the most advanced radars.”
“They did their homework,” said Smote.
“Yeah,” said Tench. “Low flight, short distance and plenty of gasoline. A highly populated area. All the ingredients for a massive statement for their sick philosophy.”
A radio started up. The sound of drums and reggae music floated through the hot air. Over at the side of the hanger, a door closed. Tench heard voices. He and Smote scrambled down the bomb bay ladder and ducked behind a large wheeled generator that was parked in the shadows near the plane.
Two men walked into the light. They were Africans, tall, well-built men dressed in tan coveralls that were open at the neck in the heat. One of the men, blacker in skin tone than the other, had a beard. They were talking in a language that Tench did not recognize although he heard some French words in the midst of the others he did not know. He recognized the curses. Then one switched to English.
“We got to finish preparing the fucking thing,” he said, stamping his foot on the concrete for emphasis.
“I still say he’d be better to use the boat with a big bomb. Why use this old plane, that’s what I say.”
“You be quiet, fool.”
The men went outside again. Tench heard chains being pulled from latches.
“They’re getting ready to open the sliding doors,” said Smote.
“Whatever’s going to happen, it’s going to be soon,” said Tench. “You think your grandfather saw all this?”
“He saw something. They killed him because of that. I’m sure of it. The bastards,” said Smote. He looked at the plane. 

“We have to get out of here before they spot us. I’ve got to find Julie. I want to know if she was involved in this,” said Tench.
“She had to know,” said Smote. “Can’t hide this plane that much, not from somebody living here.”
“I just can’t see her mixed up with these guys. “
“Too late. She is involved,” said Smote.
“I’m going to visit the house and find her.”
Smote said, “You’ll never get in there. We got to do something else and we got to do it now. No time to get help. We’ll have to do something ourselves.”
“You can’t fight those guys by yourself,” said Tench.
He looked at Tench. “You watch me.”
“I’ll help you,” said Tench.
“You go find your girl.”
“I’ll help you and then we’ll both go.”
“I’ll meet you outside in a few minutes,” Smote said firmly, as he climbed back into the bomber.
Tench hesitated for a moment, then realized that Smote had made up his mind and moved slowly away from the generator toward the door he had come in. In a few moments, he went out the back door and was in the night again. As he came around the building, he could hear the bulldozer start again, the diesel rumbling far off down the field. He watched the machine’s lights as it lumbered toward the house.
The garage doors were halfway open and Tench could see the nose of the big airplane in the light of the hanger. From his perspective the machine looked very large and very powerful.
Smote came up behind him so quietly he did not hear him. He only knew he was there when Smote touched his arm, making his hair rise. 
“Ready?” he asked.
“Yeah, as soon as I get my heart back under control. You scared the hell out of me,” Tench said.
“I give them a free present,” he said, nodding his head toward the plane.
Tench explained what he was going to do. “First we’ll find Julie and her father and see if they are on our side. Then we’ll get to Marengo and he’ll help us get away. He’s a good friend.”
“Maybe you not trust that old man, Tench,” said Smote.
“He can’t be with them. He just can’t be,” said Tench. “He’s just trying to get along with them and help the Strakes, that’s all. I know him too well.”
They managed to get to the cellar door without being noticed. The porch above was deserted. The mansion itself was dark except for some hall lights inside.
As they passed by the worn sofa in the middle of the cellar floor, Tench stopped and touched the dusty fabric. Warm thoughts came to him once more as he remembered Julie. Then he went forward again, feeling his way in the darkness until he and Smote reached the stairway to the first floor hallway.
He opened the tiny colonial door slowly, peeking around the slit of light that came on to the stairway from outside. No one was in the hall on the first floor. He motioned to Smote and they stepped out into the light. The hallway was lit by a single small bulb set into an alcove on the far side of the room. Around him in the dimness were oil paintings of the Terments, the former owners of the mansion. Strake had told him once that they were priceless portraits, a good investment for him, and that he liked looking at them as if he was the successor to such a group of distinguished patriarchs. One he particularly liked showing to Tench was the oil of the first owner, a member of the first Maryland government. The man was clad in a robe sitting in a wooden chair in the same corridor, the far garden door open to a summer scene, the man looking out on his garden which was full of color. To his left in the picture was a tall black woman holding a glass of wine, its ruby liquid stark against the small salver she held in her right hand, her face reserved. The artist had caught the fear in her eyes, while the man, Terment, seemed amused, his face showing blissful contentment, as he oversaw his property.
Tench knew where the servant stairway was located and moved to that section of the room. Behind a wing chair, he pried open another small door and stepped into the narrow twisting set of stairs heading to the corridor which held Julie’s bedroom.
At the top of the stairs, he looked out and saw a guard asleep at the far end of the passageway, his body tipped back on a small stool, on his lap a machinegun. He and Smote moved slowly ahead, their eyes constantly on the guard’s face. First to his right was Strake’s bedroom. The door was slightly ajar and as Tench moved by he glanced in.
Strake sat there, his eyes open and staring ahead, his body seated at a desk where papers were stacked. His hands were on the desk but did not move. He did not see Tench, and while he was breathing and awake, seemed incapable of hearing or seeing anything.
For a few seconds Tench’s mind remembered the man, his presence when Tench first met him, the tough freewheeling person that greeted him and the other baseball players at the mansion. This man was no longer the old Strake.
“You fellows come in and make yourself at home,” he had said. “This is a baseball house, yessir. “He’d ordered Marengo who was there at the side of the room standing with Mrs. Strake, both of them bent forward with a desire to honor the winning team.
Strake had said “Get them what they want to drink. Boys, plenty of food too.” Strake swept his hand backward toward the tables resplendent with sandwiches and bottles of Nehi Cola and Coke. 
Next and to the left facing the front of the mansion was Julie’s room. The guard, was a tough looking man with a mustache on his dark face, his shirt open at the throat revealing his large chest, which rose and fell with his sleep induced slow breathing. The gun moved slightly on his lap as he shifted his position slightly. Tench watched the man’s eyes as he crawled down the corridor to Julie’s door. He felt the small knife at his belt, next to his cell phone holster, and knew he would have to be ready to leap forward and kill the man if he woke up.
Tench motioned Smote to get out of sight in an adjoining room and to keep an eye on the guard. “Signal me if he moves,” Tench said and slowly opened her door.
Chapter Eighteen 
2 AM Saturday August 21

“Go away,” came a voice from the darkness that he recognized as Julie, harsher though than he had ever heard her speak, as if she were exhausted and tense.
“It’s Jimmy,” he whispered.
Tench heard her hesitate, then a bed squeaked, and he heard bare feet padding toward him and he saw her come into the light. At the same time as he reached for her, he smelled her perfume, the same scent of honeysuckle that he remembered from so long ago. His hands found her, felt the warmth of her naked body as she came into his arms. He could feel her rapid heartbeat, her arms circling him tightly in response.
Then she pulled him away from the door into the darkness. He could see her eyes sparkle with tears in the light from the hallway. He shut the door behind them. Even in the darkness with the slight glint from the open window of the bedroom, Julie looked beautiful. She returned to his arms, the closeness of her anything but malevolent. Holding her, he remembered a day long ago.
They had been lying on their back in the outboard that they had run out from the Strake pier and anchored down the shoreline out of sight of the mansion. She was in her swimsuit, lying back against the gunwale, her feet out in front of her, a can of beer in her lap. He was in his shorts, sitting up in the driver’s chair, his arms over the back of the seat, looking down on her.
The sun was hot on them, with no shade or awnings protecting them in the open runabout. She moved the beer well to her side and put it in a shelf on the side of the boat. Then she sat up and unsnapped the top of her swimsuit and let it fall to her waist. She looked at him, a smile on her lips, her eyes slightly amused and stretched her arms up towards him.
Then his mind was back to the present. He felt the exhausted woman in front of him. She was speaking, sobbing,
“Oh God, Jimmy, I prayed that you would understand why I had not called you. I prayed that you’d know something was wrong and come looking for me. I knew we can read each other’s minds. I knew that I could reach you by thinking about you.” The words came in a rush as she clasped him tightly to her.
He asked, “How did you get here?”
“The Africans. They came and took me by force in Texas, right outside my apartment, one night, I didn’t have a chance to escape to call for help. They brought me here in a small airplane several weeks ago. I had no chance to call you. “
She sobbed then said, “Thank God you are here.”
“Smote and I are going to get you out.” He knew her next words would tell him if she was involved in the conspiracy, knew anything about what Stagmatter and Owerri were doing, or even give him a clue as to whether her father was involved.
“Jimmy, you don’t know how much trouble you are in.” He could feel her hand reaching out to him, finding his arm, stroking it.
“Why didn’t you contact me in River Sunday and tell me about them?”
“They’ve been with me all the time and watched me every minute,” she said.
“How did your father ever let this happen? Is he in with them?”
“No. You don’t understand. They have captured me and my father, taken us hostages for whatever they are planning,” she said.
“Does this have anything to do with what happened to your sister?”
“I think so. I think her family’s death wasn’t’ an accident. They did it to scare my father and then they came after me. Hurt her to prove to me that they meant business. My mother too. They had to terrify my father in helping them. They threatened to kill me if he didn’t work for them.
“What about the bomber? What about Annapolis?”
“I don’t know about that. What bomber?” she said.
“You don’t know about the World War Two bomber parked in the car repair building? The thing is loaded with big flexible rubber tanks filled with extra gasoline. They plan to bomb Annapolis. They call it Black-eyed Susan. Have you ever heard that name?”
She shook her head. “I haven’t been out of this building except when they let me come down to the porch early in the m morning. I haven’t been allowed to see the cars or go in any of the buildings. My father can’t either. He doesn’t know anything.”
“I’m hoping that Marengo can help us get you and your father out of here,” Tench said. “He’s always been my friend.”
Her eyes grew big with fear.
“What is it?” he said.
Suddenly the door shook. Tench had made sure to lock the handle button when he came in and someone had expected the door to be open.
“Open for me.” He recognized the voice but somehow it was different. The voice was that of Marengo, but angry, a voice that Tench had never heard from the kindly old man before. He began to suspect that what Beets had overheard the other day was more of an insight into Marengo that Tench had thought. “You should not have locked the door,” Marengo said.
Julie motioned to him to hide and Tench moved into the closet. He watched, with the closet door open a small crack, his body ready to jump out if any harm was going to come to Julie.
“What is Stagmatter going to do with my father?” she said.
“He will be taken care of.” Marengo said.
Marengo looked around. “Why did you lock the door? What were you doing?” 
“I didn’t want that guard coming in here.” Then she said, angrily, “You are my father’s friend. Make Stagmatter stop what he is doing.”
“It’s too late for that. You do not understand, my little girl.”
“What don’t I understand?”
“Stagmatter is my friend too, little girl. Doctor Owerri too. She is of my tribe, my blood.”
Julie didn’t answer right away. She paused, then said, “I can’t believe you are with those people yet your actions toward me and my father have been evil in the last weeks. You won’t talk to me like in the past. You leave me with them. I think you are a traitor too, a traitor to my father. I have been trusting you and all the time you were working for them.” She put her face in her hands. Her shoulders shook.
“My goals are not those of your father, no.”
“You have taken advantage of my father,” she said.
“Let us say that your father may have been taken advantage of this time but he had done the same to others for most of his life.”
She looked up, anger in her face, and said, “My father is an honest man. He has always been good to you.”
“Honest?” he laughed. “That is not the word. In our culture we would call it forthright and clever and we would admire it except that his propensity to line his own pockets became so strong that none could say that any more. Honest, yes, but only to himself.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Believe as you would. This was a man who came to me with a proposition many years ago to serve him in making his profits. I joined your father then because it was only another step towards my goals. What did I care? He took from the same monsters that I had sworn to kill myself. To kill them or steal from them in this way was useful so I went along. “
“You were a thief?” Julie said, her voice soft as if she did not believe what she was saying.
“Let’s say I did only what your father did. He was a good teacher.” He sighed. “You are so American, little girl. Your father needed a group of men to carry out his foraging as he called it. I gave them to him. You do not know your father. This man was one of the greatest barterers, traders, that my country, indeed the west of Africa, had ever seen. He came to the area when he was young and made his fortune by being better at what the local men did than they could themselves.”
“He made you wealthy. I don’t understand what you have against him.”
“Your father managed money. He would have a client from outside the area who would want something, diamonds, oil, it mattered not. He would take this request to the proper source and arrange to deliver the goods using the client’s money. “
“Why couldn’t the client deal directly?”
“Your father had me to intercede for him. Let us say that the price directly would be too high, that the government might want more money, that the licenses were too expensive. “
“So how?”
“Simple. He’d take his commission. He’d buy the product, and make sure it went to the proper port. The government workers would get their share, far more than they got from their regular government salaries, and the client got his cargo at a lower price. Your father was an expert at corruption.”
“You got your money too. I don’t believe this. He had oil wells.”
“He never owned a well in his life. Didn’t need to. He needed only to know how others got oil, where the wells would be drilled and who needed money. Then he got his money out by being paid in products and exporting them himself. That’s why he got into the old cars. He hid most of his fortune in trading them. Most important no one can trace the money he has in the cars.”
“You lie.”
“Believe what you want. It makes no difference now. We turned the cars against him. I do know about the cars and I am using them to pay for far more than he ever knew.”
“You dare to sell my father’s cars,” she said, her eyes flashing.
“Let us say I use the money he stole which is inside the value of those cars, in his little bank here on this farm, so to speak, to finance better projects than his desire to live in luxury.”
“You have drugged him, made him unable to stop you.”
“Only enough to keep him alive and helpful in signing papers for us.”
“I despise you.”
“I’m sorry to hear that. I had some good times being your servant. Before I met your father I was young like you. My friends and I would meet in our village and talk about the money we got from the white visitors to the town, how these white men were friends of our families, how our fathers and uncles knew someone who knew someone who could get money from the whites. Like most Americans you still think like the colonials. You think that we will wait all these centuries until you think we are ready. We are ready now. What amazes me about you Americans is that you truly think that black Africans love to work for you, to take your orders and that you can’t conceive of your taking orders from us.”
“My father helped you and now you deceive him.”
“Your father gave me wages that were a tiny fraction of what he made from the oil concessions. He cheated me and my countrymen.”
“How can you say that? You were so much better off.”
“Spoken like a true American. If I had tried to live here on those wages I would not have survived. Yet he felt free to take home enough money to pay himself wages to live not there but here. Tell me that with all the riches he took from my country and the little that he paid us, that he could see any justice. He is a smart man. He knew that he was, how do you say, “taking us for a ride.”
Marengo went on. “He did not understand our language. Many times your father would smile in approval as I relayed messages from the guerillas to the chiefs, passed information preparing for the revolutionary fighting and the various civil wars, battles that eventually forced you father to flee the country. All the time he never knew what I was doing, just stood beside me and thanked me as I gave him money and prepared for his downfall in the future. That time has come.”
“All this time you have been with us in the United States, you have felt this way?”
“All this time I have aided my friend, the Snake, and others, to come into the country to use your father’s ill-gotten money to help our cause.” 
Marengo prepared to leave.
“Where are you going?”
“We will repay your father the same way he repaid others. He never gave anyone a chance so he will not have a chance either.”
“You are going to kill him?”
“You and he will have a chance to serve my country.” 
She shook her head. “He said you were the only man he ever trusted.”
“I make no such mistakes. I trust no one.”
“Not even your rotten companions?”
“No. Nor do they trust me. We live because we are an advantage to each other, that’s all. When we are no longer an advantage to each other, we will dispose of each other. I will do so first, that’s all.”
“I hope they kill you.”
Marengo smiled and opened the door to the hallway. As he left he switched off the bedroom light. When the door closed, the room was in blackness again. Tench waited as he listened to Marengo’s footsteps move away done the corridor.
Tench said, opening the closet door, “We have to get outside. Then Smote and I have to create a diversion so we can get to the police. Then we’ll come back and get your father. We’ll go out thru the tunnel and get back to my boat.”
“What tunnel?”
“Something that you and I could have used many years ago,” he said with a grin. “Come on, you’ll love it.”
She threw on her shorts and a top, screen printed with a large face of Minnie Mouse, and followed him outside, past the sleeping guard, walking on her toes. When they reached her father’s bedroom door, she stopped and looked at him for a moment, then she went on, her face firm.
Smote stepped out from the room at the end of the hall. They all turned to look at the guard one last time. He was still sleeping.
Dogs began barking outdoors.
“They’ve put out the dogs,” said Smote. “I’m sure the guards will use them to be safe. I doubt they know about us. We have to go quick.”

Chapter Nineteen 
3AM, Saturday August 21

Getting back to the basement had been treacherous. They had reached the first floor and were about to o pen the door into the hallway when Tench heard Marengo calling one of the men. He was giving instructions about some of the items to be put into the yacht. Heavy footsteps ran by the door and Tench motioned his friends to wait. He opened the door slightly and could heard voices far off in another room, probably the porch. Tench took a deep breath and went into the hall. The other followed. They moved across the hall one by one like a patrol of soldiers, slipping down the cellar stairway without incident.
Outside the cellar door to the garden, Tench listened. The dogs were quiet. Tench held Julie close in his arms as they squatted with Smote out in the garden behind the branches of the old boxwood. The leaves smelled bitter in the humid night. Above them on the porch Tench could hear the rocking noises of the chairs, the footsteps of men coming and leaving with more muffled instructions from Marengo, the words in a language he did not understand.
“This is a nightmare,” Tench whispered to her. He could feel her trembling.
“You’re right. We’ve got to get help from town,” she said.
Then from the porch, Marengo spoke in English, about the intruder Stagmatter had mentioned before. ”The guards found a boat. It’s the one the old man had brought up here before. I said at the time we should have sunk it. Someone has come into the farm and we’re all looking for him. We sank the boat this time so he can’t get away.”
“I am counting on you to make sure we don’t have any more problems,” said Stagmatter.
“Yes, we’ve waited too long,” Doctor Owerri said.
“All right,” said Marengo. Tench heard the squeak of a rocker as he stood and then his footsteps going across the porch. The screen door opened, with the sound of its springs stretching, and then a slam as it closed behind Marengo.
“He didn’t mention my little aluminum boat. Maybe we can get to it before they find it,” whispered Tench. “We’ll have to go now.”
Julie and Smote crawled after Tench as the three of them went back into the cellar. Once there, they stood up and moved as quietly as possible toward the chimney and the entry to the tunnel.
Tench opened the tunnel door and then closed it again, quickly, as he turned to Julie. “I see lights. Some of the guards are coming up the tunnel path. They’re checking it. It’s too late to use it.”
They sat in the cover of the large box bushes in the garden. Tench said, “We could go down the main road to the gate and climb it. “
“That will take too long, Jimmy. They’d be watching it. We never make it,” said Smote.
Tench said, “I’m thinking though that if we can get to the Island road, we can walk over the bridge. Then we’ll get a ride.”
“We’ll never get by the main gate. Too many guards,” she said. She paused then said, “I know a shorter way, back by the barns. The farm has another entrance with a small lane going to it.”
“Let’s do it,” said Smote, without hesitation.
The lights went on upstairs where Julie’s room was located. “They’ve found out I’m not there,” she said.
“That’s it,” said Tench. “We’re really out of time now.”
The dogs started howling again.
“They will tear us to pieces.”
The dogs suddenly quieted again. No one had come outside the mansion yet. Tench and the others moved quickly across the open space between the mansion and the museum building.
In the middle of the space stood Abraham, his eyes on the pack of hounds about a hundred feet away. The hounds were quiet, milling about.
“That’s the strangest thing I ever saw. Abraham scared them,” whispered Tench.
They moved quickly behind the structure where they could not readily be seen from the house. They stopped to catch their breath. It was dark. Above them was the window of Stagmatter’s office which was still lit with several lights. 
Tench looked around then stopped and touched Julie’s shoulder. “Look,” he said.
She turned around and saw him pointing to the Cunningham C2 R roadster.
“What’s that doing out here?” she said, as she moved toward the low slung car.
“He was showing it to me the other day when I was here,” said Tench, following her.
She looked at it and then back at him with a grin. “Want to ride out of here in style? The key is in it.”
“You got it,” he said. Smote was kneeling on the ground, and he looked up at Tench. “It will make the noise. Maybe it is not a good idea.”
“Yeah but we can get there fast,” said Tench. “Maybe surprise the gate guards. If we get out we can drive this machine all the way to River Sunday.”
“We have to try,” Julie said. “Otherwise they will kill us.”
They stood on each side of the car and pulled back the canvas tarpaulin that had been stretched over the passenger seat and the space behind the seats. Working in the dark they managed to drop the cloth behind the car. Julie climbed over the passenger door and sat down inside the leather seat. Smote jumped in the small space behind the front bucket seats. Tench got behind the steering wheel and reached for the ignition key.
Tench looked at his friends and said, “Once this engine goes, they’ll know where we are. Are you ready?”
A light blinded Tench and a voice yelled, “Stop, stop or I kill you all.” The light was lowered. Tench could see one of the African guards in front of the car, his hands around a small machine gun. Two of his compatriots were running up behind him, the flashlights in their hands bobbing up and down.
Smote jumped out from the car and attacked the man, taking him by surprise with fast kicks to the legs and stomach. The guard’s rifle fell to the ground and he fell backward, his feet flying as Smote continued to kick. Then Smote reached down and pulled the man into his arms giving him an elbow to his neck and a follow-up punch to his neck which stopped his air and killed him. The man fell, blood all over his face.
Tench pulled the first buttons on the right of the steering wheel to set the choke. He pumped the accelerator twice and pressed the starter button on the left side of the wheel. The 1951 Chrysler V8 popped twice then began to run with an irregular beat, its four carburetors trying to find fuel. He kept his foot pressing to give more gas and the car finally ran smoothly, its dual exhausts rumbling. He reached for the floor shift and moved the gears into first. The car started forward.
“Get back in, Smote,” Tench yelled. Smote complied, leaping over the side of the roadster and into the same place he had been before.
Julie began to pray, a soft prayer, one which Tench remembered from long ago, sitting with his mother in church. “Give us this day,” she said and repeated, louder, “Give us this day.”
“It’s either going to be our day or theirs, that’s for sure,” said Tench as he turned the car out into the lane between the barn and the house. The steering was heavy, unfamiliar, not like modern steering assisted cars, and he had to pull the wheel with both hands as the car responded, picking up speed.
The house lights went on, sending rays of light across the grass field all the way to the airplane hangar. The huge airplane shone in the glare, its glass nose glinting. 
The back door opened and more men with guns came running out, flashlights in their hands, the beams searching among the buildings and reflecting off the lower branches of the trees.
“My God, look at the airplane. What is it, Tench?” asked Julie, almost screaming over the roar of the Chrysler engine. Then without waiting for an answer she pointed to the right. “Turn there towards the gate.”
The lane stretched from the mansion past the car barn and then to the right of the hanger. The airplane mechanics had rushed into the road and were waving at Tench to stop. To the right Tench could see the tassels of a corn field and far beyond the white of a small gate.
The windshield cracked in front of him, spraying glass out over the hood, neatly spaced round holes in the glass telling him and the others that behind them men were shooting trying to stop them. He smelled gasoline and wondered if the tank in back of the car had been hit. He worried that the fuel was leaking out ready to explode and burn them to death. He tried to push Julie down in her seat but she resisted, keeping her head up to direct him.
To his left the doors of the barn with the aircraft were wide open , the lights inside silhouetting the great bomber, the two pickups hooked up and preparing to pull the airplane into the night. More gasoline fumes hit him and he knew some of these came from the heavily loaded aircraft. The two men in front still stood directly ahead blocking the road.
Smote yelled in his ear, “Faster, drive through them.”
Julie held up a shotgun. “It was beneath the seat.”
Tench recognized it as the old LC Smith that he and Strake had used to shoot skeet in back of the mansion. She stood in front of her seat, putting the gun over the windshield and aiming it at the two men ahead. Bullets came overhead missing her.
She fired and one of the men went down. The other man dodged to the left of the car as they roared by. 
The steering wheel fought his hands as he tried to keep the wheels on the high crested farm road, the front tires equally attempting to run to the side, to hamper forward movement. This run for life on a farm road was not the race that this car had been built to drive.
The road got narrow as it went into the fields behind the hanger. It was not more than a path between the cornfields. The plants were swiping at the car with their leaves and ears of ripening corn, the noise of the slapping competing with the bullets whining overhead and striking the back truck of the roadster.
Julie suddenly fell back against the windshield glass, the shotgun flying up and out of her hands. It cart wheeled beside the car and then fell into the corn plants behind them.
Smote yelled in Trench’s ear, “Julie’s hit.” With that Smote reached forward because Julie was starting to fall out of the car, her body pitching over the low side door. He grabbed at her waist pulling her back into the front seat. Julie was writhing in pain, holding her hand over the blood streaming from her right shoulder.
The car bumped hard on the path. Tench yelled back, “How bad is she hurt?”
“Hit her shoulder and went out, that’s all, but it’s bleeding a lot.”
Julie screamed, “Keep going. We’ve got to make it. My father’s life is depending on us.”
Smote grabbed the flashlight and held it ahead of them. Tench didn’t turn on the headlights. No reason, he thought, to help them target the car. He saw a drainage ditch fast approaching, with small wooden boards across it, enough for a slow moving small tractor, but probably not enough for the width of the car’s wheels. At that tiny crossing were guards who waved machine guns. He saw the flashes from the barrels as they fired at him.
“Hold on tight,” he yelled to Julie and Smote as he cut the steering wheel to the right. The car left the path and tore through the corn plants, knocking them one side or the other as the Vignale designed body of the car sliced between the stalks. He twisted the wheel trying to find the best grip for his fast turning drive wheels which were kicking up mud and dirt behind. Then in front of him Smote’s flashlight picked up the same ditch only this time no boards were across it. He hit the brakes and the wheels rutted into the muddy field pushing the soil ahead of them as Tench brought the car to a stop a few feet short of the ditch. The light showed the depth of the drainage ditch, four feet, and the trickle of water in the bottom of the channel. Tench heard the roughness of the engine idle and knew the machine was falling apart. He heard Julie sobbing with pain and, getting closer, the yells from the pursuing guards. Above them, the blackness of the sky drove down the heat of the summer night.
“We’ll have to try to cross it,” Smote said.
Julie said, “Go for it.”
He put the car into first again and picked up forward speed. The car bent down in the back as it accelerated, the dual pipes spitting smoke into the dirt and mud, the corn plants scraping underneath the frame. The car trembled as it tried to find grip in the soil. The speed approached fifty then sixty and when Tench felt he was at the edge of the ditch he gunned it more, hoping for its last burst of speed to take all of them to safety.
He felt the rear wheels spin as they lost the earth and were airborne. The engine raced and the steering loosened as the front wheels had no traction. Moments passed as the car sailed in the air across the ditch, the ten feet of open space until the front wheels tore into the plants and furrows at the other side. The steering wheel bucked and he tried to hold the wheels straight. He waited for the back wheels to find soil, to find traction and resume forward speed.
In that moment Julie looked at him. Her eyes said what he knew. The car had not made the jump.
The hood went up in front of him as the back of the car descended to the water. Then, as the wheels caught soil and began to drive, the car pushed against the front wheels which had bounced back into the air from the impact. Tench tried to find a direction by twisting the steering wheel but time had run out The car lurched forward for a moment and then to the right, turning on its side as it did and ending up upside down, with all of them falling underneath, the windshield holding the car from crushing them, their bodies slipping into the mud of the ditch. He touched Julie’s hand and their fingers clasped each other. Then he felt a thin stream of gasoline from the broken Chrysler fuel line pouring over him and as he struggled to get free to help her , he felt himself losing consciousness. The last thing he heard was the voice of the first African who reached the wreck.
That guard yelled to the others, with his British accent, “I’ve got them. Call back to Stagmatter.”
Chapter Twenty 
4AM Saturday August 21

Stagmatter walked by Tench as he, Julie, Smote and her father lay tied up in the belly of the aircraft. He saw that Tench was awake and staring up at him.
“You like my B24 Bomber?” he said, as he stopped in front of Tench. 
“It’s not yours,” said Tench. Beneath his bare feet he felt the leaking gasoline and mixed with its smell the urine that the guards had had sprayed on him and the others.
Then the big man calmed himself, letting his fists unclench. “You are a fool.”
“It belongs to the Air force crew who died fighting the Italians. Strake and you stole it from him,” said Tench.
“A technicality, which is unimportant at this moment,” he said, with the part smile that Tench knew so well. Stagmatter looked at his own watch and then glanced forward. Tench followed his gaze and saw Doctor Owerri sitting in one of the pilot seats, reading pages in a large folder.
“She learning how to fly this thing?” asked Tench.
“She can fly any airplane. So can I,” said Stagmatter.
“I figure you clowns will wreck this thing on takeoff,” said Tench.
Stagmatter glanced at him, first angry then calm, and said, “We shall see.”
“I do appreciate you, Stagmatter. I mean, you’ve taken such a derelict airplane and returned it to its former glory. You’ve got a real weapon of great power.”
Stagmatter smiled.
Tench continued, “Hitler would have been pleased at his countryman, that is, if he was still alive. People like that always get killed though, don’t they?”
“They fail and get killed when they rely on fools,” he replied. “I will be proud of my accomplishment myself. That is all that matters.”
“You got me tied up so I can’t congratulate you, shake your hand, about this mechanical wonder. I guess you must be afraid of what I might do to ruin your day, Stagmatter.” 
“Yes, you are tied up, Tench, and you will stay there until you die.”
“So tell me how you did it?” Tench asked.
“It was me all right. Right from the beginning. They didn’t do anything until later. They couldn’t understand the front of an engine front from the back. Too stupid. It was all my genius.”
“I figured that. Tell me how you did it.”
Stagmatter stared at him for a long moment, then said, nodding his head, “I see no harm in telling you. You will be dead before long anyway. You see the genius of my plan so you deserve to know.”
“A brilliant man deserves to have his ideas understood by someone who cares.”
“Yes. I agree.”
“You say you repaired this derelict. Where did you ever find one?
“Your country, it has so much power that it forgets, it wastes, and from that waste, we can get what we need to kill you.”
“So you robbed one of our dumps?”
Stagmatter smiled again. “You call it treachery. I call it, how do you say, entrepreneurship.” Stagmatter wrinkled his face, his twisted mouth showing even in the dimness of the aircraft. “You ever heard of the World War Two bomber that was found in 1959 in the middle of the Libyan desert? “
Tench shook his head, “Can’t say as I did.”
Stagmatter ignored Tench’s sarcasm. “It crashed in 1943 after it returned from a bombing run in Italy. It overflew its base at Bengazi in Libya and crashed far to the south in the desert. Search crews never found it or its crew. Then an oil exploration team spotted it in 1959. The bomber was a B24 Liberator four engine aircraft like this one. Its crew had written the name of the plane on its nose and they called it the ‘Lady Be Good.’”
“This is the Lady Be Good?”
“No. That bomber was too far gone. Its fuselage was broken from the crash landing.”
“So where did this plane come from?”
He looked up at the cockpit and saw that Doctor Owerri was deep in study of the airplane manuals. Then he turned back to Tench. “Years after the Lady Be Good was found I traveled in the desert to see that old bomber. I wanted to see up close an aircraft that was similar to the one that had killed most of my family in Germany during the War.”
“Kind of a morbid guy, aren’t you, Stagmatter?”
Stagmatter almost snarled as he said, “You Americans could never understand this, the hatred of defeat, of being destroyed like an animal.” 
Stagmatter stooped in front of Tench and spoke in a lower voice as if he were confiding a secret. Tench realized what was happening. Stagmatter’s pent up ego was forcing the man to speak, to tell his story to someone like Tench who he apparently respected as a fellow mechanic. At the same time the big man was afraid of Owerri hearing him do it. She must be the real power in this escapade, Tench thought.
Stagmatter said, “I was working in southern Africa on a project designing a new Mercedes repair station for its automobiles. I went north to see the plane on my vacation. Yes, I was the best of their men in Africa, a trained mechanic setting up garages to repair cars for the rich whites.
“I found the old wreck after much trouble and discovered that it was not worth saving. You see I wanted to restore it, to fly it to America, even then and load it with bombs. I was going to take the revenge on one of your cities, using the same incendiary bombs and fire that killed my family. It was not to be, however, at least with that old wreck. The plane had not rusted, the engines were still in good shape, but, unfortunately for me, the fuselage and the wings were cracked from the landing impact.
“When I was there I befriended a tribesman from a local village who had traveled far in the desert region. His family had served the German Army years before when they had ruled the lands under General Rommel. When he found that we had a love of Germany in common, we had much to discuss.”
“You befriended someone. That must have been a thing to see.”
“He was my friend until I killed him.” Stagmatter laughed. “I think you have an insight into my character, Mister Tench. Stagmatter beamed, and Tench could see he was reveling in pride for himself as he told of his quest for the aircraft.
“This man told me of another wreck, one that the Europeans had not found, one that he was keeping for someone who had money to buy it. He assured me that he was the only one who knew where it was and that I should deal only with him. 
In those days I did not have money, but he trusted me which was his mistake.”
“Why did he trust you, a European?” 
“He and I found we shared the same hate of the other Europeans and especially the Americans. He was a devout man and believed that the West was destroying his religious world.”
“Foolish him. You were going to destroy him,” said Tench.
“Yes, but he did not know that,” said Stagmatter, with his snarl of a smile. “I set out with him across the desert to the east from where the first wreck was located. You see, these bombers had a base to the north on the coast and sometimes they would come back from bombing runs in the Mediterranean and overfly the base. The Lady Be Good that I first visited was lost for decades because the records showed it crashed much closer to the base than it really did. The searchers never found it. The plane that he was leading me to had a different story. This plane was supposedly lost at sea in the Mediterranean. No one at the base knew for sure as it lost radio contact and couldn’t report its condition or its location. Apparently the plane flew on like the first and landed far into the desert. The men on board deplaned and walked away to their death, lost without water in the dry desert.
Tench could see his eyes light up, even in the dimness of the airplane. “The plane itself was a great find. If you have ever seen a valuable antique that was untouched by weather or any kind of rot this was it. It had landed in a valley between dunes and was almost completely hidden from passersby had any come. Commercial flights did not go over this part of the desert. As a matter of fact the plane was resting on its landing gear in perfect upright condition and simply stated could have been flown away had it been refueled and fitted with a new set of rubber tires. My belief was that the aviators landed it carefully thinking that they would be able to fly it away later. It had run out of fuel and, of course, they were completely lost.”
“This was the Black-eyed Susan that we are inside at this moment?” asked Tench.
He nodded. “I could not have picked a more perfect name for a plane that was intended to destroy the State of Maryland.”
“What happened to the fliers?”
“I never found out. Of course I spent little time looking for them. I supposed they were like the crew of the first plane, starved and dehydrated on the desert and lying dead for years perhaps twenty miles away in their untouched uniforms, their flesh dried out by the desert air.”
“I’m sure you didn’t care.”
“Of course not. Nor did my guide. He and I began to negotiate for the plane. He wanted a substantial amount of American dollars for it, you can be sure. After all the plane even had some of its bombs aboard and he knew that it was a weapon to be treasured and used by the right party. He knew it was worth a good fortune for him.”
“How long did he live?”
“Only a few hours. We had our meal and sat and talked about Allah and other foolishness and then I knifed him. When I left the spot I was sure that no one else would know of the plane until I was ready.”
He nodded toward Owerri up forward. “I knew that a substantial civil war was going on in an African country to the south so I went there to discuss my new weapon. Actually I was looking for just the right partners. Someone who could plan with me a great raid on the United States.” 
“You found the Snake?”
“You are very wise. The Snake was the only customer that had the imagination for the attack I wanted to make.”
“How did you find the Snake?” Tench kept him talking hoping that Smote was well on his way to planning his escape.
“You forget that my mechanical expertise preceded me and I had many contacts. It did not take long to find Marengo.”
“Where did rebels out in the jungle get the money to help you restore the old plane?”
“Marengo got it by selling Strake’s cars.”
“Strake never knew?”
“Strake couldn’t do anything. We made sure of that.”
“You killed his family off one by one and then threatened his last daughter Julie,” Tench said, his tone even though he was brimming with disgust for this murderer in front of him.
“Even Strake had a conscience you see. Marengo knew his man. Strake became our prisoner, trapped by his fear of what we would do to the girl. We got the money easily, shipped the plane here in parts, and put it back together all restored.”
“Your bomber was disguised as auto parts. I saw part of a cowling that day at the bridge.”
“Yes.”
“Then you waited for the best time to attack.”
“That came along when we heard of the air show and it turned out to be scheduled ironically on the twenty-first of August. We all thought that was an auspicious date for our mission.”
“Got to admit it ties in. That’s the date of Owerri’s revolution, when her family was murdered.”
“That’s why we know we’ll succeed.”
“Succeed how?”
“We will burn many Americans with the gasoline they hunger for. Instead of in their cars, it will burn them to death in a great fire.”
“You guys will get yourself killed too.”
“A good way to die.”
“For your fatherland.”
“You would die for your country, wouldn’t you, Tench?”
“Not by murdering innocent people,” said Tench.
“Well, you will be with me so you will die for your country anyway. I must go. It’s been good talking with you. I wish we’d have time to have more discussion of the interesting machinery in this plane. Americans are good inventors.” He stood up and walked towards the cockpit.
In the dim light, silhouetted by the plane’s dash lights, Tench saw Owerri’s dark figure stand up, the flight manual in her hand, as she moved to the other pilot seat and motioned Stagmatter to sit in her vacated place. 

Chapter Twenty-one 
5AM Saturday August 21

In front of the plane Tench heard the mechanics start the engines of the two pickup trucks. He felt a tremble in the fuselage of the bomber. He realized the men were pulling the bomber further out into the field.
Suddenly the big plane lurched, then tipped backward on its tail spine. The nose went up, tilted into the air several feet. The plane shuddered and Tench slid sideways towards the tail. Julie slid against him, her father not far behind her, and, further towards the front of the bomb bay, Smote did not slide but fell over on his side. He was apparently more securely bound to the wall frame of the plane than the rest of them. Doctor Owerri was standing in the pilot compartment doorway and fell forward, losing her balance on the steps. She grabbed at the side of the cockpit frame and pulled herself up. Now she wore the pilot’s suit that he had seen piled outside on the concrete floor of the hanger. He met her eyes and saw the depth of hate there. Owerri wanted to kill.
Tench heard yelling outside and, from the pilot’s compartment, Stagmatter yelled out the cockpit window to his ground crew.
“You must slow down the trucks. You will pull her apart before we can even take off.”
Men rushed behind the bomber and, starting the engine on a tractor mounted hoist in the hanger, lifted the back of the plane until the nose came down and the bomber once again sat correctly balanced on its tricycle landing gear.
The trucks began to pull the bomber forward again, but this time more slowly. Before long the bomber was stopped near the mansion. Hoses were run from the stand pipes of the underground fuel tanks and attached to the bladders inside the plane to top them off. Tench watched as one of the Africans who had been guarding them methodically twisted the hoses on to the filler pipes for the bladders. Then he listened as the fuels began to spurt into the rubber bags, the fluid sloshing against the insides. He watched them fill, the rubber sides moving outward. The smell of the fuel was intense. The plane itself would fly on aviation fuel but he suspected that bringing large quantities of that out to the farm would have aroused suspicion. After all, Stagmatter was hiding the airfield here and did not want to draw attention to it. Tench thought that the aviation fuel was already loaded into the plane’s flight tanks. The fuel that was being loaded now was the readily available gasoline that had been procured by the trucks, simple automobile fuel that was easy to explain as for the classic cars but was just as powerful as any other gasoline in incinerating the people on the other side of the Bay.
The bladders were soon pumped so full that the Africans had to move sideways to get between them from the front of the plane to the back. Tench could see Smote across in the dim light as his friend worked at his ropes. Smote sat against the fuselage wall and Tench could see his arms working as he tried to cut the lines. Tench was doing the same on his own bonds.
The African guard had begun his prayers and was not watching them closely.
After about twenty minutes Smote winked at Tench. Tench took this to mean that Smote had found a way to untie his hands.
Julie and her father had been secured again to the fuselage and stuck behind the closest large bladder. They lay flat on the floor but her head was near Tench, not more than four feet away.
He whispered to her, “Can you make a diversion?”
Her hand tapped on the fuselage wall signifying her understanding.
He nodded his head to Smote and hoped that he could understand this was a time to make a break. Smote for his part nodded back, what Tench took to be a yes.
Tench moved his eyes towards the guard and then towards to Julie.
Smote winked.
Tench mouthed the word diversion and hoped that Smote’s poor English would understand the syllables. Smote nodded again.
Tench watched as Smote leaned forward and untied his feet, carefully placing the rope back over his feet. The guard still looked toward the ceiling of the plane, still praying. Tench decided to talk to the guard.
“You came into my garage one day,” Tench said.
The guard dropped his eyes and looked at Tench, his face impassive. Tench saw him grasp the rifle he was holding, a bolt action single shot probably taken from Strake’s extensive collection of antique guns.
“Don’t you remember?” persisted Tench.
“I do,” the man said.
“You’ll go back to your home and be a mechanic there?” asked Tench.
The man smiled.
“You’ll make lots of money,” Tench added.
The guard nodded.
“Why do you want to kill me?” asked Tench.
“I follow my leader and it is his wish,” the man answered, softly, nervously.
“You sound like you don’t like killing.”
“It is not the way of God, but it is necessary.”
“Is Marengo your relative?” The family arrangements could be complex in Africa. Strake had told him that his oil lease deals sometimes had to go through several layers of cousins before being agreed to since so many had claim to the lands.
Tench added, “Your family must want you home and safe.”
The guard nodded.
“Will men hurt your family if you do not kill Americans?”
The guard looked away. “You must keep quiet now, Mister Tench. Be still.”
“When you go home, you will have money. The soldiers will not hurt your family because you can pay,” continued Tench.
The soldier looked at him. Tench had his attention.
Suddenly Julie kicked her father and he emitted a grunt, a loud one and began to cough. The guard stood up and walked toward the older man. Julie pushed herself back so the man could get in between the bladder and her to see what was wrong with her father.
“He’s dying,” she said.
The African looked at her. “I do not know,” he said. He began to move back to his guard spot.
At that moment Smote, who had moved his feet underneath him, sprang forward and grabbed the guard by the neck. The African did not have a chance to cry out as Smote’s hands deftly broke the guard’s neck. With only a small gasp the man stopped struggling and Smote lowered him noiselessly to the aircraft floor. Then Smote pushed the still shaking but dead guard behind the bladder past Julie and her father. Her father had stopped coughing. 
“Get out of here,” whispered Tench. “Get help.”
Smote went to the back of the plane about ten feet from Tench and opened a small door in the floor. Tench remembered that this door had been open before with a ladder going to it while the plane was in the hanger.
Smote stuck his head over the top edge and leaned down to see where the guards were outside. Then using his hands he flipped himself down and out of the plane. In a moment he was gone.
Tench worked fast on the rope around his wrists but he was still firmly fastened. He needed more time. Another African climbed up the stair in the open bomb bay door . He called to his friend now hidden and motionless, stuffed behind the fuel bags. In a few moments he found him and let out a yell. Then he ran to the small back door 
Smote had used and jumped down to the ground.
“Prisoner has escaped.” 
Tench heard Marengo’s voice, “Find him, bring him back.”
A man shouted, “There he goes.” Tench heard two shots and then silence for several minutes. Then he heard the running of heavy boots and more orders being yelled, each from a different voice. The boot noise moved away from the plane 



Chapter Twenty-two 
6 AM, Saturday August 21

The clumping of Doctor Owerri’s flight boots moved in front of him as she climbed out of the bomber. Tench opened his eyes and said, “Doctor Owerri, you disappoint me.”
She stopped and stared at him. He said, “Taking revenge on innocent Americans for what your own government does is pretty cowardly and lame. That doesn’t fit with the history of your family, the family you talked about in your speech and your book. You had me convinced that you were working for something good.”
Her hands held the edge of the bomb bay with her long legs halfway out of the plane.
Tench kept going, “Cowards kill people by shooting them in the back, hitting the innocent when they are not looking and then they say it’s getting back at the bully. That’s the one they are really afraid to tackle though, the real bully.”
“You don’t understand anything, Tench.” 
“What don’t I understand? You mean you believe in some god that hates Americans, some religion that you are doing this for?
“No gods are worth the effort. I speak only of what I can see, of what I can know of, what I can depend on,” she said.
Then she screamed at him, “The oil is the enemy. The oil is the corrupter.”
Tench said in a quiet voice, “So for that you guys took advantage of Strake.”
“I had the plan, Stagmatter had the weapon, Marengo had Strake’s money. Perfect.”
“Taking advantage of a man completely drugged, you mean,” argued Tench.
“Yes, you’ll die as part of the perfect plan.”
Tench said, “I can understand Stagmatter wanting to die. He’s not right in the head. You, on the other hand, are a smart woman, too smart to kill yourself for anything.”
“I will die gladly as a pilot, as part of the plan. I’m not a victim like you. I will die a soldier’s death. I will kill but not be killed worthlessly as my brother and my family were.”
“Back to the old home again like in your speech? You’ll all be happy again, that the way you see it?” 
“Yes, you are too stupid to know about these things.” She smiled as if her thoughts made her happy.
He looked at the flight suit that she had on and smiled.
“You even look like a snake, Doctor Owerri. Tell me are you a real doctor or is that fake too?”
“To be the warrior in the jungle, that is no longer enough. I learned that. The money was coming in to build the government army and we could not fight it in the jungle. Like your government says so often we had go out and stop the money. So we had to come here with the design to stop the money flow to our government.”
“Killing a bunch of innocent people is going to stop government support of your country’s leaders? I don’t see how?”
“People will see that supporting such regimes causes people like me to occur, causes the hatred that spawns our activities. The money will stop.”
“You say you are a snake, yet your flight suit is black like the black colors of the early European prophets who came to your country,” Tench pointed out. 

She was nervous with her answer. “Those were not religious. They were men and women who loved our land and us. They had no ideas of conquest like other Europeans and the Americans.”
Tench said, “I don’t think the cause is really the oil. I think this is revenge for the killing that your government did and you are just blaming Americans. Your government made the real money and graft, but it’s easier to take the blame out on us. Your people are responsible for centuries of corruption and greed long before we came along. ”
She smiled. “Have it your way. You die anyway.”
“You know, Doctor Owerri, I’m not as educated as you. Seems like to me, though, that those black dressed people you think so much of and those Africans you say are your family, would be different. I think they’d take someone who shot a man in the back or killed innocent children and castrate ‘em and throw them out of the tribe. You know what else, I think they like Americans would see it the same way.”
She didn’t reply, just looked at him for a long moment.
Tench laughed, “You and Stagmatter, what a pair.”
She said, “Can you blame him? He tells me the story and it is so much like mine. 
“The attack came on August 21 1944. She was in the backyard watching the bombers when she heard the bombs start exploding several blocks from her house. She ran to the front gate and remembers closing it. Like the little girl that she was, she thought that closing the gate would keep out the bombs. She looked down the street. She could see the buildings on fire and the nearest tenement exploding, its walls falling into the street. She ran to the back yard and went into a small shed. Inside she knew a hole had been dug in the floor for her father to keep fertilizer to take to the farm. 
“She heard her father calling her. She stood up and moved to the shed door. In front of her at the back door to the apartment, her father was standing. When he saw her, he shouted, ‘Get down, be safe.’ At that moment a bomb fell on the house and exploded knocking him inward and setting the face of the building on fire. Another bomb fell on the house next door and the yard was filled with flame and bits of wood. She ran back inside the shed and got down in the hole. Outside the shed the sky was completely covered with flames. At the same time the roof of the shed had heated up. The steel roofing was red in some places from the outside heat. She was the only survivor. All her family were burned to death.” 
Tench stopped her by saying, “You found the perfect source of money in Mister Strake.” 
She nodded. “It has taken us two years to prepare but we are ready.”
“What about Strake himself?” 
“He will soon no longer be needed.”
“Your rationale for the attack is perfect. The bomber is over populated areas within a few minutes of takeoff.” He looked towards the noises outside. “I guess some of you will escape by that big yacht at the pier.”
She nodded. “So they can attack again later.”
She laughed. “Strake outsmarted himself. He took his money out of the banks where he thought someone could get it and put it into these cars. He thought it would be safe right here with him. Instead, we’ve been able to sell them as we needed money, and no one could track it. No one including all your fancy banks. He has very few left but our plan is complete.”
“Yes,” she said, “Strake was afraid of his past, of the money he had stolen so he built this fortress, surrounded himself with security and bought the officials in this local town to protect him. Unfortunately for him, the fortress itself is turned against him and he is held prisoner.”
Owerri laughed, “Americans are so predictable. They always go after the money.”
“So you’re going to kill off the evil of the west.” He thought for a moment and was almost afraid to say it. “I guess you’re going to hit the White House aren’t you? That is, if you make it that far.”
“Yes. What better than the white building that was built by slave labor, by my countrymen forced to come here so many centuries ago. I even know their English names, the ones your leaders gave them. Your history doesn’t honor them but mine does. Jerry, Jess, Charles, Len, Dick, Bill. All heroes that you enslaved for the stonework on the foundations of that building.”
“Yes.”
“Who’s going to lead after you are dead? Got to have someone with your brains to carry on.”
She smiled, “Many leaders with ideas and intelligence exist. The best value of the leader is to die as well as the followers. It sets the best example. That is why we will never be beaten and will win. You Americans have forgotten all your leaders. A great leader is one who can die and be remembered. “
“You really believe all that? When you are dead you are dead. You can’t control anyone’s future paths. For all you know they will forget you as they make money out of your death.” A song came into his head, why he did not know, and he hummed the melody of Moon River, adding words as he stared at her, feeling like a wise-cracking street kid again, taunting a bully,
“Two killers off to burn the world
There’s such a lot of world to burn.”
Infuriated, she climbed up from the steps, walked forward and kicked him. He slid back against the side of the airplane. Then she returned to the ladder and was gone.
Stagmatter came back to the bomb bay exit. Just before he climbed down the same ladder Owerri had just used, he stood in front of Tench.
Tench looked up at him, his head buzzing with the pain of Owerri’s kick. 
“The Spaniard is dead,” he said, as his mouth twisted in its half grin.
Tench didn’t believe him. He had heard no shots. Smote was too good at hand to hand fighting to go down in the darkness. Stagmatter was bluffing.
“You screwed all of us,” Tench said.
“You of all people, I thought, would have at least been excited by what I did with the aircraft. I am disappointed in your attitude. You could have been with us. You have talent.”
Stagmatter reached above him and stroked the carefully repainted ceiling of the plane. He said, “All this work, and no one to admire it. Now it will be destroyed for a higher purpose.”
“Why should anyone admire the work of a maniac?” said Tench. Strake moaned a few feet away. “At least the Americans had the excuse that they were at war against a fanatic.”
Stagmatter looked at his former boss on the floor of the plane, a look of disgust coming over his face.
“Maniac, you say. I worked for years, years, I tell you, to get this plane here. Regardless of what you think, the Americans had no excuse for the evil they committed in the past. Now they pay.”
Stagmatter went on, “In a few hours, in your city, a young girl will be sleeping. Suddenly flames will come roaring through her house, burning the beds and the walls, incinerating the family pictures and peeling down the wallpaper with intense heat. She will run to escape, calling for her father and mother, but she won’t hear their replies. Outside the house she will look up to the sky and see only clouds of flame rushing by as in a whirlwind. The buildings around her will crack with red flames and pieces will fall all near her. She will run first one way and then the other trying to escape the heat. Then, she will find a culvert in the street, a place where the sewer water flows, only the iron grate will be hot. She will grasp the metal feeling her hands singe and when it releases she will tumble down into the darkness and smoke, hiding her little body in the foul smelling fluid. She will know what it was like in Germany.”
Stagmatter left then. He climbed outside. Tench heard him talking to himself about his mother in Argentina. His voice was high, emotional, as if he had taken drugs, ones that opened up his mouth and all his memories, all his hatred. Stagmatter slowly moved away into the darkness, his voice fading with the distance. Then Tench realized that the man was moving into insanity, something that he had been able to hide until this moment, this time of his triumph of his hatred, and that very triumph had released the gate of human reason that had been holding back his craziness.
Tench could see through the open aircraft door as Marengo, standing outside near the plane, lined up his guards and addressed them. 
“As your captain I promised you that we would return to our country, that this mission would soon be over. Tonight, we are finished.”
The men murmured approval.
“You have finished loading the yacht and soon we will be casting off. We must finish the preparations for the bomber. Each of you knows what you are to do.” 
Stagmatter came back in a few minutes. He was silent. He climbed aboard, with Owerri following and they returned to the cockpit. This time they moved by Tench and the other hostages without a look or a word.
Tench continued to work on his bonds. He had discovered a sharp section of fuselage frame after he was kicked into a new location by Owerri. The ropes holding his wrists were beginning to loosen up. Up forward, Stagmatter and Owerri talked in low tones going through the bomber checklist prior to takeoff. 
Then Stagmatter cried out, “Someone has tampered with the controls.”
Owerri said, “You were supposed to guard the aircraft.”
Tench heard Stagmatter slap her. “Snake, you say. I am the strong one. You do not tell me, I tell you.”
A dog began to bark outside, close by the tail of the bomber. It was Abraham. 
“Get that dog,” Marengo shouted from outside the plane. “Kill him. Then go to the yacht. No time is left.” 


Chapter Twenty-three
6:15 AM Saturday August 21 

Dawn was coming in the eastern sky. A slight breeze was blowing from the west, directly at the nose of the bomber. Tench could still see nothing. The plane had no interior lights and all outside lighting had been shut off when Marengo and his men left. He heard Julie and her father stir across the narrow catwalk from where he lay. 
In front of the plane he could see a glimmer from the instrument panel. The large gasoline storage bladders obstructed much of the view. He could hear Stagmatter cursing as he struggled with the controls.
He tried to nudge Julie with his bare foot but she was still unconscious. Beyond her, turned on his side was her father. He also was out cold, drugged heavily.
He struggled with the ropes binding his hands. Then he had another idea, a desperate last chance at freedom. He forced himself to relax and breathe easy to build up his energy.
In a few moments, he slowly brought his legs upward, stretching them together and pulling his hands down behind the legs toward his knees. His breath began coming in spurts as he tired from the exertion.
He pushed again on his hands and one arm twisted the cord under his left foot. “Almost,” he thought to himself, realizing that he must not stop no matter how much the pain. He strained again and felt his legs ease as the cords passed through. The idea had worked. His arms were in front of him. 
The aircraft shook slightly as the first engine was started. Then the second, third and finally the fourth. The big radial motors turned slowly at first building revolutions. The whole plane was vibrating with the horsepower exuded from the big propellers.
Tench was able to work the ropes more easily when they were in front. For one thing, without his arms behind him, the ropes were actually looser. Finally he pulled on the part that he had been chafing on the sharp metal and it eased enough to fully loosen around his wrist. He pulled the rope off and stretched his arms. Then he turned to his feet and quickly pulled the line from them. He was free. 
He looked forward. Both of the enemy were busy with the controls. He crawled quickly over to Julie and stirred her awake. She looked at him with alarm. He whispered, “We get loose and then we take action, Julie,” he said as he began on her hands.
Julie was still groggy. “The bomber hasn’t begun its takeoff run yet,” Tench said, stroking her forehead. “Are you going to be able to make it?” 
Tench knew that Strake himself was too drugged to wake up. The older man barely moved as his ropes were taken off. Julie turned to her father and struggled to rub his back.
“We got two choices,” said Tench.
“Stop this plane is one of them,” said Julie, becoming more alert as she had time to look around and to get blood flowing in her cramped body.
Tench glanced forward at the pilot’s compartment. “I agree. Stagmatter and Doctor Owerri are up there. They will be busy for a while getting her moving. That’s when we can do something.”
With the plane’s vibration the door to the pilot’s compartment swung shut by itself. “Until they get that panel open again, we have a chance.”
“What’s your other choice?” Julie asked. 
At that moment one of the engines began to run rough, then slowed to a stop. Tench heard the pilot trying to restart the engine. Several times the machine was started only to stop after a few revolutions of the big propeller.
“I think Smote fixed some of the controls. Stagmatter has been swearing about something not being right,” said Tench. “I don’t know if that will help, though.”
“Smote must have done enough,” said Julie.
“A man of many talents,” said Tench. “Anyway, our number two choice is to get ourselves out of here through that back entry.”
The engine started again and ran but it was backfiring. Stagmatter began swearing. Tench and Julie could hear him through the door. “He’s still fighting with the controls,” said Tench. He could tell something was not working the way the big man had planned and the aircraft was not developing the necessary revolutions in one of its engine. The plane was vibrating hard from the port side but the starboard engines did not seem to be developing the same tremor. Tench tried to glance out the window. It was a small opening which had a transparent cover crusted with age. “Lots of black smoke from the exhaust,” he said.
“We have a way out,” Tench said, pointing to the rear of the plane. “Back there is the place where the gunner gets out. Smote used it to escape.”
Julie and Tench began to move her father toward the rear of the plane. Ahead of them they saw more of the large fuel bags which had been put into the tail space.
“Since Smote left, the Africans have loaded more gasoline tanks into the plane. They are smaller but they cover the doorway,” said Tench. He stood up and pushed at one of the bags. 
He estimated the bladder bag weighed about two hundred pounds. “We can move them,” he said. “Takes both of us, though.” Julie helped him shift the large rubber tank to the side. Underneath it Tench pointed to the shape of a box like doorway panel that was half uncovered.
“One more try,” said Julie.
As the bag moved away, they felt the bottom of the plane begin to incline.
“Stop,” said Julie. “We’re shifting enough weight to tilt the plane.”
The pilots’ doorway opened and a streak of light came back through the aircraft body. Tench moved back against the side of the fuselage as the light played around the floorboards and over the rubber of the tanks.
In front Tench could see Stagmatter’s head. He could not make out his face but he knew the man’s eyes were sizing up the back of the plane, wondering what had changed the weight distribution.
The plane tilted back to where it had been. The floor was leveled again.
Stagmatter said to Owerri, whose shape Tench also could not see, “Just some of the fuel shifting. We’re all right but we better hurry.” Stagmatter propped the door open but turned back to his controls.
“The gasoline inside the bag. It shifted weight.” They could hear the fuel sloshing inside the bag.
“What do we do?” said Julie, her voice tense in the darkness.
“If we are careful to only move the fuel bag sideways, the weight will not be changed fore and aft. Then we can get at the doorway,” said Tench.
The third engine which had been giving trouble, perhaps due to Smote, was now running smoothly. Tench felt the pilot run up the engines and the plane vibrated more violently.
“He will take off soon,” said Tench.
The two of them pushed on the bag. The air they breathed was heavy with gasoline fumes mixed with the stink of their sweat.
“On three, let’s go again,” said Tench, knowing that her shoulder must be giving her incredible pain. He had no choice but to get her to help him.
“One, two, three,” Julie pushed then slipped down on the floor , her bare feet sliding on the grease covered steel.
“Are you all right?” Tench said, bending down.
“Just my shoulder. Let’s go again.”
She got up. “One, two, three.” This time the bag sat on top of thicker floor grease and slid sideways about a foot. 
“I think that is enough,” said Tench. He went to his knees and felt with his hands in the darkness to find the levers to the trap door.
He found them and snapped them open. The door was freed up. A breeze of fresh air came in.
“The door is open,” he whispered.
They could see more because of the lights of the mansion behind the plane. The ground was moving quickly beneath the door. The breeze was strong, kicked up by the huge propellers as the engines strained to build up takeoff power.
Tench looked forward to where Strake lay. “Let’s get your father out first.”
They pulled him by his feet toward the doorway.
“I can’t wake him up,” Julie said, trying to slap his face, to stir him.
“Don’t worry. He’ll probably be safer if he’s asleep and relaxed. Come on, we’ve got to get him out.”
An engine on the left side of the plane began to run rough, blasting out black smoke. “The same one, again,” said Tench. They smelled the exhaust fumes of the big engines.
“We’ve got a quarter mile to go before we’re over water,” said Tench.
Strake’s legs were hanging down into the air below the plane. “Push him,” said Tench. He and Julie managed to get the man out through the doorway and saw him fall several feet to the ground where he hit, bounced slightly, rolled to the side and lay still. 
Julie looked down at the ground, her left hand stroking her wounded shoulder, blood trickling over her tee shirt.
“He’ll be all right, Julie. Keep moving. You have to get out.”
Julie put her bare legs into the wind rushing along the underbody of the bomber. A dog was running along about five feet beneath them. “That’s Captain Bob’s dog,” she said with excitement in her voice as though she had been given strength by the presence of the animal.
She grinned at Tench, hunched forward and jumped.
Her Minnie Mouse tee shirt snagged on the sharp edge of the trap door. As she hung in the air, her feet dangling, her eyes beseeching him to do something, he clawed at the metal edge, trying to free the cloth. The cloth began to rip, pulling up from her waist towards her shoulder. Her body began to strip itself from the fabric, first the arm and shoulder then moving across her chest. He at the same time pulled as hard as he could against the cloth that held her body weight against the plane, trying to tear it away, the combined effort of the forward thrust of the aircraft and her weight pulling backward exerting a tremendous force against all the strength that he could find in himself to free it. He counted to himself, breathed hard and then gave a substantial thrust upward on the cloth. It finally ripped apart, sending her flying into the air. 
The bomber was at the shoreline, the wind from the engine propellers forcing ripples across the shallow water. The plane was about ten feet into the air. He moved his head in the wind preparing to jump.
Then he noticed another strange sight. The old workboat that had belonged to the Captain had remained floating even after the guards had tried to sink it. Now it was drifting directly under the path of the rising bomber.
Tench bent his head through the hole preparing to jump. He saw the yacht ahead slowly moving out through the shoals into deep water and the Bay channel water. The yacht had already been loaded with the rest of the Africans and Marengo was probably at the helm. The yacht engine could be heard coughing and roaring as its exhaust shipped water in the tide wash. In less than an hour the yacht would be long gone, probably to rendezvous with one of the freighters serving Baltimore, perhaps one with the lion’s head on its containers.
He heard a noise. He straightened up and looked around. Then he saw Stagmatter crawling towards him, an automatic pistol in his left hand, his right pulling him along. He must have looked behind again and had seen the light of the open escape door. Owerri was flying the plane. The plane had slowed its ascent, the engine still giving trouble. It was still close to the water surface, not more than ten feet above the waves.
“I should have killed you along with the old man,” Stagmatter called, froth coming out of his angry mouth, as he hurried, grabbing at the bouncing metal floor. “Tell me what you did to my airplane.” Then he screamed, “What have you done?”
Tench did not answer, trying to lower himself into the hole so he could jump clear. Then Tench was through and falling, a shot going by his face as Stagmatter finally got close enough to fire.
Outside, Tench saw Abraham reach the Captain’s workboat and leap aboard. Then he lurched to the roof of the cubby cabin. The workboat was directly in line now with the flight of the big airplane, the top of its cubby cabin not more than five feet below.
Tench went under the surface and then bobbed back. He saw the plane moving away from him. Abraham had climbed on the old boat and stood on the top of the little cabin. The dog’s eyes were alert and angry, its mouth open in a vicious snarl.
Then with horror he saw Stagmatter’s arm drop down into the air stream as he held his pistol in a direct aim at Tench.
Julie called to Tench from the shoreline, “Over here, Tench. Here.” He turned and tried to wave her to duck down, to keep away from Stagmatter’s gun. He turned back to Stagmatter.
The plane dipped closer to the water surface. The boat was now beneath the fuselage. At that moment the dog surged upward from the boat, jumped toward Stagmatter whose dangling gun hand was not more than five feet away. Abraham’s snarling jaw grabbed Stagmatter’s hand. The pistol fired, the shot going wild. Stagmatter tried to pull away from the dog. Abraham would not let go, his wild body hanging in the air, feet kicking, as the bomber continued to fly forward, rising more above the water. Stagmatter was holding on to the plane’s fuselage with his other hand, as he shook at the dog, blood now coming from his tortured hand as the dog’s teeth ripped at his skin.
The bomber’s four engines were stirring up clouds of spray from the shallow tidewater. The morning sunlight was just breaking through the darkness and Tench could see the welcome sight of a Coast Guard cutter, one of the bigger ships coming full speed at them. Its search beams were sweeping the water not more than five miles away.
He saw a trail of smoke heading up from the water’s surface and watched the small round tube causing the smoke trail as it traveled toward the tan colored left wing of the bomber. He saw a glint from the pilot’s window, as the African raised her jeweled hand, in a futile attempt to stop her doom. The tube impacted just in front of the left wing, the smoke of the projectile scattered among the wind blasts of the two left side propellers. The impact of the object produced an immediate explosion, and the plane veered further to the left, its left wing bending backward, broken off by the impact, and its wing tip trailing in the water. Then in a slow left turn toward the water the great plane banked and its nose came full speed toward the water and the yacht, the top wing twisting the bomber over, all engines still turning. The other wing became almost vertical aloft and perpendicular to the fuselage, driving the remains of the bomber down to its destruction. 
The explosion broke the dog’s hold from Stagmatter’s arm and the animal fell towards Tench in the water. Stagmatter turned and with terror watched the rush of flames coming toward him inside the fuselage. His foot which had been holding him in the doorway was stuck in sliding debris from inside the plane. He dropped the gun and used both hands frantically trying to free his boot. He pulled faster, harder, as the flames crept toward him, then screamed as he was engulfed. He became instantly a black stick figure with dancing fire moving over the outline of his body. 
A fireball lit up the water and its glare moved over the land towards the mansion where the old windows crackled with pinpoints of light. The yacht exploded as the plane crashed into it, throwing the hull of the boat up into the air, dropping out burning figures of men who flailed at the air in their vain attempts to escape the burning flames.
Deep from his memory, Tench could hear Katy’s little song again, strangely prophetic from so long ago,

“Clap your hand, Black Eye Susan,
Black Eye Susan, Clap your hand.” 


Chapter Twenty-four 
10 AM Sunday August 22 

Out on the Chesapeake Bay in front of the Strake mansion several Coast Guard patrol boats were anchored with small rubber launches running to and from the shore and circling the disintegrated wreckage of the B24 Liberator bomber, mostly framed spars stabbed into the shallow bottom and into the totally destroyed shell of a yacht. Along the shore several bodies were laid out covered with body bags and waiting for airlift to the medical examiner in Baltimore. Owerri’s body had been identified only by the many jeweled rings on her charred fingers and Stagmatter only by his great size. Marengo was not identified as his body disintegrated along with the Africans when the boat was hit, and only scorched body parts were left, enough to make up the number of persons on board, but not discernible as to which body they belonged to.
FBI agents went in and out of the mansion and Stagmatter’s office in the museum collecting cartons of exhibits. The mayor had been by, bustling, planning her public relations. Tench and Julie sat on the porch with Smiley and Kate. Smote was standing on the lawn near the bulldozer, his eyes on the hole in the ceiling of the tunnel where he had pulled back the covering fish net. Satter was next to him, his hand resting on Smote’s shoulder.
“How is your wound?”
“Much better,” Julie said.
“This investigation will lead deep into Africa, several countries, I suspect, before it runs out,” said Tench. “Stagmatter and Owerri must have had dozens of accomplices who helped to arrange this attack.”
“If my father can be revived from the drugs they gave him, he will help. I know he will,” said Julie.
“The terrorists started working on your father years ago,” said Tench.
“How do you mean?”
“Marengo had him pegged from the beginning.”
“Daddy wanted to make money. He didn’t pay enough attention to the people who were helping him make money,” she said, looking down at her cup of coffee. “He didn’t realize that the people who were working for him were also working for themselves.”
“I just hope he recovers some of his mind,” said Tench.
She nodded. “He was a wonderful father.”
“I liked him too,” said Tench, touching her hand.
Smote walked up to the edge of the porch and looked up at Tench from the boxwood garden below. “Everything all right?” asked Tench.
“Everything,” Smote said, grinning.
“We’ll raise the Emmy, pump out the water. She’ll be all right,” said Tench.
Smote said, “She come right back, you see.”
Tench nodded. He remembered Captain Bob’s words about the boat.

“Yessir, I’d tell you boys, the best thing you can do is get yourself a boat like my Emma here. Maybe, Smote, you inherit her when I’m gone. Let me just say, don’t you start thinking that’s going to be too soon. Nossir, you take care of her and she’ll take care of you, keep you from any harm. You get a boat and she’ll be your anchor here in the harbor. She’ll wake you up in the morning and put you to bed at night just like a wife, and, while she’s afloat, she’ll make you stay around to take care of her. She’ll take care of you too, feed you and clothe you in the cold weather, and bring you home. When she’s wore out, then you cut off a piece of her that’s still good like they used to do with the old clipper ships, and that’s what you start her replacement with, only make damn sure she’s really gone before you start that new boat, so she don’t get jealous.”

“Where’s Abraham?” asked Julie.
“He was a wet dog when I pulled him into our boat,” said Katy.
Abraham, as if sensing that he was being discussed, appeared from inside the house, padding toward Tench. When he saw Smote below the porch, he went down the porch steps to nuzzle Smote. Smote stroked his back, smoothing the fur.
“Your head was too hard to get hurt, wasn’t it, Abraham?” called Tench.
Tench turned to Smiley. “It was good seeing you guys coming across the Bay,” he said. “You saved the lives of people you say you don’t like.”
“I mean,” said Smiley, “We ain’t going to let these people blow up the country, nossir.” He grinned and added. “I guess what’s most important is that they’re Americans we saved.”
“What were you doing here?” asked Tench.
“We followed you,” said Katy.
“She figured that little Spaniard was going to get you in trouble. We went up to your cottage to tell you. We saw the runabout was gone and figured it out. Then we got our boat and came after you. We were right, “Smiley said. “When we got here, we saw that bitch Owerri in the pilot compartment. We spotted you and your girl jumping out. We knew that they were up to something with that old airplane. So we took them out with the bossman.”
“I looked behind me and saw the Coasties coming along full speed. I figured they knew something was bad too,” said Katy.
“We done right,” Smiley said.
Tench said, “Smote got to them, alerted the local Coast Guard station as well as Satter and the State Police.”
“You like that rocket, don’t you?” Smiley said. “Trouble is the Feds took it away from me. Said it wasn’t legal for me to have. They even wanted to know where I got it.”
“What did you tell them?”
“I told them a fellow traded it for my old Yamaha bike. I said I never saw him or the bike again. “
“They believed you?” asked Tench, with a smile.
“Who cares? I got four more of the bossmen hid up in the woods anyway and they’s a lot more where they came from.”
“You saved our lives.” As he said this to his tattooed friend, Tench thought about the irony. He wondered who the real terrorists were, this man with the shoulder fired rocket who wanted to kill non-whites, or the African doctor who desired revenge for the evil done to her country by whites. He shook his head and resolved to stick to building race cars.
“Got to keep you alive,” said Smiley, unaware of Tench’s confusion.” I want to drive the dragster.”
Katy said, “God damn it. You ain’t much of shot, Smiley. Aim the bossman at the pilot and hit the engine. God damn  thing. No wonder our soldiers couldn’t hit any of the damn Cong.”
“You know these outsiders got to get used to the fact that they can’t come in here and mess with us local people,” said Smiley. 
Tench grinned. He thought back for a moment to the streets in Baltimore. It hadn’t been any different there. Threats and counter threats, only in those days no rockets or airplanes filled with gasoline were used to get even. He sighed. Julie heard him and turned her head. 
“I wonder what Cunningham would say about us tearing up his car?” said Tench. 
“Cunningham liked to win but he lost his fair share of races,” she said. She readjusted the sling on her right arm and touched his face with her left hand. “I think he built his cars to race to win, and I don’t think he set them up to just be looked at in a museum. I think he would have been proud of us when we tried to escape those Africans with his car.”
Tench nodded, “We can put her back together again.”
“I think he would have said that the guts of the driver is what counts, not the car.”
He nodded. “You remember when you told me about the mountain and touching evil or good. I think I see what you were worried about, why we had to be apart. “
She looked at him.
He said, “People like Captain Bob and Cunningham got to the top of the mountain and touched the good. They loved for the sake of loving their cars, their boats, their homes. Your father touched evil. You were afraid that I would too, that I would do everything for money, for building an empire, that I would hurt people like he did, hate like Owerri and Stagmatter.”
She nodded. “I guess that was it. Anyway, you’ve changed. I’ll never leave you again,” she said. “The place has got to me. Too many good memories. Somebody once told me she said that if you love your home the home will love you back.”
“Captain Bob told you that,” said Tench.
She nodded.
“Then this place will be our home,” he added.
“Design and build,” she said with a grin.
“You’re just a motorhead like the rest of us,” he said. He held her close.
“Funny,” he said. “Smiley didn’t have anything but hate going up the mountain, but he touched good.”
The picture of Captain Bob came to his mind, sitting in his chair on the back lawn and proclaiming the virtues of River Sunday and his boat and dog. Tench thought about that, about home and how the old man had described home as a loving thing. Stagmatter and Owerri and the Africans had ideas of home too. The difference was that, as the old man said, you protect your home and you defend it. The Africans had become aggressive and tried to destroy another person’s home to revenge the loss of their own.
“You think the terrorists accomplished anything? Tench asked her. As he spoke, Tench was reminded of something else, of the words on a brass plaque near a bell, far off in Africa, words he probably would never get fully out of his mind. 
“One person with courage would ring this bell
to warn his village of the foreign slavers.” 
Julie looked at him and said, “That African doctor and her publishers are going to sell a lot of her books. I think she planned it that way. Most of these terrorists have jumbled unreadable narratives to explain their actions. Her book is well written. People will want to know why she did it.”
“Marengo was the saddest part of the whole deal,” she said. “Everybody has hate in himself but without those people coming around him, I don’t think it would never have come out in that old man. He had too much kindness in him.”
“I’m just glad I’ll never have to see Stagmatter again,” Tench said. He leaned over the railing, and said, “Smote, tell me, how’d you wreck those bomber controls?”
Smote grinned and pulled out his wad of gum. “Good for something, you know,” he said. He looked at the gum. “This gum, it stink and mess up many things, stick them up, you know. My father tell me when I was a kid that those type of American engines, they need their engine cowling open or they overheat and burn themselves up. So, I make sure with my chewing gun that the cowlings do not open up and the engine, it goes bang.”
She laughed. “Until we get the Cunningham fixed we could drive the Mustang,” she said. 
Tench touched her arm again.
“You know what Captain Bob would say?”
She nodded. Then, at the same time, they said, laughing as they looked into each other’s eyes, 
“Nossir, that’s the way it are.” 

About the Author

Thomas Hollyday brings to life strong Chesapeake characters showcased in their stunning, unique Eastern seaboard landscapes. Reviewers praise his rich sense of place and his respect for the great machines that made our era possible. His stories resonate with a deep awareness of history and legend. The humor in life shines through as Tom draws on a comedic sense honed sharp from an accomplished cartooning background. 
In his River Sunday Romance Mysteries series, Tom honors the battles for love of land that have recurred over and over in the Chesapeake Bay. Past victories and defeats created mists of legend and history which shroud the present landscapes. Throughout Tom's stories, he incorporates both the machines that have left lasting imprints and the wildlife that enriches the captivating natural landscape. His modern and timely novels feature memorable characters from the small town of River Sunday, Maryland, and reveal their compelling stories as they search for answers to achieving love, unveiling mystery, and vanquishing evil. 
Tom grew up in the Chesapeake Bay, and his love for his native land shines through in every word. 
Part of the proceeds from the sale of Thomas Hollyday fiction and non-fiction goes to support drinking water resources for wildlife.
 

The River Sunday Romance Mystery series of books:

Slave Graves
Magnolia Gods
Gold
Powerboat Racer
Terror Flower
China Jewel

These books can be found in paperback and ebook format from most major online retailers including Amazon, iTunes, and Nook.

For more information, and to talk with Tom, visit:

Web: http://SolarSippers.com

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RiverSundayRomanceMysteries

Twitter: @tomholly

