
Rosamund’s Diary: Power and Justice 
Rayyan Dabbous
Copyright Rayyan Dabbous 2014
Published at Smashwords
To Malak, Najla, 2B and Injustice,
September 1
New beginnings; they’re the starting points of a new adventure. Are you more interested in finishing projects, or starting them? It is quite fascinating how a person always needs to embark on new journeys, take on new roads and test new experiments. There always comes a time when people challenge themselves with tempting adventures that can change their lives forever. What makes us so willing to take on new challenges? Why can’t we settle with what we have? Well, you should know that desires never cease to surge – they can only accumulate. When we have achieved one of these desires, we immediately pass onto another one. You see, happiness can never be achieved – it can only be pursued.That’s why we all search for new projects to distract us, new journeys to challenge us and new surroundings to intrigue us. Though, people should know one thing before embarking on a new adventure and it’s that all new beginnings have new endings – of which we are oblivious. 
The alarm didn’t wake me up. I had either forgotten to set it up – which happens to me quite frequently – or, I didn’t hear it. I doubt that though, it’s almost impossible not to hear your phone’s crazy alarm tone. Couldn’t they add a more peaceful and serene tone to wake up to? Great timing as well: I was still in bed at 9 am, while by that time, I should’ve been in my new office, feet up. 
Yes, I should have been in my brand new office; brand new workplace, to be more precise. Today was my first day at Hoffman and Associates; a large law firm that recommends the state good lawyers for federal cases. I have been waiting for this day to come for a long time now – a really long time. Well, you should know that I am quite new in this law career and that I haven’t always been pursuing it. I had been an economist for ten years until that day. I remember this very well: I was sitting in that cubicle, surrounded by all these charts and numbers, and as I gazed upon this habitual environment, I had an epiphany. What am I doing here? Who are these people and why am I associated with them? I started asking myself odd questions and then I questioned the decisions that I have made during the past decade. Back then, I lived on an underpaid salary and I could barely make ends meet. So, when I was strikingly reminded of my poor living condition, I re-evaluated myself and my capabilities. Listen, I’m smart, why am I living this way? That’s when it all began, that’s when I made the decision. In a matter of time, I submitted my resignation letter, went into law school, graduated and was recruited by the city’s largest law firm. Thus, I had come a long way and now you would understand why I just couldn’t be late for work. 
I hurried and changed my clothes and prepared coffee simultaneously. Inevitably, I had to spill some on my shirt. “This day can’t get any worse” I said to myself. I had no time to change so I wore a fluffy jacket to cover what’s underneath – although it was very hot outside. I left my apartment and hurried down the stairs. I entered my car and drove away. Then, I found myself in a Grand Theft Auto game. I was crisscrossing cars, turning wide in intersections and speeding in the highway. Here though, I didn’t have to commit a serious crime to attract the police’s attention. I was soon followed by a police car and I had to pull over. An old-school cop bended and said:“You were driving like a madwoman, Ma’am.”
“Just give me the ticket already!” I yelled, furiously.
He handed me the fine and warned me that a second misconduct would result in the suspension of my license. “Drive safely, Ma’am” he added. Ma’am, how old do you think I am? Once he got into his car and drove away, I stepped on it and resumed the Paris-Dakar rally. 
Ten minutes later, I arrived in front of an imposing building and I was hoping that I hadn’t mistaken the address. The building was an impressive skyscraper and it held hundreds of offices. There were people going in and out and they all seemed very serious. As I saw this massive flux penetrating my new assumed workplace, I hoped that I wasn’t going to be working with a lot of people – because that was one of the reasons behind my last resignation. It wasn’t the people, but it was more due to the atmosphere of a bureaucratic system. No, it was the people. You know, the “women hate their colleagues at work stereotype” is not a stereotype. When there’s a problem among men at work, they deal with it on the spot and the conflict would be resolved either verbally or if it really was a big issue, it would be settled on the playground. But women, they always have to keep their emotions inside. They’ll act normally in front of you but once you give them your back, the gossiping immediately begins and the plots hurry to shape up. That’s when they stab you. 
Soon, I entered the building and found my way to the correct floor. The lights of a modest office flashed in front of my eyes. It wasn’t very big – or too small. I was relieved when I was able to count the heads of the employees working there. Then, I saw two policemen coming my way. God was I excited. They had just come back from an appalling crime scene and they have a suspect in custody. The suspect yells: “I want a lawyer,” and so, they come to find him representation. I step in and I cooperate with the police: examining the evidence in hand. As things go bad, I finally solve the puzzle and unexpectedly call up one last witness. I ask him: “Where were you on the night of the crime?” and he bursts into tears. I appear on the front page of the New York Times and I become the most famous lawyer in the world. 
Such twisted ideas were turning in my mind at the time. Once I was done daydreaming, I entered my new place of work and I was greeted by George Oliver, the CEO of the agency, who had also conducted my interview. He was a bit bubblier then though, as he seemed quite nervous, shaking. “Hello Rosamund,” he said. “Please come on in.” 
His bureau was pretty fancy: sharped ornaments, brownish furniture and a carpet made of a bear’s skin. I remember having seen the head of the bear hanged on the wall with its mouth wide open. I’m guessing he’s one of these overly-excited, amateur road trip hunters. I think that I had also spotted a lava-lamp – the guy’s definitely going through his mid-life crisis. What most caught my eye though was his desk. It stood in the middle of the room and you could see the whole city – in its immensity – through a large glass window. His chair was elevated and that, along with the desk and the room in its complexity, symbolized the authority that he is trying to impose. I don’t blame him; it is a huge firm and everyone is eyeing that chair. Hence, the guy was a real shark. 
“Have a seat Rosamund,” he started. “I would like to tell you something.” 
Something. The time had come folks: he was giving me the case that the two officers had just briefed him about. He then bended toward me and said: “We have a case and I want you to take it in” he said. God, what have I just been told? He has a case and he wants me to take it in. Take it in; I love this job already. “But –”
 Although it lasted for a fraction of a second, his “but” left me perplexed. What conditional clause was he going to add? He was going to hand me a gun that I should have on me at all times. I had to change my identity if I fail to prove the suspect’s innocence because his family will then carry a vendetta against me. Or better, I was going to work with a chimp psychic. Now that would’ve been amazing. “It’s about defending Alexei Dmitriyev,” he said. 
Alexei Dmitriyev; the name sounded familiar. I’ve heard it a lot lately, but I didn’t have the craving curiosity to know who he was and what he had done – maybe because I was out of town at my parent’s in New York. It was very exciting though; having to defend a man whose last name is Dmitriyev. 
George Oliver was deeply shocked of my indifference toward the name. “You do know who Alexei Dmitriyev is, right?” 
“Will you strip me of the case if I didn’t?” I said. 
He chuckled. “No I won’t,” he said. “He’s the alleged bomber, the CRF bombing.”
I was taken aback by that: I was being asked to represent an alleged bomber. We are talking about a man who is suspected of having destroyed hundreds of lives – whether it was by taking people’s lives or maiming them. Still, I was buzzing of joy. 
He then laid a thick file on the table. “Here’s the full story Ms. O’ Hara” he said. “You can always check the news.” I took the file and I put it in my brand new briefcase. I then thanked him and left his office. I did not like his crook smile. 
I explored my new workplace: it was well-organized and my colleagues seemed friendly. I had a furnished office for myself: though it needed a few retouches. White leather sofas, two big colorful paintings and mood-setting lighting were all in my to-buy list. I had also once bought a big sign for my last workplace that said: “No Office Politics.” I used to hang it on my door. Hopefully I will not need it here. 
As I relished in my bureau’s future look, a colleague of mine came in to welcome me. It didn’t go so well. “So Rosamund,” he later said. “I see that you’ve been already given an assignment; what’s it about?” I seriously didn’t know how to answer such question. Was I supposed to show my excitement: that I am in charge of the Alexei Dmitriyev case? Or keep my head down, insist that I share everyone’s grief and promise that I will handle this professionally? So I asked him: “What do you think of Alexei Dmitriyev?” He looked at me with shocked eyes. Then, his astonishment soon turned into anger. “The bastard,” he mumbled. That comment was shocking. “Pardon?” I said. Ali – short for Alistair – had provocative eyes; he didn’t have them when I first met him. Then he did; when he had heard the name. “Alexei Dmitriyev destroyed this city,” he said. I laughed. It’s funny, Ali was a lawyer, yet it seemed that he had forgotten an important principal that he was asked to follow. “Ali,” I said. “Let me remind you of the golden rule in this business: aren’t you innocent until proven guilty?” 
He wanted to fire back, but I did not let him utter another word. I left my office and I decided to have lunch outside. I entered the elevator: an old woman was standing there. She had very white hair and puffy cheeks. “Oh you should be the new lawyer here right?” she asked politely. I smiled: I was getting some positive vibes from this lady; unlike Ali. At least, that is what I thought. “Yes,” I said. “It’s Rosamund O’ Hara.” 
I stretched out my hand politely. The woman though, wasn’t much interested in my handshake. Her eyes seemed as if they had popped out of her skull. I could sense shock, but anger as well – again. Once we had arrived to the ground floor, she got out quickly. 
What was going on? John and the lady had expressed their astonishment and then their resentment. John is a lawyer, yet he allowed himself to convict Alexei. The lady freaked out instantly when I had told her my name. Therefore, both of them were mad for one common reason: Alexei. But how did she know that I was representing him? And why did she storm out in such a way? There was something going on and I was about to find out. 
I strolled around in a nearby park while all these questions were turning in my head. I love this place: the McAlpine Creek Park. I actually love this whole city: Charlotte. The name alone makes me so comfortable. I wasn’t from here though, for I was Irish, born and bred in Dublin. It was only when I had finished my Master’s degree at the age of 22 that I decided to come here, in this nice city in North Carolina. Since then, the city has grown in me and I have become accustomed with the people’s do’s and don’ts; the Charlotteans, we call them. It’s really important to live in a city that you love – simply because it will not love you back. 
Well, I turned out to be an exception after all. I love my city, but from today on, my city does not love me. Something was going on, and I now know what it was. As I strolled around, I noticed that a lot of people were staring at me; men, women and children. I could see surprise in their eyes; followed by anger. First John, then the lady and now total strangers, what did I do wrong? 
Then, a little wind came along and answered all my questions: a newspaper landed in front of me. I picked it up. Then, I saw the headline along with a photo of me, it said: “Meet Rosamund O’ Hara, the woman who agreed to defend the nation’s most infamous criminal.”
New beginnings; they’re always the starting points of a long and hectic road. When we decide to hop on a new journey, we should be aware that we would be embarking on an adventure full of surprises. That is why we have to take precautionary measures in order to be ready for any problem that might come knocking on our doors. Today, my new law career has kicked off sooner than expected as I was given an official federal case against the odds. Though, my euphoria to such news quickly faded when I read the newspaper that I had picked up in the park. It said quite frankly: “Meet Rosamund O’ Hara, the woman who agreed to defend the nation’s most infamous criminal.” The bold headline certainly took me aback and as I sensed the hostility that surrounded me wherever I went, I realized that the new beginning that I have been longing was not that festive after all. The headline was clear, the editor was keen and the enemy had been declared. As I cast an eye over such declaration of war, I immediately knew that from today on, I am a reviled lawyer who is representing a despised man but what I didn’t know was where this new beginning was taking me. 
September 2
Prejudice; it is a preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience. It is quite a common affair, prejudice. We encounter it every day and while it could be intended to someone whom we find sympathetic, it could also be aimed at us. Preconceived ideas are made on daily basis and they usually occur due to a reckless judgment that we make toward a person. A person’s appearance or any other personal trait can lead you to make an unfavorable judgment that will remain your opinion until it is proven otherwise. Thus, prejudice can usually be overcome since a person’s true colors only require a small period of time to be exposed. That’s why being a victim of prejudice is nothing to be worried of because if you are confident of your own capabilities and state of mind, your genuine competences and feelings will show up sooner or later. Though, it is also worth mentioning that prejudice might be overcome – but it is the wait that might affect us. You see, before people realize their own prejudice, since they’ve already recklessly made a bad judgment, then there’s a probability that they’ve also made a reckless and bad decision. 
I know quite well how it feels to be a victim of prejudice. It all goes back to that autumn day in which I had the epiphany that I needed to change careers. When I told my family and friends about such new aspiration, I was laughed at, repetitively. “At your age?” they used to say. So many of them tried to discourage me, dispirit my enthusiasm, but I didn’t listen to them. I didn’t let them bring down my ambitions and I took their every word of dissuasion as a challenge; daring me to see it through.Here’s a piece of advice: never conform to the norms of society – because they don’t make it a reality. To break those norms, all you require is a powerful will to stand in the dark against the whole world and that alone will give you the support you need to triumph. 
Jane Austen perfectly explained the concept of prejudice. When she brought to life the fictional town of Meryton, she intended to draw a relationship between pride and prejudice. From the beginning, both Elizabeth and Darcy are prideful and prejudice. Elizabeth sees Darcy’s indifference and arrogance as pride, which leads her to dislike him. Darcy, misled by Eliza’s appearance and by her middle-class status, refuses to dance with her in the ball and later breaks her sister’s marriage with Mr. Bingley. However, Elizabeth soon realizes that her prejudice led her to judge Darcy's outer character and to fail to see his genuine modesty, while Darcy’s prejudice had veiled his eyes from the truth and he later realizes that he had committed a mistake in judging Elizabeth and her family. In the end, they both overcome each other's pride and prejudice, and accept their love.
Patience and strength is all you need to withstand the stream of prejudice. If I had listened to those bitter and jealous people, I wouldn’t be where I am today: in charge of such an important and controversial federal case. If the passive readers of Pride and Prejudice had decided to bury that book back in their bookshelves, they would never have known that Darcy and Eliza would end up together – that there would actually be a happy ending. Prejudice can be overcome and it only needs time and will. Though, what if people didn’t have enough time and will to spare? Patience and strength will keep us resilient during the wait for people to realize their preconceived ideas though they will be even more required when those people have no patience of their own. When people are prejudiced and impatient, it means that they would have already taken a decision to behave in a way that stands by their preconceptions. 
There are two victims in the prejudice that the people of this city hold against Alexei Dmitriyev. I am the first victim since I will be the person who is going to represent him in court. People should hold their grudge against the real culprit and not on a man who remains innocent – or his lawyer. I’ve never had problems with anyone in Charlotte and I have always felt that they were good and decent people. But every time I recall that daring newspaper headline or the resenting gazes that I have received the other day, I feel as if I were some pariah in this city. I’ve always loved the strangers that I come across on the streets but now I’m reconsidering such feeling. Here’s the difference between being an ordinary stranger and someone recognized by strangers: once society discovers only just a hint of your identity, it will immediately judge you. 
 The second victim in this type of prejudice is certainly Alexei himself. The people are right to be angry over what has happened but they should watch out on how they practice such anger. Now, they’re all convinced that Alexei did it and these preconceptions are first impressions left by the aftermath of the bombing. This prejudice compels them to take reckless action in order to heal their sorrows – and that’s when they resort to abuse. 
When I was surfing on Twitter this morning, it occurred to me to search the tag “Dmitriyev.” Hundreds of tweets flashed on my screen and they left me in great shock; surprised by what people had to say on social media. One of the tweets said: “1 RT = 1 Punch.” God, how could they be so violent? It’s great to be an opinionated person but it’s totally wrong to have such immoral and unjust opinions. I would have understood if it was only a couple of people who had such opinions, but seeing so many of them leaves me completely speechless; wondering why everyone was being forced down this endless abyss of prejudice and abuse. One thing was certain though: so far, the only proved wrongdoers in this affair are all these unreasonable people who were deceiving each other.
The prejudice that I have continuously encountered today was pretty normal – until I saw that billboard. Apparently, a poll had been made and a humungous poster said quite, cruelly: 
Alexei Dmitriyev: Capital Punishment? 90% in Charlotte Vote In Favor.
That was absurd in every possible way. How can you seriously decide on the punishment of a man who is yet to stand trial? Who would come up with such an audacious poll and who would be so inhumane, so foolish, to cast a vote? You know, one of the issues that compelled me to adopt a law career was the death penalty and the various stories that I have heard in which such form of retribution had been used. 
Capital punishment is a pretty debatable topic though I personally don’t find any valid arguments in those who support it. What’s the point of having a criminal killed on the spot like a testing rat? Criminals have to be punished but they’re also entitled to a minimum of respect and decency. I’m not asking you to send them flowers or flash them a smile when you see them: no, I just believe that their errors – even the most horrible ones – do not justify the justice that is being held upon them, or should I say, the revenge. They commit errors like we do and it is in our duty to help them. And do you know what’s the greatest punishment that a criminal could ever receive? Well, it’s simply the conscience of the error. Put them in prison and let them think of what they did. You’d be surprised what a guilty conscience could do.
I was furious upon seeing this awful billboard and it made me think of what was truly happening around me. The prejudice against Alexei Dmitriyev was amplifying and the grudge that dwells in the hearts of people had serious consequences on me and Alexei. I wonder what the future could possibly hold. Will this hate ever fade? Could these people ever forget their sorrows? I don’t know if things will ever get better in this controversial federal case that I’m handling but what I was certain of was this wandering feeling in my heart that most probably is warning me from incoming danger. 
Prejudice; it is a weapon that people hold without knowing at whom they’re pointing it at. It is relieving to know that prejudice can be overcome though we should also be aware that this recovery needs time and that such wait has consequences. During that period of self-deception, the people whom are prejudice about you will not hesitate in taking a decision and rarely are they friendly ones. Today, I assessed that the prejudice against Alexei has reached such a great level that it has pretty much involved everyone in the city. The masses are now certain that Alexei is a bad man and that he needs to be punished – despite the known fact that a person remains innocent until proven guilty. That is pretty much why I feel that this strong prejudice will have a big impact in this case. You see, the beliefs of the masses can be so strong that I now realize that their prejudice has one more victim – Justice. How can Alexei possibly stand in front of an enraged jury? Can this jury conceal their emotions and treat this case fairly, or will they be compelled to take reckless action to heal their sorrows? Anger, vengeance and resentment can all trigger preconceived ideas and the truth is that in a courtroom, even the least feeling of prejudice has the ability to find the innocent guilty.
September 4 
Criminals; it is said that they all look-alike. When you check the news, you will see the faces of criminals who have committed appalling crimes. But the question is; if it weren’t for the headline, would you recognize them? We pass by these people every day, yet we don’t try to sense their isolation, don't want to see the sadness in their expressions, the longing in their hearts and the loneliness in their eyes. These people can be recognized if we just look close enough. Their eyes can tell you a story; an unhappy past, ambivalent emotions and a secret taken to the grave. When you hear of the crime they have committed and link it to their badly-shaved face or cruel eyes, you will feel a sort of apathy toward them. But will you feel the same if they seemed like friendly-looking people? 
Two days ago, I concluded that Alexei and I were the victims of the city’s prejudice and that such continuous behavior would without a doubt affect justice. It’s no longer about me or Alexei; no, it’s now about justice. Biased people cannot make fair decisions simply because their preconceived ideas can sometimes leave in them this fierce feeling that pushes them to hold on to their beliefs with strong conviction despite superior evidence to the contrary. Prejudice blindfolds you from the truth and it inclines you to take decisions that are not grounded on rationality or reason. That is why prejudice can be quite dangerous in a courtroom: if the jury is so convinced with their own beliefs, how could they possibly make a fair and just judgment upon a person whose life is on the line? They simply can’t and thus I call everyone in this city to put their subjectivity aside just for the time being and reclaim their objectivity in order to make a proper judgment that only serves justice. 
Today, I decided to have a look at the picture of Alexei that was inside the file that George Oliver had given me the other day. At first, I hesitated upon opening the big folder and I had even started shaking of fear. A lot of pictures crossed my mind then: images of filthy criminals; tattooed from head to toe, riding their big motorcycles and giving you the middle finger on the highway. This description seemed quite predictable to me: taking in account the strong prejudice that has been made. Maybe were they misled by Alexei’s appearance? Well, now, I wish that Alexei had been a middle-aged, gelled-haired guy who is raising a moustache for Movember. Oh God, Alexei Dmitriyev is a kid. 
I couldn’t believe my eyes when I first had a glance at the picture. “This can’t be right” I whispered. I looked for any other picture in the file: hoping that I had got hold of the wrong one. Though as I thumbed through the folder, I couldn’t find any image – except the one that I held in my hand. I looked at it closely: trying to find a clue that this person in the picture was not Alexei Dmitriyev. But it was: this 19 year old handsome young man is Alexei Dmitriyev – the suspected criminal. He had black curly hair that formed endless circles around his hidden forehead and his white skin seemed so soft, gentle. His appearance seemed quite majestic, alluring, and his retroussé nose was pretty much the icing on the cake – a real handsome guy. 
Though, when I looked closely at the picture, what grabbed my attention the most were definitely these bright green eyes. His eyes, these glowing eyes, evoked mixed feelings in me. They talked to me, and I understood them. “I’m friendly,” they said. “I’m kind.” His eyes didn’t only transmit his kindheartedness and sensitiveness, but they also told me about all his desires and ambitions. I saw a boy who is ready to face the world; to blossom and to burst. Through these eyes, I felt his liveliness: that rebellious teenage urge to get out there and achieve his longed dreams. Before I placed the picture back in the file, his eyes scrutinized me one last time and they said: “I’m innocent.”
This connection that I had instantly felt the moment I had a glance at the picture was quite odd because I had never felt it before to anyone, at least not to strangers whom I’ve only just met. At first, this connection left me perplexed: wondering why everyone had decided to side against this kid. I was bewildered by the reasons behind the prejudice that has been going on and I tried to question what was happening around me. John, how could you condemn such a horrible crime to a boy aged equally to yours? Old lady, you’ve seen the faces of criminals before, how can your wisdom allow you to recklessly blame this teenager? This strong, poisonous prejudice had already spread across the whole city and I really wondered whether there was anyone out there like me – who sympathizes with him.
This connection that I had felt also left in me a strange wandering feeling: sadness. Let’s suppose that he is found innocent: will he ever be able to live normally? Alexei Dmitriyev has become the public’s enemy and I’m afraid that the soreness in their hearts will not fade – even after the trial. It’s over: society knows who this curly-haired boy is and they’ll keep on attacking him until he’s no longer part of it. God, how could he possibly resume his education? Who would dare employ him later on? The sadness in my heart increases every time I whisper Alexei’s name to myself. I’ve already memorized his face and its remembrance strikes me every time. I recalled his rebellious eyes that transpired so much ambition and I linked this enthusiasm to reality. He’s raring to go and face the world: but it saddens me to admit that the world does not want him anymore. All his dreams, all his desires had been destroyed long ago – upon the very first sign of prejudice. Even if I’m able to prove his innocence: what kind of justice am I really serving him?
When I was strolling back home from work in the afternoon, I saw a huge poster that portrayed Alexei. Obviously, it was no cheer artwork as the hostility behind the picture was quite noticeable. Many people cast an eye on it as they were passing by while a few stopped walking to admire this foolish attempt of banter. There was a woman and her little son who also stopped by and the child – who was barely five – looked at his mother and asked her about the identity of the person humiliatingly portrayed in this poster. She hushed her loud-voiced kid and she whispered to him: “This is Dmitriyev – the criminal.” Everyone around them promptly turned to the mother who had apparently uttered the taboo of society. The kid was also astonished though the reason behind his own surprise was quite different than the one behind these shaken faces among the gathering crowd. And well, it was for a wiser reason too. He gazed upon his mother and he said out loud quite innocently: “That’s no criminal Ma’, that’s a kid!” 
 The whole block plunged into total silence upon the child’s pearls of wisdom. You know, children always say the most natural of things. The innocence of a child’s words makes them a fair and objective point of reference. They aren’t familiar with influential feelings like soreness, bitterness and anger, and such neutrality leaves their opinions in tact – shaped through perception. Children might be wrong sometimes, but when they say something, hear them out – because their words are always theirs, and no one else’s. 
Many were shocked by the kid’s striking utterances while a few seemed quite angry and offended. The mother quickly laid her hand on her son’s mouth to stop him from saying any other daring word. I had a glance at this scene in which the child had outsmarted the adult and I soon walked away – finally letting someone to speak on my behalf. 
Criminals: the truth is that they don’t all look-a-like. You could be deceived by appearance; because even the friendliest looking person on Earth could turn out to be a criminal. That is why we are told to always think critically and to see things not the way we would want them to be – but truly the way they are. Though, appearance might be able to trick you into believing false perceptions, feelings can push you down that same path as well. When I saw Alexei’s picture, I felt something. There was this sore sadness that wandered in the bottom of my heart and it grows every time I think of Alexei. Every time I remind myself of his rebellious eyes, I become rebellious: wanting to react at this unfair prejudice. And you know, I now realize that this feeling is even more dangerous than the prejudice around me. It evokes a lot of emotions in me and these emotions, like those of the enraged people, can affect justice. Anger and vengeance may find the innocent guilty, but compassion can turn the guilty innocent – and that is no justice, at all. 
September 7
Families; they’re the people with whom you are related. A wise man once said: “My family is the wealthiest family in the world; the only thing they didn’t have was money.” This is something you should all know. The wealth in a family does not lie in materialistic possessions, but rather in affection, support and happiness. We live in a money-oriented world and for some; money is a source of happiness. They believe wealth determines value and they all queue on the road to riches. Well I can tell you this, not a check in the world can buy happiness – no matter how many zeros there are. You’re not lucky to be born in a rich family; you are when you’re born in a loving one. Every family has a secret and do you know what’s the main ingredient in each and every one of them? Love. 
My own family hasn’t always been there for me though. I have vague memories of my childhood and that is because I haven’t enjoyed it much.You know, some things can be easily forgotten if you want them to – but they won’t be as easily remembered. Yes, all these years, I have been repressing my childhood memories and thus you would understand why I have such poor recollection of this vague and distant part of my life. I remember that my father was always working and that my mother abused alcohol. I can recall this very well: my brother and I used to come back home from school and find that mother had passed out on the couch. My mother is fine now, and I hold no grudge toward her today, but I think that I’ll never be able to find it in my heart to truly forgive her. She completely ruined my childhood; leaving me during most of my nights in tears. It’s really hard to have a parent who abuses alcohol, or even a cigarette for that matter. I drink and smoke at times, but I’ve never abused either one of them. I’ve always said to myself that some drink occasionally, others smoke occasionally, and if you are both then it means that you’re only having them for the occasion. But if you aren’t, then you are an irresponsible and selfish human being. Do you enjoy losing control of your own body and let it do things that you aren’t proud of? Do you find comfort in the cigarette that’s in your hand? What about the other people in your life?The children who care about your health, the friends who enjoy your company, what about them? What happens to them when you selfishly decide to feed your own twisted desires with the possibility that they might be holding the ultimate consequence? God, man up, lose your filthy addictions and get back control of your own life. 
My father had no addictions, nothing I am aware of, but he was still below par for me, well at least below the pedestal that I had raised him to. He was always at work and when he came back, he never even tried to reach out to me. You know what’s really sad about families? Families take each other for granted – but they’d be surprised that even such entity can be broken. Taking for granted: do you know what does it truly mean? We take people for granted: assuming that they’ll always be there, that we can be lazy with them at times and not always be true and good to them. They won’t go away; I can be passive with them today, mean, indifferent. Oh how are you wrong, friend. We all take people for granted – unaware that they might be gone at any moment, leaving us no chance to make it up to them. 
Now my family is no sad story in all, because there was still one member whom I’ve still not mentioned – my brother. Mikey, now he was my rock. You may not be aware of it yet, but if you have a sibling, I’ll assert it to you that they are the best family member you’ll ever have. Trust me, is there anyone like them out there; who knows you so well, who’ll always help you out when you need them, and mostly, with whom you can truly be yourself? My brother was the secret in my family and it made it a whole lot better. I hold no anger against my parents today and I call myself lucky to have a family; saddened by those who don’t. As I say, a child without a mother needs affection; a child without a father requires attention.
Now, why am I talking about families? Well, today, I had a look at Alexei’s family. Before I went on checking each and every member, I observed a family picture. It really was a beautiful picture. They were all around a bench – in Little Sugar Creek Greenway I reckon. It was an old photo, since the little boy on the right was Alexei. He was holding a cotton-candy stick and they were all smiling at the camera. I think the whole family was present: the parents and Alexei’s three siblings. His father was pretty old at that time and so was his mother. They had tired eyes: it must have been a difficult life. On the left, there were his two sisters; he had really pretty ones. In the center of the picture, there was the eldest sibling; Isaak. He was laughing; shaping his fingers as horns and displaying them behind his sister’s head. The whole family seemed so happy, so normal. 
 Now, after having had a glance at this picture, I decided to have a little “background check” of the family. I started with the parents, only to move on to Alexei and Isaak. It turns out that Alexei’s family also had a secret. This secret does not lie in warm embraces, or in a precise family member like in mine. It actually lurks beneath the marvels of hard-work and sacrifice. Parents make a lot of sacrifices for their children; like downsizing their vehicle to save up more on college funds or working a few extra hours in winter to get them nice gifts for Christmas. However, in some circumstances, the ultimate sacrifice is to let go of everything you have of value and move. Yes, I’m talking about immigration. Every year, so many parents leave their land behind and they head to more fertile ones. They do so to guarantee their children a better life, of quality and dignity. It is a pretty hot and debatable topic; immigration. So many people in this country are against it, but I believe that all these diversified cultures that step foot in this country should be festively welcomed; because they are simply puzzle pieces to an even greater culture, the USA’s. Maybe I say this because I also come from another country, but in the end, who doesn’t? 
So, Alexei’s family are new settlers here. His parents had left their hometown, Drohobych in Ukraine along with Isaak who was eight then, and his sister who was only a few months old. They settled in Charlotte; renting a little flat in a decent area of the city. The father was hired as a mechanist and the mother worked in a local toy factory. Soon, Alexei was born and so had his youngest sister. As they all grew up together, it was inevitable that they would part ways again one day. Alexei’s parents wanted to go back home after all their children had accessed a good education and therefore could’ve lived on their own. Both sisters accompanied them, but Isaak stood ground and Alexei, who had grown attached to his brother, joined him. That’s how the Dmitriyev family split ways and it is when the American dream began for Isaak and Alexei. Only Alexei was born here, but both of them can be considered as Americans. You see, I think one is not restricted to the borders in which they’ve been born with; your origins do not determine who you choose to be. So like family, only love can decide which city is yours. It seems that Isaak and Alexei loved Charlotte, therefore it’s theirs. Again, I relate to this because some people tell me that I come from Dublin and not from here. It’s actually quite annoying, to be told that. People will always be reminding you of your roots and associating you with the people you’re supposedly linked to, but never let them bring you down. If you feel at home, somewhere, anywhere, then tuck your flag and settle – because, dear, the world is all yours. 
After getting to know the family in general, I went on digging in Alexei’s and Isaak’s mind. First and foremost, I wanted to become Alexei’s friend. If I was able to become his friend, I’ll be able to look into his life. If we share the bond of friendship; we’ll share a life. This idea of friendship came to me when I had said that compassion could turn the guilty innocent. What did I mean by that? Well, if I become too attached to Alexei; if I let my human emotions overwhelm me; I will lose objectivity, and thus I will lose track from true justice. I don’t want that to happen because my goal is to serve justice – and not hide it. That is why I decided to look into Alexei’s past, get to know him better, and break that barrier of “stranger” that separates him from me. As a friend, I will have a better vision of things and I will be able to determine if I’m in denial – that I let my emotions get the better of me – or that this connection between us is convincing enough; that I know him so well that he wouldn’t have done such a thing. 
 So, how can I know him better? What mean will help me discover his personality? Well, these days, socializing has never been easier. With one click, I can make my way to the back of his mind: thanks to Twitter. Each tweet told me one thing about him. That’s what I did all day; scanning his account. There are two tweets that I enjoyed reading.
“15 billion was spent on the Olympics; imagine if that money was used to feed those in need all over the world.”
This tweet doesn’t simply show his charitable and giving personality. It expresses his benevolence and his will to change the world. I think most kids feel this way. Their innocence always wants to call attention to the injustice around them. They always feel compelled to help out the needy; to make the world a better place. In a way, it shows – I wouldn’t say their naivety – but rather their idealism about the world we live in; the perfect life they envision. Well, personally, I believe that the world is meant to be an imbalanced one; a world that is destined to have segregation between people. Some would condemn such statement; they think Mankind is responsible for the all things that are happening around the globe. But that isn’t the case, because the world, with all its flaws, is something way above us. The truth is that we are powerless in front of these issues. This also applies to matters of life and death. How could we have prevented the CRF bombing and save the lost lives and the sorrowed hearts? Mankind is responsible, fine, then how about all the natural catastrophes that happen so often and that leave behind nothing but devastation and suffering? Anyway, I’m happy to see that Alexei is rebellious about such issues. It’s funny, he’s set to help out all the needy across the world yet he would destroy the lives of a bunch of people? Well, at least one of these intentions was false. 
 “Life is about enjoyment, not success.”
My mother used to say this to me when I was young. It’s a wise saying in a way. I mean, don’t you feel that sometimes you give something your ultimate best, yet you fail to live up to your own expectations? But you shouldn’t be disappointed there; because you cannot regret something you gave your best to, you really can’t. And those people won’t end up as average men and women later on: average people are those who can do better but choose not to. That is why you should be satisfied with what you have achieved in life even if it is not what you had exactly planned. Enjoy what you do and enjoy what you get. So, Alexei says that one should enjoy life, then why would he waste his own? 
Going over Alexei’s tweets somehow reminded me of myself. I learned about a normal teenager with whom I could easily relate to. His humbleness makes him a boy who knows the value of life and appreciates the things around him. He has a hopeful view of the world and he’s enthusiastic to change it to the better. But all the tweets that I have seen mostly defined one trait in him and it is his genuine sincerity. Sincerity; I’ve seen it in his tweets and I have seen it once before: in his eyes. Now, this friendship that I’m trying to build between us is already paying off. You see, through his tweets, I wanted to see something different. I wanted to see a different Alexei; not the one who is being portrayed by all those who abuse him in this city. Do I need this to reassure my conscience? I’m going to tell you a secret. If two of your own friends are in a dispute, they will both try to convince you that they’re right and that the other person is wrong. So, how do you know who’s at fault? Well, first you have to take a step back and visualize things from distance. Then, you should realize that this problem is only between them; therefore you should not judge any of them. If you realize that, your perception instantly turns into reality, and then you can know the truth. That is what I did today; through these tweets, I was able to perceive the reality and give Alexei a moment of clarity. His sincerity, I am certain, is the sufficient proof for his incorruptibility. 
Finally, Isaak was the main object of my deliberation today. I’ve seen a few other pictures of him and it seems to me that he’s a bit different. According to what I have heard, he’s an apathetic guy with an inflated ego. We should not put it that way and I know very well what made people say these kinds of things. People often take someone else’s pride as provocative; that their eyes easily transmit disdain. They think that such arrogance determines their unconcerned behavior, the lack of interest in their surroundings. Well, the truth is that these people are not proud, but shy, and it’s not that they’re indifferent, they just lack the expression.
You have a lot of people as such, my own brother is one. He’s so different when he’s outside the house. When he’s around people, he becomes more discrete, less outgoing. A lot of people interpret his silence as condescension, that he’s better than the rest. Yet, I know Mikey; he’s the most thoughtful and easy-going person I’ve ever seen. Coming to think of it, we all act differently away from home. We all somehow lose our real personality when we’re among strangers. You know a person’s real identity when they’re in a place with a sense of security: home. That is what family is all about: being around people with whom you can act normally – without needing that mask we all wear every day. 
 Families; they’re the people that love – not blood – ties you to them. It’s really important to be around people who care about you because they’ll let you be your true self. Every family holds a heavy baggage with them and we might not always enjoy being part of them. But I’ve never lost hope in my own family, and today, I’ve never felt closer to them. Maybe it’s time, or independence, but whatever it was, it clicked in my family and I believe that this can happen in any other. Now, as I remember the family picture of the Dmitriyevs, I feel a bit uneasy; thinking about how this wonderfully-looking family broke apart. I think parents’ biggest fear is to have their child die before them. They were all so happy and now, this is what happens to them: a son – Isaak – is dead and the other – Alexei – is in a coma. A family is an entity that can be broken but what’s really sad is when you have a family that is broken – without its own consent. 

September 8
Enemies; they’re the people who are actively opposed or hostile to you. You may not be aware of an enemy, and sometimes the feeling is mutual. It’s quite a common affair; not to be aware of someone who’s plotting against you. Even those you deem close to you could end up being your adversary. It is when their darkest intentions are drawn into oblivion that this malevolence becomes dangerous – because then it would be betrayal, a bitter emotion that makes you want to hit back. When that status of enemy has been reached by both parties, it could either result in one big hustle that settles it all, or it could leave in you a constant sense of hatred towards the other that could last forever. 
 I’ve never had a lot of enemies in my life. My diplomacy always kept me away from conflict, and when I feel that something’s coming, I turn my back on it. Being diplomatic can be really helpful in society. Sometimes when you respect others so much, it’s really rare of them to want to push your buttons. I mean, if a person realizes your high respect to them, they will feel compelled to respect you back – because they would feel ashamed if they didn’t. Shame; it’s truly an effective weapon that I advise everyone to use. Once people feel only just a hint of shame, they immediately draw back, retreat in order to realize the reason behind their blushed cheeks, or their wandering fever. Of course, there are always those very few people who don’t feel a bit of shame for their actions. I encountered such kinds of individuals when I first started working as an economist. It’s a little scary; to enter the professional world for the first time. Newcomers always find it hard to adapt to the intense competition in it. It’s like playing musical chairs; the people around you are all waiting like hawks to get your place, which is at risk to be lost at any time. I remember when I pulled off my first promotion. The people around me were fuming. “She’s too young,” a few said, “It had to be me.” The truth is that your success will always be someone else’s discontent. Even if you try to make things right, you’ll learn it the hard way that no good deed goes unpunished. 
Today, I met my new enemies, at least a few of them. Since I’ve taken in this case, I have been feeling a bit excluded. Friends stopped calling and when I dial the telephone myself, ‘nobody’s home.’ Even when I’m among strangers, there’s always this irritating pitying gaze that I receive wherever I am. I feel as if I were some pariah in this city – and I do not like it. At noon, I was passing by the Charlotte Fire Department's administration office on 9th Street. Everyone around me then was staring at me, constantly. I saw disgust in their eyes, and hate.A person behind me even whispered to his friend: “that’s the bitch.” I turned around promptly after that comment and I looked at him right in the eye. His friend chuckled, “what’s with the look lady” he said. I kept on walking then; ignoring the comments arising from right and left. 
Though, my real nemesis didn’t show up until I got back from work in the afternoon. As I strolled back home, I noticed that a man had parked his car a few blocks away and started following me. I first gained pace to avoid him but then I decided to slow down and face him. Soon, he caught me up. He was a 5ft10’ guy wearing a black and white suit with a wrongly-tied tie. His thin transparent eye-glasses zoomed in on devilish-looking eyes. Hence, he had a very sleazy look and from the moment I saw him, I knew that he was up to no good. “Excuse me,” he said calmly. “Are you Ms. Rosamund O’ Hara?”
That was a question of which he knew the answer. He knew exactly who I was as he has had his eye on me at least since I crossed the Trade and Tryon intersection. Though, a lot of us start conversations with a rhetorical question; inquiring about something we already know about. It’s a form of politeness I guess, or nosiness. I posed for a few seconds before answering him. I architected a smile and nodded. “I’m Aaron,” he then said. He said it so innocently, as if I knew who Aaron was. I didn’t know anyone with the name of Aaron; except my uncle, his name was Aaron, but he’s dead. My emotionless eyes hinted at my unfamiliarity. “The DA” he later said. Aaron the DA; still didn’t ring a bell. You know, when people talk slowly yet unclearly, it shows that they’re fishing for something. I remained blank, until he added: “In the Dmitriyev case.” 
That’s more like it. Though, the last thing he uttered did announce trouble. A district attorney represents the government in the prosecution of a defendant. He has the opposite role of mine: to see Alexei behind bars. More importantly, he’s not only representing the government – but the public as well. I’m surrounded by that public, these enraged people who’ve been staring at me all day. Yet there he is, representing them, which means he’s one of them. Hence, the head of the snake. I soon regained my composed expression and I responded promptly: “Nice to meet you, Aaron.” A wall of silence separated us for a while. I couldn’t just walk away, nor was I going to chitchat with him. 
He was eventually going to break the stalemate; he wanted to. “So,” he started. “How does it feel to be the public’s enemy?” Now that was no rhetorical question; more of a wicked one. His comment took me off guard and for a moment, I felt part of my defenses melt away under his gaze.A strong feeling of insecurity generated in me; leaving me petrified in front of an imposing character. Nevertheless, I held on to my composed face, an uneasy one to read, for him not to exploit the fear in me. “I beg your pardon, Aaron?” I asked. How about that question? To ease the pressure that was surmounting on me, I pretended that I did not hear his inquiry. That makes you gain more time and enables you to react more cautiously. “Isn’t it hard to be the nation’s most despised lawyer?” he then said. I was certain of his malevolence. “Aaron,” I said. “I hope you didn’t follow me all the way here to tell me this?” 
“I came here to see the kind of monster you are,” he said promptly. “To see the famous Rosamund O’ Hara who’d accept such a case.” 
Now he was just being vile. First, God, I just met the guy and he calls me a monster. Well, I was called a bitch a few hours ago, so this was kind of sweet. But he’s a prosecutor, my correspondent; shouldn’t there be a minimum of respect between us? He’s not just another stranger who I’ll never see again. We’re entering a courtroom together; will his arguments be as violent? More importantly though, I’m wondering why he has attacked me in such a brutal way? Has his professionalism been easily overwhelmed by the anger dwelling in his heart? Or is there a slightly darker agenda behind his assault? 
I stood silently for a while. Aaron’s eyes were scrutinizing me closely; watching my every facial movement, alert for any new feeling that may arouse in me and that could turn into his own advantage. His eyes were actually pretty terrifying. You know, there are different kinds of eyes in this world. You have the ones that show passion and ambition and there are also a lot of them that transmit friendliness and sympathy. However, for a very few, some eyes transmit insolence and audaciousness, hence, hostility. I was seeing these kinds of eyes in front of me, Aaron’s. They were even blue, and God were they huge – maybe because of the glasses. 
I was soon annoyed by his impudence and I decided to deal whatever problem he had with me. I lifted my sunglasses – yes I’m one of those people that wear their sunglasses in winter – and I looked at him right in the eye, even if it hurt my own eyes when I did. “Aaron,” I said. “It really disappoints me to see that a lawyer like you would make such a remark. If you want me to treat you like the rest of the people around you, then please do knock yourself out. Otherwise, behave professionally because I’m no friend of yours for you to talk to me in such a shameful way.” 
I love long replies. When I’m frustrated, I always reply to people with long well-thought-of speeches. It’s really important to think about what you want to say before you say it. Formulate your sentence properly to avoid any confusion. I’m sure you know that feeling when well after a dispute, you come up with this brilliant argument or comment and you wish you had said it then. Well that’s an annoying feeling, that’s why take some time to think of what you’re about to say before you do – even if you’d look stupid; standing there, wordlessly. 
Aaron took a step back and kept his head down for a moment. As he thought of a way to respond, I felt a nice feeling circulating in me; a reassuring feeling that I was in control; it was power. I felt powerful there, standing in front of Aaron who had been taken aback by my prompt reaction. His imposing air melted away instantly while the intimidation that he had imposed on me was slowly fading. Then, like in wars, when your enemy suffers one defeat, you must immediately hit them back again and again until they succumb to frailty: that is what I did. As Aaron wanted to take another step back, I took one forth. “Aaron,” I said. “A lawyer like you should know better. If it is prejudice that I see in your eyes, deriving from hate and anger, then you Sir do not deserve the rank that you hold in the organization that a true lawyer belongs.”
It was then that I had seen Aaron’s real terrifying eyes; ones that hold sheer of hate. He looked at his surroundings; he seemed worried, confused and angry. His eyes transmitted resentment, but they concealed a plan as well. He soon showed his teeth – that urgently called for a tooth brush – and then he adjusted his smile to form a certain air of mischief. He took a step forward, then another one until he stood inches away from me. He looked at his right, then said out loud: “Rosamund O’ Hara, the lady who’s defending Alexei Dmitriyev, the man who destroyed this city. It’s funny how you seem so serious and determined to see your client escape his deserved punishment. Are you listening people?” 
What a dirty trick he had just played. Knowing that everyone in this city despise me, Aaron puts me in the spotlight in front of them. He creates the assertions needed and he makes up enough lies to attract the people’s attention. Soon, everyone was staring at me and they approached slowly toward us until they formed a circle around us. It was like a real boxing match – except here, I wouldn’t limit myself to knocking him out. Aaron flashed his diabolic smile at me again and he said: “Just admit it Rosamund, Alexei’s guilty and you know it.” 
Aaron, I vividly remember yesterday and I wasn’t born during it. I know exactly what kind of game you’re playing there and I won’t fall for it. He’s trying to incriminate Alexei by manipulating my conscience, putting me in shame in front of everyone. He’s just like the rest of them; they’re all trying to heal their sorrows by bringing justice to the death – an immediate one rather than an effective one. I will not tolerate that. “Aaron,” I said. “Do you see the sun?” He nodded. “Well,” I continued. “It’s not always there, sometimes it’s hidden behind dark clouds and it might even be eclipsed by the moon. But in the end, it’s always there. The sun, my dear, is like the truth. It will always be there, above us, and no one, I repeat, no one can hide it for too long. So today I stand in front of you, and all of you to tell you this, this truth, you may attack it, you may deride it, but in the end, it is there. It is there, so stop with the prejudice and wait for justice, and you Aaron, if you stay this way, then I suggest you never come near me ever again.” Then, I put my sunglasses back on and I stormed out of the crowd. 
Enemies; they’re the people that you would want to avoid. We pass by new-faces every day; unable to see their real intentions and their genuine capabilities. It’s funny how you can accumulate so many enemies in a short period of time. It makes you think again, about the things you have done that might have invited a few. When you have a lot of enemies, you begin to question your practices and you start thinking of a plan that could reduce that count. But what if you haven’t done anything wrong? What if you’re a just a victim of the easily deceived society that we live in? Do you continue to carry out what you do, or do you just back off? Well, here, it is no question whether to see how many enemies you have or how could you avoid them – but how dangerous they can be. 
September 11 
Allies; they’re the people who aren’t necessarily close to you but who have the same interests as you. Allies have similar objectives and they help each other to achieve them. That is why an alliance is formed; to share forces and become stronger. Sometimes, this alliance has no opponent; the only difficulties that stand in its way are the challenges of life and nature. However, there comes a time when an alliance isn’t only formed to enhance its success, but to avoid feeling alone in front of a powerful enemy. When alliances compete against each other; the winner isn’t always the one with the strongest partner but rather the alliance that has the strongest relationship between its members. If this relationship is resilient and cooperative; then nothing can stop it. 
God do I need an ally right? Three days ago, I realized how many enemies I have accumulated and I have come to a conclusion that some could be dangerous – like Aaron. Now what’s really bad here is that Aaron, my declared opponent, was supposed to be my ally, since both of us have one primary goal – and that is justice. However, Aaron has chosen a slightly darker path as he is so raring to see Alexei behind bars that he has forgotten the essential aim in his job and that is to do justice to the law. His dishonest ambitions will take me on a hectic journey as I will have to struggle with this man who is without a doubt, powerful. That is why I have to find an ally whom I can rely on – someone who can cover my back when I’m not looking. Today, I think I have found that ally.
It was a nice Saturday morning and as usual, I woke up at around 10 am. I had breakfast in my little terrace that overlooks Charlotte’s beautiful skyline. I spend hours on this terrace during the weekends. I get to think about yesterday, and tomorrow. It is really important to have some time for yourself; to assess your situation and to realize whether or not you are happy. Well, I have lots of time for myself in this empty home. Though I do not regret living all by myself – it is definitely better than living with your parents. And I did experience marriage before, and God did that work. Anyway, I don’t live alone; I’ve got Zorro.
Zorro is my Yorkshire dog and he; he is my knight in shining armor. He doesn’t reach my knee but believe me, his strength and courage lies inside. When he’s annoyed, mad or even curious, he immediately mutates into a real hound. His barks are like the roars of a lion and one bite of his can tear you apart. Now I could go on all day talking about Zorro but I’d like to make a point here. If you don’t have a pet and you want to heal your solitude, get one immediately. You will realize that a pet makes a better companion than a person. A pet is truly the humblest creature in this world because you will certainly get to know that they can be protecting, caring and loyal. But most of all, a pet is a friend who will never judge you. 
I drank my tea waiting for time to go by. Then, I gave in to my tic; grabbing my cellphone. Thank God I did. It occurred to me to check my inbox and as I saw an irrelevant email, I suddenly remembered that I had a meeting today. “Shoot” I said. I had to meet Judge Jennifer Clark; the federal magistrate in my case. I looked at my cellphone’s watch; it was in exactly twenty minutes. 
I hurried and wore my clothes – and I wasn’t drinking anything while dressing up, lessons learned. I poor some water in Zorro’s little plate and I got out of the house. I entered my car and I drove away. The streets were almost empty and the city seemed like a real ghost-town. So I speeded. 
As I flew in these car-less streets, I realized that there were more frequent banners posted around. I tried to figure out their invitation; but the handwriting was too small. Though, I knew very well what they were calling forth. I spotted Alexei’s name, and a few horrid adjectives that supposedly described him. I saw dates, hours and locations; something was coming. These people were up to no good: those posters formed an invitation for something dark. I didn’t like it. 
I continued speeding until a police car inevitably chased me. I slowed down and I awaited the policeman to come. It was the same man who stopped me some two weeks ago. “Damn it,” I said: I was on my last warning. This wasn’t the time and I was already late. The policeman was still behind. I looked from across the rear-mirror; he was oddly hesitant. “What is he waiting for?” I asked myself. He soon approached the car. He ducked to see me through the window and when our eyes crossed; he suddenly looked away. “Ma’am,” he said. “I’m sorry I shouldn’t have chased you.” He then walked away and hurried to his car. “Great,” I said. “I now scare policemen.” 
I speeded even faster until I soon arrived in a hostile-looking business district. I slowed down to get the address right; but I no longer needed the GPS because another voice was shouting from the outside; Aaron’s. “It’s here,” he yelled. “Park on the right” I parked on the left just to annoy him.I put on my sunglasses and I got out of the car. In front of me, Aaron was standing next to his red shiny Ferrari. I hurried to the entrance of the building, but the man had to say something. He looked at my car and he then said: “the country’s most hated lawyer is underpaid ah?” God I would’ve ran him over if I was in the car. I looked at his car and then at him and I said: “They’re paying you that much for being an asshole?”He wanted to hit back but I quickly went inside. 
 There she was, Judge Jennifer Clark. She was a dark-haired woman in her late 50s. From the first look, I knew that this woman was a good one. You see, I was worried that the judge would also be like Aaron, someone taken by the stream of prejudice and abuse. I hoped that she could be someone whom I could rely on – and I was sure she would be when I first saw her. My reassurance wasn’t due to her professional outfit or her serious posture, but rather her eyes – full of wisdom. 
Ms. Clark greeted me into her office with a big warm smile. There was something about that smile. It did not only derive from gracious civility – but from praise, applause and reverence. This lady respected what I am doing and she looked willing to help me. 
Aaron soon joined us and the meeting began. Ms. Clark handed us a thick file that contained a great amount of information and interrogations; subject to be filled by the lawyers in charge. Aaron filled out the questioners immediately and that stunned me. I took some time to read what was in the file and I soon realized that I couldn’t answer these questions. It wasn’t that I was misinformed or unfit to do so; the problem was this clear statement in bold: 
The beginning of the trial is due on the 1st of October. 
I looked at my watch. “That’s in three weeks” I mumbled. This case hasn’t matured yet; it can’t possibly be the subject of trial anytime soon. This was actually mad: I’ve never heard any crime that has had its trial held in less than a month after it occurred – even for the least minor crimes. This was obscene: who would’ve agreed to fix such a date for such a case?
I posed my pen on the table and I sat silently there; looking at Ms. Clark, innocently. “Is something wrong my dear?” she soon said. 
“Yes,” I replied promptly. “I cannot fill out these papers.” 
Suddenly, Aaron stopped writing and turned swiftly towards me. He did it so abruptly as if he expected me to say this – that he knew exactly the reason behind my hesitation. I slowly looked at him in the eye and I spotted an even greater mischief than I had before – he was not happy at what I was about to say. 
“It’s the date of the trial,” I later said. “Isn’t it a little too early?” 
The judge took her own file and went over it. She read the date and she seemed as even astonished as I was. Though, she didn’t seem too enthusiastic to refuse it. “It is oddly early,” she said. “I don’t know why they fixed it so early from now.” 
They fixed it. Who are they? It’s weird; to have the judge saying such a thing. However, I was relieved that it wasn’t her who had fixed this date. I was so not only because I do believe that this lady is not one of them, but also that she had the power to rearrange it. I only had to convince her. But Aaron hit first. 
He placed the file on the table and he clicked down his pen. “Your Honor,” he began. “The date should be maintained for many reasons. This terrible event has shaken us all in this city and we’re all still grieved and sad. People are still mourning over their sons and daughters, brother and sisters, while others are waiting patiently at hospital doors for a miracle. This city cannot function normally if the headlines remain centered around the same horrid news. We should all move on and delaying this trial any further will most certainly impose on all of us tragic memories and soring scars. This has been going on for far too long and the people of this city really need to see closure.”
Aaron was right. This city is still mourning over the dead; you can see this through the empty streets. Some shops and stores haven’t opened since the incident and people haven’t been commuting to work or school. The bombing has certainly left a huge impact on this city’s economy and morale as well. I also want to see my city back, but Aaron; I should inform you that you have missed a few points there. 
“I agree with all that has been said, Aaron,” I started. “But your Honor I still do believe that the trial should be postponed until a later time in the future. Correct, this city is still suffering after the horrible incident that has happened, but that is truly the ultimate proof of the delicacy of the affair. Make no mistake; we should not rush into this because one error will cost us dearly. The people out there are still grieving, but how can we heal such grief if we don’t covey them justice. That’s the whole point, seeking justice for the people that have lost their lives and restore it. That is why we must adjourn the trial; for the people, for justice.” 
Aaron remained stunned after my speech while Ms. Clark smiled at me. Her smile instantly relieved me because it was undoubtedly the sign of her approval. “Very well,” she soon said. “The trial is adjourned: it will be held right before the Christmas holidays.” 
That was fantastic.I thought that I needed to convince her again to hold the trial three months from now; assuming Aaron would not settle for such date. Though, I didn’t need to utter a single word – she had read my mind. 
Meanwhile, as I contemplated the time that I have just bought, someone else in the room was entirely frustrated. Suddenly, I felt a bizarre negative wave coming from my left. I turned towards Aaron; he was shaking and biting his fingers. “Are you alright, Aaron?” Ms. Clark said. Brusquely, Aaron stood up and looked at me with terrifying eyes. I saw flames in them, I really did. I was instantly petrified by that frightening look and I kept my head down. “You,” he said. “You made a big mistake.” And he stormed out of the room. 
Allies; they’re the people whom you desperately need on your side. When they join you, you will feel in them a sense of security. If they’re numbered; you will feel big and if they’re powerful, you will be able to rely on them. An alliance is sometimes formed for the personal interest and gain of each party concerned. However, today, I met an ally who has exactly the same interest as mine – and that is justice. Ms. Clark; I can confirm her benevolence and her will to help me out. She’s wise and more importantly, she has power. She’s the magistrate in this affair and therefore the de facto power lies in between her palms. It’s nice to finally have someone on your side, but sometimes this sense of security can be instantly destroyed when you get to discover that your alliance is no match in front of your opponent. I don’t believe that Aaron has any dangerous ally, but today I came to realize that he didn’t need anyone because he was already too powerful all by himself. I’ve noticed this power when I first confronted him – it originated from his imposing and intimidating figure. However, it is frightening to say that today I saw another side of him, through his fueling eyes; I saw the power that he holds, that it doesn’t simply derive from bitterness – but from evil, as well.
September 19
Delusions; they’re the beliefs that are held with strong conviction despite superior evidence to the contrary. You’ll say it sometimes; that the people around you are deluded. Sometimes, people deceive each other: if someone finds out that someone else has the same beliefs as them – and that they are daring and opposed to the views of the general public – they will stop hiding their own belief or opinion and they will join that person. And when the number of these people increases; they will all feel a certain confidence – that has the power to stop them of thinking rationally or logically. This is when it becomes serious; when you have masses of people thinking and acting in the same way – without using any reason, at all. 
You obviously know who I’m implying here; the people of this city, the Charlotteans – at least a great portion of them. First, they were prejudiced against Alexei; asserting his culpability while they know very well that you’re innocent until proven guilty. Then, they abused him and his lawyer by attacking the former on social media and insulting the latter in person. Now, all of this is utterly disgraceful but it remains within the limits. But what if they crossed the lines and broke the boundaries of tolerability? Well, today, they certainly have destroyed any restrictions that stood in their way. It is no longer subject of prejudice or abuse – it has become insanity. 
It was a nice sunny Sunday and I had decided to go to the park and have a little picnic with my dear Zorro. I packed a little basket; a nice squared red-checkered cloth, a few sandwiches, some jam and bread and a bottle of water. We left the house at around noon; I placed Zorro on the passenger seat and I drove away. It was supposed to be a beautiful day. 
Soon, we were stuck in an unusual traffic. We waited for five minutes, ten, fifteen; the car didn’t move an inch. “What’s going on” I said to myself – or rather to Zorro. I exited the vehicle to see if the traffic lights weren’t working. However, the traffic lights were working perfectly fine: it turns out that the car in front of me was vacant. “What the hell!” I yelled. “Who left their car in the middle of the road?” I approached the vehicle and I soon noticed that the car in front of it was also driver-less. I looked well in front of me: all the cars were empty and left aside! “What is going on?” I whispered. I turned around; only to notice that people were also leaving their cars behind mine and were heading to an unknown destination. An old man on the sidewalk was holding a newspaper. I was able to read the title of the back-page. “Oh my,” I mumbled. It said in bold: “Isaak’s Burial Provokes Havoc and Protests.” 
It makes all sense now; all these banners that I’ve been seeing on the roads were an invitation for hypnosis – to join this barbaric organization. I had heard that the issue of Isaak’s burial had been continuously mentioned on the news, but I didn’t expect people to go as low as to reject it and to organize protests to impose on it. “Are they seriously doing this?” I said. 
I went back to my car and I pulled the breaks definitively. “I’ll be back” I told Zorro, who had begun sniffing around the basket. I then rushed towards the park; following the big crowd until I saw them all gathered around a podium. They were immensely numbered and they were all shouting and yelling – I’m not sure whether I was hearing shouts of cheers or something else. A lot of them were holding huge signs; insane signs. I read horrible things like “Bury the garbage in the landfill” or even “Rest in hell! Get that trash out of the city!” Who came up with this brutal language? I still can’t believe what I had just read. Get that trash out of the city. The man is dead, Jesus, can’t there be a minimum of respect to someone who has died as perilously as the people you’re all mourning over? But what really surprised me was that vicious yet determined tone in these signs. The last one that I remember having read said: “Bury this terrorist on our soil and we will unbury him.” We will unbury him; with all assertions, God, as if it were up to them.
 I took a moment to see the savagery that was occurring in front of my eyes. The sight was truly unbearable: seeing families, men, women and even children, raising these abominable signs, screaming for an absurd demand and gazing upon each other; proud that they’re all gathered together and doing this. Their eyes said everything I needed to know. These people were not only determined; they were furious and ready to do anything – even if it required violence.
I exhaled as I watched these brainwashed people practicing what they’ve been spoon-fed by this corrupt society. I thought that I should back off and let the chips fall where they may, but I did not do so. I will not tolerate this kind of behavior – let these people ruin the image of my client and his family – because they have rights too. That is when I decided to step in. Someone had to spoil the party right? 
I rushed to the center of the parade and I yelled furiously. I grabbed the signs that the people around me were holding and I tore them apart. Yes, I can become savage too. “Stop this at once!” I yelled. A man as furious as I am came near me and grabbed my shoulder. “Don’t touch me!” I yelled. 
“You’re not invited lady! Get out!” he shouted back. 
It’s kindergarten all over again. Oh I don’t see your name anywhere in this park! “The park is as yours as it is mine” I said. I had no time to deal with the man in person; I had to address all the people present. 
A thin grey-haired man was standing on the podium; holding a microphone in his left hand. I rushed towards him and grabbed it from his hand. “Give it to me!” I shouted. I held it to my mouth and I began: “What the heck is your problem, people? What is this protest all about, what are you trying to prove? That you’re rebellious, defending your city and its dignity? Look at you all, leaving your jobs, parking your cars in the middle of the road and participating in this shameful attempt of objection. This is truly a disgrace for this city, to have so many of its people betraying the principle of human decency.” 
I thought that what I had just told them would be enough. But I guess there will always be that person among the crowd who objects recklessly and replies to anything – not knowing when to stop. It came from the man from whom I had previously stolen the microphone, the grey-haired man. He seemed like their leader. “We’re just expressing our anger lady,” he said, withdrawing from his jacket another microphone. “Expressing our objection to the fact that this terrorist of yours is going to be buried here; in the city that he has destroyed.” 
I took a deep breath. Doesn’t it piss you off when you argue with someone and they keep on saying the same thing on and on, holding on to an expired argument? I was going to put this straight and say everything that was on my mind. “Expressing your objection ah?” I started. “What are you protesting against; that a man should not be buried? Where to bury Isaak is a concern for his parents and not you or anyone among this crowd. If they decide that he should be buried here, in Charlotte, then he has every right to lay in peace, in a city that he adores as much as you do. This is an unacceptable behavior especially coming from all of you, who pretend that you are the image of tolerance and decency. There’s a lot to protest about in this world, the burial of a dead man is absolutely not one of them.”
I dropped the microphone and I left the podium. The man immediately hit back; but I don’t remember what he had muttered. “A dead person must be buried.” I finally said. As I walked back to my car; turbulence was occurring. Some screamed and yelled; while others pushed each other. I think my speech resonated in a few minds up there; as some dropped their signs and realized what they were doing. 
However, that did not please the rest, who then opted to be violent. “Let’s get these traitors!” someone screamed. And then, the unexpected happened; people began hitting each other. I couldn’t believe my eyes: angry men struck each other with their signs, women yelled at fellow mothers and even little kids started yelling at each other. The park, a place that is supposed to bring people together to have a nice time, had become a battlefield. I took a step back to make sure that I was really seeing this happening. It was very real: people were fighting each other just because they had a different opinion. It was truly an unbearable sight to watch. The police soon interfered and watered the crowd – that now moved onto battering the policemen. I took another step back, my head started hurting me. The grey-haired man then approached me. He said: “Do you see what you’ve done?” 
Delusions; they’re the beliefs that can bring out the worst in people. When someone believes in something so deeply; they lose the ability to reason and to be rational. They become so rigid and they hold on to their beliefs so tight; as if they had something to prove. They will never admit that they might be wrong; they will never listen to you or any voice of reason in their head. It’s over, they know something and their job is to impose it on others. But, in my case, it’s way different. We’re not talking about people who are voicing their opinions on social media over a football game. No, far from that, the people of this city have become so delusional that they would hurt each other to impose their opinion. Everyone is entitled to an opinion; but what do you call it when someone backs a cruel belief? How can you possibly respect it? I’m truly speechless over what has happened today. The sight that I have seen was crazy, absolutely crazy. But it also says a lot about the people with whom we live. I’m a big fan of humanity, but sometimes I realize that there are some people out there that can think so irrationally, and that do not accept the views of others to the extent that they would even go onto taking the decision of eliminating them. 
September 21
New people; they’re the people that you have recently met. It’s weird how we come to meet new people; unaware of what the future has in store for us. You could meet someone whom you had a certain preconceived idea about; yet you find out that they’re actually not that bad. Or, you could be so excited upon meeting someone and you later realize that they don’t deserve all the excitement. It’s really something to think about; how can we find out a person’s real intentions and character upon meeting them? The truth is that we can be easily deceived by what we hear and by what we see. That is why we should give people a chance; a shot to prove to us what they really are. Upon a second or third meeting, you will be able to unmask them; hence determine their real personality and genuine identity. Well, unless they hold on to that mask; then it means that they’re hiding something. It also means that you will not be aware of their intentions – good or bad – until they decide that it is time to show it to you. Then, it can either be a nice surprise, or betrayal. 
In this job, meeting new people is inevitable. The people that I meet and the organization to which I belong are decisive factors in the process. I can either find people that will side with me and that will help me, or people that are there to stand in my way. So far, I have met two new key people: Aaron and Judge Jennifer Clark. 
Aaron; he was truly the person whom you do not want to bump into late at night. His eyes were sufficient to determine his daunting figure; the way they scrutinize you, analyze you and exploit the fear in you were pretty terrifying. There was something else in his eyes that was also very frightening. It was that audacious flame that ignited suddenly in them when he was shocked or angry. He had a nasty attitude as well; I don’t know, I feel like he takes this case too personally. I know, he’s like the rest of the people in this city, though there was something different here, it’s like he really needed to see Alexei behind bars – more than he really wanted to.
Jennifer Clark; I already consider her as a saint. Obviously, I say so because she has decided to listen to her logic and repress any prejudice that might cross her mind. She reserves all her emotions, all her reactions till after the trial – that is because she is handling this case very professionally. And it’s not just because she is not one of them, there’s also something else that I like in her. It’s that power that she holds. She really looks like a powerful woman who has a strong character and that uses that power wisely – without abusing it. I am convinced that she is the lady that is going to help me seek justice. 
So far, the people that I have met stand in balance; one of them is a foe and the other is an ally. That is why; the next people that I meet will determine whether or not I have enough allies, or that they’re insufficient. The list is not too long; for there are four people of interest in my case; the Judge and the DA, and the officers in charge of this case: the officer in chief and the investigator. Today, I have met these two officers. 
This time, I did remember that I had a meeting at the Magistrate’s office. I don’t know, sometimes you remember things and sometimes you just don’t. Anyway, at around 4 o’ clock, I left my workplace and I headed to her office – driving at a normal speed. Though, as I was driving past Park Road, I felt that the car was slowing down. “What could it be?” I said. To check it out, I parked my car on the side of the road and I got out of the vehicle. It was a flat tire. You see; some things do happen for a reason. I don’t get late because of my poor memory – no because something else was going to hit me. I exhaled there; standing on the sidewalk. “I’ll never make it now” I said. 
 Then, my guarding-angel arrived; Aaron. I’ve spotted his eye-glasses from afar and I witnessed his grand entry – the cavalry had arrived! – swirling his sports car over to me. “Hello darling,” he soon said. “Hop in.” I began walking away. He soon caught me up. “Rosamund, Rosamund,” he repeated. “Wait up. I see you’re having a bit of a problem. Do you want me to drive you there?” 
 Normally, I would’ve taken a cab. But I hate taking cabs in this city; you can never get hold of one – it really becomes a cab-hunt. I was already sweating, the sun was shining and I had my hair done. All of these surely justify what I was about to do – ‘hop in’ with Aaron. OK I cannot believe what I have just said.
“Just drive” I said. His smile when I said that was terrifying. What’s not terrifying about this man? He was surely up to no good. He opened the passenger seat’s door for me and requested me to have a seat – very politely. OK, this awfully seemed like an assassination attempt. It’s a convertible car; he could have easily pushed me out of the car onto the river. Though, my twisted imagination was not too at fault – there was a hidden agenda behind his politeness. 
After having a long conversation about the weather, he soon asked me: “By the way, I saw you on television yesterday.” By the way, it is usually used incidentally to introduce a new, less important topic. For me, it announces trouble. I knew what he was talking about. “Really, when?” I said, ignorantly. 
“I was slightly disappointed though,” he answered. “You were involved in that protest the other day.”
Now that was funny. Were you slightly disappointed my dear Aaron? Oh I’m sorry – muppet. “And how did that disappoint you then?” I asked innocently. 
“Rosamund,” he said. “Should I remind you that this is a serious federal case and that you as a lawyer should endeavor to stay away from the media and the public – because what you have done has embarrassed the state that you have been called forth to represent.” 
That was so not improvised – I had started to wonder whether Aaron could’ve been behind my flat tire. He was dying to tell me this; that I was doing a bad job. You know, it’s funny how Aaron has changed his attitude since the first time I’ve seen him. When I bumped into him some weeks ago; he was aggressive and unprofessional. He tried to be intimidating; he tried to scare me out of this case. However, he realized that I’m not the one to be played by these dirty tricks; that I’m stronger than that. So, he changed his cards and he becomes this polite and professional man who’ll use his words to beat you. I’m certainly glad that he’s changed and for some reason, I believe that this is actually the kind of person he is. Anyway, the time had to come to strike back. 
“Aaron,” I said. “I’d like to inform you that I have absolutely done nothing wrong and that I only participated in this protest to bring back the people’s senses because some of them had obviously lost them.” 
And that’s what actually happened; I did summon up the right minds of some – and the aftermath of the protest proves it. Aaron promptly responded: “But Rosamund, you are supposed to do that in the courtroom – and not on the dirty playground.” 
I must admit; Aaron was fairly right there. Going out there and trying to convince these people is not my job and I would be the unprofessional one if I do. And I do regret doing what I did; I really do. Sometimes; we all wish we could’ve handled some things differently. But it’s not always our fault; you just get dragged into an error. “Aaron,” I said. “You’re right, I shouldn’t have taken part in this demonstration and I sincerely apologize to all the officials that I might have ashamed.But you should know that I didn’t have a choice, Aaron. You should’ve seen them; parking theirs cars in the middle of the road so abruptly, raising their abusive signs so proudly and yelling and applauding so, cruelly.” 
Then, I saw it. I saw a sparkle in Aaron’s eyes that I thought I would never see. For the first time; I didn’t see Aaron’s usual scrutinizing and disdaining eyes, nor did he show that urge, that desire to respond recklessly just to hit back. That look in his eyes that I had just seen was merely innocent, like the one of a little child. Really, Aaron, who has been feeling so powerful behind his big wheels, instantly melted into a little kid who agrees upon every word you utter. 
He never hit back. Instead, a sheer of silence conquered the car and magnificently, we gave in to the power of the engine and we flew away; accepting the warm and delightful embraces of the beautiful winds that came along. It was truly beautiful. 
Soon, Aaron asked about my car. “I know someone who can fix you that flat tire” he said. Busted. “What flat tire,” I immediately said. “I can’t believe it Aaron! Pull over!” 
“But Rosamund!” he protested. 
“Now!” 
He parked on the side of the road and I stormed out of the vehicle. I was smiling though; I’ve been dying to do that all along the road. I’m really not mad; Aaron’s sincerity in the end was the ultimate apology. 
We had almost arrived; I only needed to walk a few blocks. Soon, I was in Ms. Clark’s office as she greeted me warmly. “I see you didn’t park your car,” she smiled. “Did Aaron drive you?” Good old Ms. Clark wanted to make sure that Aaron and I were getting along. Old, God did I sound like that depressed Holden Caulfield right there. “Oh yes,” I responded wittily. “Aaron was a real gentleman sharing with me his transportation – that is after he had sabotaged my own.” 
Judge Clark didn’t get it. Anyway, Aaron soon joined us and I flashed him a smile – no hard feelings. I was really starting to like this fella. “OK lawyers,” she said. “Today, we have an important issue on the agenda. We have to decide on the appropriate courthouse for this case, which is going to determine the set of jury. Any suggestions?”
“It is best to have it held somewhere in Charlotte” said Aaron. 
Of course, I could not let this happen. If the jury will be composed of angry and delusional people, Alexei will be found guilty. “No,” I said immediately. “This sensitive case cannot be held in this sensitive city.” 
A debate with Aaron over this issue seemed inevitable. I knew very well what he was about to say and I knew that even if he has become more gentle with me, he was still going to be tenacious and ruthless to prove his point. That did not bother me at all because this is how a lawyer face-off is supposed to be; intense but respectful. 
“Your honor,” he soon said. “There has been an incident in this very city that has grieved us all. The people of this city deserve to see justice in front of their own eyes simply because this justice is upon them and the people that they have lost. This city really needs this chance to pick up what is left to be salvaged.”
Well said, Aaron. It’s true, a lot of people have been affected by this horrible event and they deserve to see the truth in person – and the best sight you could ever is the look in their faces when the trial ends: pure relief. They become relieved and subsequently; they feel safe. Though, we must not forget the second end of the story. 
“Your honor,” I said. “I agree with Aaron, the people need closure and having the trial held here will absolutely relieve them. Nevertheless, we cannot deny that this case is not like any other. Aaron, it’s not any other incident, there has been a bomb, a cruel deafening sound of an explosion that has kept us all mourning over our friends and family up until today. This tragedy didn’t only plant grief in their hearts, but anger as well. And we all know what anger is capable of doing in trials like these. Resentment, bitterness and revenge will all be present in that jury and afterwards, we will lose our primary objective and it’s restoring justice.”
Silence conquered the room until I soon added: “Look at these pictures.” I took from my bag a clip of photos that I had taken during the protest. I handed them to Ms. Clark. She looked at them with shocked eyes, “this is unbelievable” I heard her whisper. “Do we want these people among our jury?” I asked. 
“OK lawyers,” she soon said. “The trial will be held in another state: I shall decide the rest.” 
I felt so relieved when she uttered that last sentence. I believe people living in a different state will behave more professionally to the matter. Also, I noticed that there was something missing after what she had said. Last time, when Judge Clark decided to adjourn the trial, Aaron immediately protested and stormed out of the room. Though, it wasn’t the case today: he seemed oddly quiet. I took a moment to scrutinize him. He was seated there silently; his eyes to the wall. He wasn’t present with us; it was evident that he was somewhere far away. I looked closely at him; wanting to know the reason behind his silence. He was shaking and his eyes only transmitted one emotion: it wasn’t anger – but fear. Yes, Aaron was scared of something and I could only wonder why. 
“Now,” Ms. Clark said. “I’d like you two to meet two gentlemen.” 
That is what I have been dreading all day. The time had come to meet new people; new faces and new intentions. She led us to the exit and I soon found two men standing on the sidewalk. We approached them and they greeted us politely. First, I remembered these guys; they were the same men that entered my office on my first day at work. Then, I noticed that Aaron seemed quite familiar with them; as if he had already met them. Though that did not bother me; it was the look in his face when he first saw them that did. Before he met them; he was scared. When he did; somehow that fear grew. 
Anyway, the two men that stood in front of me were cops – first judging by their uniforms. Judge Clark introduced them to us; the tall and gelled-hair guy on the left is the investigator in charge. He seemed nice; his name is John Faulkner. The other man, Dan Stanley, who’s a bit rounder, is the officer in charge; hence, the boss. You know, I wasn’t too relieved seeing him. There was something suspicious about his politeness. His smile was so odd – as if he isn’t used to smiling at people. The other man on the contrary was genuine. But this man; I don’t know, I don’t want to throw any preconceived idea but he really showed something negative on this first meeting. There was that smirk in his smile; that spark in his eyes – that announced trouble. 
New people; they’re the ones whose masks are hard to decimate. You don’t know them enough to recognize their real intentions. What pushes us to doubt people anyway? Is it their appearance? Or is it something much deeper; like an unexplainable feeling in you that you sense upon meeting them. You know that feeling; when you meet someone; you receive certain vibes about that person; negative ones or positive. But maybe these vibes are there to deceive you? Maybe, some people are misunderstood. What if, they do wear a mask but they’re unable to take it off? Maybe they need to wear it; to feel secure. You know, I am sure that there are some people out there who annoy you, who wear this mask and behave in such an unwanted way. But know this well, when you start to know people’s personal life, you’ll understand why they behave in such a bad way – and usually it pushes you to forgive them. That’s why, I always say this; we must have faith in people. We should not rush into judging someone until they really show who they are. But when they remain strangers in front of our own eyes; we have to first destroy this barrier that separates us from them; keep on trying until we see their real personality; the real intentions in their hearts. Today, I realized two things. First, that I misunderstood Aaron. And I thought he was being prejudice. No, I was; I thought that he was a bad person; that he could actually be dangerous. But I was wrong. Sitting there with him in his car made me realize that he is actually a good person. He believes in justice and moral rightness and from now on I am confident that he will handle this case professionally. It’s fascinating right; only this morning I counted him as an enemy. And this makes me want to say the second thing on my mind. Great, I now have two allies on my side but let’s not forget that I met two new people today and one of them; even both of them, could stand in my way. This is what I have realized today: it’s the sad truth that once you’re done with a foe; you immediately pass onto another.
October 1
 Evidence; it’s a compelling indicator that proves a certain hypothesis. These small proofs are like milestones on the road for the truth. We all seek the truth and to find this absolute objective; you will need to go into it deepest details. You will have to plunge into its darkest secrets, unwrap its most twisted enigmas and take on its most deceiving ruses. When you have done all of that, then you might have a chance to unfold the truth. Picking up evidence can be a difficult task, and sometimes there’s always that piece of evidence that we desperately need and its disappearance leaves us reluctant to admit that we might never find it. Evidence can hide a dirty past and a horrid act, but it can also reveal one piece of information that can change one’s life forever – proving someone’s innocence. This is the evidence that I’m looking for; one that can vindicate a person from their blames. 
I have been talking a lot about prejudice: it has been the highlight of the roller-coaster ride that I have agreed to embark on. Prejudice has been the main source for the abuse that I have been receiving since day one. People are prejudice against Alexei; they decided that he was the criminal without giving him a chance for explanation; a shot for vindication – hence, representation. They grabbed onto their preconceived ideas and they refused to listen to reason and therefore they became delusional. When they reached that level, they became dangerous. Now, I have been managing this situation quite well, but sometimes I ask myself; when will this come to an end? What can possibly stop these people from continuing to carry on their foolish acts? Well, there’s only one answer to these questions: it is evidence. Only evidence will stop these people; evidence so compelling that would leave them all in shame. 
Today, I was asked to come back to my office late at night to collect the first report of evidence in the Dmitriyev case. When Judge Clark informed me such news, it left me anxious. When I say anxious, I mean both meanings of the word: being nervous and enthusiastic. I was eager to go into the office and finally have a glimpse of the magnificent truth. I wanted to hold this file that says “Alexei is innocent” and show it to everyone on the streets; from the valet, to the baker to everyone who’s been glaring at me since day one. Meanwhile though, I was worried that I might suffer an upset tonight and that I could face a knock on the head that hands me a reality-check. I didn’t want to realize that I was the wrong one; that I was committing a mistake in believing in Alexei. Well, nothing speaks louder than the truth and I was about to find out whether the evidence will push me up, or drop me. 
I’ve been preparing for it all day. I had my hair done, my nails polished and I’ve even taken on the massage chairs to sooth my anxiety. At around 8 o’ clock, I put Zorro to bed, wore my leather jacket, put on my sun-moon-glasses and I entered my car. I drove as the moon rose above me; it was the best time of the day to drive in this city. Everything was so lively; people drove their cars, stopped at stores and shopping malls or parked near a nice restaurant to have a bite. I bet it’s magical to see this when you’re on a plane landing: rapid cars, people coming and going and the light of traffic poles and big buildings flashing in front of your eyes. 
I soon made it to the office and I went up the elevator. Stepping in my own office then seemed like a real challenge. For a moment, I was about to draw back; retreat from this imminent failure. I couldn’t handle a defeat; it would be too overwhelming especially with all the odds that stood against me. I made a step back and I looked around me. My hand was about to reach the elevator’s button until I remembered that I needed this. I needed to know the truth; I needed this piece of evidence to have it among my cards; to use it as a weapon. So, I entered the office and I found the two cops standing next to George Oliver. 
It was tense; I was feeling it. The investigator was pale; it seemed as if he wasn’t feeling well. Or was he worried? George Oliver’s face was truly shocking. Once I got in; he was so shocked as if he’d seen a ghost. I soon caught one feeling wandering in his eyes; fear. He was scared of something; maybe of my reaction if I felt disappointed? Though, the third man, the officer, he seemed fearless. I couldn’t spot a single emotion that could have been running in his veins. He stood there – with a file in his hands – so confidently. I didn’t like that. 
“Evening Rosamund” soon said George Oliver, who wanted to cool off the tensions that lied between our eyes. 
I nodded, as a sign of salute – and worry. I bowed to the two gentlemen that stood around my bureau. My office didn’t make it any easier though. My brown-colored desk occupied the middle of the room. Three men gathered around it tightly; diminishing the big space behind them. The rest of the room wasn’t visible anyway; only one light brightened the room’s obscurity – that of my desk. It was so weak; it was barely enough for us to see each other. For a moment, I thought that I was going into an interrogation room. 
 I approached my desk and I stood behind it; in front of the two policemen. George Oliver took a step back and he leaned his back to the wall. “So,” the officer finally uttered. “Rosamund, here is the first official evidence report for you to take into consideration ahead of the trial.” He handed me the file that was juggling between his hands. As his arm stretched out to mine; for some reason, I felt as if someone was strangling me, that the officer had his hands on me and that he wouldn’t let go of my neck. I wouldn’t take the file from his hand until he said: “Is something wrong, Rosamund?” Then, I took it. 
The file was between my two palms and I didn’t know what to do with it. Do I check it out? What could I possibly discover if I had a look?A lot of questions were turning in my head, but it was my heart that was bursting with so many emotions. I was excited that this might be the solution to all my problems, and I feared that it could be the source of many others. Though, I knew that in the end I had to check it out and I had to know the truth. So, I opened it.
 Everyone in the room stared at me as I tore open the folder. I had a look at their faces while I was at it. George Oliver was shaking, the investigator was pale, and the officer, he remained emotionless, reactionless. He was just standing there; waiting for my reaction. I soon had a bunch of papers in my hands. I could only read the title that was flashing in bold. That title; that awful title said: 
Dept. of Police reports: Alexei Dmitriyev runs over brother, Isaak, after hijacking a police car in order to flee from the gunfight that had been going on with the police in Uptown Charlotte. 
I had to read it again. I blinked twice; unable to understand what I had just read. My heart was soon beating faster than usual, stronger, harder, leaving me so weak. I wasn’t exactly sure what kind of emotions were running in me: fear, shock, or simply bitter agony. I stood there, reading the paper on and on. Soon, the open window let in a slender feeling of a frosting wind that collided with my immeasurable bewilderment. I couldn’t believe what I had just read; it was truly impossible to comprehend. 
Then, I realized that it was not the right time to be confused – at least, to seem confused. I hurried to recover my ordinary state: I exhaled all the emotions, all the feelings that were locked inside of me and I quickly gained my composed face again. I could not let anyone take advantage of me, especially in this situation. “Officer,” I soon said. “How is that even logical, for someone to run over his own brother?” 
The man remained blank even after I had held him under sudden interrogation. The question did not bother him, nor did he feel the urge to reply. He could have walked away if I wasn’t looking at him right in the eye. He didn’t tire himself with elaborating his response though. “What” he said, callously. 
“The evidence that you have just provided me is truly unbelievable, officer” I hit promptly. “Normal commonsense shows just how this piece of information is utter nonsense.” 
Then, I felt compelled to drop the file on the floor, in his face. It was then that I had to have a look at my surroundings. George Oliver couldn’t believe his eyes. His high astonishment showed that he would interfere if this went on any further. Though that surprise was nothing compared to the one that figured on the investigator’s face. His shocked eyes seemed as if they were actually concealing something inside of him; a laugh. It was obvious; the guy found this situation hilarious – he really was an odd fella. Of course, nothing could have beaten the officer’s expression after my provocative utterances and behavior. His eyes alone transmitted the sensation that wandered in his heart. His eyes were igniting from inside; I could see flames in them. He held his grip firmly: I thought that he was about to punch me. Thank God he didn’t – for his own sake, of course. “Look lady” he said. “I’m not here to remind you of your work but it seems that I have to. You, lady, are a lawyer, which means you’ll be representing your client in the courtroom and therefore you do not have a say at what happens behind the scenes because that would be my job. So keep your fancy talk for the jury and cope with the evidence I provide you, am I understood?”
His response was brutal, to say the least. It wasn’t his language – it was fairly acceptable and appropriate, nor was it his ironic tone or twisted logic. The way he spoke was so, powerful. That man was fueling with power, confidence and authority. The supremacy that he was establishing on me was overwhelming. Though, it did not stop me from backfiring. “Officer I’d like to make myself clear,” I began. “Let me remind you that I am the lawyer here and I decide whether or not I will consider any evidence you might let on my door. If you hand me in something that is not grounded beyond reasonable doubt, then make no mistake, I have absolutely every right to hesitate upon it, question it and disregard it. Otherwise, you want a lawyer who cops with what you provide, you know where to find the DA’s office.” 
Evidence; it can sometimes be the bitter hard-truth. What is the truth anyway? Why do some of us disagree even upon the truth? Isn’t it supposed to be the absolute, undeniable and undisputable answer? I thought that the truth is grounded on the basis of common-sense – yet what’s so common about it? Today I received the first evidence report in the Dmitriyev case. It was supposed to be the ultimatum, the last word, which would either comfort me, or scare me. Though, I’m not scared. I’m not afraid. I’m feeling something completely different. There’s this sentiment in my heart that I am unable to express. This bewilderment that I have been feeling, is it because I’m in denial – delusional – unable to see the truth that’s in front of my own eyes because I’ve grown too attached to my beliefs? Or is it because there’s this voice in my head, this reasonable voice, that’s telling me that I’m not wrong, that I can’t be. This voice, I was ready to give in to it. I was ready to admit that Alexei could be guilty, I was ready to face this truth – yet I didn’t. When I read that headline, I completely forgot that it was about Alexei, that I was involved in the equation. No, for a moment, I felt like I was someone who was standing far away, neutral to the situation, wise upon the judgment. For a moment, I thought that I could be any person in this world, and I reacted as any person would. No, he couldn’t have, Alexei couldn’t have run over his own brother, his own flesh-and-blood, the only person he looked up to. Make no mistake, I feel no emotion, no feeling that could affect my judgment. Now what about the evidence that’s on the table? Well, I will just have to prove that it is merely false material. I just need to call upon the reason of the jury; their common-sense – and they will make the right decision. For now, I will just have to settle with what I have: if it’s not the evidence that the police issue then it’s simply the evidence that we all carry with us every day – reason.
October 9
 Determination; it’s when you make a firm decision and you’re resolved not to change it. It’s the strength of mind that helps you to achieve a certain goal. They say that when you’re determined to achieve anything in life; you’re already half-way there. I’ve often said that trying to change destiny is part of destiny but now, I don’t really believe that there is something called destiny – there’s only our determination to succeed. We all need to be determined if we want to achieve anything in life; doubting our own capabilities will lead to nothing – because trust me on this; human capabilities are limitless. When you have this can-do power in you, if you believe that you’re pursuing the right cause, then nothing can stop you. Sometimes, you begin to doubt this determination. When things don’t go as planned; you start to hesitate upon the cause that you are pursuing and the goal you are trying to achieve. You begin to ask yourselves so many questions, putting into doubt every single thing you’ve once believed in so firmly. That’s when you take a step back; you don’t discontinue your chase for your aim; you just stop defending it and you leave it exposed to the world until a certain event either arrives to confirm the cause of your hesitation, or reminds you of your sincere purpose that has persistently motivated you and carried you to where you stand today. 
Today, I realized that I was doing the right thing. I needed something to boost my morale, my confidence and determination and I found it when I paid a little visit to a family. That family is massively involved in what I’m doing; they’re the people that have been grieving over someone who they had lost in the crisis that has hit this city. They’re not like the people that are holding a grudge on those who are accused simply because this family is grieving over one of them. This family is Isaak’s family; his wife and his little daughter.
When Judge Clark informed me that I was able to see them, I was so surprised to hear that Isaak was married. Well, it answers a few questions that I once had in mind. I knew of Isaak’s shyness and I remember that many interpreted it as superiority and disdain. Though, his indifference was only due to his inability to express himself – that aroused when he was around strangers. This uneasiness however faded when he was around people he loved; his family. I thought that he will struggle in the absence of his family but it turns out that he made his own family; built his own home, where he could feel at ease. I was happy for him; though I soon felt so sad. 
 He had a wife; this means that she is now a widow. She’s a widow who once loved a man, adored him, cherished her time with him and, trusted him. What did she feel when she heard the news? How did it really affect her relationship with Isaak? She must have seen all the happy memories that she has experienced with him in a flash of light. Then, it is obvious that she would question these memories. Were his smiles, his embraces, only a disguise for the monster that was hidden inside of him? Were his late nights at work only a pretext for a darker agenda? It must be hard – to be the widow of an accused terrorist. It makes her put everything she has shared with him into question. 
What’s even more tragic is the fact that he had a daughter. There’s an orphan out there who has lost her father. This orphan, who’s only at the tender age of four, will grow up without a father, without her everything. The sad thing though is that she never was able to know him well. I mean, his wife knew him well enough and she’s able to judge over his alleged act. But this poor child; is she bound to be the daughter of “the terrorist”? Will she ever be able to answer the questions that will turn in her head; questions about the father she once had; or, she should have had. 
 I thought a lot about this family before visiting them in person. I was supposed to visit them; but what for? Was it to remind them of their grief? Or was it to reassure them that the man they knew was innocent and that I had sufficient evidence to prove that? I first hesitated upon driving my car and head to them, but I soon felt compelled to do so. I wanted to know more about this family and mostly, I wanted to be there for them. 
At noon, I left the office and I drove around the outskirts of Charlotte, where they live. I followed the directions that Judge Clark had given me. The lady had a very bad handwriting; she must have considered becoming a doctor. After decoding it, I soon made it to their modest home. As I stepped out of the car; I spotted a little toy left outside the house, on the sidewalk. I picked it up to bring it back in; assuming it was for Isaak’s daughter. Well, if it wasn’t, I probably would have pretended that it was a gift from me. It is finders keepers right? 
I stood on the door mat for quite a while; thinking of what I would have to say to introduce myself. Oh hello, I’m the lawyer who’s defending the prime suspect in the CRF bombing, presumably your husband. I didn’t know what I was supposed to do in there anyway. Ask for a testimony? Or talk about the weather? I just stood there; waiting for the family to feel like opening the door. As I had a glance at the house; I noticed a little paper hanged on the wall next to the door. The handwriting was that of a little child; there were also plenty of colors and little shapes. It said; “God bless our family.” That note really saddened me.
It is really these kinds of events that let you question God. They say God acts in mysterious ways. I know that the world is an odd place to live in; but what I can’t seem to comprehend is this injustice that we see every day. Every one of us carries a heavy baggage and we all have to accept our situation. But I ask God about this unfairness. I’m not talking about rich and poor people, no it’s rather about matters of life and death. Why some of us are happy with our normal pampered lives, from its beginning till the very end, while others are bound to face horrible tragedies? Why do some of us have fathers, from childhood through adulthood, while others are deprived of one? This family; Isaak, Linda and Stacey; why are they bound to be separated? What happens to this little daughter who has no father to confide in, who can protect her? What did she do to receive such a dark fate? There are some questions that will never be answered in our lives and sometimes; we just need to accept them. This sadness in my heart soon emerged beneficial: I knocked on the door. 
Soon, a long-haired young woman opened the door. I recognized her from the newspapers; it was Linda, the wife. She was wearing black jeans and a grey shirt. Her dull outfit wasn’t the only indicator of her grief-stricken state. Her face was so pale and her mascara was crumbling under her eyes – she had been crying. Her eyes; they could really break your heart. They bared so many emotions; a saddened heart blended in frozen ice. 
I stood there for a while; unable to utter a single word. Fortunately, her eyes showed signs of familiarity and she soon broke the stalemate. “Hello” she said. God, her greeting was so fragile – it seemed like she hadn’t uttered a word herself for a while. “Hi,” I said. “I’m Rosamund O’ Hara, I’m.” It was too overwhelming; I couldn’t say it. I’m your lawyer, or your husband’s? I’m not even theirs, I’m Alexei’s. Though, the lady spotted my hesitation and she soon said: “Yes, you’re Alexei’s lawyer. Please, come on in.” 
I stepped into their home; and that is when I stepped into their lives. Everything around me was part of their lives and I could see it, touch it. There were so many emotions flowing in that house. The weak-lighting hinted at the sadness that were bearing these walls and the displaced furniture and the bent paintings revealed the chaos that reigned inside this wrecked home. “Give me a moment” said Linda. I nodded and I soon continued my stroll on this gloomy path. The television was on; yet I could sense that the plugs were heating up: it has been on for a long time – no one has even bothered turning it off. The couch was unusually puffy – no one has been sitting in this room. The table, the counters and the closets were all awfully grimy – no one has taken the time to dust them. 
I had a glance at a few pictures that modeled on the counter. The first one was very bright to the eye. It was set in a sublime location between the mountains and the seas and there were a lot of smiling people present. Though, the lights were on two people only. She wore a white dress and he had an elegant bow tie. Yes, there they stood, down the aisle, Isaak and Linda. It was their beautiful wedding; the bond that unfortunately, was supposed to unite them, forever. 
On the left, I saw another picture that was also beautiful to the eye. It was a photo that reunited three people who loved each other so much. They were all in a park: a blue sky and big green trees flashed in the background. Isaak and Linda were standing next to each other and they held each other’s hands. The space that dwelled in between their hands seemed limitless and a little angel was standing right under it. It was the adorable Stacey; a little girl with very blonde hair. The sight of their smiles, their happiness, was irresistible; yet, heartbreaking. 
Linda soon came in with two cups of coffee. “Oh you shouldn’t have” I said politely. She smiled at me – maybe her first for a while – and we sat on the couch that was begging to be sat on. A sheer of silence dominated the room as we each drank from our cups. That silence wasn’t going to last too long: I had something on my mind that I had wanted to say. I posed my cup on the dusty table. “Listen,” I began. “I know that the reason behind the sadness in your eyes isn’t only because you’ve lost your husband. All my thoughts go to you and your daughter for this sudden loss and I know that the death of Isaak has cast sorrow into this home. However, if it’s doubt that I’m seeing in these eyes; then I should remind you of one thing. If you believe that Isaak is a good man; then there’s nothing to be worried of. This is the time when he really needs you.” 
Then, I let the silence to do its own job. I believed that what I had said would bring some senses to Linda; bring life to this desperate lady. She can mourn as long as she wants, but she should never doubt Isaak’s innocence; to instantly erase all the happy memories that they have shared together. This house needs to see life again; not only for her own sake; but for that little girl who is confused and scared. Do it for her. 
Soon, she blinked her eyes. “Yes,” she said. “Yes, you’re right. It’s just that everything has been going so fast that it stopped me from seeing what I have been missing; my love to Isaak. I know he wouldn’t have done it Rosamund, believe me, he couldn’t have. But that’s not what I fear; it’s just that I think people might misunderstand Isaak and that maybe they could turn a blind eye at the truth.” 
That was more like it. Spot on Linda; that was exactly what you have been missing: love, his love. This terrible event forced her to rethink her emotions towards Isaak; put her love into question. Yet, she forgot that you can’t doubt your love; because when that first sparkle fizzled between them; it was meant to be. From the second she was certain of her love; that trust can never be broken. And I’ve got news for you Linda, even death can’t stop love; because if it’s powerful enough; it lives on. 
Now, I had to answer her fear. She thinks that the people’s reaction will affect the justice awaited upon Isaak. Well, it is what’s been going on but it is never something to fear. “You don’t worry about that” I finally said. “That’s when I step in.” 
 I didn’t have much time to stay; plus I wanted her to think again about what I said. She led me to the door, but as I stepped outside the house, a soft little voice dragged us back inside. “Mum, Mum,” she said. It was her; Stacey. God, she was adorable; even cuter than in the pictures. “Mum,” she repeated. “I lost my toy.” I had completely forgotten about the toy. “Oh,” I said. I approached the little girl and I got on my knees. “I found this outside.” I handed her the toy; her smile was priceless. I then got up and went to the exit. Before I drove away; Linda said: “Thank you.” 
Determination; sometimes it’s the only thing that’s keeping you going. When you’re facing a rough patch; don’t hesitate to summon up your determination. When you’re about to give up: remember what made you stand up in the first place. It’s when there’s barely hope left in your heart that you should decide to call upon your strength of mind and fill that gauge. Some events remind you of doing that. Today, I visited Isaak’s family and I’m still restraining my tears from bursting. The sight of this tragic family – the one that was living so happily – was truly heartbreaking. Though, when I got out of their home I felt something. It wasn’t only sadness or compassion; it was this feeling that I have been seeking since day one. So far, I’ve been through a lot. I had to deal with an enraged crowd, powerful enemies and cruel evidence. Yet, there was this feeling inside my heart that didn’t stop me from going on. At every defeat, it reminded me of the cause that I am pursuing. Helping out this family didn’t only seem to me like charity – but rather, a duty. And when I left their home, I was certain of this wandering feeling. That sensation was none other than the willpower I need, the boost I yearn: confidence. This confidence acted like a little reassuring voice in my mind that erased one feeling that I have been dreading: regret.
October 18 
Authorities; they’re the organizations or people that have a certain power or control over us. Once an authority is placed; a number of rules are laid on the table and they are expected to be followed. Sometimes, we all need an authority to watch over us. It can re-direct us to the right track when we’re lost and it can also prevent us from committing mistakes. However, there also comes a time when we encounter an authority that’s there to cause us trouble. It can impose rules that are meant to restrict our movements and actions. We can also meet an authority that can be unfair to us and that can actually hurt us. When that is the case; we either decide to succumb to it and accept it or we could avoid direct conflict with it by turning to an event greater authority. Though, for a very few, they decide that the only way to deal with this authority’s abuse and wickedness is to fight fire with fire. 
This morning, I received a phone call from George Oliver. He informed me that the chief of police and the investigator were dropping by to hand me the second evidence report. When I hung up; I knew that today was going to be a long day. Honestly, I thought that I had more time than this. I received my first piece of evidence some weeks ago; are they supposed to come in like gun bullets? 
At least, I hoped they didn’t. The first report said that Alexei had run over his own brother. This evidence shocked me and I began doubting every detail of it. It didn’t make sense to me and although I can question its credibility; I have to accept its existence. I have to prove it wrong and I’ve been practicing on a few arguments that might pull it off. However, after this morning’s call, I realized that the world was about to find out one more clue. The last evidence felt like I had been stabbed in the back; was I bound to be knocked down once again or was it time to pick myself up? 
At half past eleven, I entered my car and I drove to my office. The road was beautiful: the winter has come. It had snowed during the night and the whole city was covered in ice. Driving during this mild condition of snowy weather was really a must-seen sight: the white trees stood imposingly in front of the tempting wind, the sky seemed even bluer with its few clouds matching the silver ground and people would not be intimidated by the weather and they’d stroll around having their hands in their pockets. Winter is my favorite season as well. It isn’t really nice when I am outside the house, but when I’m home; nothing is better than to be wrapped in your blankets, have a warm mug of hot chocolate in hand and caress my dear Zorro, who lied down next to me. 
I soon made it to the office and I joined the rest of the staff that gathered around a small cake. “Whose birthday is it?” I asked. No one answered; totally ignoring my sheer existence. This has been going on for a long time anyway. My colleagues didn’t want to have anything to do with me; no one wanted to be affiliated with the Rosamund O’ Hara. I really didn’t care though. I’m the kind of person who likes living on their own. I don’t need anyone.
I waited in my office until I noticed the two cops coming in. I went to them; architecting only a hint of a smile. I invited them into my office and I asked them to have a seat – very politely. “We’re in a bit of a rush” Stanley said. He wasn’t going to drop the serious air. His partner didn’t seem in a rush though; he did want to sit. “Very well,” I said. “What do you have for me today?”
I don’t know why I wasn’t feeling nervous as I inquired for the evidence. I wasn’t as anxious as last time nor was I too excited. I felt the confidence that I have been talking about. Whatever the evidence was; I won’t let it damage my work or my determination. As we say, bring it on.
 The officer approached my bureau and handed me the file that he had in his hands. I took off the rubber band that sealed the report and I had a quick glance at the title: 
Social Media – Alexei Dmitriyev mentions the bomb prior to the explosion.
I didn’t get it at first. “Why am I reading ‘social media’” I said to myself. I read the content of the report and I noticed a familiar layout; the one some websites use to quote celebrities’ tweets. “Why am I seeing this?” I thought. 
I soon posed the folder on the table and I looked at the officer. Negativity vibes were emerging from me; I was fuming. “Officer,” I said calmly. “What is this?” 
The man looked at me with his usual, uninterested air. His look though, was actually quite interesting. It didn’t express any emotion; yet it showed how serious he was. I think that even if he is put into the worst of situations, he will remain emotionless; no fear, no panic. I wonder if it was a trait that a cop should have. Anyway, it was annoying. 
He then raised his head and he blinked twice. He seemed like he was up to something; it was obvious that he wanted to reply – strongly. “Rosamund,” he said. “The report is clear: if you’re not able to believe it again; that’s your problem.” 
 Nice move, officer. He remembered that I had doubted the first report and he used that against me today. Though, it is funny how he so wanted to say that; as if he knew that a report like this would see a similar reaction. It’s like he was looking forward to my reaction – and to later on hit back at it. 
I exhaled; hinting at my annoyance. I had prepared so many speeches for Stanley here; I was just figuring out which was the right one. He knew that I wouldn’t stop there though. “Officer,” I began. “If you believe that a couple of tweets on social media are considered as worthy evidence then I suggest you recheck your ‘becoming a cop for dummies’ manual that you most certainly leave in your filthy car’s back trunk.”
Alright, I don’t know what took me right there. It was the first time that I call someone’s car ‘filthy’, and well, I don’t know why I mentioned that manual thing; I must have seen one somewhere. Anyway, I’m still shocked about what I had told the officer. It was so disrespectful – and brutal, and for some reason, I liked that. He hadn’t said anything yet; I completely attacked him from out of nowhere. 
Even the investigator was shocked. His eyes were wide open; betraying his astonishment. Though, he also failed to hide one thing: bizarrely, there was this spark in his eyes; as if he admired my brave act. Though, it was Stanley’s face that had to be seen. It’s not that he shrugged or turned red; no, you only had to read his eyes. His eyes transmitted so much malevolence; they were on fire. 
Stanley looked at me right in the eye and I felt that I was about to crumble into dust once our eyes intertwined. His eyes were too powerful to be seen. “Listen lady,” he began. “I’ve been doing this job for as long as I can remember and I will not tolerate anyone who will disrespect me or the organization to which I belong in such a way. I might remind you of your own job – the one you’ve only just procured – and I have to tell you that as a lawyer; you can either overlook the evidence or accept it: because it is there whether you like it or not.”
You had to see the way he said that last phrase. Whether you like it or not: as if he was going to have the last word. He said it with so much brutality; although it remained a proper and respectful thing to say. I guess that is what he does best; impose whatever he has to say on others – yet remaining as respectful as possible. Though, his words might deceive you; but if you had heard the tone of his voice; the look in his eyes; you will get terrified. 
Anyway, I wasn’t going to let him have the last word in this. He was getting on my nerves; I didn’t like this weight that he was trying to impose on me. I wasn’t going to let anyone try to pressure me. I cannot be controlled, nor do I fear him or his great demeanor. “Officer,” I began. “I don’t need experience to be able to recognize a farce. Tweets and hashtags cannot be regarded as indicators to my client’s culpability: this is a ridiculous report and I’m telling you from now, this will not stand in court.” 
I thought that would see the end of it; though I was wrong to believe that I was going to have the last word. Once I finished uttering my sentence; I witnessed a petrifying transformation; Stanley’s. The man who stood in front of me was no longer a normal human being after my last utterances that clearly irritated him. Stanley raised his head swiftly and looked at me with blazing eyes. There are no exaggerations here; his eyes were on fire and I was slowly getting burned as I stood petrified in front of them. I felt the heat that emerged from his body; it soon inspirited me and then; I don’t know what happened. For some reason; I felt the urge to sit on my chair; while looking at him. I took a step back; he took a step forth and I sat on my chair; petrified. “If I want it to stand in court,” he yelled. “Then you damn bet lady that it will!” After his abusing howl; he turned around and he left the office. All my colleagues were standing behind my office’s glass door; inquiring about the shouts that they had heard. I, well, I remained on my seat; frightened to the bone. 
Authorities; they’re the people whose power you cannot beat. No one wants to submit to someone who is able to control them. It’s never easy to deal with an authority because in the end; they always remain the person who has the last word. Now, when we’re under such power; we try to find a way to solve this problem. Do we give in to it; obey its every word and behave according to all its rules? Or do we decide to stand up to ourselves and fight it? And what if it’s too strong; what if we’re merely vulnerable in front of it? Do we keep on battling it, or could we be defeated? Today I realized that I was standing under a powerful authority. Officer Dan Stanley was no ordinary man; he was robust, firm and well, powerful. When I sat on my chair as I succumbed to his look; I realized that he’s the kind of person with whom I should avoid any sort of conflict. I’ve met him twice and he defeated me, twice. He didn’t need to say a word; his eyes; those eyes that transmitted so much authority; were enough to dismantle any bit of bravery in me. That look that he gives me; it was enough to shatter me into bricks; leaving me vulnerable in front of him. His authority, tragically reminded me of a mere reality; it’s that if you play with fire; you might get burned. 
October 21 
Support; they’re the people that bear the weight of something with you. We all carry a heavy baggage with us and we need someone who is able to help us with it. These people might be your friends; people in whom you can certainly trust; and they could be your family; people in whom you can easily confide. That is why those who live around people whom they love will never feel lonely in this big world, and so, they’ll be able to face any problem that might come knocking on their doors. Though, what about those who have no people to turn to? What about them; are they bound to lift the heavy weight on their own? These people need support and the only problem is that it won’t be found around them; they have to find it all by themselves. 
I am one of these people. Since I’ve become a lawyer; I have lost all the people that I used to trust, those that I thought were going to be there for me when I needed them most. My friends have abandoned me upon learning that I had sided against them and my family and I had to eventually split roads. Thus, I am left in the cold in this terrifying world; in a time when I really need people to help me, support me. Though, as I’ve said, I just needed to look for these people and I might find them. Today, I won’t say that I found people that will always be there for me but at least that I was able to talk and relate to some people who understood me and who were there to comfort me and support me. 
I was peacefully working in my office during the morning. Well, George Oliver did assign to me a few side-works, but I opted to study my case. So far, the police have issued two pieces of evidence that the DA will look into. I haven’t received any evidence from the police that could actually help my client; though I was patient enough to wait for it. Therefore, I will have to prove to the jury that the reports are either not compelling enough or that they are invalid. 
The first report said that Alexei had run over his own brother during a shootout with the police. Now, this report is grounded on the statements of policemen; so it’s going to be a bit tricky to discredit it. Though, I could always try to refute this evidence first of all by calling upon the jury’s common sense – that a kid like Alexei would never run down his own flesh and blood. The DA could say that during conflict, anything could have happened. However, I could thereafter bring up the possibility that since anything could’ve happened during this shootout; there’s a blatant chance that the policemen’s sight could have been at fault – especially that Charlotte sees a lot of fogs during that time of the day: right before dawn.
 The second report said that Alexei had mentioned the bomb on his twitter account. It’s weird though, I’ve been to his account a few days after the bomb and I’ve seen his tweets – none seemed strange. Anyway, I believe that this evidence will not pass. Should it stand trial; I could easily discredit it with so many arguments: the tweets could’ve been a song lyric, an inside joke or simply that it had been hacked – by the real culprit. Come on, what kind of criminal would leave such evidence behind? Though, I don’t think that I’ll have to prove anything simply because there’s going to be that fair and decent person watching over me: Judge Clark. I’m thankful to have her on my side. If Dan Stanley deems himself as authority, then Judge Jennifer Clark is an even higher one. I have faith in her and I believe that she will act wisely upon this ridiculous piece of information. 
As I studied my case closely, I soon heard voices coming from outside the office. At first, I thought that it could’ve been the pizza guy – because I got used to my colleagues ordering food without me. Though, I noticed that no one of them rushed to the gate. I waited a bit; until I heard my name. “Rosamund,” someone mumbled. “We want…Rosamund.” I instantly got up and I hurried out of my office. As I hurried past the cubicles, I perceived a bunch of teenagers standing in front of the door. In front of them, Stanley stood robustly; blocking the way. I heard them arguing over something; mentioning my name repetitively. 
As I approached them; I soon heard a teen saying: “Let us in, we want to see her!” That’s odd, I thought. Why do these teenagers want to see me? Though, that wasn’t the thing that seemed strange; it was their protest and the officer’s denial to let them in. “No,” he said. God, who does he really think he is? I don’t remember having assigned him to guard my office. It was weird; why would he, right? 
I stepped in; inquiring about what was going on. “What’s happening here?” I asked. Though, I wasn’t looking at Stanley when I asked; hinting that I’d rather believe a bunch of teenagers. “Ms. O’ Hara,” said a tall red-haired boy. “We’re Alexei’s friends and we’d like to speak to you.” That was nice; I hadn’t thought of that before. I actually wanted to meet a few of his intimate friends; just to know a bit more about the environment that he was living in. Though; his announcement left me in hindsight, and soon, perplexed. Alright, these are my client’s friends and it kind of links them to Stanley. Though, why would he refuse to let me see them? What would it matter to him if I did? That man was causing me too much trouble; and it was really starting to piss me off. 
I needed no more explanation to the questions that were turning in my head as one of the teenagers was able to provide me with one promptly. “Yes we’d like to speak to you,” he said. “But we would’ve been in your office long ago if it weren’t for this fat wanker here who didn’t want us to get in!” Then, Stanley exploded in fury; turning red and revealing terrifying eyes – even more terrifying than the ones that he had showed to me. The man looked at the teenager with an angry look and then, he abruptly raised his hand; wanting to hurt the kid. “You little bastard, I’ll show you!” he yelled. 
For a fraction of a second, I couldn’t believe my eyes. Officer Dan Stanley was about to hit a teenager. As he raised his hand; I looked at both of them with shocked eyes. Then, I turned to Stanley and instantly shouted: “Don’t you dare officer!” Following my screams, Stanley looked at me with stunned eyes and he soon lowered his hand slowly. The man’s eyes were soon the object of hypnosis; he kept on staring at me, silently. I didn’t let go either; I held on to my fuming look that wanted to see in Stanley’s eyes just a bit of shame. And as I looked at him directly in the eye; I saw something I thought that I would never be able to spot. As our looks intertwined in space; I felt that the officer instantly lost his serious air and his audacious disguise. I felt that in a way, he shrunk in front of my eyes and I felt so, powerful. For a moment, I realized that officer Dan Stanley had lost his sense of authority and that this power was then emerging from me. Those eyes – I couldn’t believe my own – had finally transpired that emotion; fear. 
Dan Stanley soon set his head down and stormed out; taking the stairs. The group of teenagers was also astonished from my prompt reaction and they remained speechless until I let them in. I led them to my office and all five of them sat on the leather sofas that I had recently bought. There were three boys and two girls and they all seemed pretty shy at first. Though, the barrier of stranger between us didn’t last too long as we all had one common interest: Alexei. “Ms. O’ Hara,” began the boy who almost got hit. “We came here to tell you that you’re not alone in this and that we’d love to help you save Alexei – because believe me; he could not have done such a thing.” 
The cavalry had arrived. I really could have hugged that kid. Only listening to someone who acknowledges my solitude and who is keen on healing it is simply beautiful. It wasn’t only his concern that comforted me; it’s also that they came all the way here to tell me this; Alexei’s innocent. It really is wonderful to hear people say that; maybe because there are only a few who do, or because those few people were able to defy the beliefs of the masses and step up for what they believe in – and that is magnificent. 
Soon, we destroyed that barrier of distrust and insecurity that lied between us and we talked. We talked. You can’t imagine how good I felt after our long conversation. I closed the door on a world filled with prejudice, bitterness and grief and I sat among these polite teenagers; around people whom I was able to trust, relate to, and confide in. It’s amazing how chemistry among people works: it can truly bring out the best in each and every one of them. I told them what I knew about Alexei; his humbleness and rebelliousness, and they told me a bit more about him; from his charm to his kindheartedness and eloquence. They went on to tell me so many stories about him; from the Romanesque adventures that he has gone through to the funniest situations he’s been into. God, I felt so relieved after their visit; as if I had forgotten all the weight that I have been carrying; or well, that they were helping me in lifting it.
Support; you can’t imagine how much strength it can provide you. We all seek for people who can help us out in life; whether it’s enduringly or simply momentarily. You see, friends and family are important; but there will come a time when they won’t always be able to be there for you. A family is a fixed entity; you can decide to go to it; but it will never come to you when you most need it. Friends, on the other hand, they come and go. During a life-time; I do not believe that someone can hold on to a friendship. The sad truth is that friends are the people that come into your life for only a specific period of time. You’ll enjoy their company; but trust me; it never lasts. That’s why we all move from one friend to another; and although our promises to each one of them are said with all sincerity; they’re meant not to be kept. So, what do we do when our family is out of reach and our friends have abandoned us? Whom do we turn to and where do we find these people? Well, I can assert that such people exist and that they can be easily found. Today, Alexei’s friends came to visit me and they brought so much joy into my heart. Their presence and encouragements didn’t only create hope in me; but they also left in my heart an odd feeling. It’s when they were standing at the gate and I was confronting Stanley that I came to realize it. When I protected that teenager from being hit; I felt this sensation in me. As I looked into Stanley’s eyes; when I saw the fear in them; I felt so, powerful. And that is exactly what these teenagers have revived in me; it’s that power. These people that I’m talking about, the ones we should turn to when we’re in trouble; they’re not your friends, nor your family. They are simply people who come into your life for a reason; people whom you might never meet again; yet whom you will never forget. These people are the support you need. They’re the ones that will give you strength, courage and power. Now, where do you find them? Well, the secret is that you don’t have to look for them; because when you’re at your most vulnerable state, they will come to you; they always do. 
October 27 
 Conclusive evidence; it’s the ultimate proof that cannot be contradicted by any other evidence. It’s considered as the most important piece of evidence; it cannot be refuted, and the lawyers who dispose of it usually leave the courtroom with their head held-high, as winners. This triumph leaves the other lawyer drowned in despair, shocked and, powerless. They cannot fire back or even argue against it; all their preparations, all their words are tarnished by one crucial piece of information of which they were oblivious. Of course, conclusive evidence is usually a good thing; it’s a reliable and straightforward fact that puts us immediately in front of the truth. And for a lawyer, seeking the truth and serving justice should be their primary goals and thus they should all look forward to conclusive evidence – whether it suits their clients or not. Though, what impact does this heavy piece of information have on these lawyers and how do they deal with it? I mean, when someone believes in something so profoundly; when they have fought back-to-back battles to reach where they stand; what do they feel when one strike of wind hits them and destroys everything that they have been pursuing? Will they be able to recover from such sudden blow; or are they bound to live their lives in complete bitterness? 
Last time, I concluded that the evidence that lay on the table wasn’t compelling enough and that I might be able to refute both reports. Though, I have been worrying all week about the next evidence report that I might procure. It seemed like the ultimate piece of information: if it turned out to be in my advantage then the balance of justice would regain its equilibrium, and if it were another bullet; the innocence of Alexei would drift even further away. So that’s what was on my mind all week; Stanley’s next move. Though my anxiety didn’t last too long; for today I received an early morning phone call from George Oliver who asked me to meet him at the office at 7 pm. It’s a Saturday and his request was rather unusual until I figured that it could be a fresh piece of evidence. And it was. 
Oliver’s phone call came in short notice and I had already plans. Who doesn’t have plans on a Saturday night anyway? Me. Well, I haven’t gone out for quite a long time – excluding the road to work and to the grocery store. Even when I’m doing groceries I feel like a complete pariah; sometimes the cashier would end his shift just when I’d approach them to check out. Still, I did enjoy some company today; my parents called. 
First of all, you should know that my parents don’t call me so often. My mother usually calls in to ask me about the names of young male celebrities whom she has a crush on. She’s 60 ey; and a dedicated directioner as well. Thank God my father doesn’t ask me about young female pop stars; though his phone calls do have an ulterior motive behind them too; he always inquires me about laws and legal citations for his own job at the firm. However, today’s phone call was a bit special. After a few minutes of small talk about the weather, the dog and the massively criticized apartment that I live in, my mother asked me: “So how’s your case going on?”
This was the first time that mother asks me about my work. She wasn’t even excited when I first got the job: you see, she is one of those people who thought that I wouldn’t make it. When I quit being an economist and switched to a law career; there were so many people who thought that I wasn’t going to succeed; that I was too old, too late. Though you should know this; when people try to demoralize you, undermine you, find in these critics that sense of challenge and dare, and thrive on it. And that’s the best payback: no need to rub it in their faces; one’s success speaks for itself. My mother was one of them, though she had her own reasons. Since I was a kid, she has been trying to plant in my mind this image of me that she has always envisioned. That image isn’t built on hard-work or self-made success, for it derived from vanity and luxury; she wanted me to see the finest people, wear the most expensive brands, and marry the richest men. That’s why she never calls asking about what I do; because it’s not what she wanted. 
 I responded to her promptly and I said that all was fine. Though, she knew that I was lying. It seems that she has been following the news and the headlines that I occasionally make. A moment of silence separated us for a while until she finally said: “Take care Rosamund please, we’re worried.” And that was the first time she called to urge me to take care of myself. It felt good though; to have people looking after you for a change. She hung up before I was able to inquire about her concern – though I knew very well the reason behind it. 
Anyway, I had no time to think over it for long as just after her phone call, I unexpectedly received another. It was George Oliver who asked me to join him in the office. As soon as I hung up, I felt this chill tinkling in my heart. Though there was no ambivalence this time; I knew very well what it was; fear, fear and only fear.Something was coming. 
 I immediately left the house and head to work. Though I was unable to calm my anxiety with the speed of the engine; for I soon found myself stuck in a jammed traffic. The vehicle remained put for a while; surrounded by the toots of packed cars. One of those cars was a Ferrari that I had seen before. “Wait a second” I	said. Yes, it was Aaron’s. The sports car went backwards; shifted to the right and took a car-free shortcut: so, I followed him. I thought that we were going to split ways eventually; though after so many turns and blocks having passed; it was obvious that we both had a similar destination. Soon, I made it to the office’s parking and behind me stood none other than Aaron. 
As I stood in front of him; I remained shocked and perplexed. Why would he come here? The DA usually receives the evidence in his own office and his presence here only meant trouble. Did that mean that this fresh piece of information was in his advantage? No, his arrival introduced an even greater problem: the importance that this new evidence held. It was clear: I was about to find out the decisive evidence; the one that settles it all. George Oliver will be present, Stanley will be there too and Aaron as well. We were all about to gather around the conclusive evidence. 
“Evening there” he said, smiling. It was no smirk though, his intentions were sincere and he was genuinely happy to see me.I was starting to like Aaron; he was beginning to show his real personality. I don’t know why he tried to conceal his sincerity from me; why would’ve he wanted to intimidate me in the first place? I don’t really care though; I’m really glad that I have him on my side from now on. He’s a powerful fella; someone you’d really need as an ally – and avoid as an enemy. I greeted him politely and I led him to the office. 
Soon, we made it to the floor and we entered my workplace. No one had made it yet though; they must have been stuck in that horrible traffic. So, I gave Aaron a little tour of the office. We made fun of other’s offices and he praised my own. I never knew that he was into art; for he even went onto explaining to me the significances of the paintings that I had on my wall. He displayed the skills of a real Connoisseur; describing the different lights and images, naming various techniques and interpreting each and every line. He really impressed me; I never knew that he could’ve been so, passionate. “You have a nice office,” he later said. 
“Really?” I responded. “Tell me Aaron, how much can a room tell you about a person?”
Aaron took note of my question that was simply fishing for more praise and admiration. He looked at me, smiling, and he had a wide gaze at my office. He touched the different kinds of furniture that were placed across the room and he then stared at the white wall that I had left empty; without any painting to decorate it. “Well,” he began. “I see this little, packed room of yours, full of furniture, a crowded desk, piled books, and then I see this white empty wall and it tells me that you take great care of the little things in your life, but when it comes to the big questions – you just don’t want to answer them.” 
I couldn’t believe what Aaron had just said and frankly, it left me in total despair. I wanted to inquire more about his peculiar intuition though soon, the door-bell buzzed; alarming us of intruding men, and an important report in between Stanley’s hands. They all showed up: Oliver, Stanley, and what was his name again, oh John, John Faulkner. They walked in, slowly; leaving the sound of their footsteps echoing in the deepest parts of my heart. My hands were shaking; unaware of the danger that loomed large. I didn’t know whether the fear in me was going to fade to a relieving truth; or grow to bad news. 
“Evening lawyers,” Mr. Oliver said. “We apologize for calling you forth in such a short notice; but we felt the necessity to do so; having collected breaking information.” 
It was as I had anticipated; I was about to hear crucial information. I thought that I had more time; I thought that we were only in the beginning of this important case. I had already received two police reports that sided against me; but the one that I was about to find out was of greater significance. This one was deemed to be so crucial – that it was nearly impossible to argue against it. I didn’t know how I’ll react to it; but I knew one thing and it was that I was not prepared for this, not yet. 
“The floor is yours, officer” he continued. There he came; Dan Stanley; having a sealed file in his hand. I scrutinized him immediately; wanting to know the content of this envelope beforehand. I looked at his every move; from his facial expressions to the directions that followed his eyes. He wasn’t nervous; on the contrary; he was self-assured and he had his head held high. That arrogance in his eyes was as strong as ever.His confidence, I was certain, had already called it. 
The officer stood there for a while; scrutinizing me in return. Then, he broke the envelope open only to take out a CD that had “Alexei Dmitriyev” written on its cover. That was it, that was the evidence; a tape. What could it possibly conceal? I reckoned that we were about to watch a scene that either provided an alibi for Alexei – or an implication. One thing was certain though, this tape that he held in his hands was about to disclose information that cannot be refuted. 
George Oliver soon led us to the cassette room and the officer immediately placed the CD on the DVD player’s drive that allowed in a vital secret. He grabbed the remote and pressed on the play button. Everything was set; the time had come. “Very well,” Stanley said. “Here it is.” 
The video rolled and I was soon in front of a scene that was taken from a store’s security camera. There were a lot of people coming and going; it seemed like it was set in an important event. I soon knew what I was watching as the date of the tape flashed in front of my eyes. It said: “27/8,” that was the day of the bomb. It was set in a crowded event as we were all distracted by the people’s laughs and cheers, until Stanley interrupted us, saying: “Now focus on the upper right.” Our eyes were instantly directed to that corner of the screen and we stood there, waiting for something unusual to happen. Then, I saw him. I saw Alexei; recognizing his dark curly hair. He had a white hat on and carried a backpack. His brother was also in the picture; walking next to him. They didn’t seem mysterious until this detail happened. Alexei took off his backpack and left it on the ground. He just let it there; on its own, for no reason. I couldn’t believe my eyes; for I soon realized where this was all going. Stanley took the remote and pressed on the fast-forward button. People walked faster, Alexei and Isaak were out of the picture and then, what I feared the most happened; the bomb went off; producing the explosion that blatantly seemed originating from Alexei’s backpack. I stood there speechless; thinking about what I had just witnessed. Stanley stopped the tape and put it back in the envelope; giving me that look, that “I told you so” look. His eyes didn’t only transmit that reaction; for I was able to capture one feeling wandering in them – that of mischief. Aaron, who wasn’t much surprised, looked at me with regretful eyes. George Oliver led them to the exit and I sat down on the desk; still shocked of what I had just discovered. The lights went off and I remained there, thunderstruck, afraid, all on my own, in the dark. 
 Conclusive evidence; it’s the piece of information that you cannot ignore. You might not like it; but you have to acknowledge its presence. Before you discover this crucial evidence, there was always that sheer of hope that remained inside of your heart; calming you, keeping you going. But when you learn of this robust truth; you will feel a sort of bitterness at the tip of your tongue. You will begin to question yourself; was I wrong to have believed in this in the first place? Why haven’t I felt what was going on; why did I have to come across this cruel truth that shattered everything that I believed in. Though, the most important question that we ask ourselves is when we look to move on. What do I do now? What does this evidence mean to me and to the cause that I am pursuing? Is it just a rough patch that I must overcome; or could it be the final stop? I always wonder whether I am doing the right thing; whether I have made the right decisions. Getting to know Alexei has led me to grow attached to him so much that I no longer want to let go. I have been struck by so many encounters since I’ve taken this case; but never have I felt the necessity to stop, to doubt my beliefs. There was always that feeling in my heart, that desire to see justice, that confidence to be doing the right thing. But what if it is time to finally trust my mind? What if it is time to re-evaluate my decisions and look at the facts, assess where I’m standing? Though, I’m afraid that this wasn’t going to happen. Know this well, your heart is the strongest component in you; it controls you, it makes the decisions for you – not your brain. That feeling was leaving me in fear; for when I saw the tape, for some odd reason; I didn’t feel pain, I didn’t feel regret. This hope that lied in my heart remains very alive and I’m afraid that it could cause me trouble. This hope remained unchanged even after encountering the conclusive evidence and I wonder whether this makes me, in a way, the delusional one, this time. 
October 31 
Halloween; it’s a day on the calendar that revolves around fear. Children take on the streets, wear their scary costumes and go trick or treating. What’s in the phrase “trick or treat” anyway? It really kind of sounds like blackmail; give us what we want or face to be hurt. Of course, children have no such intentions and all they want is candy on an occasion like Halloween. However, this event remains a gloomy one; a day that is dedicated to seek the slightest fear in you and use it against you. It’s during Halloween that people gather together to watch a scary movie, decorate their streets in a frightening yet fashionably manner and finally, prank each other with personalized tricks that evokes one’s terror and ends up to be a memorable moment. Bloody scenes on TV, creepy characters walking down the block and plastic spiders can be terrifying sometimes; though these kinds of tricks and taunts never drive your fear to the limits. You see, when your fear becomes so overwhelming, when it reaches to an unbearable extent, it most probably means that you haven’t encountered people in costumes – but rather those who really want to hurt you. I say this all the time: people are afraid of one thing – each other. There’s a lot to fear in this big world and the sad truth is that these encounters happen when you least expect them to. That’s why Halloween is a special day – because we are all on guard and vigilant to any danger that might pose on our way. 
I like Halloween. I usually take the day off and head to New York, to my parents’ house. They live in suburbia and the sight of their street is truly unforgettable at that time of the year; carved pumpkins on the sidewalk, carefully decorated tree-houses and outstanding mood-setting lighting. My brother would also come over and we would watch The Grudge on repeat, while my mother would open the door to serve the costumed children – which didn’t last too long as she’d always empty the whole candy jar in a lucky child’s bag since she easily gets bored of opening the door on and on. 
Though today, I had to skip this happy tradition as Ms. Clark called me in the morning; inquiring about my availability for this evening. She wanted to summon up Aaron and me to her office tonight to discuss the latest events in this case and to read out the indictment against Alexei. Her phone call did chill me to the bone; things were happening so fast and I was rapidly being struck with so many evidence and summons like gun bullets penetrating my heart. Of course, my apprehension soon faded for I realized that an indictment was a common law proceeding which was bound to happen sooner or later. And, after yesterday, how could things possibly get worse? 
As dusk approached, I drove my car before the roads were scheduled to be closed to host the festive trick or treating parade in Charlotte. The moon drew near the horizon and people were beginning to come out of their homes to face a night that promised a lot of surprises. The houses’ decorating lights went on and off while their owners stood on the porch to gaze upon the rest of the gloomy neighborhood. Early trick-or-treaters had already appeared on the streets with their costumes and masks and they knocked on doors in such an early time to be the first ones to have their hands on the precious candy. 
Soon, I made it to Judge Clark’s office and I bumped into Aaron in the parking lot. He greeted me, wished me a happy Halloween and I did the same. Though, small-talks were not on the agenda; we had so many things to share and to talk about – continuing the discussion that was interrupted yesterday. “Starry night,” he said. “I forgot to tell you about the wind that features in the painting; its commotion up in the sky – as opposed to the calmness of the city that resides below it – shows that despite the coldness and pain that existed in Van Gogh’s heart; it didn’t stop the eagerness to express himself that he had; that flamboyant passion that he held onto all his life.” Aaron’s interpretations were truly magical; Van Gogh wasn’t the only passionate person in this conversation. 
 We entered Ms. Clark’s office and we had a seat. She wasn’t in the room when we had come in though she soon walked in and greeted us merrily. “Evening,” she said. “I’m sorry for such short notice but I really needed you to come today. I’ve just received the official indictment and I felt that it was important to see you as soon as it came in.” 
Before she read it out, my heart began beating rapidly. I wasn’t stressed, nor was I under pressure; yet I felt this mild pain in my chest that kept me struggling on my seat. I didn’t know what were the exact reasons behind such discomfort; there couldn’t be one; why would I panic in front of an indictment – which remains a mere accusation and no more than that. 
“Very well lawyer, I shall proceed with the reading,” she said, taking a deep breath. “A federal grand jury returned a 30-count indictment against Alexei Dmitriyev for his alleged role in using weapons of mass destruction to kill three individuals and maim or seriously injure many others. Today’s indictment is the result of the dedicated and collective efforts of law enforcement and intelligence partners, working with a sense of urgency and purpose to find those responsible for this deadly attack. These continuing efforts reflect the pursuit of justice for those who lost their lives and for the scores of individuals who were injured. The indictment alleges that beginning no later than April of the current year and continuing until Dmitriyev was apprehended on the 30th of August, Alexei and his brother Isaak conspired to use improvised explosive devices, IEDs, against people, property, and places of public use. Specifically, the indictment alleges that on August 27 during North Carolina’s annual Renaissance fair, Dmitriyev and his brother placed IEDs among the crowds and after placing these heavy IEDs, the indictment alleges, Dmitriyev and his brother detonated the bombs seconds apart, killing three people, maiming and injuring many more, and forcing a premature end to the fair. The indictment alleges that the IEDs were constructed from pressure cookers, explosive powder and other items and were designed to shred skin, shatter bone, and cause extreme pain and suffering, as well as death.”
That was, intense. Especially that last sentence; shred skin, shatter bone; what? After she had finished reading it out, you’d expect to see me in dire strait. Though that wasn’t the case; for I remained blank; emotionless. As she read it out; for some reason, I wasn’t able to focus on what she was saying. Her words had no effect on me and somehow, with every letter she uttered; I felt that I was drifting away; away from Ms. Clark, Aaron and the indictment. For a moment, I forgot that I was a lawyer and that I had to listen to her, and I was merely taken by a slender flow of wind that transported me somewhere so far away. It was a weird feeling; but it was real; I just couldn’t concentrate, as if this indictment had nothing to do with me, or my client. Nevertheless, my daydreaming did not last too long, sadly. 
Ms. Clark took a deep breath and finally said this: “In conclusion, the 30-count indictment against Dmitriyev includes 17 charges carrying the death penalty.”
As she uttered that last word, my eyes popped out of my skull and my heart; it burned. I couldn’t believe what I had just heard; did I just hear the “D” word? Was there the word death in her conclusion; was I dreaming or was this dreadful form of retribution really going to be applied in my case? Capital punishment; it’s what I have been dreading most since day one. Soon, I laid my hand on my forehead; wanting to know whether my fever was shooting up. I felt this dizziness in my head; as if I was falling from the sky. Judge Clark and Aaron were terribly shocked of my reaction. “Are you OK dear?” she said. I looked at them gently, rolled my eyes, and then, I collapsed. “Rosamund, Rosamund!” I heard. 
Halloween; it’s a day like any other; a day that exploits your fears and uses them against you. We really are living in a scary big world. Why are we so oblivious of tomorrow? Why does God give us the ability of free-will; yet He throws so many challenges and encounters on our way that control our days and haunt our nights. It’s a pretty debatable topic; whether Mankind possesses the ability to control their lives. Life is a decision-making process and we all make so many decisions to bring out the best in our lives. And yes, there are certain matters that we are able to decide. Overcoming diseases, nailing success and fighting evil and oppression are only a few things that Mankind can accomplish on their own. Yet, there are some things in life that we can’t control and one of them is, Death. Death; it’s inevitable, unpredictable and simply tragic. It’s the end of the road; whether you’ve reached your destination – or not. It is quite an intriguing concept; which leaves me most of the time in struggle with my Faith, questioning God over his decisions to call upon our time. Now, Death can’t be controlled or avoided; once it comes knocking on our doors; we are forced to give in to it. It is quite comprehensible to see someone dying when God truly decides that the time had come; yet sometimes that’s not the case. What’s not understandable, and which leaves me so vulnerable, powerless, is that for a very few, they know that their time is up – because Mankind had decided so. 
November 1 
Bullies; the truth is that you don’t simply find them on the playground. They’re everywhere: you will find them at your workplace; colleagues fighting you mercilessly for that one promotion. You will see them on your street; neighbors plotting against you to force you into accepting their own envisioned neighborhood modifications. You can find a bully almost everywhere; from your step door to the local grocery store. Bullies use either superior strength or influence to intimidate you; to force you to do something. There are many ways to get rid of a bully; some opt to ignore them, while others tend to defy them. Obviously, sometimes it is best to avoid conflict; especially when it’s not worth it. But if your right has been taken away, if you feel that you have been disrespected insolently; don’t let them have the last word. Fight them, because trust me on this, a bully will always remain a bully and they will keep on harassing you until you decide to stop them. However, sometimes, it’s not you who is being harassed; but there comes a time when you witness bullying. The question is that when you see someone being abused and unfairly treated; do you step in to help them out, or do you simply walk away? It’s always nice to interfere when you feel that someone is in trouble; but what if you realize that the bully is too strong for you too? 
Yesterday, I fainted in Ms. Clark’s office after hearing that Alexei could face the death penalty. Thankfully, Aaron rushed me to the hospital and I recovered overnight. The doctor told me that I was stressed out and he even suggested that I take a few days off from work. Well, he was not at fault; I am feeling a bit tired and I’d certainly need a vacation. This case is really going to see the end of me; though my determination won’t allow any single day of rest. Anyway, I had spent the night at the hospital and the doctor allowed me to go home today. Now, collapsing at the magistrate’s office was kind of embarrassing yet I soon found out that it was favorable for another matter – because know this well, some things do happen for a reason. Today, I witnessed a great event that left me in fuming anger but also in complete admiration. 
I had overslept and I woke up at around 11 am. The nurse offered me breakfast, though I had to refuse for I remembered that it was Zorro’s lunch time and I had to rush home to re-fill his eating bowl before he woke up. He must have waited for me all night; now that’s loyalty. Someone else was also waiting for me all night long; the nurse told me: “There’s a guy who kept you company all night; he was worried sick about you. But he had to leave for work this morning.” It must have been Aaron; God that man is so kind. I still can’t believe that I	had thought he could have been up to no good. 
Anyway, I’ve quickly put on my clothes and I prepared to leave. Though, as I left the room; I unexpectedly saw Ms. Clark in the corridor. I had no time to greet her for she seemed furious and she crossed the hallway with fueling eyes; accompanied by two tall men who wore a black suit and big black sunglasses. She looked so mad; which kept me wondering about the reason behind that. Yet, there’s something I noticed as she walked passed me; she wasn’t only angry; but I was also able to perceive one twinkling emotion in her eyes; determination. Someone must have damaged her purpose; I reckoned that this had something to do with her profession – especially seeing the two fearless men around her. 
I remained on my feet for a while; bewildered by what could have happened. I made up scenarios in my head and I was about to inquire about the situation until I realized that I probably should stay out of this – that this was none of my business. However, I soon realized that it actually was, my business. As I was about to leave my room; someone else also stormed out of the hospital. I heard heavy footsteps coming from the right and when I turned my head to see who it could be; there he was; officer Dan Stanley. The robust man was also in fury; his head was completely red; he seemed pissed off and his eyes were fueling with anger and annoyance. He walked past me and had a glance at my inquisitive face; and that is when I realized how much irritated he was. His eyes didn’t only transmit frustration, but the way he looked at me also indicated one thing – that I was involved in this. 
Immediately, I asked around to know what had exactly happened this morning. Many refused to tell me; but you know; there’s always that talkative nurse. Soon I found her. “The hospital was in turmoil all morning” she began. “You see, Alexei Dmitriyev woke up today.” 
Alexei woke up today. That sentence, that utterance, resonated vibrantly in the deepest part of my heart. Alexei had recovered from a coma – and that meant two things. First, this means that I’m finally able to meet him. At last, I don’t have to constantly look at his picture or repeatedly dream of his every word to me. I’ll get to find out his real personality on my own; he’ll tell me in person what he really is, who he really is. The very first words of that nurse left me in euphoria; I was really excited to be meeting Alexei; to share with him my troubles; to hear from him his own. Still, the nurse’s revelation also meant another thing – a much negative complication. You see, Alexei woke up from a coma and he’s now aware of what’s happening around him. Alexei is now waking up to face a real nightmare – as he will have to confront the enraged people, deal with all the prejudice and most of all, try to forget the friends that have abandoned him long ago. Sometimes, I think that maybe it’s not worth it to live; that maybe it would’ve been better for him if he hadn’t made it. 
“He woke up at around 3 am,” she continued. “And the hospital thought that it would be probably best to keep it quiet until the following morning; however; the news was somehow leaked from inside the hospital and almost immediately after, a police man arrived at the premises.” 
It could only be Stanley. Though it was kind of strange; to have him in particular to come down here – at such an early time. How could it be that he was the first one to have his hands on the news? Couldn’t he have waited until the morning? It most certainly was an odd affair; and I suspected that something bad happened this morning. My suspicions, unfortunately, were not at fault. 
“This officer lost no time and he immediately entered the patient’s room – under the pretext that he is seeking a confession. Do you want to know what’s the odd thing about it? He was in there for 5 hours straight.”
All my excitement, all my worries, faded at that last revelation. Her words left me in astonishment; igniting in me a great fury. I remained shocked for a while; trying to assimilate the information that I have just received. What have I just heard? Have I just been told that Stanley barged in on Alexei; who’s only just got back his consciousness; and interrogated him for 5 full hours? This was outrageous; for Stanley has committed an intolerable act – an act that betrayed his institution’s principles, and mine. Alexei is an American citizen – therefore he has an inalienable and undeniable human right – his Miranda Rights. He has the right to remain silent – and what angers me the most is that Stanley knew very well of this right and yet he went on and interrogated him. I know why he’s done it and I must say that it is truly a shameful thing to say – officer Dan Stanley was not seeking a confession – but he was actually pressuring Alexei into incriminating himself. He intimated him for 5 hours straight to get a confession that does not derive from the truth – but from fear. Alexei must have repeatedly demanded his right to remain silent – an entitlement that Stanley obviously denied.Well, I knew of Stanley’s immorality, but I never imagined that he would go to that extent. It’s simple: there is zero legal or ethical justification for denying a suspect in custody this fundamental right. This is a US citizen arrested for an alleged crime on US soil: there is no justification whatsoever for denying him his repeatedly exercised right to counsel. And know this well, if the people of this city cheer when they hear that Alexei’s right to counsel had been denied, then they’re enabling the institutionalization of that violation, and thus ensuring that they have no basis or ability to object when that right is denied to others whom they find more sympathetic: including themselves.
I was raging in fury and I did not know how to calm myself. Though, my anger eventually faded for I soon took note of another important event that occurred right after Stanley’s disgraceful act of abuse. “That’s not all,” the nurse continued. “As the officer continued interrogating the boy for a 5th hour, I was shocked to hear that someone had the courage to interrupt him. It was Federal Magistrate Jennifer Clark, who, as soon as she had heard about it, on her own, scheduled a hospital-room hearing, interrupted the officer’s interrogation and advised Alexei of his right to remain silent. Since then, he ceased answering the officer’s questions.”
Bullies; we all have ones. They’re the people who would use their high authority and intimidating impression to take your every vulnerability to their own advantage. They’re the people who know exactly what you fear; and they’ll exploit it against you, on and on, until they completely wear you off. I knew that Stanley was a bully and I knew of his bad intentions; though it had never crossed my mind that he would commit such an unethical, immoral act. Seeing someone getting bullied is no easy sight to watch – because you would immediately put yourself in that person’s shoes. The sight of such mistreatment leaves in you an urging feeling to respond; to step in. And that’s a great feeling – because it reunites people together and it can on its own fight bullying and abuse. Stanley’s shameful act left in me that particular feeling – yet I did not respond, I did not fight back. That is simply because I was also a victim of Stanley’s intimidation and although I would hit back if he ever came knocking on my door; fighting someone else’s combat was ill-advised. He was too strong – too powerful. Nevertheless, that did not stop someone else from interfering. The woman was a real saint. Her wisdom, strong-mindedness and authority are inspiring – and these traits were sufficient to face Stanley’s dominant figure. She knew that someone was being unfairly treated and she immediately set things right – interrupting Stanley and advising Alexei of his rights. The sight of her, barging in on Stanley, must have been truly exceptional. After leaving the hospital, both Stanley and Clark were on my mind. There was this collage in my head of Judge Clark leaving the hospital with her head held high, confident and proud, and on the opposite side; Dan Stanley following her, keeping his head down, angry, and ashamed. The sight of both Judge Clark’s and officer Dan Stanley’s expressions has taught me a great lesson. You see, there might be a lot of bullies out there; though you should also know that every bully, has a bully. 
November 5 
Deception; it’s the act of making someone believe something that is not true. Sometimes, deceiving someone can be utterly dreadful. People deceive each other every day; telling them things that they do not want to hear; or hiding from them something they long to. There’s always a hidden agenda behind the act of deception; some of us do it to avoid getting in trouble, while others simply deceive to hurt others. Dishonesty is quite a common affair in our society. There are so many dishonest people in this world – and the truth is that they’re difficult to be recognized. If you look close enough though; you might spot them. If you look closely at their body gestures and at their wandering eyes; you might be able to know the credibility of their speech. Although many believe that one’s eyes can reveal their secret, I think that the human eye is the most powerful component in our body. It can conceal so many emotions and expose only those that would satisfy our agenda. For me, if you want to know whether a person is being honest; look closely at the way they incline their head. If their head is held upright and still; it means that they can be considered as honest people. Though, when you notice that they always have their head inclined to side; they would be the people I would advise to avoid. Now, deception can be a horrid affair, but there will come a time when you deceive someone for their own sake. There would be no ulterior motive behind your speech, nor would you gain anything from such deception. You’ll be thinking of the other person’s thoughts and emotions; whether what you might say could touch them, hurt them. Deceiving someone to protect them can be regarded as a caring thing to do, but wouldn’t it betray the values of honesty and ethics; and how much different is it from any other mere lie? 
Today, I didn’t go to the office as I still was recovering from having collapsed a few days ago; I had hurt my elbow badly when I fell and it still hurts. I phoned Mr. Oliver to tell him about it and he wished me a speedy recovery. I wasn’t too excited to be staying home; for I didn’t have much to do in this empty house. The television news was unbearable as every channel had something bad to say about Alexei; and I couldn’t go out without the fear of being ambushed. You know, there was a time when I would go out and be waved merrily from afar by someone whom I had forgotten their last names, or be given warm smiles from people whom I had never met. Even this very house was quite famous; there would be so many guests coming in and out. I used to organize so many parties and gatherings here and it would always end up being an exceptional night. It’s fascinating how people can forget so easily; how the people with whom you have shared so many memories, those you’ve once let into your home, can easily leave you behind without a bit of remorse. 
Anyway, my solitude did not last too long; for I soon received a phone call that would light up my day – and my life. Ms. Clark phoned me at around noon and she gave me an address that would soon become the place in which I would confide; where I would be able to speak to someone whom I never met – yet who understands me every bit. “You can now visit Alexei” she said. The sentence resonated in my mind for a while until I was able to comprehend it; that’s when it penetrated my heart. Have I just been allowed to finally see Alexei Dmitriyev?For a moment, I thought that I was dreaming, yet I felt that this nightmare that I have embarked on long ago had instantly begun to fade – that a shining light had struck in between the dark clouds and that for once, I was giventhe spotlight. I was finally able to meet this person whom I have longed to see for a long time. This joy in my heart was quite understandable. I not only felt that I was going to see someone who destiny had done us part – but that I was about to reunite with someone so dear to me, like a son. And so, I went to him. 
As I drove my car, I felt that I no longer was behind the wheels – but that I was simply a passenger waiting to arrive to their destination. I don’t know whether my euphoria was drawing illusions; but it was quite an odd feeling. I forgot about the traffic, the surrounding people that gazed upon me with so much contempt, and I let go of all the things that seemed so ordinary. You know this feeling; when you lose your sense of focus of the things that happen around you and you immediately look to the future; as if you were already there. It happens to me quite often; to be dreaming of the future and to forget the present; that I could skip it. Sitting in the car; waiting upon my arrival; made me overthink so many things. I thought of the future, about all the things that I could do with Alexei; all the benefits that this meeting would procure us. I have been longing for this bond to happen and it was finally about to come to be. This meeting meant something to me and the mission I was in – and it was no step back. 
Soon, I made it to the address that Ms. Clark had given me. I looked across the window only to see a building that left me dazed in front of its big hung sign. It said: “Charlotte’s Federal Prison.” I don’t why I was shocked; Alexei is a suspect in custody and he has to remain in jail unless he’s bailed out – that is set on a crazy sum of money. I saw it coming; yet I still don’t why I was shocked to be in this situation. Was I just not used to seeing a prison; or did I fear what it actually meant. I remained on my seat for a while; looking at the humongous building. For a moment, I considered turning around but as soon as I heard Alexei’s voice resonating in my mind – which I had never heard – I felt compelled to see this through, and so I pulled the breaks.
 I entered the building and I was shocked to find out how utterly filthy it was. The floors hadn’t been scrubbed, the furniture hadn’t been dusted and the room’s atmosphere was choking. This was only the lobby – so I call it – and I wondered how the cells looked like. Though, the prison’s filth wasn’t the only thing that bothered my eye; for everything around me was there to remind me who I am and who I was coming to visit. Everyone looked at me with scowling eyes and their least reaction to me was a simple yet cruel nod of the head. The utter cruelty though, lied in these forceful walls that looked at me with so much disdain, wanting to ignite me the simplest bit of guilt. 
A man – who Ms. Clark had sent to wait on me – guided me to the lockups department. Soon, I made it to a hallway that separated two lines of little cells – that locked up the country’s most dreadful criminals. As I walked past them; I received a handful of comments from left and right – and there was not a bit of decency in them. I ignored the loud shouts and screams, the bad language and the vulgar flirt-talk until one cell-mate was able to taunt me. “She’s also got the guts to show up here and visit that awful fella of hers” he said. Then, I turned to him swiftly and the hallway soon plunged into total silence – leaving the cellmates astonished and curious of how this might end. I approached the man who was tattooed to the bone. I gave him a hint of a smile and I	 told him calmly: “I wouldn’t say a word if I were you. The irony; you just think about what got you here in the first place.” I turned around and continued towards my direction until he said: “Then what makes me so different than that boy of yours.” As he uttered those cruel words, I stood there for a moment, speechless, unable to hit back. He was right. 
There was no time for reverence to the man’s cruel sense of wisdom; Alexei was waiting for me. The man led me to a special room at the end of the corridor; he let me in and he stayed out. As I lifted my head from the ground; there he was; Alexei. I found a boy who fitted the description that I had envisioned, a boy whose sweet eyes and childlike air spoke for themselves. I was even more overwhelmed when he looked at me right in the eye. Once our looks intertwined; I felt that everything around me had disappeared and that we stood there, face to face, alone. Once our looks crossed; I felt, how I felt, that our eyes had interlocked; instantly destroying the barrier of stranger and curiosity that distanced us and divinely bringing us together, as one. “Hi” he said. 
It didn’t take us too long to connect. We immediately got along; bonding over so many discussions that ranged from small talk to pep talk. This boy was thriving with motivation, excitement and most of all, happiness. He was happy. He was raiding me with smiles that brightened my heart and he told me nice things – something no one had for a long time. It was truly unbelievable; to have such a boy, who’s in such a mess, to be that happy.It was inspiring. Our conversation seemed to have no end: we talked for hours about so many different things; about life, happiness, hard-work and determination. We could not talk much about the case in itself; for he informed me that he was suffering from a strong loss of memory and that his last recollection was only a few days before the bombing. Although then I didn’t seem to care; now I do. The amnesia he is suffering is not worrying; but when it ends up in the hands of bad people; it will be, worrying. Stanley must be delighted as everything Alexei has forgotten is in the advantage of his culpability. The evidence that I thought I could procure from him has now been sent to oblivion. 
I had brought with me two chicken big macs; Alexei had mentioned on Twitter that it was his favorite meal. “Extra cheese, no pickles; exactly the way you like it” I smiled. I was rejoicing every minute that I spent with Alexei and both of us were so happy. We had our meals and continued blossoming our long-standing relationship. Though, this moment was not bound to last – and it unfortunately ended not so festively. “Do you know how are things with my brother?” he said. This question left me in astonishment and at first I didn’t comprehend it. Surely he was talking about ‘one of his bros’, you know, from anotha’ mother. “Isaak” he asserted. Oh God, they hadn’t told him about it. He didn’t know that his brother was dead and I was supposed to reveal this awful news. My happy mood soon disappeared; being replaced with a slender feeling of fear and confusion. How could I tell him that his own flesh and blood had been killed? How could I tell him that the murderer is reportedly, him?
“I’m afraid,” I muttered. “He didn’t make it.” As I uttered those last words; the room immediately plunged into total silence; leaving Alexei in complete shock and despair. He could not hold on to his smile no more: the boy immediately lost all sense of control; bursting into tears. “No, no” he repeated. It was truly an unbearable sight to watch – heartbreaking. I could not bear this; I had to go. My presence would only make things worse and Alexei needed to stay alone. I exhaled as I saw him consuming his every breath, exhausting all his tears. As I slowly neared to the exit; he said: “I’m going to be fine, right?” That question was even more painful. I thought of all the evidence that lay on the table, imagined the worst possible scenario and for a moment, I was about to nod “no” with my head. “Everything will be OK” I mumbled. 
Deception; it’s a lie we tell to ourselves. Hiding an unbearable truth from someone is something we consider as a favor but the truth is that it may work momentarily, but it’s never the solution on the long term. The truth is the truth; it’s omnipresent and it will flash in front of your eyes when you least expect it to. Now, it doesn’t really matter whether you’ve deceived someone – as long as you’re not deceiving yourself. When I told Alexei that everything was going to be OK, it didn’t feel like I was only protecting him. I felt that I had to say this – to reassure the very bit of hope left in my heart. This hope that I have been talking about so profoundly since the beginning of my journey was slowly fading, dying. I thought that I could be confident; that I will remain adherent to my own beliefs, the ones that I have been pursuing so eagerly. No, I can’t. I can’t go on, I can’t keep on lying to myself, saying that everything was going to be alright, that I was going to seek the truth by myself and I’ll prove everyone who’s doubted me wrong. Enough deception; I will not make a fool out of myself; I will not bare any deceiving feeling that I might come across. My heart was leading me the way but the time has come to leave my emotions aside and reason with my mind. What does my head tell me then? Well, it’s telling me a lot of things that I have been reluctant to admit – and asking me to let go was one of them. 
November 6
Giving up; it’s surrendering when it becomes our last option. When you feel that you’re under too much pressure, if your energy has been worn off and you feel that you can’t go on; you surrender. Sometimes, capitulating can be advantageous for when you lose a battle; it might let you find another way to win the war. Never fear to give up; there’s no shame in defeat and in life, you lose so many, but you always win more. Some people can’t give up; they’re either so eager to succeed or that their pride can’t resign to defeat. These people will never succeed in life simply because if you don’t accept a setback, you will never let it teach you what it holds. And trust me, a mere defeat can hold so many secrets – the secret to success is one of them. That’s why we were taught in kindergarten to play it smart in the playground: never succumb to intimidation, but always assess the situation – and if you feel that things are about to get worse, give up. Now, what do we feel after we have given up? Do we feel a sweet sense of relief, or bitter regret? These feelings will only taunt you for a while because you will realize that after a defeat, something will come and tell you whether or not you’ve done the right decision – and most of the times, you have. 
I haven’t been feeling quite myself today. I stayed locked up in my office all morning; looking from across the window with daydreaming eyes. It was a beautiful day; when one would take on the parks, with their friends and family. I looked from up the window; scrutinizing the tiny people that looked like ants from where I was observing. People were going in and out of shops, buying a hot dish on the go and holding hands so merrily. I gazed upon these people; envying the solidarity among them, the pureness in their smiles and the happiness in the hearts. They all seemed so happy, as if nothing bothered them in life, that they were satisfied with what they had. It was truly depressing – envying others’ happiness. It makes me go back and dig into my memory; seeking a happy moment that I could still cherish. I hadn’t much success in that either; for everything I once cherished had faded of value and everything I once loved, had disappeared. This makes me wonder whether I’ll ever be happy in my life. Will I ever be able to regain my social life; have my old friends back? Will I ever be able to fit in again; be treated like any other person in this city; unrecognized as if I were only a number? I don’t why I was thinking this way; but I knew one thing and it is that I am not happy. I haven’t been for a long time and I can’t seem to remember what was pushing me to go on, to smile, to act. What drove me here in the first place? How did I get here; with what mean, with what strength? 
Soon, I received a little visit from a man who came to add more pressure to my life. Dan Stanley knocked on my door; having two files in his hands. I looked at him with indifferent eyes; he and the files seemed insignificant to me. It was weird; I had always lightened up when he came in; either fearing bad news or feeling something else, I forgot what it was. Stanley went in and posed the files on my desk. I was struggling to stay awake. “What do you bring me this time” I was able to mutter. The officer wasn’t in the mood for a quarrel – though he seemed a bit happier seeing me in such a state. There was this smile that he slipped – an evil one. 
“I’ve got you two more evidence reports; I think that would seal this” he said. Of course you’ve got me evidence reports; why would you be here if you didn’t? He did mention that they would seal this; that these were the last reports that the police would issue. Should have I been worried? Was I supposed to look forward to them; that they might contain something good, game-changing? I don’t remember how I felt; actually I barely remember what happened today. I was so, tired. 
“What are they about?” I said, calmly yet a bit carelessly. The officer was shocked of my unbearable nonchalance. He hadn’t seen it coming and from the look in his eyes; he was relishing every moment. There I saw it again; that hint of a smile; showing his delightful content. He then approached me and decided to pause that smile for a while; so I could see it, feel it. His wicked arrogance taunted me a bit; but I didn’t want to hit back, I didn’t have the strength to. 
“The first one,” he began. “Shows that Alexei tried to commit suicide when he was hiding in the boat; thrusting two bullets into his own neck.” My body shivered when he uttered that last sentence. I regained focus and I heard his utterances again in my head; trying to comprehend them. Alexei tried to take his own life – something only the most vulnerable would do. It made sense; a guilty conscience can drive us to commit so many desperate acts – even the most crucial ones. 
“The second,” he continued. “Asserts that Alexei had killed cop Anderson Olivera before hijacking his car.” I also took time to digest the officer’s most recent input. Alexei had murdered a cop to steal his car – a comprehensible way of fleeing when in combat. It made sense; Alexei was stressed out so he killed a man; stole his car and tried to flee from the shootout; running down his brother fugitively. 
“That is all” he said. The officer soon left the office; leaving me in complete astonishment – yet in total understanding. I thought of what I just had heard and then I resumed my daydreaming, gazing upon the ants down the street. 
Giving up; it’s an uneasy decision to make. Sometimes, you may believe in something so profoundly and it could drive you somewhere so far; that you forget when to stop. There are limits in life and we have all gone over them a few times. If we give up; it means that we’ve accepted the reality; that our reason has ordered us to stop before it was too late. Admitting defeat can be quite harsh and a few ambivalent emotions might come your way; but in the end; you’ve given up and you can’t change it. Today, I wasn’t feeling well and I couldn’t let this state of mind go one any further because I knew very well that the illness of the mind can result in the illness of the body. I daydreamed all day; of the beautiful life that I once had and of the awful present that I now live. I envied other people’s lives, smiles and happiness and then I realized that to stop envying, I had to assess myself again. I had to see what’s wrong in my life and how I could deal with it. What’s going on with my life? Well, I’ve lost my friends, my reputation, my friendly entourage and most of all, God I can’t believe I’m saying this; I’ve wasted my time. Why did I agree to do this in the first place? Why tarnish my whole life for something I thought I believed in so powerfully? I can’t lie to myself anymore, I’ve committed a mistake, I shouldn’t have accepted this case. I shouldn’t have alienated myself from the rest, fought people so stubbornly and believe in something so deeply, letting it into my life, allowing it to control my ability to reason and consenting it for having taken me so far away – blindly. I don’t want to fight anymore, I don’t want to be the bad person here; I just want to be my old self again. If in order to retrieve my old life again I have to resign, then that is exactly what I’m going to do. I would do anything just to get things back to the way they were, normally, happily. It’s over, I give up; I give up. And what do I feel after uttering these words? Well, there’s only one word to describe it; relief. 
November 7 
Warnings; they’re the statements that warn us of something. We’re warned of a lot of things in life. When we were children; our parents advised us to avoid talking to strangers; “stranger danger” they used to say. Our friends can also warn us of doing things that we might not be aware of their consequences. These precautionary warnings are there to help us, protect us from any danger that might be lurking around the corner. Now, there’s also another type of warning that we might consider. When we take a decision, we might come across a kind of warning that conveys a certain message to make us reconsider. These warnings also alert us from danger – that we might instigate to ourselves. Such notices want to appeal the decision that we have taken and sometimes, they can be quite convincing. 
Today was a Saturday and unlike yesterday, it was cold and soaking wet. One could hear the rain dropping on roofs and see it from across the window, conquering the sky. I stayed home all day and it looked like I was going to be there for some time. After discussing it over with myself yesterday, I decided to resign. I sent a parcel to work this morning that announced so. I don’t want to step foot in that office; I’ll probably send over someone to gather up my stuff. And that would end this chapter of my life; blank pages that held no expression, no love, no happiness. I was already looking forward to resurrecting my old life and I was keen on making it happen.
I received a few parcels this morning as well. “Letters” I said inquiringly. “For me?” They all had my address on them so the mailman hadn’t mistaken them for the neighbor. It was kind of odd; the last time I received a letter from someone was weeks ago – some death threat. Who could it be? Then, I tore them open one after another only to realize that these were actually letters addressed to me and that they were written by people from around the world who support Alexei. There were at least a hundred of them and although I hesitated upon reading them, I later did so – since I had nothing else to do. 
People from around the world had sent me – all the way from Tokyo passing by Moscow and Istanbul to the very tip of Argentina. They were all written in English; some were understandable, others not so much. I recognized names from different genders, different ethnicities and religions that all united over one issue; Alexei. It was a bit nice reading them; some said kind things about Alexei while others literally investigated and analyzed the whole case – all drawing one conclusion; innocence. They all took their time sending to me; acting like real lawyers, pleading a real case.Unfortunately, they were replacing the lawyer Alexei never had. I really cried my eyes out reading these lovely letters. These people all believe in something that I ceased to. They are counting on me; on a courageous lawyer who is going to vindicate them and Alexei. I am not that lawyer. 
There was this letter that I found interesting and worthy to share: 
Dear Ms. Rosamund O’ Hara, 
I apologize for my informal way of communicating to you; though I believe you will understand why I have decided to write to you. My name is Sven and I come from a small town in Germany, near the city of Leipzig. I have been following the news from home and I was really intrigued about the CRF bombing. I wish my condolences to all those who’ve lost people that were close to them, but this letter is not about mourning anyone. This is a thank you letter to a person who deserves recognition and gratitude. That person has proved to be the prime example of wisdom, strength and bravery. That person is you, Rosamund. I don’t know if you know it but you have become an inspiration to a lot of young people around the world. Your courage, outspokenness and fearlessness of doing the right thing have inspired a lot of people to join you in your quest to justice. I assure you that we are numbered, more than you know it, and we are willing to help you, stand by you and fight to restore justice. With all the prejudice that is going on, ridiculous evidence and especially the great scandal of an officer who did not advise Alexei of his rights to counsel, it is blatantly obvious that the balance of justice had been influenced even before the appearance of Alexei in front of a court of law. That is unjust and I think your foremost goal – regardless of the outcome – is to seek justice and to restore it. This motivation that you hold has already filled our hearts and we are all backing you to continue on doing the right thing. You, Rosamund, you are our inspiration. 
Take care, 
Sven.” 
That letter had me bursting into tears. No Sven, I’m not your inspiration, I don’t deserve to be. I’m not near being courageous; I’m a coward I tell you, a real coward. My ‘wisdom’ deceived me and that bravery you’re talking about has taken me way off limits. To all those who’ve sent me their letters, I am not your hero. I am not a hero. 
I remained glued on my seat for a long time; thinking about those letters, those lovely letters. When I wanted to pile them up; a sealed letter fell from my hand. “That’s strange” I whispered. The letter had no address, source or stamp on it. It was just an envelope; lost with the rest. “Do I open it?” I asked myself. I wasn’t sure whether this letter was addressed to me and I wouldn’t want to pry on other people’s lives. Though, my curiosity soon overwhelmed me; and I tore it open immediately. 
I first had a quick read of the letter; but when I located my name and some odd terms and words, I reread it. This was no fan letter; on the contrary, it held more serious information that left me bewildered by a strong feeling that would later haunt my nights. The rhythm of my heart was accelerating as I read the letter and my eyes were simply, mesmerized by the daunting content. “Oh my,” I said at the end of it. This was the letter:
“Dear Rosamund,
I regret addressing this letter to you in such an informal way; for you should understand that my options of contacting you are limited and doing so in person would instigate much more serious implications. I have left this letter among the other letters that you have received and please understand that I cannot disclose any source or identity for I might – and so would you – be put in danger if I did so. I have written this letter because there are certain things that I am aware of and I am not able to communicate them to you in person. We have met several times before and I was never able to advise you of the things that were happening around you. My silence is shameful I must admit, but with this letter, I look to redeem my errors. This letter is addressed to you and it does not constitute a threat of any sorts – but simply a warning. The things that are happening around me have compelled me to take actions and advise you about them. Rosamund, I reckon that you have been having a hard time lately am I right? Do you believe in something so profoundly – yet valid indications are slowly drifting you away from it? You’ve been having a hard time believing certain things – like a dilemma between what you believe and what you’re seeing. Well, the aim of this letter is to tell you that you should not listen to everything you are being told. You not only have the ability to doubt – but to refute as well. And trust me, everything that you have heard or seen can be contested. Know this well Rosamund, what is happening around you is not within the ordinary. You are not handling a normal case and I’m telling from now, beware of your surroundings and remain vigilant at all times. You must understand that there are a lot of people involved in this – a lot of powerful people. These people are up to no good and they would eliminate anyone who might stand in their way. That is why I ask you to be careful and most of all, to remain brave, because you will need it.” 
Warnings; they are instructions that urge you to follow them. We receive a lot of warnings and we don’t always abide by them. The letters that I have received today from Alexei’s support constituted a form of warning; urging me not to give up and motivating me into going forward. These were warnings that I will not follow; even if I wanted to. I want to help these people out, I want to help Alexei. Alexei, please forgive me, I really like you and I really believe that you couldn’t have done such a thing, but please, I can’t go on. I thought I could, but I was simply deceived by my own ambitions. Now, while some warnings are not always respected; others can be so daring that you immediately think twice. The second letter that I received today was truly an anonymous tip for trouble. The way it was written, so strongly, showed exactly how important it was. The content seemed confusing and I didn’t really understand what it was talking about. What did it mean when it said that a lot of people were involved? Why did it stress on their power, on their malevolence? And, why would I possibly be in danger? Who could be out there, waiting for the opportunity to hurt me? This letter sure scared me to the bone; leaving in me a feeling that I thought I had got ridden of; fear. So, what do I do now? I won’t reconsider my decision of resigning; but would I be living the rest of my life in shame if I didn’t? Or will I be haunted by my worst inhibitions if I did? A lot of questions were turning in my head at the moment and I truly was not up to answer them, at least not yet. 
November 5 
 Epiphanies; they are moments of sudden and great revelation or realization. The most common form of epiphanies are the ones thatare a sudden, intuitive perceptions or insights into the reality of something, often initiated by some simple, commonplace occurrence. This kind of epiphany might help us solve a problem that has been turning in our head for a long time. One simple occurrence can allow us to see things in a whole new and deeper perspective. There’s also the kind of epiphany that strikes us with a revelation about ourselves; waking us from our ignorant slumber. This epiphany triggers a certain urge in us to take action – and make a decision that would change the course of our lives. Such realization is usually prompted by something we have seen or heard that we had been ignorant of. This truth that we come to discover is the answer of all our questions – leaving us in hindsight. 
Yesterday, I have received an anonymous letter that addressed a warning. It advised me to remain careful and it revealed that a lot of things were happening behind my back. The content of the letter remained in my head this morning; inviting my worst inhibitions to haunt me.I really didn’t know what the person was talking about – but it sure left me on guard for any danger that might come my way.
 It was a Sunday and the weather remained unchanged from yesterday; it was cold, gloomy and unbearable outside. I wanted to order a nice meal for dinner from a nice pizza place down the block; though when I searched for my phone to get its delivery number, I realized that I had forgotten it in the office. “Damn it” I said. My parcel should be there and I wondered whether George Oliver had read it yet. I really didn’t want him to see me after he did; still, I remembered that it was a Sunday and that the office was closed. I had included my keys of the office inside the parcel but that was no problem for I knew the generator who used to open to me when I forgot them.So, I soon left my apartment and I headed to the office “one last time.” 
I got stuck in a heavy traffic that left the car put for more than half an hour. The sun had already retired for the day and the moon had risen above the beautiful skyline of Charlotte. Although big black clouds had soon conquered the sky, the moon always found a way to flash in front of our eyes. The clouds were moving fast and they were getting darker by the minute. The flags of nearby hotels waved swiftly; only giving us a glimpse of the powerful wind that was about to strike the city. The rain dropped with no repos; flooding the streets and sidewalks. The clouds, the winds and the rain; the symptoms were all there: a storm was coming. 
I soon made it to the office’s parking and that is when I noticed the oddest thing ever. There were three parked cars. Who would come to the office today? I exited my vehicle and opened my umbrella; sheltering myself from the sky’s nocturnal bombardments. I approached the three cars to have a glance at them and to determine their owners. The black Maserati was George Oliver’s car. “Damn” I said. A feeling of hesitation immediately hit me; casting doubts on whether I would have the courage to face him once more. I wouldn’t know what to say to him if he had read the letter. “Maybe he hasn’t read it yet” reassured a little voice in my head. It was then settled; I was going to see this through. Though I soon realized that facing him was not a problem compared to what I discovered when I had a glance at the other two cars. They were Aaron’s and Dan Stanley’s. “What the” I whispered. Why would all three be in my office at this time of the day? Why wasn’t I summoned up as well? If they weren’t discussing over a fresh piece of evidence – and Stanley did assert to me that there wasn’t going to be any – then what might have gathered them together and that would exclude my presence? A lot of questions were turning in my head at that time and well, all of them were about to be answered. 
I made it to the inside of the building; putting a temporary end to the storm. I left my umbrella next to the staircase that I would soon hike as the elevator was down. I arrived in front of the office exhausted; unable to see what was in front of me as the office’s lights were off. I then drew out my hands to touch what could be standing on my way. I approached slowly towards the office’s entrance; producing the least possible sound with my feet. Everything was dark and I feared that I might stumble and blow my cover. I walked stealthily past the hallway until I perceived a weak light coming from the end of the corridor. I went slowly there until I realized that the light was emerging from George Oliver’s office that had its door slightly open. Voices soon confirmed my feelings as I heard his loud voice coming from down the hallway. I slowly approached towards the door – even if I knew that prying on others was wrong. Though, I wasn’t being nosy at all; I knew that something was going on and that I was entitled to an explanation. 
I made it to the door and I leaned my back to the wall; wanting to hear what was being said. At first, I only heard mutters but when I focused well enough; I was able to hear everything, and see it too. “Let’s have a toast” Oliver said, opening a bottle of champaign. What? Why are they having a toast; on what occasion? This was weird; one room gathered the DA, the chief of police and the suspect’s representing agency’s CEO, George Oliver. Three completely different people were toasting over something. I would understand that each would celebrate on his own after the case; but why together? 
 After pouring champaign in their glasses, Oliver continued: “To a successful operation.” His bit-after-bit speech had me shaking. What operation was he talking about? This was awfully confusing. They were all gathered here to celebrate over a successful operation. What kind of operation could possible gather these three? I thought well about it and I reckoned that serving justice was the only successful operation that would involve all parties. Though, they couldn’t be feting over successfully serving justice; for the trial had not begun yet and it was still quite early to open a bottle of champaign in this case. 
He added: “Can we now all go on with our ordinary lives? This agency is meant to serve justice – not whatever we just did.” Then, he laughed, diabolically. How could this case have possible disrupted George Oliver’s life? He barely cared about the case; he wasn’t even involved. More importantly, what did he mean when he said that the agency is meant to serve justice as opposed to the act that they have all committed? Why would the agency not serve justice and how did all three betray this role? There was this “we” that he had uttered that scared me most. As if he had said it before – that they were all accomplices of something that they have done. 
I was drowning in confusion until the last utterances that I remember having heard answered all my questions. It came from Stanley. “Well,” he said, cruelly. “On behalf of the police, I want to thank you for having helped us cover this big mess that we have slipped into – soon Alexei will be in jail and we will be in the clear.” 
Listening to that last sentence left me petrified; speechless over something huge that I had just heard. I couldn’t say a single word and my mind stopped functioning. I made a few steps back, emotionlessly, and as I reached out to the exit, I found my cellphone next to my resignation letter that remained unopened. I grabbed them and I then disappeared into the storm.
Epiphanies; they can leave you terrified over something that you haven’t been aware of. They alarm you of what you have been ignorant of and they prompt you to have a look back at the things that you might have missed; at the hints that might have slipped. An epiphany can sometimes reveal a truth that you have been so desperately yearning and that has remained hidden until it was time for it to be exposed. This realization not only leaves you in painful hindsight but it also prompts you to take action. When it is revealed, it makes you react immediately to it and it asks you to take a stand. You could acknowledge what you have just seen or heard and decide not to react upon it, or you could make a decision to change the situation. This decision not only derives from astonishment, fear and recklessness but it also originates from a certain feeling that you thought you had lost. Hope, you would think that you have lost it. Well, know this well, hope will always reside in the deepest part of your heart and if you think you’ve lost it, it only means that it has become weak – but it’s still there. This hope isn’t bound to remain in its fragile state, for once you have realized that you had lost it and when you have taken a decision to find it; the flame ignites all by itself. 
November 8 
Decisions; they are conclusions or resolutions that are reached after careful consideration. Life is a decision-making process; even the simplest thing we do derives from a decision we have taken. I’ve always said to myself that we make a lot of decisions – but it is when we realize that we’re making one that it becomes important. Some decisions are reached after deliberating over them long enough and other decisions can be taken a bit recklessly in order to immediately solve a problem. These decisions are the most prone to end up as bad ones; for a decision needs to be thought over countless times before exercising it. That is why a decision that has been carefully considered is recommended; especially when you are addressing a big issue. If you make a big decision – that would change the course of your own life – then it is advisable to think twice before taking it. Now, the effectiveness of such carefully considered decision is higher than the reckless one; but there is one common ground for both decisions. Any resolution you make, every single decision you take, has consequences. 
Yesterday, I discovered the truth – or rather a secret that had been taken to the grave. After eavesdropping on George Oliver’s conversation with Stanley and Aaron; it has been revealed that the police have conspired against Alexei and his brother; framed them and gave them the blame for the CRF bombing. Judging from Stanley’s statement; the police must have messed up a few things which led to the unplanned explosion. Then, they needed someone to be held responsible for the deadly incident – and two foreigners were exactly the right targets. They had faked the compelling evidence that enabled them to arrest them and since then; they must have faked all the other evidence against Alexei. 
 Dan Stanley is the chief of police and he is undoubtedly the head of the snake. It was pretty obvious: the crook smile that he first gave me upon meeting him, that brutal intimidation that he tried to impose on me and most of all, this craving desire to finish up this case and find Alexei guilty, were all clues that I had missed. I was certain of his malevolence when he confronted me the other day, or when he unmorally deprived Alexei from his Miranda Rights. You know, I don’t think Stanley was personally behind the mess-up, but I am almost assure that his strong-mindedness and authority are enough to mirror the possibility that he is the kind of person who would take on the driver’s seat to help out those responsible – even if he knew that what he was doing was wrong. This power that he held was overwhelming and well, it almost succeeded on hiding the truth – forever. 
Mr. Oliver is nothing more than an accessory for the crime. On my first day at work, after the two policemen had left his office, he asked me to come on in, very nervously. His uneasiness was evident and it opposed to the idea that I had of him when he first conducted my interview. He was comfortable and easy-going then, but when he gave me the case, it showed that he was up to no good. Now I understand why I was given this big case on my very first day at work. It was no test or luck – but simply an attempt to take advantage of “the new kid on the block.” He must have thought that I wouldn’t be up to it, that I would never be able to figure this out. 
Aaron was simply a victim. Although I reprove him for having known this horrible conspiracy, I won’t give him the blame. I had a feeling that he was involved in something bad the moment he saw Dan Stanley back at Ms. Clark’s office. Not only did he transpire a sign of familiarity but he also betrayed an emotion that would solve the puzzle; fear. Aaron was scared of Dan Stanley; who must have threatened him one way or another. He must have instructed him to be as intimidating as he is and ordered him to be mean to me and to play the role of the bad guy in the courtroom. Though Stanley’s attempt to hypnosis failed miserably; for Aaron’s genuine personality was soon sprouting when we developed a solid friendship. 
Those were the three men involved in this horrid complot; I’m not sure whether the investigator was also one of them. They all tried to cover the truth from the world by using Alexei and Isaak as a bait. This was quite a striking reality to know though for some people, a bit of it was quite known. All those who have supported Alexei from the beginning were not at fault; they and I had this twinkling feeling in our hearts that denied the possibility that Alexei could have done it.
Oh Alexei, how you are unfortunate. It really is quite mystifying; to think that someone so innocent, who had been living a normal life, would soon embark on a nightmare that was never to end. This fate that those two brothers were given quite reflected sheer unfairness. Why were they bound to suffer such a destiny? You know, I think it’s good that Alexei suffers from amnesia. What would have been his feelings if he knew deep inside that he hadn’t done it? It would probably have been very hard – and the sad truth is that a suspect’s memories are never counted as evidence. And I also wonder how he feels now, to wake up unaware of what might have happened – whether he had done it or not. 
Isaak’s family should be worried sick now; wondering whether an evil intention had crossed his mind. Here, the suspect was dead and this would leave Linda and Stacey bewildered by what could have happened. Why was this family reserved such a dark path? Ordinary death is comprehensible, but being the victim of a big conspiracy is not. These mystifying questions were overwhelming me. The question of who falls and who doesn’t was already pushing me to question my faith. Who falls and who doesn’t; were they simply randomly picked characters in an ever-ending game?
Now, a lot of different matters were turning in my head; but the foremost issue that I had to address was about how I am going to handle this case from now on. Should I tell someone about my discovery? I could tell Ms. Clark but what would she be able to do? I could run to the police; oh right, the culprits were the police. And what would be the implications should I reveal this dark secret? According to the letter, this step was not advisable. The letter clearly states that I was messing with the wrong kind of people; ones that are powerful, and evil. It says that these people would eliminate anyone that might stand in their way. The letter advises me to remain careful and alarmed at all times. In a way, it was telling me to stay quiet. 
They say the hardest thing in the world is to keep a big secret to yourself. We are always recommended to confide in our friends when we’re dealing with a huge problem. This would result in so many benefits that can help you; letting out all your feelings, taking advice and tips and most of all, avoiding feeling alone in this big world. The feeling of solitude can be sometimes dreadful; especially when you’re carrying a secret that I now carry. What could I do? Confide to my friends – there are none. Tell my family, Ms. Clark – that was too much of a risk. So, what were my options then? Well, as the letter mentioned, I had to stay quiet – and that weight is a risk I am willing to take. 
Now the real question here was simple; what was I supposed to do? Obviously, I will not let them successfully frame Alexei; and retrieving my resignation letter yesterday was a prompt decision that I felt compelled to take. I won’t resign and therefore I will remain Alexei’s lawyer. So, what could have possibly changed from now on? Well, since day one, I have received false information by the police and I have been waiting for at least a single proof that would vindicate my client. This piece of information never showed up and it never will – at least it isn’t going to be handed to me by Stanley. So, do I keep on waiting, or is it time to act? 
The police have been issuing false information that included false witness accounts, fake substance and a made-up video. These all appear as compelling evidence and sadly in a court of law, you cannot deny evidence that has been provided by the police. Nevertheless, you might not be able to deny them; but you can find a way to refute them. You see, for any crime in the world, people might come up with false information and interpretations – but they can never hide the truthful evidence that is yet to be discovered. There is compelling evidence out there that Alexei didn’t do it and I think it is finally time to dig up the dirt.
Decisions; they’re only reached when you’re determined, confident and willing to see it through. It takes a lot of courage to take some decisions and it is inevitable that there are consequences to it. A wise man once said: “'I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it” I have to follow such example. Evidently, knowing what was going on is in itself a source of fear. Conspiracies are hard to handle when they’re no longer theories. Though, fearing the consequences is not the answer; vanquishing them is. I don’t know if I’m up to it but I think I’m about to make a decision – one that would change my life. At this stage, I’m no longer needed as a lawyer but truthfully, as an investigator. I was looking at a long path that is yet to be crossed and the consequences of the decision that I am about to make were simply obstacles that will stand in my way. What’s my resolution? Well, my resolution no longer revolves around courtrooms or juries but it now implicates so many aspects that I’m not really fit to face. I was about to embark on a long journey full of surprises and what I do know is that I held no regret – despite the danger that clearly lies ahead. 
November 10 
Witnesses; they’re the people who have seen the occurrence of a certain event and whose account is taken into great consideration. Usually, these eye-witnesses are coincidentally wandering by at the exact place of the crime, at the exact moment. Sometimes, what they might have witnessed can be so dreadful that it would leave them just about tight-lipped; unable to communicate to others about the event that took place. There also comes a time when they witness such a terrible occurrence that it immediately leaves in them a certain feeling; the urge to tell the truth. Though, some eye-witness accounts do reveal the truth; but what about the others? What about the accounts that are merely an attempt for deception, a ruse to obstruct justice and its fundamentals? These fake accounts of the truth aren’t always grounded on dishonesty and deceit; for they might be derived by much greater causes; like evil or even, fear. There are bad people out there and their wickedness can sometimes lead them to conceal or misrepresent the truth in order to achieve their own selfish desires. There are also weak people who have no intention to lie – but the boiling fear in them drives them into the wrongdoing. Now there are so many interpretations for eye-witness accounts and their variety leaves us in a complete dilemma; unable to recognize the right one from the bad one. 
There are several eye-witness accounts that lay on the table at the moment. These witnesses though are policemen who are without any doubt implicated in this affair. Their speech cannot be used as a reference but I should bear in mind that in court, the jury will not doubt the credibility of their investigation. That is why I need evidence that proves the contrary – without betraying the value of the institution that the police holds. If I suggest that the police are issuing false claims, I will be in trouble. Therefore, I should play fire with fire; refuting their argument with one of my own. Thus, I will need eye-witness accounts that prove the contrary of those in the hand of the DA. Now, the real matter in here is whether I am able to find these truthful accounts. Who would be courageous enough to step forth and testify for Alexei Dmitriyev? 
 Today, I have begun my quest in seek of the truth. I thought that it would be best if I looked into the evidence that laid on the table and start by refuting one of them.
Dept. of Police reports: Alexei Dmitriyev runs over brother, Isaak, after hijacking a police car in order to flee from the gunfight that had been going on with the police in Uptown Charlotte. 
The preceding claim is the first evidence report that I had been handed. It states that Alexei ran over his own brother after he had hijacked a police car. This report is grounded on eye-witness accounts issued by the headquarters of the police. Policemen have given their testimony that they had seen Alexei running over his own flesh and blood. This evidence will be strongly used by the DA and I have to find a way to argue against it. My only argument had to be another eye-witness account that would fire back. If there are two different stories upon this single theory; the Federal Magistrate will immediately play down the argument as it becomes doubtful and invalid. That is why I desperately needed this piece of information and today was all about going out to find it. 
So, there was a gunfight that instigated just before dawn where Alexei and Isaak had allegedly exchanged fire with the authority. This occurrence happened in Uptown Charlotte; the central area of this city. It is no less than a business district than a touristic one: the headquarters for the Fortune 500 companies Bank of America and Duke Energy are located there and there are also an abundant number of pubs, restaurants and luxurious hotels like The Ritz, Hilton and Hyatt House. Thus, whether it’s at the early hours of dawn or at rush-hour, the streets remain packed with people – who might have been there at the time of the shootout. After thinking over it in my head, I decided this morning that I will take on the streets of Uptown Charlotte to find that sought-after eye-witness account. 
Now when I entered my vehicle to make it to the downtown, it occurred to me something that I had forgotten. I forgot that I am Rosamund O’ Hara; the most despised person in this city. Who would cooperate with me? If I approach a witness; they will surely have a preconceived idea about me that will keep them quiet. From now on, I could no longer go out as the lawyer, Alexei Dmitriyev’s lawyer. I have become an investigator and to play my role well; I had to turn into an incognito silhouette, under camouflage.Yes, it was time for a makeover. 
I headed to a distant hairdresser that was located in the outskirts of the city. It was no chic place to be in, but I suspected that I would be unknown there. The stylist inquired about my prospective looks and I answered her quietly: “Do as you please.” 
 Then, I underwent a complete transformation; leaving my entire body at the disposal of the stylists – and I insist with the plural form of the word. Hairdressers, manicurists, skin specialists and makeup artists were all gathered around me: experimenting their latest makeover solutions on me. They consulted each other, argued among each other as each one of them had a different projected image of me. The professionals didn’t limit themselves to beauty refinements – some of the staff even went out and bought me new stylish clothes. They were all so excited; wanting to turn that innocent and old-fashioned blonde old lady into a young and sassy woman. After hours of tests and experimentations; a flashy, trendy and vibrant brunette with a smug look on her face got out of the store; wearing colossal high-heels and having to long fake-eyelashes and too much makeup on. She was the new me; a woman who doesn’t take no for an answer and who seems to be looking for trouble. 
I soon made my way downtown: the night had fallen leaving the city in peaceful and serene silence. People had come back home after a long day and they were all resting comfortably in their houses. It’s especially during that time of the day – at dusk – that the city begins yawning as if it was about to plunge into deep slumber like the rest of the people. Most of Charlotte’s streets are empty at this particular time; though there is one place in this city that remains vibrant and lively throughout the evening: Uptown Charlotte. This area of the city does not sleep because if you’re probably seeing it at a late time of the day; it means that you’re wide awake – and so are everyone you will come across there. 
Upon beginning my quest for an eye-witness account, I had to come up with a plan first. Who should I ask, and how can I approach them? There were so many people there and I wondered who might have been at the time of the incident. I could have gone knocking on hotel doors; but I doubt that the same clientele that visited two months ago would still be there. Thus, I needed people who are always around the area – day or night. The shootout was right before dawn so I should be inquiring men or women who have early-shifts; being the first people to work at this early time of the day. Restaurants open late so I decided to ask around in nearby hotels. 
It didn’t go too well though; after a full hour of asking receptionists and bell boys, I remained clueless. Some receptionists were keen to help me and they even asked each other to find out who was there at the time. Others weren’t that friendly; asking the guards to graciously accompany me to the exit. I don’t know if my way of approaching them was correct. I tried not to sound suspicious; giving hints implicitly in order to receive information. I didn’t refer to the incident itself – the shootout – for I suspected that mentioning anything that has to do with the Dmitriyev case will trigger fear in the people that I ask and they will feel uncomfortable answering. They might even get angry – then refusing to cooperate with me. I was no good communicator either – avoiding eye contact with them. 
In a matter of time, I walked down the sidewalk and sat on the ground; in despair. I thought that my day would be a little bit more glorious than this. With the new look and all – I imagined that by that time I would be on the brink of solving this case. I remained seated on the sidewalk; my high-heels hurt my feet and my fake eyelashes were too heavy. I remained there; exhaling, until I noticed something that would lighten up my day. An old woman was standing on the other side of the road. She seemed familiar to me and I soon remembered who she was. “Mrs. Jones” I murmured. Her name vibrated in my heart for I tried to remember why this lady seemed so significant to me. Then it hit me; Mrs. Jones didn’t live far away from this area and I remember that she had an ill son living a few blocks away. She visits him every day – from dawn till dusk. I stood up abruptly and I rushed to her. Though, I realized that I was in costume and that I had to play my role. I approached her calmly. 
“Hello,” I said. “Can you help me?” I was trying to speak with a heavy American accent as I hid my strong and easily-recognizable Irish one. The lady turned to me; astonished by my abrupt inquiry. I was relieved though – not a single sign of familiarity showed in her eyes. She nodded. “I’m looking for an apartment to rent in this area,” I improvised. “I wanted to make sure that I’d be living in a quiet place, you’re a local right?” 
“Quiet in here?” she fired back promptly. “This aint suburbia my dear!” 
I realized the idiocy behind my question. You want the downtown to be quiet eh? Think Rosamund, think. I remained blank for a while, thinking of a way to respond. “No dear,” I soon said. “I work here ya know, I can’t live in suburbia, ya know.” What I had just said did not make sense. I was actually quite focused on the way I spoke rather than on the content. I supposed saying ya know would be enough for an American accent. The lady had rolling eyes – I was beginning to sound suspicious. I was under pressure and I didn’t know how I was going to extract information from this lady who kept on staring at me, awaiting a clear response. When I had come up with what I was about to say, I took a step forth; approaching the lady quite intimately. “You see,” I whispered to her. “I heard of this shooting that occurred here not long ago and I’m afraid that this might be the wrong area to live in, ya know, with the baby.”I then laid my hand on my belly to make her believe that I was pregnant. I wonder if she had fallen for it. 
The lady finally showed signs of comprehension. “Oh,” she began. “You must be talking about the shootout between the police and the Dmitriyev brothers. That’s a nasty affair, but it shouldn’t happen again ah –”
Then, the old woman plunged into total silence. She stopped talking and she lowered her head – as if she was ashamed of something. Her eyes intertwined with mine and I spotted an odd feeling in them. There was this emotion that transpired; this lady was afraid. I soon realized what was going on. She must have seen something that day – and its reminiscence clearly saddened her. “Are you alright?” I asked. The woman was petrified – reactionless. Though, as she regained consciousness upon nodding her, I felt that she was about to say something. The regret in her eyes confirmed my feeling – she was about to confess.Then, she spoke, she spoke the whole truth. She wasn’t addressing her speech to me; for her eyes were looking away. She was addressing her guilty conscience. “It was right before dawn,” she began. “There were screams and shouts. Police cars were everywhere; their sounds, their lights. Some blocked the road while others chased two young men. The police were chasing them so relentlessly; opening fire at them. The two young men were agile enough to avoid the bullets but they couldn’t have done anything, they were armless, vulnerable. They were screaming, begging for mercy, ‘it wasn’t us, it wasn’t us.’ They were running for their lives; the little one was able to escape but the other –”
She stopped again. Her petrified air reappeared and her eyes remained, distant. I approached her, “but the other” I said. I nodded her persistently, “but the other” I repeated.
“But the other,” she muttered. “He stopped running and surrendered to the authorities. He then, oh Lord, he then – got ran over by a policeman.”
Witnesses; they’re the ones who can reveal the shocking, sad truth. Their revelation might astonish you but normally it should also relieve you. Why would their speech sadden you? If you’ve been longing for the truth to come out; why would you be sad when it does? Shouldn’t it answer all your questions, or does it add some more? Eye witness accounts can be beneficial especially when they’re revealed with all sincerity – because a confession is usually a step forth, towards justice. This lady that I have interrogated, she had a confession to make. She had seen something that must have been haunting her ever since the shootout. The regret in her eyes confirmed the credibility of her speech and this means that I have gained a positive eye-witness account that I can use in my advantage. Yet, why haven’t I felt a bit of relief when she had uttered that last sentence? Why did her revelation leave me in fear, vulnerable, under the grip of a great pressure? Her confession meant two things: the police were lying: there was never an exchange of fire – it was more of a hunt; because the brothers were armless. Then, that last utterance revealed a shocking truth that I had never thought of. The police murdered Isaak. They killed him and I can prove that they did, so why am I not rejoicing over my latest discovery? Well, such revelation needs no celebration because when you discover the capabilities of your own enemies, it will leave you completely, terrorized. 
November 13 
Impersonation; it’s the act of pretending to be another person. It could be done for entertaining reasons; but sometimes people impersonate someone and their only intention is to inflict harm on that person. Once you impersonate someone and succeed in making others believe your little lie, you will feel powerful. Powerful for two reasons; first of all, you will be able to carry out all your desired speech and actions without thinking of their consequences – because your identity remains unknown and no one can give you the blame. More importantly though, you will feel powerful simply because your actions become limitless and the person you are impersonating becomes a mere marionette, whose downfall is determined by your own grip. This is why impersonating a person can be dangerous – especially when you’re up to no good. Now, to what extent can it be dangerous? Well, those who impersonate people should know that their acts can put the other person in grave danger – something I think they already know. 
Today I continued my pursuit of justice. I wasn’t about to stop now – especially after my latest discovery. I’m still shocked by the lady’s revelation and it has been on the back of my mind all morning. I tried to figure it out a bit. So, the police issued a warrant to arrest the two brothers after faking the required amount of evidence. They went on chasing them and I reckon that Isaak and Alexei wanted to cooperate with the police but when they started firing at them; it forced them to run away. The chase did not last too long as Isaak stopped running, capitulating to the authorities. Alexei was able to flee, while Isaak was run over by a policeman.
First of all, firing at suspects when they’re armless is against the law and I find it dreadful. Isaak and Alexei must have wanted to comply with the authorities, but the police left them no choice but to run away in an unfair chase; like vulnerable dears in a hunting game. Even if the brothers had refused to obey to the arrest; it does not give policemen the right to shoot at them, not when they’re armless. It is totally reprehensible to want to inflict damage on a person who can’t do the same to you – or who never intends to. I wonder what did Alexei and Isaak feel in this situation. I wonder how any person would have felt: to be arrested while you hadn’t done a thing; to be open fired at so deliberately, having done nothing wrong or taunting. 
Then I thought of the way Isaak was killed. I can imagine it in my head: Isaak stopping, breathless, wanting to surrender, and then left cruelly petrified by the insensitive lights of a cruel car. How can they be so brutal? If you want to open fire at them, slow them down, fine, but kill them? I never thought anyone would go to that extent. This was murder, cold-blooded murder, and evidently, it had an agenda. The police must have wanted both Isaak and Alexei dead. They didn’t want any court to interfere with their dirty-laundry; the only way was to kill them, eliminate them. They succeeded in killing Isaak, and I bet that if they had the chance, they would have done the same to Alexei. 
Now, what saddened me the most is probably when I had come up with this theory that is beyond a doubt, true. When Isaak stopped running, was it really to comply with the authorities? Hadn’t they tried that before, in vain? There’s a reason why Isaak stopped running and it is the same reason why Isaak is dead and Alexei is still alive. I remembered this fond love Alexei had for his brother, seeing him cry after him, recalling him standing by him, and it was no one-end love; for I remembered Isaak’s timidity and the photos that he had of him in his own home. Alexei looked up to his brother, who always wanted to be the prime example. He never failed him – not even at the most critical of times. There’s a reason why Isaak stopped running and it was simply his loyalty to his family, to his brother. Alexei might have comforted Isaak at home, bringing him out of his inhibitions, but the latter merits gratitude; for he hadn’t only protected him, but he also saved him – at the expense of his own life. 
The old lady’s revelation was turning in the back of my mind all morning. That didn’t bother me though, because every time I remember it, I feel powerful, and my determination to seek justice and avenge Isaak becomes even stronger. Every time I recall what the police have done, I feel this urge to hit back – and there’s no better response than true justice. That’s why I’m continuing my quest and today I had to build on yesterday’s discovery. Yesterday, I found a way to refute the police’s first evidence report that suggested that Alexei had run over his own brother. That report was now put to waste – invalid due to a contradicting eye-witness account. Now, as they say, onto the next one. The second report that they have issued stated the following: 
Social Media – Alexei Dmitriyev mentions the bomb prior to the explosion.
Now that was a ridiculous report. I still can’t believe that they consider this as worthy evidence. Yet, I have to accept it and that is why I needed to find a way to refute it. I could have played it down easily, suggesting the possibility that his tweets might have been tweeted by someone else – those who have an interest in doing so. Though, I didn’t want to keep this evidence pending – leaving it up to the jury to decide upon it. No, I wanted to destroy it – asserting that it wasn’t him. If I’m able to prove that someone else is behind these threatening tweets, I would be then expanding the equation; confirming that there are more people involved in this. This assertion would send the case into another investigation to find out who it might be. The police wouldn’t disclose it, but at least, I would have influenced the jurers enough; opening their minds to what is happening around them. 
I left the house in the afternoon as I sought for a way to contradict the evidence that laid on the table. Since the police wants to dig up the dirt in Alexei’s social life, I shall as well. I remembered that Alexei’s friends had visited me some weeks ago and I reckoned that they would be able to help. I hadn’t got hold of any of their phone numbers but I knew the college to which Alexei commuted and I assumed that they all went to one college. It was the best in the area: the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. It was not far from where I live and the traffic was choking outside so I decided to walk to the destination. Thank God it didn’t rain. 
The streets were packed with people; they were all either coming back home from work or heading to Uptown Charlotte; I think that there was a festival going on there. I walked past them and I felt an odd feeling – something I haven’t felt for a long time and which I longed to. I’ve missed those nice smiles, these innocent eyes. For the first time, I didn’t feel alienated. No one stared at me; people didn’t whisper behind my back. I was under disguise; they didn’t know who I was, what I do. The people around me only saw my face and they could only judge my looks; for they were completely oblivious of my identity. I saw their smiles; ones that transmit only happiness to see me. They didn’t know me; but my appearance appealed them and that let them to judge me positively. If I looked differently; they might have seen me in another way. And that’s how society works: when you’re a stranger, people will judge your personality by the way you look and most of the times it is positive. But when they know a tiny bit about you; then they will judge you ruthlessly – even if what they know isn’t compelling enough to be grounded on. That’s why I’ve never considered becoming famous or being known by society – because I would instantly be judged by people. I now realize why I’ve once considered resigning – to let society forget me. It can be really wonderful; to walk past people you don’t know – and who don’t know you. 
I soon made it to the university’s main gate and I thought of my next move. Though, I didn’t need to think for too long; for I immediately spotted a friend of Alexei’s – the boy who was about to get hit by Stanley. I rushed to him as he exited the university. At first, he didn’t recognize me. God those stylists had done a good job. “I’m Rosamund O’ Hara” I whispered to his ear. The boy was stunned by my revelation but he soon regained his normal face to avoid attracting attention. I told him that I needed to see him and the others and after having made a few phone calls; soon we were all in a nearby café. 
After explaining them the reason behind my makeover, I soon raised up the issue that mattered me. I said: “There’s this police report that quotes a few tweets allegedly made by Alexei that announced the bombing ahead of time. So I was wondering if –”
“Do you have the file on you?” a girl interrupted. 
I was happy that they were cooperating well. They were interested in what I was telling them; they even looked concerned. I’m glad that Alexei still has these teenagers as his friends – that they hadn’t given up on him. They were brave. 
I took the report from my bag and I handed it to the young lady. The teenagers all gathered around her; examining the report closely. Some of them were really terrified – the layout and the content of the file can be quite daunting. The assertions are even more intimidating. Though, their astonishment soon faded and they began whispering to each other. They had frowning eyes; disturbed by what they had just read. I was intrigued by their odd reaction. “What is it?” I asked curiously. The teenagers looked at me with terrifying eyes. “There’s something wrong,” one of them said. “Alexei can’t be the person who tweeted these messages.” 
I was relieved by that last statement. I don’t know; I felt this strength in my heart as he uttered those words. This strength was overwhelming; it told me that I was doing a great job. I was able to find the truth a few days ago about the first report and there I was today; discovering that the second report was as invalid as the first one. Though, my relief did not last too long; for I soon asked myself about the reasons behind the falsehood of this report. Why were they terrified? Was it just because they knew that it couldn’t have been Alexei behind these tweets, or had they discover a slightly darker revelation? I was bewildered by the terror in their eyes and so I asked them innocently: “Why?” 
The teenagers were speechless; unable to communicate with me. They wanted to tell me – but they just couldn’t. As I kept staring at them for a little while, waiting for an answer, the girl finally said: “Because this isn’t Alexei’s twitter account.”
Her revelation left me in great shock and terror. What, it can’t be. How isn’t it his account? I remember having checked the profile; it did match his. Alexei’s friends saw the shock in my eyes and the confusion in them. One of them soon added: “There are two I’s in this username, which isn’t the case in his own. All his old tweets are here, with the exception of those last five messages, the threats.” 
My shock was at its peak; and I still hadn’t understood what the teenagers were implying by their speech. “What are you suggesting then?” I said coldly. The teenagers looked at me with fearful eyes. At once, they all said: “Alexei has been impersonated” 
Impersonation; it’s the cruel act of framing someone over things that they haven’t done. This act isn’t dangerous for the reason that the identity of the person is unknown – but simply because it has much graver implications on the person who is being framed. That person becomes truly bewildered by what hit them and they will then try to fix the situation by explaining to everybody that it weren’t them. But the sad truth is that they’ll never be vindicated for there are some people that might not be there when they’re justifying themselves – or that might not believe what they say. Justifying one’s self can be hard and sometimes we decide to let people think what they want. Though, what if their judgments become so overwhelming? What if they go tell even more people? Being alienated is something I know well, but with Alexei, this doesn’t only apply to these tweets. Alexei Dmitriyev is innocent but there are bad people who have framed him over something he hasn’t done – and now he is bound to suffer the consequences of their selfish acts. What bothers me the most isn’t just that Alexei is the victim of cruel impersonation – but that the people impersonating him have been planning this for a long time and they clearly won’t let anyone to stand in their way. 
November 16 
Love; it’s a strong feeling of affection that we feel towards someone. It is such a broad notion, love. It is found almost everywhere: at the helm of a caring family, in the eyes of an ideal couple, and even in the smiles of the strangers we come across every day. Love brings so much to this world for it unites people together and it pushes away all the malevolent feelings that might generate in us. If you love someone; it means that you care about them and that you need them by your side, to be part of your life. Do you know what’s the opposite of love? Some of you must have thought of hatred, but the truth is that the opposite of love isn’t hate – but indifference. When you hate someone, it means that you still care about that person and that your feelings might change one day – because you will know that there’s a thin line between love and hate. Indifference, however, is truly the most dreadful feeling as it leaves a form of apathy in you and you become indifferent of a person; insensible of how they feel, uninterested in their sheer existence. Unlike hatred, indifference cannot be overcome – because the person has no intention in changing. That is why love can be so magical; it makes us more sympathetic and therefore happier. Now does love have an impact on society? Well, one day, you’ll find out that love is not only a source of happiness inside a person, but that it’s also a form of power among people and it has only one goal – fighting evil. 
I stayed all morning in the office thinking about my latest discoveries. I have found two ways to refute the first two arguments that the DA will carry out. The eye-witness account of the lady is credible enough to put an end to the beliefs that Alexei had ran over his own brother – which was considered quite an argument for it revealed recklessness and distress in Alexei’s actions that hinted at his guiltiness. The second report never worried me for I had many ways to fire back at it, but finding out that Alexei had been impersonated is in my advantage for it casts doubts in the courtroom and it expands the suspect’s lists. I was happy that my investigation was going quite well and I decided that I’d relax today and carry on my quest at a later time. 
When I left my bureau to ask Mr. Oliver a few questions about court procedures, I heard a familiar voice coming from his office. It was a familiar tone; a strong one, an irritated one. It was Stanley’s. I wondered why he had come; it was the first time I see him since the discovery. I don’t think that I can look him in the eye again; he was a true villain. I’ve even stopped talking to George Oliver; disappointed about his shameful act. Both of them were bad people who were doing bad things. I approached his office as I heard them talking in secrecy. Stanley was annoyed and his voice was loud, while Oliver was stressed out, intimidated by this big imposing character. “She’s been asking around” said Stanley. She, I wondered whom was he talking about. It had to be me; why would he be in my workplace then? Stanley was talking about me and that alone was a source of trouble. What did he mean when he said that I’ve been asking around? Who am I asking anyway? My confusion soon turned into fear as I thought of a possible theory. Could he have known about my little investigation? My curiousness turned into fear; wanting to know whether my theory was correct. I focused on my auditory abilities and Stanley’s voice soon confirmed my fear. “My boys are telling me that her movements have become more frequent,” he said. “It seems that she has been digging up the dirt herself.” 
Oh my, how could he have known? How did he know that I have been asking around; who informed him? Was I being spied on? It can’t be, would they go to that extent? Well, the police have done much worse and as I’ve repetitively said, they will not let anyone ruin their plans. That is why Stanley was fuming; he didn’t like what I was doing and I wondered whether he would take action to stop me. Though, it seemed that he wouldn’t for the time being, leaving it up to George. Oliver. “Take care of it” he told him. 
When I wanted to hear Oliver’s response, I was interrupted by the voice of a man who saw me eavesdropping on them. “Eavesdropping ey?” he said. The voice wasn’t familiar, but the accent was. He was an Aussie, and I knew only one Australian fella in this city; the investigator. It was really the first time that he addresses to me. I turned around and pretended that I was about to knock the door. “I just wanted to check on George,” I said, calmly. He didn’t fell for it though; he knew very well what I was doing. 
John Faulkner was an odd fella. I hadn’t talked to him before that moment, nor had he. I didn’t think that he was shy, but he’s been certainly avoiding me since day one. He has been kind of secretive; he never lets me know what he is thinking about. I wasn’t sure if he was involved in this whole affair and that is why at that moment, since he began the conversation, I decided that I should get closer to him in order to unmask him. Anyway, his eyes showed that he felt like socializing with me; why would he talk to me in the first place? 
So, I approached him. “You’re the investigator right?” I said as I drew near him. He nodded to me, surprised by my question. It was true that he was shocked, but I could see it in his eyes; he enjoyed every single utterance that came out of my mouth – which he fixated closely. I then went on and walked around him; looking at him, expecting something from him. He was shaking, speechless. Was I too tempting Mr. Faulkner? Though he soon broke the silence that separated us, he said: “I like the new look by the way.” Oh John how you must have been suffering. I could feel it; he was doing such an effort to speak to me, to look me in the eye. I kept on staring at him; putting him in even greater pressure. “Thanks” I said, innocently. The man was clearly stressed out and I bet that he would have fled from this situation if he had the opportunity – but he wanted to tell me something, I sensed it the moment he spoke to me. 
“Rosamund,” he then said. “I was wondering whether –” He couldn’t continue; it was evident that he was not the type of guy to say this. He didn’t do this much often; he didn’t know how. Although his incomplete sentence was the last thing he uttered to me this morning, I knew very well what he wanted to say – and it wasn’t the last thing he will have said today. It was crystal clear to me: John Faulkner wanted to ask me out. I wondered why he has decided to speak to me after so long; but that wasn’t important because getting closer to him was in my interest. I wanted to know if he was involved and I wasn’t going to put his sudden desires to waste. As he struggled to say the word; I made it a bit easier for him. “9 at Bentley's on 27,” I said, as I walked away. 
I had just fixed a date with a man. Oh God what had I done. The last time I had gone out with a guy was maybe two years ago – and it was with the gardener. Good young fella he was, energetic. Though it seemed like I was about to take on the market once more. Solitude was never a problem for me and I have adapted to it well since my divorce a few years ago. Now that was a failed marriage; the worst three years of my life. Since then, I have never been able to trust someone. You know, marriage is perhaps the hardest bond that can ever be made. You see, blood may be thicker than water, but you can always separate yourself from your family. If you’re a teenager who wants to break that dependency that you have with your parents, you can and this won’t affect your relationship with them because growing up is part of the cycle of life. But in marriage, you cannot distance yourself from your spouse, take a break, be alone. When you’re married to someone, it means that you vowed to remain loyal to that person – for the rest of your life.I still can’t find that possible. I mean, even if you love that person, how can you handle their heavy baggage, every single day? That’s why marriage is hard; you shouldn’t only trust the person upon commitment, but you must also trust yourself. If you want to marry someone, you should trust yourself that this man or woman down the aisle is really the person with whom you want to spend the rest of your life; because if you don’t, then you might regret it for the rest of your life – or that this person could end up being the one that got away. Marriage is really important and it’s no easy decision to make, but I don’t know, maybe when you do, it could make your life magical. At least, that is what I still believe. Will John Faulkner prove me wrong? Well I shouldn’t jump into conclusions just now, for I should remember that my prime goal behind that date is to know more about the investigator in this case, and whether he really had something to do with it.
The night was about to descend upon Charlotte and I soon got ready for the evening. My closet was a bit rusty but I had a few nice things to wear after my makeover. God, they got me a whole wardrobe, those stylists. Well, that’s what they do best right, recommend you an overwhelming amount of stuff that you might never use – and add them to your bill. I decided to live up to this evening and I wore a red skirt that imprisoned my whole body. I liked my new look as well; I never thought that being a brunette would look good on me. Well, the investigator disguise was about to come in handy – on another investigator. 
At around a quarter to nine, I entered my car and drove to the destination that I had picked. It was a nice restaurant, Bentley’s on 27; romantic and it had a beautiful view of the city. My last husband took me there on our very first date and I thought that a familiar setting would keep me alert of any false emotion that could wander in my heart – I had no intention in falling in love. Plus, it was a pretty expensive place and I needed someone to spoil me for a change. The sky was splendid as I drove; there was no cloud in sight. 
Soon, the chic valet took care of my car and I went up the elevator to the 27th floor. I made it to the restaurant and I found John seated in the corner, around a lovely table. He had truly taken the best seat in the house; an intimate and cozy place, away from the loud shouts of people, at the tip of the terrace, reaching out to the sky, the beautiful sky. He got up of his chair and he welcomed me festively – as if I were some diva. We sat together, face to face, letting the sublime wind welcome us to this real enchanted palace. The moon was bright, the sky was limitless, the city seemed immense: it was the perfect place to be in. 
The place might have been alluring; but the conversation was the highlight of the evening. I really don’t remember what were the things that we talked about, the matters we tackled and the issues we solved, but I know that whatever came from that man’s mouth enchanted me. There was so much passion in the conversation, so much emotions flowing between us, separating us and reuniting us simultaneously. He was so, gentle.That wasn’t only due to his ambitious speech and passionate hobbies – it was because of his eyes. There were so many emotions in them, so many dreams and feelings. They were glowing at me; they were soft, sweet. When you usually meet someone, you need some time to break that wall of insecurity that lies between two people. But with John, it only took a heartbeat. 
In a small matter of time, I found myself reaching out to him so intimately, confiding in him so deliberately and speaking with him so, passionately. I talked about my problems; the prejudice and abusive people around me and the overwhelming pressure of the case that surmounted on me, and he talked about his own problems. I confessed what I had done wrong in my life and he understood me. I even shared my past with him and he was happy to accompany me down that dark path. As I talked about everything that bothered me, he just kept listening to me quietly. I let out all my dark energy and there he remained calmly; lighting my way back to reality. I don’t know what I most liked about him, maybe that spark in his eyes, or perhaps the enthusiastic energy he had? One thing was certain though; he is the most exhilarating man I have ever met. 
Time inevitably had to do us part, but we wanted to share one last moment together before calling it a night and I told him to come over for a cup of coffee; promising him that I did good ones. When we each drove our cars separately, the space that lied between us seemed limitless, leaving me anxious to arrive, to see his eyes again, those beautiful eyes. We soon made it to my apartment and as we stood at the door of the apartment while I sought my keys, he said: “You know, you shouldn’t let anything bother you, because remember that you’ll always find support; like in the letters.” 
Then, it hit me. What did you say? John had just revealed something that left me petrified, terrified. A lot of images ran in my head, linking what happened and what I had just come to realize. I turned around and looked at John and I said swiftly: “But John, I never told you about the letters.”
John was shocked of my remark and his innocent eyes soon let out surprise, and fear. He looked at me so innocently, stupefied over my latest discovery, regretting his last utterances. He began apologizing to me. “I can explain,” he repeated. “I can explain.” I remained blank in front of him; not listening to a word he was saying. I thought of what happened; of the letter that was no longer anonymous of identity. I thought of this letter deeply, of its powerful content, of its caring warning. I then raised my head and gained back sight. I looked at him, at his passionate eyes, as he continued justifying himself. “Hush,” I whispered, and we made out in the dark.
Love; it truly brings out the best in us. The power that it holds is immeasurable; for its every desire, its every craving, needs no word for it to be justified – it only needs that spark between the eyes. Love creates a sacred bond between two persons that unites them so divinely and leaves in them a certain promise to make the best out of one’s self. When you love someone, it means that you care about that person and that you would go beyond the limits to help them. Today I discovered that John was the person who had sent me the letter. This letter had left me in shock and in dire strait, so why wasn’t I mad? Well, this letter was the trigger of my epiphany, the warning that advised me to be careful and of which I still follow every word. John’s act was meant with all sincerity and I forgive him for having hidden it from me. Now I know that he is not one of them but that he’s actually my ally, the ally that I have longed to find. And this alliance, with the emotions that burst in between, is truly, the greatest love of all.
November 17
Hierarchies; they’re systems in which members are ranked according to relative status or authority. It can be quite frustrating to be under the constraint of a hierarchy for it creates inequality between people and this injustice has much serious implications. When you take part in a hierarchy, it means two things; you might have higher authority on someone and you’re also bound to succumb to someone else’s authority. This also means that there will be someone at the bottom of the pyramid – who is going to be mistreated for their inferior rank – and someone at the helm of it, a person who holds the higher authority and who is able to exercise it as they please. Hierarchies have been widely rejected by people but you should know that a hierarchy does not only exist at a social level. There are many hierarchies around us and the most common ones are found at workplaces or in governments. A hierarchy isn’t always a bad thing; for it assures order and stability. But sometimes, we find ourselves in a hierarchy that leaves us rebellious; wanting to abolish it. This happens when there’s an abuse of authority – especially when the higher authority is in the hands of people that are up to no good. 
Today’s morning was lovely. It’s been a long time since I’ve woken up with a man next to me. These empty sheets were right to have waited patiently because yesterday completely turned this empty house into a fervent home. There was so much passion, so many emotions just bursting and flowing in between us. I don’t remember exactly what happened but one thing is certain; John made me feel love again, he made me believe in it again, and worship it. I had spent such a wonderful night – full of fire – that I would repeat any day, every day. Recalling his soft skin, his generous lips and his warm embraces, leaves me in deep nostalgia; wanting to do it again, to feel it again. God what have you done to me John! 
We woke up at around the same hour and once we turned to each other, grasping the white bed sheets, there was this look between us, oh this magical look. When our eyes intertwined, it made me remember every beautiful detail that occurred yesterday from the moment we sat on that splendid terrace, and it comforted me with an odd sensation that I haven’t felt for a long time: that sense of security. We remained like this for an hour; exchanging warm looks and full smiles. Soon, I made us breakfast and we sat on my terrace, continuing the passionate conversation that had been left the previous day. I enjoyed his jolly smiles, his cheerful laughs and his gorgeous eyes until it was time to part ways – only for a short period of time. 
I had to commute to work although I lacked the energy to do so. I was exhausted but I thought that I should go for I received an email from George Oliver that was marked as urgent. He rarely contacts me thus it must have been something of great importance. So, I wore my clothes, grabbed my keys and left the house as it was; in total wreck. It was a rainy day and I hated going out on rainy days. Winter is a nice season as long as you’re lying on the couch at home, listening to the peaceful crashes of rain drops. Though it is completely different when you’re out of the house: everything becomes so, grim. You can’t see a thing while driving, you feel like your car is struggling to move and the streets become packed with cars and their passengers who are all late for their daily doings. You also feel that there are a lot of people around you – that they’re all concentrated in one spot, at shelter. 
I soon made it to the office and I got out my umbrella to protect my new look. God, although it was quite effective, it really annoyed me; I’m not used to wearing makeup all day.Anyway, I entered my workplace and met George Oliver in his own bureau. He was quite nervous but well, he has been this way ever since my first day at work. He asked me to have a seat; keeping hold of his serious appearance. “Rosamund,” he began. “I’ve called upon you to inform you of a decision that I have hesitantly taken and of which I’m afraid to reveal to you.”
My eyes popped out of my skull as he uttered that last sentence. The seriousness that he held was not part of a habitude but as a result of a recent decision that he has taken. What a way to say it; “called upon”, “hesitantly taken”, those were no good words to hear – especially from your employer. What might have been the decision that he had taken that might have hesitated him; and why was I concerned? I was worried, waiting impatiently for him to disclose what was on his mind. 
“Rosamund,” he said. “You have been relieved of your current duties: you are no longer in charge of the Dmitriyev case.” 
Wait, what? What did he just say? God this can’t be happening; did George Oliver just dismiss me of my role as Alexei’s lawyer? This wasn’t real; it couldn’t have happened. I am Alexei’s lawyer; they can’t stop me now, after all that I have endured and discovered. I felt so weak, vulnerable, powerless. My heart started hurting me and I immediately imagined this case being carried on without me – in which it saw Alexei’s downfall. 
Then, it hit me. I remembered something very important and which had me fuming. Yesterday, before I went out with John, I saw Oliver discussing something with Stanley. The officer was mad and he was complaining that I was fishing outside my own business. He ordered George to take action and it seemed that he has. This is how you stop me, Stanley, by turning to a higher authority? I was enraged, and without saying a single word to George Oliver, who was expecting a response, I hurried to my car and I drove away. I was heading to Ms. Clark, to tell her the truth, the whole truth. 
 I stepped on it; driving like a real madwoman. I was so angry, so furious. A lot of images were crossing my mind while I rushed into the tunnels: thoughts of failure, gloom and despair. I thought of all the consequences that this dismissal held and they all pointed at a unique result: Alexei being successfully framed. My anger though didn’t only derive from these implications; for there was this recurrent feeling in my heart that seemed familiar. It was probably the worst feeling that could ever haunt you: vulnerability. I felt weak, unable to act upon a situation that has left me in total despair. I felt vulnerable at the grip of bad people – whom I cannot harm. God, what a state to admit: feeling powerless.
Soon, I made it to Ms. Clark’s office. I hurried past the hallway until I arrived at the steps of her door. It was open and I didn’t even bother knocking on the door; barging in while screaming at her. “Jennifer! Jennifer!” I yelled. The lady was stunned by my shocking behavior, though her astonishment soon turned into curiosity; wanting to know what was going. After screaming a few words, Ms. Clark calmed me down and asked me to have a seat. I stopped yelling; though my anxiety couldn’t let me sit. I was too nervous. 
“What’s going on?” she then said. At first, I didn’t listen to what she had said. I was too busy thinking of how I was going to break the news to her; to tell her about the conspiracy that was going on. Though, when her question resonated in my head, I posed for a while, thinking of what I had just heard. There was something wrong about Ms. Clark: she seemed quite indifferent. It was as if she wasn’t sad or even mad of my dismissal. Could she have been that heartless? No, I was sure that something was wrong, which I was about to find out. 
“It’s about my dismissal,” I said. “They dismissed me!” Then, I began crying, remembering everything that crossed my mind back in the car. I couldn’t bear standing as well: I sat on the chair, bursting into tears. I had a glance at Ms. Clark’s face to check her reaction and I found that she remained indifferent – until she gave me that smile. The smile, why was she smiling? Was she happy that I have been dismissed, or was it because she pitied me? All the questions that were turning in my head were about to be answered very shortly. I stopped sobbing and I took a deep breath: waiting for Ms. Clark to speak. And then, she spoke: “There is no need for all these tears my dear Rosamund: I refused the dismissal that you’re employer tried to impose.” 
Hierarchies; they’re systems where all the power lies in one hand. They can sometimes have negative consequences; for when the power lies in the hands of people with bad intentions, every member that takes part in this hierarchy becomes vulnerable at the hands of the powerful. You’ve seen Stanley and Oliver; they had done something terrible and when I came messing with their own business, they wanted to eliminate me. George Oliver had authority on me and so he dismissed me from the case – turning all my efforts into dust. This was an unfair hierarchy that leaves its member quite powerless. Although I thought that the decision taken by Oliver was about to see the end of it, another decision turned out to be the decisive one. There was a light at the top of the hierarchy, a shining light, higher than Oliver, higher that Stanley. That light was Ms. Clark who refused the decision to terminate my duties as she felt that it would erode the principles of justice and of her own. She is the highest authority and her benevolence made the whole hierarchy a fairer one. And that is exactly what I learned today. You see, you might think that there are some unfair hierarchies out there, ruled by unfair people. Though I’ll tell you this quite frankly, in life, the crown of any hierarchy is always given to those with goodwill. 
November 24 
 Hypocrites; they’re the people who claim or pretend to have certain beliefs about what is right but who behave in a way that disagrees with those beliefs. There are so many hypocrites out there. You might come across them at your local grocery store when you bump into an old acquaintance who converses with you quite normally despite the fact that they despise you. You might find them in your own entourage; friends that give you advice, which they don’t follow themselves. You would need a whole day to name the different types of hypocrites that exist though the most common forms of hypocrisy aren’t counted as dangerous; for they’re simply normal vices in the society that we live in. Nevertheless, you should know that there are a few hypocrites out there that are actually able to hurt you and they’re usually the people who don’t betray a pretended virtue – but a duty. 
I’ve spent the whole morning in my office. I came in early only to rub the refusal of my dismissal in Oliver’s face; hoping that Stanley would also come around. Though none of them passed by the office today so I contented myself by announcing it to my dear colleagues – you should have seen their expressions. They were so annoyed; they wanted me out of here. Besides irritating them, it was quite a boring morning. I remained passive in front of my window; thinking of what has recently happened and what could happen tomorrow. I recalled the events that occurred a few days ago; from Oliver’s cruel utterances to Ms. Clark’s heroic ones. I remembered the tears that shed from my eyes and I thought of the reason behind every tear. Why was I so sad? Well, this case is really important for me and I’d never forgive myself if I let Stanley and co. prevail in framing Alexei. George Oliver’s decision stunned me to a degree that I felt a certain feeling of urgency in the matter – that I barely had time to act. Stanley failed to halt my plans last time but he won’t stop there, I was sure of that. They must have been cooking up something for me and I was about to fall in their ruse sooner or later. That is why I don’t have much time in this case and so I had to act now, quickly. There are a few more pieces of evidence on the table to refute but before going out to find any ways to do so, I needed a change of scenery. I needed to go somewhere far away that would serve my cause and that would also keep me distant for a while. If I went away, perhaps Stanley would think that I no longer wanted to investigate; he’d think that I had stayed home. I needed this change of scenery now, and then it came to me; how about paying a little visit to Alexei’s family in Ukraine? 
I lost no time: I headed home and started packing. I booked a hotel in a city near the Dmitriyev’s hometown, Drohobych, and I was also able to get hold of the last remaining seat in the flight that was scheduled to head to Kiev tonight. I prepared a little travelling luggage that contained clothes, maps and some other papers. It felt like a real excursion – though in here, my quest was to seek the truth. Travelling always got me excited especially when I am on my own. You know, it’s safer to travel alone. Travelling with friends – not that I have any at the moment – has two facets: it might bring them closer than ever – or drive them apart. Anyway, I called the neighbor to take care of Zorro while I’d be away – even though she despised me. Soon, I was in my car ready for a whole new adventure. 
The streets were empty and I flew in them; excited of this new prospect. I thought about the way that I had to approach the family and about the response that I would receive upon arrival. Would they be surprised of seeing me? Will they be happy, will I be able to relieve them just for a moment, just for a short period of time, in the middle of the tragic calamity that has struck this family. I wondered whether I would discover something there. I’m pretty sure that I would: you’d be surprised how much a home can tell you about the people that dwell in it. 
My desires had to halt for a while though; for I was soon preoccupied by a greater enigma that left me puzzled. As I switched to Route 4, I noticed three familiar cars behind me. There were two big black Cadillacs and another car, a police car. I was certain of the identity of the latter; it had to be Stanley’s. I could recognize his car from miles away. The other two cars were also familiar; but why would they be, right? Well, recently, I have been feeling a bit, how can I say it – stalked. There’s always that feeling of insecurity that generates in me; people were following me and I knew who they were. These two black Cadillacs have been in my sight for quite a long time; following me to my every destination. When I overheard Stanley talking to George Oliver, I realized that Stanley was well-informed of my activities. He must have sent people to spy on me. 
After assessing what was going on; it then hit me: why were they following me now?I usually wouldn’t notice their cars until I had finished what I was doing; I would catch them parked silently or see them from afar. But as I drove, they were right behind me – as if they were chasing me. My heartbeat accelerated and I remained bewildered by their concealed intentions. “Could they have known,” I said. “Of my next destination?” The answer of this question was blatantly obvious; of course they knew where I was heading, they knew everything. Though what troubled me the most was the thought that they might be out there to stop me. 
I soon made it to Charlotte’s airport and I parked my car next to the sidewalk. Then what I dreaded the most happened: the three cars parked just behind me and five men led by Stanley exited the vehicles and approached me. I was so afraid; I was shaking and I just stood there, looking at them coming my way. Though, I knew that these men were bad and that bad men take your fear to their own advantage. So, I concealed all my emotions in a sealed portal in the deepest part of my heart and, I confronted them. 
 “For God’s sake,” I yelled. “What are you all doing here?” I decided to be ruthless upon dealing with this situation: show them that they’re messing with the wrong kind of person. I looked at them, scrutinized them, in order to awake a certain feeling in them that I longed for them to realize: shame. Don’t they feel shame; following somebody every single day? As I waited for their response, I observed Stanley’s face. He seemed as ruthless as ever. God these eyes, these daring eyes. It was quite certain: the guy was picking for a fight. 
“We’ve heard that you are heading to Ukraine to see Alexei’s family,” he said. “And we’re here to stop you.” What did he say? Did I just hear that these men wanted to stop me from travelling? Stanley’s comment was ridiculous: who was he to be able to stop me from going? Though it wasn’t the content of his answer that shocked me – it was rather the way he said it. It wasn’t the first time that he says such a thing with so much audacity, plenty of authority – as if he held the last word. Nonetheless, I wasn’t going to let him prevail in intimidating me: his speech might have scared the hell out of me though I remained emotionless and I held on to my composed face. 
“Stop me?” I laughed. “Just watch me.” And so, I walked away just like that, without adding another word. I entered my vehicle and as I prepared the engine, I noticed Stanley from the rear-mirror, who eagerly stepped forth. He wasn’t going to let me; he didn’t want me to. I would have stepped on it if he hadn’t ducked towards my car and posed his filthy hands on it. I looked at his eyes to figure out his next move and I could see it, that diabolical spark in them. Stanley sighed, though his exhalation was not a result of my rebelliousness. Far from that; there was this smile that accompanied it – as if he pitied me for what was going to happen to me. 
“Rosamund,” he soon said; surprised for some reason. “Is that alcohol that I smell in your breath?” I was stunned by his odd question. How was that even relevant to the situation? More importantly, his question didn’t only leave me perplexed because of its irrelevant meaning – but of its intent. What did he intended to do by asking me whether he smelled alcohol in my breath? I thought of it for a second until it hit me. “No” I mumbled. I realized what the officer was plotting and it left me, petrified. 
“I ask you to exit your vehicle Ma’am” he said. What I had anticipated was actually happening: Stanley wanted to arrest me. I looked at him closely – still petrified – shocked by the ruse that he was about to pull. I could not protest: I got out of the car and I stepped aside. Though, I knew that I didn’t have any bottles of alcohol in my car and I was in perfect shape which meant that Stanley didn’t have compelling right to arrest me. Well, I was wrong.
Then, I witnessed the unthinkable. One of the two men that were charged to inspect my car posed a big bottle of whiskey in the back seat. “What the hell!” I shouted. “He just placed a bottle in my car, he just placed one!” I was furious though my fury soon turned into fear. Only one question was turning in my head: was I being framed? The other man soon yelled: “There’s a bottle!” I looked at him with wide-open eyes. “Are you serious?” I said. 
Stanley flashed me one of his evil smiles and he soon said: “Well ma’am, I’m afraid that you have to come with us to the station for a drinking test.” God what the hell! I couldn’t believe what was happening: Stanley didn’t want me to travel so he used this awful ruse to stop me. And the worst thing was that I couldn’t utter a single word of protest: I was powerless. 
The men wanted me to enter their car but I refused and I headed to mine. Before driving away, I looked at Stanley with disgusted eyes. “I’ll pass the test, what would you have accomplished then?” I asked. He smiled again, and laughed. 
“Dear,” he said, cruelly. “I will have slowed you down.” 
Hypocrites; they’re the people that can hurt you without needing to defend themselves. There’s a certain type of hypocrisy in this world that is dangerous and it’s when people betray their duties. When someone has a duty to protect and when they vow to do so at all times; what makes you think that they won’t take back their word one day? When they become cruel; won’t they abuse the authority that they have been given? Stanley, the chief of police, a man who should be assuring peace and security, was pretty happy with his role as “the bad cop.” He’s been given the power to arrest people yet he used that ability against his own principles in order to get to me. When he pulled his little stunt, I remained powerless and I was forced to cancel my plans at the expense of his own. Such corruption says a lot about the world we live in and believe me, there are so many hypocrites out there. Like Stanley, they know that what they’re doing is wrong; they know that it’s unethical, but the question is, who’s there to stop them?
November 26 
 Messages; they’re verbal or written communications sent to or left for a recipient who cannot be directly contacted. A message can contain just about anything: from nice and lovely words to a lover who cannot be reached to hidden secrets to a friend in whom we are able confide, and it can sometimes hold latest revealing news. Such news could put a smile on your face while it can also leave you heartbroken, or even scared. These kinds of messages are the ones that usually pose us trouble upon sending them to someone. It’s a question we all ask ourselves: how do we deliver bad news? A few tend to show up in person to be able to see the recipient’s reaction and to be there for them. Others might not be up to it and they would leave small messages containing news that will change a person’s life forever. Now, sometimes, the content of the message doesn’t really matter especially when you begin to look at the way that it had been delivered – because it tells a lot about the sender. 
 I couldn’t sleep last night. I was so exhausted and immensely frustrated. God, the last two days were the longest days of my life. I spent all day driving around; go to the police station, have a blood test, wait for the results, have another blood test, and wait for the new results. They were such hectic days and that went on at night; for I just couldn’t sleep. I was mad at the stunt that Stanley had pulled and furious about the corruption of which I had been the victim. He was in my head all night; recalling his ruthless words, remembering his crook smiles and hearing that evil laugh of his echoing in the deepest part of my heart. The sun had risen and I still hadn’t fallen asleep – an attempt that was in vain. I got out of the bed that had haunting me all night and I began my day just like the way that I should have been ending it – in total exhaustion. 
Though my nightmares would turn out to be beneficial; for every time I remember Stanley’s wicked eyes, I feel this urge to act, to hit back. And what better revenge is there than the sweet symphony of Justice? Thus, I set the agenda for today: a quest for new recruits. Yes, I decided to find people who might be interested in helping me, lawyers who have the expertise and qualifications to aid me in this controversial case. Still, my ambitions did need a reality-check then; for I remembered something that left me reconsidering my day plans. How could I forget that there might be no one out there who would accept to come to my assistance? They already hated my guts, would they work with me? More importantly, could there be someone out there who does not despise Alexei, or at least is brave enough to stand up for him? 
Despite my pessimistic view of today’s outcome, I still went on and got out of the house to find those lawyers. I was soon on the highway in search of new recruits and I thought of calling Ms. Clark to ask her whether she knew anyone. I needed two lawyers: one who can help me in examining evidence and finding ways to refute those that condemn Alexei. The other lawyer that I required by my side was special. I was aware of Alexei’s charges that held a severe punishment: the death penalty. This was a dreadful way of retribution and I will not let it pass: the charge needed to be dropped.I intend to drop the charge and only then would I go on and prove that Alexei did not do it. Thus, I needed a lawyer who could help me in that: a death penalty specialist. 
 I phoned Ms. Clark and I soon had the address of an important law firm. It was based near the city of Charlotte and Ms. Clark highlighted to me that the board’s avarice could seduce them into taking such case. You see, here’s a bad trait that turns out to be beneficial. It’s actually true; some people’s individual vices are sometimes the society’s collective virtues. Everyone has a hidden agenda and this motive might be serving the person’s own selfish desires but you’ll realize that in the greater scope of things, it actually helps the society as a whole – even if the person never intended to be benevolent. The board that Ms. Clark talked about: they would accept the case because of their greed but that motive is actually helping me – and therefore it is helping society, in achieving Justice.
I stepped out of the car as I arrived in front of a humungous building that held a great amount of offices. I entered the main gate and I soon made my way to the 19th floor, as indicated in Ms. Clark’s note. The lights of a busy office flashed in front of my eyes: perceiving a great number of staff. It seemed like an industry of its own – thank God I did not work there. I would prefer having a boss like Stanley than a hundred colleagues: bureaucracy is overwhelming. Anyway, I asked around – without mentioning my name – and I was soon led to the office of Nuno Gomez and Adriana Sprout. The man is a highly-recommended lawyer with a polished CV and the latter is a tenacious lady with a clean record of executions. I wanted them so badly. 
 I knocked on the door and I was then welcomed by the two lawyers who were gracious to meet me. Ms. Clark had apparently informed them of my visit and that is why they were expecting me enthusiastically. I don’t know what Ms. Clark had told them but I knew quite well what she hadn’t mentioned to them – who I was. Their civility was charming but when my identity had been revealed; it unfortunately became hostility.
“What!” the man lashed out. “You’re that lawyer and you want us to help you?” Unmasked. That’s how it works: people show their true identity when you decide to show yours to them first. The identities could stick up like magnets – or drift apart, repellently. The two lawyers seemed really nice upon meeting them, but once they were able to see through me, they rejected me. “I thought that the board would be interested” I later said. I was expecting them to react violently to my response when I attempted to benefit from the hierarchy to which they belonged. Though that was not the case for I caught a glimpse of a smile in the lady’s face. It was no courteous one. 
Sprout stood up and approached me stealthily. She walked around me; scrutinizing me intimidatingly. She chuckled. “Now I get it,” she said. “I know your game, Rosamund. You’re trying to lure this company with the same motive that had lured you when you’ve taken in this case. Do you think you can bribe us with your shallow pursuit of fame?” 
That was, harsh. God I felt like punching the woman. Seriously, do you think that’s why I’m in this mess, that I’m going all my way in this hectic road, for fame? Bloody hell; give me some credit will you! If that’s how the whole city sees me, then no wonder they despise me. For me, fame is a self-destructive weapon that only public indifference can stop. If only it would, stop. I showed my frustration to the lady’s violent comment and as I neared to the exit, I told her: “If this is fame, then I don’t want it.” 
I got back into my car, exhausted and frustrated. I knew that finding allies was going to be hard, but it’s not only tough, it hurts. I was alone in this whole affair and no one would help me. I needed someone, I really did and my failed quest left me drowning in despair. I remained seated in my car for a long time – thinking – while the vehicle was silently parked in the building’s basement. Everything was dark and the obscurity increased the bitter soreness of defeat that I had been feeling. Though, know this well, it is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. And that’s when the little light of my phone twinkled. I held my phone and I checked my messages, the latest said: Hi, this is Karl Williams, Ms. Clark informed me of your needs and my friend and I would like to help you. Can we meet? A godsend! 
I answered the man promptly, told him that I was free and I headed to a café to wait for the cavalry to arrive. Soon, I met Karl, a tall grey-haired man with a nice flashy smile and May, a young, Chinese woman – judging by her distinctive flat face – who seemed quite professional. We chatted a bit though it didn’t take us long to begin talking about the matter that brought us together. Karl, a capital punishment expert, and May, an eloquent and persuasive speaker, were two fine people who were intrigued by Alexei’s story and mine as well. They said that they looked up to me and my bravery and that they would like to share it with me. They seemed quite passionate about this case and I soon noticed that their passion was driven by a motive that I hadn’t been aware of. They were so excited to hop on board that I suspected that their admiration to me was not the only reason that urged them to ring me. So I asked: “Now please give me the name of your employer so I can talk to him in person about this.”
As I had anticipated, Karl and May seemed deeply concerned by my request and I was able to spot fear in their eyes. They didn’t want to lose this case – they wanted it badly. Karl clarified: “OK look, our company doesn’t want us to take in this case” 
“So we decided to personally go to you – even if it meant that we would not be paid” May promptly continued. 
I understood what Karl and May were saying and I have to admit, it left me in real shock. Since when are there such good people in this world! This couldn’t be true; did two lawyers just walked into my life to tell me that they wanted to help me unconditionally? Karl and May, Karl and May, I’m going to remember these names for the rest of my life because they were names of heroes that stepped up for what they believed in. 
I agreed terms with them and I soon decided to return home after a successful day. I walked Zorro in the park for a while – who by the way was actually with me on the road all day. He’s always with me. Then I made my way home. 
As I attempted to open the door with my keys, I noticed that the door was unlocked. “What the” I whispered. This was awfully weird for I remembered very well that I had locked the door on my way out this morning. I pushed the door in order to get into my home though it turns out that I was plunging into a nightmare. “Oh my” I mumbled, as I stood in front of my home, a wrecked home. Broken glass, stabbed paintings, displaced furniture, the house was a mess. I looked at this horrid site with shocking eyes; bewildered by what might have happened. I let Zorro outside to protect him from the glass on the floor and I soon began walking down this dark path. “Is anyone here?” I asked. I walked past everything that had been cruelly wrecked until I was reassured that no one was in the house. I looked around and I could not believe my eyes. Who could have done this? Then, I rushed to my safe to check if it had been cracked – it hadn’t been. I rushed to my jewelry box to check if anything had been stolen – nothing had been. I checked for everything that might have lured a burglar over here and I was reassured again that all my precious things were still there. Though, my reassurance did not last too long for I soon realized that this was no burglary after all – but that it was actually a callous act of vandalism that without a doubt, contained a message. 
Messages; they can contain just about anything. Usually, the sender opts to send a message because they cannot reach you but sometimes there’s a special reason behind this way of communication. The way a message is delivered tells a lot about the sender. Today, I was the victim of vandalism. At first, I thought that it might have been burglary but once I noticed that nothing had been stolen, I figured out the real agenda behind this cruel act of terror. If money wasn’t what they needed; then what could it be? Why did they break into my home? Why did they felt the necessity to destroy my things? This horrifying act left me bewildered by its reasons. I still hadn’t comprehended the message but what I did know through the way it had been delivered is that the sender, who clearly wants to hurt me, is capable of just about anything. 
November 28 
The Blue Code of Silence; it’s an unwritten rule among police officers that consents them not to report on a colleague's errors, misconducts, or crimes. This rule authorizes officers to claim ignorance of another officer's wrongdoing when they are questioned about the incident or crime involving that officer. The Blue Code is highly criticized for it incites corruption in society. Why don’t they become the accessory of the crime that kept them quiet? What makes them so different than normal citizens like us who have the responsibility and moral obligation to speak about a crime that we have witnessed? The Blue Code is hiding a great number of secrets that have been taken to the grave by people whose duty is to serve the law. When the law has been breached; don’t they feel a sense of urgency to protect it? More importantly, how can they repress their guilty conscience? 
God I have been missing some sleep. I spent the last two nights picking up the pieces from the floor and restoring order into my home. I had called John and he helped me out courteously. He was so pissed off; he wanted me to report this to the police so we can catch whoever had done this terrible act. He thought that there might be someone dangerous out there; I shared his interpretation though I concluded that it could have been only a bunch of hooligans. It happens a lot in this part of the city and although there was this voice in my head that said the contrary; I had to conform to the least possible explanation. I also didn’t want to be ambushed one of these days by the culprit but I had to stay away from the police and the media. I didn’t want anything to happen that might affect the case.
When the morning had risen, John left to work and I lied on the couch to have some rest. Though, I couldn’t sleep without the fear that the person who had committed this terrible act would do it again. That is why I needed to get out of the house. So, at around 9 am, I exited my home and I descended the stairs. It seemed like a nice day; the sun was warm and the wind was tempting. I headed to my car, though as I reached to it, I heard a familiar voice calling me. It was no reassuring voice for it purely announced trouble. “Not you” I said. I turned around only to find Stanley who was laying his back on his car. It seemed to me that he had been standing there for quite a while. I feared that he might have seen John leaving my house though he didn’t seem like he knew anything new. His intentions were clear; he wanted to pick a fight – again.
I approached the man who scrutinized me closely. His eyes fixated me dauntingly, but I didn’t let them intimidate me, I shouldn’t. So, I wore my frozen – emotionless – mask and I confronted him. “Isn’t stalking illegal, officer?” I said. Stanley seemed glad that I was the first to speak; he loved my rebelliousness. It made him laugh, chuckle at my every move of bravery. “We cops prefer calling it surveillance, dear” he responded sarcastically. Though his sarcasm had no intention of putting a smile on your face – it was employed as a weapon to destroy that sense of courageousness in you. After he had crushed my first step of assault, I was expecting him to take the upper hand. That’s why I couldn’t stay there any longer; I had to walk away. At least, that’s what I tried to do. “Not so fast” he said. I stood ground upon his prompt utterances and I sensed that he was drawing near me silently. He was soon behind me and he said: “I’ve heard that you’ve been wandering around asking people to assist you in the case. I’ve been thinking of paying them a little visit, what do you think about that?” 
 I turned around, prompted by the officer’s insolence. What does he have to do with the people I recruit? Was he going to harass them too, intimidate them into resigning from their newly-acquired mission? I couldn’t let that happen simply because I knew that those who are confronted by Stanley will be afraid. I was still buzzing over my new recruits and I wanted them to remain as excited as I am in this case. I had to stop Stanley. “Go ahead,” I said. “See them, intimidate them if you wish, what does it matter to me? I’ll be even more motivated to get my work done and prove that my client is blameless.” 
Stanley was pissed off by what I had just said; I could see irritation in his eyes. This was quite the normal scenario when I confronted Stanley: he taunts me, I hit back and then he gets annoyed. His eyes showed that craving desire to fire back, though he surprisingly decided to keep calm – which left me the opportunity to take another step forth. “And that’s how it is going to work from now on,” I said. “Every time you try to discourage me, you’ll be doing me a favor. Every word you utter is a boost for me to go ahead and finish up this case. Why this eagerness? It’s just because I believe in something so deeply that it makes me so motivated in pursuing it – and against that officer, you are powerless.” 
I took one last breath; happy to see the look in Stanley’s face. His frailty required one last blow to fall apart completely – and that’s what I did. “Powerless,” I whispered again. “And now I’m tired of your little guesses and games so if you want to charge me of something officer, I suggest that you take off your cuffs. If not, you get the hell out of my face.” 
A moment of silence separated us for a while until Stanley finally showed signs of reaction and, he walked away. He walked away, defeated. I could at last exhale; as if a great weight that was pressuring me had disappeared. I regained my normal skin color and I headed to my car. When Stanley had departed, I began driving. Little did he know, my destination was a place that Stanley knew well – and which he wouldn’t be visiting today. When I went to check my blood-results, I noticed that Stanley doesn’t work on Thursdays. Yes, I was heading to The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department. 
It wasn’t far from my house and I soon made it there. Now, what could I possibly find there? Well, I knew very well that I was going to enter the enemy’s territory and that I will face hostility should they know my real identity. I was sure that a few would recognize me but that was not a problem. You see, the policemen that are able to recognize me despite my new look will most probably be those who are directly implicated in this affair and since they’ve been counting on Stanley, I was sure that they would quickly run to him again. While they would be calling him and waiting for him to arrive, I would be exploiting the other policemen that aren’t aware of whom I might be. 
I stepped out of my car and I entered the station: my first obstacle was the receptionist. If he recognized me, he might not have let me in. He did after all, for when I saw the lack of familiarity in his eyes; I told him that I was here to pick up John’s stuff – that I was his girlfriend. He led me to John’s private office and while I passed by the cubicles, murmurs instigated. I had a glance at those who were muttering around me; they had recognized me. I made it to John’s office and the receptionist soon added: “He’s one lucky fella, John.” I smiled at his praise – and I decided to exploit it. “Hey will ya do me a favor?” I asked. “John and I want to keep this a little private you know, so if they ask you who I were” 
“Don’t worry” he said, excited by the movement of my lips. 
The man left the office and kept the door open; giving me the opportunity to observe the wandering policemen. I had a look at the office first; very nice taste there, John. Everything was so well-organized, clean and tidy: even the drawers were dustless. I also found a photo of him and me, secretly kept in one of the drawers. It was a really nice picture that put a smile on my face. Soon though, I resumed my essential mission as I took a few books that piled on the desk and I left his office. I walked slowly, seeming as curious as possible. The people that I suspected to have spotted me had disappeared; they were probably calling Stanley as planned. So, I took the opportunity to look at the other policemen and I soon found a cop that seemed oddly nervous. He was shaking; as if he had seen a ghost. Though, I later realized that I was the ghost. I decided to approach the man who turned paler at my every step. I figured out what was going on: the man knew who I was and it made him nervous. Why would it? Well, once I talked to him, I knew that I was not interacting with a person – but with a guilty conscience. 
“Tell me everything you know” I said once I confirmed to him my true identity. The man trembled and it seemed like he wasn’t going to utter a single word to me. Though, it was blatantly obvious: he wanted to. He wanted to talk to me; he wanted to tell me what he knew. Yes, it was time to hear a confession. He soon got up and he led me back to John’s office; this time locking the door. I leaned my back to the wall and I awaited his longed speech. He soon calmed down and he then told me everything. 
“We were good people,” he began. “We really were; this department was one of the best police stations in the US, filled with honest and courageous policemen. We did our jobs so well, until that day, the day everything changed forever. A young lad whom we recently recruited was caught up with this loan-shark, who he owed him a great amount of money. He was in the red and he was aware that if he didn’t pay back the sum, he would be putting himself and his family in danger. That’s when he decided to kill him; planting a bomb in the fair that the loan-shark was assisting with his daughter. Having a bomb planted was easier; for it turned all the heads to some terrorist organization that had threatened the country before. But when these organizations were vindicated, people started questioning whether the culprit might have been one of their own. That’s when the cop turned to us, confessed what he did and asked for help. We were all ready to arrest him, but then Stanley stepped in. He didn’t want the reputation of his police station to be affected in any way; he had waited all his life for the day he would be recognized for having achieved so much in this institution. His great honor was the reason why he took the responsibility and so, he helped the young policeman and saved the department by framing your boy.” 
 . The cop’s speech did not surprise me; for I kind of knew that Stanley was the person who would be in the driving seat when he is needed most. Once the cop was done, he gave me a big file and I hurried to the exit. As the elevator closed, the one in front of me opened; Stanley got out immediately while I descended fugitively. 
The Blue Code of Silence; it’s an unwritten law among policemen, which leads them to vow that they will remain loyal to their institution. It contains a lot of secrets and some of the most awful crimes. This young lad that he’s talked about, he screwed up badly and that meant that the policemen had to stick up for him. Stanley was the person who reminded them of the Blue Code and he took care of it like he take cares of everything he does; with the most structured and meticulous plan. I thought that had I not overheard Stanley the other day, the truth would never have been discovered. Though I was wrong; for today I was reminded that there’s something about the truth that we all neglect. When we do something bad; we think that we can ignore that guilty conscience in the back of our mind but we can’t. We don’t learn how to differentiate between good and bad in classrooms – our conscience teaches it to us. Keeping a secret is very hard especially when keeping it is against our own principles. A guilty conscience is truly a powerful self-destructive weapon and once it is haunting you at night, you will then realize that it is impossible for normal people to keep a secret to themselves. 
November 30 
Lies; they’re false statements deliberately presented as being true. There are all sorts of lies in this world: those that mislead people for one’s own personal gain to the ones that occur for the other person’s sake. These are quite a lot of ordinary lies that are part of our society – we have all lied to someone once in our lives. Now, there’s a certain type of lie that is not acceptable; for some lies have the capability to actually hurt people. These lies are not intended to buy some time or to cheer up a pal: their foremost goal is to hurt you. When a lie is derived from evil, when it is activated by hatred and malevolence, then it becomes dangerous to others. If the lie achieves the liar’s goal, it will cease to occur but if doesn’t, well then you’ll find out that this kind of lie is practically always followed by another. 
This was the first night during which I had been able to have a long and nice sleep. Exhaustion can be quite tiring but you know, I believe that doing a lot of things isn’t always tiring – doing nothing is. I was really glad to have got hold of that officer the other day. He kind of explained to me why this whole affair started and listening to him speak about Stanley confirmed to me once again my thoughts about him. I knew it all along: Stanley wasn’t the one who did it – but he knew who did. With him being the honorable and protecting person whom everyone can count on, he had to step in and he had to cover this up on his own. Stanley’s act is quite admirable; helping out the young policeman who got in trouble; but it’s not justifiable. At least, if he really wanted to help him, he should have done the right thing by arresting him. 
Now I might have slept for 10 hours straight but that didn’t mean that my slumber wasn’t going to be interrupted. “Oh honey” a voice said. Oh no, that voice was familiar, awfully familiar. Could it be them? My eyes hadn’t yet opened but I was already under a great scare. I hadn’t dreamt a nightmare all night but I was about to enter one. “Rise and shine sweaty,” another voice continued. God I couldn’t believe it; the parents were here. 
What were they doing here? Since when do they visit me in such a way, unannounced? The last time my mother had come to this house was 15 months ago – and she had vowed to never come again. Why had they come today? I got up of my bed and before even welcoming them, I inquired abruptly: “What are you doing here?” My parents looked at each other and my mother soon said: “We miss you.” 
Lies and deception. My mother doesn’t miss me; she doesn’t miss anyone. My father once travelled for a job in Los Angeles and he stayed there for a full year. When he had come back, my mother’s first words to him were, “How much money did your little adventure get us then?” She lives in her own world and I was sure that she hadn’t come here for a warm embrace. I was also puzzled by the presence of my father who should have been at work at that time. What brought them here? All my questions were soon answered for my father clarified that they were worried about me. They said that I was getting too much involved in the case and that it worried them about my safety. We soon sat on my balcony and we all had a cup of tea. We caught up – there was much to catch up about – and although I was still not convinced, I thanked them for checking up on me. It’s really nice to talk to your family after having missed them for so long; it lets you connect with them more than you ever have. I was very pleased that they had come for I had a lot of things to tell them. I was quite happy, well, until she said: “We’re moving in.” 
 That statement had almost seen the end of me. What? You’re moving in, as in you’ll be living with me until a foreseeable time in the future? I protested their decision, “It’s a very small flat as you know.” They fired back, “We’ll sleep on the couch.” My heartbeat accelerated; I couldn’t bear this to happen. God why did I move out in the first place: to get the hell out! This couldn’t be happening: it shouldn’t for my own sake – and theirs. I looked at them silently while their voices echoed in my head. I made a few steps back, unlocked the door and got out of the house. I shut the door and I exhaled. 
I headed to the office even though I had taken a day-off. My colleagues weren’t much happy; my presence irritates them. I went straight to my office and I shut my door. I had a few things to do anyway as I remembered the file that the cop had given me. I grabbed the huge folder that contained a lot of papers and well, a lot of secrets. There were a few things that I had known, like the incident in Uptown Charlotte and the hacking of Alexei’s phone. These were reports that I had already found a way to refute. Though, I remembered the two reports that Stanley had given me on the same day and I still hadn’t found a way to play them down – until I went over the whole file. 
Stanley’s first evidence report asserted that Alexei had a gun at his disposal when he hid in the boat and that he had tried to commit suicide with it. This failed attempt sent him into a deep coma and he now suffers from a great loss of memory. However, the report that I had in hand proved the contrary; for Alexei never had a gun – and thus he never attempted to take his own life. Yet, Alexei was still sent into a coma which means that something else was the cause of his deep wounds. As I continued reading the report, I found out that Alexei had been assaulted upon arrest – but he survived. It would have been quite ideal; to have the suspects dead before trial, am I right Stanley?
The other report that Stanley had given me stated that Alexei had killed a police officer before hijacking his car. Now I knew that Alexei never hijacked a car and that it was the police that had run Isaak over. Though, there was still this man, Anderson Olivera, who is dead and he seemed quite young so the cause of his death must have been something serious. I knew that it couldn’t have been Alexei; but who else would kill him? The report soon answered my hesitation and it left me in great shock. It said that Olivera had been the victim of friendly fire. God that was horrible; don’t policemen know how to aim properly? But it wasn’t a question of missed target; far from that I’m afraid. There was a little note in the folder that said quite cruelly: Dan Stanley had ordered one of his rookies to open fire at Olivera. That was a terrible thing to find out; how could he do this to his own man? I was fuming for I thought about that innocent cop’s family and the misery that they must be feeling.It was all Stanley’s fault, his honor’s fault. God what was so honorable about that? 
 The file contained quite a lot of secrets that left me shocked, terrified but also relieved. With the exception of that fake video, I was finally able to play down any evidence that the DA might deploy on me. All of Stanley’s filthy lies had been exposed and I could finally prepare myself properly for the trial. At least, that’s what I though; for someone knocked on the door of my office and when I opened it, I found a little folder on the floor. I picked it up and well, I found another lie: 
Alexei Dmitriyev Had Approached Friend Lisa Donnelly To Join Him In The Operation, She Confirms. 
Lies; they’re a series of falsehoods that have one common agenda. There are some lies that are unacceptable and they’re usually the ones that pose a threat to others. When a lie is derived from evil; it will occur to satisfy the needs of the malevolent – which is usually to hurt people. Now, sometimes, one lie is not enough. When a lie is exposed, know this well, you should expect another, for a liar will not cease to lie until they get what they want. It’s like the snowball-effect; they accumulate and they become bigger, more dangerous. Though unlike snowballs, lies don’t hit the wall at the end of the cliff. What was even more tragic was the fact that when a liar is trusted; their lies also become trusted. That’s the sad truth about lies; when they’re uttered by trusted people; they don’t cease to occur until they’re believed. 
December 1 
A sense of security; it’s a feeling that assures you that you’re somewhere safe, secure and away from danger. We live in a dangerous world where people have hidden agendas, dark intentions and huge capabilities. Danger is part of life and we’ve all encountered it at one point of our lives. We could sense it at the grip of a powerful enemy, see it in the frightened eyes of an innocent child and feel it in the situations that we dread most. Though, danger doesn’t always show up unannounced; for sometimes we decide to face it. Some decisions that we take have consequences and they are rarely pleasant ones. These consequences put us in a danger we had accepted on ourselves. That’s why we never regret going into an adventure even with the knowledge that they might become dangerous. However, there is a kind of danger that we wouldn’t want to encounter and most of the times it is the danger that is inflicted on people other than ourselves.
Mask: check. Flash light: check. Backpack: check. It was 3am and I had been preparing for this moment all night. I got up of my bed silently and I walked past the living room – where my parents were sleeping – stealthily, without producing any noise that could possibly wake them up. I opened the door and I let it open slightly for I knew that shutting it would wake up the whole neighborhood. I descended the stairs in case anyone would be frequenting the elevator at this time. I heard noises, whispers. It was the Dickens in 7B. I leaned my back at the wall for them not to see me: my black costume was playing its role quite well, blending in with the darkness of the night. Once the noises had stopped, I resumed my stealth exit of the building and I was soon in my car, driving away. 
I had been plotting this little mission the moment I had read the report I found at my office’s door. It stated that a friend of Alexei’s, Lisa Donnelly, reported to the police that Alexei had asked her to join him in the operation that consisted in making the bomb and planting it in the fair. I knew that these were only lies simply because Alexei didn’t do it and thus he had never approached anyone. Though the headline of the report was quite clear to me for I immediately doubted one word in it: friend. If she really was Alexei’s friend, like the ones I had previously met, why would she report him? Why would he have approached her when he had other friends to turn to? It was clear that this young lady was not Alexei’s friend and so I decided to pay my dear compatriots, the Donnelly’s, a little visit. 
 The report mentioned her address and it happens that I knew exactly where she lived. She habited in the same suburban area as an old friend of mine, Jill. Well, I wasn’t sure of the term friend in there either. Anyway, I drove to her and as the streets were car-less, I was in front of her house in no time. I parked my car near the sidewalk and I stepped out of the vehicle. After checking three houses, I finally found a big sign that said: “The Donnelly Residence.” I approached their house and I thought of the easiest way to infiltrate it. Now, I knew that what I was doing was wrong but what other choice did I have? The police certainly would not issue a warrant to search the house and thus I had to do this on my own, my way. 
I had to pay really attention to the noise that I produce because in suburbia even the least of noises can cause a disturbance of the peace – and I wouldn’t want crazy old housewives on my back. I approached one of the windows and I noticed that it was poorly locked. So, I took out a screwdriver from my backpack which I thought would come in handy and I jiggled the lock. Crack. The window was then able to be opened and thus I lifted myself up and I slowly dragged myself into the inside of the house. Without producing a single noise, I was in the inside of the beautiful decorated home of the Donnelly’s. I soon looked around me for a clue. I needed something that would prove that Lisa was either a person who despised Alexei or who at least would have an interest in testifying against him. I turned on my flashlight and I searched for a diary or a year book, in vain. 
Everything around me seemed to be owned by Lisa’s parents and I would never go up to her own room; it was too dangerous. No, I needed something in that living room. I kept on searching for any clue that Lisa might have left behind and then, I found the checkbook. I was shocked to see a checkbook in the middle of the living room; shouldn’t it be in a safe? So, I figured that the family needed this checkbook recently. I increased the light of my flashlight and I pointed it on this odd checkbook. I was soon informed that it belonged to Lisa’s father and when I thumbed through it – as I wore clean gloves – I found a check in between the pages. This check didn’t belong to Lisa’s father – it was addressed to him. I looked at it closely and I was soon stunned by the address of the party that issued this check: Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department 601 E. Trade Street Charlotte. 
I had no doubts then: Lisa Donnelly had been bribed and she had a simple task: to lie. This certainly was the most abject way the police have taken to frame Alexei – by involving others. I didn’t have time to complain though; I had to get out. I grabbed the check and I placed it in a plastic bag. I put it in my backpack and I headed to the window. Silently, I managed my way out of the house and I soon made it to my car and drove away. 
 I pushed the door of my home slightly and I closed it. It was already 5 am and if my parents had heard it, I would have said that I was walking Zorro outside. They were sleeping tightly though, and I quietly went back to my bed with a victorious feeling as I triumphed over Stanley’s game once again. I closed my eyes; thinking that my early achievement would be the highlight of the day. Unfortunately, it wasn’t. 
I heard screams. It were my mother’s, “Oh Rodney what happened!” she yelled. I immediately bounced from my bed and I hurried to the living room where the voice of my mother had come from. I stepped inside the room and I found my mother – afraid – who had blood on her hands. It wasn’t her blood though; she just had them on. I looked at her with shocked eyes and I approached her to find out what was happening and from where did the blood come from. Though I did not need to be answered; for as I drew near my mother, I found my father on the ground and I realized that the blood on his face, was his. I screamed, terrified by what I had just seen. “Dad what happened!” I yelled. 
My mother and I rushed to him and we struggled to carry him to the couch. “Get the aid kit” I promptly told my mother. Meanwhile, I took a tissue from my pocket and I swept the blood that was leaking from my father’s nose. It bled severely though his nose didn’t seem like the only part of his body that pained him. I spotted several bruises in different parts of his body, he had a black eye and he kept his hand on his lower chest that clearly hurt him. My mother soon came with the aid kit that I thought would never have to be used. I wondered whether it had what we needed; for I couldn’t even remember the day I bought it. 
 My mother opened the kit and thankfully it disposed everything we needed. She took out a white tissue to stop the bleeding and she sprayed the sore injuries that my father had suffered. As she nursed him, I approached my father and I whispered to him: “What happened?” My father looked at me with fearful eyes; he didn’t want to share what he had just encountered. “Tell me” I repeated. The fear in my father’s eyes amplified and the sight of them was truly unbearable; he was hurt and there was nothing I could have done. He finally spoke: “I was just having my morning stroll until some hooligans came my way. They blocked my road and they took out their knives on me. I tried to defend myself; but they were just too many.” 
 I was deeply shocked by what my father had just informed me. Who could have done such a thing? Why would anyone want to hurt an old man?A lot of questions were turning in my head and among them there was this possibility that I tried to neglect. I felt that this situation was familiar but I tried not to link it with any past events. Though, when my mother asked him whether these men claimed money, I knew that my father’s answer would also respond to my doubts. And it did, so cruelly. “I wish they had,” he said. “They just attacked me.” 
After I had heard his answer, I remained still, reactionless. Too many things were wandering in my head and I just couldn’t focus on what was happening. Could it be? Could these two incidents be related? I knew the answers of all my questions but I just couldn’t admit them to myself. I soon stood up and I looked at my parents with a blank face. My father still had his hand on his lower chest and judging from past experiences, this was not a good symptom. “Drive him to the hospital” I said to my mother. She nodded and I helped her carry him to the car. I also prepared my own keys and when my mother saw them, she inquired about my destination. I didn’t answer her and I went straight to my car and I waited until they drove away so I could do the same. 
 I soon hit the road and I thought of so many things while driving. I knew what was going on: the hooligan attack on my father was no coincidence. It was an occurrence that had happened before – when my home was broken into and wrecked. These two incidents were without a doubt related and they had one common message. There were people out there that targeted me in person and they want to hurt me. Wrecking my home wasn’t enough so they decided to attack my family. They didn’t want to hurt my father – they wanted to hurt me. They obviously wanted something from me and what was even more tragic is that I didn’t know what it was. That’s why I needed to act – fast. And my destination was the right place to go to in these kinds of situation. I never thought that I would come to this place but it was my last resort. I stepped out of my car and I entered this dimmed and dark setting. I approached the man who stood on the other side of the counter and I told him: “I’d like to own a gun.” 
A sense of security; it’s a feeling that we all search for. It’s the kind of feeling that reassures your mind: that you’re in a place safe and away from danger. We can find this sense of security in a powerful ally, in protected shelter and sometimes, in a powerful weapon. Today, when I was in that house searching for evidence, I knew that what I was doing was wrong and that it could put me in danger. But I only felt danger when I saw my father on the ground, bleeding. This sight scared me even more than when I was in that house and it had a bigger impact on me than on my father. This is the true meaning of danger; you don’t find it when you’re brave enough to face it; you’ll see it in other people’s eyes, people whom you care about. Know this well, if you think that you don’t fear anything, well think twice before acting. When you embark into a dangerous journey, don’t you fear that you’re also putting other people in danger? When you’re risking your life, that’s brave, but how courageous is it when you’re risking other people’s lives as well? We all fear of something and when we realize that it involves another person, maybe it is finally time to reconsider. 
December 5 
 Home; it’s the place that provides you a roof to shelter you, food to feed you and walls to protect you. It’s quite interesting to think about what truly represents a home to us. The door of a house can hold so many emotions, stories and secrets, and once you cross that door; you begin to experience them. The owner will tell you about the things around you and these things will tell you each a little bit about the owner. The furniture lock in them all the emotions that once rose in the house, the pictures hold so many stories whether they’re happy ones or sad ones, and the walls, they hide all the dark secrets that they have once witnessed. A house can contain just about anything and everything in it has a past and a story to tell, but sometimes a house isn’t a home once the people with whom you’ve shared all these experiences are gone. 
 My insomnia continued all week; for I just couldn’t sleep. I held on to my gun all night; pressing it to my chest, alert to anything that might happen. I had bad dreams too; dark ones, sad ones. You know, the most frightening nightmares aren’t the scariest ones; but the sad ones. That’s applicable to life: there are situations that chill you to bone but what scares you the most in them is the sadness, the things that make you unhappy. I have had bad dreams all night and that’s why I kept holding onto my gun; to feel secure, safe. It’s always safer to have a weapon in our hands but sometimes that sense of security quickly fades – especially when you realize that you actually need to use it.
I heard a bark – Zorro’s. He was in trouble, in pain, and I didn’t know then whether I was dreaming or that I really did hear voices. I instantly got out of bed – with my gun in my hand – and I rushed past the living room. I was screaming insanely “Zorro! Zorro!” I had a glance at his little dog house – he wasn’t there. My fear rose and the worst possible scenarios ran in my head. Where’s Zorro, where’s my Zorro? I yelled even louder and my father immediately came into the room. “What’s with the noises,” he said calmly, until he noticed the gun in my hand. He was enormously shocked by the powerful weapon that I held with me and he even started shaking. “Why do you have a gun?” he muttered, confusingly. I didn’t answer him for I had something else on my mind – of greater importance. It wasn’t the right time for explanation, I wanted my dog. I yelled his name again and my father then pointed at the balcony. 
 I rushed to it and I leaned myself toward the outside. I looked at the empty streets; seeking for a little four-pawed gentle animal. The more meaningless my sight was; the bigger my fear rose. Though, every bit of anxiety in me soon disappeared – when I saw him. Zorro was there; wagging his tail and swinging his little tong. I also spotted my mother; the person who was walking my dog, my dear dog. You had to see him walking; racing all the cars, all the people around him and letting the soft wind caress his gentle fur. He walked so majestically; so happily, as if he was running his way to the Promised Land. The sight of him was so, nice, and it soon put a smile in my face. I smiled and all my fears went away, evaporated.
I looked at them for a while until I decided to go back in. As I turned around, I noticed an anomaly in the neighborhood. Something was wrong and I tried to figure out what it was. For a moment, just a moment, the whole street was empty with the exceptions of Zorro and my mother. That was odd for this street was usually packed with cars at this time of the morning; it should have been rush-hour. Not only did I noted that the streets were empty but I also noticed that there was this odd silence in the neighborhood – similar to a church-like stillness. There might not have been any cars, but why am I not hearing the neighbor’s loud television? Why am I not hearing the screams of that estranged couple down the block? A weird silence conquered my surroundings and sadly, it did not bestow a peace of mind. 
 Something was going on and I was kept in the dark about it. I looked around me to figure out what it was and that’s when I noticed him. As I was about to retreat to my home, I noticed a kind of black shape that overtook the roof of a neighboring building. I looked at it closely; trying to figure out what it was. I focused on the shape and I soon began connecting the dots. It was not a normal shape, far from that. I looked at it closely and that’s when I realized that the black shape on the roof was no ordinary shape – for it was that of a man. There was a man on the roof and he was holding something in his hand. I didn’t know what it really was until I realized what was going on. I couldn’t express my shock for my fear soon overwhelmed me once again and my instant reaction was to turn toward Zorro and my mother and scream. But I couldn’t scream; I just couldn’t – like in nightmares. But this was real and as I looked down the street; I tried to warn the people that I loved of what was happening around them. Though, I soon stopped thinking about everything that was going on when the silence of the neighborhood was cruelly pierced by the deafening sound of a gunshot. I promptly turned to the direction that the sound had come from and the only thing I saw was that black shape, slowly retreating. My sight was weak and soon, that shape disappeared and I immediately turned to check on my mother and Zorro. I regained control of my sight and that’s when I saw, I saw my mother standing there, petrified, and next to her, Zorro, who lied on the ground, motionless.
I couldn’t believe what I had just witnessed, what I had just seen so, vulnerably. At first I didn’t believe it; I was certain that this was a big nightmare and that I was about to wake up. Wake up Rosamund, wake up. It’s just a dream, wake up. I wished that it was a dream, that the tender hands of my mother would caress me, asking me gently to wake up. But it was no dream and it was beyond a nightmare – my dog had been just killed. My dog was lying there in the cold, motionless, and I couldn’t do a thing about it. I just stood there, still unaware of the calamity that had just hit me, powerless. Once I had realized what had just happened, I rushed down the stairs and I hurried to Zorro. I came to my knees and I laid my hands on my precious pet whose fur was still. The cars had come back, the neighborhood had rose back, and I stayed there in the middle of the road, lying next to my friend who had just lost his life, and I cried like I never had before. 
 Oh Zorro, what have you done to me. I remember the very first day that I saw you, there, at the vet. You were no larger than the palm of my hand but I saw something in you that told me about your past, about what you had gone through, about your bravery – and that’s why I called you Zorro. Your sincere eyes told me that they had to separate you from you mother and that they brought you here, in a completely different environment. But you did not show the sadness about your past and you immediately approached me and you began sniffing me out of curiosity. I held you into my arms and you let me into your past and that’s when we became friends. Nine years, our friendship lasted nine years and I remember every happy moment of it, your every bark, your every smile. I remember all our walks in the streets, all our meals in the malls and all our playing times in the parks. But I also remember everything you have brought to this home, to this empty house. You created a whole new lively atmosphere in those empty rooms and you’ve brought warmth to these sad walls that I thought would remind me of my solitude. You brought life to this house that I thought couldn’t be a home. And for all the times that I have taken you for granted, I ask you to forgive me, because I didn’t know that we would have to part ways someday, at least not today. You know it’s true love when you don’t have to tell them every day how much you love them – but that doesn’t mean that you can take them for granted. Oh Zorro, how could you leave me, now, when I need you most? I’ve always thought that you were the one who needed me to live, but it turns out that I was the person who needed you so I could go on with my day, to be happy. I wonder whether I can make it without you my dear friend, but what I do know is that this house will never be the same without you – and so will my life.
The night had risen and I remained lying in my bed; thinking of what had just struck my life. Although my parents were deeply confused and concerned about what was going on, they knew that I was not up to answering any questions and so they took care of me and they tried to comfort me. I was still in great shock and if I had the choice, I would have spent a couple of days in bed. But that couldn’t happen, not in my life, not with what I have decided to slip into. The doorbell soon rang and my parents wondered who it could be at such a late time. But I knew very well who it was and thus I got out of bed and I headed to the door and opened it. 
Stanley stood there with that same evil look in his eyes. I didn’t know why he had come but the reason didn’t really interest me. My mind was somewhere else and I just wanted to get rid of that man who stood in front me. I asked him about the reason he had come and he answered me quite frankly: “With the trial that is soon to begin, I come to you to warn you one last time, Rosamund. You could resign now and everything will be OK and if –”
I couldn’t let him continue, I just didn’t want to hear him any further. So, I emitted a cold sarcastic laugh and as I looked at him in the eye, I told him: “You know officer; I can’t seem to understand you. I’ve noticed how much effort you’re putting in this case and it kind of made me ask myself about the reasons of such persistence. I don’t know, it just feels like that it’s more than a federal case for you, Dan. As if you’re concerned, or I don’t know, involved.” 
I couldn’t believe what I was saying to the officer. It just had to slip from my mouth – I just had to let him know that I	 knew. I couldn’t bear him any longer and thus I let the officer feel that I knew everything, completely everything. And he knew very well at what I was insinuating; the expression in his face confirmed it to me. He was terrified; truly bewildered by the discovery of what I knew. I could stay all day, looking at that vulnerable face, but I had to strike him again, oust him. “And you know,” I continued. “Despite all your efforts, coming to my own house is the most shameful. I now understand your game quite well, Stanley. You see me, an inexperienced woman, a gentle one, who lives in a friendly neighborhood like this, and you say to yourself, well hey, I can push these people around. Well let me tell you something officer, I do not come from a place like this. So here’s a piece of advice, go to your big black Cadillacs and drive back to the miserable life you crawled out of, because I never want to see your face again. I think we’re done.” 
The officer was enormously shocked by my hostile way of kicking him out, but his surprise did not last too long for it soon transformed into anger. As I wanted to shut the door in front of his face, he suddenly barged in on me, stepped foot in the inside of my home and pushed me to the wall. I remained terrified there, holding my back to the wall, completely taken aback by the officer’s sudden move. He approached even closer and he said, cruelly: “I decide when we’re done.” 
Home; it’s more than a simple house. A home is a place that holds secrets and stories, and people with whom we’ve shared them. The people that make a home happy need each other to keep it this way. If someone were to leave, they take all those memories with them too. The truth is that nice memories – or any memory – have to be made with people other than ourselves and the greatest memories are those that don’t need a picture to be remembered.Don’t take these people for granted; because once they’re gone, you won’t be left a chance to salvage one last request for forgiveness. Now, if there are still people in your home who haven’t abandoned you, you should hold on to them because one day they will leave too, and you will be left alone. When you’re alone in an empty house, you might turn to people who could be interested in accompanying you down the road of life. Though, you should be careful whom you turn to, because introducing new people to your home can be risky. And sometimes, there are people who want to enter your home, but you would feel a bit hesitant upon accepting them in. Your hesitation is not at fault, for one day you will come to realize how significant is the relationship between a home and the people that come and go in and out of it. They might make your home a better place to be in and thus you would let them in. But should you suspect the least bad intention wandering in them, letting them is ill-advised, and once you stop them, you will then have to protect your home from them. That’s why I tried to oust Stanley when he came knocking on my door – I felt that my home was threatened. Though, when I tried to stop him, I found out the hard way that I couldn’t. I wasn’t able to prevent him from entering my home and that’s when I realized the consequences of his sudden act. This is quite the truth about homes: the people that you let into your home; you’re letting them into your life – forever. 
December 10
Bad people; they’re the individuals who have evil intentions. There are so many bad people out there and you can find them almost everywhere. There’s a thin distinction between good people and bad people and the most important lesson that should be taught to you is that there’s a difference between sin, and evil. We are all sinners and that is no problem, for as they say; every saint has a past and every sinner has a future. Of course, one should not be carried away with his sins; but all I’m saying is that if you come across a sinner; don’t judge them because you’re not any better. You should keep all your judgments to people who are actually bad, evil. We’ve all heard of abject crimes and murders and seen the faces of terrorists and dictators. They should be considered as bad people whom cannot be turned a blind eye. These people have evil plans and usually to achieve it, they need to hurt others. 
I was surprised to have slept for such a long time today. I thought that everything I had on my mind was going to extend my insomniac nights though it turned out to have put me to rest peacefully. I was still in dire strait when I woke up, but my parents made it a little easier for me; my mother brought breakfast to bed and my father told me one of his endless bed-time stories, like in the old days. As I saw my parents take care of me so thoughtfully, it did put a smile on my face. As you know, I haven’t always been greatly fond of them and we might have had our share of setbacks, but all of that didn’t really matter then. The only way to find out if a person really loves you is to see if they hurry to your help when you’re at your most vulnerable. If they are concerned and worried, it means that they think about you and that they love you – despite all the times that they’ve taken you for granted. 
At around 11am, I received a phone call. It was George Oliver who had quite a nervous voice when he spoke to me. I could have even sensed that he was shaking while talking to me. “Alexei escaped from prison,” he said. That remark caught me off guard and I was deeply shocked by what I had just heard. Oliver also informed me that the police knew where he was hiding and that I had to go with Stanley to find him. I would have protested the idea of going with Stanley but I had to agree for I knew very well what might happen should the police have their arms on Alexei. They will kill him, I was positive. Thus, I immediately changed my desperate look and I headed to the exit, wearing my mask. Before leaving, I took my gun. 
Stanley was waiting for me in the parking lot and I entered his car – without uttering a single word to him. He soon drove away and thus we hit the road to find Alexei. I wondered where Stanley was taking me though I wasn’t going to inquire about the matter. It seemed like a long road for he kept on driving speedily on the high road without the desire to take a turn. Judging by the roads taken, he was taking me somewhere outside the city. My anticipation was soon confirmed as in a matter of time, we were in the middle of nowhere. 
We were passing by huge soulless mountains and valleys and although I knew the region quite well, I wasn’t able to recognize my surroundings. I looked from across the window to distract myself though the sight wasn’t very appealing. There wasn’t a single person on the radius besides us. I bet that there weren’t even animals around us either. It seemed quite like a big desert in which we were plunging deeper and deeper. 
 As he drove, I received a phone call.It was John who had quite a nervous voice when he spoke to me. His nervousness then turned into fear and that’s when he started yelling at me. Something was going on and I couldn’t understand what John was telling me. “What?” I inquired, worryingly. John kept on yelling at me but I soon captured his fast utterances and I understood what he said. 
 “They want to kill you,” he repeated. “They want to kill you.”
What? Who wants to kill me? Why? I had so many questions to ask John who remained incomprehensible. Then, the line hung up on us: there was no signal. I was still in great shock of what I had just heard. John was nervous and he was yelling at me for some reason. All I could have heard was this: “They want to kill you.” It made no sense; who would want to kill me? Then, it all made sense. I looked around me, at the desert that I was being taken to, and I had a glance at Stanley who seemed very quiet. Oh Lord, they weren’t taking me to Alexei – this was an assassination attempt, my assassination, to be more precise. My heartbeat accelerated faster than the car Stanley was driving and I didn’t know what to do. Stanley wanted to kill me and I was in his passenger’s seat, in the middle of nowhere. It was the perfect set. 
 I had to act fast; I didn’t know what our destination was but we most certainly shouldn’t reach it. “Officer,” I soon said. “Is there any restrooms in the area?” He was stunned by my question – which was the first thing that I had pronounced to him today – and he certainly was irritated to answer. He asked me to hold on a bit; that we were almost there. “I really need to go” I insisted. I looked at Stanley in the eye; trying to conceal the great fear in me. Thank God he agreed for he didn’t want me to ruin his car. In a matter of time, we stopped at a gas station. I had hoped that there would be anyone to help me there – but it was soulless as well. I stepped out of the car and so did Stanley and he accompanied me all the way to the toilet’s door. “Do you mind?” I said. The officer took a step back and I entered the toilet that was located in the annex of the gas station’s store, which was closed. Once I had stepped into the small room, I was immensely relieved to see a little back window that led to the outside. I immediately locked the door and I climbed above the sink to reach the small window. I ducked in order to fit in and after long struggling to make my way out; I was finally able to push myself out of the toilet. I stood up and I saw Stanley from the other end, who had his back turned to me. Without wasting a single second, I ran, I ran for my life. 
 I wasn’t in a desert anymore; for I soon got lost among humungous trees. Yes, I was in a forest and I was running as if I were in an endless labyrinth. With every step I took, the forest seemed as if it was becoming deeper, gloomier. It was quite dark for the big trees shaded my surroundings from the penetrating light. I didn’t know where I was going but I knew that I had to keep on running until I was far away from Stanley who must have begun searching for me at that time. As I hiked this dim place, I soon heard noise. “Could he have found me?” I said to myself. I ran even faster as my worst fears chased me and unfortunately, that was not a metaphor. I could hear Stanley’s footsteps, that awful sound of footsteps, and as I turned around to check if he was anywhere near, I suddenly found him brusquely appearing in front of me – with a gun in his hand. 
“Did you seriously think that you could have run from me?” he said. I looked at him with terrified eyes for I felt that this was the end for me. He approached towards me while I made a couple of steps back. “I’m not killing you here,” he said. “Come with me.” He lifted his gun and he pointed it at me – ordering me to follow him. I walked in front of him while he had his gun stuck at my back. The stand-off continued so until we had arrived to Stanley’s car. As he requested me to get back to my seat, a last-resort plan occurred to me. It was either going to save me – or kill me. I turned to Stanley, who re-lifted his gun at me after my sudden move. “Wait,” I said. “Why are we doing this?” The officer was stunned by my question and it was obvious that he was not up for a game. “Don’t try to –”
“Dan,” I interrupted innocently. “Look, I know what you had to do. I know about the person who is the real culprit and I know about your great act of bravery to step in to help him. We all carry a dirty baggage with us and you haven’t done anything wrong, Dan, on the contrary, you were brave enough to take on the driver’s seat and help the whole police station. But if you kill me, how would that serve what you have been trying to do all along? Don’t do something stupid, officer.” 
My voice seemed like it was perfectly resonating in Stanley’s mind. He comprehended what I was telling him and then, with my great surprise, he began putting down his weapon. That’s when I struck him. 
I suddenly struck him with a big rock that I had put in my pocket during my little hike. The officer immediately hit ground and I hurried to his car where the keys were still hooked. I quickly jiggled it; turning the engine on. The lights of the car opened brusquely and I got ready to step on it. I saw Stanley, armless, getting up. He wanted to rush to me and jump on the vehicle – thinking that I didn’t have what it takes to actually hurt him. But I did.I stepped on it, hitting Stanley again. This time he couldn’t get up and he started crawling to the back; wanting to reach the wall of the gas station so he could lean his back on it and get up. But he couldn’t, the shock had severely injured him. I held on to the wheel; watching Stanley suffer. Then, I remembered. I remembered the day I came into my wrecked home, or when I saw my dad bleeding, hurt by a callous assault. I also recalled the tragedy that struck me – when my dog was killed by the insensitive sound of a gunshot. I remembered all these occurrences and I looked at the man who was responsible for my suffering; that man who was now crawling for his life. I looked at him one last time, wanting to see forgiveness in his eyes. But they did not transpire a bit of regret or guilt; Dan Stanley was proud of what he had done and he wouldn’t stop until he got what he wanted. In a flash of light, I saw everything he has done from the moment I saw him at Ms. Clark’s. I could see them though his eyes, his evil eyes. I posed my foot on the pedal and I gazed upon him one last time. And I struck him.
 I remained there, in the driver’s seat, gazing upon the man who had ruined my life. But I was no longer gazing upon a man. He wasn’t moving. I stepped out of the car and I hurried to see the result of what I had just done. I laid my hand on his neck – there was no pulse. The man was not breathing; or should I say, the corps. I looked at him, stunned by what I just done, but you know, I didn’t feel a bit of regret. The man was dead and I only experienced one feeling: relief. Soon, John had come – alone – and he was extremely shocked by what he had just seen. “How did this happen?” he asked. I didn’t utter a single word – but I let him know the answer only by showing him the look in my face. “It was self-defense right?” he inquired. His question surprised me for I hadn’t even considered that little detail. “Of course it was,” I said as I approached the corps. “He had a gun.” I searched the body and I found the gun that Stanley had pointed at me. But as I touched it, I realized something that would chill me to the bone. “Oh God,” I said. I looked at John with desperate eyes; intriguing him of my latest discovery. “Oh God,” I said. “This is my gun.” John was taken aback by what I had just said first because he didn’t know that I owned gun and then because he knew what this discovery meant. Stanley had my gun, which means that he would seem like the person who was in self-defense. I seemed like the murderer, the cold-blooded murderer. I sat on the ground; unaware of what I had to do to solve this mess. Will I be able to explain to the jury – the enraged jury – that I am innocent? More importantly, should I report this, I will no longer be able to defend Alexei – to deal with the case that I was on the brink of solving. I couldn’t go through this; I had to do something. I looked at John again; this time transpiring what I had in mind. He wasn’t certain of what I wanted to do but he had a hunch about my intentions. “There’s a forest,” I said promptly. “We can –” 
“OK” he interrupted – not wanting me to pronounce what we were about to do. 
 Then, we did it. John carried Stanley’s body while I led him the way to the forest. When we had arrived at the right place, John left the body aside and he dug, he dug a hole in the ground. When it was deep enough, I silently slid the corps into the hole and John piled the mud on it. Once he was done, he sat next to me. We exchanged looks and then, we made out in the dark – in a desperate attempt to comfort each other. 
Bad people; they will hurt you to get what they want. It’s a question we all ask ourselves: why are there so many malevolent people in this world? They say that there should be evil so good can prove its purity above it. That might sound like a failed argument; but in the end, we have to accept the reality that there will always be bad people and that’s why we should hold on to the good ones. Now, I’ve said that we should not judge sinners and that this judgment should be done to those who have evil intentions. But you know, who are we to judge anyone in this world? Isn’t there a chance that we could also be lured into evil one day? It is safer not to answer that question; and live as normal people and make the right decisions. Though, sometimes when we try our best to be good people, we end up in a wrongdoing that we will dread for the rest of our lives. Dan Stanley; he had no intention in becoming a bad person as all he ever wanted was to preserve his honor and the honor of his institution. But the circumstances led him to want to kill me and these circumstances also led me to end up killing him. No one was supposed to be the bad guy in this affair but in the end; one of us had to be. I’ve always thought that Stanley was the bad person but, when I was in that driver’s seat, with the wheel in between my hands, I felt this bitter feeling overwhelming me – that of revenge. That feeling – which was caused by the circumstances – led me to commit an error that actually comforts me now. I hurt Stanley in order to get what I want – winning this case – but then again, doesn’t that make me the bad person? 
December 12
 Remorse; it is a deep regret or guilt for something wrong we have committed. There are many ways to punish a wrongdoer; some opt to reprove them while others resort to more durable sentences – like isolation. Prisons have a great importance in helping criminals to realize their errors; for it gives them time to think about what they have done. However, not all wrongdoers are found in prisons as many of them could be on the run, having taken their big secret to the grave. These people won’t be punished for what they have done since no one is aware of their wrongdoing to bring some senses to them. Still, there is a way to let a criminal realize the degree of their error and it usually lies in them. Know this well, to have a guilty conscience is ultimately the utmost punishment a person could ever suffer after committing any wrongdoing. The past has always a way to catch up on us and it will remind us of what we have done – and punish us. 
I did something terrible two days ago and it has been in the back of my mind all morning. There was only one image that was spinning in my head and it was the scene where I held the driving wheel against Dan Stanley. I evoked that particular scene because it held a great significance to me and to what I had done. It was just so, powerful. Seeing Stanley crawling for his life and being behind the wheels of a destructive car formed such a contrast between us. Stanley was the vulnerable and I was the powerful. There were so many emotions bursting from me then; I remembered all my sorrows and I used them to obtain the strength that I needed to do what I had to do. But it wasn’t only that contrast of an unequal distribution of power that kept bouncing in my mind. There was this image of me during that stand-off that I couldn’t have seen yet which I’m positive had been exactly how I looked like. As I held the driving wheel, I saw myself – or my eyes to be more precise. I saw powerful eyes that transmitted so much hate and bitterness and I now realize that these eyes that I had weren’t mine – but Stanley’s. I have always described Stanley’s evil eyes but I never knew that a day would come in which I would also have them. 
I couldn’t stay home all day as my parents had grown suspicious of my recurrent daydreaming and anyway, I did have two important appointments to attend today. I was soon in my car driving to my first destination of the day: Ms. Clark’s. The trial was on Monday and I had to meet my fellow lawyers, Ms. Clark and Aaron. We had to make the last required preparations for the trial and I was quite excited. On Monday, the whole world was going to hear it; they were all going to hear the truth. I could already sense it; the intensity, the struggle and the triumph. It was near, so near. 
At noon, we were all gathered around a large rectangular table in a vast room. Aaron and his assistants were seated at the other end of the table while I sat in between my own colleagues who were also ready to get things started. Ms. Clark and her assistants were seated in the middle. Yes, it did seem like a real boxing match in which Ms. Clark was the arbitrator. Once we were all seated, overview discussions begun and a great amount of paperwork were subject to be filled. The room was in peaceful silence until the bursting inscription of a flat-screen television woke us up from this serene environment. 
 BREAKING: Charlotte Police Officer, Daniel Stanley, 48, Reported Missing.
Upon these words, the room plunged into total chaos: loud chats were exchanged between one person and another while speculations exploded on the table. My colleagues were deeply shocked by the news though they remained reserved about the matter for I had told them that Stanley was not a man to be trusted, or pitied. Aaron’s lawyers were more sympathized with the news; they must have known him a bit more. Ms. Clark was greatly shocked of the flashing headline though her eyes did not transpire too much indifference – or compassion. However, there was only one person in this room whose reaction was the most intriguing. It was Aaron, who was emotionless upon learning this breaking news. I would have expected him to become all red and nervous but I was shocked to see a different reaction. I remembered that Aaron would turn pale every time Stanley’s name was mentioned but this time; he did not show a single symptom of fear. On the contrary, he seemed quite, confident, relaxed, possibly relieved? There was that spark in his eyes that I had once seen long ago: power. Aaron felt powerful again – a feeling that shrunk every time Stanley was around. Dan Stanley can’t scare you anymore, Aaron, I promise. 
 Aaron’s relieved reaction was not the only highlight of the meeting. He had another reaction that completely changed the cool face that I had been holding on to. Once he was sure of his own feelings towards the news, Aaron assessed its input. He might have asked himself about the message that the bold headline was hiding and once he had figured it out – and he did – he gave me a look that would leave me in deep uneasiness. The look in his face – I was certain – was a cruel attempt of baseless accusation. He knew. Aaron knew what I had done and although his look was meant to thank me, it put me in great pressure, remembering the act that I had committed. His gaze destroyed my composed face and it exposed my secret – giving me the blame. 
I felt a great amount of pressure, as if I were in scrutiny under the fixating eyes of everyone present in the meeting. I even went on in hallucinating odd things; for instance, I felt that everyone in the room was pointing at me and repeating all together: you did it, you did it. I imagined that cops would force their way into the meeting, take out their handcuffs and say: Ms. Rosamund O’ Hara, you are hereby arrested for the murder of Daniel Stanley. You have the right to remain silent: everything you say will be used against you in a court of law.” God I was scared, terrified by everything around me, because everything was reminding me of what I had done.
As soon as the meeting was over, without saying a single word to any of my colleagues, I hurried to my car and I drove away, away from my overwhelming guilt. I drove anxiously to my next destination of the day: Charlotte’s Federal Prison. I wanted to see Alexei before the trial begins and I also wanted to assist the amnesia therapy that he was undergoing. It was extremely important to collect at least one piece of recollection in his memory so it could help me during the trial. I soon arrived at the prison and I made my way to the same hallway that I had one passed through. I remember very well what had happened there; there was this inmate that told me something that remained on my mind during the whole visit – and which had triggered the beginning of my skepticism. But this time, he did not enlighten me with his great sense of wisdom. I saw the look in his face once I had arrived; that smug face that wanted to remind me of who I am, Alexei Dmitriyev’s lawyer. The intentions behind that look did not intimidate me because this time, I knew that I was doing the right thing; fighting for a boy who is innocent. He thought that his look would have an impact on me but I let him know that it didn’t – firing back at him my flashing new eyes, evil eyes. He was stunned.
I entered Alexei’s private chamber and I found him lying on a long sofa, facing his shrink. I approached the session silently and I sat on a chair overseeing this therapeutic attempt for reminiscence. “Try to remember the days that have been lost,” said the psychiatrist. “Did anything significant happen then?” Alexei remained wordless; unable to remember anything that could have happened. He was trying really hard to think about something, anything that could help him revive his lost memory – in vain. The shrink then said: “Does any special name pop into your head when you’re trying to remember: someone new whom you might have met during that period?” 
 “Andre Kyrsov,” he mumbled. “Andre Kyrsov.” 
I was stunned by Alexei’s quick reaction: he actually remembered something. The psychiatrist though, was quite indifferent, as if Alexei’s mumbling was not something new to her. She then asked me to talk to her in private and she informed me that Alexei had said this name before quite recurrently – especially in his dreams. I immediately noted the name and I thanked the woman who might have dug out for me a serious piece of information. Maybe this man, Andre Kyrsov, knew something that would help me.
As I prepared myself to leave, Alexei called my name. He asked me whether I was ready for the trial and if everything was going to be fine. I laid my hand on his shoulder and I looked at his sincere eyes. I thought of all the evidence that I have discovered, all the secrets that I have unfolded and I looked at the room’s TV that still had the same headline. I looked at him and – this time meaning it – I whispered to him: “Everything will be OK.” 
Remorse; it’s the haunting feeling that reminds you of the terrible things that you have done. It follows you practically everywhere and it makes you repent your wrongdoings. I have experienced a bit of remorse at noon as I begun hallucinating impossible things that all pointed out at my guilt. Wherever I go, I carry with me a big secret and I felt at the time that it was written on my forehead; exposed to the people. Now, wrongdoers who carry a guilty conscience with them can lead to dreading hallucinations and lip-biting regrets but sometimes, we don’t all feel these kinds of repercussions. There are criminals who hold not a bit of regret over the error that they have committed and this is quite what I have been feeling today – especially when I was with Alexei. I remember very well the first time that I had visited Alexei and it also ended when I told him: “Everything will be OK.” But then, I never meant it as I recalled all the bad evidence that laid on the table against Alexei and saying it then actually provoked regret, remorse over the way I thought I had been deceiving myself. But today, when I told him that everything was going to be OK, I meant it. I saw the headline that gave me the blame but I didn’t feel remorse, no, I actually felt this weird overwhelming feeling in me that pushed me to assert to Alexei that he was in safe hands. You see, remembering everything that I have gone through triggered in me this odd sensation that would provide me strength and power. As they say, what doesn’t kill you, only makes you stronger. 
December 15
Winning; it’s the act of claiming victory in a competition. Life is full of competitions and we all take part in these contests with one common goal in mind: winning. No one ever plays to lose – because if you lack the confidence to get out there and achieve what you want, you’ll never be victorious. 	That’s why a competition can become so intense: if you have so many opponents who want that one prize as badly as you do, you’re chances of winning seem to be depending on your opponent’s own capabilities. But I know a thing or two about winning and this has helped me so much during my battles. Know this well: when you’re confident of your own capabilities, you no longer need to worry about your opponents’ abilities – because when you bring out the best in yourself, you become the best. 
 Today is D-Day; it is the day I will be pitting my wits against the DA in front of a jury and fight for my client’s innocence. I have been waiting a long time for this day to come and I have come a long way from the naïve and ignorant lawyer who used to be fooled and pushed around. I have seen danger, fought it and overcame it, and I’m not expecting recognition for everything I had gone through. The only recompense that I long is the sweet symphony of true and ideal Justice. Let Alexei walk as a free man by the end of the trial and I will be content and forgetful of the past. Deprive him of his truthful entitlement and I will live the rest of my life in bitter shame and discontent. The day has come to see if all my hard-work will pay off and whether all their hard-work will fail them. Let’s do this! 
The press was all over the place. Cameras, lights, microphones: they were everywhere. We stepped out of the car that Ms. Clark had sent to pick us up and Karl, May and I marched into the crowd. Cameramen jumped in to blind us with their cameras’ flash while reporters rushed towards us to pick up the scoop of the day. The bright sun washed away the haze that this respectable and dominating courthouse had been seeing in these early days of winter and we were able to see the whole building waiting for us to step into perhaps the most controversial federal case ever to be held in it. Among the surrounding crowd, there were the shouts of angry Charlotteans who had come all the way here to assist the trial and there were also the gazes of ordinary bystanders that varied from friendliness to disdain. But among the crowd, there were certain individuals who weren’t here to oppose us or to create a hostile atmosphere for us. These people had come all the way here to keep a promise that they had vowed to me once ago – support. There were teenagers, adults and seniors who were all waving their friendly flags and lifting pro-Alexei posters for me, for Alexei. Their presence was heart-warming and they cheered for us as we entered the courthouse. 
We soon made our way to a vast courtroom – it was it. A long hallway separated the two sets of seats for those who were going to assist the trial: on the left there were the families who have been affected by the CRF bombing and on the right, there were Alexei’s close friends, Isaak’s wife and kid and last but not least, Alexei. We crossed that hallway and we made it to our seats up front. On our left, there was Aaron, and his assistants who all seemed quite nervous and in front of us there was Magistrate Jennifer Clark, who kept her neutral composed face. “All present in the courtroom please head to your seats and remain calm,” she said. “This first session of People vs. Alexei Dmitriyev has now begun: lawyers; the floor is yours.” 
So, we began. I let Aaron start and the first thing on the agenda was Capital Punishment. Aaron who seemed as confident as ever, started: “You Honor, fellow jurers, as you all know by now, the charges that lay on the table carry the death penalty and I insist that this form of retribution should be maintained. We’ve all seen what happened almost three months ago, a bomb went off in the middle of the Renaissance Fair, killing three innocent people and maiming many others. Someone had planted this bomb in a place where children should have been playing, musicians should have been performing and ordinary bystanders should have been assisting this lively and happy carnival. But something had to ruin this event and sadly it was an explosion, an explosion that destroyed the ordinary lives of hundreds of people. Make no mistake, it is no longer a question of bringing justice to the dead or even punishing the criminal – we must take drastic measures to deter the use of weapons of mass destruction in our country. We should not and must not turn a blind eye to what happened in Charlotte three months ago and we must work on deterring further uses of these weapons in order to avoid any future incident like this one. Therefore, representing the people in this court of law, I stress that we should maintain a severe punishment like the death penalty so it can be a clear warning to any person who thinks that they can commit such a terrible act and get away with it – alive.
It was a good point made by Aaron there: in his opinion, we should carry out capital punishment on the criminal so it could be a kind of warning for any other criminal who might be thinking of doing the same. I let Karl take care of this one, he said: “Your Honor, fellow jurers, my name is Karl Williams and I am an expert in charges that carry the death penalty. I have been dealing with these kinds of situations for a long time now and although I appreciate the effort of the DA who insisted that we should deter criminals by severely punishing one of them, I strongly believe that capital punishment is not the right answer. Let me put it this way: if deterrence worked, how could Texas, which executes a dozen inmates a year, have a higher murder rate than Colorado, which has executed one murderer in more than four decades? In recent years, criminologists have carried out studies on whether the death penalty deters crimes and up until now, there is no credible evidence on such deterrence. How can we possibly justify the implementation of such punishment when we are still uncertain of its results? Scientists might say that we could, the law might say that it’s legal, but just because something is legal doesn't makes it ethical – and shouldn’t we all be reasoning ethically in this courtroom?
 I loved the way Karl said that last question; as if he wasn’t expecting any answer to it. He was quite an eloquent speaker and he certainly displayed great confidence coming up and proving his point. That story about Texas and Colorado; we hadn’t discussed it before. He said it on his own and I was very shocked to hear it. It was fantastic though: numbers are always right. Aaron, who monopolized, soon responded: “I love that you’ve brought up the notion of ethics, Mr. Williams. Ethics is all about doing the right thing and when you have a criminal who has destroyed – with all intent – the lives of hundreds of people, this sense of ethics that you’re talking about, doesn’t it compel us to punish him according to the degree of his acts? If an innocent person was killed, leave alone three, it would seem pretty reasonable and ethical to take the life of a person who’s not innocent – but responsible.” 
 Now that was not true. I’m sorry Aaron, but your eloquence in speech does not compensate your twisted principles. It was my turn to go up, and I said: “Your Honor, fellow jurers, I have listened to my colleague carefully and although we both have one common aim, I believe that there’s a better way to reach it in a more ethical way while being firm and just at the same time. Capital punishment is not the solution and I believe that if we really want to stand by our sense of ethics and moral rightness, this form of retribution should be dropped. It is true that putting an end to a Man’s life will prevent that person from committing any further harm but what would we have gained by that? We might have warned other criminals, but don’t they all already know what’s at stake? Don’t they already know that their acts will be punished in a way or another? Of course they do, and trust me; capital punishment would simply be an easy way out for them. Criminals have to punished, but they should not be murdered. We’re all yearning for justice; tell me, what justice are we getting when we are killing a person? Taking a life when a life has been taken is not justice: come on now, if we do that, what makes us better than them? If we really are better than a bunch of criminals, we shouldn’t kill them, but punish them, and we shouldn’t neglect them, but take care of them. Why are there prisons then? They’re made to let the error determine the guilt and believe me, there is no severer punishment than a guilty conscience.
I think I proved my point up there and I felt that the jury understood what I meant. It’s funny though, I thought of myself when I spoke about having a guilty conscience. What’s nice about it is that I’m certain that I wasn’t the only person who was reevaluating herself even when we’re talking about a general topic. People always refer to themselves upon judging a situation and I knew that they’ve all once had a guilty conscience to know what it can do. 
 As chitchats and discussions spread across the courtroom creating a great deal of commotion, Ms. Clark brought back silence; asking all those present to remain quiet. She also said: “Discussions over capital punishment are adjourned to a later time; we will now look into the evidence that lay on the table. Lawyers please present the set of proofs accordingly.” Aaron’s assistant – for a change – came up and presented the first piece of evidence: Alexei’s tweets. He read out the tweets which created commotion once again in the room. The jury was shocked to hear such horrible tweets that clearly announced the bombing in advance. Once he was done, I let May take up the stage and so she began: “Your Honor, fellow jurers, in the issue of these tweets, we would like to call up our first witness on the list, Jane Michelle, please come up.” 
Jane, one of Alexei’s friends, had a seat. “Jane,” she continued. “May I ask what was your reaction upon learning about these tweets?” 
 “I was greatly shocked, Ms. Yang” Jane said. 
May, whose body language and facial expressions were perfect, was walking around the podium, looking as professional as ever. “And why were you shocked my dear?” she asked. Jane also looked at ease up there even though she seemed a bit nervous when we were rehearsing the other day. “I was surprised to see these tweets in Ms. Rosamund’s hands because this is not Alexei’s own account – there are two I’s in the username.” 
 That’s when the courtroom really plunged into total chaos. Everyone was massively shocked by what the girl had just said and they all turned to the screens that compared Alexei’s account and the fake one. Ms. Clark was mortified: it might have been the first time that she sees such a farce in a court session under her surveillance. But it was Aaron’s face that had to be seen: he turned all red, embarrassed, caught in his own trap. I bet the police hadn’t told him that the evidence was that ridicule – he surely had thought they would cover this responsibly. 
 As soon as order was brought back in the room, Ms. Clark, who also seemed embarrassed, asked Aaron to pass onto the next evidence. “A less ridicule one” she slipped. Aaron’s right-hand stood up and introduced the jury to the second piece of information: the hit and run. He explained that Alexei had run over his own brother – I can’t seem to remember how he did that. When he was done, he silently got back to his seat, unconvinced by his own way of reasoning, and I got up. “Your Honor, fellow jurers,” I said. “I don’t know how I could possibly explain to you how Alexei couldn’t have run over, his own flesh and blood, the role-model he looked up to, the person that took care of him, that protected him and whom he was able to confide in – but I will do this.” 
I nodded to Ms. Clark; a sign that I would be calling forth my second witness. Among the crowd, Mrs. Jones stood up and she joined me in the front. “Mrs. Jones,” I said. “Were you there in Uptown Charlotte at the time of the incident?” She nodded, nervously. “Then can you tell me,” I continued. “If you saw Alexei running over his own brother?”
 “I vaguely remember that day Ms. O’ Hara and I may not be able to recall exactly what I saw that early dawn” she said. “But I can tell you what I didn’t see – and it’s Alexei driving.”
 The courtroom was shocked once again by what my witness had to say and the commotion was so loud that it forced Ms. Clark to use her gavel to bring back order. She failed to impose her authority on the people that were greatly shocked by everything that they’ve discovered today and thus she said: “This court session has been now adjourned.” 
 Oh how I smiled as she pronounced that sentence. I felt a great amount of relief that generated in me and I felt the urge to high-five my colleagues – and I don’t usually do high-fives. But it was OK, because there was something to celebrate about. Soon, Karl, May and I marched outside the courthouse only to be cheered once again by all those around us – this time even louder. 
 Winning; it’s a small moment of recognition after a long struggle. It takes a great deal of hard-work and perseverance to win a battle and once you do win it, you will then realize that all the work you have put in actually paid off. I’ll tell you this: hard-work always pays off. Sometimes, you think you’re wasting your time, or that things won’t work out, and these thoughts incline you to stop fighting for what you want and give up. But know this well; every time you’re about to give up, remember what had initially pushed you to step up, to work hard, to yearn for success, and imagine yourself winning – and that alone will give you the strength to continue pursuing your dreams. Even when you’re at your most vulnerable; remember that winning needs time and that you shouldn’t give up your pursuit for victory, because as they say, patience is bitter but its fruit is sweet. Should you realize that things aren’t going as planned, remember all the effort that you have once put in and recall all your past victories. Here’s something about being vanquished after inconsistent efforts; what’s nice about inconsistency is that at one point, you were consistent – and that you can always get back to such level. 
December 17
 Losing; it’s the act of resigning to defeat.We have all lost at least a few battles in life and losing does not leave in us a great feeling. When we lose, we could feel vanquished; unable to take another step forth, and we could also feel angry, wanting to take that step – even if it’s no longer during the game. It is only natural for one to be frustrated after losing and those who don’t feel a bit of anger or bitterness at least are usually people who remain indifferent whether they’ve lost or won. Now, there are different kinds of losses; we could lose when we give up, we could fail to win when we just don’t give it all we’ve got and sometimes, we could face defeat after a long struggle full of ups and downs. That’s what a competition – or life – is all about: you cherish the good moments but you have to also accept the bad ones. Winning is when you reach your longed aim and losing is when you fail to reach it and you should know that in life, you win or lose – and that the difference is just an eyelash. 
 The second court session was held today and after the brilliant start last time, I was pretty excited to carry on this success. On that debut session, I was able to accomplish what I have been longing to do for a very long time. The death penalty charge was on the brink of being dropped, the sets of evidence against Alexei were successfully refuted and this whole case was perfectly being unwrapped according to plan. The jury sensed that there was something suspicious, Ms. Clark seemed convinced of what she had heard from my side and the whole courtroom had begun to discover a glimpse of the great truth. But my dreams and reveries had to halt for a little while as I might have won the battle then, but I certainly hadn’t won the war. I had to take another step forth, attack the enemy once more until they succumb to frailty. And so; Karl, May and I entered the courtroom once again in hopes that we leave it with the loud cheers of everyone who has been supporting us since day one. 
As the trial commenced peacefully that morning, Aaron started the session with another piece of evidence up his sleeve: the tape. His assistant set up the video while Aaron explained what it was about. He unusually stressed several times that it had been issued by the police and he seemed pretty nervous while he was explaining – unlike the bursting confidence that he had yesterday. He was anxious, as if he was up to something, and his uneasiness clearly showed that it was no good news. Once he was done with a great bunch of lies, I took the floor and I said quite frankly: “Your Honor, fellow jurers, although I appreciate that the police has found this tape so it could help us, I believe that such video cannot be classified as worthy evidence to consider or a credible one. The image frequency of this tape is unbearably low, the picture is of poor quality and the scene is truly imperceptible. Look closely, that person over here; doesn’t he have three legs instead of two? At least that’s what I’m seeing. What about that woman in the corner, isn’t the color of her skin too pale, unusually white? Or why don’t we look at that man in the center, he’s bending too, why couldn’t he be the real culprit? Your honor, this video is clearly something we should not look into and it absolutely does not have the satisfactory standards to be able to stand in court, leave alone to be considered.”
Ms. Clark seemed offended by that last sentence. Well, I do believe that she should have rejected the idea of the video before but I’m glad that I was able to convince her then that she should have. The tweets, then the tape, I was practically humiliating the lady, though she seemed cool with it – proving the truth was clearly something she enjoyed. Soon, Aaron passed onto the last evidence report that we have received. He reminded the jury about the shooting that occurred between the Dmitriyevs and the police in Uptown Charlotte and he asserted to them that Alexei had killed Anderson Olivera and then when he was alone in the boat, he asserted, that he had attempted suicide. It’s funny; Aaron seemed as if he was stating facts – that I had no possible way of refuting what he was saying. As soon as he was done, I asked Ms. Clark to let in the next witness on my list. When she agreed, the doors of the trial opened widely: letting in a person who had protested the idea of showing up: the officer that I met at the station the other day. I expected him to say what he knew but it wasn’t easy to convince him – I had to bring up his sense of humanity and justice. I was glad that he showed up after all. Once he had a seat, I approached him and I began: “Mr. Jackson, I thank you for having accepted to come up. Since you are a policeman, I’d like to ask you about the day of the shooting. You were there; can you tell us whether you’ve seen Alexei killing Anderson Olivera?” 
The officer was hesitant and very nervous up there: I really thought he was going to take back his promise of revealing the truth. He remained speechless for a while until I repeated to him the question, and so he said: “No, I didn’t see him do it and I know that he hadn’t done it – because he was armless.” 
The man’s last utterances echoed in the courtroom: leaving everyone in great shock once again. “Armless you say?” I continued. “Then that immediately rules out the possibility that Alexei Dmitriyev had attempted to take his own life. Thank you.”
I walked back to my seat: letting the jury digest what they had just learned. But then I remembered something I told myself this morning. I was thinking this morning that this officer will no longer be safe should he show up. I knew that the police wouldn’t like backstabbers and although Stanley was dead, I couldn’t take the risk of letting that innocent officer pay the price of having said the truth to me. So, I turned to Ms. Clark and as the officer was getting ready to leave, I told her: “Your Honor, I also want my witness to be immediately signed up for a witness protection program by a private NGO non-affiliated with any external source, including the authorities.” I said that and I returned to my seat silently – until I heard loud screams. It was the officer who refused any sort of program. “You told me I was safe without a protection program Rosamund!”he yelled. I was shocked by the policeman’s behavior and I swore that he was about to attack me hadn’t he been held by the guards. Everyone in the courtroom gazed upon this terrible scene in which I was the center of attention – in total humiliation.
The session soon resumed and Aaron took on the floor once more. I was shocked to see him taking the initiative once more as I knew that there were no more evidence reports that had to be shared. What did he possibly want to add? Could he have something else up his sleeve? Was that why he was nervous at the beginning? A lot of questions were turning in my head and I was scared that they had the wrong kind of answers. Aaron soon clarified: “Moving onto the next crucial evidence that lay on the table: an unusual amount of calls were intercepted between Alexei and his brother during the fair. 17 phone calls to be more precise, 17 phone calls were made between the two brothers in the space of 3 hours. Why would they call each other so frequently at that particular time – noting that this number of phone calls is equal to that made between them over one full month before the fair. They came together to that fair but they had to split for 3 hours. What were they doing on their own during this period of time? Besides constantly calling each other, I’m truly unaware of their intentions then, but all I know is that 17 phone calls were made and that number is more than suspicious.” 
 I was terrifyingly shocked by what Aaron had just said. I looked at him speaking: not knowing from where he had dug up these deceitful lies, these horrible numbers. But my astonishment couldn’t last any longer for it soon transformed into fury. “Wait, wait,” I said. “Since when has that been verified as evidence? Why wasn’t I told about this before?” I was furious, unaware of how I was going to deal with this new stunt. Then, I saw the jury talking to each other and taking notes after what Aaron had said – and that’s when I suddenly lost my mind. “Hold on,” I shouted. “Why am I hearing whispers over there? You can’t be possibly taking this into consideration –” 
The attempt to express the overwhelming rage inside of me was immediately interrupted by Ms. Clark who was furiously annoyed by my insolence in the courtroom. “Ms. O’ Hara, please behave” she shouted, hammering her gavel. I was shocked by Ms. Clark’s angry reaction. Didn’t she hear what I had just said? No one ever told me about this damn new evidence and I remained there, seated, powerless.
Losing; it’s the bitter feeling of disappointment. Defeat is no easy thing to admit and it happens to us so often that we sometimes forget how to deal with it. I still can’t believe what I had done in that courtroom today. The way I behaved, the way I screamed at the jury, you would think that I had lost my mind. But I just couldn’t stop that monster from getting out of me – it was too overwhelming. I showed everyone another side of me today – the bitter person I can become. Why that bitterness? Well, it’s not just because I faced defeat today – but also because I had tasted victory once before. I’d like to repeat what I had previously said: in life, you could win or lose – and the difference is an eyelash. That is very true: you could be the winner at the moment but you might be the loser in the end. That’s why we have to build on our victories and not rest on our laurels because at any moment, you might lose and everything you have done before becomes meaningless. Now, there’s a huge relationship between winning and losing and I could stay all day citing them, but I’d like to point out one factor that determines whether we end up winning or losing. You see, I was a winner before entering the courtroom, but I left the room as a loser. What could have possibly changed? Now, if you’d like a precious piece of advice from me, I’d tell you to never express your happiness upon winning. I’d even tell you to completely avoid winning, why is that? Well, let me tell you the truth about winning: you might not know it, but every time you win, you’re inviting the bitter bad losers – who would do just about anything to turn the tables on you. 
December 20
Dedication; it’s the quality of being committed to a purpose. We all have a purpose in life: some of us are keen to bring out the best in themselves and succeed in their professional lives while others make promises to change for the better. Dedication is needed to accomplish any purpose in life: you should be committed to the cause and enthusiastic to what the future might hold. With perseverance, you can not only reach your goal – but maintain it as well. Dedication is a quality that we all should work on and sometimes it only requires a strong will and an optimistic view of the future. Now, they say that hard-work always pays off but then again; what about competitors who are all working hard for a related purpose; whose hard work will be paying off in the end? 
 Before the court session opened its doors this afternoon, I had decided to search for evidence. After last session’s failure and humiliation, I realized that things weren’t going well and that I	had to take action before it was too late. I was still mad about the new evidence that emerged and the fact that I was kept in the dark about it and thus, I had to take the initiative of digging up the dirt once again. I didn’t have any evidence to refute and so, I needed something that wouldn’t attack the DA’s claims – but that backs my own. I couldn’t think of anywhere to go until a name popped in my mind: Andre Kyrsov. It wasn’t a familiar name to me but it clearly was to Alexei who kept on muttering it. I made a little research about that man and I got hold of his home address. He was Ukrainian like Alexei, from Drohobych too; they probably are related. So, in the morning, I left the house before my parents woke up and I drove to the address that I had copied on a piece of paper. 
Soon, I was in front of a small building that held very few apartments. I stepped out of my car and I made it to the 3rd floor. I hesitated upon knocking on the door: what could I tell him? I wasn’t even sure that this man could help. Alexei did mutter his name but that didn’t mean he had any valuable information for me. He could even be dangerous, I thought. Though, my hesitation didn’t last too long for I knew very well that this man was a person of interest and that he just might have something for me, and so I rang the bell. After ringing twice, a paled-skin man who had only his briefs on and a bottle of vodka in hand opened the door. I was shocked to see the man in such condition and as I had a glance at his apartment, I saw that it was as messy as he was. I introduced myself timidly and he let me in. By the looks I was giving him, he knew that he had to wear something and drop the bottle. Thank God he was still sober – I must have interrupted him in the middle of his little private party. The man soon had a seat while I remained standing; fearing what these dusty old couches might have been concealing underneath. I immediately told him why I had come to him and I asked him if he knew anything about the day of the bomb. His answer was disappointing, yet predictable. “Can’t recall anything ma’am,” he said. “I was probably stoned badly when the bomb occurred. 
I felt quite sad hearing the man’s answer; I had put my hopes up for nothing. I looked at the man dreamily, absentmindedly: thinking of what I could have done else. Then, without paying attention, I pushed a big bottle of vodka from the counter. The glass burst immediately as the bottle had hit the ground and the crash brought back my consciousness. I instantly asked for pardon though the man didn’t quite take my sincere words into consideration – yelling at me furiously. He tossed a few cursing Ukrainian words at me and then said: “Thank you for ruining my birthday gift; from the Dmitriyevs too!” 
That’s when I paused. What Andre had just said made me look back at a little detail I had seen this morning when I carried out an extensive background check about him. It was a date; his birthdate. And what had clanged on my mind then was the familiarity of the date – it was during the same day as the bombing. I immediately linked those two dates after Andre mentioned his birthday and once he said that Isaak and Alexei got him a gift for that day; an emerging, hopeful feeling aroused inside of me. “Wait,” I suddenly said. “When did the Dmitriyevs get you this present?” 
 “The same day,” he promptly said. “They visit me on my birthday every year and that visit usually lasts from sunrise till sunset; bunch of clingers eh!” 
Sunrise till sunset, sunrise till sunset. The man’s voice resonated in my head as I tried to assimilate what I had just discovered. Oh what have I just discovered! Andre said that Alexei and Isaak visit him every year for his birthday – which fell this year on the day of the bombing. They had brought him a gift and they hanged out with him all day – and the bomb went off in the middle of the day. Oh God, I had just found Alexei an alibi; he had an alibi! 
A euphoric feeling exploded from me; rejoicing the relieving finding that I had just discovered. My lips couldn’t hide my teeth anymore; I had to smile and express the joy that my heart could no longer contain. That joy; I had been longing for so long to meet it, to feel it. During that happy moment, I felt this overwhelming sensation that told me, reassuringly; you have done a great job, Rosamund, well done. I felt so proud of myself; delighted of everything I had achieved since day one and fulfilled in the mission I had accomplished with great dedication. 
Andre was shocked of my sudden enthusiasm and he inquired about it. I told him exactly why I was happy and I eagerly said to him: “Today the whole world will hear the truth – and you are going to tell it to them.” I immediately phoned Ms. Clark; requesting her to add Andre to my witness list. As soon as I hung up, I regained my buzzing appearance and I headed fashionably early to the trial with my head held high. I had given Andre the address of the courthouse and I asked him not to be late. 
At 4 o’ clock, the courthouse opened its doors and everyone got to their seats ahead of another intense trial session. As soon as Ms. Clark had made it to her thrown-like chair, she hammered her gavel as a sign of commencement. The cheers of everyone outside were kept quiet after the door had been closed and the room plunged into total silence: ready to make some noise of its own. Ms. Clark soon asked me to stand up and to join her up there. She made sure of the name of my witness and once I confirmed it to her, she said out loud: “Mr. Andre Kyrsov, you are the next witness for lawyer Rosamund O’ Hara, please come up.” 
My excitement still hadn’t faded and I was buzzing of joy up there. I kept on smiling; waiting for my man to barge in on this courtroom and tell everyone the truth, the whole truth. I imagined the look in their faces, the stunned faces among the jury, the vanquished eyes of Aaron and the proud look of Ms. Clark because I had served justice. I got lost in my reveries up there; thinking of glory. Though, my dreamily air was suddenly halted by Ms. Clark’s utterances, she said: “Mr. Kyrsov, please come up.” 
I immediately looked around me as I woke up from my utopic dreams. I had a glance at the witness chair: it was vacant, and I had another one at the door: it remained closed. I stood there, reactionless, unaware of what was happening. Ms. Clark waved her hand at my distant eyes: wanting to ask where my witness was. I showed her a blank face and I looked at everyone present in the courtroom. They were all shocked of my odd behavior; expecting me to react. While they were all staring at me, gazing upon me so curiously, it then hit me. Something had crossed my mind and it left in me a huge scare: and that’s when I reacted; storming out of the courtroom abruptly. 
As I exited the courthouse, the whole crowd that waited outside was shocked to see me. Their cheers had been transformed into whispers; asking each other why I was outside the courtroom. The cameras soon flashed in my eye and crazy reporters rushed towards me curiously: I passed by them hurriedly and I immediately got into my car and drove away. A lot of images were turning in my head then: picturing what could have happened. But I couldn’t believe them – or admit them. A great fear generated in me and the stress was about to kill me as I drove like a real madwoman – thank God it takes two to make an accident. Soon, I made it safely to a small building that contained very few apartments. I made it to the 3rd floor and I rushed to the door. As my hand reached out to the door bell, I noticed that the door was slightly open. I pushed it abruptly and I hurried past the living room screaming Andre’s name. Then, as I reached the veranda, there I saw him, lying on the ground. I jumped on him suddenly and I laid my hand on his neck. There was no pulse; the man was dead. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing and I looked around me; trying to figure out what had happened. I looked around me and that’s when I realized what was going on. I saw the wrecked home, the broken glass on the floor and the displaced furniture, and I remembered that I had seen this before. I looked at the blood that leaked from the man’s nose and I remembered that I had also seen this before. I saw myself lying on the floor next to a corpse and again, I felt that the situation was familiar. Yes, it was all deja vu, though here, I knew very well that this was no coincidence, at all. 
Dedication; it’s the strong will to keep on doing something until one’s goal is achieved. We talk a lot about dedication and how a hero needs it to accomplish their purpose. Perseverance is a necessity for heroes, because it keeps them on the right track. Without it, heroes will always feel the temptation to give up, surrender halfway and stop their long pursuit. This temptation lures their weaknesses; whether it is a hidden fear or a seductive exit plan. That’s why heroes need to be dedicated and committed to the cause they’re pursuing, and that’s what I have been doing. Since day one, I have never given up hope, surrendered or let my arms down. Sure, I’ve had my share of setbacks and temptations, but in the end, here I am, standing on my bare feet after such a long journey full of surprises. I have endured so much and I always thought that hard-work always pays off. But today, as I lied their on the ground next to the body, I was reminded of a sad truth that scares any person who is ready to embark on a journey that rivals more than themselves. Success requires perseverance for a hero and persistence for a villain – which is unfortunately something the latter would never be tempted to lose.
December 21 
A fallen hero; it’s the person who falls just before they reach the Promised Land. The Promised Land is a place or condition that promises final satisfaction or realization of hopes. It’s a state that no longer revolves around worry or fear: you will have achieved what you have been pursuing and the moment would have come for you to be recognized for your efforts. It seems quiet utopic; to finally achieve some of the dreams that keep us going in our everyday lives. Now, sometimes, people fail to accomplish their goals and after all they have been through, they fall. They fall and usually, the harder they have worked, the bigger the fall. It’s like a bridge that falls apart just before its inauguration: everything had been perfectly built until this last unit that had been misplaced causes the crumbling of the whole bridge. That’s pretty much how a hero falls: they had fought restlessly, bravely, till the very last minute, until one error, one miscalculation, led to their own downfall and the sad truth is that all their achievements, all their hard-work, end up being forgotten just because that error deprived them from entering the Promised Land. 
The term has been at the tip of my tongue all morning: fallen hero. It was probably because my brother phoned me yesterday and during our long conversation, he told me about a football player who has recently suffered a career-ending injury just before this year’s World Cup. I knew the player quite well as he was my brother’s favorite footballer since he was an adolescent. He can be a real obsessed fan, my brother. He has been following that player for fifteen years and he never missed a game in which he played. So, the news must have affected him quite profoundly after all these years. I was also shocked, even a little sad. You see, in a career that spanned over 17 years, that player never won a major trophy. He’s always been a runner up in competitions, a bride’s maid, and nevertheless, he was always able to push these setbacks aside and go into one competition after another, hunting for that one piece of silverware. He has done so much all these years and everyone thought he was finally about to be recognized for his continuing efforts when the World Cup drew near. His national team has been as productive as ever, his experience and skills were in their peak and he was raring to go and get what he wanted. But then came that nasty injury, crushing all his remaining hopes – and that of my brother – and it forced him to retire without a single worthy medal. Now that’s a fallen hero and his story definitely leaves in us mixed feelings. He fell just before reaching the Promised Land and now, all his past achievements, all his successes will never be remembered; that fall will – just because of this opportunity that got away. 
At around noon, I went to the courthouse for the last time. Yes, it was the last session and the judgment was going to be made tonight. I was still wandering whether true justice was going to be made then even after what happened in Andre’s house. I was still in dire strait today as I constantly thought about that awful scene, when I was lying on the ground next to him, the only person who could have saved Alexei. I didn’t have any other way to prove to the jury that Alexei is innocent or to refute any of the DA’s claims, and thus I decided that I had to come up and address their hearts rather than their minds. Well, the heart does feel things that reason cannot. 
I was soon in the courthouse along with my lawyers and we made it to our seats. Once Ms. Clark hit the gavel, we were into session and I was up next. She asked me about my witness and I told her that there was a change of plans but that I would still come up. I got up and I stood in front of the jurers and I looked at each and every one them, innocently, armless, in the hopes of earning one last hurrah. I began: “As you all know, the trial is about to come to an end and all of you present will be making a judgment tonight to determine if Alexei Dmitriyev is guilty or innocent. I have given you everything I know and they might not be enough to prove that Alexei is innocent but at least it casts doubts on whether he is guilty. And maybe you know that, but to condemn a person, the evidence against them should be beyond a reasonable doubt. I will not interfere in your judgment, nor will I sob or moan when it’s made, because I have faith in all of you. I have faith that you people will serve the values that you share and the standards that you look up to, and that you will bring true justice in this courtroom. That’s the whole point; all of us, we should only be seeking justice, if not, we’re then letting other people oppress us and cause injustice. Do we want that; do we want to see injustice? No, we don’t and my last piece of advice to you all is that if you want to exercise good judgment, you need to find the truth, not in your mind, but in your hearts. Don’t let yourself be deceived by anything – because you must know that there’s a life on the line.” 
 After that last deliberation, I went back to my seat, hoping that I done enough. Soon, Aaron came up for his turn that he had been waiting for quite nervously. I had seen that anxiety and well, I knew that it meant trouble. “Your honor, fellow jurers,” he said. “I just received breaking information from the laboratory down town. After having searched the house of Isaak this morning, tests have confirmed that the bomb had been indeed made in his own home and –” 
I couldn’t take it anymore; these lies were just too overwhelming. I was fed up and I couldn’t stay seated in my place without a single word of protestation; agreeing to what was being said. “Oh come on,” I interrupted. “You cannot come up every day with new ‘breaking’ news that always seem to be on your side. I’m fed up with these games Aaron, and what if the bomb had been made in Isaak’s house, my damn client is still –”
Then, the unpredictable happened; God I shouldn’t have said that. Linda, who was among those attending, shouted out loud: “So you’re now giving the blame to my husband!” I was shocked by Linda’s brusque comment that left me petrified. She immediately stormed out of the courtroom and I mumbled, “Alexei is innocent, Alexei is innocent.” Aaron then approached me, laid his hand on my shoulder and he finally said out loud: “And we found Alexei’s finger prints.” He distributed the report to the jurers and I looked at him with sickening eyes, disgusted by the lie he had just said and later, by the way it had been believed. 
Ms. Clark hit her gavel twice and she then announced: “This debate has now ended: we now move onto establishing the judgment.” 
Everyone in the courtroom headed to the exit in order to let the jury make its final decision. Karl and May patted me on the shoulder; comforting me that we had done as much as we could. They led me to the exit and I sat on a bench next to the courthouse; waiting for the night to descend upon the city. I stayed there; drowning in my thoughts. During that moment, I saw my whole adventure in a heartbeat; every little detail from the moment George Oliver had given me the case till Ms. Clark’s last gavel hit. I saw the whole journey, and oh how it has been a long one. 
 When the moon had risen above us, we all made our way back to the courthouse one last time to listen to the jury’s verdict. May held my hand firmly, Aaron bit his lip tightly and even Ms. Clark was on the edge of her seat. The whole courtroom plunged into total silence; waiting for the final judgment. The clock was ticking and we all remained intrigued, anxious, worried over the result, until a man among the jury soon stood up and he said, oh what he said: 
“Your Honor, this jury has reached a unanimous decision in the prosecution of Alexei Dmitriyev in which it has found him guilty in a 30-count indictment that includes 17 charges carrying the death penalty – a sentence that is hereby upheld.”
Immediately, uproar escalated in the courtroom after the jury’s verdict and everyone started shouting their opinions; yelling at those who had a different one. Aaron sighed of relief, Ms. Clark hit her gavel to restore order, while I felt a great dizziness perturbing my mind and then I fell, how I fell.
A fallen hero; it’s the person who falls after a setback that they cannot overcome. There are so many fallen heroes in the world; people who have fought with intrepidity and bravery, endured with perseverance and consistency and won battle after battle – only to lose the war. Hearing their stories do leave in us mixed feelings; wandering whether our own successes might be one day destroyed by one mistake, one error that can change everything. I am a fallen hero; I have been fighting for Alexei’s innocence since the day I saw his beautiful eyes, these sincere eyes and I held on to the bit of hope that remained in my heart; believing that one day, the tables will turn and all my efforts will be paid off. But that didn’t happen; everything I have done, everything I have endured, has been tarnished away by that cruel verdict, that verdict made by misled people that have believed the lies of bad men who have triumphed in the end. I am a fallen hero, but you know, it doesn’t matter, because there’s another fallen hero in this story. He’s a fallen hero because his fall is irredeemable – a fall that will never let him pick himself up. Alexei Dmitriyev is an innocent soul who is going to suffer the harshest punishment – and he is the Fallen Hero. 
December 22
Death; it’s the end of a person’s life. It’s quite the age-old question; what does it feel like to die? People die every day and while some of them pass away peacefully in their beds, others are reserved to more painful deaths. Diseases, terrorist attacks, wars and natural disasters; these are only a few common catastrophes that take hundreds of lives when they happen. Some of these occurrences might be preventable but most of them can’t be stopped or predicted. There are millions of reasons for dying in this world and that’s why we have to look for the reasons to live. Death is part of life and although none of us is aware of how it feels like to die, we all believe that when it happens to us, we’ll be dying in peace, having done everything we could to pursue happiness and to use our unique life to the full. Though, it doesn’t really matter when we die because sometimes the most painful deaths are those that happen to people other than ourselves. 
 I’ve read a short story this morning: Claude Gueux. It’s a really nice book written by Victor Hugo and well, I could relate to it quite well. It was about a man named Claude Gueux who was sent to prison for having stolen bread and wood to feed his wife and kid and to keep them warm. Once incarcerated, he became friends with another con and their friendship sprouted until the officer of the prison, a person who was jealous of Claude’s authority over his inmates, decided to send away his pal. Claude, furious of his decision, tried to reason with him, but the officer wouldn’t accept – and so Claude killed him. Afterwards, Gueux was called up in a court of law and he was given the death penalty – which results in the protagonist’s death. Now the interesting points of this story are the comments made by Hugo later on. He asked the reader to think about Claude Gueux’s story critically.Look at Claude Gueux. An intelligent and most noble-hearted man, placed in the midst of evil surroundings, he turned thief. Society placed him in a prison where the evil was yet greater, and he ended up becoming a murderer. Can we really blame him, or ourselves? Hugo is not a fault there; we do live in an unfair society that makes us commit ugly things. It’s the circumstances that lead us into the error and that error leads us to our own downfall. To whom do we give the blame for such circumstances? As Hugo said – ourselves. 
I went to see Alexei today and God it was emotional. As I was guided to his chamber, I kept on thinking about what I could tell him. What could you possibly say to a person who is about to die? Do you comfort them; tell them that they’re going to be in a better place? Or do you just give them that pitying gaze; the one that completely destroys them just before dying? I was going to visit an innocent man who was about to be murdered – a crime that he knew was going to happen and which he was powerless to stop. I was going to visit a boy who only months ago, was just like any other. He was just another teenager, who was ready to face the world, to live a life full of ups and downs, of happy and sad moments, of laughter, struggle and despair. He hasn’t lived yet; he hasn’t known the true meaning of life yet, of love, of fatherhood and of wisdom. What stopped him from pursuing happiness? People did; those who pursued the wrong kind of happiness. 
Once I saw him, I rushed to him immediately and I held him tight, so tight. I held him close and I let him feel warmth, secure in my hands – at least for a moment. I didn’t want to let go, as if I was embracing a son, and he truly was like a son to me – a son that I was about to lose. I then looked at him in the eye, in these sincere eyes, and as I burst into tears, I whispered to him: “I’m sorry.” I cried on his shoulder while it was my shoulder that was there to be cried on. He patted me in the back, letting me know that I had tried my best. God, I couldn’t believe it; the boy hadn’t shed a single tear. He just couldn’t cry; why would he? Why would a person who did nothing wrong cry? I would have cried if I were him – cried of injustice. 
I held his hand; unwilling to let go. But soon, I had to. Two men entered the room; asking Alexei to come with them. “No!” I screamed. “No, no, no.” I couldn’t let go of his hands, of these tender hands. I kept on screaming; wanting this terrible nightmare to end; that these two men would go away and leave us alone. But they didn’t go and they made another step forth. I continued yelling, “don’t take him away,” and I kept holding Alexei’s hand. But he looked at me, he looked at me with these beautiful eyes and he let go. He let go of my arm and he pushed me away with all sincerity. I tried to get back to him, to hold him back, but he didn’t let me. He approached the two men and he waved at me. He waved at me and he was soon taken away by the two men – and I never waved back. 
 Death; it’s simply the end of a bumpy road. It comes so fast that it never leaves us a chance to truly say goodbye. The most painful deaths are those that happen to people whom are close to us. When these people die, we begin to question ourselves: was I always fair to them? Was I always good to them, or have I ever taken them for granted? We take people for granted, we really do, and we should stop because before we know it, these people are gone – and we aren’t left a chance to say goodbye, a proper one. You know, it’s not hard to die when you know that you had lived. That’s why we shouldn’t take life for granted either because it might be taken away from us at any moment. Now, dying after having seen so much is not that bad but dying after having seen so little is cruel. I don’t understand it; why young people, people who are ready to conquer the world and achieve their dreams, are reserved to such a dark fate? I’m talking to you, God. Why do you do this to them? When you strike us with a hurricane, with a storm, why do you take away from us our children, our innocent children? What have they done wrong to suffer such a fate? Why them, why? Death is a part of life that leaves us bewildered with questions higher than us especially when it happens to people other than ourselves but what’s even more tragic about Death is that it always leaves us completely powerless. 
December 23
Power and Justice; there’s a special, inevitable and equivocal relationship between them. Power is the ability to direct or influence the behavior of others or the course of events, while Justice is a concept of moral rightness based on ethics, fairness and law. There are a lot of words that are derived from these two concepts. Powerful is the adjective that describes the person who holds the power and powerless is the adjective that describe those who hold no power. Just is the right term to label the people who use their good sense of ethics to make a right judgment and Injustice is the unpleasant condition of being unfairly treated or having one’s right violated. Power and Justice are two concepts that are present in our everyday lives and people naturally use them – and abuse them. I don’t know about your story, but I’m going to tell you about my own journey; the adventure in which I saw Power, Justice, the Powerful, the Just, the Powerless and Injustice. 
Power is the ability of making things possible. It is a form of strength that a person holds which empowers them: giving them options. These options – like any options you have in life – are based on two moral grounds: good and bad. A person might exercise their power for a benevolent purpose – or for a bad one. I witnessed power used immorally practically everywhere during my long journey. For starters, do you remember the troubles I had with the people of Charlotte? They were prejudice about Alexei, even delusional and thus they abused him continuously; like the time they refused to have his brother Isaak buried in the city. Such event has taught me that the beliefs of the masses can be dangerous because not only does their number make them powerful but also since their beliefs instantly become the norm of society and it lures more people to their sides – making all those opposed, the delusional ones. 
 I remember that Aaron once used his power to intimidate me: when he followed me in the streets one day. He imposed his menacing look on me and he scrutinized me with his humungous eyes that were alert to the least fearful emotion that might have wandered in me. He wasn’t the only person who used his intimidating appearance to get what he wanted; Dan Stanley was also a perfect example of that awful way of manipulation when he bullied Alexei into incriminating himself by depriving him from his Miranda rights. He was a ruthless officer whose gaze could instantly melt away your defenses. He knew what he was doing was wrong; he knew that it was unethical; but he still did it to get what he wanted. That behavior is similarly applicable to the way he stopped me from traveling to Ukraine; he was a cop and he abused his authority on me by sneaking in a bottle of Whiskey in my car in order to arrest me. 
Dan Stanley didn’t stop there; for he was a man of honor and he wanted to protect his institution. That will of covering up what had been done by one of his colleagues and that high rank that he held as the Officer of Charlotte’s Police Station led him into taking on the driving seat and do ugly things. All the evidence reports that he issued were mere lies and the sad truth was that they were systematically believed by the jury because they were issued by him, a trusted source of reference. These lies weren’t enough though, for I was the only person who dared to doubt them. He was annoyed of my bravery and thus he exploited the hierarchy that I belonged to by asking George Oliver to dismiss me. That wicked scheme was in vain and so, he opted to take more serious measures to stop me. He wrecked my home, he sent people to assault my father, he killed my dear Zorro and when all of these attempts failed – he tried to kill me. Dan Stanley was a powerful man and without a doubt, he abused that power. 
 Unfortunately, the conspiracy didn’t require Dan Stanley to carry it out. When he was dead, I thought that all the lies were finally about to cease. However, to my great surprise, more lies and falsehoods came my way during the trial. This revealed the power that the police station held as they wanted to continue what Stanley had left behind. Though, their capabilities were truly shown when I was lying on the ground next to the body. I had found Alexei an alibi and the police immediately found out my discovery – and they decided to get rid of it. This proved to me that Stanley might have been the bad cop in this story who would do just about anything to get what he wanted – but that there were many like him who would do just about the same. 
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions and it revolves around the truth and the right way of things. Justice might not be seen but what we can see are the just people who believe in it. During my journey, I have seen people who believed in moral rightness and fairness and who did what they could to preserve such values. Magistrate Jennifer Clark is the perfect example. 
I have considered Ms. Clark as an ally since the very beginning because I shared her values and both of us had one main purpose – and it is seeking Justice. Not only did her wisdom confirm to me that she was a good person but so did her actions. When Stanley violated Alexei’s right to council, she was the only person who stepped in and confronted him. You could just imagine Stanley’s face when she barged in on him: total humiliation. This wasn’t the only act of bravery that proved to me that Ms. Clark was a hero. When Mr. Oliver had relieved me from my duties; who was the person who refused that wrong dismissal? It was Ms. Clark, who had denied this request because she believed that it was wrong and that it would affect the aim she was trying to reach: Justice. 
 Now, Ms. Clark wasn’t the only person who believed in Justice. Aaron also believed in it and his change of behavior proved that he was ashamed of his initial acts and that he was trying to redeem them by acting professionally; a trait suitable for a lawyer who truly wanted to seek Justice. Those two eye-witness accounts were also people who wanted to do the right thing – and whose confessions were a step forward towards Justice. Karl and May should also be mentioned because they were lawyers who agreed not to be paid so they can help me achieve Justice upon Alexei.
Trust me, there are a lot of people out there who still believe in the rights things and I saw them when I marched into that courthouse the other day. People who have supported Alexei since the very beginning, those who believed he was being unfairly treated by the masses; that minority wasn’t afraid to show up on the day of the trial to cheer for him. Everyone who supported Alexei believed in Justice and their letters to me proved so. Speaking of letters, let us not forget the anonymous one that I also received. It constituted a warning to me; cautioning me from what was happening around me. I later found out that it was John – a man who believed in Justice– who had sent me the letter in an attempt to warn me from what his colleagues had done. I can go on all day citing people who believe in this great concept of moral rightness, like me. Why do you think that I have embarked on this long and hectic journey? Why have I adopted a law career in the first place? It was all truly because I believed in the higher cause: Justice.
So, I just named a few events in which I have witnessed Power and Justice. Though, recalling them wasn’t the only thing that I want to do here for I am also keen on making a point. You see, during this long adventure, I have learned that there is a relationship that exists between the Powerless and the Powerful, the Powerful and Injustice, the Just and Justice – and Power and Justice. 
The Powerful has the ability to cause Injustice and the absence of that Justice leaves us Powerless. 
You’ve all seen what happened to Alexei. He was an innocent person who was convicted for a crime he did not commit. What’s the reason behind this cruel sense of Injustice? It was Power, the overwhelming power that the police station held. Stanley and his colleagues were covering up what they had done and they abused their authority to frame Alexei and give him the blame. This shows the impact Power can have on Justice and this Injustice leaves us all powerless, unable to act. Tell me, who triumphed in the end? The Powerful. 
My story might have left you bitterly lamenting over the Injustice you’ve all witnessed, but there is no need to lose hope just yet – because trust me, there is a happy ending. I want you to remember again all the Injustice that have happened since day one but this time, ask yourself whether they had an impact on you. Cite again all the people that believed in Justice but this time, ask how. How did you figure out that these people truly believed in it? 
 Well, the truth is that the people who believe in Justice will react when it is absent. You’ve seen Ms. Clark; she knew that what Stanley did was wrong and that’s why she decided to step in. Or Aaron; he knew that what he did was wrong and so he stopped trying to intimidate me and he quickly went back pursuing our common aim. What made him change his mind? What compelled Ms. Clark to interfere? Go ask these same questions to John, or Karl and May, or those two witnesses, what compelled them to step up for what they believed in? You can ask me. Why have I been doing this? Why have I put myself into danger to come all this way? The answers of all these questions make one happy ending. 
You see, Power might cause Injustice but Injustice always leaves a rebellious feeling in us that compels us to restore Justice – and that my friends, is Power. 
