LUCK for HIRE

Katherine & Eric Nabity
Published by Entangled Continua Publishing at Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Eric & Katherine Nabity


Discover other titles by Katherine & Eric Nabity at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/katenab

Cover Art:
Picture of New York skyline: Empire_State_Building3_Dec.2005.jpg
by Robert Young (New York) at Wikimedia Commons (robertpaulyoung)
https://www.flickr.com/photos/robertpaulyoung/73841213/
Picture of Las Vegas Strip: Las Vegas 89.jpg
by Anonymous (Lasvegaslover) at Wikimedia Commons


Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Table of Contents
1 – Fishing Trip
2 – Mr. Howell
3 – Shell Game
4 – Daily Bread
5 – Lucky Mickey
6 – Sick Day Homework
7 – Luck Scores a Client
8 – Meeting the Game Master
9 – Mr. Borhan and Ms. Kendricks go to New York
10 – Predatory Flower
11 – Fashionably Late
12 – Sea of Humanity
13 – Sunk Cost
14 – East Coast All-Stars
15 – Lucky Hyrax
16 – Arms Deal
17 – The Luck-Stall Equilibrium
18 – Professional Consultation
19 – Behind the Curve
20 – Romeo to the Rescue
21 – Crossfire
22 – Showdown with the F.B.I.
23 – The Departure of Party #2
24 – 'X' Marks the Spot
25 – Communications
26 – Another Use For A Gun
27 – Calling Station
28 – External Affairs
29 – Fold Equity
30 – Queen Me?
31 – Boston, Meet New York
32 – Still Not Dead Yet
33 – Byline
34 – As Luck Would Have It
35 – Ed Talks
36 – Lucky Consultant
37 – Market Manipulation
38 – The House of Cardman Falls Down
39 – Time To Meet the President
40 – The Right Shell at the Right Time
41 – Skeletons in the Desert
42 – Forgotten Equity at the Flush Lady
43 – The Piper Comes to Collect
About the Authors
1 – Fishing Trip

Matches.
When Aleister Luck wanted something, he would often reach into his pocket and pull out, not what he wanted, but what he needed. At this moment, it was matches.
Aleister supposed that they somehow got mixed in with his purchase at the Circle-K when he stopped for coffee and a couple of Kit-Kats. Maybe the clerk, blurry eyed at the end of his shift, confused the sale with cigarettes. Maybe the matches were left on the counter by a previous patron. Aleister didn't know, and that was how his magic worked.
At this particular moment, an incendiary was exactly what Aleister needed. The wastepaper basket sat just inside a Collections Room in the LV Arts Council's suite of offices in the DCM Building in downtown Las Vegas. A thermostat was mounted on the dusky lavender wall above it.
The Collections Room was dim, five degrees cooler than the hallway, and crowded with oversized metal file cabinets. The gleaming ceramic pots and objets d'art that graced the tops of the cabinets weren't particularly flammable, but someone had discarded a file of documents heavy enough to stretch the flimsy plastic liner of the trash can.
The music playing through Aleister's earbuds would drown out any alarm that might be raised. To the strains of Cake singing about a woman who was never ever there, Aleister struck a match without closing the cover. He watched as it flared, and then wrapped the rest of the book around it. Before the other heads caught fire, Aleister Luck dropped the matchbook into the waste bin.
Then he headed up three flights of stairs to the offices of Devine, Chance & Merit.
This was not Aleister's first foray into the law office. Between jobs, he wandered and relied on his magic to fulfill his purpose. He followed where his magic took him, and lately it took him to DCM. His five previous visits had produced tidbits of corruption, but nothing actionable.
Aleister was sure that it was only a matter of time.
On the tenth floor, men and women were becoming concerned, but were not yet panicking. The front end receptionist was standing at her desk in front of a wall boldly proclaiming the name of the law office and in a smaller font the other major partners whose names were not Devine, Chance, or Merit. She cradled a phone between her ear and shoulder and juggled a laptop and a bundle of papers. When she noticed Aleister, she motioned with an index finger. Wait a moment.
But, with all that was happening, a blinking light on her phone took her attention away from Aleister.
He passed her desk and didn't look back to see what minor crashing catastrophe caused her to curse. When the office cubicles were sufficiently cleared, Aleister had his pick of folders, papers, and the occasional flash drive that was left behind.
Unfortunately, Aleister had made a mistake when he entered the building twelve minutes earlier. As he'd walked toward the bank of elevators, he had glanced ceiling-ward, at the shiny black half-sphere that housed the security cameras.
Aleister was a plain man. At five foot ten inches, he was not considered short, but he also wasn't tall enough to be notable. He kept his dark blond hair short and his ordinary face clean-shaven. His clothing was likewise unremarkable. No logos, no labels. Just a polo shirt and khakis. He walked with purpose, but didn't glance left or right. If anyone called out to him, the thumping bass line and blaring brass of his music drowned them out. But unfortunately, he had acknowledged the camera and the camera had taken note of him.
Observed, Aleister Luck's magic was prone to failure.
The facial recognition software in the security office matched Aleister's face against his own. Richard Davis, the head of security at Devine, Chance & Merit, had put Luck's image in the system less than a week ago, after Luck's last visit. Other than the picture, Davis had no other information about the man that had regularly breached DCM's security.
If there had been security cameras on the tenth floor, Richard Davis would not have noticed a pattern to what Aleister took, what he left behind, and where he went. Still, Aleister moved without hesitation. He didn't pause to disregard; he took what suited his intention.
In a corner office, Mr. Luck came upon an unattended laptop. On the surface, it was a nice machine. Wide-screened. Clean, aside from an assortment of fingerprints on its glossy case. The information on it would be valuable. As was the hardware itself. Aleister was wary of committing too many felonies. Instead, he picked up the papers in the outgoing tray. Just like the matches in the trashcan, they would serve his purpose.
Aleister briefly removed one earbud and noted that the jangling fire alarm had stopped. With no effort, he found himself at the doors to an oversized maintenance elevator. The elevator was working, the car already ascending when Aleister pushed the button. He could have, when he noticed the arriving elevator, headed to the stairwell and taken his chances with employees that might notice him carrying off an armload of files. But he didn't.
The doors of the elevator opened. Its lone occupant stood in the middle of the doorway with his arms spread, barring passage. Though wide, his suit coat told Aleister that this was not a maintenance man. He wore a badge that labeled his grim, wide face as Security, as Richard Davis.
"Stop," said Davis.
Aleister cocked his head and pretended not to hear. His mp3 player had moved on to a collection of quiet Johnny Mercer tunes.
"I figured that the service elevator would be safe. Should I use the stairs instead?" He spoke louder than he should have.
"No. You're going to put down those documents and then you're coming with me."
Aleister didn't budge. "What? Take the stairs?"
"I said–" Davis decided abruptly not to repeat himself. Instead, he lunged forward, swiping at Aleister's earbuds.
Aleister stepped away. Davis tripped, stumbled forward, and rolled his ankle before face-planting. Distracted, neither man had noticed that the maintenance elevator had stopped four inches lower than the tenth floor. 
"Stairs, it is," said Mr. Luck as he took off at a jog.
Davis rose to his feet but his right ankle would take no weight. Instead of pursuing, Davis pressed a button on his radio. "He's on the move. Seal off all exits."
The replies were a combination of "roger" and "already in place." Davis didn't need to be the man that zip-tied the intruder's hands.
Aleister didn't break stride as he joined the last evacuees on the stairway. Las Vegas Fire and Rescue had been quick with their response and Aleister met the first firefighter between the fifth and sixth floor. They moved past the building's employees with surprising nimbleness considering the amount of gear they wore. Near the third floor, it became obvious that there was some sort of delay in people exiting the building. Probably Davis's men at the ground floor exit.
Aleister didn't hesitate. Firemen had propped open the door at their entry point on the third floor. On the third floor, if Aleister remembered correctly, was a restaurant. A ladder crew had climbed to the establishment's patio.
Aleister quickly made his way around the edge of the room. The heat that blasted through the patio doors was a contrast to Johnny Mercer and Margaret Whiting singing, "Baby, It's Cold Outside." Over the crooning singers, Aleister overheard the firefighters.
"Roger that. Sergeant Benson has reached the seventh and reports that the AFS system has already taken care of the situation. What are you doing?"
"Man, it's a done deal and too hot to keep turn out gear on. What's the cleanup plan?"
"Sounds like there is none. They have the fancy no residue stuff here."
"Awesome."
Near the patio doors Aleister grabbed the discarded turn coat and shrugged it on. He left the air tanks and facemask that had been humped up the ladder, though he did take the helmet. It did a comfortable job of limiting Aleister's vision. For good measure, he grabbed a spool of reflective tape and juggled it among the folders he was already carrying.
The ladder was not an option. Too many firemen were nearby and that manner of egress had way too many eyes scrutinizing too few people.
Instead, Aleister headed back to the stairs. Some of the blockage at the first floor had dispersed. Indeed, building security was at the doorway. They attempted to keep the crowd moving while still taking a good look at each man that passed by. Aleister kept his eyes on the strappy blue sandals of the woman in front if him.
The helmet and turn coat shielded Aleister and he brushed by DCM's security men without a second look.
Aleister had garnered too much attention. He would have to be more careful next time. And he had no doubt there would be a next time.

* * * * *

"Hey, I just heard on the news about some kind of fire. Was that in your building? Are you okay?"
Dana Spelman cradled her cell phone between her ear and shoulder as she stabbed the elevator down button, briefcase in her off-hand. Jessica, her best friend since freshman year in college, was talking quickly and too loudly.
"Yes, that was here, and I'm fine. It was nothing, happened four floors down. A false alarm or something," said Dana.
Jess snorted with warranted disbelief. "That's not what they're reporting."
There might have been a fire, but the real reason Dana's schedule had been set off-kilter was the latest workplace invasion on tenth. DCM had been keeping the incidents quiet and surely Jess knew nothing of them.
"Well, it wasn't enough to get the Monday meeting cancelled."
"Seriously? I tell you, I wouldn't put up with that slave driver."
"Jess, you don't put up with employment in general."
"Oh, but you love me anyway."
Beyond the occasional freelance graphic design job, Jessica lived frugally. Somehow, Dana had always gotten along with her.
Dana's grin faded when she glanced at her watch. The elevator seemed to be slower than usual and Dana wondered if she should have taken the stairs.
"Look, I'm late. I think I'm going to have to bail on lunch. Maybe a drink after work?"
"Yeah. I'll meet you at Swinn's."
"Later, Jess."
She pocketed her phone and brushed past her fellow elevator passengers when the doors finally opened. Despite being a few minutes behind schedule, Dana stopped in the ladies room. She smoothed her brown hair and corrected a mascara smudge at the corner of her right eye. Happily, she did not look as harried as she'd feared.
In the conference room, her peers had, of course, left only the chair next to Mr. Felts open. She had no way to gracefully sneak in. Gullson, one of her more competitive colleagues, gave her a smug grin as she passed behind his chair. He was usually the late one.
"I'm sorry. My apologies, Mr. Felts." She bobbed her head in contrition as she edged her way around the polished oval table.
Mr. Felts, gray-haired, gray-eyed and gray-suited, stopped her from sitting by holding a slim file over the back of her chair. "Actually, Dana, I have a matter that needs immediate attention."
Felts was not in a good mood. He had no reason to be. A thief had broken into the offices six times now. What he'd taken remained to be seen. And at the very least, the perpetrator had disrupted business and left everyone on edge.
Still standing, Dana flipped open the file. "Felix Benes," she read. "I'm not familiar with the name."
"His case is well within your expertise. I'm sure you will have no trouble bringing yourself up to speed while you talk to him."
"He has an appointment for this afternoon?"
"He has an appointment for right now. He's in the Browning Room," said Felts. "You're keeping him waiting."
Dana closed the file. "I'll get to it then."
She could ignore Gullson's idiotic grin, but not Felts' air conditioning cold dismissal.
The Browning Room was a meeting room two floors down. Dana lingered on the elevator long enough to skim the brief.
Benes was a biochemist. He believed his position within a research group, and the associated funding, had been wrongfully terminated. The details of his research were not included.
Dana had majored in biology as an undergraduate in college and probably understood the technical aspects better than the paralegal that had typed the brief. Depending on the specifics, the case could be an interesting one.
For a moment, she considered that maybe Mr. Felts had assigned her this case because she was best suited to handle it. One look at Felix Benes reinforced Dana's first impression of the case. This was a punishment.
The man in the Browning Room had appropriated most of the table. He had a laptop, several piles of papers, and a couple of laboratory notebooks. On the floor beside him was a milk crate overflowing with more materials. Benes himself wasn't exactly the picture of a mad scientist, but a white lab coat would have only bolstered the preconception slightly. The patterned shirt that he wore was proof that the polyester of the 70s could in fact fray if worn enough. His jeans were a startling shade of new blue and lacked a more stylish raw selvage pattern. Stereotypically thick, crooked glasses completed the look.
Dana coaxed her face into a professional smile. "Mr. Benes? It's a pleasure to meet you."
2 – Mr. Howell

Nicolas Howell added the emanation from the screen of his cell phone to the dim street light that illuminated the front seat of his Honda Civic.
With a touch of the screen, he called Ed Stern.
"Good evening, operator. I show you about a block and a half from the target's phone," said Ed. "Does that sound about right?"
"I'm at the corner of Nellis and North Las Vegas," Howell confirmed.
He genuinely liked Ed Stern. Ed reminded Howell of the better men he knew in the Army. He did his job well, but didn't bother taking himself too seriously. Some might have said that Howell was a block away from his target, and assumed that a man was never far from his cell phone. Howell knew better and so did Ed Stern. "Are you ready for me to move?"
"Hold on a second. I have some chatter." Ed's side of the conversation didn't go entirely quiet. Howell heard the faint squawk of a police scanner in the background.
"What's the what, Ed?" Howell had an idea about what might be going on, but nothing was ever certain.
"Nothing important," said Ed. "Animal control call. Sounds like some dogs are running amok at a rental place nearby. It's a couple miles away so it shouldn't cause you a problem."
Howell chuckled. "The rental place leases heavy equipment. Bulldozers, manlifts, things like that."
"Okay. You know that, how?" Ed's officiousness only extended so far.
"I might have loosened a section of their fence earlier this evening."
Ed let out a frustrated groan. "And I bet you know where the errant dogs came from too."
"I might," said Howell. Animals could always be counted on for a little chaos. It was by pure chance that the dog kennel Howell passed had left a back door unlocked.
"I will never understand why you do this sort of thing." Howell liked to think there was a tinge of admiration in Ed Stern's voice. "It could have easily been the cops that were called. They still could be."
Howell shrugged, not that Ed could see it. "I do it to add the possibility of something interesting happening, Ed. And just to see what will happen."
"Whatever," said Ed. "The other operators are in place as well. Should I let them know that you're in position?"
"Not necessary," said Howell. "I'll inform them myself."
"Copy that," replied Ed. "Hope you don't have too 'interesting' an evening. Talk to you tomorrow."
Despite the summer warmth, Howell shrugged on his bomber jacket, ran a hand through his short cropped, graying hair, and moved into position on foot. From the street, he could see Felix Benes' second floor apartment. The blinds were open and Howell could see moving shadows in the blue-white light of a computer monitor. The apartment below was lit as well. The dim flickering that radiated from around closed blinds suggested a television set.
The target and at least one neighbor were awake. Things could get complicated, but Howell doubted it.
That was why he occasionally endeavored to add interesting circumstances to his environment. Escaped dogs. Unsecured heavy equipment. A now overworked animal control employee. Sometimes, the circumstances tested Howell's abilities; sometimes, the abilities of others. At the very least, he gathered more information about how people acted in any given situation. He should have guessed that the businesses and neighborhood near the kennel would be sensitive to dogs on the loose and wouldn't call the cops.
Howell circled the building and immediately picked out a conspicuous dark colored SUV. The other two operators. They were far less qualified than advertised.
The apartment complex was set in a rough quadrangle with a patch of grass in the middle of the parking lot. Once, the area had been a swimming pool. Now, it was a kidney shaped lawn with two short, scraggly palm trees. Any parking space had a good angle on Felix Benes' front door. The more Howell considered the situation, the less he thought of the "help" he had been provided.
He wouldn't bother making contact with the amateurs before entering Benes' apartment. He gave the fluorescent bulb at the top of the second floor stairway a twist and wondered if the buffoons would even notice. What would their response be? Would they call Howell, or their mutual employer?
At Benes' door Howell waited for a moment, listening. He could faintly hear music playing from a distant apartment in the quadrangle. Louder was what sounded like a sitcom on television in the apartment below. The volume was high, suggesting that the resident below was hearing-impaired, elderly, and probably asleep.
The door's lock and dead-bolt were easy enough to pick. A chain would have required another tool, but Benes hadn't made things that interesting. Howell braced the door as he opened it. It creaked, but not loudly. He opened it only as wide as necessary, then closed it smoothly behind him. From the entryway, Howell surveyed the scene.
The apartment was dark aside from the two laptops and a free-standing LCD computer monitor. The computers were set on the counter that divided the kitchen area from the rest of the studio apartment. The floor was littered with opened suitcases and a handful of cardboard boxes.
Benes sat hunched behind the low wall of screens, facing toward the door, but focused on the space immediately in front of him. Howell could see the man's head bob and tilt as though he was conversing with someone. Aside from the muffled voice of an infomercial downstairs, Howell didn't hear anything else.
His fears were being confirmed. Tonight would be more tedium than thrill. He had been told that Benes was paranoid. Paranoia often led to irrational behavior, and irrational behavior potentially made things entertaining.
Benes had not put a security chain on the door and was sitting in a dark room with bright screens in front of him that would make seeing past them difficult. Howell was afforded an opportunity to approach unnoticed. Clearly, the man wasn't paranoid enough.
Howell caught a better look at Benes and noticed that he was wearing a set of high quality headphones. Benes wasn't speaking to anyone, but seemed to be holding a silent conversation with the information on the computer screens.
Howell shook his head. Like the two operators in the SUV, most people weren't very competent. They didn't take precautions, and if they did, it was the wrong precautions. The only time any of them had success was when they were lucky or the task just wasn't difficult.
The challenges of Howell's job weren't often presented by his mark, and Howell hadn't survived this sort of work for thirty years by relying on luck. He relied on being resourceful when the unexpected happened. Most people would fail at the simplest tasks while dealing with unpredicted pressure, but it was during those times when Howell felt the most alive.
Lately, very little was unpredictable.
Howell moved quickly and efficiently. When Benes saw Howell, his eyes went wide. He pushed away from the computers, and grabbed a cell phone from the tabletop. Somehow, he managed to avoid knocking over a tall mug of coffee.
The Taser's electrodes hit Benes in the torso, below the ribs. His body tensed. Without making much sound, Benes toppled, stiff as a board, to the floor. Howell kicked the phone out of reach. Before Benes could recover, Howell kneeled down and stretched a piece of duct tape over Benes' mouth. He retrieved a syringe pen from his pocket and prepared to use it.
"Don't struggle or I will actually hurt you," he said as he hoisted Benes to his feet. He wrenched Benes' right arm down and behind Benes' back. The muscles were tight from the Taser shock and Benes inhaled in pain.
He faced Benes toward the futon in the corner of the studio apartment. "Where did you hide your other things, Dr. Benes?"
Howell watched Benes face and eyes. When he received no response, he faced Benes toward the closets in the hallway. "Where did you hide your things, Dr. Benes?"
Benes croaked against the tape.
"Quiet. Where are your things?" Howell asked again.
Benes' gaze flickered toward the kitchen area.
Howell pointed him in that direction. "Where?"
This time Benes looked everywhere but the stove area.
"Thank you," said Howell. He lowered Benes to the ground and injected him with the sedative in the syringe.
Howell removed the battery from Benes' phone and pocketed it. Using his own phone, he called the two in the SUV.
One of the amateurs picked up after three rings. He sounded nervous. "This is Donavan."
"You and your buddy need to drive off, circle about a mile and a half, and then park on the street around back."
"What? Is this Howell? We've been waiting for–"
"Yes. This is Howell. When you've parked around back, call me and I'll clear you to come up and help our inebriated friend down to your car."
"Help you down? You're already up in–?"
"Yes," said Howell. Losing patience wouldn't help. "And I assume that one of you can take care of Benes' computers."
"Yes, that's–"
"Hurry it up then."
"Fine. We'll be there in–"
Howell ended the call. He listened and heard the SUV drive off like he'd instructed. Music was still playing from Benes' music player. Howell disentangled the earphones and turned the player off.
He sat down at Benes' laptops and computer. Nothing on the screens was particularly familiar to Howell, but it wasn't his job to understand it. He plugged a USB drive into the larger, more solid looking laptop and began transferring files.
In the kitchen area, he checked the oven and the stovetop. Benes had been mildly clever, and Howell found a flash drive, a packet of cash, and a poorly-made false ID in the exhaust hood where the light bulb had been removed. While he had time, he checked the bed, the closets, and the bathroom as well, but found nothing else.
Howell unplugged his thumb drive from the laptop when Donavan called back. He hoped he'd copied something useful from the laptop. Howell wanted to have insurance if he needed it.
Benes was semi-conscious when Donavan and the other guy from the SUV tapped on the door. In their black tactical clothing with stocking caps rolled up around their foreheads, the two looked like military operators infiltrating an enemy base.
"Black fucking masks," Howell muttered as he let them in.
"What?" The smaller one headed straight toward the laptops.
"Nothing. At least you're wearing gloves."
Howell took a tagged key from his pocket and retrieved his roll of duct tape. He tore off a square and used it to affix the key to the underside of the exhaust hood. He made sure to curl the corner of the tape over the edge of the metal hood so it could be seen.
"Hey," Howell called to his dubious comrades, "weren't one of you formerly Las Vegas Metro PD?"
"That was years back," muttered the one that was contemplating Benes.
"Roberts doesn't like to talk about it," said Donavan from behind the computers.
"How noticeable is this?" Howell asked without pointing out what it was that needed to be noticed.
Roberts stared in Howell's direction, but gave no indication that anything was amiss.
"Right," Howell muttered. He tore off a larger piece of tape and re-adhered the key to the exhaust hood. This time he made sure that nearly half the tape showed. Surely, any cop that was awake would notice it.
As Howell waited for Donavan and Roberts to finish their part, he was torn. For the sake of ease, he hoped that the two commandos hadn't been seen on the walkway or stairs. The police needed to show up eventually, but Howell preferred to control the timing. On the other hand, reports of masked men might make the evening more exciting. 
"You two wait here until I get Benes into the SUV. I don't want this to look like an abduction if we meet anyone on the way down."
He didn't wait for a response and headed out the door. Benes acted and sounded like a very drunk man. Howell escorted him downstairs under the pretense of taking a hard-partying friend home. The egress from Felix Benes' apartment went smoothly.
There would be no fun tonight.
3 – Shell Game

Aleister couldn't sleep and left his apartment at dawn. He stopped at a 7-Eleven for coffee and a Danish and then followed traffic. As was the case lately, he set out with the intention of digging up more dirt on Devine, Chance & Merit. By taking the path of least resistance and not paying too much attention, he ended up heading to North Las Vegas instead of the law firm.
He parked, eventually, in the middle of an apartment complex that was maybe a decade away from derelict. His '95 Maxima was in similar enough condition that he didn't fear leaving it in someone's spot, but Aleister took his laptop bag with him.
He crossed a green space, stepping around a recently shed palm frond. When he came to a stairway, he headed to the second story.
A wizened old man came from the apartment below to collect his morning newspaper. Aleister didn't slow his pace, but he became very aware of the man's gaze.
Old people were a hazard where magic was concerned. Many had nothing to do except watch the world pass by. That world often included Aleister. From the second floor balcony, Aleister heard the withered man snort in annoyance.
Aleister walked a handful of steps along the balcony. He kept his eyes on the worn indoor-outdoor carpet. At least it wasn't plastic grass like there was outside the apartment Aleister rented in North Las Vegas. When he stopped, he turned to his left and reached out to touch the doorknob. He hesitated and then used the edge of his shirt as a buffer between his skin and the metal of the knob.
The door was unlocked.
The studio apartment had been recently and abruptly vacated.
The coffee maker on the kitchen counter was still on. The remainder of the liquid was slowly cooking away to a black-brown discoloration. The futon, probably furnished by the landlord, was in couch form, but rumpled. Random articles of clothing spilled from an open suitcase. Other belongings were strewn around. Nothing of value. A pair of well-worn running shoes stood out. They were big. Men's shoes. Aleister didn't own more than a couple pairs of shoes, so he wasn't surprised to not see any others.
He found no other indication of whom the room had belonged to. No papers. No mail or magazines.
The counter that delineated the kitchen from the rest of the room was cleared. Something had occupied that space not long ago.
Aleister didn't have to stretch to believe that whoever had lived here, however briefly, had left quickly or been removed quickly. Why else would Aleister be here? Doubtless, Devine, Chance & Merit had something to do with it, though Aleister had no idea why. He just needed to look for the connections.
He circled through the apartment once more.
In the kitchen, he noticed a piece of duct tape on the exhaust hood over the stove. Secured on the inside edge was a key. The tape's adhesive didn't stick well to the grime of the hood and it fell into Aleister's hand when he touched it. A tag was attached to the key by a fine piece of string. "3rd floor B.ball, #25" was printed on the tag in ballpoint pen.
He slipped the key and the wad of tape into his pocket and left.

* * * * *

Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department detectives Ray Sanyo and David Moore stopped for a good cup of coffee and reached the apartment building after Dana Spelman.
"I still don't think that her being here is a good idea," Sanyo muttered.
She had parked at the opposite end of the apartment complex and stayed in her car on her cell phone until Sanyo and Moore had arrived. They waited for her as she pocketed her phone and crossed the pathetic patch of green space.
"I couldn't manage to convince her of that," said Moore. "And believe me, I tried."
Sanyo snorted. "I bet."
In another era, Dana Spelman could have been described, without insult or irony, as a dame.
By her own account, she had been awoken by a call, a text really, from one of her clients. Yet, she looked like she had been awake for hours. Or at least long enough for her hair, makeup, and wardrobe to be perfect. Sanyo assumed that would be hours for most women. She wore a pants suit and sensible flats with slick gold jewelry. Beside him, his partner actually sighed.
"Buddha on a pogo stick, you're turning into a teenage girl."
Moore shot him a dirty look and took a step toward the lawyer. "Good morning, Miss Spelman."
"Good morning. Detectives Moore and Sanyo?" She picked correctly, but there weren't too many non-Asian Sanyos in the world.
They found Felix Benes' apartment door unlocked. Or what was presumably Benes' apartment. Other than the address he'd given to Dana Spelman, nothing in the residence pointed to Benes having resided there. The lease was under another name.
"That's not surprising," said Dana. "When I spoke to him yesterday, he was very concerned about being followed and was worried that he might be in some danger."
"But he gave you this address?" Moore asked.
"Yes. I guess he figured giving it to me was safe."
"And you didn't share the info?" Sanyo asked.
"No. Well, it's in his file at DCM."
"And you haven't had any other contact with him?"
"No," said Dana. "We didn't have a very long meeting yesterday, but I did say that he should contact me if he needed to."
"What was his case about?" Moore asked. "You said he was concerned about being followed. Why would he have reason to be?" Moore was making another circuit of the studio apartment. He was antsy. He hadn't stood still the entire time while Spelman had remained near the door.
"I haven't had a chance to go through everything, but he seemed to think that his research was in opposition to some pharmaceutical interest."
"Had he been directly threatened by anyone?"
"Not that he mentioned. There hasn't been a report filed by Mr. Benes, has there?"
Neither Moore nor Sanyo responded.
"Did you think his case had some merit?" Sanyo asked.
Dana shrugged as elegantly as she did anything. "I haven't had the chance to review much of his research, but I couldn't dismiss his claim outright either."
"That might have been enough encouragement for Benes to see you as a confidant," said Sanyo. Moore had stopped once again at the stove. That was the third time. "What's up?" Sanyo asked his partner.
"Hmm?"
"You keep fixating on that stove like it's the key to finding Benes."
"I hadn't noticed," he said a little sheepishly with a shake of his head. "Let's talk to a couple neighbors and then we'll see if we can track down some of Benes' colleagues or family. Thank you, Miss Spelman, for your help."
For the first time, Sanyo noticed a slight crack in Spelman's polished veneer. "I'm sorry that I can't do more."
4 – Daily Bread

Whenever Aleister returned to his downtown Las Vegas apartment, his primary residence, he emptied his pockets and left their contents on the telephone stand by the door.
Telephone stand was what his Aunt Betsy called the piece of furniture, though Aleister had never seen a phone set upon it. The small table had a single phonebook-sized drawer and spindly legs. Set beside the door, it was the perfect place for him to leave his keys, wallet, and cell phone so he wouldn't forget or lose them. A collection of pens, business cards, and loose change had also accumulated on the telephone stand's top.
He tossed the wad of duct tape into the trash and set the key, 3rd floor B.ball #25, on the stand. Somehow, it looked wrong there. It took up too much space. He opened the telephone stand's drawer and swept the key in, where it landed on top of more pens, business cards, and loose change.
Aleister microwaved a pizza bread for brunch and sat down to his dual-monitor computer.
An email from his friend, Smith, was waiting for him.
"Don't forget to make some money today, Sherlock."
Smith's wife Terri was an avid reader and Sherlock was her name for Aleister, especially when finances were a concern.
In fiction, private investigators were often generously described as "down on their luck." These detectives were the good guys, helping the helpless, regardless of cost. Notably, Sherlock Holmes rarely accepted payment from clients of little means. While Aleister had occasionally provided assistance to the Las Vegas police, celebrities and nobility had not yet come knocking on his door. Regardless, Aleister had other methods of making money.
Better late than never, he launched the stock-trading program that Smith had made for him. He moved the program's interface to the second screen and maximized it. Once he was sure it was working properly, Aleister left it alone for a while.
On the other screen, Aleister opened his internet browser. First, he checked for local news. 
Buried at the bottom of a sidebar was a short piece about the fire at the Las Vegas Arts Council. It was being ruled as arson. That was fair since Aleister had purposefully lit the fire, but also distressing. Arson was a legal charge that Aleister wasn't comfortable with. Of course, nothing was damaged, aside from the wastepaper basket and the nearby wall. Minimal property damage due to the state of the art fire containment system. The incident was being attributed to a group protesting the storage of Native American artifacts, and Richard Davis of DCM was given credit with trying to apprehend a suspect. The article also mentioned that Davis had twisted his ankle during the pursuit. 
There was no mention of the theft from Devine, Chance & Merit. Surely, Aleister was in their system by now, but there was no mention of his activities. If he hadn't known better, he might have been curious about why they were keeping quiet.

* * * * *

At twelve forty-five, Dana's phone rang.
She glanced at the caller ID and felt the subtle satisfaction of being correct despite the predictability of the routine.
"Hi, Mom," she answered.
"Hello, honey. How's your day been?"
Sometimes, Dana was annoyed by Carol Spelman's midday Tuesday and Thursday calls. Today, Dana was busy, but her mother's voice was welcome.
"It's been busy." The morning had dissolved into a series of meetings about Felix Benes in addition to the appointments Dana already had with other clients. She was suddenly aware of the buzzing in her head that meant she was hungry. "I haven't even gotten to lunch yet."
"You're going to eat, aren't you?"
"I think I'll go do that right now." Dana saved the brief she had open on her laptop, snapped the device closed, and pushed away from her desk.
"Did you bring something? You're not going out for junk food, are you? That stuff has so much salt in it, or at least that's what Dr. Ingles told me."
"Nope. I think I'll go down to Forty More."
"Is that the luncheonette in your building where we had lunch that one time?"
"That's the place." In Dana's opinion, they had the best club sandwich in Las Vegas.
"Busy morning then, since you haven't even eaten yet? Did you at least have a good breakfast?"
The way this conversation was going, Dana wasn't about to admit that she'd opted for a cream and sugar laden latte on the way in after her morning visit with the police at Felix Benes' apartment. She wasn't sure she wanted to bring up Benes at all.
The bright orange flyer posted multiple times on the bulletin board outside her office succeeded in supplanting Felix Benes as something that Dana wished to avoid. The subject of the notice was the thief that had struck a total of six times in the past month and most recently yesterday. It took a moment for Dana to recognize the man in the security camera photo.
"Shit."
"What was that?" Her mother wasn't a Puritan, but Dana preferred not to curse in her presence.
"Oh, nothing. It's been a hectic day." She pulled down a flyer and took it with her.
"Big case?"
"Something like that." She paused by the elevators. Two men were waiting. One was gangly, though not particularly tall, and the other was pudgy and swarthy. Dana probably wouldn't have paid any attention to them, but one stared at Dana as she pressed the down button.
"You know how you'd always thought that my biology classes wouldn't be worth anything?" she said to her mother and waited for a response.
"I never said that."
The men didn't get on the elevator with her and she continued her conversation in private. 
"Yes you... Nevermind. I'm working on a case for a biochemist whose research funding was pulled, probably unfairly." After her meeting with Felix Benes yesterday, she had spent the afternoon reading through what research notes that he'd left for her. She had even insisted on scanning and digitizing a few of his paper documents.
"Why would that happen?"
"He thinks his research might cause problems for pharmaceutical companies."
"Chiselers." 
Dana chuckled at her mother's choice of words. The drugs that her mother took to control her arthritis were costly. Each advance in treatment was accompanied by a more advanced price. Her mother needed the meds and felt taken advantage of by the companies that set the exorbitant prices.
"Does that mean he's suing the drug companies?"
"That's what we're trying to decide." Of course, now that Benes had disappeared, the case was in limbo.
She had let Benes' problem steal her attention yesterday afternoon and evening. Distracted, she had let work on a couple of her other cases slide and she had been poor company for Jessica during happy hour. The studies that Benes had left with her were dry, but Dana had been compelled enough to push through them. Talking to her mother now, she understood why. It would be nice to teach drug companies a lesson. Regretfully, she might no longer have that opportunity.
"What about you? How are you feeling today?" she asked.
"Not too bad. Your Aunt Janet and I went to the gym yesterday like I said we were going to. Water aerobics."
"And you're feeling good today?"
"So far, so good."
"Good," said Dana. "You know you need to keep moving."
"Yes, yes. It's not so easy sometimes."
The elevator door opened to the third floor where Forty More was housed and Dana found that she wasn't hungry. She was tired and stressed, and going to the gym sounded more appealing than eating. Her schedule was open until 3:30pm. She had time to work out, shower, and maybe pick up something to eat at her desk on the way back.
"Mom, I'm going to let you go, okay? I'll talk to you Thursday if not before."
"Alright, honey. Have a good lunch."
"I will," Dana lied.
Thirty minutes on a treadmill would clear her head. Maybe she'd come up with an idea about how to keep the Benes case open while she worked out. Afterward, she'd decide what she wanted to do about the man on the orange flyer. 

* * * * *

Aleister moved on to his RSS aggregator. It fed him links from other news sites as well as updates from blogs he often visited.
As Aleister finished reading the lighter fare and prepared to move on to new papers in applied combinatorics and graph theory on one screen, he occasionally moved the computer cursor to the stock trading program. He clicked on the ticker field and scrolled down the options. On a whim, he stopped, clicked and scrolled the other way. Eventually, he double clicked and tabbed to the next field. He repeated the process until he had randomly picked a stock, the price at which to buy or sell it, and a limit on how much to invest as a proportion of his available funds.
Aleister's intent was to purchase and sell stocks profitably. According to his banker, he was good at it. Aleister took Mr. Schlotz's word for it and never inquired about the details. Aleister didn't know anything about the companies he bought into. The specifics didn't matter beyond the results. Namely, he made a profit and the markets weren't upset by his activities. His banker handled the revenue and paid the bills. Aleister didn't worry about the rent on his apartments being paid, but he also never assumed he had much more than what was needed to pay for his frugal lifestyle.
Pocket money was a different story. Aleister didn't go to the bank and loathed ATMs. Knowing the balance of his accounts probably wouldn't corrupt his manipulation of them, but it wasn't information that Aleister needed. For day to day expenses, Aleister engaged in the habits of a Las Vegas tourist. He hit the casinos.
The easiest game for Aleister to manipulate was roulette.
While a croupier was trained to spin the wheel and the ball in a consistent manner, the mechanics housed potential for variation. How fast the wheel was still spinning when the ball finally lost enough momentum affected the bounce of the ball as it fell into a pocket. Side spin on the ball could have an effect. When the wheel had last undergone maintenance or if the ball had a wobble could be factors. Aleister could use all of these things.
Aleister had a planned casino rotation. He didn't want to be known as a regular at any one gambling house. Regulars garnered too much attention from the staff. Bigger casinos were easier to be anonymous in, but he had smaller ones in his rotation too, to pad out his schedule. Tonight, he had planned to visit the Bellagio. Unfortunately, he hadn't taken into account that today was one of the Bellagio's special events. Aleister found that the roulette tables were overrun by middle-aged women with overly large, white smiles and shiny new player's cards. The blackjack tables were similarly populated, while none of them seemed to have the patience for or understanding of baccarat or craps, slots were decidedly below their social class.
Aleister decided to pick randomly from his list and ended up at The Flush Lady.
The Flush Lady was a small casino, older, and off the beaten path. Depending on his needs, he got around to visiting it once every few months, presuming nothing extraordinary occurred.
His modus operandi was to play a few spins of roulette, ten at the very most, and to win a significant sum on the last spin. Then, he would retire to something quieter, poker or blackjack, where he'd win some hands and lose some hands. By the time he left a casino, it would seem that he was just another casual gambler, down or maybe breaking even for the night. No one except the cashier had enough information to realize that Aleister always left with a healthy payout.

* * * * *

Dana saw the two men from the elevator lobby again as she was leaving the gym. Again, the gangly one was staring at her.
Her workout had been refreshing and left her focused.
At this morning's meeting, Mr. Felts had assured Dana that she had done what she could for Felix Benes and stressed that she needed to continue with the rest of her case load. Dana had, of course, been inclined to agree with him. He was, after all, a senior partner in the firm. But the more she thought about it, the more it bothered her that Benes' complaint would ultimately be ignored. If she didn't hear from Detective Moore by the time she reached her office, she'd call him, if only to touch base. In the meantime, she'd continue working her way through Benes' documents, while still giving proper attention to her other clients. She was showing initiative.
As for the thief on the orange flyer, Dana placed a call to Devine, Chance & Merit's front end secretary.
"June, can you put me through to Richard Davis's office?"
"Head of Security Davis?"
"Yes, please."
She was just about to get into her car, phone still pressed to her ear, when she had noticed the men by their car.
"Mr. Davis is away from his office at the moment. Do you want to leave a message for him?"
"Uh... Yes, have him call me at his convenience. Thank you, June."
Her hair, still damp from her post-workout shower, cooled her head against the glare of the afternoon sun. The pavement itself was still too bright after being dulled by dark sunglasses.
No one loitered outside on days like this.
The gangly one was leisurely smoking a cigarette while the pudgier one was retrieving something from the trunk of a silver Crown Victoria. Neither looked pleased with their current employment. Both noted Dana's progress to her car.
Not wanting to make eye contact, Dana only glanced at them. Surely, it couldn't be the same two guys? It was a strange coincidence. Her mind was playing tricks.
Dana got into her car and took her time settling in. She turned on the air conditioning, checked her phone for messages, and then dialed Jessica.
A mechanical recording answered. "You've reached the voice mail of..," Jessica's own voice cut in with her name, "If you'd like to leave a message press one or wait for the tone."
Dana waited for the tone and checked her hair in the rearview mirror. She didn't see them. Felix Benes' paranoia had infected her. She had missed them leaving and was sitting in her car like a dullard.
"Hey, Jess," she said into the phone. "Just had the weirdest thing happen. I'm here at the gym and I thought I saw some guys in the parking lot that I'd seen earlier at the office. And not the cute kind that are looking for a fellow junior attorney and her artsy friend. Anyway, I guess it's nothing. Later."
She backed out of the parking space and drove to the parking lot exit. No one was behind her until she was about to pull on to the street. Then the Crown Victoria revved into position behind her. 
They had waited for her and followed.
She quickly merged into traffic. Downtown Las Vegas was chaotic enough that Dana didn't want to deal with trying to call someone. It also didn't look good for a lawyer at a prominent law office to be cited for driving violations.
Besides, was she sure that it was the same car? Silver-gray sedans were a dime a dozen.
Dana glanced into the rearview mirror. The Crown Victoria was three cars behind her, but seemed to be closing the gap. She couldn't see the face of the driver or the passenger.
Impulsively, she decided on a series of turns, executing them as quickly as she could in the thick traffic. The gray car followed, move for move. At a red light, Dana twisted around, but still couldn't get a good look at the driver of the other car. The afternoon sun made seeing past the glare on the windshield impossible.
When the light turned green, Dana changed lanes, cutting off an SUV. She gunned through the next yellow light and made a left turn. The Crown Victoria was forced to continue going straight, though it wouldn't take them long to double back.
Dana scanned the street for an empty parking space. When she found one, she parked hastily, poorly. Another driver had words for her as she grabbed her purse and dodged across the street. She darted around a corner and into a casino. It was a smaller, older place, with an unfortunately sparse crowd.
Inside, she hurried onto the gambling floor, and didn't slow down until the bar was in sight. Dana took a seat where she wouldn't be spotted by someone passing by and fished her cell phone from her purse.
She dialed 9-1-1, but didn't place the call. Emergency response wasn't quite what was needed.
"Can I get you a drink, ma'am?" The bartender had a kind, overly concerned face.
"Gin and tonic," Dana said automatically.
"Will do," he replied, cheerfully.
Instead, she'd call Detective Moore. She had no doubt that the two men were involved with Felix Benes' disappearance. Dana rifled through her purse for the card he had given her. She could see it in her mind's eye. A business card embossed with the crest of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department. She had put it in her purse at Benes' apartment, then attached it to Benes' file with a paperclip.
"Shit," she muttered. The file was lying on her desk back at the office.
The bartender placed a collins glass in front of her. "Anything else I can help you with?"
Dana had glanced around. No sign of the two that had followed her. "Ah. No. I'm fine." 
She dialed information and then the number for the LVMPD.
"Could you put me through to Detective David Moore?"
A rotund man plopped down next to her. 
"Awfully rude to use those in here," he said. Dana smelled hard liquor on his breath. "And you're way too gorgeous to be awfully rude."
A female voice at LVMPD said something that Dana didn't hear. "Pardon me?"
"I said," the fat man replied, "you're too pretty to be one of those rude women that hang on the phone all day. Who are you talking to, anyway? Did your boyfriend dump you?"
Dana squinted at him as though he were speaking a different language. Deliberately, she slid off her barstool and took three steps away from the bar, her back to him.
"I'm sorry," she said into her phone, "Could you repeat what you just—"
She was cut off by David Moore's recorded voice. "I'm away from my desk. Please, leave me a message and I will return your call ASAP. If you need an immediate response, call the operator and ask to be put through to the duty officer." He repeated the number she had just dialed.
Did she want the duty officer?
The fat man offered her a smile that was considerably less genuine than that of the bartender. "He doesn't treat you right." He motioned to the stool that was still empty next to him.
Dana ignored him and retrieved her gin and tonic. She drained half the glass in a couple swallows. One drink was probably not the worst idea. What little relaxation she had achieved earlier was gone. She'd call DCM when everything was sorted out.
When she turned again from the bar, she saw Aleister Luck at a roulette table.

* * * * *

Aleister didn't play a particular system. Usually he started with a bet on red or black or odd or even. An easy bet to win. After that, he moved to "inside" bets. Without paying too much attention, he dropped a colored chip on a particular number or on a line between numbers. When he placed bets, he quickly and precisely put down his chips, well in advance of the croupier dropping the ball.
The ivorine ball sped on the ledge in the opposite direction of the wheel. Aleister didn't watch the numbers and he didn't bother betting after the ball was put into motion. Through years of practice, he had learned to perform all the rituals associated with the game without really looking at the table. Through his music player and earbuds, The Rolling Stones drowned out cheers, complaints, and the dispassionate reports of where the ball had landed. Aleister almost always got what he needed. He took note of the color of his chips when playing inside and let the croupier handle the winnings as much as possible. The less Aleister knew about what was going on, the better. With the spinning of the wheel and movement of the ball, there was room for his magic to shift an outcome.
Amid a couple of paunchy middle-aged men and a couple of tattooed twenty-somethings, Aleister quietly accumulated a nice stack of winnings. One more spin, a thirty-five to one win on a sizable wager, and then he'd move to a blackjack table until his luck was forgotten.
The ball dropped and Aleister tuned it all out. His mp3 player had shuffled to The Cars' greatest hits. When the croupier placed the dolly, a piece of lucite in the shape of a crimson flame, it was on a number not shared by Aleister's chips.
He had lost when he'd intended to win.
Aleister bet again, placing a generous quantity of chips on the table. He was careful not to pay attention to where he put the chips or to when the croupier sent the white sphere spinning in the opposite direction of the wheel.
He should have easily won, and for a second time, he didn't. 
Again, he bet, but this time intended to give one of the paunchy men a gift. Though only betting on black, he lost this time as well.
Panic became an itch in the back of his throat. He had basically lost three times in a row. How had it happened?
Without thinking, Aleister scooped his chips, the specially colored roulette chips that had no value away from the table, into a plastic cup usually used for slots tokens.
"Sir, would you care to cash out?" the croupier asked.
Aleister ignored him.
He had spotted his problem standing near the bar.
"Hi, Dana," he said to her.
"Hello, Aleister."
Everything was going to be more complicated now, there were more factors at play than he'd anticipated.
5 – Lucky Mickey

She was holding an empty collins glass, the ice melting as she watched Aleister. Scrutinized, his magic had been known to fail.
Polished. Even in college, that had been Aleister's impression of her. Glossy dark hair. The right amount of makeup where it needed to be. This afternoon, she wore a casual summer suit with a chain of rich gold and matching earrings. Her hair was simply done. Yet, she was tense. More so than he'd ever seen.
"You look good," he commented instead.
"You look like you always look," she said. He didn't take the comment personally. "Let me buy you a drink."
"Sure."
Dana Spelman was perhaps the last person Aleister had expected to encounter in a casino at two o'clock in the afternoon. Doubtless, this was exactly where she figured he would be, not that she was looking for him. Aleister didn't believe in coincidences and he now knew why he'd first walked into DCM.
"Another gin and tonic?" The bartender asked her.
"Please," Dana answered.
"Same," said Aleister.
"So, what have you been up to?" she asked once the bartender placed two highballs on the bar.
"Not much. The usual." She glanced past him, over his shoulder, as he spoke. He didn't turn to see what she might be interested in.
"Still losing at roulette?" she asked.
"Occasionally." He sipped his drink. The flavor of the gin was satisfying. Dana mirrored his actions.
"What are you doing these days?" she asked. Again, she glanced over his shoulder.
Whatever was distracting her didn't completely remove the gibe from her question. Aleister knew this tone of voice. Dana already knew the answer to her question, or thought she did.
"You mean aside from being a casino bum?"
She sipped her drink. 
"I investigate matters of concern for clients."
"Like a private detective?" 
"Something like that." On the screen above the bar an impossible baseball play caught Aleister's attention. The fielder seemed to get only the tip of his glove on the ball before becoming concerned about colliding with the outfield wall. Without looking, the player jumped at the right moment, not much more than a clumsy hop, and secured the ball before it struck the wall. 
Aleister was watching the second replay when Dana said, "Involved in anything interesting at the moment?"
Again, she already had an answer in mind. Aleister ignored the question. "Who are you working for? Last I knew you were in Los Angeles."
"I came back to Vegas. Mom's here. Jess is here. I've been at my current law firm three years."
"Oh, which one?" And this time, Aleister knew the answer before Dana spoke.
"Devine, Chance & Merit."
Aleister kept his tone light. "I know of it. In fact, I've had a few run-ins with some of your colleagues. But you probably already know that."
"Yes..." she slurred.
On commercial break, a well-muscled black man was selling after-shave. Aleister brought his attention fully back to Dana.
She sat with her hands flat on the bar. Dana was staring somewhere past the inside edge of the counter. Her eyes were wide and dark.
"Dana?"
She wasn't responding. He had spent enough time with her in the past to know that she wasn't a light-weight when it came to drinking.
The bartender was gone. He'd already removed her glass.
"They're going to take me," she said simply. "They are going to kidnap me."
She pushed away from the bar without getting her feet under her. The barstool tipped and she tumbled to the floor. She was scrabbling away when Aleister took her by the shoulders and hefted her to her feet.
"My friend is a little distraught," he said to no one in particular. "Lost a bit of money."
From across the casino floor, he could see two burly suit-wearing security men. It was possible that they were only interested in getting Aleister's roulette chips back to the table. Aleister didn't wait to find out.
He left his cup of chips on the bar and shuffled Dana toward the main entrance of the casino. With each step, her limbs seemed to become heavier.
"Please, don't let them take me, Aleister," she whispered. "We have to go. They're everywhere." She squirmed in his arms as they moved through the cavernous casino lobby. Aleister Luck resisted the urge to check if anyone was following, to see if there was anyone watching from the mezzanine level.
"We're going," said Aleister. "We're going."
"They could abduct me."
"Not today."
Luck had parked nearly a block away, but he moved in the opposite direction. More people. More alleys. He didn't look back despite Dana's warnings. Her wide, dark eyes saw enemies behind every sign and in every moving car. Aleister was peripherally aware that the ever-present Las Vegas crowds were giving them a wide birth. He didn't like it.
Tires squealed somewhere behind them, followed by the acceleration of an engine. Dana wrenched away from him and darted back the way they had come. She was clumsy and Aleister had no problem capturing her again, but he saw the Crown Victoria speeding toward them.
Aleister closed his eyes as he lifted Dana off her feet. He lurched a few steps before opening his eyes again and taking stock. Three long steps would take him to a space between two buildings that was tighter than the sedan. The alley was filled with garbage and weak afternoon shadows and there was probably no outlet. Aleister shook his head and lunged out into traffic. He kept his attention on Dana's face, her polish replaced by groggy confusion.
More tires shrieked and the shouts of bystanders added to the cacophony. Aleister tripped up the opposite curb and nearly dropped Dana. The pause in their flight was enough to allow the driver to swerve toward them. After all, Mr. Aleister Luck, hobbled by the woman he was carrying, was headed for an open corner. He wouldn't be able to outrun the vehicle.

* * * * *

It was certainly early enough that Jep could try again. When the brunette returned to the bar with her friend, Jep had made himself scarce, but kept watch.
Jep was a big man, but lately not big enough to attract much notice. No one paid any attention when he moved to the other side of the bar. She certainly didn't. Uppity bitch.
Actually, it was amazing what people didn't see or chose not to see. When the brunette left her drink on the bar to make her incredibly important phone call, no one saw Jep reach across the bar, over her glass, and fumble for a twizzle-stick for his drink. At least, that's what he'd say he was doing. If anyone ever asked.
No one ever asked.
With a little slight of hand, he concealed the dropper in the palm of his hand and squeezed the GHB into the drink. He had practiced the movement so often that he could do it after having a couple drinks himself.
He had been certain that the brunette would finish her phone call and, distraught, return to the bar and drink her drink. She had entered the casino in a state. Something was obviously the matter. Jep would be attentive. As the drug in her drink took effect, he would be empathetic to whatever slight she was suffering from. When her mood improved, Jep would be there. When she grew tired, he'd suggest they call it an afternoon. Together. And she'd be very open to whatever he suggested.
Usually, an opportunity wouldn't present itself until later. It had been a bold move on Jep's part to go for the first woman that he'd caught sight of. 
Unfortunately for Jep, she'd spotted someone she recognized. That didn't mean that Jep was necessarily out of the situation. If the two parted, Jep could step back into the picture. Or, if the guy decided that he didn't want to deal with an obviously drunk companion and left her to fend for herself, Jep would be at the ready. That possibility was unlikely. What man wouldn't want to take care of a pliable young woman? The GHB had other pleasant side effects. Chances were, she'd be throwing herself at whatever was male and nearby. She didn't look like a dyke.
It hadn't taken long for the GHB to work. Every woman was different, but Jep counted on the fact that most came to the bar hungry. Alcohol was high in calories and every woman was concerned about her figure. Skip dinner in favor of cocktails. The drugs entered quickly through an empty stomach. And while most women mellowed out, some had a bad reaction. The brunette was one of the latter.
The guy helped her when she couldn't get her feet under her. Both peered around and, for a moment, Jep feared they would spot him and decide that he was the one that had drugged her. His bowels twisted, but he remained calm and kept his head down over his drink. They left in a panic. In their wake, two casino security men appeared. Jep's heart joined his guts in doing an internal dance. For a few seconds, his vision brightened in time with his racing pulse. The experience was extraordinary.
Casino security confiscated a cup of chips that had been left behind, but that was the extent of their interest in the situation. Jep, on the other hand, decided to follow the brunette and her unfortunate acquaintance. He waited a moment and then left a ten next to his almost empty glass on the bar.
It was certainly early enough that he could try again. At another place, of course, but he was curious too.
Jep lost them briefly as the brunette and her beau left the casino. He peered left and right until he spotted the commotion. The woman was freaking out. She pulled away from the other man, but only for a moment. The people around them suddenly gave them a wide berth. They were concerned. Who was this woman? What was her fate? But they weren't going to interfere.
Half a block down the street, an engine revved. A gray Crown Victoria accelerated impatiently into traffic. Jep frowned as it headed toward the casino. The sedan turned the corner and it suddenly occurred to Jep that it was pursuing the brunette and her friend. That was ridiculous, but Jep took a step back from the street.
The vehicle moved recklessly. A cab, an SUV, and another car swerved out of its way and into others causing only minor accidents, but a knotty mess. In response, the guy scooped up the brunette and, incongruously, darted across the street. The Crown Vic had room and leapt forward. Jep was sure that the brunette was done for. Until the man carrying her stepped around the fire hydrant on the corner.
If anyone had asked him, Jep couldn't have denied that the Crown Vic had intended to run them down. Not after the car slammed into the fire hydrant and sent water fountaining into the street.
Whoever the brunette was, she was more than some tourist at a bar. Jep had the vague feeling that he had side-stepped something much bigger than an afternoon and evening of entertainment. He couldn't quite decide whether to consider himself lucky and head home or ride the adrenaline in his system and try again.
6 – Sick Day Homework

After the incident in front of the casino, Aleister circled back to his car. Dana had stopped struggling and turned into a hundred and twenty pound rag doll. Amid the emergency response dealing with the blown fireplug, Aleister had managed to not attract attention. His backseat was a mess of papers and small electronics, so he had no choice but to strap Dana into the passenger seat with the hope that she'd behave.
Quickly, he rifled through Dana's bag and found her cell phone. Of course she had one, thin and round-cornered. With the folding knife attached to his key chain, he pried out the phone's SIM chip. It wasn't a foolproof precaution, but would stop any but the most sophisticated attempt at tracking it. Luck didn't feel the urge to remove the battery. Instead, he powered the phone off.
Aleister followed the ebb and flow of traffic, changing lanes and taking turns when the opportunities presented themselves. Beside him, Dana moaned and muttered about kidnappers, assassins, and Aleister's own performance as a previous boyfriend.
"You were always good to me," she said, the drug giving her solemnity. "Always picking me up, sweeping me off my feet. You need to stop and roll down the window."
Aleister caught the last statement too late and Dana vomited on the dashboard.
He wasn't sure if he'd taken a direct or circuitous route, but eventually he'd ended up at his West Las Vegas apartment. He had rarely used this apartment. It wasn't a place he liked to spend time in. Before he retrieved Dana from the car, he unlocked the domicile's door and turned on the air conditioner inside. The window unit rattled and shook, but seemed game enough to counteract the apartment's warmth.
Aleister cleaned Dana up and propped her in the empty bathtub. She continued to drift to and from wakefulness.
Dana Spelman.
He wondered if he could have predicted this. Aleister's magic wasn't as fragile as recent events suggested. The fact of the matter was, most people didn't pay much attention to what happened around them, and not all the women that Aleister had known confounded him the way Dana Spelman did. Around her, his magic ceased behaving in the manner he expected. Often, he had been thwarted when working on his own behalf, but seldom when he worked directly for Dana's wellbeing. Meeting her at the casino had a purpose. She was in trouble and in need of some help, but Luck didn't like it when there were connections he couldn't see. He was always concerned about inadvertently harming someone when using his magic. The tangled web of this case made him wonder what collateral damage he might already be responsible for.
Dana carried a conservative, stylish purse. It was small and leather and showed little sign of wear. She had the essentials. Her now ineffectual cell phone was housed in one pocket. In another was a wallet made of leather that matched the purse. She had a driver's license, two credit cards, and a small amount of cash. There were also two tubes of lipstick, a Chapstick, sunglasses, a mirrored compact with several colors of eye shadow, a tube of mascara, several feminine hygiene products, a comb, and a hairbrush. Among the minutia was a mint, a pen, a barrette and a piece of orange paper folded into eighths. Aleister unfolded it and laughed. "Please notify security immediately if you see this man." Below the warning were three screen captures of Aleister from Devine, Chance & Merit's security cameras.
Aleister put everything back into Dana's purse and fired up his laptop. The local news website was providing up-to-the-minute coverage of the incident in front of The Flush Lady. No one had been injured, but the ensuing traffic disruption would cause problems throughout rush hour. There was no mention of a man carrying a woman away from the scene. It was likely that the spectacle of the gushing fire hydrant had helped witnesses forget what had caused the car to crash in the first place.
Next, he surfed over to the website of Devine, Chance & Merit. While they didn't list every employee, Dana was prominent enough to have a mention on the associates' page.
In the bathroom, Dana had transitioned into a deep unshakable sleep. Aleister moved her into the bedroom. She wasn't currently at risk, and it wouldn't take him long to pay a visit to Devine, Chance & Merit.
Aleister didn't need information from Dana. All that he required was properly organized intent. He intended to find out what had put Dana in jeopardy.
Instead of walking in through the lobby, Aleister decided to gain entrance through the loading docks. Every building that had a restaurant or lunch counter had a back door for deliveries. He had no problem making his way to the twelfth floor, which housed offices for DCM. Aleister stopped randomly at an office marked Gullson. The door was unlocked and the computer monitor on the desk glowed above a pile of folders and other paperwork. Aleister cleared some of the debris away from the keyboard and plugged his flash drive into the docked notebook computer.
When asked for a password, he closed his eyes and tapped a series of numbers and letters. He completely removed his hands from the keyboard before opening his eyes again and pressing the enter key.
Access was granted.
Aleister worked quickly. He copied what he could from where he could within DCM's intranet and didn't worry about the specifics. His brand of magic ensured that he would have what he needed in regards to what Dana was working on. He didn't pay attention to folder and file names. He shut off the monitor when he was finished and gathered his flash drive and the top three files on the pile of paperwork.
He turned to leave and came face to face with Davis. The brick of a man had a brace on his left ankle. Behind him were two others equally as wide, wearing similar dark suits.
"I thought I had made it clear that you aren't welcome here."
"I needed to retrieve one or two things that belong to my client."
Luck reached behind him and grabbed what he could off the desk. His fingers came across a coffee mug and he hoped that it wasn't a vessel that Gullson cared too much about. He threw it and then launched himself at the men. Davis backpedaled and nearly knocked over one of his mammoth friends. Aleister's first choice was a simple left or right. He had come from the right: the elevator lobby and other offices with doors closed to distractions. The left? The options were unknown. He chose left.
He dashed down the stylishly lavender halls and around a corner. Restrooms and a stairwell. Aleister bounded through the door to the stairwell and barreled down to the next floor. He'd never be able to outrun Davis's men.
The eleventh floor was what Aleister Luck had hoped it would be. Bustling. While the cubicles and filing cabinets were orderly, this environment had potential. Tacked to a cubicle near the stairwell was one of the orange flyers with Aleister's picture.
Aleister ducked past a bank of filing cabinets. In his wake, he heard a clamor behind him. Perhaps one of the drawers had been left open an inch and tripped the man. Maybe just the cuff of his pants had caught on the metal. It didn't matter. This was precisely what Luck needed and he didn't look back to verify what had happened. The man was out of the chase.
Aleister circled around the edge of the office. The nameplates flashed by and the ruckus had gathered attention from the clerks and assistants that were winding up their day. At the furthest corner of the floor was the Aiken Room, a meeting room with two interior walls made of three panes of glass each. Open blinds showed a meeting in progress. Luck headed for it. Glass was never a bad call.
He sharply turned to the left, heading back to the stairwell door. The big man behind Aleister did not run into the glass wall of the meeting room. He was too agile and not dumb enough. 
Neither Aleister nor Davis's man knew that the upper pane of glass was loose. Maybe a maintenance man bumped it when he replaced a bulb in one of the overhead lights in the meeting room. Or maybe it had been installed incorrectly five years previously. Whatever the case, the vibrations of men running caused the sheet of glass to tumble from its frame. The crash was much louder than Aleister expected.
He re-entered the stairwell and descended a full floor before he realized that he didn't hear footsteps behind him. He ventured a look over his shoulder to be sure.
Aleister had lost two to circumstance, and that would be enough. Davis wouldn't be able to catch up. He might wait at the bottom of the stairs. He might have more goons. But, uncertainty was where Aleister Luck thrived.
7 – Luck Scores a Client

Dana awoke to early evening summer sunlight searing through the sheer curtains of an unfamiliar window. Panic zinged through her body. The two men in the Crown Vic. What had happened? She laid absolutely still on the bed and listened.
In another room, she heard the beleaguered whir of an air conditioner, probably a window unit considering how warm it was in the bedroom. There was the sound of a refrigerator too. The white noise of both made it difficult to discern if someone else was in the apartment.
She was lying on her side and, without lifting her head, she tried to see as much of the room as she could. The walls were painted a clinical shade of green. The curtains and bedspread that she laid on top of were dusty cream. Beyond the end of the bed, against the far wall, was a dinged chest of drawers, seventeen-inch television perched atop.
And a piece of bright orange paper, tented, with "Dana" written on it in magic marker.
As quietly as she could, just in case, Dana swung her legs off the side of the bed and tried to rise. She moaned, not loudly.
She leaned heavily on the chest of drawers after she finally made it across the room. The orange paper was what she thought it was. The flyer with Aleister Luck's picture. It had been propped, folded over once, with her name on one side. On the other blank half of the sheet, a note had been left in ballpoint pen.

Dana-
I had to leave. I'll be back soon. Don't worry, you're safe. There are some clothes if you want to clean up and change.
-Aleister

Right. Aleister Luck. She faintly remembered meeting him at the casino. They had talked at the bar and then...? She didn't know. How long ago had that happened?
Another sort of panic fluttered in her chest. How late was it? She needed to call DCM and explain what had happened. With unthinking boldness, Dana left the bedroom. The door was open and her legs did a passable, if half-numb, job of getting her to the table in the kitchen where her purse sat.
Her hands were clumsy too and Dana dumped the bag's contents on to the table until she found her phone. She thumbed it on and blinked at the error message, "No SIM Card Installed." An aged landline phone, one with yards of twisted cord, had no dial tone.
Her adrenaline-fueled panic drained away, leaving her tired again. Dana pulled out a kitchen chair and slumped on it.
That was how Aleister found her when he returned.
"What happened? Where am I? What did you do with my phone?" she said by way of greeting.
"Somebody drugged you. You're in West Las Vegas. I popped the SIM card to make us harder to follow." Aleister set a pile of folders and documents on the table. Case files from Devine, Chance & Merit. "Why don't you go shower and change? You'll probably feel better afterward."
"I need to call work, unless that's the equivalent of picking up my homework." She gestured at the files.
Aleister shrugged. "It might be something like that, but I think you should hold off on calling in."
"Why?"
"Just in case. I don't know. Humor me. I still strongly suggest a shower. Whatever was given to you, it upset your stomach."
Dana acquiesced. She did stink.

* * * * *

While Dana took her shower, Aleister made coffee and rinsed out a couple mugs in the sink. He sorted through what he'd confiscated from DCM and opened his laptop. He had a case file for a man named Felix Benes and files on the flash drive that he didn't understand.
Dana had changed into the UNLV T-shirt and gym shorts that Aleister had laid out. The clothes may have come with the apartment's furnishings. Aleister wouldn't have had a reason to own them. Dana's hair was wet and the gold jewelry was now incongruous.
"How are you feeling?" he asked.
"Not good."
Aleister poured her a cup of coffee. "I don't think I have any sugar and I know I don't have milk. Can you stand it black?"
"Yeah." She took the cup, but remained standing by the sink. "What happened?"
"You were drugged, I guess. You started ranting about someone wanting to kidnap you and we were nearly run over in downtown Vegas. Who's out to kidnap you?"
She leaned against the counter and peered into the coffee cup. Abruptly, she turned to the cabinets over the sink. "Do you have anything to eat? I need to settle my stomach."
Aleister rummaged through the cupboard until he found an aged box of Pop Tarts.
"I don't have a toaster," he said.
"Shocking," she muttered. She set her coffee on the kitchen table and unwrapped a packet of pastries.
"This isn't my usual place."
"Are you still using your father's money to pay for things?"
"No, my banker uses my own money to pay for things. Be glad of that. Because I have several apartments it'll be much harder for whoever is after you to find us. That's why I removed the SIM card from your phone."
"And went through my things."
"Under the circumstances, I didn't think you'd mind. We'll get you a new wireless account later. One that won't lead anyone to you. Who's trying to kidnap you?" Aleister repeated. "Or run you down on the Las Vegas strip?"
"I don't know," said Dana. "I saw two guys in the elevator lobby when I left on my lunch break. I didn't go to lunch, I went to the gym instead. When I came back out, they were in the parking lot and followed me in their car."
"A silver Crown Vic?"
"Yeah. That's who tried to run us down?"
"Unless there's a brigade of silver Crown Victoria drivers that are out to get you. Do you think you could ID them?"
"Maybe." Dana sat, wearied. She broke off the edge of the pastry and chewed it with her coffee.
Aleister wasn't sure he wanted to contact the police just yet, but it was good to know. "Why were they chasing you?"
"I don't know." 
"You must have some idea. You were the one that suggested someone was after you." Aleister refreshed their coffee and sat across from her.
"A client of mine went missing this morning. He texted me and said he'd been abducted. I guess I figured that they're the guys involved."
"Your client was Felix Benes?" Aleister touched the files on the table.
"Yeah."
"Why did he text you?"
Dana shrugged. "I guess he trusted me."
"Who was he?"
"A biochemist. He was working on a medical diagnostic. His resources were pulled and he suspected that someone in the pharmaceutical industry was behind it. He was paranoid though. Concerned that he was being followed and that he might be in danger. He had even recently moved to a new address. I guess he wasn't paranoid after all."
"His research could cause this kind of reaction?"
"I spent yesterday afternoon going through his research, but barely scratched the surface. I don't have a handle on the implications. Are those the files from my office?" Dana picked one up and opened it. With a smirk, she unclipped a business card from inside the file.
"I found them in the office of someone named Gullson."
"Gullson? Are you sure? I mean, it doesn't seem like you know your way around DCM." She placed the card aside and liberated the second Pop Tart from its foil.
"Gullson. I threw his coffee cup at some security guards."
"That doesn't make sense," Dana muttered. "Did you know that I was working there?"
"Before today? I had no idea. I've been investigating Devine, Chance & Merit for a while now."
"Why?"
"I hadn't quite figured that out."
"You steal things from law offices for the fun of it?"
Aleister shrugged. Coincidences didn't really exist for him and he knew that Dana wouldn't believe him if he tried to explain. He'd ended up at DCM often enough to know they were important. While Smith's email had prompted him to gather some pocket money, his mind had been on Devine, Chance & Merit, not roulette. Not ironically for Aleister, he had left his winnings in a plastic cup on the bar.
"Regardless, I guess it was a good thing I ran into you as you were fleeing your potential kidnappers."
"So, they drugged me?"
"The guys that tried to run us over? Not likely."
"What do you mean, 'not likely'? Who else would—?"
"I don't know," said Aleister, "but it's not realistic for them to be behind it. They would have needed someone in the casino from nearly the moment you walked in. They didn't even know you were going there, right?"
"My intention was to try and lose them."
"It seems that you did that for just long enough."
"Long enough for what?" Dana rose and put her coffee cup in the sink. 
"Long enough to run into me. Do you know what the strangest thing was about meeting you at the casino?" Aleister asked.
"Stranger than seeing each other at two in the afternoon at a third rate casino, while I'm stalked by men in a Crown Vic and otherwise being slipped a Mickey? I can't imagine what else showed up on your radar of strange."
"We didn't fight."
"What?"
"You and I had a civil conversation instead of arguing."
"We weren't together long enough to get a good argument going."
"No, you weren't sober long enough, but that's my point. If you hadn't been drugged, what are the chances that you and I would have talked for more than five minutes before you stomped out of the casino and got run down by the thugs?"
As he expected, she rolled her eyes. "Leave it to you, Aleister, to take being GHB'd as a good thing."
8 – Meeting the Game Master

Dana's heart sank when they pulled into the strip mall's parking lot. The white stucco glared in the light of the late evening sun and the pink and lime green trim did nothing to make the building more chic. An eponymously named hair and nail salon was flanked by a Dollar General and a double storefront called Every Game. A tattoo parlor and a bartending academy rounded out the mall.
Aleister tossed his sunglasses on the dashboard and Dana envied his casualness.
They hadn't yet replaced the SIM card in her phone and, regardless, Aleister had said it might not be a good idea to call work. Additionally, she couldn't return to her apartment either. The only belongings she had access to were the ones in her purse. She wasn't overly concerned with possessions, but she felt cut off from reality without her phone and only a few meager belongings.
Aleister promised that they would fix her phone and stop to buy essentials, but this was not the kind of place that Dana had in mind. She took a deep breath and choked on the bleach smell in the car.
"Anything wrong?" Aleister asked.
"Nothing new," Dana replied.
Outside the car she headed to the dollar store, but Aleister did not.
"You need to come with me." He heaved open the door to Every Game. "We need to get a few things squared away before we get ready to travel. And I remember you having better taste in accoutrements than Dollar General."
In Dana's estimation, Every Game lived up to its name. She recognized almost none of the board games on the shelves and didn't quite know what to make of the array of cards and dice on display. Shelves on a far wall held books illustrated with dragons, green-skin bogeys, and other monsters. Another wall was covered with racks of small, unpainted pewter figures. The rest of the store's floor space was occupied by several large tables, one of which was covered with model terrain. A group of men leaned over the table and carefully positioned groups of fully decorated miniature men and vehicles. To the left of them was an array of desks with privacy dividers and power strips. Several were empty, but most had computers set up in them and others were occupied by young men using laptops. All were engaged in computer games of some sort.
"What do we need to do here?" Dana asked.
Aleister had stopped at a corkboard plastered with ads and notices. Players Wanted. Help Wanted. LAN Party on Saturday, whatever that was. Aleister plucked a tab off of a flyer advertising an apartment for rent.
"Deciding to upgrade, huh?" Dana commented. The apartment she'd woke up in left much to be desired.
Aleister pocketed the piece of paper, but said nothing.
The cashier, a young woman with pink hair, noticed Aleister over the shoulder of a customer. "Hi, Aleister. Smith's in back."
"Hi, Terri."
Dana wondered if the tattoo that flowed from Terri's shoulder to her wrist had been done at the parlor a couple doors down.
The area behind her counter included a wide selection of snack foods as well as a glass-doored refrigerator of soda and energy drinks. "I'll warn you though," said Terri, "He's working on upgrading a system for one of our customers and it isn't going well. There's been cursing."
Aleister grinned. "We'll watch ourselves."
"Do me a favor. Take one of these back with you." She took a miniature bottle of orange juice from the fridge and tossed it to Aleister. "And remind him that he hasn't eaten lunch yet."
The back room of Every Game was separated from the store by several sheets of pegboard and a metal chain that hooked between them. Beyond, ceiling-high metal shelves were piled with extra stock. Aleister picked his way through the maze of shelves until they came to an oasis with a large table in its midst.
Smith was a skinny man, less pale and older than Dana expected. He was hunched over an opened computer case and a mess of circuit boards and wires. Several other computers and a pile of textbooks vied for space on the tabletop.
"Hey, Smith," said Aleister.
"Chicky-D! Nice to see you." He barely glanced in Aleister's direction and didn't disengage from his current work. "What brings you by? Have you reconsidered collaborating on that sports betting software?"
"Sorry, Smith. I haven't given it much thought, and that's not why I'm here. I need your help, and time is a consideration."
"No, problem, Chicky-D. I'm not getting anywhere with this without a trip to Fry's. It's running way too hot. I think it's this damn antiquated video card, but Bill won't let me replace it."
"Chicky-D?" Dana asked.
"Yeah," said Smith. "Chicky-D. Short for chicken dinner. You know, 'Winner, winner, chicken dinner'? Big Al here is a pretty lucky guy. Almost as lucky as that woman in Texas who's won the lottery four times." He said everything without meeting either Aleister or Dana's gaze.
"Yes, I suppose," said Dana.
When they were dating, Dana was delighted at the ease with which Aleister made reservations and procured concert tickets. She'd figured it was a matter of connections, because it certainly wasn't due to his professional acumen. He told her about some of the post-grad work he was doing in mathematics, but she was fairly certain that he was paid a pittance.
He never told her about his gambling. On a night that he claimed a prior engagement, Dana had gone out on a rare casino jaunt with Jess. And there she had found Aleister. He wasn't out with friends; he was gambling alone, pushing forward chips without looking at them.
"God," said Jess. "He reminds me of my brother-in-law. That man needs to start twelve-stepping."
Aleister denied he had a problem, but he lost at roulette and he lost blackjack. He did it all with grim seriousness. They talked. Aleister never promised to stop gambling, and didn't. He continued to lose, and worse, continued to lie about it. That was where their relationship had ended.
"Of course, it's really just statistical clustering," Smith continued without much consideration. "It's the difference between statistics and anecdote. When you have a large sample, results conform to the expected statistics. When you look at a small slice like an individual, an anecdote, then anything can happen. 
"There was this one time I was playing Conquest of the Empire, the 1984 version with regular six-sided dice. One guy, Bill, rolled nine sixes in a row, totally wiped out one of the other players in a single round. I don't remember who it was, but it wasn't me. Anyway, the chances of that happening are one in ten million. It shouldn't happen in my lifetime, but it did. Like winning the lottery multiple times, it should happen in someone's lifetime, because there are a lot of us. Military pilots have a term for anti-aircraft rounds that hit by pure chance. They call them the Golden BB. Chicky-D is a walking Golden BB."
"Sometimes I wish I were a Golden BB, so I wouldn't have to listen to Smith talk about it," Aleister muttered.
The statement did a good enough job of derailing Smith. "So, what do you guys need?"
"First, this is for you." Aleister handed the man the bottle of orange juice. "And Terri says you should eat lunch."
Smith snorted and opened the juice. "Isn't it getting near dinner time? I'll just wait."
"We're going to need an ID and a credit card for Dana. And I wouldn't mind it if you'd take a look at some data I have."
"That's an interesting set of requests," Smith commented.
"I can provide a bonus to your usual pay since this is somewhat irregular."
"That's not necessary. Besides, irregular implies that you're ever anything but."
Preparations for the fake driver's license were taken care of quickly. From the labyrinth of metal shelves, Smith produced a plain blue background and a camera with a flash that whistled at a pitch near what a dog could hear as it recharged.
"Try to think of being at the DMV and having to wait about three hours for this picture to be taken," Smith advised.
When Dana saw the digital photo, she thought she looked desperate and plain, her hair in a ponytail, and a worried crease in her forehead.
"And I'll need your new signature." He presented her with a pad and pen. "What's your middle name?
"Beverly," said Dana.
"Does anyone ever call you that?"
"No. I've never liked it."
"Okay, how about Felicia?"
Dana shrugged. "I don't know. Why Felicia?"
Smith blinked at her. "Why not Felicia?"
 "I don't know," she repeated. She glanced at Aleister, but he was busy setting up his laptop amid Smith's mess of computers.
"How does Felicia Kendricks sound? That's K-E-N-D-R-I-C-K-S. Write it about three times and print it once."
Dana did as she was asked. "So, Aleister mentioned regular pay. Do you do this kind of work for him all the time?"
Smith shrugged. "IDs? Only every once in a while. Usually, I'm just tech support."
"But you're an employee, of Aleister's?"
"Chicky-D keeps me in the black so I don't have to worry about the store."
"How do you know how to do this?" Dana motioned toward the equipment.
"Bought the equipment as part of research for a game I was running. Seriously, you can learn and buy absolutely anything online if you know how to search. Terri doesn't exactly approve."
As if summoned by her name, the pink-haired girl peeked around one of the shelves. "I'm going to order some pizza. Would you two like some as well?"
"That would be great," said Aleister.
Smith shrugged in apathy. "Get me an order of that cheesy bread."
"Any thoughts on toppings?" Terri asked.
No one answered. Aleister had moved away from the table and was dialing his phone.
"Anyone?" Terri raised her eyebrows in Dana's direction.
"I don't know. I don't have an opinion," said Dana.
"All my choice then." Terri didn't look displeased as she ducked back around the shelves. 
"So, what files do we have?" Aleister asked.
Smith scowled. "I haven't gotten that far yet. Sheesh. Here. This is a list of names. Figure out who they are while I dig through the rest. You on the network yet?"
"Yeah."
With several gestures of the mouse, Smith moved a file from one of the thumb drives to Aleister's laptop.
"Let me see it." Dana leaned in over Aleister's shoulder.
The list had names connected to institutions and publications.
"Colleagues, do you think?" Aleister asked.
Dana nodded. "We need to get in touch with them."

* * * * *

"Templeton & Schlotz. This is Jacques. How can I help you?"
The bank was based in Zurich and Aleister didn't recognize the voice of the young man that answered the phone.
"This is Aleister Luck. I need to request some services."
"Of course, Mr. Luck," said Jacques, after he'd taken Aleister's account number. "If you'll give me a moment I'll transfer you through to Mr. Schlotz."
"That's not necessary," said Aleister. "There's no reason to interrupt Mr. Schlotz at this late hour."
"Sir, the instruction on your account is to have you speak to Mr. Schlotz. He insists. One moment, please."
Aleister sighed as Jacques transferred the call. Jacob Schlotz always handled Aleister personally. Not due to the nature of Aleister's requests, but due to the history of the business relationship.
"Hello, Aleister." The older man had a nasal voice that made him sound like he always had a bad cold. While their relationship had always been one of banker and client, Schlotz always called Aleister by his first name while Aleister only referred to his elder as Mr. Schlotz.
"Hello, Mr. Schlotz. I'm terribly sorry to bother you at this hour. I hope I didn't wake you."
"You didn't. The wife and I were up late watching a movie on TV. I hadn't fallen asleep yet. What can we do for you?"
"I'm going to be traveling over the next few days and will need enough in my discretionary fund." They never spoke in terms of an exact number.
"Relocating?"
"No. Following up with some people."
"By air?"
"Mostly." Aleister was never entirely sure and Schlotz knew that.
"My assistant Cindy should have sent your updated travel account numbers. If you don't have them, I'll transfer you back and Jacques can pull them for you."
"I have them." Aleister was sure that Cindy had sent the new cards or new account numbers or whatever it was that Aleister would require. He might have placed the cards in his wallet; it didn't matter. He'd have what he needed, but he'd learned years ago that it was best to notify Schlotz when situations like this arose.
"I also need a new card number."
"Do you want us to issue the card and send it to you?"
"That won't be necessary. Please, leave the name open until Smith contacts you in the next hour or so. I will also need a bonus sent to his account."
"None of this is a problem. Is there anything else you need?" This was not a business question. Schlotz had known Aleister's father and knew that both father and son entered into and extracted themselves from predicaments with ease. Every year, Aleister received an invitation to the Schlotz get-together, a traditional holiday social event at Gstaad Palace for family, friends, and close clients. Aleister had never attended. "What sort of job are you on?"
"I'm wrapped up in something going on here in Las Vegas. Something that found me." He imagined a silent nod from Schlotz.
"Will legal recourse be needed?"
"Possibly. I hope not." By which Aleister meant, most likely.
"We'll keep tabs then. You know to call us if you need to."
"I will do that, Mr. Schlotz. Thank you."
"Anything else?"
Aleister plucked the slip of paper from his shirt pocket. Dana had noticed his interest in procuring a new apartment. Maybe this one was not a good idea. "I'm going to need a new low profile apartment to replace the one in West Las Vegas."
"Do you have any place in particular in mind?"
He folded over the paper and shoved it back into his pocket. "No. Not at the moment."
"Let me know if you do. In the meantime, I'll get a different realtor in Las Vegas to work on finding you a new place."
"Thank you, Mr. Schlotz."
"Take care, Aleister. Let me transfer you back to Jacques."
It wasn't necessary, but Aleister waited until Jacques voice greeted him again. "You should be all set, Mr. Luck. Don't forget your passport if you plan on leaving the country."
"Thank you." He ended the call and joined Smith at the table. Smith had set Aleister's laptop next to one of his own.
Dana hovered behind. "I have no idea why he copied all that he did. I don't know what some of this is."
"It will all be useful," said Smith. "If Chicky-D collected it, it will be useful. Just give me some time to look it all over."
"We're going to head to the airport at about 10:30," said Aleister.
"The airport? Why?" Dana asked.
"We'll be heading to New York to speak with some of Felix Benes' colleagues."
"Why don't we just pick up the phone and call them?"
Smith snagged a pair of headphones from amid the computer parts and settled them in place to drown out the conversation.
"I might want to run into whomever might take an interest in them," said Aleister. "Besides, I think we have all we're going to get out of Las Vegas. Let's you and I take a quick shopping trip, get your phone sorted out, and give Smith a chance to do his thing. By the way, Smith," Aleister tapped him on the shoulder and Smith moved one headphone forward, "contact Templeton & Schlotz when you're ready for that credit card number. An extra payment should be en route to you."
"I'll press and encode the cards in a few minutes. And thanks for the bonus."
Dana insisted that their first stop be an AT&T store. Luck toyed with the idea of getting her a new phone, then thought better of it. Instead, she got a new account and a new SIM card, which Aleister installed before they got in the car.
"Keep the outgoing calls to a minimum and let the incoming go to voicemail," Luck advised.
"Fine, but I need to call my mother."
Aleister put a hand on Dana's phone. "What are you going to tell her?"
"That I'm eloping with you to New York. She always liked you." Dana yanked the phone away from Aleister.
She dialed and shifted her demeanor. "Hi, Mom. Yeah, it's me. My phone developed a problem and I ended up with a new number. I know, it's a pain. I also wanted to let you know that I'm heading out of town."
In the confines of the car, Aleister could hear a tinny version of Mrs. Spelman's side of the conversation.
"You've finally decided to take a vacation from the heat?"
"No. No vacation. I'm heading to New York City on business."
"When? What flight?"
"Leaving tonight. I don't have all the details in front of me, but before I go I'll call you with the flight number and other details, okay?"
"And you have to go tonight?"
"Yeah, I have meetings in the morning, so they're flying me out tonight. It was something that came up today. One of my clients has colleagues in the New York area and I'm going there to take their depositions."
Aleister shot her a warning look. She scowled in return. The half lie was close to the truth.
"They need you to go in person?"
"Well, it's best that way."
"How long will you be gone?"
"Couple of days. Probably not more than that."
"Maybe you can stretch it and take a day in the city. Everything is paid for right?"
Dana laughed. "Yes, everything's paid for and they're putting me up in a good hotel."
"Alone? Or are you going with someone?"
"I'm travelling with Jeremy Gullson. I don't think I've mentioned him."
"They sent you to New York with a man? You make sure he doesn't get fresh."
"Don't have to worry about that," said Dana. "I think he has a boyfriend."
Aleister snorted at Mrs. Spelman's language and Dana's choice of lies.
"Are you going to call when you get there?" her mother asked.
"No. It will be really late. I'll call you tomorrow morning sometime."
"Okay, hon. Take care and be safe."
"I will."
"Love you!"
"Love you, too."
Dana ended the call with a beep. She would have made another if they hadn't arrived at the mall. She shopped, grimly, and didn't spend long in any one store. Several boutiques reaped three new outfits, an assortment of hair accessories, and a pair of more comfortable shoes. They stopped at Target for necessities like shampoo, deodorant, and underwear. Aleister paused in the luggage aisle long enough to pick out an overpriced carry-on bag for her. Everything was paid for by random cards from Aleister's wallet.
When they returned to Every Game, Terri was distractedly reading a thick fantasy novel as the group around the model terrain discussed, loudly, some subtlety of the rules. The clientele playing network games had increased. In the back, the pizza was still warm and Smith was where they had left him, though he'd removed his headphones.
"What do you think about the files?" Aleister waited until the question penetrated Smith's bubble of concentration.
He clicked over to a folder. "These files are from R. That's a software package for statistical computing. It's fairly popular in the biotech research community. You might have mentioned that Benes was a cancer researcher. That would have been helpful."
"Sorry." Aleister gathered a paper plate and a thick slice of pepperoni pizza.
"Well, it looks like these researchers found a way to predict what drugs would work against a certain cancer by what genes were mutated." Again Smith clicked between several open files. "Benes seems to be saying that cancer drug treatments are frequently unhelpful, and that this diagnostic can determine the chance a certain drug and gene configuration can lead to a successful treatment."
"That a good thing, right?" asked Aleister.
"It's good for patients," said Dana, "but not for companies that make cancer drugs. If their therapies are used in a more targeted manner, they'll lose the sales they would get from treatment trial and error."
"It could end up being a big loss of revenue. That's why Benes' research was being stifled," said Smith. "You do not want to get on the bad side of Big Pharma."
"How does Devine, Chance & Merit play into this?" Aleister asked.
"The law firm?" Smith shrugged. "Why would they be involved?"
"I work for them," said Dana. "Someone drugged me, tried to run me over this afternoon, and Aleister found these files on the desk of another associate in the office."
"Maybe they decided to put more people on the case while you were out?" Smith asked. "Since the police were involved, wouldn't they be worried about their liability exposure or something?"
"Mr. Felts told me this morning to put it on the back burner and make sure my other cases were given the proper attention. It seemed that he wanted the case paused. He mentioned nothing of increasing our work on it. It wouldn't be done behind my back, regardless."
"Are you sure?" Aleister asked. The sentiment sounded too bitter to be believed.
Dana clenched her jaw. "Gullson wouldn't pass up the opportunity to gloat if he were put on the case to look over my shoulder. He wouldn't just take the files, he'd make a show of it."
"Plus," said Aleister, "you said Benes was paranoid. How many people do think he shared his new address with? And the men that were after you followed you from work. From DCM."
"Could DCM be getting paid to bury this?" Smith suggested. "Some pharmaceutical company might have found out what was going on and hired someone to fix the problem. Big Pharma? Meet Evil Law Firm."
Smith shook with mock fear and then abruptly popped from his seat.
"How does he know about statistics programs and cancer genes?" Dana asked when Smith was a set of shelves away.
"Smith has a lot of education and even more hobbies," said Aleister. "Some of us work by not paying much attention to the world. Others, like Smith, keep their eyes open to everything."
"Here you go Ms. Kendricks." Smith returned and handed Dana her new ID and a credit card.
Dana frowned over the two pieces of plastic. "I'm from Arizona?"
"Yeah, that's the template that came with the equipment." Smith was apologetic and Aleister had known him long enough to have heard the next part several times over. "My first thought was that I wanted a template from North Dakota."
"I guess that makes sense. I doubt the TSA guys have seen many licenses from North Dakota."
"Exactly. If no one is familiar with it, no one can properly scrutinize it. But then I noticed something important on the Arizona ID."
"What? I don't see anything other than it looks outdated, and the picture is faded."
"Precisely! Look at when it was issued and when it expires."
"1999 and 2043?"
"Yeah. I had to bump up your age a little to make you 21 when it was issued, but there's a silver lining."
"I have a crummy looking ID with a faded picture?"
"No, you have a low tech ID. No holograms, no meaningful fluorescent markings. There's no way it will be identified as a fake. Oh, there's more. I have a custom case for your phone that has a hidden sleeve for your fake IDs. You don't want the authorities finding more than one ID in your possession. Let me show you where it is."
"Does Aleister have one? I haven't seen him use it."
"Chicky D? I gave him one, but I'm not sure if he's used it. That doesn't mean you shouldn't, by the way. Hand me your phone."
"Why?"
"I need to install some security software on it before you head to the airport."
9 – Mr. Borhan and Ms. Kendricks go to New York

When traveling alone, airports were tiring places for Aleister Luck.
On the one hand, every traveler was the object of vigilance. Cameras, security personnel, and bored people-watchers in airport bars all observed with varying levels of interest. Under those circumstances, it was difficult for Aleister to do anything.
On the other hand, an airport offered many options. Aleister knew that fellow passengers were truly interested in one thing: what they themselves were doing. Travel veterans who were overly familiar with the routines of kiosks, metal detectors, and transferred flights showed purposeful disinterest in what happened to others. In those gaps, Aleister could work if he needed.
With Dana along? Aleister braced himself for a very long trip. Despite any effect she had on him, Dana was an efficient, ambitious woman. She didn't like being kept in the dark or being out of control.
"Did you print out our tickets?" she asked as she headed toward the check-in kiosks. Aleister stopped her with a hand on her elbow and steered her to a counter.
"Follow my lead," he reminded her.
The young man at the check-in counter gave Aleister a strained smile. "Where will you be flying to tonight?"
Most of his job involved verifying boarding passes and checking bags. These days, it was rare that someone approached his counter needing to book a flight.
"New York. La Guardia." Aleister hadn't glanced at the departure board. "Non-stop, please."
The clerk tapped his touch screen. "There are three seats left on the 12:15 flight, and I see that there are two together. That's our last non-stop until morning."
"The twelve-fifteen sounds good." Aleister drew a credit card and his driver's license from his wallet. Without looking at them, he knew the names on them would match.
"Would you like to book a return trip as well?"
"Not at this time."
The clerk saw that Aleister was only carrying a backpack, but still asked, "Checking any baggage this evening, Mr. Borhan?"
"No."
The clerk drummed his fingers on the top of his console while the boarding pass printed. He tucked it and Aleister's card into an envelope and wrote the departure gate number on the outside in green marker. "And you as well, ma'am?"
"Yes, we're..." To Aleister's relief, she didn't try to justify their pairing with any particular story. "Yes, La Guardia. Same flight."
She also remembered to use her Kendricks ID and didn't bat an eyelash when called by that name.
"Have a good trip. Thank you for flying Delta." Even as he said it, the clerk had shifted his focus to the next travelling businessman in line.
Despite additional attention from TSA, Aleister and Dana made it through security with over an hour to spare. The passengers for the 11:25 to Chicago filled the chairs at the gate and instead of sitting among them, Aleister angled toward the McDonald's.
"Coffee and an apple pie?" Aleister asked.
"Those things are terrible for you," said Dana.
"How about some cookies, then?"
"Well, at least that's tastier. Sure."
He left her and his bag at a counter with stools. When he returned, she was on the phone. Aleister couldn't help but overhear.
"Flight 332. We have about an hour wait." She frowned. "No, Mom, go ahead and get to bed. You don't have to worry about us getting off the ground. Everything will be fine." Mrs. Spelman's response must have been amenable. "Alright. Good night. Love you too."
She ended the call and dialed another number. "Let me call Jess too. She'll cause trouble if I don't let her know what's going on."
"Jess? Trouble? I can't believe that. Keep your story the same, though."
"Yeah, yeah."
Dana scowled at Aleister and took a step away from the high table and the cookies and coffee that Aleister had brought.
Jessica had a commercial art class on Tuesday nights and, as Dana expected, she was out at Mickie Finnz socializing. Dana was surprised she answered the unknown number.
"–don't know. Hello?"
"Hi, Jess. It's me."
"Hey, lady, what's going on? You tell me about some creeps ogling you and then all I get is 'phone is unavailable'."
"That was nothing. Just me being paranoid. I can tell that you were extremely worried." Dana heard the dull roar of the late crowd in the background.
"I was preparing for any eventuality, either celebratory or stressful, with a drink."
"Celebratory?"
"In case one of the creeps turned out to be not so creepy. You going to join us? What's with the new number?"
"Phone crapped out on me."
"Bummer."
"Yeah. Worse, I'm at the airport. Work is sending me to New York."
"What, tonight? That's abrupt. Are they sending you alone?" Jess had put up a hand to shield her phone from the noise. The surroundings took on a muffled tone.
"No. They stuck me with Gullson."
"Isn't that the ambitious twerp you mentioned last week?"
"The same."
Jess made a disapproving noise. "So, no fun for you tonight."
"Nope, unless you think that airports are fun."
"They can be!"
"Not when I have to work early in the morning on east coast time."
"Yeah, I suppose," said Jess. "Don't work too hard. I'll call you tomorrow."
Aleister was still picking at his pie and looked engrossed at whatever was on his laptop screen.
Dana took Det. Moore's card from her purse, entered the number into her phone, added it to her contact list, and dialed it.
"This is Detective David Moore. I'm away from my desk. Please, leave me a message and I will return your call ASAP. If you need an immediate response, call the operator and ask to be put through to the duty officer."
Dana waited for the beep. "Detective Moore, this is Dana Spelman. I need to update my contact information with you."
She gave him her number, but didn't leave any other message. Amidst a bout of phone tag wasn't the right time to tell him about everything that was going on. Doubtless, he'd tried to get a hold of her today and had either left her orphaned messages or, like Jess, learned that her phone was unavailable.
When she returned, she unstowed the laptop Terri had loaned her. Smith had offered his first, but then learned that Dana wasn't entirely proficient at using Linux. He seemed somewhat relieved when it was decided that she should take Terri's HP instead. It was older and slower, but would do the job.
"Don't worry," she had told Dana, "I'm more of a print medium kind of girl. I won't even miss the thing."
Smith had loaded all the info from Aleister's thumb drive along with copies of any notes he had made about the documents.
Dana fumbled around the program menus and desktop icons for an internet browser.
"Who's Detective Moore?"
A moment passed before she realized that Aleister had listened in on her conversation and was asking about it.
"Believe it or not," Dana said tightly, "when a client texts me about his abduction, I notify the police."
"The name stuck out because I know a Detective Moore at the LVMPD."
"Oh, really?"
"He's a good guy," said Aleister.
"Glad that he has your seal of approval."
Dana had two email messages. Both were follow-ups regarding other cases. Dana did her best to answer questions, and explained that circumstances had taken her away from the office. She wasn't sure of her status at DCM, but she did feel some responsibility to the clients in her charge. Until things were settled she'd do the best she could for them. The two emails didn't offer much in the way of distraction from her current predicament. The messages concerned neither Felix Benes nor her afternoon absence from the office.
Next, she turned her attention to the roster of scientists that Smith had fastidiously put together. The internet, particularly PubMed at the National Center for Biotechnology Information, was indispensable for looking up their publication history.
Across from her, Aleister was eating his pie and counting his change.
"There's a Rashmi Aggarwal at Columbia," said Dana. "She seems pretty influential in the field and is a major contributor on these papers. And George Pitzner at Princeton." She winced as the coffee burnt her tongue. Aleister had ordered it with milk and added a sugar packet. He'd remembered. "Pitzner doesn't seem like much more than a perpetual post-doc though. Still, I suppose we might as well meet with him since Princeton isn't far from Columbia."
Aleister opened his own laptop, but didn't answer her.
Dana popped the lid off her coffee and blew on it. "And then on to Boston or Cambridge, I presume?"
Aleister remained silent, apparently engrossed in what was on his computer's screen. For a moment, sitting in an airport across from her ex-boyfriend, Dana felt an acute sense of unreality.
"Aleister?"
"Hmm?"
"How often do you visit The Flush Lady?" She tried to sound nonchalant as she nibbled on one of her cookies.
"Occasionally. Not often. Why?
"Just strange that I ended up there. Where you were." At least she had gotten a response from him. "Anyway, I appreciate what you're doing for me. Things became very serious very quickly. I wouldn't have been able to get a new ID or credit cards. I wouldn't have known where to go."
"Well, Smith isn't in the phone book. I'm sure you could have found someone that DCM was defending." She ignored the sideways insult.
"I didn't think about the SIM card. I wouldn't have known where to start."
"Dana, I'm doing what needs to be done."
She wanted to ask him why he was doing it, why he was taking responsibility for what "needed to be done."
"Listen," she said instead, "I can pay you when I'm back to normal, but right now..."
Aleister shook his head. "Don't worry about money. I was on DCM's bulletin boards for a reason. This isn't just about you or Felix Benes. You're probably not the most important part of this. If I had thought it was safe to leave you in Las Vegas, I would have. But it's not, so I'm taking you with me."
"I know. I just..." His brusqueness stung. "I want you to know that I'm grateful. I want to help in any way I can. What is our plan?"
"Do your research, but know it's for your own benefit. I have my own way of working."
"And it's not something that you're going to explain to me," she said.
"I've explained before and, honestly, I'm concerned that you'll get in the way of it."
"Then I'll leave you to it," she muttered.
Aleister dug his mp3 player from his laptop bag and put on his earphones. The conversation was ended.
Dana napped during the flight, reviewed files, and briefly delved into Terri's folder of archived ebooks. Most featured dragons or spaceships, neither of which was to Dana's taste. Aleister kept his earbuds in, and Dana wondered if he listened to music the entire time or kept them in to avoid conversation.
After deplaning, Dana dutifully followed and didn't speak to him again until Aleister merged on to the I-278, headed to New Jersey in the burgeoning morning light.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
"Looks like we're going to Princeton. George Pitzner, right?"
"I thought that Rashmi Aggarwal at Columbia was the better choice. It's not far. Pitzner's a nobody."
Aleister shook his head. "Princeton, first. We're pointed there and that's where we're going."
Dana shrugged at the traffic outside the passenger-side window and decided not to argue for now. She itched to call Jessica or her mother or David Moore, but it was early here in New York. It would be even earlier in Vegas.
It was going to be a very long day.
10 – Predatory Flower

Habits and routines made people exploitable. This was a fundamental truth of Nicolas Howell's current occupation.
Felix Benes, under his own paranoid duress, had given up his routines by moving, by having no job or position. But he had still been in the habit of late-night computing and wearing headphones to insulate himself from the annoyances of the world. Howell couldn't have predicted the habit, but it had made that job stupidly easy.
Usually, all one needed to divine routines was time and a good position to observe them.
In this case, Nicolas Howell had neither, again.
He'd arrived in New York City less than twenty-four hours ago with his employer urging him to complete his next task as soon as possible. Howell had no time for a proper stake-out and, honestly, he wasn't disappointed. Recon could be tedious. Plus, he didn't need to worry about finding an appropriate house or apartment to watch from. Parking in New York walked a line between sensible and maddening incomprehensibility, but few people questioned a man sitting in his vehicle no matter the time of day.
Rashmi Aggarwal lived in one of the red brick apartment houses that lined the Fort George neighborhood. According to the address, she was on the fourth floor. With a little research on the internet, he found out that her spouse, Ernest White, was faculty at Boston College. She would probably be alone during the week, but it was summer, so Howell couldn't be certain. Maybe the job would be simple, and maybe not. Howell was looking forward to finding out. He also found the layout of her building online on a realty website and spotted what should be her windows. He double-checked his information with the tenant list on the door.
The apartment building currently had no vacancies. Howell was occasionally lucky, but there was not enough luck on Manhattan Island to give him an empty apartment flanking his target. Still, this was New York. Howell didn't expect nosiness to be a significant factor.
He had buzzed her apartment last night, claiming to be delivering a pizza to someone by the name of White. He'd found out that she was at home and her husband wasn't. Before settling in for the night he took a walk up the street and detoured back to his car through one of the area's parks. He'd bought a couple of cans of spray paint at a local hardware store and blackened a single random traffic light and, three intersections later, all the cameras watching for red light runners. One old man seemed to notice his action against the cameras and cheered it.
Rashmi's light was still on when Howell returned to his rented sedan. Apparently, she didn't sleep much. Her apartment went dark after midnight and she was awake and moving around again at 5am. At a quarter to six, or there about, she went jogging. She was a fit enough looking woman that Howell figured she'd be gone for at least forty minutes.
Too early to impersonate another pizza delivery man, Howell opted for his morning cover. He buzzed "Halviz" on the sixth floor. He pushed the button twice and when no one answered, he leaned on the buzzer.
"Yes, what?" The voice that answered was accented.
"Can you let me in?" Howell asked.
"What? Who is this?"
"I'm from Hillside Laundry. I'm supposed to deliver dry-cleaning to 612."
"This isn't 612. This is 632."
"I know, I know," Howell said quickly. "There's no answer at 612, but I need to leave these. Expedited, it says. Can I leave them with you?"
With some hemming and hawing, Mr. Halviz let Howell in. Aggarwal was on the fourth floor. Chances were very good that, even if the cranky Mr. Halviz came looking for the Hillside Laundry man, he'd never run into Howell. He probably wouldn't recognize Howell as being out of place in the building. Regardless, Howell planned on being in and out before any search was made for the fictional dry-cleaning.
The lock on Aggarwal's door was decent and it took Howell half a minute to pick it.
Rashmi Aggarwal was pretty much what Howell expected her to be. Middle aged, and probably spurred-on to expend effort on improving her health by the occasional ache and post-forty weight-gain. She had an exercise bike tucked in the corner of her tiny apartment and an assortment of race bibs pinned to a corkboard by her PC. The shelves in her kitchen nook were littered with supplement bottles and healthy cookbooks. She owned a juicer. Stuck to the 'fridge door with a red, blue and yellow elephant magnet was a picture of Rashmi Aggarwal and a taller black man Howell recognized as Dr. White.
Howell opened the refrigerator, his latex-gloved hands leaving no trace.
He predicted that he would find an array of vegetables, juices, and diet sodas. He looked at eye-level for a plastic container of leftovers, set away from the rest of the butter and yogurt containers. Instead, he found several large dishes. They contained stewed chicken curry with vegetables, and steamed rice. There was enough to feed about twenty to thirty people, depending on how good the curry turned out to be.
The pungent smell of the sauce made Howell's stomach gurgle. 
Monkshood was a beautiful flower. Bright purple and blue in color with multiple blossoms clustered together. It was inadvisable to plant the flowers in beds where young children played. They were irresistible, but even touching them could be deadly.
Howell took the small plastic bag of ground monkshood roots and stems from his pocket. Gingerly, he sprinkled the contents over the surface of the sauce. The particles soaked into the oil of the curry and became indistinguishable from other spices. Howell had thought that he had more of the monkshood than he would need. Instead, the large quantity of food required all that he had.
11 – Fashionably Late

Detective Ray Sanyo couldn't get the hang of filling out electronic reports. It wasn't like he was some old codger that couldn't deal with technology; he loved the department's data system and found the new in-cruiser response systems to be invaluable. But there was no amount of coffee in the world that could keep him from tabbing when he shouldn't. He was attempting for the fourth time to keep Felix Benes' street address and city in different fields when David Moore finally flopped down in the second creaky office chair in their cubicle.
"So nice of you to join us this morning," Sanyo commented.
Moore muttered something unintelligible. He smelled of cheap coffee.
"Late night out with the lawyer?"
"It would be very unprofessional for me to date someone involved in an open case," said Moore.
"Uh huh." Sanyo had known David Moore since Moore's patrol days. If they weren't partners, they'd probably hang out together away from work. Barbecue and beers, things like that. He knew when Moore was hopeless for a girl.
"Besides, I haven't gotten hold of her since we talked to her in person."
Sanyo frowned at something that wasn't his report for the first time in the past hour. "What? I thought you left her a message yesterday about Benes' cousin?"
Moore had tracked down Benes' cousin, Milos, one of the few relatives that lived in the States. Milos hadn't talked to Benes in a few weeks. That wasn't unusual. Benes was obsessive when it came to his work and weeks would go by without hearing from him.
"He has theories on everything," Milos had told them. Benes was the family eccentric, and tended to ruffle professional feathers, but Milos had not thought that he was the type to make mortal enemies.
 Benes' immigration status had checked out. He had no record aside from a couple of parking violations. As a citizen, there was nothing outstanding about Felix Benes.
"Never heard back. Tried calling her after business hours and only got a phone-not-in-service message."
Before Sanyo could comment, Moore picked up his work phone and checked his messages.
Sanyo watched as Moore's face went from blank to smiling.
"See, now don't you wish you took your work phone home with you?"
"No," Moore answered after his last message. Moore made a habit of "forgetting" his work phone. If dispatch needed him, he reasoned, they knew where to find him. That wasn't a problem in Sanyo's book, though he dutifully took his phone with him and usually regretted it.
"She left me a message with a new number. Her phone died."
"You're way too excited."
"Well, I was a little worried. Benes disappears, then Dana is unreachable. That's a little weird, but it's all good now."
Moore's satisfied smile told Sanyo that Moore was now dialing his future girlfriend, Dana Spelman.

* * * * *

They met George Pitzner in his office at Princeton. Or rather, the corner of an office that Pitzner shared with two graduate students. Neither of the students had worked on the project with Benes and Pitzner. In fact, as Pitzner launched into an elaborate description of his part in the research related to Benes' diagnostic, one of his office mates excused herself with an eye-roll. She had obviously been subjected to enough bragging by Pitzner about the publication in The Lancet Oncology.
Dana took the lead in questioning Pitzner. She was comfortable enough with Benes' research that, for a few minutes, she felt in control of her world. She buried her fears and reservations under her carefully cultivated veneer of lawyerly polish. Whatever their motivations in this matter, Devine, Chance & Merit was a prestigious law firm. Dana wasn't fast-tracked there for nothing. She subtly kept Pitzner on track and got the information that she needed.
Within ten minutes, it was obvious that George Pitzner was of no use to the investigation. He had exchanged emails with Benes over a minor detail regarding cancer screenings. Pitzner's research and expertise had been peripherally important and occurred more than two years ago.
Pitzner was exactly what Dana had expected and they arrived back at the rental car well before the time on the parking meter expired.
Before Dana got in the car, her phone chimed from within her purse. The call was from Det. Moore.
"I'm going to take this," she said to Aleister. From the driver's seat, Aleister waved a hand and sat back in his seat.
"Hello?"
"Hi, Dana. This is Detective Moore. I tried to reach you yesterday, but had no luck."
Dana had to decide. Everything since the casino had been a whirlwind. She hadn't meant to keep the LVMPD out of the loop, but everything had happened so quickly. Her attempts to call Moore had been unsuccessful, although she could be accused of not trying hard enough. On the other hand, Moore hadn't been too diligent about answering his phone.
"Detective, I'm glad to finally be talking to you. There are a few things I should let you know."
"Uh...okay. Shoot." Obviously, Moore was prepared to launch into his own update.
"During my lunch break yesterday afternoon, I was followed from DCM to the gym. When I tried to lose them after leaving the gym, they became reckless."
"Can you give me a description? What do you mean by reckless?"
"There was a car accident yesterday evening. A Crown Victoria hit a fire hydrant. That was them."
"That was them? Are you sure?"
She wasn't. If Aleister was correct, her being drugged had nothing to do with her stalkers, but she only had his word to go on about the events outside the casino. "I'm pretty sure," she said.
"You'll have to come in and give us a statement and identify them."
"I can't. I'm not in the state right now."
"Where are you, Dana?" Detective Moore had pretty consistently called her by her surname and the familiarity of her given name felt awkward.
"I'm in Princeton, New Jersey at the moment."
"Why are you there? I'm not sure if it was wise of you to leave Nevada."
"Listen," said Dana. In the car, Aleister was tapping his fingers against the steering wheel. "Devine, Chance & Merit isn't doing anything about the Benes case. In fact, they might have had something to do with Benes' disappearance. I'm here following up with some of his colleagues. There's another at Columbia and a third up in Cambridge at the Whitehead Institute. After I talk to them, I'll head back to Las Vegas. I need to go now, and I'll be in touch with you soon."
She hung up and switched off the ringer on her phone.

* * * * *

As he thought about the interview, Aleister couldn't shake the feeling that if this were roulette, it would be one of those times when he went bust, even though he'd believed that he would win.
To her credit, Dana kept her phone call short. While talking to George Pitzner, she'd maintained a friendly and enthusiastic demeanor. Now, she looked tired.
"That was LVMPD," she told Aleister. "They know I'm in the New York area and that I suspect that the guys who ran into the fire hydrant were after me. They also know that I think DCM has something to do with Benes' disappearance."
"Are you sure that was wise, letting them know?"
Dana shrugged. "I don't know much right now, Aleister. I just decided that it probably was a bad idea to outright lie to the cops."
Aleister could see her point, but wondered if this was what was causing his unease. "Did you mention that you were here with me?"
Dana frowned. "No. I don't think I did."
"It's Detective David Moore and his partner is Ray Sanyo, right?"
"Yeah, we went over this earlier," said Dana. "Do you know them well enough for me to give them your regards next time I talk to them?"
"Sure, why not." The ivorine ball didn't often land where Aleister didn't intend, but he was getting the idea it had.
Dana said nothing more until they were back on the I-278. The weather was overcast and a light mist washed the Jersey foliage into an unnaturally bright shade of green.
"So, did we get what we needed from that interview?" Dana had her arms folded across her chest. 
"It didn't go as planned," said Aleister.
"As planned. How had you planned it? Not that I want to interfere with the way you work, but I'm not sure I understand."
Aleister didn't have an answer.
How could he explain that he hadn't consciously made the decision to go to Princeton first? He had gotten in the car at La Guardia and drove. He hadn't realized that they were headed to New Jersey until he saw the road signs.
He hoped that Dana would wear out the subject.
"Pitzner was as I said he would be. I could do his job if I'd have worked in a biology lab in college. If Smith is right about what's going on, to what lengths will these pharmaceutical companies go? Could the people on this list be in danger? I mean, the ones that actually know something. George Pitzner is relatively safe. But how long do we have before–"
"I don't know," said Aleister. "You don't know either. Who's at Columbia?" He hoped to distract her at least for a few miles.
Dana retrieved her borrowed laptop and referred to the note she had taken on the plane. "Dr. Rashmi Aggarwal. Her name is on about two dozen papers. Her specialty is the genetics of cancer. I would say that she's one of the best contacts we might have."
The way Aleister's luck worked around Dana, he hoped she was wrong. 
Aleister knew the concern about Aggarwal was correct as they approached Columbia. Traffic came to a standstill within a mile of the campus. Dana spotted the slowly flashing white and blue lights of the police cruiser before Aleister.
"I wonder what's the matter," she whispered. "This can't have anything to do with why we're here."
Aleister shook his head. "No. Rashmi Aggarwal is dead."

* * * * *

The receptionist at the lobby desk of Devine, Chance & Merit's building smiled with false cheer as Sanyo and Moore flashed their badges.
"How can I help you?"
"We'd like speak with Dana Spelman. Could you buzz her for us?"
Instead, the secretary consulted her computer screen. "I'm sorry. She's not available at the moment."
Moore put his elbows on the counter and leaned forward. "Is she in a meeting? Will she be available later?"
This whole trip was Moore's idea. His phone conversation with Dana had left him antsy and suspicious of DCM. Sanyo agreed that something might be going on, but he insisted that Moore play Columbo. It was always better to keep information close to your vest, but actively playing dumb annoyed Sanyo.
"Ms. Spelman is unavailable. She's not answering her extension. If you'd like, I can take a message."
"Miss," Moore reminded her, "I'm a detective with the LVMPD. How about you get me talking to someone who might know something about the Benes case since that's why I'm here? If Ms. Spelman can't help us, how about you get her boss?"
"Just one moment." While unimpressed, the receptionist worked the phone and quietly explained and maybe re-explained her predicament. Eventually, she turned back to Moore. "The Benes case is currently being handled by Mr. Gullson. Twelfth floor."
"Thank you," said Moore.
Sanyo offered the secretary a smile that was only marginally more sincere than hers or Moore's.
The twelfth floor had no secretary. Instead, Moore and Sanyo started checking cubical signs and office doors. Halfway down the hallway, Sanyo stopped at a bulletin board. An orange flyer caught his attention. He read it twice before he took the page of paper off the board and pocketed it.
"Detectives Sanyo and Moore?" The question belonged to an older man.
"Mr. Gullson?" Moore asked.
"No, indeed not. I'm Richard Felts, a partner here at Devine, Chance & Merit. I'm available to speak to you about the Benes case."
Sanyo traded a glance with Moore and David shrugged.
"If you will follow me?" Felts led them into the Scoville Room, furnished with gleaming steel chairs and a glass-topped table. "How can I help you gentlemen this morning?"
Richard Felts wasn't more than five-ten. The color of his finely tailored suit matched his mouse gray hair. He was slim and fit for a man old enough to have hound-dog wrinkles. He congenially leaned on the edge of the glass table.
Moore and Sanyo took seats in the surprisingly comfortable steel chairs.
"We are investigating the disappearance of Felix Benes," Moore began. "We spoke to Dana Spelman previously. Unfortunately, we need to do a follow-up and we haven't been able to contact her."
"The case has been reassigned to Jeremy Gullson," said Felts, "but I doubt that he's had an opportunity to closely examine the documentation."
"Why was the case reassigned?" Moore asked.
"Ms. Spelman was rattled by Dr. Benes' disappearance and requested the change. Further, she's decided to take a leave of absence. In the meantime, I can do my best to answer any questions you might have."
"Before Felix Benes went missing, Ms. Spelman said that Benes was concerned about his own welfare. Did she mention any misgivings to you?" Sanyo asked.
"Misgivings? No. She thought Benes was slightly overreactive, but that his initial claim had some validity. We agreed that the case needed to be vetted by experts in the cancer research field."
"Was she planning to travel for that?"
"I doubt there was need to. While I'm not entirely comfortable in this world of emails and cell phones, I know my associates are very familiar with such methods. And besides, Mr. Benes disappeared. She had less reason to follow through until he was located."
"Ms. Spelman wasn't at all concerned about her own safety, was she?" Moore asked.
"Not that I know of. As I said, she seemed rattled by the events, but I didn't feel it was beyond what might be reasonable."
"She can afford to take a leave of absence, then? It's no trouble to you?"
Felts shrugged. "It is, of course, an imposition, but again, nothing beyond reason."
"We haven't been able to reach Dana Spelman," said Moore.
Felts frowned, and Sanyo finally saw concern fall into place on his face. "Do you think something has happened to her?"
"There could be many possible reasons as to why we haven't heard from her," said Moore. "Maybe she decided to turn her phone off for a few days, or, who knows? Maybe she dropped it in water and hasn't gotten a new one yet."
Sanyo slipped a card from his notebook case. "If you hear from Miss Spelman, please give us a call. Or if anything else occurs to you that might be of interest. We'd also like to speak with Gullson, once he's familiarized himself with what's going on."
"Of course." Felts slipped the card into his pocket without looking at it.
"Uh, one other thing. I noticed this on the bulletin board outside." Sanyo produced the orange flyer. "Has this guy been causing some problems for your security staff?"
Felts grimaced, for effect. "That."
"Is there a reason you haven't called us in to help out on this?" Sanyo asked.
"I think that the pride of our security chief is mostly the reason we haven't turned to outside help. Rest assured, that man is fairly harmless. There's been a mild case of trespassing. Nothing more."
"Well, you have our card if you need us on that count too."
In the elevator, Moore shook his head. "Liar, liar..." he whispered.
"Pants on fire," Sanyo finished. "Although, I'm not sure what to make of it. Maybe she is taking some time off. At least that's what she could have told them."
Moore shook his head. "I don't know. I wish she'd answer her damn phone again."
The elevator stopped and a young woman in a business suit got on and pushed the button for the third floor.
The police detectives kept quiet until she left and then resumed.
"Then there's this." Sanyo pulled the flyer from his pocket and handed it to Moore.
"Aleister Luck is the harmless guy that's been trespassing?"
"Yeah."
"Do you think they know he's not harmless?"
"I'm guessing that they're more worried than they're letting on."
12 – Sea of Humanity

Nicolas Howell's headache grew in proportion to the size of the crowd around the biological sciences building.
He had attempted his own brand of crowd control after leaving Rashmi Aggarwal's apartment. He had armed a couple of questionable skateboard kids with two cans of paint and fifty dollars each to vandalize as many signs and traffic lights near Columbia University as they could. Howell bought a package of paper lunch bags and covered parking meters with them, being careful to avoid traffic cops and overly interested New Yorkers. When faced with a covered parking meter, most people drove by without investigating too closely whether the cover was official.
Unfortunately, such measures didn't have enough of the intended effect. Pedestrians milled around outside the police barricade or lingered as they passed by on the way to other destinations. For perhaps the fiftieth time, he checked the photos that he kept as a page-marker in the book he was pretending to read.
One picture was a fuzzy security camera photograph of a very plain man. Howell could possibly pick this man from a lineup, but it would be difficult. The photo was bad, and the man had few distinguishing features. The other picture was of a brown-haired woman. This was a professional portrait. Her makeup and hair were flawless. She wore business casual, which would stick out on a college campus. If that was what she would choose to wear on any random day of the week. If she dressed like a student or teacher, she was young enough to blend in.
On the best day, Howell would have needed luck to suss the two out. With the crowd that had accompanied the ambulances and the police, it would be impossible. His skull pounding, he decided to call it a day.
He fished his phone from his pocket and called his employer, a man that Howell knew as Cardamom.
"The crowd has gotten big and diverse here. If they showed up, I've missed them. If they are going to show up, it's unlikely I'll spot them," he explained.
"I see," said the voice on the other end. "You feel that the probability of success is unreasonably low for you to waste your time there?"
"I believe Dr. Bohr in Boston is my next target."
"Cambridge," Cardamom corrected. "but, yes. I'd like you to take care of Dr. Bohr tomorrow."
"Tomorrow? Why the rush?"
Howell was being paid very well for this job and, thus far, Cardamom had been an undemanding and competent employer. Howell had figured that would continue, as it usually did. Successful criminals were careful people and therefore quite boring. This was a palatable change, but one that he wasn't going to allow to pass without taking advantage.
"Contact has already been made in Princeton," said Cardamom. "I expect the Boston area will be next."
"I'm not ready," Howell admitted. "I don't have the proper materials."
"Just use the monkshood."
"I don't have any more monkshood. Since I wasn't given much lead time on Aggarwal, the situation was not ideal. I used all I had." The situation was so not ideal that Howell had poisoned several biology labs with the help of Rashmi Aggarwal's apparently tasty curry. "Besides, it's not the brightest idea to use the same MO twice."
"What do you require for Bohr?"
Howell had basic profiles of all his targets. Dr. John Bohr was in his mid sixties and had continuing heart problems. His last heart attack had prompted a triple bypass.
"Dronedarone" said Howell. "It's an antiarrhythmic medication. Interacts badly with heart medications."
"Do you know who to go to?"
Howell grimaced. He didn't like interacting with druggies. Courting the unexpected and willingly subjecting yourself to chaos were two different things. Drug users and dealers inevitably led to unmanageable situations due to their irrationality. "Our agreement was that you would procure any needed supplies."
"Yes, I know," said Cardamom. "This is a regrettable circumstance. I understand that you want to have a middle man in certain cases. Unfortunately, I do not have time to provide one. Fortunately, you have a reputation for flexibility. Do you know who to go to?"
Howell had contacts in both New York and Boston. "Yes. I'll need ten grand to cover the extra expenses."
"That's amenable," said Cardamom. The call ended.
Howell had expected some resistance to his request. Ten thousand was more than what would be needed to purchase the product and to pay off a hospital contact and any other middle men. Cardamom was agreeing to a generous bonus for Howell's trouble. Cardamom had made it clear from the beginning that there would be no bonuses.
This meant one of two things: Cardamom's score was going to be bigger than expected, or Howell would be expended before he could collect.
Howell was smart enough to expect the latter.
13 – Sunk Cost

A wide swath of campus had been barricaded and was being monitored by bored members of the NYPD. Aleister waded into the milling crowd of students and faculty. To no one in particular he asked, "What's going on?"
A twenty-something answered. "A professor and some grad students are dead, and a bunch of others are sick."
Dana had her phone out and was checking what she could online. "News reports are sketchy. They're making it sound like there's some bio-hazardous spill."
The kid shrugged.
"Do you know who's dead?" Aleister asked.
The kid looked at both of them now. He was the sort that wore vintage clothes and usually had a cynical answer for everything. A hipster. His face was wide open with apprehension. "No. I don't know. It was some lab in the biology department. They don't think it's anything infectious, but the CDC hasn't been here yet."
The boy's explanation caught the attention of a policewoman at the nearest barrier.
"It's perfectly safe, ma'am," she said to Dana. "While we're not certain of the circumstances surrounding the deaths, these were not victims of violence, nor was there a hazardous spill. We are of course taking the usual precautions." She delivered her speech with a stern smile.
"Can you give me the name of the victims?" Dana asked.
"No, ma'am. I'm sorry. I believe a statement will be released to the press soon." The policewoman moved back to her station, and with a polite nod of thanks, Aleister left in the other direction.
"She's dead," said Dana.
"Be quiet about it," said Aleister.
They made their way back to where Aleister had double-parked. Dana made sounds of protest at his circuitous path, but he ignored her for the most part. He kept his eyes down and only watched the pavement in front of him. He couldn't be sure that they weren't being followed, but he'd try to make it difficult.
"We needed to talk to her. If we would have come here first..." Dana slumped down into the passenger seat and refreshed the information on her phone. Any change in the reporting of the story did not make Rashmi Aggarwal more alive.
"We don't know if we could have made it in time," said Aleister, but he knew. Dana knew too.
"Your process cost us five hours. We needed to talk to her."
"Repeating yourself isn't going to change anything either." Aleister pulled into traffic, paying only as much attention as was needed to avoid collisions.
"Where to now?" Dana asked. "Or do I get to sit here in the dark as usual?"
Aleister realized that he couldn't answer Dana because he didn't know where he was going. The buzz in the back of his head told him that things needed to change. He wouldn't find out how Devine, Chance & Merit were connected to Felix Benes' disappearance if he didn't switch things up.
"Five hours," Dana muttered. "We're responsible for her death. We should have gone there straight from the airport."
With as much concentration as he could muster, Aleister refused to pay attention to Dana, pedestrians, or New York traffic. He was rewarded with a taxi pulling out, leaving a space curbside.
"Get out," he said.
"What?"
"Get out."
"Aleister, you can't be serious. It's not safe. Whoever kidnapped Benes, probably killed Benes, they're here in New York. They killed Aggarwal. You brought me along to keep me safe."
Aleister shrugged with a coldness he didn't feel. He couldn't look at her. She was frightened. Her face would be stony, not big-eyed and quivering-lipped like some pulp novel damsel, but if he saw the fear in her eyes, he wouldn't be able to do it. And she was right. She was in danger. She was also severely hindering him. "Dana, I'm not sure you'd be any safer with me, and you're not helping me."
"You haven't given me a chance to help!"
"I don't want help. I don't need help. Your presence, in fact, is the opposite of help. So, get out." He peered through the drizzle-speckled windshield. They were in front of an impressive window display. "The credit card is clean. It has a pretty high limit. Go shopping or something. Lie low and don't contact anyone for a few days while I get some work done."
Dana was still at a loss for words. "But what if–?"
"You're the one wasting time now, Dana." He leaned across her and popped the door open.
"Fine." She gathered her purse and the laptop bag. "Are you going to pop the trunk?"
He'd already done so and avoided looking in the rearview mirror as she retrieved her carry-on and slammed the trunk closed as hard as she could.
This wouldn't be the first time she'd hated him.
Aleister pulled away from the curb and continued not to check on her.
He drove a while before pulling over again. This time he had no problem finding a parking spot. Dana's presence had caused a tremendous amount of tension that Aleister hadn't noticed until it was gone.
He took out his cell phone and laptop. While the latter was booting, he made a call.
"Hey, Chicky-D. What's going on?" Smith sounded somewhere between cheerful and concerned.
"Dana and I have parted ways for the moment. Would you keep an extra eye on her credit card account?"
"No problem. Do you know where to check her GPS position from the software you had me install on her phone?"
"I'm calling that up right now." The purpose of the application was to allow parents to track their children, and it worked just as well to track Dana through her phone.
She hadn't moved very far from where Aleister had left her. Here in New York, she would be near enough that he could still affect her.
"May I ask you a question?" Smith asked.
"Go ahead, what?"
"You don't seem to have a problem finding what you want when you need it. Why do you need tracking software to monitor Dana? It would be safer if she were carrying a disposable phone. If these guys are as sophisticated as they seem, they'll be able to find her phone from the anti-theft mobile equipment ID and GPS on her iPhone."
Luck started to get tired of the conversation, wishing Smith would ask fewer questions and elaborate fewer details for a change. "Sometimes a smart bomb is better than a nuclear warhead, Smith. Besides, Dana is a bit of a fuzzy spot for me. The risk is worth it."
"Okay, let's hope the cellular companies aren't doing their due diligence to stop phone theft. I'll let you know if anything hinky occurs."
"Thanks, Smith. I'll contact you tomorrow."
14 – East Coast All-Stars

Damp, disheveled, and distressed, Dana could understand why she received certain looks from the porters and desk staff at the Marquis. As she waited amid a conference group that was checking in, Dana defaulted to the things she knew. Without thinking, she dialed her voicemail account at DCM.
The electronic voice told her that there were five messages, press two to begin listening to them. And then Dana heard a hollow click-clack. She pulled the phone away from her cheek like it had bit her.
"Dana, what are you thinking?" she muttered to herself, and then hoped that no one noticed that she had checked into the hotel with the name Felicia. She couldn't get through the check-in process fast enough.
On the elevator, her phone rang. The three other passengers, all wearing conference badges, were quiet in her presence but she had their attention. How freakish did she look, treating her phone like a poisonous animal?
Dana answered it. 
"Thank you for calling Verizon Customer Service. Your call will be answered in the order in which it was received. Please, stay on the line." The recorded voice was replaced by tuneless semi-tropical music. On-hold music.
Dana frowned. Hers was an iPhone and her service provider for the new SIM was AT&T.
They had called her. Whoever they were. 
She turned off the phone and hoped that was good enough.
When she got to her room, she called Smith using the hotel phone.
An unknown number, Smith answered tentatively. "Hello?"
"Smith?" She didn't know his first name, did she? "This is Dana. I think I have a problem."
"Dana! Oh! What's your problem? How can I help?"
"Smith, I did something stupid. I called my voicemail at DCM."
"Okay, that might be monitored. You're not calling from that phone, so that's good."
"And when I was on the elevator, someone called me."
"Did you answer?"
"I... Yes. It was a recording. Verizon Customer Service, like I had called them. I don't even have an account with Verizon!"
"Okay, okay. This is going to get a bit complicated. You need to incapacitate that phone as soon as possible. Can you remove the SIM card? Do you remember how Chicky-D replaced the last one?"
Dana turned her phone over and over in her free hand. She could see where it was scratched from the procedure. It couldn't be that hard, could it? "Yeah, I think I can manage it."
"That doesn't sound good, but it's okay. I have a backup plan. If you look in the front pocket of your computer bag, you'll find a rolled up foil pouch."
"I know all about that. TSA searched my bag because of it. You're lucky I didn't throw it away. In the future, it might be a good idea to communicate a little more." Dana didn't understand why she'd been subjected to a long story about a game she didn't care about, but had been told nothing about the foil pouch.
"I was hoping you wouldn't need the pouch and it didn't occur to me that you would be going through TSA. Anyway, turn the phone off, put it in the pouch and change the SIM at the store. You're a pretty young woman, they'll have no objection to helping you out."
Dana bit her tongue at the insinuation, but she could hear some noise of disapproval made by pink-haired Terri in the background. Smith continued.
"And when you're done. Call me back and I'll make sure everything is okay."
"I'm sure I can handle it," said Dana. More than ever, she wanted to do something right, no matter how small.
"Yes, but you still need to call me back once you have the new phone. We are going to want to know your number."
"Yeah, fine."
"What's your email address? I've got the address of a store where you can get a new SIM."
When Dana gave her email address at DCM, Smith became very quiet. "What's wrong?"
"It seems I need to warn you about something I thought was obvious. Don't communicate with anything remotely associated with DCM. Don't call the office. Don't call clients. Don't log into your work email. Stay away from anything related to DCM, because they might trace you through it."
"Through my email?"
"Yes, DCM's server can identify what city you're in through your IP address. Do you have a personal email address?"
"I do, but I don't use it very much."
"Well, it's your primary now, since it seems highly unlikely you will be working for DCM after all of this is over."
It was Dana's turn to be quiet as she turned on her laptop and logged into the hotel's wireless network. She hadn't thought too much about the long-term repercussions of pursuing the Benes case.
Smith broke the silence. "Do you want me to send the Google Maps link to that AT&T store to your other email, or do you want to find it yourself?"
"I'll take care of it on my own," Dana responded. She just wanted to end the conversation and go get her new SIM card.
"Okay, don't forget to call me back when you're all done. We're going to want to know your new number."
The process went smoothly. She found the store, it was open, and the young man behind the counter was overly helpful. Dana called Smith, and he assured her that everything would be alright, but she shouldn't hesitate to call.
Her next call was to David Moore.
"Detective Moore. What can I do for you?" In the background, Dana could hear what sounded like wind.
"Hi, Detective Moore, this is Dana Spelman."
"Oh, I didn't recognize the number."
"That's because I have a new one. Again. Give me a moment and I'll give it to you." Dana didn't feel like offering up a lie of any sort.
"Dana, what's going on? It sounds to me like you're burning phones."
She'd watched enough crime dramas to have heard of the practice, but she hadn't considered that it was precisely what she was doing.
"Tell me what's going on," he repeated. Quietly this time, and he'd stepped inside or at least away from the wind.
"One of the scientists we came to interview is dead. I have to think that it was murder."
"Okay, who was it? Give me the details."
"Her name was Rashmi Aggarwal at Columbia. I don't know what's happened exactly, but I'm pretty sure she's dead. I can't help but think that if we'd gone to see her first..." She didn't want to say it to Moore.
He didn't offer condolences. "Who is 'we'?"
"Myself and a man named Aleister Luck. He thinks he knows you and your partner."
Dana had met enough cops to know that they could laugh at anything.
"We know Aleister. Not well, but we've worked with him occasionally."
"Really?"
"You sound surprised."
"Well, he is my ex. I might be biased."
"Huh. Well, taking a look at the internet, I can see what might be the report about Aggarwal," said Moore. "Right now, it sounds like an accident, but you know how the media is. Speaking of stories, we talked to your boss, Mr. Felts. The official line is that Benes' disappearance left you distraught and you're taking a leave of absence."
"That's a lie, at least the leave of absence part."
"That's what we figured. Listen, why don't you and Luck head back to Las Vegas? We'll get this all sorted out."
"I can't," said Dana. She didn't hesitate. "I need to get to the bottom of this, or at least closer to the bottom."
"I can't make you come back, but I very strongly suggest it."
"I know. I'll keep you up-to-date with what's going on and I'll be careful, but I need to do this."
"Fine, call me every two hours."
Dana laughed and for some reason agreed.
She didn't go back to the hotel. She didn't want to be alone. Instead, she headed to a Starbucks. Somewhere that she could be anonymous, but seen. And somewhere with coffee and Wi-Fi access. She entrenched herself at a table near an outlet and did her best to lose herself in work.
An hour of research reaped the contact addresses of several journalists that covered the type of story that Dana could tell about Felix Benes. She had drafted an email to send. It didn't include all of the details. Not yet. Once it got past the office assistants, Dana would tell all that she knew. This plan would take time to come to fruition. Dana had to gamble that she had enough. What she was doing now was important. She had to believe that to continue on.
As she was working on the draft of her email, the inbox tab flashed with a new message. Dana clicked over and found a Facebook notification. She didn't bother opening the message. Instead, she directly logged into Facebook.
Not surprisingly, it was a message from Jess.
Is your new phone on the fritz or what?
Dana frowned at the message. She pulled out her phone.
"Oh, crap." Dana muttered. The last number she'd given Jess was a SIM card ago. She'd have to call her Mom too.
Dana turned on Facebook Chat and was happy to see that Jess was online. Dana hadn't finished typing a greeting when Jess's message appeared.
Jess O'Connell: Hey prodigal woman. What's going on?
Dana Spelman: I have another new one. And haven't had a chance to update you guys. I need to call mom too.
Jess O'Connell: Jeeze. You're going through phone numbers faster than Stringer Bell.
Dana Spelman: Ha. Ha.
Jess O'Connell: So how gawgeous New Yawk?
Dana Spelman: Oh just wonderful. Still working.
Jess O'Connell: Srsly? You need a new job woman. Isn't it getting late out there?
Dana Spelman: No. Still have a few hours ahead of me.
Jess O'Connell: Jeeze.
Dana Spelman: I'll give you a quick buzz with my new, new number but I need to get back to work. TTFN
Jess O'Connell: Righto-righto.
She gave Jess a quick call and then phoned her mother. The second call went on a little longer than Dana wanted. She didn't like lying to her mother.
"What terrible luck you've been having with your phone. Do you have a hotel number I can reach you at? When do you think you'll be home?" For whatever reason, Carol Spelman sounded more worried than she had been earlier. Dana figured that it was a mom thing.
"I don't have it with me. Um, I think Gullson has the envelopes that the keys came in. We still have a few days of work, I think. It's not as straightforward as we'd hoped." The use of the plural stung. "We" truly was Dana and a fictional compatriot now. "Actually, we're headed to Cambridge, Massachusetts tomorrow."
Dana's current plan was to act on the files from Smith. She'd rent her own car tonight, or rather Felicia Kendricks would, and she'd engage in her own investigation. She'd head to the Whitehead Institute. Maybe Aleister would be headed in the same direction and "we" wouldn't be as far from the truth.
"Okay. Well, I'll let you get back to it. Drive safe tomorrow."
"Thanks, Mom. Love you."
Her mom hung up and Dana felt solitude weigh her down.
She tucked a tress of hair behind her ear and surveyed the dining area. She feared that she would see the leering Crown Victoria owners staring at her over cups of coffee. Of course, if someone were after her in New York, it wouldn't be them. Which meant, it could be anyone. She weighed each face that was turned vaguely in her direction, but these were New Yorkers. No one paid anyone else much attention at all.
Was this how Felix Benes had felt? How much time had he spent looking over his shoulder? Had he been fearful to eat or drink? Had his mistake been letting down his guard, or had his concern not mattered one iota in terms of the final outcome?
And what about Rashmi Aggarwal? Had she known anything was about to happen to her?
Dana skimmed her email again but the sentences ran together. She hadn't eaten since the airplane, but hadn't been hungry either. Fatigue was setting into her caffeine infused body. The line at the counter was currently short. The display case of stale scones and dry muffins was suddenly very inviting.
Dana scanned the crowd again. Those who weren't waiting near the counter for their orders were engaged in reading or writing, whether by traditional methods or with computers. No one paid any attention to her.
She picked her moment, when only one person was in line. Dana gathered her purse, leaving the laptop plugged into one of the few power sockets.
 The woman in front of her could have been the girlfriend of the hipster boy Dana had talked to at Columbia. She had her hair in pigtails, and wore horn-rimmed glasses and a perpetual sneer. She ordered and lingered overly long at the counter while she paid. Dana glanced at her table. Everything was as she'd left it.
The girl finally moved to the side, but before Dana could step forward, a man bowled into her.
"Hey!" She stumbled backward and received no apology.
The man leaned on the counter, taking as much room as he could.
"Excuse me, I was in line next," said Dana.
The barista, the one with the curly hair that had served Dana earlier, agreed. "She was next, sir."
The man, tall and rangy with ash-blond hair, shrugged. "You were dawdling."
"I was not dawdling!" Dana let her frustration boil over.
"Listen. I'll just make my order and get out of your way. Arguing won't get you your latte any faster."
"Sir, let me–" The barista had half turned away in an effort to find help.
"I was next," Dana insisted, "and I'm tired of everyone wasting my time."
The man threw his hand in front of him. "Fine. Whatever."
Dana squared herself to the counter and ordered a blueberry muffin. The tall man had not only backed away from the counter, but had left Dana's field of vision. As the barista plated up the muffin, Dana glanced over her shoulder and at her table.
Another man, short, wearing a rain jacket and thick glasses stood at the borrowed laptop, gingerly pressing keys.
For an instant, Dana couldn't inhale enough oxygen.
"What are you doing?" The words weren't more than a whisper. "Get away from that!"
She rushed toward the man, the table, and Terri's laptop. No one stopped her, or him.
For his part, the man cocked his head in her direction. "Is this yours? Kind of dodgy, isn't it?" 
He ran a finger over the touchpad.
"What are you doing? Just leave it alone!"
"I know some techniques for speeding up an old brick like this. Look at how slow Internet Exploder loads." He grinned at his own lame joke.
"Leave it alone. Leave me alone."
"Hey, sorry. But you should be careful about leaving your stuff unattended." He smiled again and brushed past her.
The barista was waiting with her muffin, but fear had replaced hunger once again. The only thing that Dana cared about was the email that she had left open. When she cleared away the instance of Explorer, she read the text one more time and clicked "send."
15 – Lucky Hyrax

Howell didn’t like talking on the phone while driving, but late night travel between New York and Boston was surprisingly light and he was surprisingly tired. If caller ID would have shown Cardamom, Howell would have let the call go to voice mail. Since it was Ed Stern, Howell figured that he could use the conversation to keep him awake.
"What's going on?" Howell answered.
"Doles managed to get a bug planted on Spelman, said Stern. "I think it's in her computer bag."
"What? Really? How did that happen?"
Howell knew there were operators in New York and suspected that they were no more competent than Donavan and Roberts in Las Vegas.
"Spelman made a mistake. She called her work voicemail from her new phone, and then picked up the return call."
"Huh."
"Thank E911 regulations for the assist. I traced her position and Doles and his partner were still in the area. They spotted her in a coffee shop near the original signal."
"I'll be damned," muttered Howell.
"Yeah, well, some people have that kind of luck."
"Everyone has that kind of luck. At least occasionally," said Howell. "Did I ever tell you about the hyrax in Iraq?"
"The what?"
"The hyrax. It's like a big ground squirrel. Fat little bastards."
"They're particularly lucky?"
"Well, one was. I was working a clearance crew along the Iraq-Kuwait border. This was in '91. I think EOD saw more action in that conflict than anyone and it wasn't that much."
"You were clearing landmines, but that wasn't much?" Stern was dubious. Howell figured that Stern had some military background, probably on the communications side of things.
"Relatively. So, we're clearing and absolutely nothing is going right. Metal detector's going nuts. Barton, my partner, ended up leaving half of his gear behind."
"So, it wasn't your best day ever."
"Not mine, not my partner's. Then we were in the middle of a field and the horizon starts moving closer."
"Okay..."
"Sandstorm. And we must have been in the Bermuda triangle of Iraq. We got turned around bad. My compass wasn't working and Barton didn't have his."
"So, you're pretty much lost in a minefield with a sandstorm coming in," said Stern.
"Yeah. Our meteorological data claimed it was going to be calm and clear."
"What happened?"
"Our asses were saved by a hyrax," said Howell. "I don't know where the little vermin came from, but there he was."
"Are they indigenous to the area?"
"You'd see them closer to the coast in the rocky areas, but we were pretty far inland. Anyway, he seemed to be headed back toward our vehicle. We let him go forward and watched as he picked his way out. Supposedly, there is a type of rat in Africa that can be trained to find landmines. Maybe hyrax have a sense of where the things are. We were back at the vehicle before the storm hit."
"How big are these things?" Stern asked. Howell was surprised that Stern hadn't looked them up on the internet.
"About the size of a small dog, but round."
"Five pounds, would you say?"
"Maybe about eight."
"Is an eight pound sure-footed rodent enough to set off a landmine?"
"Don't know. It did cross our minds later. Lucky hyrax, stupid humans, I guess."
Stern laughed on the other end of the phone, and Howell's attention came back to the glowing stripes of the road in front of him. Memories of bright sun and brown sands quickly faded.
"I'll email you with the URL to track her," said Stern. "Oh, and something else, Doles said she was alone. They kept an eye on her for quite a while and the guy didn't turn up. You're headed to Boston already?"
"Yeah, Cardamom pushed me on to the next target."
"Okay, we'll see how that plays out in the next couple hours. Since I can't think of any good rodent stories, I'll sign off for the moment."
"Alright. Thanks, Stern. "
Howell hung up and put his phone back in the dashboard mounted charging dock.
Howell still had to procure the dronedarone. A couple of phone calls had reaped nothing in New York, but with a little lead time, he'd be able to get some in Boston. And then, barring any other interruptions, he'd get a little sleep.

* * * * *

The phone rang eight times before Smith disengaged from his spreadsheets of data.
"Oh! Hey, Dana." He recognized her new number on his caller ID.
"Smith!" She sounded upset, but more reserved than last time. "I'm glad I was able reach you. Aleister isn't picking up."
"He's probably in the middle of something. Don't worry about him. Are you okay? Is the phone alright?" Her credit invoices said she had a room at the Marriott Marquis. A nice hotel, if Smith believed its webpage. Her position was probably at a Starbucks nearby.
"The phone is fine. I had a run-in with two guys and I wanted to... I don't know what I wanted," she muttered. "Oh, I'm going to rent a car and head to Boston tonight. Let Aleister know if you hear from him."
"Are you sure you're okay? What do you mean by a run-in? Dana, if you need to call the police..."
"No, I'm fine, Smith. I'm just discombobulated. Of course, I'll call the cops if I need to. I'm just frustrated with Aleister. I shouldn't be surprised. How long have you known him?" she asked.
"Aleister? Years. I think he showed up at Every Game not long after we opened shop."
"We dated back in college," said Dana.
Smith nodded. He'd thought there was some familiarity between the two.
"Even then it sometimes felt like I was an imposition in his life."
"Well, Chicky-D has a way of working, you know what I mean?"
"So I've been told."
"Listen, you might be surprised, but Aleister has helped a lot of people. I mean, it must look a little funny, him coming to me for a fake ID, but he's worked with the LVMPD. Not everyone can be easy to live with, but that doesn't mean he's a bad person."
"And just because he helps people doesn't mean he doesn't have problems," said Dana.
"Fair enough," said Smith. "Nothing is ever black and white. Sometimes, what seems to be a good thing really isn't, and something bad for one often has favorable consequences for someone else. It's all a matter of perspective."
"From what perspective is Rashmi Aggarwal's death a good thing? If we hadn't gone to Princeton first, we probably could have prevented it."
"Do you like curry?" Smith asked.
"What?"
"Do you like curry? I do, but it has to be genuine. You don't find really good curry in Las Vegas."
"Curry is alright," said Dana. "What are you getting at?"
"If you and Chicky-D had gone to see Aggarwal first thing in New York, your visit might have stretched to lunch time. I don't know if you've seen, but according to news reports, it was her curry that was poisonous. It was a departmental favorite, so there would have been enough to share. Maybe you and Aleister would be dead if you had visited her first. Further, even if you didn't stay for lunch, how would you have known to stop them from eating the poisoned food?" 
Dana was quiet on the other end of the line.
"Anyway, unless you need anything else, I should probably get back to work," said Smith.
"I'll be fine. It's probably good that we touched base."
"Call if you need to, Dana. I'm sure Aleister will give you a call soon."
"Of course. Thanks, Smith."
Smith hung up and didn't give the conversation much more thought. He had too much information to sort through and probably not enough energy drinks.

* * * * *

Moore didn't really expect Dana to call him every two hours. He couldn't worry about her if she didn't. He had his own piles of mind-numbing paperwork to sort through.
When she did call him, she told him about the two schmucks in the coffee shop.
"Where's Luck?" he asked.
"He left me here," said Dana. 
"He what?"
"We had differences. I was getting in his way."
Moore chuckled in disbelief. He certainly didn't know Aleister well enough. But then, maybe he expected that every man would treat a woman better than leaving her alone in a strange city. "And with idiots stalking her," he muttered.
"Pardon?"
"Dana, you need to get back to Vegas," said Moore. "You're not safe alone."
"I can't," she said. Disgruntled, annoyed, stubborn. It wasn't hard for Moore to read all of those things in two words.
"Fine then. I'll catch a plane out to New York."
"I'm going to Massachusetts."
"Fine," said Moore. "I'll fly into Boston and we'll meet when I get there."
Across their desk, the conversation was finally registering with Moore's partner. Ray Sanyo's eyes widened. He was chewing on a pencil which made Moore want a cigarette, badly.
"Can you do that?" Dana asked.
David Moore didn't know for sure. "I won't be there as police," he concluded.
"Call me when you've made arrangements," said Dana.
"Call me before you leave New York."
"Deal." She replied.
He hung up.
"What?" he asked his partner. Sanyo had stopped gnawing on the pencil but was still holding it in his mouth.
"What?" Sanyo repeated, emphatically. "I don't know. You tell me. What's going on?"
"What am I going to owe you for covering for me for a few days?" Moore asked.
"Lots," said Sanyo.
"Done."
16 – Arms Deal

For Aleister, it was easier to ignore his phone with music playing. Queen tonight. Freddy Mercury's grandiosity suited New York.
Bardem's Market was the sort of place Aleister could appreciate. In addition to the usual selection of beverages and convenience foods, it stocked a seemingly random array of household items. Duct tape. Putty knives and Spackle. Barbecue tongs. Tiny screws for eyeglasses, and batteries for hearing aids. They also had a wide selection of candy.
Aleister collected a putty knife, a Rocky Road candy bar and a carton of some off-brand, fortified chocolate milk. The advertising on the carton made a big deal of being higher in protein than regular chocolate milk and the "traditional" carton was eco-friendly. Aleister didn't care. He wanted chocolate milk and it was the only brand that Bardem's carried.
That wasn't all he wanted, but he couldn't quite decide what else he needed. He was in a state with a lottery, so he'd buy a few scratch cards. As long as he didn't look at the card while scratching and turned them in at a different convenience store, he'd win a little cash. He could use the pocket money. But what else?
He lingered, as he sometimes did.
The cashier, a balding man, sat behind the counter reading a car magazine. Aleister Luck wasn't sure if the man had noticed him when he came in and didn't seem to care if Aleister loitered. The store was covered by security cameras, but Aleister didn't look up to see them.
He crouched down to finger a roll of waxed twine when a man walked in and started shouting loud enough that Aleister could hear it over "Princes of the Universe."
"Open the register! Open the register!"
Aleister cursed under his breath. In his lifetime, he had been involved in more robberies than he cared to count. Partly, because he liked convenience stores and gas stations. But mostly, this was simply how his life was.
He inferred several things about the situation without moving from his concealed spot. The robber was standing near the counter. He was probably waving a gun at the cashier.
Aleister didn't fear the robber or his gun. What bothered him was what this incident meant for the rest of Aleister's evening plans.
Regardless, action had to be taken.
Aleister Luck opened the carton of chocolate milk. In one movement, he rose and threw it in the general direction of the counter and the thief's ski-mask-covered head.
The milk missed the robber. Instead, it hit a magazine rack that sat on the counter. The carton ricocheted and fell on the floor. Protein-fortified chocolate milk splattered everywhere.
Yes, the robber definitely had a gun. He pointed it in Aleister's direction and the door to the cold case behind Aleister exploded. Aleister threw himself to the side. The thief followed. Or rather he tried. The milk was viscous and covered the floor at the thief's feet. His right foot lost purchase and he fell. His head caught on the edge of the counter on the way down. Then he thudded heavily to the floor, out cold.
Aleister considered collecting a second carton from the refrigerated case, but no longer had an appetite for chocolate milk. He fished a twenty dollar bill from his wallet and put it on the counter. The cashier hadn't quite recovered. He had popped the register and collected the money. And had most likely triggered a silent alarm.
Aleister deftly avoided the spilt milk and plucked the gun from the man's hand. He considered for a moment and took the ski mask as well. These were the other things he needed tonight.
The robber wasn't bleeding; Aleister suspected that he was only suffering from a concussion. While robbery didn't mark this man as the smartest of the population, Aleister was pleased that the thief had invested in a no-slip grip on his gun. Less finger prints on the handle.
Aleister heaved a sigh. 
"It's going to be a very long night," he told the cashier as he left Bardem's.
17 – The Luck-Stall Equilibrium

The alley wasn't chilly, but with one hand, Aleister pulled the ski mask further down over his ears. In the other, he held an RFID signal emitter with an attached keypad that allowed Aleister to code the response to the RFID scanner's interrogation signal. Without taking note of whether he was holding the rectangular box the right way, Aleister punched a random series of numbers.
The door clicked open.
On his way through the maintenance area, Aleister collected a wheeled garbage can. He pulled it into an elevator car and pushed the button for the fortieth floor.
After the incident at Bardem's, Aleister had driven around Manhattan. Several of the buildings intrigued him in the same way DCM's offices did. He had identified three to examine.
Breaking into the first building was uneventful. The offices belonged to a financial institution with biotech leanings. Aleister filled one of his flash drives with database tables and account ledgers. He stole three other flash drives from desk drawers he jimmied open with his putty knife. He hadn't encountered anyone in the first building. Until now, he hadn't bothered to take the pistol out of his pocket.
The elevator doors opened and Aleister punched the numbers for the next four lower floors before exiting. He double-timed to a stairwell and rushed down four flights of stairs. He paused at the stairway door to catch his breath and pull the ski mask back down over his face.

* * * * *

William Brum balanced his laptop on one knee and grabbed his energy drink from the floor near the back leg of his chair. He had another hour left at this post, and he doubted that the beige walls of BT Capital's elevator lobby were going to magically become more interesting. Reasonably, he couldn't do anything truly fun with his laptop. No games. No porn. He had to be content with sports forums.
He frowned when he heard the whoosh and whir of one of the elevators moving.
Brum, and the other two members of Cy Stall's team, as well as Cy, were set up on the thirty-sixth floor. They were guarding an office safe full of security certificates until the valuables could be moved in the morning. According to the employer, no one knew the certificates were here and there was no expectation of trouble. This was basic security duty. It paid pretty well, but was boring. The only thing that made the job interesting was that he had been issued a short muzzle assault rifle, a carbine.
The maintenance people had been asked to stay clear of the floor. Wastepaper baskets could wait until tomorrow. In any case, it was late enough that it was unlikely that any employees were using the elevators.
So, why was one of the cars whizzing past?
Brum put aside his laptop and drink. He rose from his plastic and chrome chair and gathered his XM23 carbine.
For a moment, he thought he might have been imagining it, but then he heard an elevator car moving again in the droning quiet.
Brum thumbed the safety on his weapon and took a couple of tentative steps down the hallway. For a big man, Brum moved smoothly.
The elevator stopped and, with a soft ping, the doors opened. From his angle, Brum could see a shape in the elevator, something the size of a crouching man. It did not move.
Brum took his radio from his belt and pushed the talk button. "Cy, this is Brum. I've got an elevator here. Over?"
"You're always complaining that you're bored," Cy's voice replied through the two-way radio. "Check it out. Over."
Brum moved a few more steps toward the doors, expecting them to close. The shape, he found, was a garbage can. One of the wheeled kind with a thick black liner. Surely, it wasn't unattended.
"Move along, Pedro," Brum called. "There's no garbage here tonight."
The elevator doors finally shut. He didn't hear the stairway door as it closed behind him, but he did hear a footstep. He turned in time to see the textured grip of Aleister Luck's gun before it connected with his temple.

* * * * *

The office was plush. It wasn't bigger than Cy Stall's apartment, but it was considerably nicer. The furniture was composed of gleaming chrome and glass. Cy didn't understand the modern paintings that decorated the walls, but he sort of liked them. And the view was gorgeous. You had to be dead to not appreciate New York City from over thirty stories up.
Despite it all, Cy was on edge. Not incredibly so, but slightly. Something wasn't quite right with the situation. His employer had requested a ridiculous quantity of firepower to guard a vault in a secure building for ten hours in the dead of night.
He was being paranoid. Surely.
The vault was locked tight, safe and sound. No one other than BT Capital's executive officer and his crew knew about the certificates in the vault. Cy trusted his crew. He wasn't tired and felt good. He'd taken a nap earlier, in the afternoon, and had drank some coffee and smoked a cigarette. The night should pass quickly.
Cy didn't really expect anything to come of Brum's elevator report, but he started to worry when there was no follow-up. The night wasn't interesting enough for even a minor event to pass without commentary.
Cy hit the talk button on his radio. "Brum? How's that elevator doing? Still going up and down? You know, as elevators will do? Over."
Cy waited a few moments before hitting the button again. "Brum? Do you copy?"
He switched personnel. "Bart? Anything going on at the back door? Over."
Bart was covering the back stairwell. He replied quickly. "All's quiet on the western front. Is there a problem with Brum?"
"I don't know," said Cy.
"Want me to go check on him? Over?"
"Hold on a second. Over." Cy was growing concerned. He grabbed his carbine and cracked open the office door a few inches.
The room outside the office was filled with rows of navy cubicles. Cy could easily see over their five-foot height. Around the edge of the room were other offices and a break room. Entrances from the elevator lobby and stairs were on the opposite side from BT Capital's executive office.
Jay, the fourth man of Cy's crew, was in the cube across from the executive office, within sight of Cy, but hidden from anyone entering the room. Cy held a finger to his lips and Jay kept his question to a raising of his eyebrows.
Cy shook his head. It would be better if Jay stayed down and unknown.
The intruder came nonchalantly into the office area. He wore a ski mask and carried a pistol. He was much too short and thin to be William Brum.
Cy kept his body behind the wall, only the side of his face and barrel of his gun showed around the edge of doorjamb. "Drop your weapon and identify yourself!"
The masked man turned toward Cy, pistol pointing in the same direction. Cy needed no other excuse. He opened fire. The trespasser managed to move at the right instant. Cy had noticed that when most people were fired upon, they had the tendency to move forward or drop straight to the floor. If you aimed at and slightly ahead, you could usually manage to hit your target.
This guy dove to the side. From around the corner of a cubicle and not looking, the man shot in Cy's direction. The bullet hit a bank of lights somewhere in Cy's vicinity and, inexplicably, most of the lighting in the room and the offices went out.
Cy ducked back into the office and activated the silent alarm. His crew was authorized to use their weapons, but when things truly went south, Cy knew to call the authorities.
Over the ringing in his ears caused by the gunshots, Cy heard Bart on the radio.
"Cy, what's going on in there?"
Cy turned the device off and hoped the masked intruder couldn't hear either.
He waited another few seconds before crouching down and taking another look.
The masked man stopped by the door near the stairwell. If he hadn't heard Bart via the radio, he had heard him in the hallway. With uncanny timing, the trespasser flat-palmed the door as Bart pushed it open. The intruder jerked the door fully open and then slammed it back into Bart. Before Bart could react, the intruder cold-cocked him with his pistol.
The masked man continued through the office. He didn't look left or right or scan the office area. In fact, he didn't lift his gaze from the floor three feet in front of him. He didn't move with stealth, but deliberateness that reminded Cy of relentless horror-movie axe-murderers.
Jay heard the trespasser's movements and decided that he'd come close enough. He signaled Cy, and Cy nodded. He'd cover Jay. This guy, whoever he was, was going down. Now.
As Jay popped up from his cube, the masked man lifted his gun and shot in Jay's direction. Without hesitating, without looking. The bullet caught Jay in the hand and Jay reactively dropped his weapon.
Cy retreated into the office.
Through the cotton of his muted hearing, Cy heard Jay's grunts of pain abruptly stop.
Cy took cover behind one of the plush visitor chairs and pointed his carbine at the office door. He didn't have much protection but the uncanny bastard in the hallway would have to survive Cy's two clips of ammo.
But the masked man never came in.
As Cy's hearing cleared, he heard the intruder move around the cubicles before settling into an office nearby.
For an insane moment, Cy thought about going out after him. That would be rash. Ill-advised. Cy would be giving up his position and he would be leaving the vault and twenty million dollars in certificates unguarded.
He would wait for the intruder to come to him.
But the masked man never came in.
After ten very long minutes, the trespasser left. As far as Cy knew, he hadn't given the corner office a second look. Cy waited yet another ten minutes before venturing out.
All of Cy's crew were still unconscious and the police still hadn't shown up.
Jay's hand wasn't bleeding heavily, but was pretty mangled. Bart's nose was crushed, not a detriment to his ugly mug. Brum was still out cold with a bloody scalp from where he'd been hit.
The masked man had left their Stoner XM23s in the office he'd been working in.
When Cy looked out at New York again from the corner window, he spotted the emergency response thirty-six stories down and at the building across the street. GPS was not an infallible thing.
Cy didn't wait until it was past noon before he headed to Teddy's for a drink.
"The damnedest thing I have ever seen," he told Ted over the heavy wood bar. "No one was killed. Other than Jay's hand, none of us were really hurt."
"Yeah," Ted agreed. "Not like Brum suffering a concussion is anything new and special."
"And the guy didn't even look my way."
"Maybe he didn't know you were there?"
"I guess. He shot blindly at Jay. Hit him in the hand like a sharpshooter."
"Luck," Ted said.
"Luck," Cy agreed, as he would say every time he retold the story.

* * * * *

Aleister slumped back in the seat of his rental car. The horizon was only just beginning to brighten and traffic was already heavy. He was too tired to investigate his third target while dodging an awake New York City. Several nights of little sleep were taking their toll.
Before he could collapse, he needed to get data to Smith. Doubtless, Smith would still be up and on his second or third super-sized can of obscure brand energy drink.
He picked up on the second ring.
"Chicky-D! I was just about to call you. I've been going through some of the files from DCM and I think I found a financial connection. In fact, you might want to check out a few places in New York while you're there, starting with a place called BT Capital. I can get you the address." Smith's torrent of words abated. "Wait a minute. It's 3AM here. Which means it's..." Another pause. "6AM there. You've already been to BT Capital."
"Yeah, well, BT Capital might be on the morning news. I ran into guys with automatic weapons."
"You're kidding me!" Smith guffawed. "They're dirty, I tell you."
"Anyway. I have a pretty large chunk of data, Smith. Where should I put it?"
"I've got a nice secure place. Usual password," he added with a chuckle.
Smith changed passwords often and never told them to Aleister. Aleister could use his magic to figure them out as long as he didn't know them. The one time Smith had slipped and told Aleister a password, Aleister had forgotten it, consciously, but not unconsciously. He had tried to clear his mind of the knowledge, but his fingers were too informed. "Usual password" had become a joke between them.
"Anything interesting going on with Dana?" Aleister asked.
"Oh, yeah. She tried calling you, but you were busy. Also, we might have some security problems. Dana's been using her DCM email account and she called her voice mail at DCM."
"Was she told not to?" Aleister was almost too tired to care, but he wondered if there was a reason she wasn't warned.
"I kind of figured she would know better." Smith was starting to get defensive.
"Don't worry about it. We all screwed up."
"We did get her SIM card changed out–"
"Again?"
"—Again, she's also using a non-DCM email account and I have her back on tracking. She called and said she ran into a couple of thugs, but she didn't sound worried. Which I suppose might be worrying. She said she was going to head for Boston tonight. Well, last night. And she checked into Le Méridien in Cambridge a few hours ago."
"Okay. Thanks, Smith. I need to get some rest. You might want to as well."
"I will. Talk to you later, Chicky-D."
Aleister had much to sleep on.
18 – Professional Consultation

Dana hadn't slept well despite her plush hotel room and her exhaustion.
Her nighttime trip to Boston had been fraught with anxiety. She had pulled off the interstate a couple of times in hopes that, if someone were following her, they'd be easier to notice. It sounded reasonable to her. They would have to stop as well and time their leaving to match hers. She hadn't noticed anyone following her, but by the time she had checked in at the Le Méridien with fictional Felicia's credit card, every sound in the suite shook her from her sleep.
At seven, Dana decided she'd had enough of tossing and turning. She called David Moore and got his voice mail. When she had last talked to him, he'd booked a flight for 6:30am Vegas time. He'd reach Boston this afternoon, if all went well. She'd hoped to talk to him before he was in the air. Dana didn't have anything new to say to him, but some reassurance would have been nice.
She decided to not leave a message.
Sidney's Grille was moderately busy with morning travelers coming and going. Dana's lack of sleep dictated espresso and her nervous stomach was sated with malted waffles and cinnamon whipped cream.
After every other bite, Dana surveyed the dining room to judge whether anyone was taking extra interest in her. If the time zones would have permitted, Dana might have called Jess or her mother for long distance support. She didn't think either of them would appreciate her paranoia before dawn.
If anyone had followed her, they had kept themselves out-of-sight. Perversely, Dana wondered if she would have felt better about a stalker with a known identity.
After breakfast, she called Aleister and left a message. "Just so you know. I'm in Cambridge and going to see Dr. Bohr this morning. You have my number." Of course he did. Smith would have kept Aleister up to date on everything.
Smith.
Was it possible that he was right? If she and Aleister had gone to Columbia first, would they be ill or dead as well? That still didn't explain why Aleister had decided to leave her in New York. If all went as planned, Dana would have information for him later today. She felt a certain satisfaction in that.
She decided to text David Moore as well. Heading to Whitehead Inst. No idea if I'll be able to see Bohr. Call me when you land.
Every university had a building like the one that housed Dr. John Bohr's labs, even at MIT where the Whitehead Institute had faculty offices. It was an older building, built in the '60s. Despite retrofitting, the walls, window dressings, and murals were still in shades of orange, lime, and teal. From what Dana had read, the facilities were state of the art, but the architecture was not.
Dr. Bohr was on the third floor and Dana climbed burnt umber stairs to get to his lab and office. The first locked, windowed door she came to was a lab full of glassware and machinery. Dana had majored in biology and by the end of her undergraduate degree had decided that law was more interesting. All of it was important, but Dana was happiest when she could work within both of her chosen fields. Regardless, Dana had no idea what a lot of the equipment in the lab was.
The second open door was not much more than a storage closet outfitted as a break room with a microwave and a half-sized refrigerator. A middle-aged man in a lab coat was setting up fresh coffee in an over-sized maker.
"Hi," said Dana.
He stopped in surprise, mid scoop-of-grounds. "Uh, hello."
"I'm looking for Dr. Bohr. Can you point me to his office?"
He blinked and slowly replied. "Office at the end of the hall. Right side."
"Thank you." Dana gave him a bright smile, but it seemed to only confound the man further. Dana left him to his work.
The door to the last office on the right was closed. Dana knocked softly on it and waited. After a second and third knock, Dana leaned closer to the door and listened. The office was empty.
"Can I help you?"
A trollish man with sparse gray hair and a rumpled lab coat had emerged from one of the other rooms.
"Are you Dr. Bohr?" Dana asked.
"I am."
She wasn't surprised by the answer. "I... I am Felicia Kendricks. I'm a journalist investigating the disappearance of Felix Benes."
Dana didn't care for the lie, but decided on the fly that maybe it was for the best if Dana Spelman had not left Las Vegas.
"Dr. Benes? He's disappeared?"
"Yes, I'm afraid so. Do you have a moment to speak with me?"
"Yes. Yes, Ms. Kendricks." He opened his office and passed by her. Before he settled in, he found that his coffee mug was empty.
"Would you care for some coffee? I've had a long morning."
Dana considered. "Yes, sure. I've had a short night."
"Come along then."
In the break room, Dr. Bohr appropriated a clean cup for Dana. His own mug was latte-sized, though he drank no milk or sweetener in it.
When they returned to his office, Dr. Bohr collected a large pill-keeper from his top desk drawer.
"Excuse me, Ms. Kendricks. I didn't take good enough care of my heart when I was younger and now I must tend to it a great deal."
"I'm sorry to hear that, professor."
He shrugged and took his pill with a deep draught of coffee. "It's just, I suppose. Now then, you're here about Dr. Benes?"
"Yes." Dana retrieved a small notebook from her purse and was pleased that journalism and lawyering shared an overlap of skills and expectations. "He disappeared some days ago after contacting me about the abrupt discontinuation of his funding. He suspected unfair prejudice against his work."
Bohr took another drink of his coffee and held the large mug as though to warm his hands with it. "I haven't had contact with Dr. Benes in months. His research focus deviated quite a bit from mine, so we didn't have much reason to correspond once we published results."
"You did publish?"
"Well, our original project was to find cancer mutations that would be good targets for drug therapies. We were sequencing cancerous biopsies and comparing to sequences from healthy tissue. That reaped some worthy results, if not exactly what we wanted or expected."
"And that isn't what Benes was working on?"
Dr. Bohr smacked his lips over his drink. Dana hadn't drank more than a sip, but now that the coffee cooled she took a deeper swallow. And winced. The brew was strong and, though fresh, tasted burnt. Still, it was an eye-opener. Drinking more of the hot liquid lessened its bite.
"Benes was working on that, but he was more interested in cross referencing the medical files of donors with the sequencing results to create a treatment diagnostic."
Dana nodded, half-understanding and half-connecting the information to what she had talked about with Smith. "You were not involved with that?"
"No, not really." He tipped back the coffee mug, and set it, empty, on his desktop.
"Did it have no merit? Was funding pulled because it wasn't worthwhile?"
"I had no involvement because it really wasn't my interest. As for the idea itself, it has merit for two reasons. First, treatments are usually assigned by the location and physical appearance of the cancer rather than the genetics. Second, it is difficult using conventional diagnostic methods to tell which cancers can be effectively treated. If you could produce a genetic diagnostic to decide which treatments, if any, were going to have a chance of being effective? That would be amazing."
"And so?" Dana finished her coffee as well, and not quite knowing what to do with her own cup, placed it on the desk next to Dr. Bohr's.
"The diagnostic suggested that most treatments wouldn't be useful at all, and he identified many cases where they were likely harmful. While that would be a boon for insurance companies, it isn't commercially viable. Pharmaceutical companies would lose revenue and patients won't accept less treatment. Further, more treatment will win the argument because the diagnostic can never be perfect. Mistakes will be made, just as mistakes are made with unnecessary treatments that only increase future cancer risk. The difference is that someone will have it in their head that life saving treatment was withheld from someone to save a buck, when instead, the best call was made with the information available."
"That's a cynical outlook."
"That's an honest outlook." Dr. Bohr braced himself with a hand on his desk and made a face as though he had tasted something that didn't agree with him.
"Do you believe that the project was unfairly quashed then?"
"I suppose that would depend on your definition of fair. From an ethical standpoint, is it wrong to discontinue research on a diagnostic that will keep people from wasting time and money on treatments that might adversely affect their health?"
"Dr. Benes didn't seem concerned with that aspect when I talked to him. But then, the foremost reason he was retaining me was in regards to personal damages."
"Felix Benes was pretty convinced that his way was right. While he valued criticism, he had no time for simple nay-saying. And he wasn't going to take no for an answer. You say that he's disappeared. Do you mean that he's been kidnapped?"
"I don't know, Dr. Bohr. It's interesting that you should ask that question. I–" Dana wasn't sure if she wanted to mention Dr. Aggarwal at Columbia. For that matter, should she have sent a warning to George Pitzner in Princeton?
Dr. Bohr frowned and rubbed his chest. "Just a moment, Ms. Kendricks. Would you care for more coffee?"
"No, thank you, Dr. Bohr." She immediately reconsidered. Her fatigue was again catching her. Before she could change her mind, Dr. Bohr had already gathered his feet under him and confiscated their mugs.
If Dana's legs hadn't felt like lead, she might have followed Dr. Bohr. She leaned forward onto his desk with the intent of pushing upright, but her arms felt too heavy. That struck Dana as funny considering that her head suddenly felt very light.
She may have giggled. She may have felt panicked and asked the absent Dr. Bohr who usually made the coffee. Dana would have bet Felicia Kendrick's credit limit that the guy with the thick-rimmed glasses didn't work here.
She did not hear the crash in the break room as Dr. Bohr suffered cardiac arrest.
19 – Behind the Curve

The phone woke Aleister. His travel alarm had not.
"Chicky-D, you up?"
"Yeah," he lied.
"Dana's in the hospital."
"What?"
"Looking at the news reports out of Boston, a professor at the Whitehead Institute and another person were poisoned. They're not releasing any names, but Dana's GPS shows that she's at Griffin Hospital. The one in Cambridge. Not the one in Connecticut."
"Okay, I'm up. I'm going." Aleister had checked into a dive motel he couldn't remember the name of to catch a few hours of sleep. He hadn't bothered to undress or even turn down the covers. He had turned the air conditioning down, drawn the blinds and slept deeply for just over four hours. "There was another financial institution I want to look into, but I guess that will wait."
"Another?" Smith sounded awed. "I haven't gotten through a fifth of what you already sent me."
"Anything interesting?"
"Too early to tell. Lots and lots of shares in pharmaceuticals as well as recent put option purchases."
"Put options? Have I bought some of those?" The hotel room included a one-cup coffee maker. Aleister availed himself of it.
"You really don't know anything about the market, do you?"
"I try not to," Aleister admitted.
"Well, this might be important today so pay attention."
"Fine." Aleister held out hope for the Cliffs Notes explanation, but Smith was excited. And the stock market was one of his favorite subjects.
"Options can be thought of as a form of insurance on an asset which is referred to as the underlying. Purchasing an option allows the owner to buy from or sell to the issuer shares of the underlying at the strike price at the time of the expiry."
Smith paused as Aleister brushed his teeth and gargled with mouthwash.
"Put options give you the right to sell the underlying asset at the strike price. Until the expiry date, the option can be bought and sold repeatedly. Obviously, they aren't worth much when the underlying is more expensive than the strike price, and become worth nothing if the underlying remains more expensive when the expiry date arrives. Since the option purchaser only makes money when the price of the asset seems likely to go below the strike price, a put option is a hedge against the price of the underlying going down."
Aleister managed well enough to comb his hair into submission while still holding the phone to his ear.
"Call options work exactly backwards in that they give you the right to purchase the underlying at the strike price on the date of expiry. It is functionally the opposite. The buyer is purchasing insurance that the price won't go up after they sell it.
"Trades around these derivatives can get very complex since you can issue them for instance, which would essentially reverse your position. They are, in essence, a unidirectional play on a security. That made them excellent tools to isolate trading ranges of the underlying asset where someone can make profit and limit exposure to loss outside of those trading ranges. Essentially, they can be a hedge against unexpected behavior in a security.
"This is what hedge funds have done historically. However, derivatives have also become a tool to amplify the ability to make profit on an equity. Of course, with those higher profits comes a greater chance of losing the entire investment when the expiry arrives and the underlying hasn't moved as expected. However, it can get even worse for the original issuer of these derivatives. AIG lost billions of dollars issuing what amounted to put options on mortgage backed securities during the mortgage crisis."
The phone beeped in Aleister's ear. "Smith, I have another call."
"That's fine, Chicky-D. I was finished. I'll quiz you later."
Aleister clicked over to the other call. His phone didn't recognize the number.

* * * * *

Once again, Detective David Moore's calls to Dana Spelman had been seemingly ineffectual. 
The last message she'd left via text had been about her going to the Whitehead Institute. Moore had texted and left a voice mail with his flight information. He'd received no reply. Apparently, the misplaced hope that she might meet him at Logan Airport had truly been far-fetched.
His next call had been to Ray Sanyo. "Do you have anything for me concerning Dana or Benes?"
For the time being, his partner was being amazingly kind. Moore was sure he'd pay for it later. "Nothing. Weren't you supposed to meet up with her?"
"Hasn't happened yet."
"Is there a problem?"
"Too soon to tell. Thanks, Ray."
Moore's next call was to the other man involved in this entire situation.
Moore had, of course, brought his case notes with him, including the bright orange flyer that Ray had taken from Devine, Chance & Merit. What did it mean that Aleister was wanted by their security? What did it mean that Aleister had obviously been investigating them?
Moore's first experience with Aleister Luck was not one he was particularly proud of.
Less than a year after Moore had joined the LVMPD, he'd answered a robbery-in-progress at a 7-Eleven. He'd been stupid and entered the establishment haphazardly. A thug had cold-cocked Moore, but not before Moore saw Aleister Luck in the observation mirror. Both, Moore and the thug, were later found unconscious by his colleagues. Their weapons were nowhere to be found.
Ray Sanyo had heard the story and was skeptical. "Because Aleister Luck is so distinct in appearance."
But Moore knew it was Aleister.
The next day, his service weapon, the thug's stolen gun and a note were left in the front seat of his cruiser. "My apologies, officer," said the note. "I didn't want either of these to fall into the wrong hands."
Luck had never quite admitted or explained, but it was the sort of thing that Aleister would be involved in. He had foiled an inordinate number of robberies. One thwarted bank heist had been the day after he'd helped clear a missing person's case. Aleister Luck lived up to his name.
If Aleister was involved, something screwy was going on. Felts lying about Dana put the law firm in a very poor light as far as Moore was concerned.
After the fifth ring, Moore feared that he'd get Aleister's voice mail as well. Aleister might have had Moore's work number, but his personal number wouldn't return an ID. Moore was genuinely surprised when Aleister answered.
"Hello?"
"Aleister Luck? This is Detective David Moore with Las Vegas Metro." He wasn't sure how well Aleister remembered him, but he assumed that Dana had mentioned him.
"Oh, yes, Detective Moore, do you–"
"Do you know where Dana Spelman is, Luck?" The question came out more harshly than Moore intended.
"I don't know exactly. I was just told that she's at Griffin Hospital."
"What?" Moore immediately feared the worst; that Dana had been harmed, possibly shot, by one of her pursuers.
"Griffin Hospital in Massachusetts."
"Is that Cambridge or Boston? What happened?" 
"Smith said Cambridge. I don't know yet."
"Who's Smith?"
"Listen, Detective, I understand you were investigating Felix Benes' disappearance. Dana and I split up yesterday in New York. Last I knew, she was headed to Cambridge. I don't know more than that. I'm as surprised as you are to learn that she's in the hospital. I really need to get off the phone so I can get going to Massachusetts."
"I'm in Boston, Luck. Why don't you take a moment to answer my questions? Why did you leave her alone? Surely, you knew she was being followed." Moore had made his way to a car rental counter and was trying hard not to shout.
"I don't have time to repeat myself," said Luck. He was so matter-of-fact that Moore was left speechless. "I'll give you Smith's number and he can entertain your questions. He knows more than I do and he won't waste your time. Tell him Chicky-D sent you."
In retrospect, Moore wasn't sure why he went along with what Aleister suggested. Maybe it was because Moore, as a dumb rookie, has imbued Aleister with some sort of magical competence. Or maybe, in the chaos of the situation surrounding Dana, Aleister Luck was the only one that seemed to have a plan.
20 – Romeo to the Rescue

Dana worked in the middle of a café at a computer so old that glowing green type scrolled on the black CRT. She felt that someone was sending her messages, warnings, but she couldn't differentiate one word from another.
A waitress with pink streaks in her hair set a tall mocha latte next to the CRT. The foam on the drink had a yellow, curdled cast.
"Are you trying to poison me?" Dana asked.
The barista behind the counter wore think rimmed glasses. Two shadowy men stood in front of the pastry case. All three stared at her, through her.
"I'm not paying for this," said Dana. The latte had been replaced by a gin and tonic. "It's poisoned and I'm not paying for it."
"Ms. Spelman?" The pink-haired girl had reappeared, but she wasn't the one speaking. "Ms. Spelman? Dana?"
"You know my name," Dana muttered. Her eyelids were lead but she managed to haul them open.
"Well, we're glad you're waking up. I apologize for going through your personal effects. You were unconscious when you arrived here." The nurse wore salmon colored scrubs, but didn't have the golden-olive complexion to pull it off. Her nametag read "Katy." She was smiling and chiding and honestly happy to see Dana awake.
"You haven't released my name, have you? I don't want to end up in a news article."
"Relax, Ms. Spelman. We won't give your name without permission." She hovered around the bed like a hummingbird, checking fluids and monitors. "Are you feeling any pain? Any dizziness?"
"No. No." Dana couldn't qualify what she was feeling as dizzy. Muddled and groggy, yes. Dizzy, no. Her body was made of stone, other than her stomach, which was unnaturally hollow.
"Do you know what day it is?"
"Still Thursday?"
"It is. You haven't been here very long."
"What happened?" Dana asked.
"According to your chart, you're recovering from toxic drug interactions."
"What drugs?"
"Your attending physician is Dr. Reynolds. I'm going to let her know that you're awake and she'll explain what some of the long term effects will be." Katy couldn't take the menace from her words.
"What happened to Dr. Bohr? Was it the coffee?"
"Dana, please, relax." Katy squeezed her arm. "Your stomach probably isn't feeling great, but are you hungry? How about if I bring you some applesauce?"
Dana didn't answer and Katy headed toward the door. "And I'll tell your visitors that you're awake, if you feel up to it."
"Yes," said Dana. David Moore should have arrived in Boston, shouldn't he have? Of course, Dana wasn't sure how he'd know she was in the hospital. Maybe he had been in contact with Aleister or Smith. More likely, she expected her visitor to be Aleister. He knew where she was supposed to be, and more than likely, Smith had been tracking her all along.
Neither of the men that came into her room were Aleister Luck or David Moore. 
One was tall with wheat colored hair, the other shorter with glasses. Dana recognized them immediately from the coffee shop in New York.
The heart monitor hooked to Dana began to beep wildly and she fumbled for the nurse's call button. The machinery and bed rails had her trapped.
"Calm down, Ms. Spelman," said the shorter man, the one that had tampered with her laptop. He kept his voice low.
Dana searched for something that she could use to stab or bludgeon them if they came closer, but the efforts quickly took their toll. She reeled as the world tilted. The bedside telephone was a world away. Thankfully, they stayed near the door.
"We're not here to hurt you, Dana," said the taller one. "We just wanted to check in. Make sure you're okay. You don't need to worry about anything because we're looking after you."
"You get some rest now, Ms. Spelman," the short one added.
They weren't gone long before Katy peeked in to make sure that both Dana's heart and her heart monitors were functioning correctly.
"Food service is sending up some applesauce," she reassured Dana.
The snack still hadn't materialized when there was a light knock on the wall inside her room. Dana braced herself for whatever might be next.
David Moore peeked around the edge of the half-closed curtain. He was scruffier than when she'd last saw him, with a good day's growth of stubble. His face lit up with an unreasonably large smile when he saw her.
"I'm glad to see you, Dana," he said.
Dana winced. "I'm glad you found me. How did you find me?"
"When I couldn't get ahold of you, I called Luck."
"And Aleister knew I was here?"
"Smith did. He's been tracking you via your cell phone."
Dana couldn't rally enough energy to be angry. "I'm not surprised."
"What happened? Did you talk to Dr. Bohr?"
"Yes, briefly, before... I don't know exactly what happened. I guess I was poisoned. I haven't talked to a doctor yet. Detective, you might check the hallway. Two men were just here. The ones from the Starbucks in New York."
Moore ducked out of the room and was back in a moment. "There's no one out there now," he said. "That doesn't mean they're not watching from hiding."
"Are my things here somewhere?"
Moore put his own laptop bag by the bed and investigated the other doors in the room. One led to an oversized bathroom. The other was a wardrobe cabinet.
"There's a purse, a laptop bag, and some clothes packaged in a clear bag," said Moore. He brought the purse and laptop over to her.
Katy came with applesauce, a pitcher of water, and a pleasant smile. "We discourage using cell phones, but we do have Wi-Fi in the hospital now. Just don't overdo it, huh? She needs her rest," Katy said to Moore before she left.
Dana looked through her purse and didn't find anything unfamiliar, but stopped at her phone.
"Do you think they went through your stuff?" Moore asked.
"How else would they know I'm here?" Dana said distractedly.
"Are you worried about your phone?" said Moore.
"Smith checked my phone to see if I was being tracked back in Vegas. I'm not sure how they would have done anything to it, though. I've kept it in my purse." Dana considered asking Moore to dig out the foil pouch, but thought better of it. She didn't want to be out of communication indefinitely.
"Don't ask me," said Moore.
Dana struggled to sit up. When she managed to stop her head from swimming, she gestured for her laptop.
"After Aleister and I went our separate ways, I decided that I was going to talk to a journalist about this."
Moore winced.
"You don't think it's a good idea?" The laptop booted, and use of the building's slow Wi-Fi made Dana impatient.
"I'm police. I never think that the media is a good idea." Dana started to collect her argument, but Moore stayed the torrent with a wave of his hand. "But I can understand why you'd want to. Once you talk, there's no reason to try and shut you up any longer."
"True, but there's also the fact that this is a story that needs to be told. Two biologists who were colleagues of Felix Benes are dead."
"Then you should go to the police," said Moore.
"You are the police."
"I'm a little out of my jurisdiction."
Dana brought up the list of Benes' other colleagues that Smith had collated and turned her computer to show Moore. "If you take the story to the local police and I take it to the media, do you think we'll have a chance of alerting them all?"
Moore glanced over the list. "Our combined efforts would probably be better. Can you email that to me?"
Between the slow internet connection and her muddled thoughts, the seconds seemed to drag. When she finally checked her inbox, she found an auto-reply from a writer at the Washington Post and a short polite email from John Barrowman at the New York Times. Dana read it twice before conveying it to Moore.
"Tell him you'd like to meet," said Moore. "Being in the hospital can't hurt your story can it? Hell, you and Bohr being poisoned is a story in itself. I'm surprised there isn't a journalist sniffing around as it is."
Dana thought it was strange too.
"I think I need to get out of here first. Those two guys followed me from New York. I left Las Vegas under an assumed name to get away from guys like them. I'm pretty sure that they're watching the building."
"You haven't even talked to your doctor yet, have you?"
Dana shook her head and regretted the action. "No."
"Are you feeling well enough to stand?"
Dana clenched her jaw. "I'll be fine."

* * * * *

At the nurses station, Katy smiled as the young man from Spelman's room approached. Most visitors to her ward had features in common. Hollow eyes, a day's worth of beard, everyday clothes that had been thrown on without thought. This gentleman was no different, aside from being a little tanner than she usual saw and pretty fit.
"What can I help you with?" she asked.
He leaned forward over the counter. His shoulder brushed a large bouquet of mixed flowers that hadn't been delivered to its proper room.
"My girlfriend has had a terrible scare today."
"Yes, sir, I suppose she has." This guy wasn't the first to ask about Spelman, but he was the first to claim her as a girlfriend. The other men had left their contact number as well and requested to be notified when she was released. While it wasn't hospital policy, Katy was often willing to give patient's friends a call when family members were scarce.
"Is there any chance that a doctor is going to see her soon?" he asked. "She's been awake for quite some time now."
"She's getting the best care, sir." Katy didn't need to refer to Spelman's chart. "She's in no danger now and her doctor will be in when time permits."
"I'm not arguing that she hasn't gotten great care, but she's getting very stressed out about not knowing what's happened. We really need to talk to a doctor." He leaned a little closer, his voice a little louder.
"Sir..."
"She's worried. I'm worried. What sort of poison was this? What kind of damage has this done to her liver? What is this going to mean for us?" He became more demonstrative, pointing to the room and back to himself.
Katy stood halfway, but realized that the man was looming too close. She began to worry a little and peered over his shoulder hoping for one of her male colleagues. Or better yet, Ms. Spelman's doctor. There was no one.
"And none of you seem that busy around here. She's not a world-famous scientist, but that doesn't mean you can ignore her."
He flung an arm forward and knocked the flowers into the nurses station. Water dumped on to several charts and somehow the phone and several other objects from the desk followed the plants and the vase.
The man was immediately regretful.
"Oh, shit! Oh, I'm sorry!"
He rushed around the counter and knelt down to help clean up the mess. Unfortunately, he nudged the file rack that wasn't particularly stable in the first place.
Katy joined him after attempting to rescue the paperwork from the moisture.
"I'm so sorry," he kept repeating.
"It's okay. It's fine." Katy put her hands up in an effort to ward the area, but the man clumsily continued to help.
"I'm just really worried," he said.
Katy swallowed her annoyance and agreed. "Yes, I know."

* * * * *

Once Moore had taken his time calming down and "helping" Katy at the nurses' station, he made his apologies and excuses.
"I need some air and I'd better call her parents," he muttered.
He took the elevator down a floor and then went to the stairs. He found Dana Spelman on the landing.
She had dressed before Moore had approached the nurses' station and made a break for the stairs when he'd knocked over the flowers. She had joked that she'd meet him in the lobby, but she was weak enough that one flight had left her exhausted.
He snaked an arm around her waist and helped her down the last three flights.
"Just a minute," she said when they reached the ground floor. "I want to look like I belong walking out of the hospital."
Moore didn't point out that maybe she shouldn't be leaving the hospital if she worried about looking well enough to do so.
Bringing his car around wasn't an option. Instead, Dana produced a hair tie from her purse and put on her oversized sunglasses. With a high, jaunty ponytail in place, she didn't look any more worse for wear than many visitors leaving the hospital.
While Dana gathered herself, Moore scouted a side exit with the intention of avoiding Dana's watchers.
When they started again, Dana walked with energy, setting a decent pace. She seemed like a different woman than the one in the hospital bed or collapsed in the stairway. She crumpled again once she was in the car.
"Let's make sure we're not being followed and then you can call your newspaper man," said Moore.
Dana didn't answer. Her eyelids drooped. She seemed small and pale in the passenger seat, not at all like the woman he and Sanyo had met at Felix Benes' apartment. Not for the first time in the last few hours, David Moore wondered if they were doing the right thing.
21 – Crossfire

"We lost visual of her."
Howell had thought Roberts and Donavan in Las Vegas were incompetent, but those two were all-stars compared to their East Coast counterparts.
One of them was named Doles, but Howell didn't care about actually knowing their names. He had figured that being conspicuous and haunting Dana Spelman would be an easy enough job for them. That she had been hospitalized was problematic. He probably shouldn't have added the quinidine to the coffee in addition to the dronedarone. However, he wanted to make sure Bohr died and the poisoning would be recognized.
The events surrounding her subsequent disappearance were curious. Spelman's companion from Vegas was unaccounted for and he hadn't been spotted. Then she had gained a second compatriot. Howell didn't know who he was. Neither did Frick and Frack.
Still, it was only a partial failure on their part. They had successfully planted a GPS-listening device combo. Howell could track her. In fact, Howell knew exactly where Dana Spelman was at this very moment. They probably expected that Howell would give them a lead on where she was.
"A visual by you is no longer necessary," said Howell. "Hole up for the time being and wait for further instructions."
"Uh, okay. We'll wait until–" Howell took too much pleasure in ending the call.
Dana Spelman was almost interesting. Last night, Howell had thought that she would be boring. After Frick and Frack had scared her, Howell had expected her to check into a hotel and not peek out until Christmas. That would have been the safest thing to do. But she didn't, she had headed to Massachusetts. Taken the risk. She had left the hospital, without being discharged, and lost her tail. That, in Howell's estimation, wasn't a bad job.
The task of physically locating her was easy, and now, Howell followed her muffled conversation from the roof of the building across the street.
She was talking to a reporter. This was what Howell had been waiting for.

* * * * *

Alan Barrowman was an older man with fine lines at the corners of his eyes and a prodigious nose. He had the chronically wrinkled wardrobe and the beat-up laptop of a man that spent all of his time in a car or on a plane.
David Moore and Dana Spelman met him at Johnny B's Americana, a favorite of Barrowman's when he was in the Boston area.
"Dana Spelman? No offense, but you look like you've had a terrible day" was the newspaperman's greeting. He shook Moore's hand and Moore liked him immediately.
Dana did look terrible. She was hollow-eyed, but her cheeks had some color. She drained one glass of water and asked the waitress for a second with less ice.
"You believe it was poisoning?" Barrowman asked.
They were easing into the conversation, beginning with what had happened since Dana had first emailed Barrowman. Dr. Bohr's death was news in itself and Dana was part of it.
"I don't know for sure. I never talked to a doctor."
"Why was that?" Barrowman asked with a frown.
"I left the hospital without being discharged after two men that have been following me showed up. I didn't feel safe there."
Barrowman let that statement sit, but noted it in a half-sized paper notebook.
"None of the news outlets are saying anything definitive," said Barrowman. "Most seem to suspect an interaction with his heart meds. I did a story last year on this sort of thing. Medications like digoxin, for heart problems, and quinidine which is used to treat malaria can kill a man if they're used together, but doctors sometimes aren't catching the co-prescriptions."
"Dr. Bohr was definitely on heart meds. He took them when I was there," said Dana.
"Even grapefruit juice can be dangerous with some medicines, right?" said Moore.
"It wasn't grapefruit juice in that coffee," said Dana.
"In any case," said Barrowman, "there are many possibilities as to what might have interacted with Dr. Bohr's heart medications that aren't dire to you, Miss Spelman."
The waitress reappeared to take their orders. Barrowman chose a big chicken-fried steak. Dana ordered chowder, and Moore stuck with the thing he ate whenever it was on the menu, a French Dip sandwich.
"Are they connecting it to the death at Columbia?" Moore asked.
"You do realize that I am 'they,' right? Honestly, I'm not sure why I'm not beating off my more paparazzi-like colleagues with a stick. Whatever the reason for that, are you implying that you can link Dr. Bohr's death to something bigger?"
"I can connect it to a disappearance and an attempt on my life."
Moore could tell that Barrowman was excited by the prospect. He leaned closer, minutely. The older man's smile completely reached his eyes. Moore couldn't blame Barrowman. He felt the same way each time he was on the cusp of cracking a case, big or small.
"You'll go on record?" the newspaperman asked.
"Yes," said Dana.
"Wait a moment. Let me get my recorder."

* * * * *

Howell worked quickly, only half paying attention to the conversation delivered to him via the piece in his ear. He had surveyed the area around Johnny B's Americana before he had chosen his vantage point.
The building across the street from the restaurant was three stories tall and flanked by alleys on two sides. The roof was accessible via a fire escape and from inside. In one alley, there was a dumpster set against the building. Howell had opened it and chained the lid to a barred window with a bicycle lock. He had scavenged nearby alleys for cardboard boxes and anything else that was remotely soft. It all went into the dumpster. Back on the roof, he used a permanent marker to scribble on the lip of the roof near where the dumpster was below.
The door to the roof from inside the building was easily jimmied open. None of his preparations garnered notice from the building's residents.
Johnny B's had a large glass window in front, but Dana and her white knights didn't sit near it. They were paranoid and had an ounce of sense between them. But unless they used a back door, Howell wouldn't miss them leaving.
He had a perfect view.

* * * * *

Aleister didn't arrive in Cambridge until fairly late in the evening. He'd checked Dana's GPS location soon after his conversations with Smith and David Moore, but hadn't opened his laptop since he'd hit Massachusetts. He headed roughly toward MIT. At least, that's where the signs pointed. Eventually, Aleister parked a block away from a restaurant called Johnny B's Americana. His stomach rumbled. The passenger's seat of his rental car was a wasteland of gas station food wrappers. When he found Dana, a meal would be good.
Aleister kept his eyes on the ground in front of him as he walked. Dana was no longer in the hospital. She was here, somewhere nearby. He entered a building and, as was his habit, he took the stairs. The door to the roof was propped open.
Aleister did not find this strange at all.

* * * * *

"So, what about this Aleister Luck?" Barrowman asked. "His side would be valuable to me. Can you get me in touch with him?"
"Of course, I'll give you his contact information." Dana nodded over the ice cream malt she'd ordered for dessert. She hadn't touched much of her soup, or the shake. Her stomach was still unsteady, but she didn't feel as weak or tired.
"I should probably call him," she said. Cold panic sloshed over her. "Good god, they haven't released my name on TV or anything, have they? My mother would be worried sick."
Moore had his smart phone out before she stopped talking. "No. No name. No identifying info," he said after a couple swipes of his fingers. "And don't worry about Aleister. He's been apprised."
Barrowman paid the bill. He and Moore jostled over it, but Barrowman presented his wallet first with a natural chivalrous aplomb.
"And besides, I can comp it," he said with a wink.
Moore offered her his arm and Barrowman flanked her on the other side.
Physically, she was feeling better and turned her worries to retrieving her rental car from the university parking garage and getting back to the hotel. She felt adrift again, though less so than before.
Mr. Barrowman had her story.
Within the week, the deaths of Dr. Aggarwal and Dr. Bohr would be connected with the disappearance of Felix Benes. Where Devine, Chance & Merit, Aleister Luck, or Dana herself fell within that, she didn't exactly know.

* * * * *

Nicholas Howell braced the rifle barrel on the lip of the roof, a pad between the concrete barrier and the metal of the gun's bipod.
Past dinnertime, the restaurant had cleared out. The occasional vehicle driving by lit the stretch between streetlights, but otherwise, Howell would have to rely on the dimmed storefronts.
When Dana Spelman and the two men came through the door, Howell waited. The older one, the reporter, was in the way. Howell would have a clear shot as they moved down the street. Patience was a virtue. He exhaled and quieted his breath as he pulled trigger.
Behind him, the door to the roof fell closed with a clank.
Howell's aim wavered and the bullet hit Alan Barrowman.

* * * * *

He was laughing at some comment Moore had made as he slipped the digital recorder into his shirt pocket. A fraction of a second passed between the recorder exploding and the sound of the shot. He frowned and grabbed at his chest. Three seconds later blood bloomed from the hole and Barrowman fell.
Moore reached for his absent sidearm.
Dana didn't scream. She looked to the rooftops.

* * * * *

Aleister saw the prone man at the edge of the roof. He immediately shifted his focused to the dark buildings across the street.
Nicholas Howell turned and fired at Aleister. The gun jammed and he threw it aside.
Aleister moved toward him, managing to block the assassin's possible egress down through the building and via the fire escape.
Howell dodged first one way and then the other, not entirely sure what this man intended. When he found no other choice, he made a run for the edge of the roof that he had marked. He stopped abruptly before he jumped, hoping to kill enough momentum. Too much and he would land too far from the building, missing the dumpster. He was mostly successful. The boxes broke Howell's fall, but his left forearm caught the steel edge of the refuse bin.

* * * * *

Howell kept his injured arm tucked to his body. He had parked close.
Despite the excitement, Howell was pretty sure that the man that had discovered him was the guy from the law office flyer, Dana's initial compatriot. He had apparently followed the woman to Cambridge and had been lying very low. So low, that Howell hadn't noticed him. Instead, Howell had been the quarry, not the stalker. A disconcerting thought.
And his shot. How had his shot gone so wrong? He had hit the reporter, not Spelman. It had been the worst thing that could have happened, given the situation. The worst luck.

* * * * *

Moore saw the white sedan round the corner at the far end of the street. The only place it could have come from was the alley behind the buildings opposite Johnny B's.
Alan Barrowman was on his back, bleeding from a chest wound. Dana was applying pressure and Moore had already called 911 and given them information. He was currently "waiting on the line."
Moore placed the phone on the ground next to Dana. "They're on their way."
"What are you doing?" Dana asked. "Where are you going?"
"I'll be back."
He had been able to park in a lot around the corner from the restaurant. There were few enough cars that he didn't have to think about which one was his rental.
He sped down the street. Past Johnny B's, past Dana and Barrowman. Her face was wide with shock as she realized that Moore was leaving without her.
Moore spotted a white sedan ahead at a stoplight and slowed. He glanced down the side streets as he cleared an intervening intersection. None of the vehicles were small enough or light colored enough. He was several cars behind the white sedan he had targeted and wished to stay that way.
The white sedan, a Honda Accord, continued straight away from the scene. It wasn't until they were passed by two police cars with lights flashing going in the opposite direction that the Honda made a right turn. Moore mirrored the action, trying to keep a couple cars between him and his target. Moore wasn't unused to navigating traffic, but eight clogged lanes in Las Vegas was different than the narrow streets and short blocks of the Boston metro. The next three turns were in quick succession and Moore missed the last one, another right. He turned at the next intersection and hoped the extra block wouldn't put him too far behind. He made a second right and again increased his speed. As he neared the corner, the headlights of oncoming traffic surged toward him.
Moore's first panicked thought was that he'd missed a "one way" sign. Instead of contemplating the matter, he swerved right and smashed into a mini truck in the lane next to him. The car that he'd sworn was going to slam into him head-on passed within inches, close enough to nick the rental car's driver side mirror.
The only feature he noted was that the vehicle was a white Honda Accord.
22 – Showdown with the F.B.I.

"We need to ask you a few questions, Ms. Spelman. This shouldn't take very long."
The FBI agent, Jane Cassidy, wasn't more than five years older than Dana. She had an efficient manner that made Dana feel slow and disheveled.
Of course, disheveled was the visage that Dana saw in the mirrored window of the interrogation room. Slow certainly described her thoughts. She was distracted by the events of the past day. Knowing Bohr was gone, her own poisoning, her stalkers, and trying desperately to hold Barrowman's blood inside after being shot at. None of it specifically registered in her mind. She just felt numb. Dana would cry if she wasn't so exhausted.
In the aftermath of the shooting, the FBI quickly took control of the scene. Dana didn't have the wherewithal to be skeptical of their authority. Washing Barrowman's blood off on her own pressed the limits of her competency. She wanted to cooperate fully and go home and sleep. Or rather, go to the hotel and sleep. Hell, if they brought in a cot, she'd stay here if they'd let her.
"Do you know this man?" Agent Cassidy leaned on the table and placed a picture of Aleister Luck on table. It was the grainy security shot of him from DCM.
Dana blinked at it, but the blurry photo didn't change or become any clearer. Why were they asking about Aleister, and why did they have the picture from DCM? "Yes," she answered.
"How well do you know him?"
"Not very," she wasn't sure she was lying.
"What was the nature of your relationship?"
"He's a private investigator. He was helping me with a case." Dana decided that her past with Aleister wasn't the FBI's business. She'd try not to lie. Too much.
"You hired him?"
"Yes." Close enough to the truth.
"You're both from Las Vegas?"
"Yes." 
"What was the nature of the case you were investigating?"
"I'm a lawyer. My client disappeared."
"And you hired this man to help you find your client?"
"Yes."
Agent Cassidy sat down across from Dana. "He shot Alan Barrowman."
Dana didn't think that anything could surprise her. "What?"
"He was found on the rooftop, Ms. Spelman. With a rifle."
"What?"
"He was on the roof across from the restaurant, Ms. Spelman. With a high powered rifle."
"I doubt that. I'm surprised that you would believe that at all."
"Why do you say that, Ms. Spelman?"
"Listen. I've had a very long, very hard day and I'm tired."
"Just a few more questions, Ms. Spelman. Is there any reason that you think that this man—"
"Would shoot Alan Barrowman? They had never met."
"Ma'am, we don't think that Mr. Barrowman was the target."
"Who was, me? I believe Detective Moore is acquainted with Aleister as well."
"You were the only other person outside the restaurant at the time of the shooting other than Alan Barrowman." 
"And Detective Moore."
"We still haven't heard from Detective Moore, but yes, the waitress at Johnny B's does concur, there was a second man with you."
Dana had David Moore's cell phone. He'd left it when he took off after the man that had shot Alan Barrowman. At least, that's what Dana assumed. 
"By the way, Mr. Barrowman was very lucky. His recorder deflected the bullet and it only nicked his heart. Avoided major arteries. Miraculous that he's only in critical condition."
"I want to leave now," said Dana.
"What else can you tell us–?"
"I want to leave," Dana repeated. 
As a witness, she had not seen much. Barrowman had fallen to the ground, shot, badly wounded. Moore had called 911. She had scanned the buildings across the street, but hadn't seen anything in the glare from the street lights. It had taken Dana longer than she'd rather admit to apply pressure to Barrowman's wound.
Agent Cassidy touched Dana's hand. "He's a contract killer, Ms. Spelman. There was a contract out on you."
"That's so ridiculous. There have been other men after me, but not Aleister."
"He lied to you. He toyed with you and he was going to kill you."
Dana shook her head. The world might have been turned topsy-turvy and Aleister had many faults, but he wasn't that kind of man. She could not conceive of a scenario where Aleister would betray her. Leave her on a New York street corner? Yes. Lie about gambling? Yes. Be hired as a contract killer? No.
"Is there anything else you'd like to tell us?" asked Agent Cassidy.
Dana presumed that there was at least one other investigator beyond the mirrored window. She searched for a shadow of movement but there was none.
"No, there isn't. I'd like to go now."
Agent Cassidy smiled at her. "Alright, Ms. Spelman. You're a lawyer so you understand obstruction of justice. If you have nothing else to tell us, you're free to go."
"You believe that Aleister tried to kill me?"
"Yes."
"So, you believe that I'm safe as long as he's in custody?"
"Yes."
Dana nodded. "Just checking."

* * * * *

Aleister Luck sat in a similarly outfitted interrogation room.
The shooter had jumped from the building. That had been unusual. The man had not relied on chance, but had created an escape that was difficult to anticipate and impede. He had left a mark to note where the garbage dumpster was, and Aleister had taken too long admiring his adversary's workmanship to avoid the FBI.
Aleister had no idea how the FBI had become involved in this. Their treatment of him suggested that there was more to the situation than finding him on the roof with the rifle.
The handcuff on his right wrist hadn't closed properly, and Aleister had held it in place. He had been absolutely cooperative. He'd followed every direction given to him regarding physical conduct and had answered every question honestly, if not in the form of an essay.
He wondered idly whether Dana would represent him if he asked.

* * * * *

"Are we letting Spelman go?"
Jane Cassidy joined her partner at the row of LCDs that monitored the holding rooms.
"We'll keep an eye on her." Agent Jimmy Burns pulled at his right ear lobe, a tic that only surfaced when he was annoyed. "She obviously knows more than she's telling, but there's not much we can do about that."
Dana Spelman fidgeted at the interrogation table. As a lawyer, she had a good idea of what her rights were in this situation. They had nothing to charge her with, had asked the appropriate questions, and it was time to let her go.
"What about this David Moore she mentioned?" Cassidy asked.
"We called Vegas Metro. He is a detective there. His sergeant said he should be in Boston. Leave of absence or some such."
"Oh, really?"
Burns shrugged. "His sergeant was smooth, but I have a feeling that he was trying not to sound like he'd lost control of his squad."
"He hasn't shown up at the scene?"
"Nope, and he hasn't called her."
"That we know of."
"He's a person of interest, but the best way to scare him up might be to let her go," said Burns.
"Agreed. Anything from him?" Cassidy asked.
"Not much. He did give his name. Strange, considering he wasn't carrying a wallet or I.D. Otherwise, it's the same song and dance that we usually get. 'I haven't done anything. Can I go now?'" Burns snorted.
"And you didn't tell him that he could go, did you, Jimmy?"
Burns shot her a look that would have withered plastic roses. He had let the phrase slip out once a couple years ago during an interrogation. His partner at the time, not Cassidy, had quickly covered his sarcasm, but the story got told and retold, much to Burns' chagrin.
Aleister Luck sat quietly, his hands still cuffed behind him. He kept his head down and his face angled away from the camera. Someone had taped the hardcopy of a BOLO below the screen. The photo included was fuzzy. The likeness wasn't obvious.
"He has ties to her, but not the reporter," said Burns.
"His shot missed and unfortunately hit the reporter," said Cassidy.
"This is a guy that's supposed to be getting paid to kill people. Do you really think he missed and hit the reporter? The shot would have hit him in the heart if his digital recorder hadn't been in the way." Jimmy Burns pointed at the screen. "A fluke miss. And then his gun jammed." His pointing shifted to Spelman. "Or she'd be dead too."
"That very well could be. So, what did she do or what does she know that makes someone want her dead?"
"Well, someone is his employer," said Burns with a tap on the LCD showing Luck. "We need to sweat him to get to the bottom of this."
A wall shuddering clatter sent both agents out into the bullpen. A brush-cut square-jawed Neanderthal had put his shoulder into Agent Watson. Watson's partner took an elbow to the face. Whatever the infraction, the body-builder had decided that he no longer wanted to be in the FBI's custody.
An office full of armed and trained men and women had a more difficult time with the man than Cassidy expected. In the end, another elbow was thrown and a desk overturned before all was put right. And when Agent Jane Cassidy and Agent Jimmy Burns returned to the surveillance station, they found that Room One was empty. The suspected sniper, Aleister Luck, was gone.
23 – The Departure of Party #2

The interrogation room lacked a clock and, without her cell phone, Dana didn't have a watch. They had taken her phone and David Moore's along with her ID, purse, and laptop bag. The only thing she had was the assurance that all would be returned when questioning was done.
Dana assumed that the interrogation was indeed finished. Shortly after Agent Cassidy had left, all hell had broken loose in the FBI office, followed by a second commotion a few minutes later. Quieter, but with as much urgency. She had heard much crashing and cursing, but had little concept of what had taken place.
"It's probably Aleister," she thought, idly, but she couldn't conjure exactly what circumstances might surround his current mischief. Dana was strangely comforted by the fact that she hadn't heard any shots fired.
Agent Cassidy had amiably brought a cup of coffee and a disposable bottle of water when she first sat down to talk to Dana. The liquids had taken their toll and Dana's bladder ached. She counted another six sets of footsteps pass outside her door, and then Dana decided to take matters into her own hands.
Only one agent stood amid the disarray of desks and paperwork when Dana opened the door. He was on the phone, and with a frown and a gesture, he let her know that he would be with her in a moment.
They had, of course, locked her belongings in a secure cabinet. Probably any agent in the office had a key or knew the combination, but the precaution kept just anyone from walking off with valuable possessions or potential evidence. Still, Dana would have felt more comfortable if she had immediate access to her purse and bag. She irrationally felt the need to flee.
"How can I help you ma'am?" The young agent had hung up the phone and maneuvered around a desk to where Dana stood.
"Have I been charged with anything? Or am I free to go?"
The young man, his suit jacket was less than pressed, looked toward another office that had its door closed. Instead of disturbing whoever was inside, he referred to a form on the desk nearest the interrogation room.
"Miss Spelman?" he asked, still reading.
"Yes."
"I don't have any indication either way, ma'am. And Agents Cassidy and Burns are currently indisposed."
"Then let me exert my legal right and ask, am I free to leave?" Dana spoke sharply, hoping she sounded authoritative and not shrill. Pressed, the agent would have to honor her request, or find some reason to further detain her and risk legal recourse if it turned out that Dana had been detained longer than necessary. In this case, the youth of the agent and the circumstances of the evening were on Dana's side.
"Ma'am, I am terribly sorry that you were overlooked. Your release should have been processed a long time ago."
Dana had questions on the tip of her tongue, but she settled for a curt nod. She didn't want the agent thinking too much about what he was doing. Chances were, he would be reprimanded. All Dana wanted was to go somewhere and sleep.
"I'm going to have you fill out the rest of this form while I get your belongings." The agent disappeared into a side room.
Dana wasn't going to risk sitting down again. Getting up was more effort than she wanted to expend. Instead, she hunched over a desk and verified that the phone number she'd given earlier, her Las Vegas address, and her alternate contact number were correct. She had put her mother in that last spot and hoped to God that the FBI never had to call Carol Spelman. That was a level of explanation that Dana hoped wouldn't be necessary.
"Please sign it at the bottom, Ma'am."
Dana signed the form, attesting that the information was accurate to the best of her knowledge.
"Okay, here you go," he said. He handed Dana her purse, her laptop bag, which was also tagged, and two clear plastic evidence bags secured to each other with clear packing tape. The purse was empty, the bag only contained Teri's laptop. Almost everything was in the evidence bags. "I need you to make sure everything that you brought with you is marked on the evidence bags and accounted for. Then I need you to sign the chain of custody form."
Dana made sure the laptop was hers, or rather Terri's, and turned the clear bags around in her hands without opening them. One had her cell phone and the contents of her purse as well as the peripherals and cords for the laptop. The other had David Moore's cell phone as well as another wallet and keys. She glanced at the description of the bag's contents. Someone had mistakenly identified the wallet as Moore's.
Dana was tired enough that she didn't have to work too hard at quelling her confusion.
"Looks like it's all there," she said. She picked a pen and signed the form.
"Are you sure you don't want to be more thorough?" The young agent fidgeted. "Once you sign, you've attested that we've handed over all of your belongings and that nothing is being kept as evidence."
"Everything's here," Dana insisted. "I'd really like to go home now."
"I'm afraid we are currently lacking the resources to escort you. Can I call you a cab?"
"Yes, that would be appreciated." She'd ask the cabby to take her to the hotel. And then she would sleep.
"Cab's on the way. If you'd like to wait...?" He motioned to one of the chairs at a desk.
"No. Would you mind if I used the restroom?"
"Not at all. Then I'll show you out."
"Thank you."
The hour was late enough that the bathroom had been freshly cleaned. When she had done what was necessary, Dana quickly redistributed some of the items from the evidence bags. Aleister's wallet went in her purse first and were covered by Moore's phone and the rest of her stuff. The rest of the items, including the empty bags went in with her laptop.
To his word, the agent was waiting for her when she emerged.
"Since security is a little tight tonight, ma'am, I'll wait with you until your cab arrives."
At the vestibule inside the front door, the agent's cell phone rang. "Johnson, here. Uh-huh. Okay, just a moment. Miss Spelman? I'm going to leave you in the care of this gentleman," said Johnson, referring to the security guard sitting at a desk inside the door. "Her cab is on the way."
The guard said nothing and looked bored.
Dana waited until Johnson was back in the elevator. "I'll wait outside," she said.
She didn't realize how cold she was until she stepped from the air conditioned office building into the thick summer night. She didn't think it was possible, but the change made her more tired.
The parking lot was small and seemingly ringed by government buildings, including the crescent-shaped building that was Center Plaza according to the sign. A cab pulled into a parking space near Dana. She took a step toward it, but stopped when someone got out. The passenger paid his fare, straightened, and Dana recognized him.
"David?"
"Hey! When they told me you were at the FBI, I didn't figure I'd see you for at least another hour."
"I–They just let me go. I have your phone. What happened?"
"Heh." David Moore rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, I saw a guy leaving the scene. Unfortunately, he not only evaded me, but caused the accident that left me in his dust."
"Did you get a license number?" Dana asked.
"I didn't get close enough to read the back plate, and if he had a front, I didn't see it past the glare of his high-beams."
The cab had pulled away and a second car, a sedan as unremarkable as any unmarked vehicle, pulled into the lot and stopped in front of Dana and David Moore. Its window was rolled down and the wordless end chorus of The Police's "Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic" could be heard.
Aleister Luck was in the driver's seat.
"Get in," he said over the music.
Dana hesitated, trading a glance with her companion.
"You too," Aleister said to Moore.
Surprisingly, Moore opened the back door for her. "You'll be more comfortable, and I need to talk to Luck."
Inside the building, the security guard had moved toward the glass door, examining the scenario. Dana gave him a smile and a little wave. "Nothing to see here," she muttered. "This is my ride."
Disinclined to do more than what was required, the guard returned to his post. 
Dana collapsed into the back seat and let her body go limp among Aleister's baggage.
Aleister Luck pulled away from the FBI building, leaving it for the second time in only a few hours.

* * * * *

"What the hell is going on here, Luck?" asked Moore.
Aleister hadn't seen David Moore in almost six months. He'd worked personally with Moore and Sanyo on a couple occasions, but mostly worked on the periphery of the Las Vegas Metro.
Though not in the mood to be interrogated by Moore, he acquiesced. "What do you know? Where do I need to start?
"What were you doing on the roof?" Dana asked.
"What?" asked Moore.
In the back seat, Dana craned around to watch the road behind them. "The FBI said they found you on the roof across the street."
"What?" Moore repeated. His voice was growing louder and he made the word last a whole two seconds.
"I was keeping you from getting shot," said Aleister. He drove with his eyes forward.
"Did you shoot Alan Barrowman?"
"I didn't shoot anyone, and I don't know anything about an Alan Barrowman."
"Alan is a reporter from the New York Times. The guy that was shot. You didn't shoot him, right?"
"No, I didn't shoot him. There was another man on the roof."
"Another man on the roof. Who?" Moore asked. Dana lapsed into silence.
"I don't know who it was. Never saw the guy before in my life."
"And what happened to him?"
"He fled. He jumped off the roof."
"And you didn't stop him?"
"He had a gun. He pointed it at me, but it jammed. Since I was blocking off the stairs and the fire escape, he jumped off the roof."
"Literally?" The absurdity of the situation was finally sinking into Moore.
"Literally. He landed in a dumpster."
"Did you tell the FBI that?"
"I left them a note."
Dana giggled from the back seat.
Moore chuckled as well. "I'm familiar with your notes. How did you know he was up there?"
"I didn't. I just happened to be there."
"On the roof?"
Aleister stifled his exasperation. "You said Barrowman was a reporter. Were you were talking to him about Benes?" He meant the question for Dana, but Moore responded.
"About Benes. About Aggarwal. About Bohr. About the numerous attempts on Dana's life."
"Numerous?"
"She's been drugged and nearly shot."
"Drugged twice," Dana added.
"What?" Moore peered over the seat back.
"I'll explain that later," said Aleister. "What did Barrowman say about the tale?"
"He believed her. He should be pretty convinced now."
"He didn't file the story, did he?"
"Of course not. He'd just heard it and had it on his recorder. Another reporter might want to follow up with it, I guess."
"Good," said Aleister.
24 – 'X' Marks the Spot

Agent Burns stormed into the security room, Agent Cassidy in his wake.
"For the love of everything bright and shiny, Tim, tell me that you have something."
Tim Reynolds spun his creaking office chair in a half circle turning from the door to bank of security monitors. "Oh, I have something. I have a lot of things, but none of them are good or shiny. First of all, there is this."
Tim showed Burns a text file on his computer monitor. Burns looked through it, puzzled.
"That's the transcript of your interrogation of this Aleister guy."
"Yeah, I see that."
"At the bottom of the screen." Tim pointed at the important part.
"Very funny, Tim. Your levity is not appreciated tonight."
"That's the real deal, Agent Burns."
"What is?" asked Cassidy from near the doorway. "What are you talking about?"
"I didn't say that." Burns pointed to the screen. "I would remember."
"No one caught it at the time, but it's on the video."
"Queue it up."
The situation dawned on Cassidy. "Oh, Jimmy, what did you say?"
Tim punched in a time stamp and let the footage play.
Aleister Luck sat at the table. His hands were cuffed behind him. His head was down and tilted away from the camera.
Burns was pacing, agitated.
"Did you have any other targets or just the two on the street?"
"I didn't shoot the gun."
"You didn't shoot the gun. Who did?" Burns' questions were fast and loud, and in contrast Aleister's answers were deliberate and quiet.
"There was a second man on the roof. He fired the weapon."
"Why didn't he shoot you?"
"The gun jammed."
"We didn't see a second man." Burns stopped his circuit of the room and leaned over the table. He was face to face with Aleister.
"You didn't see me with the gun either. My prints aren't on it."
"There are lots of prints on it." Burns lied. "We haven't had time to run prints on it so why don't you tell us what happened. Where's the second man now?"
"I've told you several times, and I think that it's about time that you release me."
"Yeah, sure, fine. We'll release you. You're no use to us. Why don't you go on home." Burns hit the desk for emphasis and stormed out of the room.
"Oh fuck," said Cassidy. "I was only kidding earlier."
"This was before that," Burns muttered. "Doesn't matter. We didn't discharge him properly. He's still a person of interest."
Tim raised his eyebrows. It would matter, if they re-apprehended the man. He could claim that he'd been told he could go, fairly and legally.
"Regardless," said Cassidy. "How did he pull his disappearing act?"
"That's also what I wanted you to see." He advanced the video.
"Here's our perp after you told him that he could leave."
Aleister remained seated after Burns left, still with his face turned away from the camera.
"And right now we have Molov throwing his fit out in the bullpen." Tim continued his narration.
Aleister, with the same calm deliberation, brought his hands from behind him. One cuff was undone. The next several screens showed the general office from different angles. Several agents went about their business until brawny Molov put his shoulder into Watson's solar plexus.
"Run those back," said Burns.
"I will, but you saw what you thought you saw. He was loose of his cuffs before Molov started moving."
"I doubt there was any connection or communication between them."
"Molov barely speaks English," said Cassidy.
"Not like Aleister was particularly verbose before disappearing."
"Well," said Tim, "he did communicate more than his statement."
"What?" said Cassidy.
Tim advanced the video. 
Aleister left the interrogation room and entered a frame in one of the cameras covering the office. As he passed a desk opposite from where Molov was flailing, he smoothly lifted a straw fedora from one of the detectives' desks and put it on.
"Batey's hat," said Burns.
Aleister's next stop was at a notepad on the next desk where he jotted something down.
Tim paused the recording as Agent Cassidy dashed out into the office. He switched one of the screens to a live feed and watched as Cassidy slipped on a pair of latex gloves and rifled through the junk on the desk. She gathered all the writing utensils into an evidence bag and showed a phone message pad to the camera.
When she came back into the security room, she read what was written there in neat, yet hastily rendered letters.
"The shooter jumped. 'X' marks the spot; you'll find a soft landing spot below."
"Do you have someone out there still?" Tim asked.
"Of course." Burns flipped open his cell phone. "Hey, yeah, this is Burns. You up on the roof? Good. Look around for some kind of marking. Was there any graffiti up there?" Burns shook his head at Tim and then Jane Cassidy. "Nothing," he muttered, still on the phone. "Except, what?"
Whatever he was being told, Burns was incredulous.
"Yeah, okay. Look over the edge. Is there anything on the ground below? Huh. Yeah, keep that dumpster from being emptied. Yeah. We'll be over." Burns ended the call and snapped his aged cell phone closed. "There's a marking on the roof and a dumpster below that's filled with cardboard and such."
"Cardboard?" asked Cassidy.
"Have you ever watched a show on stuntmen?" Tim asked. "Cardboard boxes are good for falling onto."
"Let's get on with this," said Burns.
"So, he leaves a note, and then..." In the video, Aleister took a small object from another desk.
"Handcuff keys," Tim guessed.
He moved past another desk and stopped at a plastic evidence bag.
"What's that? Is that from our case?" Burns asked.
"Items from Aleister's pockets that we were considering looking at. We hadn't secured them. A couple flash drives, a hotel key card, car keys, no wallet or I.D. though," Cassidy supplied.
Aleister gathered his belongings, chain of custody tags not yet recorded. He rummaged through one bag and produced a two inch long flash drive and left it lying where the bags had been. He took a similar flash drive from the computer tower in the next cubicle, but just as impulsively, left it behind as he folded a sheet of paper, picked it up and put it in his pocket. The camera didn't show what was on it.
"Jane?"
"On it."
Cassidy returned to her place in the doorway quickly with the discarded flash drives in separate evidence bags and three sets of latex gloves.
"Are we going to check this puppy out?" she asked, nodding at Luck's flash drive.
"Not without some major techies involved," Tim warned. "There could be anything on that. Some virus or a nasty trojan. We're not touching it."
"Fine," said Cassidy. "We'll wait for tech."
"It would be nice to know what was on that sheet of paper he took," said Tim.
"You think?" Burns was annoyed and getting snippy. "I don't suppose you have anything on Spelman leaving."
"Unfortunately, the camera out there only covers the door. Once she steps away, I don't know where she goes. But that is quite a bit later than this." He waved a finger at the monitors. "This Aleister guy walks right out of the office."
As Aleister passed by desks, Molov was being quelled and the agents that had been injured were tending to their wounds. The distraction had ended, yet no one paid enough attention to the man in Batey's stupid hat as he walked straight out of the office.
Burns chuckled in disgust.
"You haven't seen the best part yet. We lose him for a while when he takes the stairs."
Aleister walked off screen near the stairwell while his absence was being noted in the offices. Tim glanced at the two agents as they watched themselves on screen. Jane Cassidy's gaze wandered to other screens. Agent Burns sneered with his arms crossed over his chest.
The FBI office, along with many other government agencies, had security on the way in. Cameras. Metal detectors. Men and women to check IDs. There was considerably less restriction on the way out.
"We pick up with him here." Aleister walked into view of a camera with poorer resolution than the FBI's internal system.
"Where is that?" Cassidy asked.
"Law firm on third."
"We have cameras down there?"
Tim shrugged. "Kinda sorta. I've been given permission to monitor the front by the firm's security."
"Just the front?"
"They want to make sure that they have room to do questionable things behind private doors, but don't mind a couple extra eyes in the public area." The camera covered the hallway and the office's main entrance. Instead of continuing down the hallway, Aleister paused and then walked into the law office. It was late enough that most of the firm's lawyers and clients were gone for the day. Surprisingly, the door was not locked.
"Is there another way out of the offices?" Cassidy didn't know the exact layout of the entirety of One Center Plaza. Did this man from Las Vegas know it? Doubtful.
"Must be. Next time we see him is," Tim switched cameras and sped through some footage, "here."
"That's outside," said Burns.
"Yep."
The view was a wide angle of a shipping dock. The FedEx logo was prominent enough on boxes that Cassidy knew exactly where this was. A man in Batey's hat, presumably Aleister, put the hat on top of a box, hopped off the dock and ducked behind one of the FedEx vans, narrowly avoiding being seen as the truck's driver climbed aboard.
"And then he's gone," said Burns.
Tim nodded. "If he wouldn't have gone through the law office he probably would have been intercepted out front since we had all the other stairs and elevators covered by the time he shows up on that loading dock."
"We can't be sure that it's him though, right?" said Cassidy. "That camera is pretty fuzzy."
"Why wouldn't it be him?" asked Burns. "No reason for it to not be, is there?"
Agent Jane Cassidy shrugged. "I suppose not. Just a weird thought. Was there anyone working late at that law firm?"
"I checked," said Tim. "An aide was still there. He thought he heard someone come in, but figured it was housekeeping."
"So, no one actually noticed him leave," said Cassidy. Something about the situation nagged her. She couldn't put her finger on what.
"Whatever the case, he's gone," said Burns, "and we don't have much chance of finding where."
25 – Communications

Dana didn't know whether it was seven in the morning or seven at night when she woke. The sunlight that streamed through the gap in the heavy brocade curtains could have been eastern or western. She hadn't been in any shape to notice which way her room faced when they'd settled in last night.
Aleister had insisted they return to New York last night. Dana hadn't mentioned to the FBI the hotel where she'd been staying, but Aleister insisted that they leave the city anyway. "Too many people are on the lookout for us," he'd said.
They had picked up her bags, paid her bill at Le Meridien, and reserved a suite in New York.
"Plus," said Moore, "it will be safer if we stick together." Dana hadn't had the energy to put up a fight. Instead, she claimed the suite's king-sized bed. She'd quickly fallen into a hazy, but long, sleep.
Now that it was morning, she wished that she had changed out of her linen skirt and blouse. The wrinkles would take drastic measures to remove.
Dana could hear a television on in the suite's sitting room. The theme song sounded familiar, probably belonging to one of the national morning shows that Dana didn't watch, but was slightly familiar with. She wasn't ready to face Aleister or Moore just yet, but her stomach gurgled. The room phone on the side table was not accompanied by an information sheet or a room service menu.
The belongings of all three people had been left in the faux Victorian sitting room. David Moore sat amid laptops, phones and flash drives. Incongruously, there was also a roll of duct tape, a putty knife, and three different bottle openers. The forty-inch television was set on a mahogany stand.
"It looks like a bureaucracy threw up on a Fry's Electronics in here," she commented.
Moore hadn't heard her come in and gave her a welcome smile. He wore dark circles under his eyes and a shirt as wrinkled as hers.
"I had a lot of ground to cover. Some of what Aleister has collected goes back six months."
"Have you gotten any sleep?"
"Some. Not much. Besides isn't that supposed to be my line? How are you feeling?"
"Not bad. Hungry."
"That has to be a good sign, right?" He was too enthusiastic.
"I guess. I was going to order room service. Do you want anything?"
"Why don't I order while you clean up? What do you want?"
She crossed the room to an old-fashioned, roll-top writing desk. The phone and menu were nestled inside. Moore joined her, standing maybe a half-step too close in order to see the menu. "The egg sandwich on a bagel, I think," said Dana.
"Beverage?"
She considered coffee and orange juice, but neither sounded soothing. She was hungry, but she wasn't going to press her luck. "I think I'll stick with water. Have you seen Aleister this morning?"
"Not yet," said Moore.
Dana showered, put on fresh clothes, and upgraded to only feeling like she had been taken in by the FBI, instead of having been poisoned, hospitalized, and shot at as well. Twenty-four hours ago was more like days ago. The sight of herself in the mirror made her wonder if it hadn't been years ago. She was pale except for her bloodshot eyes and the hollow shadows around them. Her hair was like dark straw.
She felt a pang of anxiety when she thought about the poisoning. In the brightness of the hotel bathroom, she checked her eyes and tongue and prodded the lymph nodes under her jaw, though she wasn't sure what was abnormal. In later years, would she develop a disease, a syndrome, connected with the events of yesterday?
"I'll sue 'em," she told her reflection. Once you find out who, she silently added.
She was dressed by the time room service arrived.
Aleister had joined Moore in the sitting room. He sat at the writing desk with his cell phone to his ear. In comparison to Dana and Moore, he seemed well-rested and relatively unrumpled.
"I'll send you the location where the files are being stored. Smith will send the password directly to Mr. Schlotz."
Moore raised an eyebrow in Dana's direction. She shrugged and shook her head.
Moore had ordered a stack of pancakes and coffee. The cart included three cups to go with the carafe and two other covered domes. One had Dana's sandwich and, presumably, the other was food for Aleister. Surprisingly, the smell of the coffee was welcome.
Dana retrieved her phone and reviewed her messages. She had not checked in since very early yesterday and, not surprisingly, there were a half a dozen messages from her mother and Jess. In the last message, her mother relayed she'd taken the cat to the vet and the veterinarian, a friend of the family, asked after Dana. "I told him you were incommunicado, having a fling in New York City." Dana heard the worry behind the joke. She checked the time on her phone. Just after 8AM on the east coast meant it was still too early to call Las Vegas.
Moore seemed to read her frown. "I'm going to need to check in with my sergeant, but I'm sure as hell not going to do it at this hour."
"Did you talk to the Boston FBI?"
"No. I'm going to need a ride back to Boston to get my car. I'll do it then."
"There hasn't been anything on the news, has there?"
Aleister cleared a spot on one of the leather-upholstered chairs. "Local news covered Aggarwal and Bohr, but I don't think either event had legs nationally. Your name was not mentioned."
"And, of course, nothing along the lines of what you told Barrowman."
"Square one, then." She picked apart her breakfast sandwich and nibbled on the bagel. "What do you have planned for today?"
"There are a few things I need to check out," said Aleister.
"We'll come with," said Moore. "What do you need done?"
Again, Dana smiled at his enthusiasm. "No, you don't understand how this works," Dana said to the cop. "Mr. Luck works alone."
"Can you give us a lift to Boston then? We'll grab our cars and–"
"I don't have time to go back to Boston. Dana, your rental will be taken care of."
"What do you mean by that?"
Aleister pressed his lips together.
Dana knew the expression. Aleister Luck was about to say something he didn't want to admit to. When they were dating, he rarely lied to her. He might have been uncommunicative and secretive, but when asked a question, he'd tell the truth if he couldn't avoid answering.
"I had my people pick it up."
"You have people now?" Dana asked.
"I've always had people." That drew a snort from Moore.
"Which leaves me without a car," said Dana.
"Actually, it's probably best if you lie low," said Moore. "I'll stay with you. The FBI can wait or meet us here. Likewise, we can make calls and send emails from here and if the New York Times needs to follow up, we're right in their back yard."
Dana didn't like it, but she couldn't deny that she probably didn't have the energy to make it to noon without a nap.
"Then you should tell us what you're going to be up to, Aleister. So we don't work counter to each other." 
"I'm never sure what my plans are until I'm a part of them," said Aleister. "I would like to hear the rundown of what you learned in Cambridge. Moore told me some of it, but you're the expert." 
At the mention of Cambridge, Dana's bagel suddenly tasted like ash. "Dr. Bohr said that Benes' research was valid, probably beneficial, but not viable for a number of reasons."
"Not viable." Aleister considered the word. "If it wasn't viable, why the financial interest?"
"What?"
Aleister shrugged. "It's a line of investigation Smith and I have been following."
"I've been staring at some of the reports from your tech guy, Smith, and I still can't make heads or tails," said Moore. "And I'll definitely want to get Vegas Metro in on this."
"Benes was working on a diagnostic that would differentiate whether cancer treatments would be necessary or effective," Dana interjected. "Something like that could cost pharmaceuticals a fortune. I think we should go to the press with this, Aleister. It's gone way beyond Felix Benes going missing. And obviously, I know too much." She accidentally scattered crumbs on the satiny couch cushions while talking.
 "Everything happens for a reason," said Aleister. "I couldn't stop the shooter from shooting, but I stopped him from killing you. That he hit Barrowman instead? I don't know if that's what I intended to happen." Aleister kept his hands busy sorting the objects he'd laid out on the coffee and side tables.
"What you intended?" Moore asked. "I sure hope it wasn't what you intended. Barrowman is an innocent in all of this."
"Unlikely things happen," said Aleister. He rose and gathered his satchel. "I cause them to happen. And I don't think things went wrong last night."
"What do you mean? Things went right?" Dana wasn't sure she heard correctly. "Poisonings, near assassinations, and being detained by the FBI, these things don't qualify as things going wrong?"
"I don't know about the poisoning," he said.
"But the other things were a-okay?" Ire and stomach acid crept up Dana's throat. "Two scientists are dead. Another man is in critical condition. I... Who knows what this might do to me in the future."
"I know, Dana, which is why–"
"No, Aleister. You don't know. Your shirt isn't even wrinkled this morning. You didn't get your hands bloody plugging holes in Barrowman's body. What's the worst that's happened to you? A hangnail? You walk through all of this unscathed, barely out of breath and unaffected." Dana reached for her cup of coffee, but her hand was shaking so much that she didn't trust her ability not to spill it. "Even if my internal organs aren't ruined, do you think I'll be able to go back to work at DCM when this is over?"
"I'll help you find a new position. I have friends that..."
"You have people," she corrected. "I don't want your help when this is over. While you walk through fire without getting singed, the people around you burn. David, you should probably head home before you catch fire next."
 Aleister abruptly rose and slung his pack over one shoulder. "I'll be back in a few hours. Try to stay out of trouble. We'll try to get you to Boston today if you want, Detective Moore, but I can't guarantee anything else."
Dana didn't follow him to the door and couldn't decide on anything further to say.

* * * * *

Moore shifted uncomfortably behind the remains of his pancakes. He didn't need keen deductive reasoning to know that Dana Spelman and Aleister Luck hadn't parted on good terms in the past.
Dana was still very pale. She had obviously lost her appetite, but was choking down the rest of her egg sandwich. The fight had gone out of her. She sat there aimlessly looking through the contents of a flash drive without opening any files.
"Anything interesting?" He turned off the morning news program. The show had shifted from news to an inane segment about summer lipstick colors.
"It's a brief from DCM on the Felix Benes case. It's not the one written by me though."
"They had someone else working on it after you left?"
"This seems preliminary, before I got the case," Dana muttered.
"Aleister dug up some interesting stuff," said Moore. "I don't know what half of it means, and I probably don't want to know how he got it, but it's interesting. Do you know this Smith person in Las Vegas?"
"I've had about two conversations with him." Dana's phone rang and she picked it up off the table with a frown.
"Hello? Yes, this is she. Who is this?"
She glanced his way. Her phone hadn't shown a familiar number then. Moore was somewhat surprised that she'd answered it.
"Oh! Hello." She held her phone away from her face and covered the mouthpiece. "Amanda Evans with the New York Times," she whispered to Moore. "How is Mr. Barrowman doing? Have you heard anything?" She was cheerful now. Excited. Enthused. "Oh, that's good. I'm glad to hear that. I've been so worried about him."
Dana listened for a while, and David Moore wondered if he should give her some privacy. On the other hand, she could have gone back into her bedroom if she didn't intend Moore to overhear.
"Have you read my original email? We had a pretty long conversation. It was recorded, but then was destroyed, unfortunately."
There was a long silence as she listened, and several versions of a grimace passed over her face.
"Yes. Sorry, I'm still here," said Dana. "If you're willing, why don't we start from the top?"
Dana recited the litany of events once more. The story wasn't much different from what she'd told Barrowman the night before, except with a few less details. As she talked she opened her laptop to check her mail.
"Obviously, Felix Benes was on to something very important," said Dana.
Her eyes went wide at something that she read. Phone still to her ear, she waved Moore to her.
"Miss Evans, can I call you back?" she said. "No, nothing's wrong, but I'll call you later and we can set up a meeting. I might have more details for you."
Dana ended the call abruptly. David Moore could see why.
The black and navy web page showed the dozens of emails sent to her. The top one was still in bold font, unread.
The email was from Felix Benes.
26 – Another Use For A Gun

Aleister didn't like having the gun. When confronted with one, people acted more desperately than usual, increasing the chance of unforeseen ramifications with dire consequences. This gun had been illegally obtained by its previous owner. It wasn't that potential convenience store robbers were smart enough to avoid legal channels when purchasing their weapons. They simply had no other choice due to their clichéd criminal history.
Luck's penchant for repurposing such hardware added another layer to the extra-legal chain of custody and, doubtlessly, made life more difficult for local cops. In Las Vegas, Aleister could ameliorate the situation with a call and a blind drop. In New York, dropping the weapon in a dumpster would have to suffice, but not until he was done with it.
Aleister had never been caught with a gun by the authorities. Yesterday, he'd stashed the gun and the contraband electronics used at the hedge fund offices in a shabby Brooklyn hotel room where maid service was non-existent. Within the context of his intent at that time, it had been the right thing to do. His intent had been to go to Cambridge to disrupt the DCM conspiracy and keep Dana safe. He feared that intent had put Alan Barrowman in critical condition.
Luck's other objective, gathering information, had been served by the events at the Boston office of the FBI. In light of their possession of a picture of him from DCM, the FBI had been looking for him. He had been made a person of interest based on the security footage provided by DCM. Aleister doubted that it was common practice for the Federal Bureau of Investigation to act on the concerns of a private security company, at least without additional investigation. Further action concerning that would wait.
For now, it was time to finish the business that began at Bardem's less than forty-eight hours ago.
Aleister parked in a parking garage attached to the third building of interest. A space was open on the ground floor, near a door into the building.
In the main floor lobby, something shiny on a chair caught Luck's notice. The small pile of metal was a set of keys, like a janitor or security personnel might have. Aleister pocketed them and took the elevator to the twenty-second floor and the offices of BioProgressive Trust. It was an enticing target, but not his destination. Instead, he took the stairs down to the nineteenth floor elevator lobby.
	The nineteenth floor was currently unoccupied. Off the lobby was a closet that unlocked with the first key Aleister tried. Inside, he found a large janitorial cart, a jacket with Royal Cleaning Services stamped on it, and a variety of cleaning supplies.
Luck pulled the cart out and left the rest. He hit the up button for the elevator, then waited with the pistol in his pocket.
Alan Barrowman's shooter was surprised when the door opened and Aleister pointed the gun at him. The man had his left arm in a sling, his hand and wrist encased in an azure fiberglass cast. In his right hand was a Taser and he wore a jacket and cap that disguised him as security.
"I can't imagine that you want the ruckus a gun report will create," said Howell as he pointed the Taser at Luck.
Aleister threatened a step in Howell's direction and was satisfied when the man with the broken arm took a step backward in response.
"Do you think I will manage to shoot you before your Taser can take me out? Or will the electrodes deflect off my pistol for instance?" As he said the words, Luck flipped the gun toward Howell.
Howell fumbled for it, one-handed, and dropped the Taser. Aleister scooped up the Taser while Howell scrambled for the pistol.
Howell pointed the gun at Luck. "What do we do now?"
"You get into the cart."
Howell pulled the trigger on the gun from Bardem's. The click of the empty gun was barely audible as Luck tased Howell and Howell collapsed to the floor.
As Howell lie on the ground, Aleister gave him another jolt, then bound his hands behind him with zip ties that he found in Howell's pockets. Then he helped the semi-conscious Howell to his feet and stuffed him head first into the cart's garbage sack.
27 – Calling Station

Moore reread the email for the umpteenth time.

Ms. Spelman,
I fled to New York to speak with some of my colleagues who now reside on the east coast. I find that my troubles have accompanied me and for that I am deeply, deeply sorry. I'm sure that you have heard: Dr. Aggarwal at Columbia and Dr. Bohr at the Whitehead Institute are both dead. While you may have heard those news stories, you may not have realized that they were co-authors on one of the papers. 
What is the status of things in Las Vegas? I know that it isn't your job, but have you found anything out about my situation or who might be after me? I would have contacted you sooner, but I misplaced my phone when I departed Vegas.
Dana, I completely understand if you wish to sever ties with me. It would probably be for the best.
In all sincerity,
Felix

"It's obviously a trap." He had said that a few times as well.
"You can't know that," said Dana.
"In his original text to you, he said he was abducted. There's absolutely no mention of that here. Plus, this is obviously a trap." Could she really not see that? "Everything up until now has been designed to keep people silent."
"Exactly," said Dana. She had been buzzing around the suite since she had received the message and sent one of her own. Moore scrolled down and read her response.

Felix!
I'm in New York too. Fearing the worst, we tried to make contact with Aggarwal and Bohr, as well as Pitzner in Princeton. I suggest that we meet. At a public location would be best. How about at the Charging Bull on Wall Street at 9:15? Have you purchased a new phone? Send me the number.
I will be there if I don't hear from you.
Dana.

"That's why we need to meet with Felix." She shoed him away from the laptop and refreshed her email.
"Felix isn't going to be there, Dana. They are luring you in."
"I'm setting the place, a public place, so it should be safe. And wouldn't it be too obvious to be trap?"
The email had elements to spread doubt. Felix Benes repeatedly apologized for the trouble he'd caused. He asked questions about the lawsuit. Most importantly, he gave Dana an out. I completely understand if you wish to sever ties with me. A statement like that was so self-deprecating, so sympathetic, that there was no resisting it. Obviously.
He trailed her as she headed back to her bedroom and bathroom. She had ordered hair spray and makeup from the concierge. She'd pressed her blouse and slacks and generally dolled herself up. Moore was pretty sure she hadn't sat down for more than a minute since sending her email. Surprisingly, her face had gained color during the excitement, and it wasn't simply a matter of makeup. Felix Benes hadn't replied, yet. Still, Dana was determined to attend the meeting she had set up.
"Why don't you let me go in your place?" said Moore. "I know what Benes looks like. I'll go out there, take a look around, and if he's there, I'll bring him back."
"No," said Dana. "I'm not staying here. Come with me. Be my bodyguard if you must."
"This is such a bad idea," Moore muttered. 
"It's a public place," she repeated. "What can go wrong?"
"I believe the street outside Johnny B's is a public place too."
"It's daylight and busy. There won't be another sniper."
Moore had no choice but to get ready himself. He showered and dressed, and then called Ray Sanyo.
"It's a trap," said Sanyo after Moore recounted the previous day's events and then read him the email supposedly from Benes. "Were there any directions for a meeting?"
"Nope. That was left up to Dana."
"Have you let the locals know? Maybe they can stake out a location."
"Dana already replied. We're going to have to hustle to make the appointment."
"Brilliant. Enough time to get a new sniper in place?"
"Keep watching the news and you'll have your answer. If a shooting occurs near the Wall Street bull, you'll know there was enough time to get a shooter in place."
"Keep me updated, huh?"
"Will do."

* * * * *

"Dana! Goodness, it's early. I take it that you've been busy?"
"Hi, mom. Yes, it's been hectic." The sound of her mother's voice calmed Dana like nothing else would. "I got in so late last night that I figured I'd better put off calling you until this morning."
"I'm glad of that. I was in bed early because my walking group is meeting early this morning. I'm on my way out."
"So am I. It's going to be another full day."
"Any word on when you're heading back?"
"No, not yet. Probably not until tomorrow, but I can't be sure." Dana realized that her mother had no idea what had been happening to her in New York and Boston. If she had heard about it on the national news, she most likely didn't have reason to connect the events to her daughter. Dana would keep it that way as long as she could. "I better get going. Have a good walk. Your knees aren't bugging you?"
"Eh, a little, but I'll manage. Take care. Call me if you can tonight, even if it's late."
"Okay, I will. Love you."
Moore was waiting for her by the door. He'd stopped arguing about the email and her response after he'd called in to his partner. "Ready?" he asked.
"Are you armed?"
"No. As I said, I'm not police here. I left my gun in Las Vegas. Besides, it's just going to be Felix Benes at the bull, right?"
Dana checked her hair one last time before they left. She didn't want to admit that Moore was probably right. This could be a trap. A very dangerous trap.
The hallway of the hotel was bright. The white carpet sparkled and had to be difficult to maintain. The elevator lobby was spacious and mirrored. Two men stood before the elevator doors. They stopped talking when they saw Dana and Moore.
Dana nodded politely and, as expected, received no response. Moore stayed close and reached past her to press the down button. The arrow lit up. She realized that before Moore had pressed the button, neither the up nor the down button had been lit up. The two men had moved to flank them, one on each side. They were tall and wide and loomed larger than Moore.
Dana had taken four after-work self-defense classes with Jess and a couple other girlfriends. The techniques they learned were meant to be empowering, to give confidence in moments of peril. Standing in the elevator lobby with these men, even with Moore by her side, she felt nothing but powerless.
Moore was a coiled spring, watching the men in the mirrors. Unfortunately, his concern was for her. As the man next to Dana grabbed her arm, the second man stepped into Moore. He whirled, elbowing in much the same manner that Dana had been taught. He knocked the air out of the second brute, but the one that had Dana's arm in a vise pulled a Taser from his pocket and pressed it, one-handed, against Moore's side. The Las Vegas Metro detective tensed into a plank and fell to the floor. The second thug hit Moore in the head and produced zip-ties from his pocket.
"Ms. Spelman, be quiet," said the man with the Taser. "Don't give me a reason to hurt you, okay?"
The other now silently produced a gag that he secured around Moore's face. With an outstretched hand, he gestured for the Taser.
"No," Dana muttered. The first thug wrenched her arm behind her, making sure that it was twisted as much as possible. The other thug zapped Moore again and made sure that the young cop was unconscious.
"Now, we're going to have to take the stairs," said Dana's captor. "Remember, Ms. Spelman, we handled him. If you call out, we can handle you as well. Keep being good."
The other man mutely checked the hallway and nodded. While the one continued to imprint his hand on Dana's arm, the other hefted Moore in a fireman's carry. They hustled down a quarter of the hallway to the stairwell. They walked down a half floor and Moore was lowered to the landing with surprising gentleness. Then they emptied Moore's pockets.
"Give me your cell phone," said Dana's handler.
She hesitated and he had no qualms about twisting the muscles of her upper arm. Pain gave way to numbness. She retrieved her cell phone from her purse and handed it to him. He kept hold of her as they made their way down to the main floor. 
Instead of going through the lobby, the goons flanked her and subtly herded her through the labyrinthine dining and kitchen areas. Cooks and busboys went about their business without paying much attention to the two large men escorting a woman out. She supposed that the kitchen staff had been paid off, or maybe a story had been spun about her identity.
Her blouse was short-sleeved, but it was too early for bruises to be visible.
In the alley, they hustled her into an SUV with dark windows and pulled a sack over her head. She should have put up a fight, she realized. She should have tried to waste time, maybe give Moore a chance to wake and extricate himself from his bindings. Too late now. He would have no idea of how to follow her.
The traffic was terrible. After five minutes of breathing her own breath, Dana felt like she was going to pass out. It seemed like the SUV hadn't moved and was sitting idle.
"Can I take this off? Please? I'm going to be sick." The words sounded loud in her ears, but no reply led her to believe that maybe they hadn't heard her. "Please? I'm going to pass out."
"Then stop wasting your air." Something, the palm of a hand perhaps, struck her head. She flailed an arm outward to ward off a second blow and her limbs were roughly shoved down to her side.
"Sit quietly."
Dana might have lost consciousness. It wouldn't have mattered if she had. The entirety of her world was the thrum of the vehicle's engine and the interior of the bag.
When they finally stopped and hustled her from the SUV, she could faintly smell the tang of seawater through the weave of the cloth.
She winced at a series of loud metallic noises and then abruptly, she was shoved forward. Her shins caught on the lip of the shipping container and she tumbled forward.
Deafeningly, the door slammed shut behind her.
28 – External Affairs

Detective Ray Sanyo was sitting down with his second cup of coffee and a snack from the break room when his phone rang.
"Las Vegas Metro Police, this is Sanyo."
"Detective Raymond Sanyo?" The female voice on the other side of the line pronounced his name with deliberateness that wasn't really necessary.
"Yes. I'm Detective Ray Sanyo," he repeated.
"This is Agent Jane Cassidy with the Boston office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. How are you doing today?"
Sanyo blinked. His frosted sugar cookie halfway to his mouth. Boston? FBI? "Uh, it's a little warm here, but I'm doing fine. How can I help you?" For a good three seconds, he let himself be impressed at keeping the stutter out of his voice. He carefully put his cookie down.
"Is David Moore your partner?"
Only a half hour had passed since Moore had called from New York. Surely not much could have gone wrong since then. Well, he supposed it could have, but it was unlikely that news of it could have traveled to the FBI. This was probably fallout from last night.
"Yes, Moore's my partner. If you'd like, though, I can connect you with my sergeant. I'm sure he can answer any questions you might have."
Sanyo thought he heard the FBI agent chuckle. Chances were, she'd already talked to Sergeant Mitchell and had been stonewalled. "No, no. That's okay. I think you can help me."
"No offense, Agent Cassidy, but that makes me a little nervous." Regardless of it being the FBI on the phone, Sanyo was more concerned about Mitchell. Getting on the wrong side of his sergeant would be very bad for Sanyo's career.
"No need to be. If it makes you feel better, please, add your sergeant to the call."
"That's alright," said Ray, placated enough. "What would you like to know?"
"Do you have any information on your partner's whereabouts?"
"Why is it that you'd like to know? Is Moore in some sort of trouble?"
"Detective Moore is a person of interest. Our investigation primarily concerns an associate of his. Maybe you know her, Dana Spelman?"
"Yes, Detective Moore and I were investigating the disappearance of a client of hers."
"Felix Benes?"
"Yes."
"Were you aware that a private detective was hired by Spelman to investigate?"
"If you're referring to Aleister Luck, yes."
"Last night, we believe that Aleister Luck opened fire on Miss Spelman, your partner Moore, and a third gentleman."
"Yes, I've...heard the tale."
"Oh?"
"I spoke with my partner this morning."
"Is there a particular reason why he hasn't contacted me yet?"
Sanyo was at a loss. "He's been busy? Actually, I'm rather interested in why you think Luck is your shooter. Moore said that there was a second man on the rooftop."
"A source told us to keep an eye out for Luck. They sent us a description and a visual reference."
Something teased at the back of Sanyo's mind. "I'd be interested in seeing that visual, Agent. You show me yours and I'll show you mine."
"Pardon?"
"I know where Moore and Dana Spelman are and where they're heading. Will you email me that visual?"
He wasn't surprised when the 'visual' was from the flyer of Aleister Luck from Devine, Chance & Merit.
"Agent, the reason my partner took a leave of absence, leaving his poor beleaguered partner to wade through a robbery as well as the paperwork on Benes, is partially because of this bogus bulletin from DCM."
"Again, pardon?"
"We've worked with Aleister in a number of circumstances. You can run him and he'll come up cleaner than your mother's guest bathroom. He's been investigating Devine, Chance & Merit and they've taken special exception to it. Further, after Dana Spelman was nearly run down in Vegas, we paid a visit to her boss. He made like she had taken a vacation when she most certainly had not. If anyone is on the wrong side of this, I'd bet it's Devine, Chance & Merit."
"That's an interesting theory." She didn't quite believe him and Sanyo didn't blame her. "Can you provide proof?"
"I can provide depositions from myself and Moore. We'll see what else surfaces."
"Can you keep working this from Las Vegas?"
"Shouldn't be a problem," said Sanyo.
"Good. Now, you'll tell me where David Moore and Dana Spelman are?"
"I'll tell you what I know."
29 – Fold Equity

Removing Howell from the bag went more smoothly than Aleister expected. Tying him to a chair was another matter. Howell grunted as Aleister maneuvered the cast-covered arm behind Howell's back and duct-taped it to the man's good arm.
Luck sat the Taser and the pistol on a shelf in the bare office and flipped through Howell's personal effects.
"I would guess these are all fake?" Aleister gestured to a wallet and other personal items he'd taken but not bothered to look at.
"What's your plan?" Howell slumped awkwardly, trying to favor his broken arm.
"I'm not sure," said Aleister. "I visited this building today with the intent to cripple DCM's plot, which you seem to have a hand in. I was expecting to gather evidence from offices of a firm like BioProgressive Trust. Instead, I find myself here with the man that was going to assassinate Dana Spelman, a friend of mine."
"Are you going to kill me or turn me in?"
"Neither. Testifying is something I'm not fond of. I would have to do a lot of it if I turned you in. I'm even less fond of killing."
"What is the point of this then?"
"I'm not sure," Luck repeated. His response was accompanied by a barely audible chiming that emanated from the vicinity of Howell. As it continued, Aleister patted down Howell for the offending device.
Howell took the opportunity to make his move for the Taser. His lunge forward was well-executed considering that he had to disentangle the cast on his left arm from the chair he sat on. The moment that he made contact with Aleister was when the maneuver began to go wrong. At the same time that Howell lunged, Luck took a step forward, entangling his leg between Howell's. Both men went down, with Aleister on top, his knee pinning the upper span of Howell's already injured left arm.
Howell, red faced, grimaced in pain as Luck scooped up the cell phone that had escaped from Howell's pocket.
"It's strange that I missed this when I searched you, but it feels like things are going as planned, don't you think?"
The more audible chime continued as Aleister stepped off of Howell and consulted the phone's screen.
"It seems someone that goes by Cardamom is eager to speak with you. Were his parents hippie-types?"
"He's just the cautious type." Howell grimaced and gingerly repositioned his injured arm.
Luck popped the SIM chip and tossed the phone toward Howell.
"I hope Cardamom isn't expecting to hear from you soon. As for me, I have other business to attend to."
After more securely binding Howell to the chair, Aleister Luck took the Taser from the shelf and a set of keys from Howell's pocket, but left the pistol.
Neither he nor Howell knew the other's name.

* * * * *

Dana's ears were still ringing and her hands and knees still stung from her fall. Someone else in the darkness helped her upright.
A voice repeated a question several times before she could hear it.
"Are you hurt badly?" The owner of the question pulled the sack carefully from her head. "Miss?"
Dana blinked her eyes in the darkness. The air coming into the container through a high vent was fresh compared to the bag. Her eyes were used to the dimness and, in the slivers of light, she could make out the face of a youngish man.
"How badly are you hurt?" he asked again.
Dana touched her head where she'd been hit and fingered the marks on her arm. "I'm okay. I'm not badly injured."
"Bastards."
"Who are you? What is this?"
He shrugged. She guessed that his longish hair was brown and he was probably fair skinned enough to have freckles.
"My name's Dalton. I'm a freelancer."
Dana couldn't help but laugh. "A reporter?"
"I'm trying to be."
A reporter. Great. She had gotten one nearly killed already and had blown off the second Times reporter.
"What paper?"
"Not affiliated, yet. And you are?"
"Dana Spelman. Lawyer."
"Lawyer? Well, that's interesting."
"How long have you been here?"
He shook his head in the dark. "A day maybe? They tossed me some junk food last night. And well..."
He gestured to a covered bucket in the back corner next to a bottle of hand sanitizer.
"I have plenty of chips and snack cakes if you want one. And juice boxes. They're not bad, even when they're warm." His hand, warm and strong, squeezed hers.
"I'm not hungry," Dana said. "What were you investigating? Do you know who those guys are?"
Dalton came back with a bag of Doritos and sat down next to Dana.
"I was doing some fact checking. A pharmaceutical company has been influencing universities and the NIH to pull funding from research projects that are against their interests. What about you?"
"Something similar."
"Really? Okay, I'm not surprised by that." He held out the bag of chips and Dana gingerly plucked one from the bag. "How did you get involved?"
"My client is a researcher." Although she doubted that the email from Felix Benes was real, she wasn't ready to think of him as dead again. "He suspected that his funding had been cut for similar reasons."
"What was his research in?"
"Cancer diagnostics."
"And how would that affect pharmaceutical companies?"
"I didn't say that it did," said Dana. She crunched down on a second chip.
"No, you didn't. But do you suspect–?"
"We suspected that my client had come up with a diagnostic that would determine which treatments wouldn't be effective based upon mutations in the cancerous tissue. Therefore, doctors would avoid giving patients needless treatments."
"My mom passed away about nine months ago from pancreatic cancer," said Dalton. "The treatments made her last year of life awful."
"And since many treatments will be avoided altogether, the drug companies will lose sales." Dana wiped her fingers on her slacks. A little fake cheese on them wouldn't change much. Her shins and knees ached.
"Well," said Dalton, "It makes sense that Big Pharma is behind it then."
"I don't know," said Dana.
"You don't know?"
"There's other data we've gathered."
"We?"
"A private investigator that is working with me, and a cop."
"What kind of data?"
"We haven't had the chance to go through it all. Some kind of financial records. It might be that it's investors that are concerned."
"No," said Dalton. "Listen, I have some info that links this interference to J&J."
"Johnson and Johnson?"
"Yeah. I mean if it were only investors, I doubt that such a company would be that closely involved, right?"
"Big Pharma," Dana muttered.
"So, are these guys as serious as I think they are?" Dalton asked. "Is your client dead?"
"I don't know, but they're not playing around." She wasn't sure if she wanted to tell Dalton about Barrowman.
"We need to get out of here as soon as we can," said Dalton. His voice had become flatly resolved.
"I don't disagree." The thought of the goons didn't fill Dana with confidence.
She could see a glint in Dalton's eyes when he smiled. "I think I know how."
30 – Queen Me?

Amanda Evans' cell phone emitted a few bars of Lady Gaga's "Just Dance" before she silenced it.
From the cube behind her, Fred Beliski grumbled. "So glad we decided on a policy of keeping cell phones silenced in this office. Otherwise the cacophony of crappy music would be deafening."
Jones from a couple cubes away supplied the counter jibe, "We can't help it that you miss the noise of typewriters, Freddie. Go back to your gin and tonics, you grumpy old man."
The text read, "Spelman may be in trouble. Bring a camera. Wait. Stay low." A link to a map and coordinates were included.
"Holy shit," Manda muttered.
"Mind your fucking language," said Freddie.
"What's up?" Jones took position behind her as he often did.
"Got a strange text about Spelman."
"That lawyer with the pharmaceutical conspiracy story that Barrowman was looking into?"
"Yeah."
"You were planning on calling her this morning, right? Just because Alan is in the hospital doesn't mean you shouldn't take that story. You owe it to yourself. You–"
"Owe it to him," Manda finished the sentences in unison with Jones. She'd only heard him say it a half dozen times. "I did call her."
"And?" Mark Jones leaned against her desk. He was a more senior reporter than Manda, but closer in age to her than Fred Beliski or Alan Barrowman. He was always friendly to her, but was utterly unaware that he generally unnerved her.
"She seemed pretty lucid. Not a nut. We went over the facts she'd already emailed me. As we were delving more deeply into the details, then she abruptly excused herself."
"Did she sound panicked or something?"
"Surprised, maybe. She assured me that nothing was wrong and said she'd call back."
"But she hasn't?"
"Nope and now I've got this." She showed Jones the text and the map.
"An anonymous text? Well, I have a nice little cloud caching video app and you've got a lead. Let's go."
Traffic delayed them twenty minutes.
Manda worked on the story in the cab. Balancing her computer on her lap kept her from bouncing her knees and otherwise fidgeting.
Mark Jones checked and rechecked his phone, filming some footage out the cab window.
"So, how nervous are you?" Jones asked finally.
"Very."
"Good. I would seriously doubt your sanity if you weren't."
"I'm not sure this is a good idea," she admitted. "Do you think we should call the cops?"
"This is a story. Your byline, with Alan of course. We'll keep the cops on speed-dial. Whoever sent you the text wants you in on something big."
"Alan was shot last night."
Jones shook his head and said one word to her. "Byline."

* * * * *

Aleister exited into the parking garage five stories above where he had entered.
Sometimes, the direction that his magic took him surprised. Encountering the shooter from the roof was not what he had expected, though maybe he should have. It solidified in his mind that those in league with DCM were performing a careful choreography.
He walked halfway down a row of parked cars before he realized he wasn't on the correct level. He knew better than to fight his wanderings. The set of keys that he'd taken from the shooter included a fob with a button. Aleister held the keychain in front of him and pressed the button. A white Honda Accord beeped and blinked its lights.
The car was immaculate, free of the wrappers, empty cups, and other random objects that accumulated in Aleister's vehicles. One of the few additions to the interior was a GPS device mounted on the dashboard. A location had been entered and a mechanically friendly female voice began giving Aleister directions as soon as he cleared the garage.
Traffic was chaotic and bumper-to-bumper, but Aleister did his best to follow the directions. They led him to northeast Manhattan near some warehouses and a shipping pier. Regardless of what delays other drivers were experiencing, Aleister rarely paused as he drove.
"Course correction. Turn right," the GPS voice informed Aleister. Aleister glanced to the right but found no outlet. The purple arrow that traveled through the stylized map agreed with the voice and performed a right turn into a building.
"Course correction. Turn right."
Aleister peered at the screen. He was on the proper street, fairly near the green destination dot. Aleister tapped the screen.
"Course correction–" Another flick of his finger cut the direction short.
When Aleister looked forward again, his Honda Accord was speeding into a gray sedan.

* * * * *

The back of the van was warm despite the vehicle's air conditioning. The equipment, two integrated computers with an array of five flat screen monitors and a set of matched laptops, threw off a fair amount of heat.
Ed Stern, Cardamom's tech and communication's man, flipped on a small fan that had been installed at the top of the van's cabinets. The circulating air was no less hot, but at least the movement made his own sweat tolerable. Of course, Ed was the first man in place for this particular operation. His choice of staking out in front of a Dunkin' Donuts allowed for both free wireless, to be used in case cell access failed, and some relief from the tedium of several hours of very little happening.
Unfortunately, Cardamom had assigned two thugs to help Ed keep a lookout and provide any protection he might need. Or alternately, keep an eye on Ed and make sure he stayed on the proper path. They were parked just across the street at the moment, though they had spent the morning parked in front of him. In any case, they wouldn't let Ed pop into the donut shop and didn't have the suitable God-given taste to avoid maple donuts. Thus, Ed sat and observed and considered how much money he was making per minute at this currently dull job.
His two-way radio beeped cheerfully before a voice asked, "Is everyone in place?"
Ed checked each of the monitors in turn. Several showed different angles on a transport container that was smaller than a semi trailer. Others were focused on various locations in the warehouse and the streets around the perimeter. Ed could only see one of the men targeting his rifle on the main area of the warehouse. On the other two monitors, Ed's cameras watched the hallways near the shooters. If anyone approached the concealed men or if the authorities approached the area, Ed would see it.
At the moment, the operational environment was still lacking one set of players.
Ed pushed a button and replied. "Negative. Our journalist is still AWOL."
Beep. "Let me know as soon as you spot her."
On cue, a cab pulled into the bottom right hand corner of the camera watching the street nearest the warehouse.
Ed tapped the handset. "Got them. There are two. One looks like he was smart enough to bring a camera."
Beep. "Roger. We're going in ten."
Ed nodded, satisfied as the cab on his screen pulled away.
In another hour or two, this would be over. All Ed needed to do was keep an eye on things. The reporters would see what they needed to and do their jobs. Ed was a little nervous, keen to keep the others appraised if the cops showed up. After what had happened in Boston, the chances of something going wrong seemed elevated. Ed wasn't superstitious, but Howell's incident was more bad luck than an operation should cultivate.
The faint hope that Ed Stern had about the day going smoothly was shattered by the boom of a collision across the street from his van.
Ed's cameras faced a warehouse hundreds of yards away and a few streets approaching the area. The back doors of the van did not have windows. Ed quickly stowed sensitive equipment and moved to the front of the van. The keys were still hanging in the ignition. Ed leaned into the cab to catch a glimpse of the wreck in the side mirrors. The angle was bad and he couldn't see anything. As he moved into the driver's seat, a nondescript man wrenched the van door open and pressed a Taser to Ed Stern's chest.

* * * * *

The taxi could only take them within a quarter mile of the location on the map.
"I've got directions." Jones waved his phone.
"Thanks, I was distracted." 
On foot, they dodged past dock workers and cargo containers until they came to an abandoned property.
Manda raised her eyebrows.
"Yeah, in there," Jones confirmed. "Just a second." He changed apps on his phone and gave Manda a thumbs up. "We're rolling with the capacity of a remote hard drive."
The warehouse was in poor repair. The upper floors lacked windows and one of the ground level doors was boarded over. The paint on the ancient sign was mostly gone. They skirted the building until they came to a door propped half open at the bottom of metal stairs. Jones looked around carefully before motioning for Manda to go up.
A shabby and deserted hallway led to what had probably been a manager's office. Only a sturdy metal desk was left for furniture. The cement floor half a story below could be seen through the office window. The plate glass had been removed or broken long ago.
Manda crouched low and peered through the remains of the window to the slab below. Huge doors on the far side of the warehouse were opened toward the water. Jones pressed himself into the corner by the window and pointed his phone's camera downward. No one was in evidence. The warehouse was empty except for a shipping container placed in the middle of the room. Outside the doors, Manda saw the right tail light of an SUV.
From somewhere within the warehouse, something dropped, crashed, and caused her pulse to thud.
"What the fuck was that?" Jones whispered. With one eye on the screen of the phone, he slowly panned the camera.
"Don't know. I think I saw something over there." She pointed to the right. Hadn't she seen a shadow moving?
Jones tentatively peeked around the edge of the window, but if Manda had seen anything, it was gone now.
"What are we supposed to be looking for?" Manda whispered. "Dana Spelman?"
"Shh," said Jones. He ducked back into his corner while, amazingly, keeping his camera steady. He frowned. "Do you hear that?"
At first, Manda thought it was rats. Rats scurrying away from whatever had made the noise. But rats didn't keep rhythm. The metallic scraping she heard was persistent and regular and it emanated from the container below.
"There's somebody in that thing." Manda didn't know if she was questioning the fact or not.
The sound of the container door opening ricocheted from wall to wall.
31 – Boston, Meet New York

Agent Jane Cassidy had been in the FBI for over eight years, but this was her first opportunity to ride in a helicopter. Burns had seemed excited by the prospect as well. From the moment she suggested going to New York until the whirring blades of the warming chopper drowned him out, he had told her war stories from Iraq.
The bravado was false. He shut up as soon as they took off and started looking green not long after that. Cassidy decided she'd feel better if he would hold on to one of the sick bags. Honestly, her stomach wasn't doing so well either.
"I hope I become accustomed to this soon. An hour and half of this might be more than I can take," she muttered.
"We should have made the Bureau spring for a charter," Burns agreed. "I could stand kicking it in a first class seat and listening to a Bose stereo."
They had considered a charter briefly before Agent in Charge Tyler pulled strings to borrow a 'copter from the hostage retrieval unit. Quicker to get going, but nowhere near as luxurious.
"This might be the last chance we get to sit still for the next, oh, forty-eight hours," Burns mused. "Did you get hold of the NYC office?"
"I emailed them everything I had. But I'm sure we'll still have to bring them up to speed when we touch down."
"They will have a car for us, right?"
"That's the rumor," said Cassidy.
"We don't have time to mess around when we get there."
"I know. I impressed upon them that time was of the essence."
According to Ray Sanyo in Las Vegas, Dana Spelman and his partner, David Moore, had an appointment to meet Felix Benes at the Charging Bull in Bowling Green Park. According to Moore, Aleister had left before Moore and Sanyo spoke and hadn't told anyone where he was going.
Ray Sanyo had emailed his files regarding the Benes case as well as photos of Moore and Benes. He also forwarded information of Aleister's involvement with the Las Vegas Metro PD. Officially, Luck had only been involved in a few cases, but Sanyo sketched out a half dozen other instances when Luck had supplied information or evidence that was strangely fortuitous. Jane Cassidy wasn't yet convinced of Aleister Luck's innocence, no matter how adamant Sanyo was about it. Sanyo's reasoning was flimsy and hard evidence concerning Luck was still nonexistent.
Three employees of the New York City branch of the FBI met them on the helipad. One was part of the hostage retrieval unit and the other two were investigators. Introductions were made all around as Burns set a quick pace.
"Only one vehicle?" Burns asked when they arrived at a Ford Explorer in the parking garage.
"Yes, sir."
"Okay, you and you," he pointed to the hostage unit guy and one of the other agents, "you two are going to Bowling Green Park. Figure out how to get there because we're taking the GOV. You're looking for any of these people." He handed over copies of Dana Spelman's, David Moore's, and Felix Benes' pictures. Jimmy Burns' accent had become more south Boston than Cassidy was used to. Arrogance rarely sounded better than when it came from a Southie boy. "I'm going to be honest with you. It's unlikely that you're going to find anyone other than tourists rubbing the bull's balls. The rest of us are headed to the Marriott Marquis."
For a moment, Cassidy considered going to the Bull with the hostage unit guy. It was very, very unlikely that they would find anyone there. Of course, if meeting at the Bull was a trap set up by the kidnappers of Felix Benes, or set up by Aleister Luck, someone in the area might have seen something.
Was it likely that Dana Spelman and her out-of-town cop escort made it as far as Bowling Green Park? No.
She hopped into the back of the Explorer. Burns was up front with the driver. "To the hotel, Jeeves, and don't spare the horses," she muttered.
David Moore had given all his details to Ray Sanyo, and Cassidy was happy that the report had included his hotel room number. Agents Cassidy, Burns, and Lindquist of New York were able to bypass the desk clerk and head straight up to the room. 
Once off the elevator, Agent Cassidy tried to call Dana Spelman and David Moore one more time.
"No luck." She had already left voice mail at both numbers.
The room on the sixth floor was buttoned up tight. Burns knocked hard on the door and waited impatiently for three seconds before knocking again. Lindquist fidgeted. He was young and didn't seem entirely comfortable making noise in the dead quiet of the beige hotel hallway.
"Maid service hasn't been by," Cassidy noted. "There's a couple tags on the knobs. No breakfast trays though."
"Why don't you go up a couple floors and see how far the maids are?" Burns said to Lindquist.
The younger man shrugged and double-timed to the stairway, obviously wanting to burn off nervous energy. Burns rolled his eyes.
"I think we have enough for extenuating circumstances," said Cassidy. "With what Sanyo told us. Things are hinky enough for a search."
"Yeah, we'll call it in unless the maids are a floor away. We might be able to get a look when they go in."
Lindquist returned, rushed, bringing noise with him. "Didn't find the maids, but I think I found David Moore."
32 – Still Not Dead Yet

Dalton was working on the container's latch with a flat piece of metal that he said he'd found last night when Dana heard a muffled crash. Outside, the noise would have been loud.
"What was that? Sounds like something might have been dropped or something."
"I don't know. Listen, let's get out of here."
"That noise must mean that someone is out there," said Dana.
"Yeah. I don't want them coming for us. I nearly had the latch."
"They'll hear," she muttered. He ignored her and set to work again. Dana paced and looked for a weapon.
She grimaced, but picked up the waste bucket. There was nothing in it. Honestly, other than the bag of chips that Dalton had opened, there wasn't any other trash in the container aside from a snack cake wrapper.
With a clang, Dalton popped the latch and swung the door open. The creaking was loud enough to make Dana wince.
"Leave it. Let's go."
Dana put the bucket down and followed. She expected the goons to be waiting for them right outside the door. Or maybe, one of the goons would be waiting for them, sitting on a metal folding chair with a gun in hand.
No one was there.
Dalton headed straight toward the open warehouse door without a backward glance. Dana took in her surroundings as she moved. The brightness of outside told her that it couldn't be much past noon. She thought she saw movement in the window of a managerial office, but the sound of the shots did not issue from that direction.
In front of her, Dalton fell. He lurched to the side and Dana saw his confusion.
"Run," he said as more bullets hit him.

* * * * *

"What the fuck?" said Jones. "Those were gunshots."
"Keep filming," Manda said. "I've got 911."
She wasn't sure how she had managed to retrieve her phone or dial it because she hadn't taken her eyes off the scene below. The man and woman ran for the exit and bullet's came from nowhere. The man crumpled to the ground.
"Do you see the shooters?" Jones asked.
Amanda glanced into the skeleton of the warehouse. She couldn't see anything amid the various nooks and crannies. "No, I don't see anything. You? Do you see them?"
Jones kept his phone trained on the woman still running to the door.
"No. We need to get out of here," he said. He didn't move.
 Below, a white panel van tore into the warehouse. It headed straight for the woman, who was presumably Dana Spelman. She cried out. The van swerved around her, barely missing her.
Manda's view of Dana was obstructed by the van, but she saw the white expanse of the vehicle dimple from gunshots.
"—out of here now," Jones repeated. He'd grabbed her hand and was tugging her away.
"911, what is the nature of your emergency?"

* * * * *

The van roared into the warehouse. The vehicle clipped the edge of the loading bay door as it came in, shaving off the passenger side mirror. Dana screamed as the van bore down on her. It passed so close that had the mirror still been intact, it would have hit her. The vehicle spun in a semi-circle around her, blocking gunfire. The passenger door opened and, once again, Aleister Luck was in the driver seat.
"Hurry. We're not bulletproof." He winced as a series of shots left a trail that came distressingly close to the driver's seat. As usual, Aleister was unscathed.
Dana scrambled into the van and awkwardly pulled the door shut as she stayed down. The door latched and Aleister floored it.
"There's a Taser," said Aleister.
"What?" Dana heard the words but didn't understand.
As Aleister navigated the van out of the warehouse, he pointed at a device slightly bigger than a TV remote on the floor of the van. "Taser. Use it."
"What?" she repeated. The screeching of the van's tires nearly drowned out a moan from the back.
"Tase him," said Aleister.
A man was rising to his knees in the back of the van. Dana had not seen him before. He shuffled toward the van's cab, a trickle of blood streaked his face from where he had hit his head.
Dana collected the Taser. "But I've never–"
"Tase him, please."
Without really knowing how the apparatus worked, Dana reached between the seats, touched the man on the arm, and pressed a button on the top. With a zing, the man stopped moving, utterly, and collapsed, stiff, to the floor of the van.
Dana started to hoist herself into the passenger seat, but another volley of bullets hit the van and she cowered on the floor.
"It's alright, we're almost out of here," said Aleister. "It would be better if you were strapped in."
As if to illustrate his point, the van swerved violently to the left. Dana was thrown against the passenger seat and the tased man slid against the shelves and equipment in the back. He was unconscious and Dana felt vaguely sorry for him.
Her fear dissolved enough to be replaced by common sense. Dana hauled herself into her seat and buckled her seatbelt. She sat stiff, bracing with her feet and legs.
"Where are we going?" Dana asked. She wanted to check for followers, but it was the passenger side mirror had been sheared off earlier. Aleister kept his eyes forward, which didn't make Dana any more comfortable with the situation. "Are they following?"
"Don't know," said Aleister. "Don't care."

* * * * *

Jones pulled Amanda down the hallway, but paused at the doorway. He waved a finger in front of his lips and Manda got the message. He could hear more gunshots in the warehouse and footsteps outside, but none sounded close. He edged the door open and peered through the crack. He saw no one.
"Come on. Let's go."
They made a break for the next building, running full tilt. Manda had called 911, given basic information in a hushed voice, and stayed on the line. The squawk of the operator was the only noise Jones heard other than his breath and the pounding of their feet.
At the far corner of the building, a black SUV sped by, followed by a sedan. Jones kept Manda shielded, but the vehicles didn't stop or slow down.
"Come on, come on." His words were gasps and he regretted every cigarette he'd smoked in the last couple years.
Jones dodged around a corner so they moved perpendicular and away from where the SUV passed by. He spotted a narrow gap between a warehouse and a half dozen shipping containers. They raced for it and he didn't consider that there might be assassins on rooftops until they were in the shadow of the stacked containers.
"Do you think we should split up?" Manda asked. She was bent over and heaving her breaths.
"No. I think we're okay. Let's stay here a moment."
"They're coming back." Jones hadn't pegged her for a hysteric, but he heard it too. Engines coming back toward them.
"Far end." Jones pointed. "Then we'll head to the left, back toward where the cab dropped us off. If one of them comes after us, we'll split. Don't stop running until we're back to civilization."
Amanda nodded and they took off.
Jones hadn't gone more than a yard when he glanced over his shoulder and saw the white van pass by the entrance to the alley behind them. It had circled back, or maybe the driver that had rescued Dana Spelman was lost in the maze of buildings. "Keep going," said Jones. He held his phone out in front of him, the camera still recording, in hopes of catching the van's next move.
The SUV followed the van and both vehicles turned left and out of Jones' sight. He could still hear the engines and the squeal of tires. They were circling again and would catch Amanda on the other side.
"Amanda!" he yelled. She was at the mouth of the alley, then out in the clearing. He yelled again and she stopped and turned.
The van passed her, so close that its wake moved her hair. The SUV swerved. Jones watched it all as it seemed to play out in slow motion. The SUV fish-tailed, missed Manda, and then smashed conveniently into the corner of the warehouse that flanked Jones to his right.
Whatever paralysis had held Amanda still, broke. She ran.
33 – Byline

"They killed that man," said Manda.
Her legs were still shaky from running, and her lungs burnt from adrenaline.
"Yeah. They gunned him down," he said dispassionately. "And nearly ran you down."
"Don't you need to upload that or something?" Manda asked.
"Working on it. I've contacted the media group and am working on giving them access to my cloud data. It shouldn't be more than a few more minutes before it's up on the site."
Sirens wailed by outside. "Sounds like the police are on their way," said the manager. "You two sit tight. We'll flag one of them down."
The stevedores cleared out, leaving Manda to her laptop and the blinking cursor.
"Write down what you remember while you remember it," Jones advised.
"Yeah." Poised over the undersized keyboard, her hands shook.
Jones noticed. "We're safe now. They have better things to do than come after us. I doubt they saw us. Besides, these are the guys that put Alan Barrowman in the hospital."
"Yes," Manda said again.
She tried Dana's number and it went to voice mail. Manda didn't leave a message. The more she thought about it, the less likely it seemed that Dana would have her phone. At best, Dana could have left the phone in her hotel room. At worst, her captors could have it. Then again, would that be the worst thing? What sort of story could she write if she talked to them?
"They killed that man." She couldn't help repeating it.
"Yes. Fine," said Jones. "Start with that, but do your job."
Once she began, the words flowed and kept Manda's mind occupied. The time passed quickly until the police arrived at the office. At almost the same time, Manda's phone chirped.
"Amanda Evans? This is Dana Spelman. It's vital that we talk right now."
"Where are you? Was that you in the container with—" They killed that man.
"Yes. How did you know about that?"
"I was there. I received a text and we were given directions. We saw everything."
"Ma'am?" One of the police officers was viewing Jones' test stream of the footage while the other wanted Manda's attention.
"I'm sorry officer. I really need to take this call."
"Ma'am, we need to talk to you."
"And I'm sure that you will want to find the woman in that video. I have her on the phone." She shifted the mouthpiece. "Dana? I have the police here with me. Are you safe?"
"Yes. I'm en route to the Marriott Marquis. Meet me there. Please, bring the police. I don't know how safe it is and I also have a suspect that they might want to question."
"Okay. We'll be there. I'm going to the Marriott Marquis on Broadway," she told Jones. "I'll get the story to an editor, probably Clive. That video is live, yes?"
"Almost. It works internally, but isn't available for the public yet. I'll forward the link to Clive too, and head back to the office under the escort of these fine gentlemen. You okay?"
"Yes."
During her time in the isolation of the office trailer, the docks had turned into a circus.
Reporters and news crews vied for space amid police and emergency vehicles. The trailer wasn't yet a point of interest and Amanda was impressed with the protectiveness of the dock workers. Then again, their productivity had ground to a halt with all the bystanders in the way.
Soon enough, one of the other reporters spotted Amanda being escorted to a squad car. They descended quickly, but Manda kept quiet.
They met Dana, who was anxiously waiting in the lobby at the Marquis. Surprisingly, she was alone.
"You must be Amanda Evans. I was afraid to go up on my own without the police. We need to hurry." Despite stains on the knees of her slacks and a deep red bruise forming on her arm, Dana Spelman now strode past the concierge without giving the befuddled man a second look. Manda didn't want to think about what was on Dana's blouse.
Officer Grimaldi, one of the policeman that had accompanied Amanda, looked like he wrestled moose on his days off and had a voice to match. "Ms. Spelman?"
Dana barely acknowledged the man as she stabbed the up button impatiently.
"I'm Officer Grimaldi with the NYPD. You mentioned a suspect. Where is he, ma'am?"
She held out a set of keys. "He's in the back of a white utility van. I'm afraid he's been tased, probably several times, and got knocked around. He might need some medical attention."
Grimaldi handed the keys off to one of his colleagues. "Call it in. What about you, ma'am? Do we need to get you to a doctor?"
"No, I'm fine," said Dana. "Right now I need to find out what happened to my friend."
"What?"
The elevator doors opened and they piled in.
"It's too much to explain. I need to find him first."
The trip to the sixth floor was short. Dana dashed to the stairway, her bruised shin causing her to limp.
"David?" she called down the stairway. "David?"
No answer was forthcoming and she headed down a half floor.
"He's not here," she said. "Let's go."
She was much slower climbing the stairs.
"Ma'am?" Grimaldi offered her his arm and she took it with a nod.
Dana's hotel room was open and a young man in a suit stood in the doorway.
"Miss Spelman?" he asked. "I'm Special Agent Lindquist with the FBI."
Grimaldi shifted uneasily and traded a glance with Manda.
"Don't worry, Miss Spelman," said Lindquist. "We found David Moore not long ago. He wasn't badly injured and he's been taken to the local office."
"How did the FBI come to be here?" Dana asked.
"I'm not privy to all the details, ma'am. I do know that Agents Cassidy and Burns are very interested in talking to you."
 "Get in line," Grimaldi rumbled.
"I believe we have jurisdiction," Lindquist managed to say it without being entirely smug.
"You'll probably be interested to know that the NYPD has a suspect in custody that is related to this case," Manda provided.
If Grimaldi did wrestle moose, he probably subdued them with the expression he gave Manda.
"Listen," Dana said to the two men, "I'm tired. I need to clean up and I'm not giving anyone a statement until after I talk to Ms. Evans. Why don't you both go deal with the guy in the van? When I'm done, I'm going to the FBI office because I want to see David Moore. Then I'll give my statement. That's my plan. Ms. Evans, if you'd like to wait while I shower and change, you're welcome to."
Dana left them all standing in the entryway to the suite. Manda shooed Grimaldi and Lindquist out of the room.
Dana went into the bathroom to run a shower. Again, Manda found herself waiting. Nearly every surface in the hotel room was covered with files, documents, a couple laptops, and other loose media. For a moment, she considered gathering more information from the available sources. Instead, she settled for using the hotel's far superior internet connection. Manda dashed off an email to Clive with a draft of her story.
Local news was abuzz with stories from the docks. Jones' video was up on the New York Times' site with bare details attached. As she perused the stories from other outlets, she realized one disturbing fact. The police hadn't found the body of the man that was shot in the warehouse. They were currently dredging the waterfront.
No one had noticed the vehicles leaving the area.
When Dana returned she seemed tired and small. She had changed into a similar outfit of slacks and a blouse, but this one was clean.
"Are you ready?" Manda asked.
"Yes, I suppose so." Dana gathered a bottle of water from the suite refrigerator and collapsed on the white couch. "Are you?"
"I have so many questions. Hopefully, we can cover it all." Amanda Evans took a breath. "Who was the man in the container? The man that was..."
"He said his name was Dalton, that he was a freelance reporter. I don't think he had been held too long."
"Why do you say that?"
"Not much debris in the container." Dana raised her hand to stave off Amanda's next question. "How exactly did you come to be at there too, Ms. Evans?"
"My colleague and I were there because of a tip," Manda explained. "A text. I don't know who from. We had been advised to bring a camera."
"You have pictures?" Dana asked.
"Video. Would you like to see it?" Manda queued it on her laptop. It had been posted less than an hour ago and she found the "times viewed" number staggering. She was part and parcel to this story and her stomach roiled at the thought of the video being popular.
"No," said Dana. "I don't want to see it. I was there. And someone wanted you there. With a camera. Regardless, I want this story out. Now. They've been trying to kill me because I know too much. I think they were trying to kill me again today."
Manda frowned. If they had killed Dana, that's what Jones would have filmed. She didn't bring it up. Instead, Dana and Manda traded questions and comments about what Dalton had said and how it connected to Felix Benes. Amanda furiously added details that fleshed out her original story. Dana remembered things quite clearly and Amanda hoped to do it justice.
"Did you recognize anyone that took you captive?"
"No. They were prepared though. They easily subdued David."
"Do you think he'd talk to me?"
"I don't see why not."
"And what about the man that rescued you? What can you tell us about him?"
Dana shook her head slowly. "Not much, I'm afraid. After the container and Dalton being shot... It was too much excitement. Everything about the van is blurry."
"You can't give us a description of him?"
"He was plain. Not very describable."
"If you didn't know him, did he give you any explanation for why he was there? For why he arrived when he did?"
Dana half-shrugged. "The van is filled with surveillance equipment. Maybe he was in on it and then had a change of heart? I don't know. He didn't tell me anything. When we got to the hotel, he bailed."
Manda didn't entirely accept Dana's answer. She would do her own digging, maybe get a statement about the van and the man if she asked the FBI nicely. She'd probably pissed off Grimaldi too much. "There are other questions I'm going to need to ask you, but I think I need to do some writing now."
Dana smiled. "No problem."
In her mind, Amanda tested headlines. Though Clive would undoubtedly change it, she decided on "Big Pharma's Deadly Preventive Measures."
34 – As Luck Would Have It

Special Agent Jane Cassidy placed the laminated cardboard cup down on the desk in front of David Moore.
"Thanks. There wouldn't happen to be a shot of brandy in this, would there?" He had a cute smile, but was too sun-tanned for Cassidy's taste.
"If we were in Boston, I could probably hook you up. Here? Not so much. I have good news for you, though."
Moore sat up a little straighter. Less like a man that had been tased, tied up, and left in a stairwell.
"Lindquist called. Dana Spelman is at the hotel." She could have easily predicted exactly what happened. Moore bolted from his seat. She shooed him back down with both hands. "She's bent on talking to a reporter from the New York Times. Then she's going to come here and give her statement. There's no need to go rushing off."
David Moore acquiesced. "Yeah, that sounds like Dana."
"Have you known her long?" Cassidy asked. She sat down in an adjacent chair and tried to be casual. The New York branch had lent the Boston agents the cubicle of an agent that was currently out-of-town. A photo of a cute blonde and a happy Irish setter graced one corner while the rest was decked out in too much Yankees memorabilia.
"Not long," Moore admitted. "But I'm not surprised by her behavior. She's pretty intent on talking to the press."
"What about Aleister Luck? How long have you known him?"
Moore shrugged. "We've been in touch with him on a number of occasions. Dana told me that you suspect Aleister of shooting the reporter, but I sincerely doubt that this is the case. I gave chase to a suspicious party fleeing the scene. Luck might be kind of odd, but he's never been anything but on the up and up with the Las Vegas Metro. I wish I would have talked to you last night."
"Us too," said Cassidy.
Agent Burns peeked over the side of the cube. "Hey, Agent Cassidy, got a minute?"
"Sure."
To Moore, he said, "We're ordering some food. Do you like pastrami? I'll begrudgingly give New York one thing. They've got good pastrami."
"Uh, yeah," said Moore. "Sounds good."
Burns nodded and ushered Cassidy through a random door. Instead of a meeting room, they found themselves in a room with a bank of LCDs showing the hallways and interrogation rooms on the twenty-third floor.
"I've been thinking," said Burns.
"About something other than pastrami?"
"Absolutely. I've been thinking about Aleister Luck and that picture of him on the Person of Interest notice. It's the same one that Moore and Sanyo saw, right?"
"From the flyer they found at Devine, Chance, & Merit? That's my understanding of the situation." On one of the security monitors, Cassidy watched a couple of agents pass down a hallway near the elevators. On another, an agent was going over a handwritten statement in one of the interrogation rooms in the wake of a questioning.
"So, how'd he go from a guy on some law firm's video footage to a Person of Interest?"
 This was a rhetorical question, Cassidy knew.
"What if someone in the Bureau is doing a favor that they shouldn't have? The POI notice came from this office. The only one here that is in the position to do favors is Assistant Director Carns."
"You're putting Carns' reputation against Luck's?"
The muscles in Burns' jaw twitched. "If what I suspect is true, the only thing that we have on Luck is from the law office. DCM is up to something that the Las Vegas Metro and Luck are interfering with. They pulled some strings with a friend in the Bureau, hoping to get rid of Luck by setting him up on that roof with a sniper rifle."
Movement from one elevator's camera banks caught Cassidy's attention and she swore that it was Aleister Luck on the screen. She tried to find a camera that would be the next to follow his movement, but the contrast on several of the monitors was out of whack. One was too gray, one too dark, one washed out. Cassidy couldn't discern the details of the person. Eventually, the door to the interrogation room where an agent was going over paperwork, opened. Aleister Luck stepped into the room.
Burns was saying something, but Cassidy shushed him and pointed.
"I'll be damned," Burns muttered. "Who is that in there already?"
"I think that's AD Carns, isn't it? Why's he in an interrogation room doing paperwork?" She'd only seen New York's regional executive on two or three occasions and hadn't ever had a conversation with the man.
"I stand corrected. I'll be goddamned."
Cassidy ran her hand around the edge of the monitor. "Where's the volume on this thing?"
"Here," Burns pushed on button on the adjoining console.
Aleister Luck sat down opposite Carns, placing a laptop on the metal table.
"Who are you?" Carns asked. "How did you get in here?"
"I'm..." Aleister checked the badge hanging around his neck. "Agent McMorris."
"The hell you are. I had lunch with Cory McMorris last Thursday."
"Next time you have lunch with him, you should tell him to take better care of his badge. I found it in the lobby. Actually, I'm surprised that you don't recognize me."
"Why should I recognize you?"
"You're disseminating my picture all over the northeast. I'm not even on the 'seeking information' list, am I? At least not here in New York. You passed on the bulletin without even looking at it."
"What bulletin? What are you talking about?"
Luck pulled out a hard copy of his own BOLO from Batey's desk in Boston, as well as the flyer from the law firm with its poor quality picture. "Did they send it to you already formatted or did you have some flunky work it up?"
Carns shook his head, arms across his chest. "I'm not going to answer your questions. I'm not playing your game."
"That's fine," said Luck. "If you want, you can call for someone to detain me. The agents in Boston were fairly courteous given the circumstances. I'm sure the agents of New York will show me hospitality as well."
"My agents know you're here." Carns motioned to the camera. "They can see and hear us."
Burns snorted beside Cassidy. There probably wasn't a second observation room. The Boston agents were the only ones watching this exchange.
"I'm pretty much counting on this being seen," said Luck. Despite his statement, Luck didn't acknowledge the camera at all. Like he had in Boston, he kept his head down and turned away.
Luck stacked the two pieces of paper on the laptop. "In these, there is enough information to prove that you, Assistant Director Carns, distributed a falsified bulletin. You did a favor for someone outside the Bureau, which gave the agents in Boston reason to detain me. There is a lot of money involved in this scheme, and it stands to reason that some of it was sent your way. So, when the financial trail is traced, I suspect you will be charged as a co-conspirator to murder."
"So, you are the one they apprehended in Boston?"
"Falsely, yes."
"We have reason to–"
"You're being recorded. My accusation is too. These documents aren't going to magically disappear. They show some interesting transactions and activities that will create suspicion that you're linked to a string of murders. Whatever happens to me, you're going to be investigated. You can't avoid it. And I'll sit here until my lawyers arrive."
A knock on the door made Cassidy jump.
"Agents?" David Moore peeked around the edge of the door.
"What?" Burns snapped.
"A couple of lawyers have been buzzed in," said Moore, "and they are looking for the two of you. Aleister Luck is their client."
"How did Luck even know we were here?" Burns asked no one in particular.
Agent Cassidy could only shrug.
35 – Ed Talks

"What was the name of the guy in the container?"
Ed Stern's head pounded.
The Taser shocks had left every muscle, including those in his face, feeling as if Ed had clenched them for hours on end. That pain was separate from the bruises.
None of the law enforcement that he'd encountered today, neither NYPD nor FBI, had been particularly gentle with him.
"I don't know his name," said Ed.
"Didn't."
"What?"
"Didn't. I'm a grammar Nazi. You didn't know the guy's name. He's dead, so it's past tense. Didn't." The FBI agent was wide and muscled, more so than most, with a Jersey accent.
"Yeah, fine," said Ed. "I didn't know him."
"What about the woman? What's her name?"
"Haven't you asked me this?" This was, in fact, the fifth time he'd been asked the question.
"I suppose you don't know who tased you either. I guess most people don't."
Ed didn't know how many times he'd been tased today. He had lost track after the second time in the van. Everything was blurry after that. A tender bump on the side of his head indicated that he'd taken a hit too, but he didn't remember it.
He had regained consciousness in the back of the van. His hands had been bound with plastic ties, the same kind Ed might use to secure the cables and cord of his electronic equipment. Despite his aching muscles, he probably could have broke free of the ties. Unfortunately, it had been the NYPD that had roused him.
Since then, he'd been handed from the cops on the scene to detectives in charge and then to the FBI, a development that did not surprise Ed at all.
"What's her name?" the agent repeated.
"I told you. Diana Spelman, or something like that."
"Who were the shooters?"
"I don't know. Seriously, do you think we all went out for pancakes before we started and talked about what hamburgers are called in France?"
"You're mixing your clever movie references." The agent stood close enough that Stern could feel the man's body heat.
"Could you just back off?" Stern muttered.
"Back off?" He took an infinitesimal step closer, looming more. "I can't imagine why you would think I would do anything you asked. Who were the shooters?"
"I don't know."
"Bullshit. You were Mr. Command and Control with your NorBell truck full of monitors and radios. What did you call those guys when you set up their positions? What were the handles of the guys that killed that man?" The agent's voice had lost its outraged character. He had become cold and quiet. 
For a moment, Stern felt his gut twist in fear. He was six years old again and his father meant business.
The instructions from Cardamom were to stay quiet if anyone was caught. No evidence would be left behind; the police couldn't do anything to them. But those instructions were only relevant to the guys in the warehouse.
Stern had not been in the warehouse. He had been in a mobile unit. If all had gone as planned, he should have driven away, never connected to what had happened at the warehouse. Obviously, things had not gone as planned. Stern had been caught by the NYPD with a "borrowed" van. None of his equipment had recorded any video, but Ed didn't know how much of the cache was retrievable.
The FBI hadn't been part of the plan either.
Once they got him into an FBI interrogation room, their questioning had been intense. Stern had bruises that ran contrary to the theory that "no one can touch you if you keep quiet."
"I didn't put them in position. I just verified that they were there."
"Bull. Shit."
The agent rapped his knuckles on the desk and Ed jumped at the noise and was immediately ashamed.
Ed had believed that they were only going to scare the woman. That had been his failing. Howell was supposed to be the one in the container with Spelman, and that should have been enough to allow Ed to sniff out the lie. Howell was the guy you called on when you wanted to do more than scare someone.
The agent was close enough that Stern could smell stale coffee on his breath.
"They killed the guy, you know that, right? It wasn't a stray bullet. The shots, eight of them, were intentional. When the gig was up, they rolled him into the bay. Wasn't a long trip. But it seems like he was one of yours. He was, wasn't he? At least until it was decided that he wasn't wanted around anymore. So, how long do you think it will be between you walking out of here and a bullet from nowhere splattering your brains? You know, if we were to let you go."
The agent gave a little one-shouldered shrug and left.
Ed had chosen to believe that there would be little violence involved. The girl would be roughed up; shot at, not actually shot. The plan included Howell being in the container with her, but Howell had been a no-show. Instead, Dalton took his place. Ed couldn't help but wonder if the bullets that killed Dalton would have been meant for Howell instead.
Ed Stern was the tech guy. He'd worked with Cardamom before, but never so hands-on. He hadn't seen half of the personnel working the job. But he'd been naïve.
The door opened again and a second FBI agent came in. He was short and compact with a rumpled shirt. He set a can of 7-Up on the table.
Ed almost laughed at the cliché.
"Yeah, I know. I'm good cop. Hey," he called out, "how about some cool air in here?"
On command, the air started to blow in from the vent over the door. Stern didn't realize how stuffy the room had been. The can of soda was sweating a ring onto the table. He touched it; it was ice cold.
Ed popped the top. "The guy that hired me is named Cardamom."
The agent sat down across from him with his own can and pushed a legal pad across the table. "Cardamom? Like the spice?"
"A spice?"
"Yeah, it's like cinnamon or ginger. You sure his name was Cardamom?"
"That's what he told me."
"Do you know any other names? Tarragon, maybe? Sorry, a joke."
"No. I don't know any other names." Ed didn't feel it would be wise to involve Howell, whose name probably wasn't Howell anyway. The coolness of the 7-Up brought goose bumps.
"Anything else?"
"Cardamom is serious military."
"What do you mean serious?" The rumpled agent took a swig of his soda. His was diet.
"Highly trained. Special ops. Delta Force, maybe."
"How do you know?"
Ed knew. "I've spent some time in the Army. I know the mentality. He acted like Special Forces, and the operation didn't have a normal military feel. It was more like a carefully choreographed counter-terrorism op."
"He hired you?"
"Yeah." Ed warded off the next question. "He paid me in cash."
The agent nodded. "Write it all down. We'll make sure you get the protection you need if you're cooperative."
"I'm sure you will," Stern muttered. He picked up the cheap pen the FBI guy left him and started writing.
36 – Lucky Consultant

David Moore's phone hadn't been recovered. The goons who had tased him and kidnapped Dana had taken it. Thus far neither hair follicle nor synthetic fiber of them had been found. After the office had become busy with Aleister Luck, Moore had been given permission to use one of the landlines.
"So, are you alright?" He'd asked Dana the question three times already, and she hadn't run out of ways to dodge it yet.
"Yes. I'm just...exhausted. Agent Cassidy said they'd send someone over instead of me coming in." As much as he wanted to see her, Moore was glad that she was staying at the hotel. Some of her hesitation had to be fear. Being alternately poisoned, stalked and shot at for the past few days had to be enough to make someone agoraphobic.
"Are they treating you okay?" she asked.
"I can't complain. The coffee is average, but Cassidy's partner brought in sandwiches for lunch."
"Have you heard anything more about what happened at the warehouse?"
"Well, they're not telling me much. The FBI has some guy from a van that they're grilling. Not Cassidy and Burns, but a couple other agents. Mostly, everyone is in an uproar about Aleister Luck."
"Aleister is there? No, you don't have to answer that. I'm not actually surprised that he's there."
"He doesn't seem to be under arrest. At least, not yet." Over the top of the cubicle wall, Moore watched Aleister walk by to retrieve a cup of coffee from the break room. The New York agents were giving him a wide berth.
"No, he wouldn't be," Dana muttered.
"I'll let you get some rest and talk to you later," said Moore.
"Until later."
Agent Burns plopped down in the cubicle's second chair as Moore hung up.
"It's beginning to look like a buddy-cop flick in here," he said. "No offense."
"None taken."
"How's Spelman?"
"Not bad, considering. How are things falling out with Luck?"
Burns shrugged, slowly, as though the gesture caused him great effort.
"A couple lawyers came in, vouched for his identity, made a couple of calls. We're being told that there are no charges against him and that he's free to go. Not that we have anything but ticky-tacky shit to hold him on."
"Why is he here at all? He came in on his own, didn't he?"
Jimmy Burns was silent for a long moment. "I guess it will be on the news soon enough," he said finally. "Luck made a charge against Assistant Director Carns."
"That's your boss?"
"Not mine," said Burns. "At least not directly. He's the head honcho here in New York. Anyway, Carns is in custody, but we don't have anything on him yet, aside from what Luck brought in."
"Being?"
"Files from some biotech hedge funds and a laptop from the van that he used to 'rescue' Dana Spelman. Looks like it belonged to the guy we have in custody. But we don't know if it's been tampered with by Luck."
"What's on the laptop?"
Burns was relaxed and talkative. Moore knew that it was often helpful to talk out the points of a case.
"The documents we've found seem to suggest that someone high up in the Bureau is linked to the warehouse, the murder of Dalton, the attempt on Dana Spelman's life. The whole bit. We still need something more."
"Do you have access to his bank statements? Had he made some recent high-end purchases?"
"He doesn't seem concerned about us looking at his checking account, and if he had come into a large amount of cash, he wasn't stupid enough to blow it on something conspicuous."
Cassidy joined them. "I have warrants on their way for Carns' personal effects. "
"No offense," said Moore, "but do you all have time for this? If Carns is connected to what went down at that warehouse..."
"We don't have much choice in the matter," said Cassidy. "Carns isn't talking more than he has to. We can search his office, but he's under no obligation to help. That includes his personal laptop and any passwords. Unless you're a master hacker, Detective Moore, we're not getting any further until the techies or the warrants get here. And the locals aren't too keen on doing more than they absolutely have to."
"I might be able to get into his computer."
David Moore, Jimmy Burns, and Jane Cassidy hadn't noticed Aleister Luck looming over the cubicle wall.
"Do you generally make a habit of eavesdropping?" Burns asked.
"No more so than the Federal Bureau of Investigation," said Aleister.
Moore couldn't contain a chuckle.
"Are you offering to help?" Agent Cassidy asked.
"You're not serious," Burns muttered.
"Why not? We'll hire him as a civilian consultant."
"He has a conflict of interest. He brought in evidence and it's in his best interest if his accusations against Carns turn out to be true."
Moore was beginning to feel like he was at the dinner table while his parents were arguing.
"Then I should have the opportunity to defend myself. Of course, I haven't been charged with anything and I'm not currently being held here for any reason."
"Which makes me wonder," said Burns, "why are you still here? You were awfully quick to exit in Boston. The digs here aren't any nicer."
"There's been a distinct lack of handcuffs."
This time, Moore's laugh earned him a scowl from Agent Burns. "Whose side are you on?"
"You're forgetting," said Moore, "I've been the one vouching for Luck all afternoon."
"Fine," said Burns. "Let's hit Carns' office. First stop, his laptop."
"Actually, I wasn't serious," Jane Cassidy protested.
"Oh, too late for that now."
Moore followed in the wake of Aleister and the special agents.
The door to Assistant Director Carns' office was halfway open. Inside, one agent was at the desktop computer and the other was searching through the contents of drawers and cabinets.
Burns nodded in their direction and made a sweeping gesture toward the other chair in Carns' office. "Have a seat, Mr. Luck." He tapped the case of a widescreen laptop that was sitting at the edge of the desk. "Is this Assistant Director Carns' personal laptop?"
The guy at the desk, a slim man about Jane Cassidy's age with a blond brush-cut, raised his shoulder an inch in a miniscule shrug. "I believe so."
"Personal or professional?"
"I don't know."
Burns flipped open the computer and handed it over to Luck. "Doesn't matter. Have at it."
The blond traded glances with his partner. The other man left the office.
Cassidy leaned against the doorframe behind Aleister's chair and Moore hovered, ready for one of the FBI to escort him back to the loaned cube. He had to admit, he was interested to see Luck at work.
Aleister Luck tapped a key or two and clicked the mouse. Thus far, Luck wasn't impressive.
"This isn't going to happen with you all watching me," said Luck.
"Oh, really? How are we going to know if you're tampering or not?"
"I'll be honest with you, Mr. Luck," said Jane Cassidy, "I wouldn't know if you were tampering or not. If you have some technical secret or illegal tool, I wouldn't know that either."
"And I'm worse with computers than she is," said Burns.
"Sorry, I can't. It won't work with you watching me." He sat back in the chair and placed his arms on the armrests.
"Fine." Cassidy went around to Aleister's other side and leaned on the desk. Burns folded his arms across his chest. The remaining local still sat at the desk, but was watching Aleister instead of reading.
Aleister hadn't moved. "You don't understand. I won't get anything done with you watching. I need you all to leave."
"Yeah, right," said the New Yorker.
Aleister reached past Cassidy and played with the magnetic time-waster paperweight that Carns kept on the corner of the desk.
"Let's go," said Burns.
"Really?" The New York agent hadn't taken his hands off the keyboard and mouse.
David Moore was already out of the office.
"Yep," said Agent Burns with faux enthusiasm. "The master hacker needs his privacy."
Moore didn't catch what the New Yorker said, but it was some slight against the Boston field office.
Cassidy closed the door behind them.
"How long do you think we have?" she asked.
"Everyone else is working the Spelman case. I figure a couple hours."
"There's no way he's going to get very far in a couple of hours," said Moore.
"And if he messes it up, we're all kinds of screwed," said Cassidy.
"Quite possibly," said Burns, "but I think we're safe. Don't you, Detective Moore? Besides, you're right. A couple of hours isn't even long enough to make a dent in the security Carns probably has on that thing.
Aleister Luck came out of the office. "Done."
"What?" Jane Cassidy blinked.
"Well, mostly done." Aleister guided them back to the laptop.
"You got into his password protected laptop?" Burns, too, was agog.
"Yes. Then I went through his history to find the URL of an offshore bank."
He opened a second instance of the browser and demonstrated how the auto-fill brought up the bank URL from the history.
Moore wanted to ask where exactly in the history the bank URL was, but Aleister had already moved on.
"Then, I put in the account number and here's what we've got." He clicked back to the first instance of Explorer. It showed an account history. "It's unnamed and probably offshore."
Cassidy put a hand in front of the screen. "Wait, what do you mean you put in the account number?"
Luck hemmed and hawed. "I have a knack. I'm good at passwords and account numbers."
"That's a sixteen digit number. There's no way that you could have gone through a fraction of the possibilities in the three minutes you were in here. I don't know if there's technology that can do it that fast."
"Lets just say I have access to means that you don't."
Safely behind the agents, Moore smirked.
"How do we know this is Carns' account?" Cassidy asked. "That's the whole point of an offshore account being numbered, right? So there's no way to track who isn't paying taxes?"
"Correct enough," said Aleister. "This gave me the IP address though. Over here, I have access to the bank in a secure shell client." He maximized another application from the task bar.
"Okay. What are we looking for?" Cassidy wasn't quite making the connection she needed to.
Next to her, Burns was nodding, a slow grin had spread over his face. "If you had been promised payment for a service you had rendered and that payment had been made by electronic transfer, what would you eventually do?"
"Check to see if the money is there."
"Exactly."
"I thought you were the one that wasn't as good with computers," said Moore.
"I lied," said Burns.
"Through this, I have the IP addresses of everyone who has interacted with the account," said Aleister. He hovered the pointer over the list of black and white numbers and started to scroll. The list wasn't too long.
"So, we compare Carns' IP addresses at home and work with who has logged into the account," Burns added.
"What if he used something like a proxy?" Cassidy asked.
"You didn't put together the thing about the IP addresses, but you know about proxies?"
Cassidy scowled at her partner. "I remember reading about the MPAA's worries about copyright infringement and the use of proxies by pirates to get around law enforcement."
"The difference is the pirates are worried about getting caught. Considering the anonymous account, Carns probably didn't bother," said Burns.
"It could be a confounding factor," said Aleister.
"But I'm guessing it's a factor you can work around?"
"If I intend to find certain information, I probably can."
"You can backtrack the IPs, can't you? Follow the money trail back to who sent Carns the bulletin on you?" Cassidy asked.
"I'd be working on that if I weren't explaining my process to you."
"We'll let you get back to work then."
"You can stay in the room if you want, but I can't be effective if you're on this side of the screen."
"Would you mind if we get one of the local techies to check your work?" Burns asked.
"Not so long as they give me my space. Also, I have some connections that might be able to help trace the offshore transactions."
"Who?" Moore asked. That Luck had powerful legal allies had come as a surprise to Moore. He always thought of Aleister Luck as being a couple rungs up from a vagrant. Whenever he or Sanyo had run a check on Aleister, they always came up with very little information aside from dodgy addresses.
"The best kind of offshore bankers, the Swiss kind. Templeton & Schlotz, based in Zurich."
Definitely far beyond homeless. "Will they be willing to help?" Moore asked.
"They'll be willing to help me."
"Let's have our guys take a look at what you have and, if we need the Swiss, we'll call them in," said Cassidy.
"Do you need anything?" Moore asked Luck as they left.
"No, thanks," said Aleister. "I still have coffee left."

* * * * *

"What's this?" Agent Burns asked as Lindquist cleared a corner of the cubicle's desk for the large white bag.
"The best Thai food in the borough. Those sandwiches are quite a while in the past."
Burns marveled as Lindquist unpacked. The bag held an unending succession of paper boxes. "This is enough for an entire Mandarin army."
"Well, I've had a hard day too. And Mandarin is Chinese, not Thai."
"Have you been sent by the brass to check up on us?" Jane Cassidy asked.
"Maybe. Though I doubt you know much more than the techies that are being given the whirlwind tour of Carns' finances by your Mr. Luck."
"Our Mr. Luck?" Burns had discovered the pad Thai and was digging in. "Kinda makes it sound like he's a stray dog."
The young man quirked a smile and snagged the container of spring rolls. "More like a dog that ran away from home."
Burns pointed a warning chopstick in Lindquist's direction. "Watch it, junior. Besides, if he's anyone's, he belongs to Vegas. Speaking of, did Moore have a pleasant reunion with Ms. Spelman?"
"More or less," said Lindquist. He had stayed at the hotel until David Moore and a more senior agent arrived to take her official statement. Moore had seemed happier to see her than she was to see...anyone. Lindquist knew her portion of the story pretty well by now. Quite obviously, it was only one facet of something much larger. Aleister Luck was certainly the most mysterious bit.
Lindquist had heard a couple versions of Luck's escape from the Boston office. One involved a fist fight, another claimed that Luck had disappeared from a locked room where he'd been cuffed to the table. And the table disappeared too. "I don't want to know what happened in Boston with Luck, because reality can't be as good as some of the stories I've heard."
"I'm not so sure what's reality and what's fiction anymore," said Burns. "The guy is close personal friends with a Swiss banker. Sounds like being a private detective is more lucrative than I thought."
"And why isn't this suspicious?" asked Lindquist.
"According to the IRS, he pays his taxes, a lot of taxes," said Cassidy.
"What's the point of the Swiss bank account then?"
Burns shrugged. "Old money. Maybe the account was opened by a relative that didn't believe in the security of US banks."
"Truly, Burns, you have a theory on everything," said Cassidy. "Is there anything with nuts? I like nuts in my Asian food."
Lindquist passed her a carton of Rama chicken. "Knock yourself out."
"Any word from your techies?" Burns asked.
"Nope, but..." Lindquist thought he heard Carns' office door creak, "I think one is coming along right now."
The agent nodded to the cube's occupants. "We've backtracked the money to O'Sullivan Security."
"Already?" Lindquist figured they'd be at it all evening.
The food cartons were abandoned as they all headed for Carns' office. 
Two technical staff and their laptops had joined Luck. The whole production covered Carns' desk. One of them chuckled intermittently. "I wish I knew just one of the tricks you're using," he commented and vacated his spot.
"There's Thai if you want it," said Lindquist. "Just leave the peanut butter chicken for the lady. Do we have an address for O'Sullivan's?"
37 – Market Manipulation

Smith appeared at the front counter while Terri was chatting with Bob, one of Every Games' regular customers.
"Hi, Smith. How've you been?" Bob asked.
"Hey, been busy. Really busy." Smith had bags under his eyes, and one of his laptops in hand.
"How about we get together for a game of Munchkin on Tuesday night, Bob?" Terri suggested. Smith was agitated. He wanted to talk to her, obviously about Aleister Luck and Dana Spelman, but not in front of Bob.
"Yeah, sure," said Bob, "That would be great. See you Tuesday." Bob gathered up his purchases and gave Terri and Smith a wave.
"Have you heard from Aleister yet?" she asked.
"Nope. He's still not answering."
"And you're not worried?"
"About Chicky-D? No way. And it sounds like Dana's okay as well."
"What's happened then?"
Smith hopped onto one of the stools behind the counter and opened the laptop. 
The web browser was currently parked on Yahoo!'s finance page. Spiky lines were heading south though the slopes didn't look particularly steep to Terri. The names indicated drug companies.
"So, you were right about the drug company conspiracy? They were trying to keep the story from breaking to keep their stocks from going down?"
"No. Well, maybe. It doesn't completely make sense."
"Start from the beginning, Smith."
"I'll do one better. I'll start from the end." Smith clicked over to another browser window. "The news coverage really only mentions one company over and over: Johnson and Johnson."
Terri retrieved a can of Coke from the glass-fronted fridge. "Okay..."
"But that's ridiculous. Johnson and Johnson is diversified. They wouldn't engage in this crap. They wouldn't risk their other businesses or their reputation. They showed this with the Tylenol poisoning case."
Smith was loud, excited. The only customer in the store was using one of the computers and had headphones on. Still, he frowned over the top of his cubicle. Terri smiled in what she hoped was a reassuring manner.
"So, the reporting is shoddy and they got it wrong?" she ventured.
"No. I considered that at first. But supposedly, the guy that was killed in the container, he specifically mentioned JNJ to Dana."
"Maybe he got it wrong? Maybe he was just picking the first drug company to come to mind."
"And I might have thought that too if I hadn't seen the files that Chicky-D sent me. They are all records of put options purchased by hedge funds."
Terri shook her head. "Meaning? The prices will go back up, right? If they invest now..."
"No, no, no." Smith launched from his seat, nearly toppling a display of Magic: The Gathering cards. "They're put options. They go up in value as the price of the underlying stock goes down. The price of the options should be going up since the stock price has been headed lower, but that hasn't happened yet. There seems to be resistance against the price going above where we bought it."
Terri ignored the portion she didn't quite understand. "We bought it? We, meaning us?"
"I figured I'd buy a few put options myself. Nothing big. I mean, this is obviously in opposition to what Aleister is working on. Would you want to bet against Chicky-D?"
Terri tried again to wrap her head around what Smith was excited about. "Anyway, how again were these hedge funds going to be making money?"
"Well, ideally, they would be making money on their put options as the price of the stock goes down. I was wondering why these companies, BT Capital and BioProgressive Trust, had bought so many put options. They didn't need this many to cover their not very large long position in JNJ. Now, I guess I know."
"But, Smith, doesn't that mean that they wanted the story to become public? I thought you said that they were trying to stop Dana from telling the media."
Smith shrugged. "Maybe they wanted it to be an extra boost to the narrative. Kill off the lawyer who was trying to break the story to add sensationalism."
That was a horrid thought and Terri frown was deep enough that Smith noticed.
"I suppose I could be letting my propensity to believe in conspiracy theories get the better of me." He regarded the Yahoo finance page with awe. "But I'm not sure how else to explain what's going on. There are some people not making the money they expected to today."
38 – The House of Cardman Falls Down

Aleister Luck sat quietly while the FBI mobilized.
He had been as helpful as possible without paying too much attention to the information he gave to the FBI about Assistant Director Carns. He'd answered any question to the best of his ability and left behind a record of how to gain access to Carns' laptop and accounts. The technical staff wouldn't believe how he actually had retrieved the information, so he didn't explain. Instead, they came up with theories on how he got in all on their own.
In the end, Carns had been moved to more secure accommodations and the FBI was obviously following a lead. When everyone seemed busy enough, Aleister collected his belongings. The agents from Boston, Burns and Cassidy, were on the periphery as the New York agents assembled their team. Understandably, the locals were protective of their turf.
Aleister lingered until he caught Special Agent Cassidy's eye. She stepped away from her partner. Burns was distracted by listening to the New Yorkers' plan.
"I don't think I'm needed here anymore," said Aleister.
"You left the tech guys in pretty good shape," said Cassidy. "Do we have your contact information?"
Aleister ignored the question. "They're heading to some offices?"
"O'Sullivan Security. One team is headed to the offices and another will be dispatched to an associated storage property."
"I heard that there was someone in custody. Does he know anything?" Aleister hadn't bothered trying to get information from intra-office communications while on Carns' computer.
"This operation was well put together. Supposedly, operatives were compartmentalized and no individual knew too much. We have a code name for the guy in charge."
"Anything else about the warehouse? I haven't talked to Dana yet."
Cassidy cocked her head to the side, as though Aleister asking about Dana was a strange occurrence. "NYPD found the body of the journalist who had been in the container with Spelman. The bad guys hadn't done much more than dump him in the drink. But, Spelman got her story out to the press and made her statement." She paused. "We have a witness that puts a fairly average-looking blond man in the van that rescued Dana. She claims she didn't know him."
"By witness, you mean the guy that was tased repeatedly?"
"How do you know he was tased repeatedly? I thought you hadn't talked to Dana Spelman yet."
Aleister shrugged and Jane Cassidy knew when to let the matter drop.
"Are you heading over to see her now?" she asked instead.
"No."
"What are you doing, Mr. Luck? For curiosity's sake. I don't need to know professionally."
"I'm continuing my investigation." He answered honestly.
"Okay, now I have to ask professionally. Do you have information that you're not sharing with us?"
Luck couldn't stop the expression that flitted across his face.
"The last time I saw that look was when my sixteen-year-old nephew was trying to explain why he had a Ziploc of weed." Jane Cassidy wasn't the most imposing person Aleister had ever met, but she moved to block his exit. A symbolic movement, showing Aleister that he would have to answer or risk a scrum with a room full of FBI. "Listen, I can't quite tell when you're being straight with me, and generally, I've been very tolerant. How about sharing a little?"
"I would, but I don't know where I'm going, Agent Cassidy. I came here with the intention of clearing up the matter of the bulletin on me. That led to accessing Carns' accounts and maybe bringing us closer to who might be behind all of this."
"Exactly. And we will find the guy. Or at least the New York Bureau will. What's the wince for? Weigh in if you have an opinion. Agent Burns and I will see that you're heard."
"Agent Cassidy, we're running out of time. If this guy knows you're looking for him, he's going to start covering his tracks. I can find who is behind this and I can do it quickly."
"How?"
"I have my ways."
"Give me the information."
"Honestly, I can't. I don't have it."
She stared at him, trying to read him in the way that women and police officers did. "Fine. We're coming with you."
"That's not a good idea."
She caught Burns' attention and waved him over. "Tough."

* * * * *

"Where are we going?" Burns asked.
They took Luck's car, a rental retrieved from a downtown parking garage.
"He doesn't know," Cassidy supplied.
Burns and Cassidy were in the backseat while Aleister drove. "I thought you said that time was an issue. How is this not a waste of time?"
"Has Luck been a waste of time thus far?" Cassidy asked. "He pointed out evidence of a second shooter in Cambridge. He confronted Carns when it would have taken a week of us pussy-footing to get to the same place. And he magically comes up with offshore account numbers that connect Carns with the scum that is responsible for multiple murders, not to mention the attempts on Spelman."
"And yet, we still trust him," Burns muttered.
"And yet, he hasn't been wrong," said Cassidy.
"This precludes him from telling us where we're going?"
"I don't know where we're going," said Aleister, too loudly for someone only a few feet away. "Feel free to check in as often as you want if it makes you feel better. I'm not attempting to kidnap either of you. And try not to pay too much attention to what I'm doing."
"What?" Jane Cassidy could see the vein in her partner's temple rise. She passed him a flash drive with copies of the Justice Department files on the warehouse.
In defiance, Burns ignored the data and took his phone from his pocket. "I do believe there are baseball scores that need checking."
"You don't follow baseball," Cassidy muttered.
"I don't follow crackpots either," Burns replied.
Jane Cassidy browsed the files on her laptop.
There was no report yet on the identity of the guy that had been shot and dumped. Dana Spelman had said his name was Dalton and he was a freelance reporter. No missing person report had been filed, no identification had been found on the body, and there was no one searchable online that wrote articles by that name. So far, nothing corroborated Spelman's story.
Ed Stern, the suspect apprehended from the van, was ex-military. He was being cooperative, but claimed that he didn't know much more than locations and aliases. He did relate details, what he knew of them, of the operation to abduct Felix Benes in Las Vegas. The man supposedly in charge of the entire scheme went by the code name Cardamom. Stern had only spoken to him on the phone.
The techies in Boston had taken a look at the flash drive Luck had left behind and found a gigabyte worth of spreadsheets and documents concerning certain pharmaceutical hedge funds, including investors. Each individual file was small and, unless more help was provided, it would take at least a week to process the lot of them. One of the computer guys also noted that the flash drive that Luck had decided against taking was filled with Richard Batey's vacation pictures.
Cassidy tried very hard to not notice what direction they were going in, but it was hard not to see the George Washington Bridge. Most likely the next stop was somewhere in New Jersey.
"You know what I'll never understand?" said Burns. He was still scrolling through information on his phone's tiny screen.
"How your sister manages to send you texts despite her lack of brain cells?"
"Wow," said Burns, "you are in a snit. Picking on my delinquent sister like that. No, what I don't understand is how overreactive the Wall Street guys are."
"What do you mean?" She was half interested and it was probably better for the moment to have Jimmy Burns distracted.
"The whole Spelman thing is driving the price down on pharmaceutical companies."
"How is Spelman affecting Wall Street?"
"Spelman claims that whoever has been trying to bump her off is also behind the deaths of three biologists, right? And it's all because someone, presumably someone in the pharmaceutical industry, is concerned because the guy she was repping had figured out some magical cancer cure."
"It was cancer diagnostic, not a cure," said Aleister from the front seat.
"Like some sort of test for cancer?" Cassidy asked.
"Not exactly. It's a test to see if they should treat a specific instance of cancer with a given drug or radiation therapy, or more importantly, not at all."
Burns grunted. "Anyway, the market's down. Drug stocks, and of course the rest of the market too. It never takes much. A lot of people lost money today."
"Not everyone," said Aleister. "If someone had played the market short, for instance by owning put options, they could make quite a bit of money."
"How much do you know about this sort of thing?" Burns asked Aleister.
"Not much. I have a friend that was going on about it the other day."
Before Burns could question him any further, Jane Cassidy's phone rang.
"Agent Cassidy," she answered.
"Hey, this is Lindquist. I figured I'd give you an update on the O'Sullivan Security end of things."
"Find anything?"
"Some stored equipment; no documents and no personnel."
"All right. Thanks, Lindquist." Jane Cassidy hung up as Aleister slowed the car down and parked.
Cassidy snapped her computer shut and peered out the car window. The street was idyllic. Along the parking strip, the blacktop heaved atop the roots of old trees. The street was five degrees cooler than she expected under the covering canopy of branches.
By far, this was not the swankiest neighborhood in New Jersey, but is wasn't a cheap place to live either.
"Here? You're sure?" she asked.
Aleister nodded and shrugged at the same time. "That house."
He pointed at a two-story house with white siding and pale yellow trim.
"Okay," said Cassidy. "We don't have a name on this person, right?"
"Nope," said Burns.
Jane Cassidy gathered herself. What happened in the next minute and a half was very important. She and Burns both had their badges, but weren't showing them prominently. Both had a sidearm and hoped that those wouldn't be needed.
"Wait here," Cassidy said to Aleister. Aleister had his door half open. "In the car."
Aleister shrugged and pulled the car door closed. Cassidy noticed that the door didn't latch. She didn't make an issue of it.
She and Special Agent Burns approached the front door of the house with a practiced pleasant-but-business-like attitude. In addition to the front door, the gable-fronted house had a side door that led into a fenced side yard. Windows were historically an unlikely choice for egress, but Cassidy knew of several instances when a suspect had decided to crash through one.
The front entrance had a screen as well as a storm door. Cassidy knocked and Burns circled toward the side. She waited a few moments before she knocked again and tried the screen door. It was locked. The latch was simple and flimsy and she could probably wrench it open if necessary. She knocked again and took a half-step to see past the front window's curtains. The house was buttoned up tight against the summer heat. From behind the building, she could hear the drone of the air conditioning unit.
Jane Cassidy suddenly wished she'd called for backup. She always wanted to have more backup.
The man that opened the inside door was probably in his mid-forties, tanned and in very good shape.
"Good afternoon, sir," said Special Agent Cassidy. "I was wondering if I could have a word with you." She would have preferred if he opened the screen door before she identified herself, but she probably wouldn't have a choice in the matter.
"About what?" the man asked. He made no move to open the screen door.
Cassidy took her ID from her pocket and held it up. "I'm Agent Cassidy and—"
The man slammed the door.
"Shit," Cassidy muttered. "I'm going in," she said in case Burns hadn't heard the exchange.
Behind her, on the street, Aleister started the car and gunned the sedan's engine. The vehicle lurched forward, jumped the curb, and hit a transformer at the base of a light pole.
Cassidy couldn't do anything about it. She grabbed the handle of the screen door and threw her weight away from it. The latch gave on her second try. When the man had slammed the door, he hadn't bothered to lock it. Cassidy drew her sidearm and moved into the building.
With all of the blinds and curtains drawn to keep out the sunlight, the house was dim. Cassidy blindly flipped the first light switch she came to, but no light came on. The rooms on her way to the side door were clear. She quickly let Burns in.
"No suspect outside," he said.
"I'll finish here. You head up."
Burns didn't argue, but the decision for them to both go upstairs was made by a crash from the second floor. They hustled upstairs to find the man she'd talked to through the first doorway, forcibly clearing off a computer desk.
"Hands up, hands up!"
The man brought a gun up from a desk drawer. Cassidy shot him once. Her aim was off and the bullet caught the man in the shoulder rather than the chest. He fell to the ground, dropping his weapon.
Then Jane Cassidy covered Jimmy Burns as he cuffed Mr. Cardman.
39 – Time To Meet the President

The landline behind the counter rang and Terri hustled from the book rack that she was stocking to answer it. The store wasn't open yet. Smith had stayed overnight and was napping on a cot in the back.
This is how it was occasionally. Her husband would get wrapped up in one thing or another for a few days. Usually, it was a computer problem, either hardware or software related, or an obsession with beating a portion of a computer game. Once in a while, he'd decide to develop a new rule set for one of the tabletop games. Those were intense bouts of productivity, but he'd burn out quickly. Thankfully, only rarely did Aleister Luck come into the picture.
Terri picked up the phone on its third ring. "Every Game. This is Terri, how can I help you?"
The voice on the other end was male, warm and friendly. Terri couldn't place his accent. "Mrs. Smith?"
She wasn't used to the title, and a second passed before Terri realized that the man meant her and not Smith's mother who lived in Wisconsin. "Uh, yes. This is she."
"My name is Jacob Schlotz. I'm an associate of Aleister Luck's. May I speak to Mr. Smith?"
In any other situation, Terri would have taken a message and let Smith sleep. This man? The accent was French, but somehow different. It gave him gravity.
"Yes. It will be just a minute though. I need to wake him." Terri wasn't sure why she told Mr. Schlotz that Smith was asleep.
"Of course. And I would call later, but I'd like to discuss a matter of some importance with Mr. Smith."
"Yes, sir. Just a moment," she repeated.
Terri laid the phone on the counter and headed to the back. Smith's hair was wild and his closed eyes carried a hefty set of baggage. Terri prodded him tentatively.
"Smith? Hey, Smith?" Smith muttered and rolled over. "Peter!" The volume of her voice and use of his proper name jarred him awake. He sat straight up, sending a pillow to the floor.
"Hey, what?"
"Phone call for you."
"Is it Chicky-D?"
"Nope. Mr. Schlotz."
"The president of the bank? Well, hand it over."
"I left the phone out on the front counter."
"Why did you do that?"
"Mr. Schlotz sounds like the kind of guy that you should be wide awake to talk to."
Smith scowled. His mood would pass; she had learned long ago not to take it personally.
Smith gathered the phone from the counter and took the cordless headset with him to the back room. Terri busied herself near the back room, but didn't try to overhear half of the conversation.
She straightened the pegboard of die-cast figures and sorted through the tiny bottles of paint.
When Smith was involved with Aleister Luck, Terri occasionally worried. Aleister often asked much of Smith, except that Aleister didn't need to ask. The jobs were enticing; challenging and absorbing, but never entirely innocuous. But Aleister paid very well.
It had been that way from the beginning. Aleister Luck had appeared at the store the same day as the plastic ID press and the magnetic stripe encoder. The items had been part of an eBay lot that Smith had purchased on a whim.
"I got it cheap. Don't worry," he'd said as he hustled a box through to the back of the store. A man was with him, carrying a second crate.
"Did he come with the lot?" Terri had quipped. He was the plainest man that Terri had ever met.
"Nope. He's helping me carry. His name is Aleister, like the master of black magick, isn't that cool?"
"And what exactly is in the boxes?"
"Research stuff for the spy game I'm designing. I put a stupidly low bid in and the guy was local!"
"Spy game, huh?" That was pretty much all Aleister had to say to ingratiate himself with Smith. And it hadn't taken much to convince Smith to try out his new toys.
Terri quickly learned that coincidences stacked when Aleister Luck was around. Aleister, it seemed, was in need of a fake ID. Smith, it seemed, had come into possession of the means to make them along with other dubious items like lock picks, a homemade RFID signal emitter, and a dozen books on related subjects. The boxes included a 1999 Driver's License template for Arizona. The fabric store next door was having a going-out-of-business sale and had several yards of cloth that was close enough in color to Arizona's background.
"You don't even know this guy," Terri had pointed out. Aleister, though, was unflappably honest. He gave any information that Smith wanted, and Smith used the situation as an excuse to test his background checking skills. Luck was a private detective, licensed by the states of Nevada and California. He didn't have a criminal record. Legally, the man was on the up and up.
Despite his refusal to play games, Aleister became a semi-regular at Every Game. He provided interesting work for Smith, including the commission of a semi-automated computer program for the buying and selling of stocks. Terri knew there was nothing illegal about the program, but like most Aleister-related things, it left her uneasy. She tried not to think about it. The work Smith did for Aleister was more than enough to subsidize the store and a lifestyle that Terri found comfortable.
She gathered a Pepsi and a packet of cherry Pop Tarts from behind the counter. Once his grogginess wore off, Smith would be hungry.

* * * * *

"Hello. Smith speaking."
"Good morning, Mr. Smith. I apologize for waking you. I assume you've had an eventful couple of days. I'm Jacob Schlotz, Aleister Luck's banker."
Smith only had passing familiarity with Mr. Schlotz. Aside from a healthy sum in the Smiths' retirement account invested with the brokerage arm of Templeton & Schlotz, he'd only dealt with the firm through online transactions or email. He'd never had contact with the executive at the financial institution.
"Uh, good morning, Mr. Schlotz, or rather evening. What can I do for you?"
"Mr. Smith, I have a detailed perspective on Aleister's financial dealings, but I lack the entire set of information. I'm being called upon to talk publicly about the market situation and I hope that you can shed some light on what's happened."
"I will do my best, but Chicky-uh-Aleister keeps many things private, even from his friends and colleagues."
"Yes, I understand it's a function of how he works."
"Well, I assume that this is about the news that broke yesterday and how much money Aleister might lose off the consequences. I suspect that he's buying a lot of pharmaceutical companies, keeping the prices from going down."
"That's rather insightful Mr. Smith, but it isn't a complete picture of what is happening. The trades are a little more complex than that."
Smith nodded, not that the gesture could be heard. He wasn't completely surprised that there was more to it. Derivatives were involved, and making a profit didn't require prices to go past the strike price. Smith also assumed that Schlotz knew about Aleister's way of operating, but he wasn't certain to what degree.
"Templeton & Schlotz handles all of Aleister's banking and brokerage transactions. Over the last few weeks, whatever system you and Aleister have in place sold off eighty-five percent of the firm's holdings."
In the pause, Smith's heart rate skyrocketed. Was Schlotz implying that the liquidation was an error and that his software was to blame? "Eighty-five percent? Are you certain?"
"Absolutely, Mr. Smith. It was confusing, and honestly, concerning for us. Overall, Aleister made a profit on the trades, but there were a few minor losses. This left Aleister with a very large liquid position yesterday."
"At least the losses were minimal," Smith said hopefully.
"Yes, but again, it was highly irregular. It seems that this liquidity came in handy yesterday."
"Okay..."
"In hindsight, Mr. Smith, what would you have expected to occur when a story broke about a pharmaceutical firm committing murder to cover up research that might be harmful to them financially? A story that sensational? A cover-up implicating one of the most respected pharmaceutical companies? What should have happened to pharmaceutical stocks?"
"Well, I expected that Pharma stocks would plummet. In fact, we had information about several hedge funds that had large put order holdings at very low strike prices." Smith opened up his laptop and checked his account. The stocks had not dropped as low as he'd suspected, and the prices on his put options hadn't gone up. Instead, the price had gone down, pushed down by lower prices at a higher strike price. With the tabloid-like misinformation that surrounded the video and Dana Spelman's story, the pharmaceutical stocks should have nose-dived and the put options skyrocketed. "There should have been a flash crash," Smith concluded. "The computerized systems designed to project trading trends overreact when there's such a radical, sharp change in price. That would have affected the option prices as well."
"Exactly, Mr. Smith. Neither of those things happened."
"True."
"Instead, there was a leavening factor. A buyer bought some of the stocks as their prices fell and sold low priced put options as demand went up. This kept prices unexpectedly stable for those companies."
"And that buyer was Aleister Luck?"
"Technically, the buyer and seller was Templeton & Schlotz. We were brazen enough to sell attractively priced put options and that helped us to be liquid enough to balance the stock sellers. In fact, we sold enough put options that it would be difficult for all holders of those options to acquire shares of the underlying without pushing the price back over the strike price."
"Huh. I can understand that Chicky-D would take advantage near the low point and sell put options at the same time to maximize profit, but it sounds like he didn't optimize his profit."
"Chicky-D?"
"Yeah, you know, 'Winner, winner, chicken dinner.'"
"Ah, that must be a Las Vegas thing."
"Oh, uh..." Smith had forgotten who he was talking to.
"My question, Mr. Smith, before my interview on CNBC, is there any reason your software would contribute to this behavior?"
"In a prescient manner to support pharmaceutical stock prices and depress accompanying put option prices?" Smith was incredulous.
"The situation was somewhat singular, but considering that Aleister traded untraceably on our behalf and his trades are not obviously exploitative, I'm not concerned with allegations of insider trading. I just wanted to know what insight you could give me, and it seems that you've been helpful in that regard."
Smith shrugged, and of course, Mr. Schlotz didn't hear that either. "Aleister always seems to make good decisions, even if they don't seem that way at first. I lack insight into his decision-making process, but he lives up to his name. I don't call him Chicky-D for nothing. He was trying to stop those hedge funds from making a profit."
Smith thought he heard Mr. Schlotz chuckle, but he might have just been imagining it. "Thank you for your time, Mr. Smith. Give my regards to your wife, please."
"Anytime, Mr. Schlotz." Smith doubted that Chicky-D's banker would ever call him again.
40 – The Right Shell at the Right Time

A combination lock hung from locker #25, part of the daily use lockers on the third floor of the University of Nevada, Las Vegas' Student Recreation and Wellness Center near the basketball courts. While Aleister was fairly certain that this was the correct locker #25, the key was much too big for the combination lock's key override. A look around at the mismatched locks on other lockers suggested that the label on Aleister's key was suspiciously unnecessary.
Of course, the lockers weren't called daily use for nothing. It had been over a week since Aleister had found the key taped to the kitchen exhaust hood in Felix Benes' apartment. The lock that the key belonged to and the contents of the locker had no doubt been collected by university staff days ago.
As Aleister approached, the girl at the service desk answered the phone and almost immediately put the call on hold.
"What can I do for you?" she asked. According to her nametag, she was Sheri.
"I left my things in a locker a while back."
"Semester or daily?"
"Just a daily." Aleister laid the key on the desk and the girl regarded it, wondering why he'd presented it.
"What's the locker number?"
"Twenty-five, from the third floor."
Sheri took the call off hold and juggled the phone and the customer service question asked of her while she pulled a card from a file drawer. Phone question answered, she gave Aleister a "just a moment" gesture and headed into a storage area.
"We cut your lock off, so you won't be getting that back. And since Jordan's off on Sundays and Mondays, you had an extra two days to collect your stuff without incurring an additional late fee."
She hefted a bin onto the desk. In it were two especially solid looking laptop computers.
"There were no clothes," she said. She meant it as a question. Of course, most of what was found in gym lockers were street clothes, library books and maybe an odd piece of personal electronics. Laptops weren't commonly left behind. They certainly didn't spend a week in Rec's storage.
Aleister nodded and didn't give her the satisfaction of an explanation. "Looks like everything's there. Thanks."
"No problem," said Sheri. "That will still be $10 for the clean-out fee."
Aleister paid it with no fuss and left quickly.
A half hour would pass before Sheri realized that she hadn't asked the man what it was that he'd left in the locker. She didn't admit her mistake to anyone. That she knew of, no one else ever came to collect the laptops.
Aleister went straight to Smith.
Smith was in the middle of positioning an army of painted metal miniatures on green Styrofoam hills, but he excused himself quickly.
"What do you have there, Chicky-D? Something old or something new?" Smith went in advance of Aleister, letting them both into the back storage area.
"Something old, I assume."
"Are they borrowed?"
"Yes. And I'm going to guess there is some pretty basic blue wallpaper on at least one of these." Aleister couldn't roll his eyes too much. Smith was ever enthusiastic.
Smith cleared a space on one of his tables, moving invoices and notations that still pertained to Benes' research and the financial implications of what had happened.
"Where are these from?" Smith asked.
"A locker at UNLV."
That satisfied Smith. He set the laptops side by side, opened them, and turned them on. "Should I expect some security?"
"Possibly."
The laptop on the left booted quickly and went to the OS desktop. The one on the right was password-protected. Smith wiggled his fingers over it and pulled up a chair. 
Aleister headed into the main area of the store and let Smith work. Terri finished ringing up a patron and turned her attention to Aleister.
"How's your lady-friend?" Terri asked.
"She's still taking care of things in New York." Aleister left it at that and Terri didn't press. "Could I buy a Dr. Pepper and a bag of Doritos from you?"
"Nope, but you can have them." She handed the snacks to Aleister, and Aleister pulled a bill from his wallet and left it on the counter.
Terri snorted. "Are you buying a round of Pepper and Doritos for the whole store?"
Aleister shrugged without looking at the amount of money on the counter. "Sure, why not?"
In the back, Smith was still being stymied by the protections, but had opened a file or two on the unlocked computer as well. He stayed hunched over his work. "These machines belonged to Felix Benes."
Aleister rolled a second office chair to the table and sat. While Smith scowled at the locked computer, Aleister ate Doritos and poised his hand over the touch pad of the unprotected laptop. Without looking, he tapped and dragged a few times.
When he looked at the screen, he found that he had opened Outlook and a draft of Benes telling his story. Benes hadn't included any recipients in the 'To:' line. Dana would have a better idea of whether the writing sounded like Benes, but to Aleister, the email seemed too frivolously verbose. Was this how a biochemist sounded?
Beside him, Smith pushed away from the table. "Fine," he muttered. "Chicky-D, try working your magic before I pull the hard drive and plug it into my test rig. Want anything from the front?"
Aleister flattened the empty Doritos bag. "No, I'm good."
Smith left Aleister alone with the password protected machine. Aleister continued to read the documents open on the unlocked laptop and, one-handed, reached over and pressed seven random keys.
Smith's scowl deepened when he returned with his energy drink. "How do you do that? I wasn't gone but a minute and a half."
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"I think I can see what keys you touched. You left greasy Doritos dust behind. Well, let's see what we have."
"We're not going to find anything new. That machine," Aleister pointed to the one that he had unlocked, "has research results on it. Probably in raw form. This machine has research results that have been prettied up and some narrative, similar to what Dana sent to the press. This is the stuff that was supposed to be easily found."
"Hence no protections."
"Yeah. And the other laptop, password protected, was meant to add weight to the proceedings."
Smith took a deep swig of his drink. "To what end?"
"I found the key about two weeks ago. That was before I ran into Dana at the Flush Lady."
"So..."
"I found the key before the cops investigated Benes apartment. If they would have found it when they investigated..."
"The whole financial thing would have hit sooner."
"When they wanted it to," said Aleister. 
Smith raised his eyebrows. "Then you might not have remained liquid long enough for the conspiracy to come out."
"I might not have what?"
"You had liquidated most of your portfolio and had orders in to buy up falling pharmaceutical stocks before you found the key. The orders were put in weeks ago. But, how long would you have been able to prop up the market? It took over a week for the whole sordid story to get out. How long would it have been before you ran out of capital?"
Aleister shrugged. "Your software is just one of the tools at my disposal to get what I intend done."
"In this case, what you intended probably cost a lot of bad people a lot of money!"
Aleister waved the matter away. He couldn't explain his exact methods to Smith. "Benes would have had both laptops secured or not at all. This one was too easy. These were planted for someone to find, and it seems that a financial plot was the reason why."
41 – Skeletons in the Desert

When Detectives David Moore and Ray Sanyo arrived at Dana's condo, her hair was still drying from her morning shower and she wore a simple white blouse and khaki shorts. It was a far cry from her slick look when they'd met at Benes' apartment.
"Good morning, Miss Spelman." Moore met her at the door and escorted her to the front seat of their unmarked car. Sanyo was in back, seemingly happy as he sorted through paperwork strewn across the bench seat. "Ready to go?"
"Yes." From her oversized purse, Dana gathered her sunglasses and a note card. The piece of paper had a set of coordinates carefully printed on it.
Moore paused before starting the car. "Are you sure that you want to do this? We've followed Aleister's leads before. What we're going to find may be disturbing."
Moore was a classically good-looking man. Chiseled features, broad shoulders. If he weren't police, she might have considered having dinner with him. He meant well. "I've been involved with this from the beginning Detective Moore. I need to see it through."
"Okay. And you know that you can call me David, right?"
Dana smiled, but didn't reply.
"Are those for the GPS?" Moore gestured to the card.
Dana handed it over.
Moore turned on the GPS system and fed it the latitude and longitude.
"Do you know how Aleister came upon this info?" Sanyo asked from the back.
"No," said Dana. "I didn't ask." 
She had been the one to call Aleister. After New York, she had been happy to put distance between them. Unfortunately, every time she told the story, one question loomed over everything. The original question: what had happened to Felix Benes? 
"I want to hire you," she had said to Aleister. She figured that was the only way to ensure that he would do the job and stay on task.
"Don't be silly," he'd replied. "Of course I'll find Benes' body for you."
"If he's dead. He might be alive." Dana realized how hollow that sounded the moment it passed her lips.
A couple hours later, Aleister called her back. "I've sent you an email with the coordinates. I suggest that you contact the police before you try going out there."
"Why didn't you call the police?" Dana had asked.
"They're not the ones that asked."
Dana had done as Aleister suggested. She'd called Moore and Sanyo.
"We're headed out on Highway 160," said Moore. He'd muted the GPS, leaving it to provide directions only as an animated car following a thick purple line through Las Vegas. Traffic was spotty. "How have you been, Dana? Are you doing okay?"
Dana didn't know what to tell him. She considered being honest. In the wake of New York, in the wake of Aleister Luck and his machinations, Dana hadn't known what to expect from DCM. It had taken five days for the entire conspiracy to come to light.
The Boston and New York bureaus of the FBI brought in extra personnel to handle the documents provided by Luck and what was found on Cardman's computers. The story was Cardman had software to repeatedly overwrite his data drive. He would have destroyed the data as the FBI gained access to his house, but someone had knocked out power in the area. The tall tale was that Aleister had driven into a local power transformer. Dana was certain that version of the story was correct.
Without the contents of Cardman's computers, pieces wouldn't have fit together completely. DCM's ties to the disappearance of Felix Benes and the suppression of his research might not have been proven otherwise. Richard Felts was the true conspirator within the firm. While he had quickly resigned his position, he would doubtlessly retain enough assets to be well off. The only threat to him was a stay in prison.
Whether she was fired or not was irrelevant. She had mentally drafted her resignation letter a half dozen times before they discharged her. Her life had been in upheaval since she had met with Felix Benes. The morning of his disappearance had been the last time she'd been in her office at DCM. The belongings she had left behind had been FedEx'd to her residence.
"I'm fine," she lied. "I find myself between jobs."
"Book deal in the works?" Sanyo asked from the back.
"Yes," Dana admitted. Almost immediately after Amanda Evan's full story appeared in the New York Times, she received offers from a dozen journalists and ghost writers. "I'll be working on it with Amanda Evans."
"The woman that interviewed you for the Times article?" Moore asked. He merged onto the 160.
"Yes. She knows an editor at Random House, and she's Alan Barrowman's protégé." Dana shrugged sheepishly. Alan Barrowman was still recovering. His age hadn't made it any easier. "I feel like I owe him."
"Well, remember that it's Sanyo like the TV company," Moore's partner called from the back.
Moore scowled, but Dana appreciated the levity.
"Still," said Dana. "I'd like to get back to the work I know how to do." She didn't expound and neither man pressed the subject. Instead, she watched the bleached Nevada desert pass by. Even from behind sunglasses, the landscape was hypnotic. Dana dozed off when she closed her eyes against the morning sun. She only peripherally noticed the car stopping. 
"Here we are." They had pulled over to the edge of the highway.
"Here?" Dana asked.
Moore squinted at the dashboard GPS. "We're going to be on foot for a ways."
"Hope you wore good shoes," said Sanyo.
Her sandals weren't ideal, but a least they were closed-toed.
Moore and Sanyo weren't enthusiastic about the prospect either. Neither of them was jumping from the air conditioned car.
"Prickly bushes, sharp rocks, and insects," he muttered. "Are you sure that you don't want to stay in the car?"
"And snakes. You forgot the snakes," Moore added. "Seriously, Dana. You've done more than most for Felix Benes. If we find anything..."
"No, I'm going with you."
"We might be entering a crime scene, Ms. Spelman," said Sanyo. "We're going to let you come with, but if we tell you to stay back, you need to do as we say."
"I get it. I'm not a criminal lawyer, but I understand the sanctity of crime scenes."
"Another reason that we can't take the car closer," said Moore.
"Yeah," said Sanyo, "let's go."
"Just a moment." Moore leaned over Dana to open the glove box. "Pardon me," he muttered. He rummaged around until he found a wrinkled tan bucket hat.
"Stylin'," said Sanyo.
"I'll remind you how stylish it is when your head is red and crispy."
"Asians don't burn easily, Moore."
Dana smiled at the men's camaraderie. It was similar to her relationship with Jess, but different in a way she thought would be interesting to experience.
"I have an extra," Moore offered her a second crumpled hat.
"No, thank you," said Dana. "I put on sunblock this morning. If we're out here too long, I'll come back to the car."
"That sounds like a plan," said Moore.
They all paused another moment. The inside of the car was beginning to warm. With a silent three-count, they braced themselves and opened the car doors.
Heat blasted them. Dana had lived in Vegas nearly all her life, but she still couldn't help but issue an unladylike groan when moving from the air conditioning to the summer heat.
Moore opened a GPS app on his phone and typed the information that Dana had provided. He held it out in front of him. "That-a-way."
"Shall we see if we can find Luck's tracks before we go any further?"
"Aleister's tracks?" Dana asked.
"This won't be the first time that Luck has given us a tip on where to find evidence."
"I'll head up the road with Dana; you head down."
They had walked less than ten yards before Sanyo called from his direction. "Here!"
Moore interpreted the signs. 
"A car parked there," he pointed. "The driver got out and walked into the desert." The footprints on the dusty ground moved directly, in a straight line. There was nothing meandering about them. Dana could imagine Aleister performing these actions, sweat dampening his clothes in the heat of the day.
Moore glanced at his phone again. "They're going in the right direction."
"Of course, they are." Sanyo turned to Dana. "Aleister Luck has never been wrong with his tips. He has never been off by the slightest bit."
"Wouldn't that make you wonder about Luck?" Dana asked. "If he's never wrong, couldn't it be possible that he's committing these crimes?"
"Why would he come forward with information if he were the one committing the crimes?" Sanyo asked. Sweat was already forming a dark yoke on his white shirt.
"Perfect cover. Who's going to suspect a good friend of the cops?"
"That's ridiculous."
"Is it? How much do you know about him?" Yet, Dana knew that her questions weren't much more than rhetorical. 
"There's never been anything that has connected Luck with the crimes," said Sanyo.
"He's really good at cleaning up after himself?" Dana asked.
The footprints curved in a gentle arc.
"It is doubtful," said Sanyo, "that his villainy could stand up to our keen investigative skills."
Moore's phone beeped and they stopped.
All three gazed at the shrubby land in front of them and saw nothing of interest. Dana looked down and saw that Aleister's prints were at a ninety degree angle to the direction she was facing.
Dana turned.
Behind a clump of tumbleweed, she could see the corner of a blue tarp through the dust. It had been enough for Aleister as well, because the footsteps drew no closer.
"Gentlemen?" Dana pointed and the men had no trouble picking out what they were supposed to see.
"I hope that's not going to be what I think it is," said Moore.
"Yeah," Sanyo breathed in agreement. "Dana, are you sure you don't want to go back to the car?"
"No," she said. "I need closure on this."
Moore shot a photo of the scene with his phone as they approached. These wouldn't be official crime scene photos, but they were helpful when writing reports. 
Sanyo slipped on a pair of latex gloves, not an easy task considering how sweaty his hands were. Latex and the summer sun didn't go well together.
A chemical smell accosted Dana as they approached the tarp. "What is the smell?" Dana coughed.
"Lye," said Sanyo. "It always reminds me of the time when my sister put a permanent in her hair."
The area around the tarp and its depression in the ground were a maze of animal tracks, but no human prints.
Sanyo reached down and, with his gloved hand, pulled up the corner of the tarp.
Dana braced herself and couldn't resist the shivers that spun down her spine.
The dusty, gravely topsoil shifted and made the tarp harder and harder to lift. Sanyo grabbed with both hands and skirted the corpse. Moore put on his gloves to help gingerly lift the second layer of tarp.
The lye had not been spread evenly. It had eaten away enough flesh that family wouldn't be identifying the corpse. Special attention had been given to the hands and feet, but the teeth were intact.
The body looked strange to Dana, like it was a poorly preserved mummy.
"Let's see if we can get this out of here," said Sanyo.
"You think there's something under it?"
"Could be."
There was, more than one thing at that.
Dana went back to the car and waited while the men worked.
42 – Forgotten Equity at the Flush Lady

Aleister left the blinding brightness of noon and entered the frigid casino floor of The Flush Lady. He had almost become acclimated to the air conditioning by the time he reached the bar.
The last time Aleister had been to The Flush Lady, he'd chanced upon Dana Spelman. Today, the man sitting at the bar was the same one that Aleister had left duct taped to a chair in a vacant office in New York.
Aleister took the stool beside him. "Can I buy you a drink?"
Surprise flitted over Howell's face. "Yes, you can."
Still, neither man knew the other's name.
The bartender brought Howell another whiskey and Aleister a diet Coke.
CNN was on the TV above the bar. News was still coming out of New York. The investment companies that Aleister had investigated were under scrutiny for dubious financial practices. To some degree the murders of Dr. Benes, Dr. Aggarwal, Dr. Bohr, and John Dalton, as well as the near death of Alan Barrowman, were horrific enough that the media could only handle them in a subdued manner.
"How's your arm?" Aleister asked.
Howell flexed his wrist. "Still pretty stiff. The forearm injury was only a crack in the ulna. The upper arm had tendon damage, which was worse in many ways. I'm going to assume that you never came back to the vacant office."
"There was a reasonable chance that you'd escape."
"But you never checked."
Aleister shrugged. No, he hadn't. He hadn't felt the need and other things had taken his attention.
"You didn't think I'd come after Dana again?"
"No. By the time it was all over, I didn't suppose you were employed any longer."
They lapsed into silence as the bartender switched the TV to a baseball game.
"Did Spelman tell you about what happened to her at the docks?" Howell asked.
"Of course, even before she told the reporters."
Howell knocked back his whiskey. "I was the one that was supposed to be in the container with her. My job at that point was to plant information about Johnson and Johnson, and then break us out of the container. They were supposed to shoot at us and in the confusion I'd disappear. But I don't think that was really what the plan. I think that if you hadn't detained me, I would have washed up on Manhattan Island around the time I liberated myself from that office."
Aleister didn't know what the proper response was.
Howell turned until he was square to Aleister. "Your life works out like this all the time, doesn't it?"
"When you say 'works out,' that sort of implies that chance is involved."
"Don't bullshit me. I know what it takes to prepare for these kinds of situations. There is absolutely no way you can account for everything that happened."
"What would you have done to avoid being shot?"
"I couldn't have worn a vest, not anything that would have mattered against rifle rounds," Howell admitted. "How did you know where Spelman was being held?"
"GPS. I took your car."
"And rammed it into two of our guys before taking our surveillance van."
Aleister shrugged.
"How does a man do that?" Howell asked.
"I don't think I could make you understand. You look at the situation and go forward to a desired result. That's your nature. I start from a desired result and work back. You want another of those?" Aleister tapped Howell's tumbler.
"No, I'm good."
Aleister watched an outfielder blindly snag a baseball from the air as it passed over his head.
"Will you be coming after me?" Howell asked.
Aleister knew without a doubt that this man had killed Felix Benes. "I don't currently have plans to. Will you be in Las Vegas for very long?"
"I have some business to attend to, but I don't plan on staying."
"May that business go smoothly. But afterward, I would suggest you retire."
"Is that a threat?"
"Our interests might seem to align at the moment, but I wouldn't expect that to continue," said Aleister.
Howell smiled. "Well, thank you. I guess."
43 – The Piper Comes to Collect

The house was a compound, like many that belonged to the very rich that lived in Case County. There was an outer wall and an inner wall and cameras that covered every square inch. Minimal personnel were needed to manage the property.
Nicholas Howell came in during the day with the mail and pool service. Gaining entrance to the house was easy with the right equipment. Howell had cultivated friends in security firms and knew the setup of the house and knew where to hole up.
He had covered as many bases as he could.
Richard Felts had no real reason to be paranoid. He had been linked to the dirty hedge funds and the conspiracy to commit murder, but he was rich enough to remain out of jail. He was under house arrest in the comfort of his luxurious home while expensive attorneys drew out his trial.
Howell had gone through the trouble of tracking down as much official information about the case as possible. Ed Stern had strictly been running surveillance. He hadn't been privy to operational specifics. He hadn't known anything about how the shipping container situation was supposed to end. Stern had only given details about Cardamom and other peripheral operators. He hadn't at all mentioned Howell. Assistant Director Carns of the New York branch of the FBI had only been paid to circulate Aleister Luck's picture. Cardamom, Elliot Cardman, was the primary brains behind the entire scheme, but he was locked up, beyond Howell's reach.
Of the investors, Felts was the recognizable face and the director of the endeavor. At first Cardman had tried to take credit for directing the hedge funds, but it became obvious that his forte did not lie in finances. Elliot Cardman had squandered a great deal of money in the past, and wasn't exactly rich when he'd set the plans in motion. He had needed money and Felts and his hedge fund cronies had that in quantity.
Plus, Richard Felts was accessible.
Three weeks of research had revealed that Felts' wife would be in Los Angeles until Sunday. The maid left at 6pm. The chef was out of town as well, one of the reasons that Mrs. Felts had fled to L.A. According to the assistant at DCM, Felts dabbled in the kitchen, much to the chagrin of everyone.
In spite of the concrete and cameras that comprised his household, Felts should have been more wary with the people in his life. They had been Howell's way in. His former employees were on the alert. Their ex-boss was under scrutiny. They didn't talk about anything concerning drug companies. They didn't talk about finances.
Howell had to give them that. Not even rumors. Not even after Howell had gotten three frou-frou martinis into Felts' recently divorced assistant. They gossiped but it was about trivial things. None of them realized that Howell didn't care about what Felts had done regarding Pharmagate, as it had come to be known. Howell knew what Felts had done. It was the idle gossip, the tidbits he had learned about Felts' life, they would doom the man.
The problem with large houses was that they afforded many places to be private when very few people inhabited them. Stories about parties held at Felts' compound invariably mentioned the spectacular greenhouse that was Kitty Felts' pride and joy. An extravagance that Richard Felts had constructed to keep his Portland-native wife happy.
That was where Howell decided to hide out. Gardeners tended it every morning and automatic sprinklers watered it every evening. The glass panels were variably frosted to let in the perfect amount of Nevada sunlight. Without the wife at home, without any entertaining planned, the greenhouse was likely to be empty. Plus, Howell knew that Felts hadn't bothered with a camera in the greenhouse.
When night fell, Howell let himself into the main house.
Richard Felts was wearing slacks and shirt sleeves as he experimented with arugula in the kitchen. It would have been easiest for Howell to shoot him without ever being seen. But Felts' death wasn't the only thing Howell wanted. 
"Hey Dick." Howell confronted Felts in the corner between the refrigerator and sink. As far as Howell knew, the nearest security alarm was the door to the patio on the opposite side of the breakfast nook. If Felts were twenty years younger, he couldn't have made it before Howell shot him.
But unfortunately, Howell was wrong. If he'd have hijacked Felts' mail a week ago, he would have known that Felts had added to his security measures.
Richard Felts dropped something on the counter with a soft liquid thud. Eggs.
"Please, turn around."
"I'll give you the combination to the safe in the study. If I don't see, I won't be able to identify you. I won't look. I promise."
Howell couldn't see his hands. He didn't see that Felts had activated an emergency button on his phone and picked up a knife from the countertop.
 "I don't care about the safe," said Howell, "Or money. Or any of your belongings. I've already been paid for my services."
"What?"
"I'm a disgruntled employee, Mr. Felts. Maybe you didn't hire me face to face to take care of Felix Benes, but it was your money that paid me. Turn around."
Felts turned and lunged, catching Howell by surprise. The knife sunk into the side of Howell's abdomen. The pain was slick and hot. Howell gritted his teeth and fired his gun. He squeezed off three shots, hitting Felts solidly in the chest.
Howell pressed a hand to his side and tried to fend off the darkness that was creeping in around the edge of his vision. He bit his lip hard and forced his attention away from the wet wound. He made it out of the house before he saw the flashing lights of the police cars that had answered Felts' call.
The night had taken Nicolas Howell by surprise, and he couldn't help it. Nicolas Howell smiled.


--END--
About the Authors

Eric and Katherine began working together as collaborative authors shortly after she graduated with an English degree from the University of Nebraska at Lincoln in 1997. With degrees in Computer Engineering and Biology, Eric worked eight years in the semiconductor industry before continuing his education. In 2010, he finished a professional science master's degree in Computational Bio-Sciences from Arizona State University.
Katherine Nabity began work on her first novel (Lucinda at the Window) in 1998. Fresh out of college with a degree in English and aspirations to write, she asked her then-boyfriend, Eric, to keep her accountable with a weekly writing assignment. When she turned over three pages of gothic atmosphere, Eric's imagination ran with it and provided a compelling plot. Not only was Lucinda at the Window born, but so was a great writing team.
More information about Katherine and Eric as writers can be found at http://entangledcontinua.com/

Thank you for reading! If you feel strongly about this book, please leave a review or recommend Luck for Hire to your friends.
