
 
Gracie’s Inheritance
 
 
By Rubianne Wood
 
 

 
 
For my mother for her undying love
 
 
 
 
This story is a work of fiction.  Names of characters, places and events are all fictitious and any similarities to actual persons living or dead are of pure coincidence.
 
 
 
Special thanks to DB Stephens
And Cat Lenderi
 
 
Smashwords Edition 2014 
Copyright©2013 by Rachel A. Dyson
All rights reserved
 
Chapter One
 
Gracie stumbled up the front steps in exhaustion.  She fumbled in the mail box, grasped the stack of mail and then opened the door.  Barely making it to the sofa, she kicked the shoes off of her aching feet and collapsed in the billowy softness.  She tossed the mail, along with her keys onto the coffee table, leaned back and closed her eyes.
Silently, she thanked herself once again for having the foresight of purchasing this one prized piece of furniture. She lay back into the softness of the couch, letting her dark hair drape over the arm of the sofa.
This had been her one big splurge.  When she had moved in five years ago, she didn’t have the money to furnish the apartment. On the advice of her boss and now ex-boyfriend, she bought the couch.  He had rightly expressed that it could double as a bed.  It was the only decent thing that came from that relationship, she thought and stroked the jade, corduroy upholstery.  The room was still bare other than the sofa and a glass-topped coffee table.  
She bent down and rubbed her blistered, throbbing feet.  What had possessed her to take an evening waitressing job, anyway?  Sure, she needed the extra money, but there had to be an easier way.  Though the eighty dollars in tips would come in handy, wasn’t being secretary to the great Spencer Naughton tiring enough in itself? 
Amazing how wrong she had been about him.  He was so sweet, handsome, and oh so charming in the beginning.  She had been thrilled when he had offered her a position. He was a great psychologist and highly accredited and she had been lucky to get such a position.  It sure didn’t take him long to change from Prince Charming back into a toad.  Four years later, she still hadn’t gotten a raise.     
Well, tonight, she didn’t have the energy to think about it.  Thank God it was Friday and she had two whole days not to have to see Spencer’s arrogant, ugly face!
Gracie fell asleep, fully clothed on the soft sofa.  She didn’t awaken until the sunlight streamed in through the window and glared into her face.
Stretching, she got up and then took a quick shower and made a pot of coffee.  With a cup in hand, she padded back into the tiny living-room.  She pulled her bathrobe close around her to ward off the slight chill in the room and noticed the mail lying on the coffee table.  She set her steaming cup down on the glass top.
She picked up the stack and felt a little quiver go through her when she saw that three of the letters were addressed from Maytown, Oklahoma and recognized the handwriting on the first envelope, immediately.  Oh, Lord, something had happened.  It was from her cousin, Jeanette.  
Gracie sat down on the couch with the three letters.  Hesitant to open it, she slid Jeanette’s to the bottom of the stack.  The other two were both from the same lawyer, a Humphrey Lowood III.  She opened the first one and scanned it, quickly.
Her grandmother, Lydia Mason, had passed away.  The funeral was set for Tuesday of the next week.  There would be a private reading of the will that same afternoon.
That was it, then.  Gram was gone.  So many mixed feelings began to rise up, but Gracie tamped them back down.  It had been nearly five years since she had left Oklahoma and hadn’t been back even once.  Well, the woman had raised her.  She would have to go for Jeanette’s sake, at least.
Gracie opened the next letter.  Strangely, the lawyer was requesting a private conference with her on Wednesday.  How odd.  Why would the lawyer need to see her again if the reading of the will was on Tuesday?  Why wasn’t Jeanette included?
Finally, Gracie opened Jeanette’s letter.  The note was very short.  ‘Grace, please, please, call me.’ And a phone number.
Gracie pulled out her cell phone and dialed her cousin’s number.  Jeanette answered on the third ring.
“Hello, Jeanette,” Gracie said nervously.  They hadn’t exactly parted on the best terms five years ago.
“Gracie, is that you?  Please tell me you are coming.  I’m really not handling all of this well on my own.  You can stay at Gram’s if you like.  No one else is there now,” Jeanette said, pleading.
“Of course, I’ll come.  I’ll have to make arrangements before I leave.  Hang in there, okay?  I’ll call you when I get there.”  
“Thank you, Gracie.  The kids are so upset and with Jim still gone, I am really having a hard time.”
“It will be okay.  I’ll be there soon.”
“Gracie, I love you,” Jeanette said, with a cry in her voice.
“I love you, too,” Gracie answered, truly touched.  “Goodbye.”
Her phone call to Spencer wasn’t as congenial.  
“I don’t know why you want to go.  They wrote you off years ago, didn’t they?  I need you here.  I have a full week of appointments, Gracie.  You can’t just throw your responsibilities out the window.” Why did he always have to sound so condescending?
“I have to go, Spencer.  Jeanette needs me.  Gram and I may not have seen eye to eye, but she was the only parent I’ve ever known.  I haven’t taken one day off for four years.  You can give me this.  It will only be a few days.”
“I’ll give you until Thursday.  You had better be here bright and early or I’ll have you replaced.” She could see his sneering face in her mind’s eye.  How he could take that incredibly handsome face and screw it into the ugliest, vicious look was beyond her.
“I’ll be back on Thursday.  If I’m not, feel free to replace me.” She hung the phone up and cursed the day she met that man.
*****
Gracie wasn’t able to leave as soon as she had hoped, but she arrived at about 1:00 p.m. on Sunday. She had had to rent a car for the duration.  So much for the last few months’ savings.
Though Gracie was sad about her grandmother, her eyes were dry and she remained calm through-out the drive.  She was looking forward to seeing Jeanette and her children.  Too bad it had to be under these circumstances.  Gracie had felt bad that they had parted with such hard feelings, but Jeanette just didn’t understand.
Their grandmother, Lydia, had been such a hard woman in a lot of ways.  Though she had supported Gracie’s decision to go to college in Oklahoma City, she had been angry and unreasonable when Gracie wanted to leave the state to work in Little Rock.  It wasn’t really that far, after all.  Lydia wanted Gracie to stay in Maytown, get married, and raise a family.  She didn’t understand why Gracie would want to actually use her degree, and certainly couldn’t fathom why she had to go so far away to do it.
Finally, it all blew up.  Gracie told Lydia that she needed to get away from Lydia herself!  The woman was stifling.  Gracie loved her grandmother, but was tired of being smothered and controlled.  She knew that she had pierced the woman’s soul, but she couldn’t take it back.  Gracie needed her own space and her own life.  Lydia had been angry beyond words, but managed to tell Gracie not to come back -- ever.
And she hadn’t.  Jeanette thought it horrendous of her to talk to their grandmother like that and told Gracie so.  That was the last contact she had had with her family until today.
Gracie had always thought that somehow she would make amends.  Now it was too late.  Lydia was gone.  It seemed unreal.  The strong force that dominated her life for so long was gone.  What would it be like to enter that house, suddenly void of Lydia’s forceful presence?
 
 
 
 
Chapter Two
 
Gracie pulled in the drive of her grandmother’s house at 1:30 pm, Sunday afternoon.  She tiredly got out of the car, relieved to finally get here and found the key in the mailbox where Jeanette had left it for her.
The house looked pretty much the same as it always had.  What a far cry from her shabby little apartment.  Gracie was mildly surprised to see that her pictures were still on the mantle along with Jeanette’s smiling visage.  Lydia may have cut me out of her life, but she still cared enough to want to see me, Gracie thought.
Instinctively, she made her way to her own room.  Or what used to be her room.  As she turned the light on, she saw that it remained unchanged.  Even some of her clothes were still left in the closet and chest of drawers.  She pulled out an old nightshirt, yellow with blue rose buds on it.  It used to be her favorite.  She undressed and put it on feeling comforted and slid under the heavy quilt on her bed.  It felt so good, so familiar.  
That was when the tears finally came.  For the first time she could remember, she cried loud choking sobs.  It went on for several hours.  When she finally slid out of the bed in search of some coffee and something to eat, she caught a glimpse of herself in the bureau mirror.  Her dark hair was mussed from the bed and hung limply to her shoulders, as if it, too, was in mourning.  Her green eyes were bloodshot and her face was red and splotchy, but somehow, she felt a little better.  
She padded down the hallway, quietly, though there was no one to disturb.  When she got to the kitchen, she found that there was enough in there to make herself a sandwich.  
She took her coffee and sandwich into the living-room, looking around guiltily.  Gram never allowed them to eat in here and she half expected the woman to come into the room to lecture her.
It seemed to be the longest evening she had ever spent, alone in the empty house.  Gracie was glad when she looked up from the television to discover that it was bedtime.
*****
The doorbell woke her the next morning.  Gracie knew that it had to be Jeanette.  She pulled on a robe and walked to the door.
She was pulled into a bear hug as her cousin enveloped her.
“Oh, Gracie, I’m so glad you are here,” she said, as she finally let go.
“It’s good to see you, too.  You wanna put on some coffee?  I’ll get dressed real quick.” Gracie knew she looked horrible.  Her eyes were sore from all the crying.
“Sure,” Jeanette agreed and left toward the kitchen.
Gracie dressed quickly and did her best to cover her red blotchy face.  She pulled her thick, black hair into a ponytail and went to meet Jeanette in the kitchen.
“Where are the kids?” she asked, as she entered the room.  She saw that the coffee was done and grabbed a cup from the cabinet.
“I left them with the neighbors.  They offered to keep them today while we finalize the arrangements.  It’s all done, really.  I just wanted you to go over everything, just to make sure it was all right with you.”
“I figured Gram had already taken care of everything,” Gracie said and sat down at the table across from her cousin.
“She had for the most part.  Even down to what she was going to wear.  Pastor Rayburn will be giving a eulogy and performing the service, and Marta Grayson and her granddaughter will be singing.  Pastor Rayburn asked if either of us wanted to say something.  I declined, but didn’t know about you.  I wasn’t even sure then that you would be coming.” Jeanette gave her a sad look.
“I wouldn’t know what to say.  She had cut me out of her life, anyway,” Gracie said, looking down into her coffee.
“She loved you, Gracie.  She was angry.  She ranted and raved for a couple of months, but after that, she seemed depressed.  I think she was really sorry about it all.”
“Well, she could have called.  She could have told me if she was sorry, but she didn’t.”
“She was so proud, Gracie.  You know that.  I think she thought that you would call.”
“I thought about it a hundred times, Jeanette, but I always chickened out.  I just couldn’t handle the thought of being rejected again.  She was so hateful and mean that day.  It was like she hated me.  Why couldn’t she understand that I just wanted to live my own life?  I wanted her to be part of it and be proud of me,” Gracie said, feeling the tears coming back.
“Understanding was not one of Gram’s virtues, Gracie.  She wanted things her way.  She could be mean.  I never had the guts to stand up to her.  It was just easier to do what she wanted.  I kind of admired you for it.  Yeah, I was mad, but maybe I was mad more at myself for not being like you.”
“Well, at least now we can be family again.”
Gracie grabbed their cups and headed to the sink with them.  Then she remembered the lawyer’s letter.  She rinsed out the cups and turned to Jeanette.
“Gram’s lawyer sent me a letter, Jeanette.  I thought it was strange.  He wants to see me privately at his office on Wednesday.  Do you know what it’s about?”
Jeanette looked up surprised.  “No,” she said, “there will be a reading of the will Tuesday afternoon.  I have no idea why he would want to see you after that.”
“Well, I guess I’ll have to wait to find out,” Gracie said.
 
 
 
 
Chapter Three
 
Sitting in the front row of the church, Gracie listened quietly as the minister named off the virtues of the deceased.  Apparently, he hadn’t known Lydia Lawson, Gracie thought to herself.  She had thought that she had gotten over her resentment, but seeing her grandmother lying motionless in her coffin brought all the hurt back full force.  She wanted to yell and scream at the corpse laying there or shake her back to life long enough to give Gracie the closure she deserved.  It was a ludicrous thought, anyway.  Lydia certainly wouldn’t have apologized or admitted to any wrong-doing if she had lived to be a hundred and ten years old.
Tears seeped out of the corner of Gracie’s eyes as she held the hand of her cousin, Jeanette, who was a pillar of strength.  Gracie knew that she would be until it was all over.  Jeanette was like their grandmother that way.  The minister quietly announced one of the young church women who sang ‘Blessed Assurance’ with a low, sweet voice.  Suddenly, Gracie felt like she was suffocating and knew she had to get out of there.  She squeezed Jeanette’s hand and walked quickly down the aisle and out the back double doors.  
The bright sunshine was blinding as she stepped out of the gloomy church.  Gracie sat down on the concrete steps and took a deep breath of fresh air.  She brushed back her dark hair as the light breeze threatened to blow it into her face.  
That last scene with Gram, three years ago kept running through her mind.  Gram was angry when Gracie wanted to move to Little Rock to work for the Ozark Gazette.  It was a great opportunity-her dream job.  They had been talking in the dining-room of Gram’s house.  
“You aren’t going anywhere, young lady! There is no reason that you can’t get on at the local paper.  I simply forbid it.” Lydia waved a veiny hand in the air and turned around, in dismissal.
“No, Gram.  I am going.  I’m leaving Monday.  I can come to visit on weekends.  It isn’t so far,” Gracie said, determined.  She was totally unprepared for the icy glare she got when Lydia turned back to her.
“If you go, don’t bother coming back.  It is obvious that family loyalty means nothing to you.”  Lydia turned and walked into the kitchen.  Gracie had felt the grip of panic overtake her, but she knew she couldn’t give in if she was ever to have a life of her own.  Jeanette was perfectly happy to let Gram control her life for her, but Gracie would never be.
The old-fashioned church bell rang and people began filing out the door.  Gracie jumped up and moved out of the way.  When Jeanette didn’t come out, Gracie went back inside to look for her.  She found her cousin bending over the casket in grief.
Gracie put an arm around Jeanette. “Time to go, honey.  Everyone will be at the house waiting for us.”
“I know.”  Jeanette stood erect and took a deep breath.  She wiped her face with a tissue and gave Gracie a wavering smile.  “Let’s go.”
Gracie let Jeanette go on and she looked down at the shell that had once been her grandmother.  She reached down to straighten the string of pearls around Gram’s neck.  She could feel the hot tears welling up and snuffled as she attempted to control the emotion.  
At that moment, Gram’s head turned.  With eyes closed, the corpse seemed to be glaring into her.  Gracie took a step back in shock and almost stumbled.  Then a rush of air came off of the body and brushed by Gracie, seeming to touch her to the bone.  She glanced down to see goose bumps on her arms.
Looking back to the casket, she saw that Lydia’s head was once again in the original position.  Terrified, Gracie turned and ran out of the chapel room.
*****
That afternoon, the two of them sat grimly at Gram’s dining-room table across from the attorney.  
“Ladies, this won’t take long.  If you are ready, I will read the will,” Humphrey Lowood III said respectfully.
Gracie and Jeanette nodded and he began.
“To my dear, lovely granddaughters, you have been the real joy of my life.  You have both grown into lovely young women - Jeanette, a wonderful mother, and devoted wife, and Gracie, an independent, brilliant young businesswoman.  I couldn’t be more proud.
At first, this will seem strange and unfair to you both, but, Gracie, you will understand shortly.  And darling, please don’t ever think that I held our little quarrel against you.  I knew from the beginning you were right, it was just my stubborn way of wanting to hold on to you too tightly.  I also know that given enough time, we would have made our amends.
Jeanette, I leave my house and the bulk of my money to you, with the understanding that Gracie gets my blue china.  She so loved it as a child.
Gracie, I leave to you, your own legacy.  It is time for you to know the truth. I have written you a letter.  You are to read it, and then you will see our little Humphrey to understand its ramifications.
I wish you both a long and happy life.  Be safe.”
Gracie’s mind was whirling, what did she mean ‘the truth’ and ‘your own legacy’?
“Well, that is all.  I have the paperwork all ready for you to sign, Jeanette.”
Jeanette stood up, shaking.  “I’m not signing anything until I know that Gracie is provided for, as well.”  She looked at Gracie.  “Gracie, I’m not taking all this from you.  It should be shared equally!  If she wasn’t still angry, why would she do this to you?”
Gracie grasped the envelope that the lawyer pushed across the table for her.  It was obvious that the stress of the day was getting to her cousin.
“It’s okay, Jeanette.  I didn’t expect anything when I came here.  Besides, she must have had something else in mind for me.”  Gracie held up the envelope with her name on it, written in Gram’s handwriting.
“Well, I will see you tomorrow, Miss Lawson,” he said and stood up to leave.
“I have to go, too, Grace,” Jeanette told her.  “The sitter will be ready to leave.”
“That’s okay.” Gracie stood and gave Jeanette a hug.  “Maybe, we can all do something together tomorrow afternoon.  We could take the kids somewhere.”
“Bye.”  Jeanette kissed Gracie’s cheek lightly and left the room.
Gracie lingered at the dining-room table and heard the front door shut a few moments later.  She picked up the unopened envelope.
 
 
Chapter Four
 
Now that everyone had gone and the house was quiet, Gracie made herself another cup of coffee and headed to her own bedroom.  She threw the manila envelope onto the bed.
It still surprised her that Gram had kept her room just as it was when she had left.  All of the treasures that she had left behind were still on the shelves; her basketball trophies, her prize awarding photos and her stamp collection.  
Though it was only 5:00 in the evening, Gracie undressed and slipped the nightshirt over her head.  If she didn’t think too hard, she could almost make herself believe that the last five years hadn’t happened.  That she hadn’t yet ventured to Arkansas and virtually ruined her life.  That she hadn’t met Spencer Naughton and let him rip what was left of her to shreds.
Had Gram been right?  Should she have stayed here under the old woman’s thumb?
Gracie piled the pillows at the head of the bed and crawled in.  The smooth sheets still smelled freshly laundered.  It was the first time since she arrived that she actually felt like she was home.  
The ominous yellow envelope still lay on the other end of the bed, out of arm’s reach.  She eyed it as if it were a snake that had climbed into bed with her.  It would be the last she would ever hear from Lydia Lawson.  
She took another sip of her coffee.  What was this all about, anyway?  One more way to humiliate her?  How can you hate someone so much and still love them?  Gracie was unsure whether she was thinking about her feelings toward Gram or Gram’s feelings toward her.  Perhaps they were the same.  The tears that she had resisted all day suddenly came in a rush.  
Half an hour later, eyes sore and puffy, Gracie refreshed her coffee and went back to her bed, intent on opening Pandora’s envelope.  
She picked it up and sat on the side of the bed.  Sitting her cup down on the end table, her hands trembled enough to spill hot drops on her hand.  Cursing softly, she tore the yellow seal open.  
Inside, was a three-page letter and a strange, expensive-looking necklace.  She settled back on the pillows and began to read.
My dear Gracie, 
I hope you don’t hold it against me.  I never really intended to hide the truth from you.  I was waiting for the right time to tell you.  Sometimes, the right time never seems to come.  I’m going to tell you a story, a true one.  
I grew up in a small town in Georgia.  Things were hard back in the fifties and my family had a tough time just putting food on the table.  I was thrilled when I got a job at the Mallory plantation.  It was only a maid’s position, but it would help feed my younger brothers and sister.
The Mallorys had a daughter, Belinda, who ultimately became my best friend.  Edgar, Belinda’s father, was not only strict, but a religious fanatic of the most dangerous kind, as well.  
Belinda fell in love with a farm boy and I helped her sneak out of the house at night to meet him.  It worked for a while, but Edgar caught on to our game.  By that time, Belinda was pregnant.  She and Billy planned to run away and get married.
On the night of their departure, Edgar confronted Belinda and fired me for my interference.  Billy turned up dead.
Of course, they said that it was a farm accident, but Belinda was sure that her father had killed him.  Fearing for the life of her baby, Belinda was set on running away.  I decided that there was nothing left in Georgia for me and went with her.
We wound up working in a bed and breakfast in a town in Nebraska.  We were starting to do well.  The owner was a kind lady.  Then, disaster struck.  Belinda died in childbirth.  I was left with the newborn to care for.  I named her Susan and she became the light of my life.  I never told anyone that Susan wasn’t mine.  To me, she was.  Susan grew up and Mrs. Foster, left the boarding house to me.  We had a comfortable income.  
I was too busy running the business to realize that Susan had become a wild teenager.  Before I knew it, she became pregnant.  The boy in question denied it, of course.  The baby came along.  Another girl.  Susan called her Anne.  
My Susan found out after her pregnancy that she had a heart problem.  I couldn’t believe it.  She was only eighteen years old.  But I lost Susan when Anne was only three years old.
Losing Susan almost did me in.  I went through a breakdown of a sort.  There was a man that I had been seeing for a while and married him.  Joe was a good man and moderately wealthy.  He doted on Anne.  We moved to Maytown, Oklahoma, where he had a little family.  We were married for five years before he died of a massive heart attack.
You know the story from here. I’ve told you about your mother, Anne, many times.  She was a lovely girl, so young to have her life snatched away, as well.  I’m not sure why I was chosen to raise these children, only to have them meet an early death.  Sometimes, I think if only I had done something different, they would have lived.  I hope you can understand now why I was so strict and held on so tightly.  You, my dear, Gracie, are all that is left of Belinda.
I have enclosed Belinda’s ruby necklace.  She would have wanted you to have it.
Your inheritance is waiting for you and your heritage lies in the deep south of Georgia.  I wish you a long, long life and know that you will always be close to my heart.
With deepest affection, 
Gram
 
 
Gracie read through the letter three times.  Her tears from grief had turned into tears of compassion for this poor woman that had lost everyone that she had ever loved.  There was a lot of confusion, though.  Where did Jeanette fit in to this?  If there was an unclaimed inheritance, why didn’t Gracie’s mother or grandmother claim it?  Did Gram never tell them about it?
She refolded the pink stationary and slipped it back into the envelope.  Her fingers wrapped around the heavy necklace and she pulled it out.  It was a large square pendant, intricately carved with an exotic design.  In the center of the silver square was a large red stone.  Was it really a ruby?  It was kind of creepy.  It looked like a red eye.
Gracie put the necklace on, feeling its heaviness on her neck.  It wasn’t something that normal people wear.  She got up and stood in front of the dresser mirror.  It was impressive, but definitely looked wrong against her blue and yellow rosebud nightshirt.  The red ruby did contrast her dark hair nicely, though.  
She took it off and laid it on the dresser top.  Well, she and Jeanette had a lot to talk about in the morning. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter Five
        
After her third cup of coffee, Gracie decided that it was time to call Jeanette.
Her night had been pretty well sleepless.  Gram’s secrets and then, remembering that moment when she had been alone in the chapel were enough to keep her from sleeping for a long time.  Finally, she had convinced herself that the incident in the church had been her own imagination.  
Gracie picked up her phone from the kitchen table and dialed Jeanette.
“Hey, I wondered when you were going to call.  I didn’t want to wake you,” Jeanette said, sounding more cheerful than yesterday.
“I’ve been up for hours,” Gracie admitted.  “I wondered if you could come over for a while.”
“Sure.  Just give me time to take the kids over to the neighbors.  Are you okay, Grace?” 
“I’m okay.  Really.  I just need to talk.” 
“Give me half an hour and, Gracie, I am so glad you’re home.”
“Me, too.”
Gracie hung up and went to dress for the day.  She took her time, knowing that she would have to see the lawyer that afternoon.  She had a hot, cleansing shower and decided on her red skirt and blue top. It was dressy enough without overdoing it.  She looked at her reflection in the mirror and might have been happy with it if it weren’t for the ever-present black mole on her left ear lobe.  She redressed her hair, covering her ears this time and gave herself a semi-approving look.
Jeanette arrived just as she was finishing up.  Gracie met her in the living-room with a light hug.
“I have been worried about you all night, Grace,” Jeanette said, in her best big sister voice.
“I’m fine.  I just wanted you to read this.” Gracie handed her Gram’s letter.  “I’ll get some coffee, then we can talk about it.”
Jeanette dropped to the couch, her blonde curls bobbing with the motion.
Gracie went to the kitchen to leave her alone.  She made a fresh pot of coffee and heated some cinnamon rolls that were brought by one of the church ladies.
She was sitting at the bar, nibbling on a roll when Jeanette walked in.  She didn’t say anything until she had her coffee and roll in hand.
“So, what do you think the inheritance will consist of?” Jeanette asked finally, seating herself at the other end of the counter.
“I don’t know.  Gram didn’t say.” Gracie took another bite. 
“Well, maybe it is some money.  I don’t know what your living situation is, but money is always good.”  She reached for the sugar canister.
“It’s not been too good, lately,” Gracie said, keeping her eyes on the roll.
“You aren’t the top dog at the Gazette?” Jeanette teased, lightly.
Gracie sighed.  “I’m not working at the Gazette.  I never did.”
“What?” Jeanette looked at her sharply.
“I spent all that money to move there and the position was given to someone else.  I-uh didn’t get the time right on the job interview,” Gracie said sheepishly.
“Gracie!  Have you been out there that whole time with nothing?” Jeanette asked worriedly, thankfully sparing Gracie another lecture on responsibility.
“No.  I went to work for a psychologist.  It’s a secretarial position.  Nothing much, but it has got me by.” No way was she going to tell Jeanette about the waitressing.
“Maybe you should just come back home.  You can stay here as long as you need to.  I’m sure that they would be glad to have you at the local paper,” Jeanette said, already making plans.
“You don’t know how many times I’ve almost run home.  I wouldn’t admit failure when Gram was alive and I won’t do it now.” Gracie slid off the bar stool and took her plate to the sink.  “You should move in here, Jeanette.  You would have so much more space.”
“I was thinking about that last night.  Maybe, I’ll talk to Jim about it,” she said, then changing the subject, “It is so weird to find out we aren’t related at all.”
“That is one thing I couldn’t figure.  Where did you come in to all this?”
“Gram explained that to me a couple of years ago.  I am Gram’s great-niece.  You remember the story of how my mother, Sophie, came here with me when I was small, then died of cancer?  Sophie was Gram’s sister’s child.”  
“Oh,” Gracie said, slightly confused, then more brightly, “So what if we aren’t cousins?  We are sisters by love and circumstance.”  Gracie gave Jeanette a wink.
“Yes, we are!  I hope you stay for a few days, Grace.  I was hoping to get to visit.”  Jeanette gave her a hopeful look, her bright blue eyes pleading.
“Sure.  Though, I need to get back to work soon.” Very soon, Gracie thought, or I’ll really be in the poor house.  She really would love to spend some time with Jeanette and her kids.  She missed having family around.
*****
That afternoon, Gracie once again sat across from the blond lawyer and his untidy office desk.
“Hello, Miss Lawson.  I assume that the contents of that envelope made things a little clearer to you.” The small man leant back in his chair and looked at her intently.
“Well, only that there is an inheritance of some kind from my great-grandmother.” Gracie absently fiddled with her earring.
“Yes.  There is an account already set up at the Maytown Bank of Commerce in your name.  Of course, you can transfer the funds anywhere you wish as soon as you go in and sign their paperwork.  Also, there is the matter of the plantation.  Here is the deed.”
“So, I’ve inherited some money along with the plantation house?” Gracie asked.
“Correct,” he said, looking irritated at her interruption, and continued. “It looks like it has been looked after by a grounds keeper.  You will have to see him for the key.  Now, if you would just sign these documents to show that I have given you all the paperwork, our business is finished.”  
He is certainly in a hurry, Gracie thought, as she signed the papers.  Probably late for an afternoon golf game.   
“It has been a pleasure, Miss Lawson.”  He stood and offered her his hand.  She shook it, still in a state of bewilderment.  He turned away in dismissal.
Gracie left the office, not much more enlightened than she had been when she walked in.  Well, I’ll find out at the bank, she supposed.
 
Chapter Six
        
Gracie sat trembling in the car in the bank parking lot.  She was in no condition to drive as yet and just sat staring out of the window.  She had asked the clerk three times if there was some mistake.  The woman just chuckled and assured her that there wasn’t.  The account had been set up ten years ago in the name of Gracie Renee’ Lawson.  Ten years ago!  How?  None of it made any sense at all.  Gracie knew little of how things were done in the legal process, but something just wasn’t right about this.
Finally, recovering, she picked up her cell phone and dialed Jeanette.  
“Hi,” Jeanette answered cheerfully.
“Twelve million dollars.” It was all Gracie could say.
“Twelve million dollars?  Oh, my gosh!  Gracie, really?”
“And the plantation in Georgia.”
“Wow!”
“Something is off about it, Jeanette.  The account was opened in my name ten years ago.  Why would Gram wait until now to tell me about it?”
“I don’t know, Grace.  Gram was a secretive person.  She told you more in that letter than she had all the years raising us.  What are you going to do now?”
“Well, I don’t really know.”
“Well, I know.  I’ve seen your wardrobe, dear.  We should go shopping and have some fun.  Spend a few days with us and mull it all over.  We both deserve a chance to get to know each other again.”
“That sounds like as good a plan as any.” Gracie smiled. “Let’s go shopping!”
She hung up from Jeanette, grinning from ear to ear.  
*****
The next day, the two were sitting at the mall food court having lunch.  
“I think I have enough clothes, now,” Gracie said, looking at all the bags around them.  “I love that pink sweater you bought.”
“You’ve barely bought anything,” Jeanette objected. “I’m shopping while you watch.”
“Not true.  I bought that cream skirt and blue blouse.  The pumps, too,” she said and took a bite out of her burger.
“You wouldn’t have if I hadn’t practically forced you.  Anyhow, I think we should buy you a car.  You don’t want to pay for a rental to drive all the way to Georgia.”
“I haven’t said I was going to Georgia.” Gracie looked up, surprised.
“Of course, you will.  You have to at least decide what you are going to do with the plantation.  Who knows?  You might want to stay and play Scarlett O’Hara.”
Gracie watched Jeanette dip a French fry in her cup of cheese.  “There is a house.  I’ve always wanted to have a house of my own.  I need to go there.  Gram left a lot of unanswered questions.  After that, I don’t know.”
“Well, you have a life in Arkansas,” Jeanette observed.
“Yeah.” A life of drudgery and stress. “Nothing really to hold me there.” 
“No guy in your life?”
“Nope.” Gracie smiled, thinking about how great it would feel to call Spencer and quit her job.  
“Awfully happy about that,” Jeanette said, curious.
Gracie explained about her relationship with Spencer.
“Well, you are better off without him.”
“I’m going to quit.  I can surely find something better.” She nodded, drinking the last of her soda.
“You don’t even have to work at all if you don’t want to,” Jeanette reminded her.  “You are free as a bird.  No man to tie you down.  Do what you have to for yourself, Gracie.” 
Gracie took a closer look at Jeanette.  Was there a little jealousy in that statement?  “I thought you were happy, Jeanette,” she said, deciding that there was indeed a little bitterness in her cousin’s expression.
“Oh, I am, really.  I love Jim and the kids.  It’s just that he is gone so much and I feel alone.  Sometimes, I wish that I had been more like you.  Silly, really.” She gave Gracie a wavering smile.
“Not silly at all, Jeanette.  I’m sorry.” 
*****
For the rest of the day, they threw off their troubles.  Gracie bought a small used blue Honda hatchback, resisting Jeanette’s efforts to steer her toward a brand new cherry red Jaguar.
That week they took the kids bowling, shopping, and on a picnic at the park.  It was the first time Gracie had got to spend real time with the children.  Three-year-old Jasper had his mother’s blond curls and sparkling blue eyes.  Aubrey, at five, looked more like their father with brown hair and brown eyes.   Gracie melted every time they called her ‘Aunt Gracie’.  It was a new feeling.  One she could sure get used to.
*****
By the end of the week, Gracie knew it was time to go.  She didn’t know what would be waiting for her in Swanson, Georgia, but she couldn’t put it off any longer.  
That Friday, she packed her things in her new little car and said a tearful goodbye to Jeanette and the kids.  
 
Chapter Seven
 
As Gracie neared the small town of Swanson Georgia, she felt a new sense of purpose fill her being.  No matter what awaited her there, she was leaving her past behind.  She was shrugging it off like a shroud.  
Feeling carefree and happy for the first time she could even remember, she passed the city limit sign: Swanson, population 2,003.  Interesting number, she thought, as she came into town.  Not exactly a metropolis, but it sure was pretty.  Neat little blocks with colorful houses, separated occasionally by a wooden fence.  It was very picturesque with lots of pretty green trees and mowed lawns and flowers.  May was beautiful in this part of the country.  
The road took her to the town square, which was surrounded by brick streets and little shops.  She figured that she might as well get to know the town a little.  She had thought a lot about it during the trip.  If the house looked even a little livable, she was going to stay.  Heck, she had enough money to rebuild it if she had to.  Swanson was going to be her new home. A fresh start was just what she needed.
Gracie pulled into a parking space near the corner of the square.  She had a whole day to waste.  She wasn’t due to meet the caretaker at the plantation until the next morning.  
She enjoyed visiting the shops and milled around until lunch time.  Gracie decided to stop at a little cafe on the corner of the square.  It was a quaint little place that seemed to suit the small town perfectly.  She went in and sat at a table near the front windows.  A chubby waitress in a blue gingham dress came over and handed Gracie a menu.
“We don’t get many strangers in town,” she said, looking at Gracie enquiringly. “Just passin’ through?”
Coming from a small town herself, Gracie knew a town gossip when she saw one.  Still, she liked the blonde’s bubbly smile and saw no harm in telling the truth.
“Actually, I’m not sure.  I’ve come to look over some property.”
“Oh, really?  Not many people move in.  They tend to move away.  But if you’re interested, Brett Galeman has some nice houses for sale.  Does all the renovations himself.  Does a beautiful job, too.” The woman gave her a dimpled smile.
“Well,” Gracie said, smiling back, “I’m not really in the market to buy.  I’ve inherited a property that I came here to check out.”
“Oh, well, too bad for Brett.  What property is that, honey?  Might be able to tell you some about it.” 
Gracie recognized this as a ploy to get information, but what the heck?  They would all know soon enough, anyway.  
“The Mallory plantation,” she told the woman matter-of-factly.
The woman lost her smile and looked shocked.  “Did you say the Mallory plantation?”
“Yes, I did,” Gracie said, amused at the woman’s flustered expression.
“You inherited the Mallory plantation,” the woman said dumbly.
“Yes.  Sounds like you do know a little about it,” Gracie prodded this time.
“Uh, yeah.  There have been books written about that place.  You should check out the city museum.  Oh, my God!  If you inherited the place, then you have to be related to the Mallorys.”  The woman was practically gleeful.
“Yes, I am a descendent,” Gracie said.  “May I order now?”
“Oh, of course, dear.  I am just beside myself with this news.  What’ll ya have?” she asked, as she fumbled with the order pad in her apron pocket.
“How about the pancake platter?  That sounds great,” Gracie said.  She was sure that she would get it cold while the waitress made fifteen calls from her cell phone to tell the news of her arrival.
The waitress almost snatched the menu out of her hand and ran toward the kitchen.  Gracie couldn’t help chuckling.  
An old man in green overalls walked cautiously toward Gracie’s table.  He was tall and thin.  He gestured with a frail hand “Ma’am, excuse me, but did I hear ya right?  You goin’ out to the plantation?”
“Well, yes, sir.” Gracie thought this a little odd. “Though I don’t know the way exactly.  I was to meet the caretaker in the morning, but would like to have a look this afternoon.”
“I live out that way.  I don’t mind waitin’ if you want to follow me.  I pass it on the way home.” The old gentleman gave her a concerned look.
“Really, that is very kind.  I would appreciate it, Mr...” People were certainly friendly enough here.
“Name’s Grandy, Ma’am.  Art Grandy.  I need to go on over to the feed store.  Be back to get ya,” he said and walked out the door.
Fifteen minutes later, the waitress was back with Gracie’s plate.  She set the plate in front of her and then just stood there.
“Umm, do you know Mr. Grandy?” Gracie asked, not knowing what to say.
“Sure, Art is an old sweetie.  He lives up the road from the plantation.  He and his wife, Meredith.  They are good people.  I’m Mary Joe Campbell, by the way.  I hope you are a return customer.” Mary Joe moved away from her table.  Her attention was diverted by a couple who needed to be waited on.
*****
Gracie had finished and was ready to leave when Mr. Grandy returned.
“Just follow me and I’ll point out the drive for you,” he said, getting into his truck.
Gracie got into her car and obediently followed him out of town.  About three miles out, Mr. Grandy slowed and pointed out the drive to the plantation.  Gracie waved at him and he went on.  Gracie followed the drive for some time before she saw the house.  She was completely in awe of just the size of it.
The house had a wide front porch with great, round pillars that reached past the second level.  It looked like it could fill half a city block.  Surely, it wasn’t as big as it looked.
When she got closer, she noticed a blue Ford pick-up sitting in the circle drive in front of the house.  She parked next to it and got out.  A man got out of the truck, as well.
Gracie looked at him curiously as he approached her.  He was well over six feet with short blond hair.  He wore jeans and boots.  Momentarily, she wondered where the cowboy hat was.
“Hello, Ma’am.  Hope you don’t mind, but Art gave me a call.  He was worried about you goin’ in there alone.   Could be all kinds of structure damage.  'Name’s Brett Galeman.”  The southern drawl was strong.
“That’s very nice, Mr. Galeman, for you to take the time out of your day to help a stranger,” Gracie observed suspiciously.
“No, trouble.  You see, I’m the caretaker here since Art was getting a little up in years.  I’m awful curious about this place.  Would sure like to see the inside.”
“Oh.  Well, I apologize.  I know we were supposed to meet in the morning.  I just couldn’t wait to get a look.  You haven’t been inside?” Gracie said, thinking it was odd when he had the keys.
“Nope.  Art didn’t want anyone in there.  I do have the keys, though.” He held them out to her.
“Well, let’s go inside,” she said, “I’m Gracie Lawson, by the way.” She held out her hand.
“Good to meet you, Miss Lawson.”  He gave her a grin as he shook her hand and they walked onto the great front porch. 
 
 
Chapter Eight
 
Gracie wasn’t really sure about trusting a male stranger in such a remote place, but he seemed pleasant enough; quite attractive to be sure.  
She put the key into the front door lock, but it didn’t want to turn.  Mr. Galeman tried as well, but to no avail.  Then he sauntered back down the steps to his truck and pulled out a can of oil out of his tool box.  It did the trick and the door opened.  
They walked through and both stood inside the entrance gawking into the darkness.  They had entered a large entryway.  On one side of the room was a huge curved staircase, but it was too dark inside to see much else.  All the windows had been boarded up.  
“I’ll go uncover a couple of windows so we can see,” Brett said and left the room.  A few minutes later, sun streamed in through the front window, lighting the whole room.  The marble floor was covered in dust and the chandeliers, with cobwebs, but nothing could hide the beauty of it.  In the alcove under the stairs stood a baby grand piano.  The walls were covered in portraits, presumably of long dead Mallorys.
“This is amazing!”  Brett said from the door, taking it all in.
“It is, isn’t it?  It’s like the people just stepped out.  Nothing was packed away, covered, or anything.” Gracie walked further into the room.
“I don’t know much about the family, only that there are many stories.  This place dates back to the early eighteen hundreds, way before the civil war. It seems in good condition considering.”
It certainly did, though all the windows would have to be opened before they could really see the rest of the house.  
“Well, I guess, I’ll have to get someone in here to help open it all up and inspect for structure damage.  Looks like it might take an army to just clean this place,” Gracie said, feeling disappointed.  This wasn’t a home.  It was a museum.  No way could she live here.  It would take forever just to renovate it.
“I could have my crew down here in a week or so,” Brett said.
“Oh, I didn’t know you were a contractor.”
“I’m not so much anymore.  I own a construction company in Atlanta,” he said.
“Well, I’m not real sure how much to invest just yet.  This place is so big!  I don’t know what I’m going to do with it.  But I should at least make sure the structure is safe.  I want to be able to see what I can find in here about the family and the history of the place.  If you are willing, you could give me an estimate on what it would take to renovate it.  Though I’m not sure yet that that is what I want to do.  It might be smarter to sell it.”
“I guess that I assumed that was why you were coming here.  To sell it, I mean.”
“That wasn’t my original plan.  I knew there was a house, but I didn’t even think about this.  I’ve seen smaller shopping malls.”
“There has to be thousands of dollars’ worth of antiques in here.” Brett picked up a brass lamp and blew the dust off.
“Yeah.  Just what I need.  More money.” Gracie felt tears welling up.  She had really pinned her hopes on making her home here.  She turned quickly back to the door, so he wouldn’t see.  “What use is a run-down mansion?  It is too far out of town for a museum.  Too big to live in.”   
“You expected to live here?” He turned to watch her go out the door.  He followed her onto the porch.
Gracie sat down on the top step.  What was she going to do now? 
“You know, if it is just a house you want, I’ve got a dozen for sale.”  He sat down beside her.
“I’m not looking for just a house, Mr. Galeman.  I wanted a home.  Somewhere I felt a connection.  I’m sorry.” Gracie wiped the tears out of her eyes.  “You probably think I’m crazy.”  
“Hey, I don’t think you’re crazy.”  He looked over at her and thought for a moment.  “Do you have any plans?  I’ve got something I would like to show you.  You know, there is no such thing as ‘just a house.  They are all homes.”
She knew he wanted to show her a house.  “This is not a home,” she argued, looking over her shoulder at the mansion.
“Sure it is.  Just a little big for one person.  Come on.  I have something that I haven’t shown anybody just yet.  I think it’s pretty special.”  He stood and held out his hand to help her up.
She locked the door and then followed him back to town.
*****
His house was just on the edge of town.  Gracie fell in love with it immediately.  It was a large cottage house.   All the rooms were big, yet not to the point that they were uncomfortable for just one person.  There were two large bedrooms downstairs, one that would be perfect for an office; three more bedrooms upstairs, the master with its own bathroom.  Gracie noticed that Brett had put a lot of detail into the work.  The woodwork in the living-room was hand-carved with an intricate design all the way through.
“Did you do the carving yourself?” she asked him, as she ran her fingers over the wood trim.
“Yep.  Even the cabinet doors,” he said, obviously proud of his work.
“It is beautiful.  I really love your house!” she said, and smiled at him. “So what are the people like around here?”
“Oh, same as most small towns, I guess.  I like it.  As long as you don’t mind everyone knowing your business, it’s the best place in the world.” He grinned back.              
She said, “I would like to see the back yard.”  The back door opened onto a pretty brick patio.  There were several shade trees along with a few flower beds.  The large yard was fenced in with a charming arched gate entry.
“So, what do you think?” He came up behind her, startling her for a moment.  She was entranced with the fresh spring smell of flowers on the light breeze.
“I think it is beautiful.  Why do I feel that there is something very personal about this house to you?”  She turned to look at him.
“Well, actually, I had planned to keep this one to live in,” he admitted.
“So, why are you showing it to me, then?” Gracie asked, confused.
“Why don’t we go down to the café?  I’ll buy you dinner – a business dinner that is.” He gave her a wink.
She eyed him suspiciously, but she wanted this house.  
        
 
Chapter Nine
 
Gracie felt a little self-conscious sitting across from Mr. Galeman in the café.  They had at least a dozen set of eyes on them.  
“The chili burger is pretty amazing,” he told her.  
Gracie wasn’t really hungry, but ordered a salad to pacify him.
As soon as they ordered, he started talking.  “I have a thought about the plantation.  Really, it is more than a thought.  I’ve spent years thinking about it.” He hesitated as if he wasn’t sure he wanted to share it.
“Go on,” Gracie prodded.
“Well, a retirement home.  It is the perfect size and not too far from town.”
“You mean like a nursing home?” 
“No.  I’m thinking about the elderly, but those that can pretty well care for themselves, but don’t want to live alone.  There are people that love the country life.  It could be almost like a resort.  Put in a swimming pool and hot tubs.  There is plenty of garden space.” He looked at her excitedly.
“Wouldn’t something like that take a lot of money?” 
“It would, but I think it would make enough to keep itself going after the initial investment.  When it comes to the renovation, I happen to know a guy who knows a guy.” He grinned, his blue eyes sparkling.
“So, what exactly are you proposing?” Gracie asked, trying not to let his charming grin over-ride her good sense.
“You want to stay here.  We are both attached to that plantation.  I’m suggesting a partnership.  I would trade my lovely cottage house for my half of the plantation.  The contents of the plantation house, excluded, of course.”
“Wait, wait, wait.” Gracie looked him in the eye.  “Your house has to be worth more than that.  Honestly, I know nothing about what real estate is worth, but it seems to me that you’d be getting the short end of the stick.”
“Oh, not at all.  You have to realize the historical value of the plantation house.  If you don’t believe me, talk to Henry Link.  He’s the realtor in town.”
The waitress brought the food.  Gracie saw that it was a brunette this time.  She gave Gracie a friendly smile as she sat her salad in front of her.
They ate in silence while Gracie thought about his proposal.  What did she have to lose?  Nothing, except for the fact that she knew nothing about running such a business.  It did sound like a perfect idea for the old place, though.  It would be fun, maybe, and give her something to do.
“You know, if you decide you want out at any time, I could buy you out, entirely.  It would be nice to have a partner, though.  I can’t do it all by myself and it will need a woman’s touch to the interior,” Mr. Galeman said and took another bite out of his burger.
“Mr. Galeman, I know absolutely nothing about running such a business,” Gracie admitted.
“Call me Brett.  And that makes two of us, but I happen to know a woman that could run any kind of business.  She is utterly remarkable with figures and could be our manager.”
“Really?” 
“Yep.  We could do all the fun stuff and leave the book-keeping to her.  If you agree, of course.” 
“Fun stuff?  What is going to be fun?” Gracie asked, amused.
“What isn’t going to be fun?  We get to design and decorate the place,” Brett said.
“What about after that?  The running of the business part?” 
“We will simply split up the duties and hire people to do what we don’t know how to.”
“In other words, you have no idea,” Gracie smirked.
“Well, we have to take some things on faith, right?”
“Okay,” Gracie said, knowing that Jeanette would lecture her later.
“Okay?” Brett said, looking at her in astonishment.
“Okay.” Gracie nodded.  “We can go get the legal documents drawn up in the morning.  Are you sure that I’m not breaking your heart by taking your cottage?”
“Oh, I can pick up another house like that one to redo.  I’m not happy unless I’m renovating something.” He nodded in assurance.
Gracie decided to have a talk with that realtor.  She wanted to be sure that she wasn’t cheating Brett in some way.
*****
“Gracie! You don’t make life-altering decisions in one day,” Jeanette said loud enough that Gracie had to move the phone away from her ear.
“Why not?  If it’s the right one.  You should see my new house.  It’s gorgeous!”  She sat on the edge of the bed in her cheap motel room and took off her shoes.  “For the first time, I will have a real home of my very own.  I can’t wait for you and the kids to visit.”
“You should at least have someone check out the electric and the plumbing.” 
“Why are you always so suspicious?  Don’t worry. I’ll make sure the paperwork is on the up and up.”  She propped up the pillows and lay back on the head of the bed.  
“I just want you to remember Spencer.  That was a good deal, too, in the beginning.” 
“Well, I’m not involved with Brett.  Not everyone is like Spencer,” Gracie said, bothered by the comparison. 
“Just be careful, Grace,” Jeanette said.  “Gotta go.  Love you.”
“Love you, too, sis.” Gracie hung up and closed her eyes.  Life was so much simpler when she didn’t have family.  And lonely, she reminded herself chidingly.
Chapter Ten
 
The next morning, Gracie got up early and dressed quickly.  It occurred to her that Brett had had years to study the plantation grounds.  She wanted another look on her own.  She wasn’t due to meet Brett at the lawyer’s office until ten.  That gave her a few hours.  
The sun was barely up as she pulled in the drive at the plantation.  It was really lovely even in the state of deterioration.  Everything was green.  The grass had been recently cut and the scent was on the air as she rolled down the window.  
She pulled her car up in front of the house and got out.  She walked around the house and found an old brick patio.  She could see where there used to be a garden, the old fencing was still there.  In her mind’s eye, she could imagine a nice pool out here and a few patio tables.  A flower garden could be replanted and maybe even a vegetable garden.  
The old carriage house caught her eye and she made her way toward it.  It was a solid brick structure.  The door swung open as she gave it a tug.  To her surprise, there were two cars inside.  Apparently, it had been used in later years as a garage.  Behind the cars, there was an old pick-up truck.  It sure was a large building.  It somehow hadn’t seemed that big from the outside.  
Gracie made her way deep into the building and the only light came from the open door.  She was intent on inspecting the truck that looked like it might have been from the 1940s when the light suddenly dimmed.
She turned instinctively toward the big door.  It was about half closed.  The wind must have blown it.  She made her way back around the vehicles just in time to see it slam shut, leaving her in almost complete darkness.  She felt her way to the door.  She could see the light seeping in around the edges as she approached.  She put out her hand to push it open, but try as she might, it stayed firmly shut.
Tamping down the panic that was rising inside, Gracie tried to remember if there was a latch on the outside or if the door could simply be stuck.  She didn’t remember a lock.  She had easily pulled the door open, though she might not have noticed since it was unlocked.  
That was when the noises began.  At first, it seemed like the rustling of small animals.  Perhaps mice or squirrels.  She turned around, but could barely make out the silhouettes of the cars.  As the sounds grew louder, Gracie stood frozen in fear.  A loud metal clang made her jump and she started to bang on the wooden door, shouting for help.  All bravery had flown.   Then it got deathly quiet and Gracie could feel someone behind her.  When a cool hand curled itself around her bare arm, she began to scream.  As if startled, the hand released her suddenly, and the door sprung open wide.
Gracie ran across the property to her car and left, frantic to get away.  
By the time she had got back to the motel and changed for the meeting, she had decided that she had just been silly.  The wind had sucked the door closed and she had let her imagination get the better of her.
*****
Gracie was thrilled to her toes as she got the keys to her new home and the deed in her hand.  She had spoken to the realtor that morning and was assured that she had made a good deal.  All I need now is a couch, she thought amused.
She spent the afternoon shopping for household items.  She realized that it was hard to be thrifty when she was starting over with nothing, but, at least, she would only have to buy most of this once.   
She was in the house putting things away when the doorbell rang.  Wow, she hadn’t even known that she had a doorbell.  She went to the door and opened it.  A little group of old ladies were there bearing casserole dishes.
“We wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood,” one portly little woman said. She was obviously the leader of the group.
“Well, please, come in,” Gracie told them and held the door for them.  “I’m sorry the furniture hasn’t been delivered yet.”
“Oh, we know, dear.  It will be this afternoon,” said a tall slender lady.  
“Well, why don’t we all go in the kitchen, so you can at least set those down?” Gracie said, amused that they knew about the furniture.
They all followed her to the kitchen and set their dishes on the counter.
“I’m Gracie Lawson.” Grace reached out to shake their hands.
“Very good to meet you, Gracie.  Aren’t you a pretty young thing! I’m Veronica Brewer.  This is Gladys McCarthy, Marilyn Marrs, and Lucy Cowan.  We are your neighbors on this block, but don’t worry there are young people here in Swanson, too.” She laughed.  
Gracie shook hands with each of them, finding them charming.  
“We are also members of the bridge club, the historical society, and St. Lutheran’s church,” Gladys McCarthy said.
“Well, it is lovely of you ladies to visit.  Could I offer you some coffee?” Gracie asked.
“Oh, Rhoda mentioned that you bought one of those new chrome coffee makers!”  Gracie assumed that Rhoda must be the orange-haired store clerk she had seen earlier that day.  She started some coffee and washed some cups while the four watched her new pot perk in awe.  Well, now I know what to give them all next Christmas, she thought, smiling.  She poured each of them a cup as soon as it was finished. 
“Anyone like cream and sugar?” she asked, as she pulled the cream out of the fridge.  She finished preparing and they all stood around the kitchen island marveling at the wonderful flavor of the coffee.  
“Well, as members of the historical society, we are certainly interested in your connection to the plantation,” Mrs. Brewer said.
“Well, it seems that Belinda Mallory was my great-grandmother,” Gracie told them.  “I really don’t know much about the history of the family or the plantation.  I only recently found out about the inheritance myself.”
“So you truly own the plantation?” Gladys asked.
“I do, but now I co-own it.  I traded half of the plantation to Brett Galeman for this house,” Gracie admitted.  “We are thinking to make it into a nice retirement home.”
“Well, I don’t think there is anyone here that would be brave enough to enter it.  It is haunted, you know.  There have been fifty-two deaths on that property.  A lot of them were reported to be murdered.”
“Gladys, let’s not scare the girl!” admonished Veronica.
“Well, she will find out soon enough on her own.  It’s not fair not to warn her,” Gladys retorted.
“Well, I want to learn the history,” Gracie said.
“Well, you should talk to Maria Scully, down at the library.  She runs the museum, as well.  She has written several books about the plantation.  I hope you don’t mind.  Everyone had thought that the family had died out.  I’m sure she didn’t know to get permission,” Veronica said.
“Well, I don’t really mind.  So long as she used facts and not rumors,” Gracie said.
“Oh, Maria is a stickler for that!   She is very professional.” 
“Well, after I am settled, perhaps I can make an appointment with Ms. Scully.  It is lunch time.  Would you ladies share all this lovely food with me?  You brought so much for one person.”
“Oh, no, dear.  You enjoy it.  We have to be going, it’s almost time for bridge.  But thank you for the delicious coffee and welcome to town.  It is so lovely to have young people move here.”  Veronica moved toward the kitchen door.  The other ladies followed her like a trail of baby ducks.  Gracie followed the procession and waved them off.  They were so cute, delightful, really.  Gracie knew that she was going to love this town!
Chapter Eleven
        
Gracie called and arranged an appointment with Maria Scully.  Ms. Scully seemed genuinely delighted to share information and suggested that she come by Gracie’s house that afternoon.  
Gracie’s internet was turned on that morning as well, so she decided to check the web for information on the Mallory plantation.  
She was shocked at how much information there was.  There was general information about the property, what year it was built, architecture and so on.  Then the ghost sightings!  And Ms. Scully was not the first to write a book.  There were at least five others - three on the paranormal events on the property.   There were pictures of the plantation taken in the forties and fifties and pictures of family members, as well.  The Mallory plantation had withstood a great many tragedies, including the civil war.  There was a lot of information, but most of it was centered on those who died with strange happenings surrounding their death.
When Gracie saw Ms. Scully’s site, she clicked on it.  It was much different.  It was factual and definitely more realistic.  It gave a list of the Mallory family, the dates of births and deaths.  Gracie only recognized two names on the list, Edgar and Belinda.  Oh, my! It was listed that Belinda died in 1951.  Well, someone must have known the truth or Gracie wouldn’t have inherited the Mallory fortune.  
Could Edgar have been so quiet about leaving his will that no one had suspected?  That seemed unbelievable in this town, especially considering the public eye on the plantation.  There must have been some servants in the house.  It sure didn’t stand to reason that no one knew that Belinda left that night.  Someone would have seen her.
There may be some elders in town that remember it.  They might have their own story to tell.  She also wondered who Edgar’s attorney was.  Possibly from a neighboring city, perhaps Atlanta.  If he wanted to keep it quiet that his daughter was alive, anyway.  And exactly who was Billy?  Gram didn’t give a last name to her great-grandfather.  She could still have family here, even if it was distant.  She would like to know. 
*****
 
Gracie decided to make a run to the grocery store before Ms. Scully arrived.  She usually required little, but she realized that she had nothing in the house suitable to offer guests.  
She was in the aisle at the town’s only grocery store, looking at the display of goods.  She chose a package of shortbread cookies, cheese, and wheat crackers.  She was browsing through the herbal tea selection when she heard a voice behind her.
“Oh, hello, Miss Lawson.”  
Gracie turned to see the blond waitress from the café.  “Oh, hello.  Mary Joe, isn’t it?”
“You remembered!” She gave Gracie a huge grin. “I heard you bought a house from Brett, after all.  It’s nice that you decided to stay.”
“Thank you.  Swanson seems like a lovely little town.” 
“Oh, for sure.  I’ve lived here forever.  Do you have time to go for lunch?  The drug store serves the most scrumptious little sandwiches.”
“That sounds great!” Gracie returned her smile.  She half expected the woman to clap her hands and jump up and down.  Her exuberance was appealing.  “And, please, call me Gracie.”
Mary Joe followed her to the check-out, chattering all the way.
*****
 
Lunch proved to be very enlightening.  Mary Joe was quite a fount of information.  Nothing about the plantation, but a lot about the town’s people.  And surprisingly, nothing negative.  Seemingly, Mary Joe only relayed good gossip.  Gracie also learned that her new friend had a six-year-old son that she adored.  
Sitting at the counter at the drugstore, eating sandwiches and drinking old-fashioned milk-shakes had its own charm.  She was having such a nice time that she nearly forgot her appointment with Ms. Scully.
“Oh, no.  I really have to go,” Gracie told Mary Joe reluctantly.  She hopped down from the barstool and slipped some bills under the empty plate.  “Thank you so much.  It was nice.”  She gave her companion a smile.
“It was fun, wasn’t it?  Maybe, we can do it again.  I’m off on Tuesday if you would like to go shopping or something.” 
“That sounds great.  Sorry to run,” Gracie told her, as they quickly exchanged phone numbers.
Gracie barely got home before Ms. Scully arrived.  She heard the car in the drive as she was putting her few groceries away.  She pushed the button on the coffee maker and put the cookies on a plate right before the doorbell rang.
        
                                                        
Chapter Twelve
 
She opened the door and peered down at the little blond woman.  Ms. Scully was much younger than Gracie had expected, maybe in her forties, and dressed nicely in a plaid skirt and pink blouse.  Her short, blond hair made her appear youthful, yet demure.
“Ms. Scully?” Gracie asked and the woman nodded, with a slight smile. “Please come in.”  She led the woman to the living-room and offered her a seat.  “Would you like some coffee?”
“Sure.  That sounds nice.  You have a lovely home.”
“Thanks,” Gracie said and left toward the kitchen.  She came right back with a tray.  She handed the woman a cup and sat the cream and sugar on the coffee table with the plate of cookies.
“I am so glad to finally meet you, Miss Lawson.  The whole town is all aflutter,” she said, with her calm little smile.
“Yes, I have got that impression.  I am glad to meet you, too.  I saw your website,” Gracie told her politely.
“Yes, well, I started that site mostly for the school kids.  They always want to write papers on the plantation; that gives them a little background.” 
“I was curious about one thing in particular, Ms. Scully,” Gracie said.  “It reports that Belinda Mallory died in 1951.  I wondered about the cause of her death.”
“I wondered if you would ask.  Since you are here, it is obvious that the reports of her death were either wrong or fabricated, but since you ask, she supposedly died of a fall down the staircase at the house.  It was accidental, of course.  It fell in line with the ghost stories.  Allegedly, there is a ghost child who pushes people down the stairs.  Would you like me to document the truth?” she asked eagerly.
“You can document the fact that she ran away from home and ended up in Nebraska.  She ran away in 1951 with a friend and died in childbirth not long after.  She left a daughter, Susan.  Susan died in childbirth in 1971, and her husband committed suicide.  Susan’s daughter was my mother, Anne, who died of complications from childbirth a few months after I was born.  That pretty well catches you up.”
“How tragic that they all died so young.  I am sorry,” Ms. Scully said sincerely.
“It is tragic, but I didn’t know any of them.  I didn’t even know of them until my grandmother, or rather the woman I thought was my grandmother, died a few weeks ago.  She left me a letter explaining it all,” Gracie said.
“Sometimes impending death is the easiest time for such confessions,” Ms. Scully soothed.
“Well, Gram had done nothing to feel guilty of.  She simply cared for those that had no one else,” Gracie said, a little irritated by the insinuation.
“Oh, I’m sorry.  Confession was the wrong word to use,” the woman said, instantly contrite.
“It’s all right.  I suppose I’m a little touchy on the subject,” Gracie admitted.
“Well, I brought you a copy of my Mallory file,” she said and pulled out two large, thick folders.  “These contain probably more than you will want to know.  I included the documented hauntings of the property.  I try not to include that in my factual material.  They are a part of the history, nonetheless.  I hope you are not superstitious.  There have been over fifty deaths on the plantation since it was built and those are only the documented ones. Of course, there were slaves’ deaths that most certainly weren’t documented.  It is to be expected considering that it was built in 1820.  Almost two hundred years ago.  Amazing that it still stands.” Ms. Scully sipped her coffee.
“I am most definitely not superstitious.  I think the place could be a lovely home again.  Mr. Galeman and I have discussed making a retirement home out of it,” Gracie told her.
Ms. Scully smiled brightly, “I think that is a lovely idea.  However, I wouldn’t expect many of the locals to be interested.  Still you might get out-of- towners.  After it is open for a few years, the people here may become more receptive.”
“Well, I’m glad we have your support.” Gracie smiled. “Also I have thought that there might be a few items still left that the museum might be interested in.”
“I would appreciate it if you would keep us in mind for donations.”  
“Of course,” Gracie said, “The heritage belongs to the town of Swanson as much as it does to me.”
“It is nice to know you feel that way.  I have a feeling that you are going to be a real asset to this town, Gracie,” she said.
“Thank you.  What a nice compliment,” Gracie told her. “I really like this town.  It feels more like home to me than anywhere else I’ve been.  The people here are lovely.”
“Well, they seem to like you, too.  The bridge club is singing your praises all over town.” She gave a high tinkling laugh.
“I like them, too.  They are so sweet,” Gracie said.
“Everyone was shocked when you bought a house.  It was almost comical the way they went on, talking over each other.”
“Well, I didn’t really expect that either, but when Brett showed me this house, I fell in love with it.  Now, I’m so glad that I did.  I feel like I have a real home now.”
“So when are you going to start on the plantation?”
“Brett is going to have his crew here Monday.  We can’t even see the inside until the windows are uncovered.  If you would like, you are more than welcome to come out to have a look.  Though you might want to wait until we know that the structure is safe, Ms. Scully,” Gracie told her.
“Oh, I would love that!  I’ve been dying to see it for years! And please call me Maria.”
“I would enjoy someone to share it with.  Especially considering your knowledge.  I am really excited.  I do hope there were some good people among my ancestors.  I have a feeling that Edgar wasn’t a nice person at all,” Gracie said thoughtfully.
“There were, of course.  Every family is full of good and bad.  I believe Jameson Mallory, who built the plantation was indeed a good man.  You have some you can be proud of, I promise,” Maria said, and then, “I had better be going.  I have to open the library this afternoon.  If you have any questions, feel free to call me.  I’m available most of the time.” She handed Gracie a business card with her number on it.
Gracie walked her to the door and thanked her again for the files.  She felt that she had made another new friend. 
After Ms. Scully was gone, Gracie eagerly ran back to the table to look at them.  The large folders contained smaller ones that were dated for every ten years.  Gracie took out the one for 1820-1830 and sat down.  
She spent the next several hours poring over the files.  Maria had been right about one thing, there were some of her ancestors that were very good.  Unfortunately, there were those that were not so good.  The worst of them by far was Alfred Mallory, the third son of Jameson.  He cruelly beat the slaves and many of them died from his abuse.  One story included a small child.  He had killed her to teach her parents the lesson that children didn’t belong in the cotton field unless they were old enough to work.  How horrible!
Really, after his thirty-year reign on the plantation, there was peace for a time after his son took over.  Peaceful until the civil war hit.  The Mallory plantation was left alone.  Its remote location protected it from the Yankees.  After the war, a couple of Yankee soldiers happened across the plantation.  The two young daughters of the house, one only seven and the other, twelve, were out playing that day.  They were raped and killed by the soldiers.  Before the two could get off the plantation, they were both shot by Jerome Mallory, himself.  
The plantation changed after the war, but many of the free blacks stayed on for a fair wage and board.  It was about this time that Jerome invested a good amount of money in the railroad.  It proved lucrative and he added a substantial amount to the family fortune.  
During the latter part of that century, the Mallorys turned to horse breeding, as well as cattle.  All seemed well.  There was a couple of accidental deaths in the family and, of course, a lot of natural ones over the years.
Edgar Mallory was born in 1900 and married his wife, Beatrice in 1925.  He was reported to be more private in nature though he was highly religious and was also a deacon in the Catholic Church.  The older he got, the more eccentric and strange he became.  He was excommunicated from the church for his harsh treatment of parishioners.  He was also known for his cruelty to servants in his home.  There were several that disappeared from his service mysteriously.  In 1935, he had a daughter named Belinda.  Belinda died of an accidental death, falling down the front staircase.  Beatrice never got over her daughter’s death and fell ill.  She died in 1953 of her ailment.  Edgar Mallory remained alone in the house with only a few servants left.  He died from a stroke in 1960.  
After that, the house was empty and remained so to this very day.
It was late when Gracie had finished.  She dressed for bed and made herself comfortable on the couch, reminding herself that she really could afford a bed now.  She would have to buy beds for the rooms upstairs if she expected Jeanette to visit.  
Chapter Thirteen
 
Monday morning, the alarm went off at 7:30 am.  Gracie reached out to turn it off, sat up on the couch and stretched.  She grudgingly went to start a pot of coffee and then went upstairs to shower.  She dressed casually in blue jeans and a tank top and pulled her hair into a ponytail.  She was ready to go to work at the plantation.  She slipped on a pair of tennis shoes and ran downstairs in time to pick up her ringing phone.  It was Brett.  Strangely, her heart jumped at the sound of his voice.
"Hey, thought I'd come pick you up in a few if you are ready," he said.
"Yeah, okay.  I'll just grab a couple of muffins for us to eat on the way," she told him.
"Sounds good.  Be there in a minute," he said and hung up.
Gracie quickly poured them each some coffee in to-go mugs, and bagged up four of the apple muffins that she had bought at the bakery downtown on Saturday.
She had just finished when she heard him honk.  She grabbed her bag and balanced the coffee under her chin as she opened the door.  He saw her hands full and immediately got out and grabbed the coffee cups from her.  She ran around the truck and got in.  
"Hi, thanks," he said and took a sip of the coffee.
"Hi," she said, a little too breathless.
"We'll probably be a little early.  It'll give us time to eat real quick before the men get there," he said, as he backed out of the drive and headed toward the plantation.
Gracie sipped her coffee as he drove.  Ten minutes later he pulled into the plantation drive.  There was no sign of anyone yet.  She found herself looking at Brett while they were eating.  His bouncy blond curls seemed childlike.  They didn’t match his manly face.  It made her smile.  What was it about this man that took her breath away?  His skin was roughened by working out in the sun and his nose was rather pronounced.  The vivid blue of his eyes assailed her senses.  She quickly averted her gaze only to make matters worse when her eyes met his muscled arm in his tight t-shirt.  It felt odd being alone in a vehicle with him.  Rather awkward.
After they were finished eating, she said, "We could wait in the house.  There is light enough in the foyer."
"Okay, let's go then," he agreed.  They got out and went to the door.  Gracie unlocked it and they entered.  The early morning light streamed in through the large windows.  
"Wow!  Looks like this room gets the best light in the morning," she said, looking around. She sneezed twice.  "I wonder if some of these windows open."
"Let's see," Brett said and walked across the room.  None of them had screens on them, but two of them did open.  "There sure is a lot of dust in here."  They could see the dust glittering in the sunlight.
"Yeah, sixty years’ worth," Gracie said, running her hand over the fireplace mantle.  Her hand came up black.
"We are going to need help cleaning this place," Brett told her, looking up at the high ceilings.  
"Probably so, but I just don't want anything in here damaged.  We might be able to use some of the authentic decor.  It would be nice, don't you think?" she asked him.
"Yes, it would.  I would bet those chandeliers would clean up.  The tarnished brass should.  What about Bambi?" he asked her mischievously.  The large deer head looked horrid.
"Uh, I think that can go," she told him and laughed.
Just then they heard trucks pull up outside.  "Ah, the reinforcements have arrived," he said and pulled her toward the door.  
There were about a dozen trucks parking along the drive.  Three of the men came forward to speak to Brett.
"Gracie, these are my foremen.  Jack Trainer, Eric Logan, and Mike Williams.  Gracie is the co-owner of the property, but please keep in mind that everything inside belongs to her alone.  A lot of the things in there not only are irreplaceable antiques, but also family heirlooms and historical documents.  Just be careful.  And make sure your teams watch for structure damage.  We want to insure everyone's safety.
Okay, first on the day’s agenda is uncovering every window.  It is pitch black in there until we get sunlight in.  Right now, there is no electricity.  Evidently, modernizing was not important to the last occupants.  We will need to check for a septic system and well water.  We have a long road ahead of us on this one, but it will be worth it.  It is a privilege to get to work on an historical landmark such as this.  Now, chop, chop!" he said and they all laughed good-naturedly and sped into action.
One of the men returned with a stack of flat cardboard boxes.  
"Where do you want these, boss?" the stocky man asked Brett.
"There in the foyer, I guess," he told him and then turned to Gracie, "I had them bring some boxes to pack up all of the loose stuff in there.  I thought that if we boxed and labeled them by room, it would make it easy for you to go through later." She followed him back inside.
"That makes sense," she told him.  "I told Maria Scully that she could come and see the house after we were sure that it is safe enough.  I thought that she might be the proper person to have to help go through all this.  She might know the value of the antiques here.  I also told her that I would donate some things to the museum.  Who do I call to hire some cleaning help?" 
"Well, we had better inspect the whole building first, but there are some places in Atlanta that might come this far.  You could advertise around town, as well.  There might be some that are willing."  He walked into the room and began to unfold boxes and tape the bottom with duct tape.  
Gracie grabbed the first box and walked to the book shelf behind the piano.  She started filling it with music books and papers from the shelf.  She tried to be careful, but several of the books fell apart in her hands.  She decided that there was little she could do about it as she packed the box with the dust-coated books.  On some of the shelves were glass bowls and trophies and valuable china ornaments.
"I am going to need some newspaper or something to wrap the breakables in." 
"We'll just get the non-breakables for now.  We can run into town for lunch and stop by the newspaper office.  I'm sure we can buy all we want in back copies.  By the time we get back, we should be able to explore the bottom floor, anyway," he said, smiling.
"Do you think there is a basement?" she asked him curiously.
He nodded, "Yep.  I could see a few small windows from the back of the house.  Maybe we'll get lucky and find some blueprints for the house in here somewhere.  That would be great!"
Gracie taped the top of the first box.  "We’d better stop and get some markers, too.  I didn't bring anything to label these with." 
He pulled a marker out of his pocket and tossed it to her.  "I came prepared," he said, with a bright smile.
She laughed as she labeled the top of the box.
They worked quickly and had most of the large room boxed up by lunch-time.
She had just finished labeling box number twenty when Brett walked up behind her.  "You look really cute covered in dust," he said mischievously.
"Really?" she asked and grinned at him.  "Well, it's definitely a new look for me."
"It's lunchtime, what do you say we take our dusty selves out to the cafe for lunch?" He reached up and brushed a cobweb from her hair.
"Oh, no, Brett.  I look horrible." She backed away and shook her head emphatically.
"You look great.  Just brush yourself off, no one will notice.  I'm sure some of the guys will be at the cafe, too.  We can see how far they have progressed."  They had heard the noise from the workers coming from various areas of the house.
"Well, maybe I can brush some of the dust out of my hair on the way." 
He chuckled, "Come on." He grabbed her hand and pulled her to the door.
She saw that most of the men were sitting outside eating their lunch, but a few of them were heading to their trucks to leave.
        
Chapter Fourteen
 
The three foremen that Brett had introduced her to that morning shared their table at the cafe.  The four men joked back and forth, while Gracie listened quietly.  
Gracie learned that the bottom floor was indeed all open and half of the second story, as well.  They had seen no real sign of any structure damage, other than the roof.  Apparently, having no plumbing had saved the house from frozen and leaky pipes.  
Gracie’s mind wandered as the guys talked business.  Renovating that huge home and refurnishing it seemed like a daunting task.   Perhaps they would have an estimate by the end of the week, but it would be a long time before the place was finished.  It was exciting, but at the same time, she realized that she had no idea what she was doing.  She felt a little useless to the project.  She could box up and clean.  That was about it.  By the time lunch was over, she realized that she had missed most of the conversation.       
When they returned to the house, the windows were all open and Brett and Gracie explored the bottom floor.  Off the main foyer that they had been working with were four rooms.  They chose to search the left side of the house first.  There was a doorway behind the grand piano; they entered to discover a large parlor.  Filthy drapes framed ceiling to floor windows covering the entire back wall.  It was more of a woman's domain, with peeling, floral wall-paper.  The floor was covered in a rotting elegant area rug.  There was an antique couch and two wooden chairs upholstered with deteriorating tapestry material.  There was a tear drop chandelier in the center of the room, and gas lights in each corner.  The room smelled of dust and mold.  It must have been lovely at one time, though, and could be beautiful again.  A set of French doors graced the center of the windows, leading out to the veranda.    
Gracie's eyes fell on a great antique curio cabinet in the corner.  She walked over to have a look.  The massive cabinet was about four feet wide and a good seven foot tall.  There were trinkets of all kinds inside, all labeled by various countries.  Someone's traveling souvenirs.  Everything from Faberge eggs to Grecian vases.  There were items from all over the world.  It was an impressive collection, probably worth thousands of dollars.  She noticed that one thing was missing, from Istanbul, Turkey.  There was a bare spot where a necklace should have been.  A gold, square-shaped one with a ruby, Gracie wondered.
She turned to find Brett inspecting the wooden molding.  The gold paint had flaked off in places, but it did give the entire room an added elegance.  
They left through another door to the left and it opened into a drawing room.  This room was larger than the last and contained a billiard table, a well-stocked bar, and several high-backed chairs.  It was easy to imagine several cigar-smoking men standing around the room.  
"This would still make a nice recreation room for our retirement home," Gracie told Brett.
"Yes, it would.  That pool table could probably even be refurbished," Brett said seriously.  "Look at that gun collection!"  He walked to the wall on the right hand side.  A large gun cabinet stood with a real arsenal.  There were a dozen rifles and at least that many handguns.  
"Well, none appear to be missing," he said and opened the doors on the bottom of the cabinet.  It contained plenty of ammunition.
"Odd that it isn't locked," Gracie observed.
"The top part is.  You will have to get a key to get in there, or break the glass," Brett said, "Gracie, you would have to get a gunsmith to tell you for sure, but I would bet that some of these date back to the civil war."
"We will have to get an expert in here, anyway, to evaluate a lot of the antiques here.  Maybe Maria Scully could recommend someone."
The next room was a front parlor, similar to the other one.  To the right was a library.  The entire room was lined with shelves filled with books.  In the center was a huge desk, still littered with dust covered, yellow papers.  There were two stuffed chairs in front of the windows facing the front of the house with a small table in between.  Gracie couldn't wait to see what that desk contained.
From there, they came out through the door under the stairs back into the foyer and crossed directly into a formal dining-room.  The huge table seated twenty-two, Gracie counted.  The back wall was decorated with several paintings.  There was a large chandelier in the center over the table.  It looked suitable for royalty, other than the dust and grime.  They went straight through to the other end of the room.  There was a wide door.  Brett opened it and went through.
Gracie followed him into a huge room.  It could only be a real ballroom!  There were tables on one end of the room with chairs stacked on top of them.  It was really beautiful.  The front and the side walls were lined with windows like the other rooms.  The north, interior wall was entirely mirrored other than several doors.  Gracie counted six large chandeliers hanging from the domed ceiling.
Gracie walked across the room and curiously opened the French doors at the back.  It opened into a long sun-room with old wicker furniture.  Long dead plants decorated the room, and a couple of bird cages were on the end of the narrow wall.  She walked through that room to another door that led to the kitchen and a back stairway.  The kitchen was huge.  The ovens were like nothing Gracie had ever seen before.  They covered one entire wall, huge, iron monsters that looked to be fueled by wood.  You would think they would have updated some by 1951, Gracie thought.  There were huge cabinets filled with crystal, china, silverware, napkins.  There were also two food pantries with three old ice boxes.  All the food had, at least, been cleaned out.  Evidently, Edgar didn't care much about modernizing.
The kitchen had a large wooden table and chairs in the center that looked centuries old.  It was a place only inhabited by servants, no special decor here.  It looked more like a sweatshop than a kitchen to Gracie.
That completed the tour of the downstairs.  Brett and Gracie returned once more to the foyer.  The great window above the back balcony had been uncovered.  It was stained glass. It seemed like a coat of arms, the shape of a shield with a golden sword.
"Can we go upstairs, yet?" Gracie wondered.  
“I don't see why not.  We will stay where it is already well lit." Brett said and led her up the front left stairs.  "Be careful, I'll go first and test each step."  He did so and they slowly made their way to the top.  They had apparently opened all the windows on this floor, as well.  They entered a wide hallway.  There were four doors, leading to four different suites on this end of the house.  Gracie chose the first door on the right and went in.  There was a large parlor, three bedrooms, and a study.  Curiously, no bathroom.  But each bedroom contained a chamber pot.  Well, perhaps this suite hadn't been used in more recent years.  Where did they bathe? Gracie wondered.
All four suites were similar -- the last one with only two bedrooms.  They were all full of the last occupants' personal items and clothing.  Gracie felt as if she were invading someone's privacy.  She couldn't tell if any of these rooms were Belinda's.  There was a sun-room similar to the one at the back of the house, in the center front, leading out to the balcony.   The other side of the house contained four suites, as well.  One filled with religious-looking pictures and objects.  It must have been the one Edgar and his wife shared.
There were stairs leading to the third floor on both ends of this one.  Brett went up and Gracie followed.  They could see that not all the windows up here were open yet, but there was enough light coming in.  There was a long, plain hallway with six, almost cell-like rooms.  Servants quarters, Gracie guessed.  All of the rooms were void of personal items and clothing.  They all contained a bed, chest of drawers, a chamber pot and a small set of shelves.
The other side of the third floor appeared to be simple attic space used for storage.  It was filled to the hilt with items of the past; a treasure trove to go through when the time came.
They had explored the entire house except for the basement.
They headed back to the foyer quietly.  They were each lost in their own thoughts.
"Well, there are no bathrooms in this entire house!" Gracie finally said and laughed.
"Yeah, not really unusual, except that the wealthy usually modernized."
"Will it be hard to plumb?" she asked.
"I don't think it will be especially hard.  We will just have to make a blueprint before we will know where to plumb.  That and we will have to get some electricity in here.  You and I will have to sit down and look at it, plan it down to the last letter before we start," he said thoughtfully.
"Well, we’d better see the basement.  Do you have flashlights?" she asked.
Sure, he pulled two out of his tool belt.  The basement stairs were just off the kitchen.  It was pitch black as they descended.  When they got to the bottom, they could see that there were a few small windows letting in a little light.  
They stepped down into a large room with stone walls.  They walked into the room and realized that the basement was made up of a series of rooms.  There were five large rooms.  The floor down here was dirt, though.  The rooms were full of discarded things of all kinds.  Gracie would have to go through all of this stuff, too.  Lord, it would take months to do all this, she thought.
They went back upstairs.  It was 5:00 already and time to go home for the evening.  
 
Chapter Fifteen
 
For the rest of the week, Gracie stayed busy clearing out the bottom floor, room by room and stacking boxes in the ballroom.  Brett helped when he wasn’t busy with overseeing the work crew.  They had already started reroofing.  He hadn’t said anything more about estimates.  She had resisted his urging for her to hire someone to help clearing the house.  She wanted to feel as involved with it as possible.  
She had collapsed on the couch that Friday night and was thinking about dragging her aching body up to soak in the tub in the master bathroom when she heard the doorbell.  
Sighing, she pulled herself up and answered the door.  It was Brett.
“Wow, you look beat!” he said.  “Sorry to bother you.” He cleared his throat as he stepped inside.
“It’s okay.  What can I do for you?” She looked at him curiously.  He must have come directly from the plantation.  He was still covered in dust.
“I heard you say something the other day about needing beds.  I was planning to go into Atlanta tomorrow for supplies.  I thought maybe you might like to ride along.” He looked at Gracie expectantly.  “So you can do your shopping – for beds, I mean.”
Gracie had forgotten about her bed problem.  She was perfectly happy sleeping on the couch.  If Jeanette came out, though, she would definitely need beds.  “That sounds great,” she said gratefully.  
“Good, I’ll be here around ten in the morning, then?” he asked nervously.
“Yeah.  I’ll be ready.  Thank you for thinking of me,” she said awkwardly.  
He left quickly.  Gracie wondered if she had just been asked on a date or just a shopping trip.  He had certainly seemed nervous about it.  Either way, he wanted to spend the day with her.  Closing the door behind him, she felt her heart fluttering.
The warm water relaxed her tensed muscles as she soaked in the tub.  She couldn’t help feeling attracted to Brett, but she reminded herself that she shouldn’t get her hopes up.  Looking over their interaction that week, it did seem that he was subtly flirting with her.  It was likely her imagination.  He was probably just being friendly.  Anyway, she wasn’t going to make the mistake of falling for the first man that came her way – again.  
*****
Neither of them said much on the way to Atlanta.  Gracie realized that it didn’t seem as awkward as she had feared being in such a small space with him as the cab of the truck for the road trip.  It was nice to enjoy the ride and the landscape without a lot of conversation.  
Gracie spent the afternoon at the mall while Brett went to the construction company to take care of business.  At 4:00 they met in the food gallery of the mall.
“Well, did you finish your shopping?” Brett asked, looking at the dozen bags beside her.
“Oh, yes!  I think that I am set up now.  It isn’t really that much.  Just a lot of bedding.” She laughed at his incredulous look.
He helped her carry her bags out to his truck and loaded them.  On the way back home, Gracie took the opportunity to pump him for information.
“Brett, how long have you lived in Swanson?” she asked.
“Well, a few years now.  Oh, wait, I guess it’s been about thirty-four years.”  He grinned over at her.  “Swanson, born and raised, my dear.”
“There must be a lot of people in town that remember the last Mallorys that lived at the plantation,” she prodded.
“Well, I imagine there are still some who worked on the property.  Art Grandy is one.  He worked there as a gardener.   He is pretty proud of the fact.  You could talk to him.  I believe that his wife was a housemaid, too.  I think that is how they met and married.  There are probably at least a few more, but I don’t know who they are.”  He looked over at her.  “You know the whole town is buzzing about you.  Everyone had thought that the family had died out.  Is it true that Belinda is your great-grandmother?”
“Yes.  She ran away with a friend.  They ended up in Nebraska and built a life together.  That friend raised her daughter after Belinda died.  That daughter had a daughter that was my mother,” she told him.
He thought about that for a moment.  “So why didn’t your mother or grandmother claim the plantation?” 
“I’m not really sure.  In any case, they all died very young.  I guess I am the only one that has lived long enough to claim it.” Gracie looked down the gray highway thoughtfully.
“Well, at least one of you returned.  I don’t know much about the family.  Just never had much interest, I guess.  We had to tour the museum several times in school.  Edgar didn’t exactly have the greatest reputation.  He was something of a religious fanatic, but also didn’t seem to remain faithful to his wife.  There were rumors that he had fathered more than one illegitimate child in town,” he told her.
“Well, that doesn’t surprise me.  According to Gram, that wasn’t the worst of his deeds.  Anyway, I already know more than I want to about him.  But there had to be some good people in the family.  What happened to Edgar’s wife?” she asked curiously.
“I think she died of some illness.  I don’t really remember.  The stories all seem to center around Edgar.  Well, the past is past, anyway.”  
“I really want to know about my family.  I do love the town, too.  There is something about it.  It seems so innocent and pure.  There can’t be many places like Swanson left in the world.  
“Well, sometimes change is good.  I lived in Atlanta for ten years.  I finally realized that I really liked living in Swanson much better.  The people are caring and neighbors are still neighbors.    The place has a charm all of its own.  I had to leave and come back to recognize it.  It’s easy to take what you have for granted, I guess.  Well, it worked out for me.  I started my company and built it up.  Now I can afford to live how I want.”
“It’s wonderful what you do with the old houses.  You make them real homes again.  It really should attract a lot of people to the small town life.  I know I love my house.  I knew the moment I saw it that it was mine.  It was as if you had had me in mind when you renovated it, and I could feel the love that you put into it,” she told him.
“I lost my wife a few years ago to cancer.  She used to say the same thing, that I put love into it.  I suppose I do love it.  Somehow the houses become like living things to me.  Every crack and damage, feel like old wounds that haven’t healed.  They all have a personality.  I enjoy bringing them back to health.  Just call me the house doctor.” He laughed.
“I’m sorry about your wife, but she was right.  It’s a gift to love what you do.  I just haven’t found that yet.  I thought I wanted to go to graduate school.  Now that doesn’t seem what I want at all.  My head has been spinning since Gram died.  I have had too much to digest, I think, and too quickly.  Perhaps I shouldn’t be making such life decisions right now - like buying a house and staying in Swanson.  But somehow it feels right.  I feel like I belong here.  Maybe it’s the family connection that I am starved for.  I don’t know, but this is right for me.  At least for now, anyway.” 
“Well, I don’t think it is ever wrong to go with what is in your heart.  You may learn some things that aren’t pleasant.  Every family has skeletons in their closet, but I would bet that you will learn good things, as well.” He gave her a sideways smile.
        
Chapter Sixteen
 
 
When they got back to Swanson, Brett pulled in her driveway.  He helped her in with her bags.
“Would you like a cup of coffee?” she asked him, gesturing to the couch.
“Sure,” he said and instead of sitting, he followed her to the kitchen.  He glanced at the table and the barstools that she had bought.   The room was void of other furniture.  “So, have you found some furniture at the plantation?  You could use a bigger table in here,” he suggested.
“I know that the house looks kind of empty.  I guess I should do something about it.  I just don’t need much for myself.” She shrugged as he took a seat at the counter.  “There will be beds here, though, when my cousin comes to visit.  At least, I hope she comes to visit.  I don’t want to take things that we might need at the plantation.”
“The entire basement out there is full of antique furniture.  I don’t think we will need so much.  If you find some pieces you like, it doesn’t take much to refinish and make them look new.”
She handed him a cup of coffee and poured some for herself.  
“What do you think of concentrating on just the main floor and the second floor suites?  That way, we can get the house functional a little faster.  With a little landscaping, we could be ready for guests in about six months.” He took a sip of coffee.                
“That sounds fine, except one thing that I think you’ve missed,” she said, and he looked at her indignantly.  She returned his look pointedly, “I’ve been thinking this over, Brett.  Everyone in town is convinced the place is haunted.  Who is going to want to live there?  Art Grandy wouldn’t even set foot on the property.”
“Well, there is that,” he said, thinking, “But if the place were renovated and no longer looked like the scary ghost house, perhaps the attitude would change.  There are some who might even like the idea of living in a haunted house.”
“Yes, perhaps, but are you willing to gamble on it?” she asked.
“Oh, absolutely!  I just want to get in there and work.  I don’t care if it’s never lived in.  I want to uncover its glory,” he said.
“You know, I think you may take this saving houses thing a little too seriously,” she said, teasing.  “I would love to see it restored to its former ‘glory’, but we are apt to lose money on it,” she added seriously.
“Well, I really think it would be a success.  I know people.  If I build it, they will come,” he said and chuckled, his vivid blue gaze meeting hers.
“All right, Mr. Costner, we will do it,” she said, smiling brightly, “Why not?  We both want to.  If it doesn’t work, we can always live in it.  You in your half, and I in mine.” She laughed.
“You know, I think I’m falling in love with you,” he teased, flirtingly.
“Do you love me for my house or my mind?” she teased back, laughing loudly.
“Both,” he said, laughing just as hard.  Then he turned serious, reached out and pulled her against him.  The kiss was light and playful at first, but deepened quickly as she responded.  He suddenly pulled away, shocked at his action.
“I’d better go,” he said, with a vague expression on his face and suddenly ran out of the kitchen.  She heard the door slam on his way out.
Gracie sat, bewildered at his quick departure.  She didn’t move until she heard his truck start and drive away.  She slid from the chair and walked to the sink to rinse their coffee cups. That was certainly odd.  They didn’t exactly know each other well, but after all, it was just a kiss. 
She decided that her purchases could wait until tomorrow to be put away.  She went upstairs and ran herself a bubble bath.  Soaking in the tub, she went over the evening in her mind until she got the part with the kiss.  She wondered if she had done something wrong, offended him somehow.  He sure left quick enough.  Well, it was all good on her end.  Maybe it was his wife.  Could he still be in love with her?  Kind of hard to compete with the dead.
It was only one kiss, it shouldn’t mean so much!   
Gracie tried to put it out of her mind.  She got out of the bath and dressed for bed.  She went downstairs and made up the couch to sleep.  Tomorrow night, I will be sleeping in my own bed, she thought.  The beds would be delivered in the morning.  
In her dream, she was Belinda. 
 Belinda thought she had slipped into her room unnoticed just as her father, Edgar, cornered her.
“How nice of you to come home again!” he bellowed.
Belinda nearly jumped out of her skin as she turned to see him in the doorway.  She laid her bag on the bed without taking her eyes from him.  She had learned the hard way how fast he could pounce.
“And I heard a wretched story only a moment ago about a rendezvous between you and that lowly farm boy up the road.  Oh, yes,” he said, as he crept closer.  Belinda, instinctively, backed away. “Amazing the tales someone will tell while under duress.  I heard about how you had gotten yourself pregnant, as well.”
Belinda cringed at his words.  He must have been horribly cruel to have extracted that information from Lydia.  She began to panic, momentarily forgetting her own plight, wondering what he had done to her dearest friend.
Edgar was now standing over her, his face nearly touching hers with a murderous glint in his black eyes.  “Do you have anything to say for yourself?  Do you have any idea what you have done?”
Belinda dodged the first blow by ducking and rolling onto the bed.  As she stood up, Edgar’s arm caught her right across her shoulder blades, causing a blazing pain as her head bounced off the bedpost.  Slowly, she sank into oblivion.
Belinda woke on the floor of her bedroom, her head reeling and her eyes unfocused.  She was lying on the cream colored area rug and she stared at the swirling golden design, trying to remember what had happened.
It all came back to her in a rush, and she finally pulled herself up on the side of the bed.  She had to find Lydia.  She knew without a doubt that Edgar had done something to her.  
Chapter Seventeen
        
Ignoring the throbbing in her head, Belinda went to the closet and packed her smallest suitcase.  She didn’t worry about neatness as she haphazardly threw some clothing into the case.  Then she went to her dresser and with one quick swipe she pushed the entire contents from the smooth chestnut surface.  Quickly, she stuffed the clothing that hang over the sides into the case and had to sit on it to get it zipped.  
She didn’t have much of a plan.  She would find Lydia and then go to Billy.  Billy would know what to do.
Surprisingly, the suitcase wasn’t as heavy as she expected.  She peered out her bedroom door, making sure that Edgar was nowhere in sight.  Quietly, she snuck down the curved staircase, terrified that her father would hear her and it would be over for her.
Thankfully, the foyer was dark.   She could see the light from Edgar’s study and gave the area a wide berth.  The light made it much easier to see and she ran as quickly as she could to the kitchen.  The room was completely dark, but Belinda had made this trek in the dark more times than she could count.  She opened the door to the basement and rushed down the stairs.  
The light in Lydia’s small room almost blinded her, but she saw Lydia sitting in the corner of the room, shaking.
Belinda dropped her suitcase in the doorway and ran to Lydia, whose face was already beginning to swell.
“Lydie, I am so sorry!” Belinda slid to the floor beside her friend and wrapped an arm around her.
“I told him, Belinda.  I told him everything.” Lydia looked at her through her half closed eye.  “I’m so sorry.” Belinda’s heart broke at the girl’s tear-stained face.
“It’s okay.  We have to get out of here.  We have to get to Billy.”
“Y-you don’t hate me?”
“How can I hate you, Lydie?  I know you had no choice.  Is it just your eye or did he hurt you anywhere else?  Can you walk?  We have to hurry.”  Belinda hurriedly checked her over for injuries.
“I’m okay, I think.” Lydia stood up and gave Belinda a hand up off the cold floor.  “Jeepers, Bel, you have a great lump on your head.  Are you okay?”  
“Honestly?  I don’t know, but we can’t worry about it now.” Belinda touched the knot on her temple.  It did feel huge and really sore.  “Let’s go.  Do you need to pack your stuff?”
“Naw.  I only keep my uniforms here, anyway.  The rest of my things are at home.”  Lydia followed Belinda to the door.  
They made their escape from the house, out the back kitchen door without incident.  Once outside, Lydia turned to Belinda.
“Where do we go?” Lydia looked around.  “What is that?”
Belinda looked in the direction Lydia was pointing.  There was a light in the field.  It took a moment before they saw the orange cast.
“It’s a fire!” Lydia said.
Belinda took off at a run, forgetting her fear.  The fire was close to the area that Billy had been working earlier that evening.
Lydia trailed after, limping a little from an injury.
The fire was contained in a metal bucket not far from the combine.  Billy lay a couple of feet away.  Belinda fell down beside him.   The light of the fire illuminated Billy’s lifeless face.  His eyes looked toward the sky as if enraptured in the stars.  
There was no scream, no yelling, no real shock.  Belinda simply lay down beside him, ignoring the blades that protruded from his middle.  She slid her hand into his.  She could still feel his warmth.  She let her gaze drift upward into the vast expanse of the universe, quiet tears sliding down the side of her face.  She stayed that way for a moment and made a silent promise to Billy to keep their baby safe.
Gracie woke, shaking.  The dream had felt so real.  She was sweating profusely.  She got up and went downstairs.  She adjusted the temperature of the air conditioning and looked at the clock in the living-room.  It was just past three.  She went into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of the cold coffee, still left in the pot, and microwaved it.  Then took her coffee back to the living-room and curled up on the end of the couch.
She remembered the dream vividly.  She knew something else, too.  It must have been in her dream; yet, it was a part that she didn’t remember.  She only knew that there was a box buried under a great oak tree.  Of course, it was just a fabrication of her mind, like the dream itself, but it was odd.  She didn’t know where this tree was, in the field or near the house, but she could see Belinda’s hands as she put the box in the hole and covered it with dirt.  
Well, no more caffeine before bed, she thought wryly.  She went to her desk and checked her Facebook account.  There were three messages from Spencer.  How many times did she have to tell him that she quit?  He was begging her to come back.  He would even include that raise that she wanted.  Too bad, so long, sucker, Gracie thought with satisfaction.  Now he would know what it was like to do his own dirty work.  
There was nothing else of importance and Gracie turned off the computer.  
        
Chapter Eighteen
 
Gracie had arranged for some pieces of furniture that she had chosen from the plantation to be delivered at the house.  Also, her new beds would be arriving.  Her needs may be small, but she wanted her house to look like a real home.
That afternoon, she was making the beds with new linen.  She was digging in one of the shopping bags for pillow cases when her fingers felt a small piece of metal in the bottom of the bag.  She grasped it and pulled out a small tarnished key.  Where had that come from?  Had the saleswoman dropped it in by mistake?  She decided that she would call later to check and went back to her bed making.
The room she had set up for the children now looked cozy with the two twin beds and chest of drawers.  The brightly-colored quilts were cheerful, but not so childish that an adult would be uncomfortable sleeping there.  It could still use a few personal touches; a lamp for the small round table between the beds and maybe some pictures on the walls.  The dresser and table cleaned up nice and with a little furniture polish, they gleamed like new.
By the end of the day, the house looked much better with the added furniture.  Gracie stood, admiring the dish hutch that she had found in the basement at the mansion.  She had also found the buffet and table and chairs that gave the dining-room a distinguished, yet homey feel.  The phone rang and she sat down in a high-backed chair to answer.
“Hi!” Gracie said when she saw that it was Jeanette.  “I was going to call you tonight.”
“Hi, Grace.  How is everything?  I’m sorry for being so negative before.”
“Oh, that’s okay.  I know you were just trying to look out for me.  Are you okay, Jeanette?” Gracie thought she detected some trepidation in her voice.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m okay.  Gracie, I’m calling because a man showed up here looking for you.  He was kind of strange.  When I told him you weren’t here, he said to tell you to ‘find the box’.  If you want to know who Billy is, you have to find the box.  That was all he said and then left.  It was creepy.”
“Huh.  What did he look like?”  
“Well, he was an older man.  Maybe in his fifties.  He was wearing a suit, but it was all wrinkled and dirty.  He kind of looked like a homeless person or something.”  
“I don’t know who it could have been.  Strange that he would know about Billy.  He sounds like some kind of kook.  I’d make sure to keep your doors locked.”
“For sure.  I just thought I would tell you.  Do you know anything about a box?” Jeanette pressed.
“No.” But she did, didn’t she?  She remembered her vague recollection of burying a box in her dream.  Dreams aren’t real, she reminded herself.
*****
Brett showed up on Gracie’s doorstep that Sunday morning, bearing flowers and an apologetic smile.  He was dressed in a dark blue suit and tie.  
Gracie grinned at him and invited him inside.
“Uh, I am sorry for running out on you the other night,” he said nervously and handed her the flowers.
“Well, now you are forgiven,” she said, her nose buried in the lilacs and daisies.  “Lilacs are my favorite.”  She walked into the kitchen and filled a large glass with water and arranged the flowers in it.  She then carried them to the dining-room table and set them in the center.  They looked lovely.
He had followed her and now stood in the dining-room doorway, admiring her handiwork.
“I came to invite you to church.  I thought that maybe we could set all the tongues wagging by showing up together,” he said, his eyes dancing mischievously.
Gracie chuckled.  “Well, I am not ready.  What time does it start?”
“You have time.  The service doesn’t start for another hour,” he said, grinning, “I’ll wait.”
“All right.  I’ll have to hurry, then.”  She ran upstairs to her room.  What should she wear?  She really wanted to make a good impression.  She looked through her closet.  There were several new dresses she had bought with attending church in mind.  She selected the lavender one. It was a dressy sun-dress with a white crocheted jacket.  She had bought a white straw hat to match.
Gracie showered and dressed quickly, but took extra care with her hair and make-up.  It was the shoes that were the real problem.  None of the heels she had bought really looked good to her with the dress.  She finally decided to wear the plain white flats that she had worn to her grandmother’s funeral.  
She added a squeeze of her favorite cologne and inspected herself in the mirror.  Satisfied with her reflection, she finally returned downstairs.
Brett was still waiting for her in the dining-room, looking at the papers that she had strewn across the table.  He glanced up as he heard her enter the room.
“Wow!” he said, looking her up and down, “You look beautiful.” 
She felt herself blush, pleased at his response.  “Well, you look nice, too,” she said and glanced at her watch.  “Should we go, now?”
He was still perusing her with his piercing blue eyes.  “Uh, yeah,” he said and looked her in the eye. “It’s only a couple blocks away, I thought we could walk.”
“That sounds nice,” she said and walked toward the door.  He followed her through the door and into the morning sunshine.
Gracie found it pleasant walking down the pretty little street lined with trees, white fences and freshly mowed lawns.  She was slightly surprised when he slipped his hand into hers.  It felt good and natural to hold his hand and charmingly old-fashioned.  
“You smell good,” he observed, giving her a sideways glance.
“I bought this cologne at the mall the other day,” she told him, with a smile.  She had, of course, bought it with him in mind.
“You smell good, too,” she returned the compliment.  He smelled of Stetson.  He had overdone it a little and Gracie was surprised that he could smell her cologne over his own.
He squeezed her hand lightly as they neared the church.  
There were people standing on the front steps.  Gracie recognized Rhoda, from the furniture store.  She was dressed attractively in a blue blazer and skirt.  She greeted Gracie and Brett with a smile and shook their hands.  On the other side of the door was an older, slightly balding man in a suit.  He was the pastor and greeted them both warmly as Brett introduced Gracie.  
They went inside and Brett led her to a pew halfway toward the front.  The church was filled with people already seated and Gracie could feel at least a dozen eyes on her.  Several members of the bridge club came over and greeted them, welcoming Gracie into the fold.  
The church itself was lovely.  Stained glass windows lined each side of the sanctuary; another large one behind the pulpit, depicting a huge, beautiful cross.  The pews were nicely padded.  
The service was pleasant and not overlong.  After the service, many came to greet Gracie, and there were a lot of introductions.  All of the church members seemed sincere and Gracie found their friendliness endearing.
On the walk back home, Brett told her a little about a few of them.  Gracie felt that it was really cute how he staked his claim on her that morning.  He held her hand during service and even put an arm around her shoulders as they left the church.  He was telling them all in his subtle way that Gracie might be single, but she was unavailable.
She certainly didn’t mind, but was curious of his actions after the other night.  They walked back to her house after the service, hand in hand.  They waved at others that they passed along the way.
When they got back to the house, Brett gestured to the truck.
“Hop in,” he said and let go of her hand to walk to the driver’s side.  Gracie had no idea what he had in mind, but decided to do what he wanted.  She got into the truck, careful not to get her dress in the door.
“I wanted to take you somewhere special.  Do you mind a picnic?” He looked at her questioningly.
She laughed softly. “No, a picnic sounds lovely.”  It did seem a perfect idea for this beautiful day.
“We have to stop at my house for a minute,” he said and backed out of her drive.
Gracie wasn’t sure what she expected, but she sure would never have guessed that the house they stopped at was his own.  It was a very small, run down house.  Nothing like the one he had sold to her.  He surely could afford something better, she thought curiously.  She said nothing as he left her to run into the house.  He came back out ten minutes later.  He had removed his jacket and tie and carried a large cooler in one hand and a brown paper bag in the other.  He dropped both in the bed of the truck and got back behind the wheel.
Chapter Nineteen
 
She was quiet as he drove, and was surprised when he turned in at the plantation.  He skirted around the house, driving over the grounds and back through a path in the trees behind the house.  He stopped the truck in the clearing, in front of a beautiful little pond.  It was a lovely spot; the trees framing the pond with the sun shining joyful on the water.
“So, what do you think?” he asked, looking over at her.
“It’s wonderful.  Like an oasis, hidden from the rest of the world,” she said, with a bright grin.
“I’ve been coming here for years.  It’s become my thinking place.  I like the tranquility.”
“Thank you for sharing it with me,” she said sincerely.
“Well, we own it.  It goes with the property.  Come on,” he said and got out of the truck.  “You grab the blanket and I’ll get these,” he said and pulled out the cooler and brown paper bag.  She grabbed it and followed him.  They found a shady spot and spread the blanket.
They sat down and Brett opened the chest.  He pulled out a soda and handed it to Grace, and then pulled out one for himself.  He reached over and pulled off her hat.  The breeze blew through Gracie’s hair.  
“You should take off those shoes and get comfortable.”
She chuckled and did as he suggested.  
“Now”, he said and opened the bag. “We have egg salad, bologna, peanut butter, or chicken salad.”
“Wow.  That seems like a lot,” she said, grinning.
“Well, I figured you should like one of those, at least.  And I brought Doritos and Hohos.  The best I have to offer,” he said, winking at her.
She shook her head in mock exasperation.  “Well, truthfully, I like all of those.”
“Good, I knew you wouldn’t be hard to please.  I may not be the classiest guy you know, but I do aim to please.” 
He handed her the chicken salad and picked the bologna for himself.
“The church service was lovely, thank you for inviting me,” she told him and nibbled on the sandwich.
“It is nice.  I go every week.  The ladies are always bugging me about not bringing a lady friend, so I thought I would oblige them, for once.”  He gave her a shy look.
“Well, it was nice.  The people here are so different.  Friendly, gossipy even, but at the same time, you feel real concern and caring.”
“They are good for the most part.  We have had some bad eggs in town, but they usually leave when they can’t seem to bait anyone into a fight.” 
He finished his sandwich in no less than three bites and drowned it down with a long drink of his soda.
They finished their meal in companionable silence.  Then Brett wordlessly, pulled her over to him so that she leaned back against his chest.  They quietly watched the water.  They could see a fish jump now and then.
After a few minutes, Brett wrapped his arm around her holding her gently against him.  He whispered softly in her ear.
“I’m sorry for the other night.  That kiss scared me that bad.” 
She turned in his arms and faced him.  “It surprised me, too.”  He traced her face lightly with his finger.           “I thought that maybe I did something wrong, or maybe it was too soon for you after losing your wife.  I don’t usually throw myself at men.”
 The kiss that came next started softly just as the last one had, but neither of them could keep it light.  After it was over, they both lay back on the blanket each lost in their own thoughts.
Finally, Brett reached out and grabbed her hand.  He asked softly, “Does this mean we are dating?”
Gracie looked at the blue sky through the tree limbs above them.  “I guess so.” She felt a thrilling shiver rush through her at the thought.  After a moment, she glanced over at him.  He was looking at the sky, just as she was.  
Suddenly, the smile left her face as she wrestled her hand away from him.  She jumped up, her eyes filled with terror.
He pulled himself up on one elbow and looked at her in surprise and confusion. 
Gracie started shaking from head to foot.  Brett looked bewilderedly up at her, seeing that something was wrong.  He stood up and pulled her trembling form back into his arms.
“Hey, what’s wrong?  Are you okay?” He framed her face with his hands and looked into her face.  He saw real terror in her eyes.
“I’m okay,” she said, though he could see that was a lie. “Can we please get out of here?” she asked him.
“Sure, honey.  Let me grab this stuff.”  She could see that he was disappointed to cut their outing short.
They got back into the truck and headed back to her house.  He parked the truck in her drive and turned off the ignition.
“Please don’t leave.  Come in with me,” she told him.  She didn’t want to be alone with her thoughts.
“Okay, let’s go in.  Then you can tell me what just happened.”  He walked in and sat down on the couch.  She sat on the other end quietly.
“Hey, you want to come down here so I can hold you?” he asked gently.
“Yes.” she said, “No.  I don’t know.” But she did anyway, she needed his comfort.  He pulled her into his lap.
“What happened?  Something back there spooked you bad.  You are still shaking!  Was it me?” He held her tight.
“No, uh, yes.  It wasn’t you exactly.  I had a dream the other night.  A real nightmare.  It was so very real,” she started and told him about the dream.  By the time she was finished, she had started to recover.  “Brett, when I looked at you today, lying on the ground beside me, you had the same expression as Billy did in my dream.  It was as if I had had a premonition of some sort.”
She moved from his arms.
“I am so sorry for freaking out on you,” she said. “The tree-line was even the same.  And your face.  It was exactly what I saw in that dream.  I am not normally superstitious, but I can’t explain that.  Was it some kind of warning or omen?”
“I don’t believe in omens or ghostly warnings.  It does seem that we can’t kiss without one of us freaking out,” he chuckled.  
 
 
Chapter Twenty
 
It was a week later when Maria came out to the plantation and showed Gracie how to tag and log everything.  It had been a busy and productive morning.  It was nearly noon when Gracie got a strange phone call.
“Miss Lawson, this is Meredith Grandy.  Dear, I know you don’t know me.  I really need to speak with you, if you don’t mind coming here.  I don’t get out anymore.” The woman’s voice sounded shaky and strange, yet warm.
“I can come to visit you, Mrs. Grandy,” Gracie said, thinking it was strange how these people seemed to obtain her number.  “How about Thursday evening?”  She was really so busy this week, but perhaps the woman had some information about the plantation.
“Thursday will be fine, dear.  Oh, and she says to wear the necklace.”  
“Who says?” Gracie asked wonderingly.  How did she know about the necklace?
“Never mind, just please wear it.   You should wear it whenever you are near the plantation.  I will explain when you come.”  There was a click as the woman hung up.
Wear the necklace?  Whatever for?   
“Everything okay?” Maria asked.  She was looking at Gracie with concern.  
“Yeah.  Fine.  Mrs. Grandy asked to see me.” Gracie smiled across the table.
“Ah.  Meredith Grandy hasn’t left her home for about ten years.  Art comes to the café in town every day to get them food.  Sometimes people take groceries and prepared meals out to them.  Rumor has it that they are both near a hundred years old.”
“Really? And he still gets around?” Gracie asked, shocked.
“Well, he drives to town nearly every day,” Maria said, bending her head to read the print on a document in front of her. Her blond head was nearly touching the paper.
“I have no idea why she wants to see me, but I suppose I should be neighborly,” Gracie said and reached to wipe the dust from her nose.  
“You know, Gracie,” Maria paused and pushed her blond hair from her eyes. “I think this is a marriage certificate.  I can’t make out the names or dates.  Perhaps if we can darken the image on the computer…”
“That would be great,” Gracie said enthusiastically.  She glanced down at her watch.  “It’s about lunchtime.  I packed plenty if you want to join me and Brett.”
“Actually, I had a late breakfast.  Why don’t you two go on?  I’d like to finish this box.”  Maria grinned up at Gracie.
“Okay.  Don’t work too hard.  We have plenty of time.” Gracie returned her smile and went to find Brett.
Gracie walked into the foyer, now void of furniture and contents.  She went to yell up the stairs when she noticed someone standing in the entryway of the front door.  As she came closer, she saw that it was a girl.  Her blond hair hung around her head, looking as if it were combed with a rake and with pieces of twigs stuck in it.  Her head was slightly askew as if her neck had been broken.  She glared at Gracie with a radiating hatred that was overwhelming. 
Gracie was standing, unable to move or tear her eyes away from the dreadful image.  After a moment, the girl opened her mouth abnormally wide and gave an earthshattering scream that resonated through the empty room.  Gracie unconsciously covered her ears and finally broke eye contact.  
When she looked back up, the girl was gone.  Either everyone was already outside or she was the only one that heard the scream.  No one came running.  Cautiously, she inched her way to the door, shuddering as she passed the spot where the girl had been.  She flung the door open and ran for her car.  The workers were all sitting around on the lawn and the tail gates of their trucks eating lunch and a few noticed her pass.  It wasn’t long before Brett found her, sitting in her car, shaking and crying.
Brett got in on the passenger side of the Honda.  “Hey, Baby, what’s wrong?”  He pulled her hands away from her face.
“I need to go home.  I think you should send everyone home.  Can you tell Maria to go home?”  Gracie gave him a pleading look.
“Honey, talk to me.  What’s happened?  Did one of the guys do something? Say something?” Brett took her face in his hands.
“No. Nothing like that.  I just don’t think we need to be here.  I want to go home.”  She was shaking all over, just like after the carriage house incident.  Now she knew that that had been real, too.
“Do you want me to come with you?” Brett asked, confused.
“Yes.” She looked at him and cried, “Yes.  I want you to come, but not until everyone is gone from here.  Right now, Brett.”
“Okay.  I’ll tell the guys to take the rest of the day off and I’ll get Maria.  Stay here.  I’ll be right back.”  Brett gave her arm a squeeze and jumped out of the car.
Gracie watched him walk to the door of the house while biting her lip.  He was gone for only a few minutes before emerging with Maria.  Maria glanced toward Gracie’s car in bewilderment before getting into her own and driving away.  Brett stopped and spoke to his foremen.  Then, a moment later he was approaching Gracie.  He opened the driver side door.
“Want me to drive?  You don’t look like you’re in any condition.” His eyes were full of concern.
“Yeah,” Gracie said and stepped out.  In seconds, she was buckled into the passenger seat.  “Let’s get out of here,” she said, recovering, but still shaky.
Brett drove to Gracie’s house in silence.  Gracie was wondering if he was angry with her.  His face seemed more mystified than angry, she decided.  
Back at her cottage, Gracie made them coffee.  She knew that he deserved an explanation, but she wasn’t looking forward to it.  Her hands were still shaking as she added sugar to her cup.  She sat Brett’s cup in front of him on the kitchen table.
“Are you going to tell me?” Brett asked, as he watched her sit in the chair across from him.
“I think the plantation is really haunted,” she said weakly.
“Was it something you found?  You have to tell me more than that, Gracie.”
Gracie took a sip of her coffee, bolstered her courage and told him about the carriage house incident and then about the girl in the entryway.
“You think this girl was a ghost,” he said unbelievingly.
“I don’t know.  She looked very real.  I thought she was a real person, at first.  She didn’t look see-through or anything like that.  She was just there, glaring at me; then she screamed and was gone.  It was enough to scare the crap out of me.” 
“You have listened to too many stories, Gracie.  Maybe you are scaring yourself,” Brett said skeptically.  “You can stay away if you want, but I have too much invested.  I have to go on with the renovation.”
“I guess, I didn’t expect you to believe me,” Gracie said coldly.  She knew she would feel the same if the situation was reversed, but it still hurt.
“Gracie, you can’t expect me to.  I don’t know what you saw.  I know that you really believe what you are saying, but you’ve had a lot of changes in your life, pretty suddenly.” Brett stretched his arm across the table to her.
“So, the stress of losing my grandmother along with this move has pushed me over the edge of sanity!” Gracie ignored his hand and stood up.  “I’m not crazy, Brett!”  She dumped her coffee into the sink and stomped from the room.  She was half-way up the stairs when she heard the front door slam.  
Chapter Twenty-One
 
All Gracie wanted to do was to chase Brett down and apologize, though she had nothing to apologize for.   What would be the point when he thought she was crazy, anyhow?  Instead, she cried for a while.          
At nine pm, she turned off the TV and stood to go upstairs when a tap came at the door.  Who would be there this late?
Gracie peeked out the window to see Brett standing on the other side of the door.  She gave a deep sigh, knowing that she really didn’t need more stress.  It wasn’t possible for her to turn him away and she opened the door and gave him a defeated look.
“Come in,” she said and left him to follow her to the couch.
“Gracie, I’m sorry,” he said, shamefaced. 
“I’m really not crazy, you know,” she told him as he sat down beside her.
“I know,” he said and looked down at his hands, searching for what to say.  “Two of the men left today.  One didn’t say a word.  He just walked off the job.  The other kept ranting about hearing voices.”
“I’m sorry, Brett.” 
“I’ve seen some things, too.  I just chose to ignore it.  Yesterday, my tools kept disappearing and reappearing.  I don’t know what is going on.” He shook his head wearily.  “I am really so sorry, Gracie.  Can you forgive me?”  His sad look nearly broke her heart.
“I forgive you.  Brett, what are we going to do?  I don’t mind reimbursing you and will gladly pay for the work your men have done, but I don’t know what to do with the plantation now.”
“I don’t want to give up, Gracie.  I’m going to continue to work.  There is no reason to think that what is there is dangerous.  If it is ghosts, how can they hurt us?” He slipped her hand into his and squeezed.
“You might be right, but that girl sure scared me.  Her scream is still echoing in my brain.  I don’t want to think about it tonight.”  Gracie gave a shiver and Brett put his arm around her.
Gracie's phone rang just then.  She grabbed it off the coffee table and answered.
"Hello."
"Gracie, it's me," Jeanette said, sounding agitated.
"Hi, Jeanette.  What's going on?"
"Grace, I'm coming out there.  We are leaving in the morning.  I'm driving out so it will be a couple days."
"Jeanette, that's wonderful, but don't you think you should fly?  That will be a long trip for the kids." 
"Well, I'm bringing too much with me to fly." 
"You could fly and have the rest shipped.  What on earth are you bringing with you?" Gracie asked curiously.
"Well, your china, and then there were some things that I thought you could use for the plantation house.  I really can't explain so much until I get there.  I guess I could hire a moving company to bring it out."
"Jeanette, what in the world are you talking about?" 
"Gracie, most of the stuff Gram has here, I think it belongs to the plantation house.  I think she brought it all here.  The antique furniture and I found a lot of old papers.  I can't explain over the phone.  I'll have it shipped and see if I can get a flight within the next couple of days, okay?"
"Okay, honey.  If you can fly into Atlanta, I'll come get you at the airport.  Be safe," Gracie said, confused.
"I will.  You, too.  See you soon." Then she hung up.
Brett was looking at her curiously.  
Gracie relayed the conversation to him.
"I really don't know why Gram would have things from the plantation," Gracie said, perplexed. And why was it so important to Jeanette to ship it all here.
"Well, it seems that you will have some company," Brett said.
"Yeah.  I can't wait for you to meet her and the kids.  I didn't like the way she sounded, though.  She was upset.  Something has happened.  She wouldn't tell me over the phone." 
Brett pulled her back into his arms.  "Well, I guess you will find out soon."
"She sounded really strange.  But it's more than that. I think she had been crying."
"Well, she will be here soon," he said, “I was thinking that we need a larger vehicle for the plantation.  Maybe a van.  Comfortable enough to ride in, but big enough to haul supplies.”
“Yeah, it will be tough to fit all five of us in my Honda.  I hadn’t really thought about it,” Gracie agreed.
“Well, we could go van shopping in the morning.  If we found one, we could use it to pick up your sister.” 
“Okay.  That sounds like a plan.  If we are going to go ahead with the renovation, maybe we should open a business account.  Are you sure you really want to?” 
“Well, if it comes down to it, we can call a ghost extermination.” He laughed softly.  
“Hmm.  I haven’t heard of such a thing,” she laughed and turned her head just in time to receive his kiss.  
Gracie felt it was time to fill him in on all of the incidents - the episode at Gram’s funeral, the carriage house, and the man looking for her in Maytown.  Separately, they could all be dismissed.  Together, it was obvious something was going on.
She told him all of it, and then added, “I just don’t understand what it all means.  Then I got a call from Meredith Grandy.  She needs to talk to me and told me to make sure I wear Belinda’s necklace when I am at the plantation.  I’m supposed to go see her on Thursday.” 
“Well, we will just go on as if nothing happened for now.  If you want to stay away from the plantation, I understand.” He squeezed her hand, but she got the feeling that he would be disappointed if she didn’t.
        
Chapter Twenty-Two
 
That evening, Meredith opened the door at Gracie’s knock.
"Hello," she greeted Gracie.  She was wearing a long gray dress with a white ruffly apron and a smile.
"Hello, you must be Mrs. Grandy.  I'm Gracie Lawson.  I've come to ..."
"Oh, I know why you are here, dear." Mrs. Grandy cut her off.  "Please come in.  Art isn't here just now.  We can talk freely."
What an odd thing to say, Gracie thought and stepped inside.
"What a lovely home," she said, looking around. 
"Thank you, dear.  We do like it here.  Come in and sit down.  Would you like some lemonade?" the old woman asked.
"Oh, yes, thank you.  That would be nice," Gracie said.  Meredith left the room and came back a moment later with the lemonade.
She handed the glass to Gracie who had sat on the divan.
"I'm so glad you came.  I was afraid that I would have to come to you and, well, I just don't get around like I used to," she said, in an apologetic tone.  "Belinda keeps at me all the time now that you are here in Swanson.  I know that she won't let me rest until I've told you."
Gracie was beginning to wonder if the woman was in control of her faculties. "Uh, Belinda?"
"Of course.  She has been here every night this week.  It is truly unsettling to continually get visits from the dead, you know.  Though you would think I would be used to it by now." Meredith shook her head in resignation.
"What is it that she wants from you?" Gracie asked curiously.
"Well, to warn you, of course, and to tell you where that silly box of hers is," she said, as if Gracie should have already known this.
"The box?" Gracie prodded.
"Yes, yes, the box.  Her pretty little box that she used to keep on her bureau.  She buried it in the field before she left.  I have no idea what is in it, but it is important for you to have it.  I've drawn you a map." Meredith stood and grabbed a sheet of paper from the bookshelf and handed it to Gracie.
It was roughly drawn, but Gracie could see the pond marked and a jutting rock.  According to the map, the tree was eight feet south of that rock.
"Please find that box.  Belinda won't leave me alone until you do.  Also, she says for you to wear the necklace.  You must wear the evil eye when you go to the plantation.  It will keep you safe."  Meredith looked relieved that she had delivered the message.
"The necklace?  Evil eye?" Gracie asked, not understanding.
"Yes, you have Belinda's ruby necklace.  She says so, anyway.  It is from the Middle-East, what they call an evil eye.  It is a talisman to keep you safe from evil.  Belinda says that you are to wear it when you go to the plantation," Meredith explained patiently.  "Edgar was a very superstitious man.  Whether or not the necklace has real power, he will likely leave you alone if you wear it."
"So, Edgar is still at the plantation?" Gracie asked.
"Of course, dear.  Don't you know the story?  Everyone who has died on or near the plantation resides there.  Until the curse is broken at any rate." She was speaking as if Gracie was a simple-minded child.
"I'm sorry, Mrs. Grandy, I don't know about a curse," Gracie told her.
"You don't know of the curse of Dahlia?" she asked, and shook her head in exasperation.  "Well, listen closely, because this story is very important.  This is why Belinda wants you here.  She believes that you have the power to break that curse.  Back way before the civil war, when the plantation was still worked by slave labor, there was a young slave woman by the name of Dahlia.  She and her husband lived and worked in the cotton fields.  They had a small child, who would play beside Dahlia while she worked.  One day the master came out to the fields to check the progress and saw the child.  Who knows what really angered him, the man was evil through and through, but he picked the boy up and just snapped his neck like a twig.  He told the screaming mother that the cotton field was not the place for children too young to pick cotton and strode away after tossing the lifeless child on the ground like it was a piece of filth.
Voodoo was a common practice among slaves at that time and Dahlia put a curse on the Mallorys and the plantation.  Ever since, whoever dies on that cursed ground, is enslaved forever.  Their souls are imprisoned.  Make no mistake, the plantation is haunted.  There are, at least, a hundred or more souls trapped there.  Most are innocent, but there are two strong evil forces, as well.  Edgar had already been taken over by Alfred years before his death.  He is most likely still in servitude to that demon.  Though the lesser of the two evils, Edgar is a force to be reckoned with on his own.  Alfred, I believe, has tainted a few of the spirits there and they may give you some trouble.  You will have to be very careful, Gracie.  They see and hear all.  If you do any planning, do not do so at the plantation.  And Billy will be there to help you."  Meredith was finished and stood up.  "Would you like some more lemonade, dear?" she asked cheerfully, as if she hadn’t just told such a horror story.
"Uh, no thank you.  I think I'd better be going," Gracie said and stood up nervously.  She suddenly had a lot to think about.
"All right, dear.  Thank you for coming.  I know it will take you a while to digest this information.  And get that box, but wear the necklace when you go to get it.  I have a feeling that Edgar will try to stop you," she said, as she walked Gracie to the door.  "And Gracie, don't go alone.  I know Brett will go with you.  You shouldn't try to do it by yourself."
"Okay.  I'll see if Brett will go with me," Gracie said to reassure the old woman.  "Oh, one more thing, Mrs. Grandy.  You said that Billy would be there to help me.  Did you know Billy?"
"Yes, dear.  I knew Billy.  Billy was my son, and you are my great, great-granddaughter.  But for now, no one must know.  Only Art and I know about Belinda and Billy and we should keep it that way until the curse is broken.  The answers that you seek are in that box.  When it is all over, come back.  I wish to get to know you, Gracie.  You are all that is left of our Billy."  She reached out a hand and touched Gracie's cheek.
So, Billy was the son of Art and Meredith Grandy, a housemaid and gardener in 1941 at the plantation.  Then Billy had likely spent much of his life on the plantation.  Perhaps he and Belinda were playmates before they were lovers.  Did he even know about her pregnancy before his death?  What a sad and romantic story.
Gracie would have sworn a week ago that she didn't believe in ghosts or curses, but now?  She would never forget that girl in the entryway and those cold dead eyes glaring hatefully at her.  
        
 
        
Chapter Twenty-Three
        
The next day turned out to be a very busy day.  Jeanette and the kids were flying into Atlanta. 
They arrived at the airport thirty minutes early and easily found Jeanette's gate.  Jumping up and down, the kids saw Gracie, and she waved at them and Jeanette.  
"Oh, Gracie!" Jeanette said and hugged her.  Brett helped collect their luggage, just two suitcases, and followed them outside to the van.  They all loaded in.  
"This is nice, Grace, is it new?"  Jeanette looked at the van's interior.
"Yeah, bought it just yesterday.  We needed something to haul things to and from the plantation." 
"Aunt Gracie, do we get to see the big house?" Aubrey asked.
"Sure, sweetie, but you have to be careful there.  There are a lot of people working inside just now," Gracie answered.
"Who's him?" Jasper asked, pointing at Brett.
"I want all of you to meet Brett.  He is my boyfriend and we are working on the plantation house together." 
"Boyfriend?” Jeanette asked, meeting Gracie's eyes. "We certainly have some things to catch up on, huh?"  She looked at Brett, curiously, "Nice to meet you, Brett.  I am truly happy for you both.  Please don't mind me," Jeanette said and started to tear up.
"Mommy's sad," Jasper said.
"Well, sometimes we all get sad," Gracie told him, wondering just what was going on.  "I am so glad to see you all.  I bought presents for you." She hoped to change the subject.
"You did?" Aubrey asked excitedly.
"I did.  When we get to my house, you can open them." 
The kids chattered all the way home, but Jeanette was quiet.  
Once there, the kids got out, hyper from all the traveling.  
"I'll bring in the suitcases," Brett said.
Gracie put her arm around Jeanette. "Come on, sis.  Whatever it is, we will work through it together.  I'm here for you." 
"Thank you, Gracie," she said and followed the kids into the house. 
Brett held Gracie back a moment.  "It's obvious that you and Jeanette need to talk.  Why don't I take the kids down to the park for a while?"
"That sounds good.  Thank you."  She kissed the corner of his mouth.
"Come on, guys, I'll show you your room real quick.  Then Brett wants to take you to the park.  If it's okay with you, Jeanette."
"Yeah, sure," she agreed and followed the kids up the stairs.
The wrapped gifts were placed on each bed in the kids' room.  They ran to them immediately and tore them open.  A toy car for Jasper, and a doll for Aubrey.  
"Thank you, Aunt Gracie," Aubrey said and gave Gracie a hug.  Jasper gave her a hug, too.
"You are both welcome.  Now, Brett's waiting downstairs for you."  They took their gifts with them and went down to find Brett.
"That was nice of you, Grace,” Jeanette said.
"Well, I haven't gotten to spoil them.  Come on, I'll show you your room."  Gracie crossed the hall to the other guest room.
"Wow!  It's really nice.  Thank you for welcoming us." Jeanette sat down on the bed.
"You don't have to thank me, silly.  You are my family.  'Sisters by circumstance', remember?"
"Jim left me, Grace.  He just called me and said that he had found someone else."  Jeanette was crying again.  "And now, I don't know what to do.  I haven't told the kids.  They won't know the difference; he hasn't been home much in the last couple of years.  They hardly know him, anyway."
"Oh, honey, I'm so sorry."  Gracie sat down beside her and held her while she cried.  
"I'm so sorry, Grace.  I'm really a mess right now.”  And then, “Oh, God, Gracie, you are not going to believe what I found out!"
Jeanette stood up and lifted her suitcase on the bed.  She unzipped it and pulled out an old photo album.  “I found this under Gram's bed.”  She opened the album and sat back down with Gracie.  "See this picture?"  It showed a pretty young woman holding a little girl of about three years old.  It was labeled, Lydia and Susan, in Gram's handwriting.  "Now look at this one." Jeanette pulled a picture out of the book.  "I found and printed it out from the plantation website."  It appeared to be the same girl, only a couple of years younger.  The caption was labeled Belinda Mallory.
"This has to be a mistake," Gracie said, looking at both pictures.  "Gram simply labeled it wrong.”
Jeanette shook her head, "Nope, I did some checking.  Gracie, Gram was Belinda Mallory.  There never was another woman.  I called the granddaughter of the woman she had worked for in Nebraska.  Lydia did not have a sister.  She came to work there alone and pregnant.  Most of the story she told you was true, except that she really was your great-grandmother.  The scariest thing to me, though, is who am I?  Belinda never had any siblings.  So who was Sophie?  She wasn't really her niece, that's for sure.  I thought maybe I could find out.  If Sophie was really from Swanson, maybe someone knows."
"So she lied to us?"  Gracie was trying to comprehend this.
"I don't know, Grace, I don't think so.  I think she was delusional.  She really believed her story."
"How do we know how far her delusion goes, then?" Gracie said in horror.
"Well, I know that you are truly her great-granddaughter.  But also she was married for a short time.  Her husband had some kind of disease.  He died and left her his money, which presumably, is where my inheritance came from.  According to the ladies of the church, there really was a Sophie and Lydia introduced her as her niece.  So Sophie had to come from somewhere.  Maybe she was the daughter of a childhood friend or something.  But this on top of Jim leaving, it just makes me feel like the whole world is shifting under my feet."
"It makes no sense.  She was delusional, but lucid enough to set up an account for me with the Mallory fortune?  Just when did she become delusional, if that is the answer?"  Gracie asked.
"There is no telling.  Perhaps she was from the beginning.  She suffered the abuse of her father," Jeanette said.
"Well, would someone have kept her on a job if she was crazy enough to believe that she had her friend with her?  Surely, she couldn't have been at that time.  Or at least, part of her knew the truth.  She was very good at hiding it.  Perhaps she had just decided to be Lydia Mason and made herself believe that was so.  She lied to cover any holes in her story.  Maybe, by the end, she had convinced herself so well that she no longer knew the difference." 
"Well, whatever the reason, it amounts to the same thing.  My identity has been tossed by the wayside," Jeanette said and started pacing.
"Honey, you know who you are!  You are the same person you have always been.  You have never known much about Sophie, and well, now, you know that she wasn't related to Gram.  So what?  Gram loved you, whether or not she was Belinda or Lydia.  You will always be my sister, no matter what.  And together we will look for the truth, I promise.  Okay?"
Jeanette stopped and looked at Gracie.  "Okay.  I know you are right and this shouldn't matter so much.  It might not if it hadn't been for Jim.  You make me feel better."
"That's what family is for.  You are welcome here as long as you want.  I've been so anxious for you to come.  I can't believe Jim.  What a creep!  Well, he doesn't deserve you then," Gracie told her.  "I was hoping that you could help me shop for the plantation house."
"Sure, I really can't wait to see it.  I hope we don't, well, interfere with you and Brett."
"Why would you?" Grace asked; then seeing the pointed look on her face, "Oh.  No, don't worry about that.  If we want privacy, we can always go to his house."
"This house is really cute.  I see why you liked it so much," Jeanette said.
"Brett renovated it himself.  He even carved the trim by hand," Gracie bragged.
"It's really good," Jeanette said admiringly.  "He seems really nice, Gracie."
"I adore him completely, I can't seem to help it," Gracie said.
"Well, I am really happy for you.”
 Gracie stood, "Let's go make some dinner.  The kids will be hungry when they get back.  I know Brett will be.  He is always hungry."
 Jeanette was joking with Brett by the end of the evening.  It was good to see her come out of her misery.  The kids spent the evening playing in the back yard.  
At nine, Jeanette took the kids upstairs to settle them into bed.  Brett took the opportunity for a long kiss and goodnight.  
"Thanks for watching the kids.  It really helped," Gracie said.
"I had fun with them.  They are really good kids.  Did I mention that I want at least a half dozen myself?" he teased.
"On second thought, three seems fine to me."  He gave her a parting kiss and disappeared out the door.
        
                                                        
Chapter Twenty-four
 
Gracie woke up the next morning to the smell of bacon frying.  She showered and dressed quickly and was almost half-way down the stairs when Jeanette shouted.
“Gracie!  Gracie, come here," she cried.
Gracie came down the rest of the way to see Jeanette staring at the table, in horror.  Gracie had left the papers strung over the table from Maria's files.
"I'm here, what is it?" Gracie asked, concerned.
"Gracie, it's him.  My God, this is him!" Gracie looked over her shoulder at a black and white photograph of Jameson Mallory.
"Jeanette, I don't understand," Gracie said.
"Gracie, this is the man that came looking for you in Maytown.  The one who told me about the box, remember?"
"Jeanette, this is Jameson Mallory.  He has been dead since, like the 1800s," Gracie told her.
"I don't care, that is him.  Ask the kids, Grace.  They saw him."  Jeanette yelled at the kids to come in there and she showed them the picture.
"That's the weird man with the cane," Aubrey said.  "The one asking for Aunt Gracie."
Jasper nodded. 
Gracie looked at Jeanette.  "I don't know what this means.  If it was him, and he is dead, why wouldn't he just find me here?"
"I don't know, Gracie.  It's very strange," Jeanette said.  Then she realized that the kids were both looking at her oddly.  "Come on, let's go eat.  I cooked bacon and eggs." 
*****
That evening, Gracie felt it was time to discuss everything with Brett.  She wasn’t sure if Jeanette could deal with any more stress and she had to talk to somebody.  Gracie would have sworn a week ago that she didn't believe in ghosts or curses, but now?  She would never forget the terrifying figure of the girl in the entryway of the plantation house.  
Gracie drove to his little decrepit house.  At ten pm, it was a little late to go visiting.  She hoped he was awake.  
She could see lights on inside as she pulled in the drive.  She bolstered her courage and got out.  He answered her first knock at the door.  He pulled her into the house and into his arms.
She let him hold her for a moment, savoring the feel of him so close.  
He listened intently, letting her vent.
“Jeanette told me yesterday that she had found out that my grandmother, Lydia Mason, was actually Belinda Mallory.  She was either delusional or was completely lying about her identity.  We really don’t know which.  But this only complicates matters worse,” she continued and told him about Meredith, the curse, and Billy.
His eyes widened at the mention of Billy. "I've known them all my life, but I didn't know that they had had a son.  Well, I think that after everything that has happened, maybe we should call a halt on the renovation until we get all this resolved.  I don't want my men added to the ghost collection.  When they are safely gone, we will go dig up that box.  Why don't I just do that on Monday?  I'll tell the men to go home Monday morning and bring the box back here with me.  Okay?"
"No!  I don't think that is okay.  I'm not sure you should even go with me to get the box.  I think that dream was a warning to me that if you tried to help me, Edgar would kill you!  You are sure not going without me." She was adamant.
"Okay.  We will go together, wait until the men have left, then go get the box.  But I think we shouldn't open it until we get it off the plantation," he said.
"It's a plan then."  She slipped her arms around him in a hug. “Thank you so much.”  She felt much better at having confided in him, and gratefully relieved that he had believed her.
He pulled her into his embrace and they sat for a long time, each lost in their own thoughts.  It was then that Gracie took a long look at Brett.  It wasn’t as though she hadn’t already memorized his face, his deep blue eyes, and blond wavy hair, but it did just now occur to her that he really looked a lot like Jeanette.  Especially in the dim lamp light.
She pulled away from him slightly.  “Brett, you have never mentioned your family.  Where are your parents?”
He gave her a half-smile.  “My father died years ago.  I never knew him.  My mother fell ill when I was seven.  I went to live with a neighbor.  Then, one day, my mother came and told me that she was leaving.  She wasn’t well and had to make plans for us.  That was the last time I’ve ever seen her.”
Gracie’s eyes were tearing up, thinking about it.  It had to be Sophie.  “What was her name, Brett?” Gracie held her breath at his answer.
“Sophie.  Sophie Galeman.  I used to wonder where she was and if she would come back for me.  She never did.  No matter, really.  I ended up with a good home.”
“You never knew what happened to her?” Gracie was beginning to really cry now.
“I stopped wondering about it years ago, Gracie.  Don’t cry, honey.  It doesn’t matter in the least, now.” He gave her a squeeze.
“Yes, it does,” Gracie said softly. “Jeanette is your sister.”
Suddenly, he let go of her and jumped off the couch.  “What?” he shouted.
“I’m afraid that it’s true.  Her mother’s name was Sophie.  She came from here.  She had a baby and was ill.  Perhaps she was planning on coming back for you, but she died, Brett.  I am so sorry.”
“This is impossible.”
“Brett, you and Jeanette look alike.  I didn’t realize that until tonight, but your features are very similar.  You have the same blue eyes, blond hair and it doesn’t stop there.  Your smile is the same.  I don’t know how I didn’t see it before.”
He sat back down.  “I don’t know what to think.  I would be proud to claim Jeanette for my sister.”  He hesitated a moment.  “Do you think she would agree to a DNA test?  I think we both deserve to know, for sure.”
“I’m sure she would.  She is really feeling lost right now, not knowing who her family is.  I think she would be thrilled.  Do you want me to tell her?” Gracie asked.
“I don’t know.  Maybe we should do it together.  What if you are wrong, Gracie?”
“I don’t think I am. And I am so thrilled for both of you.  You are the two people I love most in the world.”  Gracie kissed him quickly.  “I’d better get home.  Jeanette will be worried.”
“Okay.  See you in the morning then.” 
*****
Monday morning, Brett and Gracie waited outside for everyone to get there, so they could announce the temporary halt on construction.  
The crew arrived.  Brett was talking with them when Gracie noticed someone standing by the carriage house.  Whoever he was, he had her attention and motioned her to go over there.  She looked over at Brett and saw that he was deep in conversation.  She decided to walk over.  The boy seemed to want something.  He must have been from a neighboring farm or something.
As Gracie neared, she saw him enter the carriage house.  She walked in after him.  She didn't see anyone in the dim light, and called out.  She walked forward and felt the floor under her give out and she fell through.  She would have expected only a couple of feet, but she fell in a hole more than ten feet deep.  She hit hard enough to knock the breath out of her and felt her arm snap and it was bent under her.  A wave of pain hit her and she heard her scream echo.  She looked around her, but it was pitch black down there.  She moved her legs.  They didn't seem hurt.  She thought maybe she could stand up.  She tried, but the movement sent more pain washing over her.  She started yelling though she was sure that Brett and the guys wouldn't hear her.  
Out of the dark, she saw a white mist form in front of her.  It turned into a small black boy, just a baby.  He was the most beautiful thing that she had ever seen.  He smiled sweetly and reached out a chubby little hand to Gracie.  He touched her on the shoulder.  He just stood near her, patting her shoulder to comfort her.  Gracie was so enthralled with him that she forgot her pain and forgot to yell.  She just looked in the sweet, innocent eyes of the child and let him ease her pain.
"Gracie!  Gracie!"  She heard Brett yelling and the boy dissipated as the shouting began.  Gracie found her voice.
"Brett!  Brett, I'm down here!" she said, coming back to the real world.
"Gracie?  I can hear you, sweetheart.  How far down are you?"
"About ten feet, I guess.  Brett, my arm is broken."
"Are you okay?  Other than your arm?" he asked.
"I think so, but Brett it's really bad.  I think I might pass out." She was really feeling faint and sick to her stomach.
She could see a flashlight flashing far above her.
"Honey, stay awake!  I need you awake, okay?  I'm coming down to get you," he told her.  
"Okay, I'll try.  Please hurry."  She felt the pain throbbing strongly now.
He threw down a rope.  He climbed down easily.  His light found her face.
"Oh, baby!  I see."  He was looking her over with the light.  "Honey, listen to me carefully.  I'm afraid that we will have to wait for a stretcher to get you out.  He walked to her good side and knelt down beside her.  He caressed her hair.  "Mike called fire and rescue.  They should be here real soon.  Just stay as still as you can." 
He was really scaring her.  She must have been hurt worse than she thought.  
He saw the fear in her eyes.  "Oh, you will be fine, sweetheart.  It looks to be just your arm."  He wasn't going to tell her that the bone was sticking out and she was bleeding badly.   He wasn't going to tell her just how scared he was that she would bleed to death before the paramedics got there.  She did finally pass out.  He was trying to put as much pressure as possible on her upper arm, but she was still bleeding.
 
Chapter Twenty-five
 
Gracie opened her eyes slowly.  She didn't remember ever feeling this bad before.  Where was she, anyway?  She looked around the room.  She saw Brett sleeping in a chair beside her bed.  She was in the hospital.  
Then, suddenly, it all came rushing back.  She had fallen through the floor in the carriage house.  She didn't remember anything after that.  Probably a good thing, she thought.  She tried to sit up, but pain shot through her arm.  She gave a little shriek.
"Honey, it’s okay," Brett said and she looked up to see him leaning over her.  "It's good to see you awake."  He smiled tenderly and kissed her on the forehead.
"What happened?" she asked.
"Do you remember falling in the carriage house?" 
"Yeah.  I saw this boy.  He was young, a teenager, maybe, with red hair.  He was waving to me.  I thought that he must be from a farm around there or something.  He went into the carriage house and I followed him.  But when I came in, he wasn't there.  I walked forward trying to see where he went, and then I fell.  I don't remember anything else.  How did you find me?"
"You won't believe it," he said with a smile.  "A young, red-headed boy or ghost, if you prefer.  Art thinks it was Billy."  Then his eyes turned serious, "Honey, you were really hurt.  You lost a lot of blood.  Your arm broke and the bone went straight through an artery.  They had to do several surgeries and give you blood twice."
"Wow.  Am I okay now?" she asked fearfully.
"Yes.  You are okay.  You have to be careful with that arm, though.  The doctor thinks it will heal just fine.  I was so scared.  You've been out of it for days.  The nurses said that you were just sleeping, but..." he squeezed her hand.  Gracie saw his tears.
"Well, I'm okay now," she said and returned his squeeze.  "I love you, Brett."
"I love you, too.  He kissed her gently on the forehead. "I need to call Jeanette.  I promised that I would call as soon as you were awake."   He dialed the number and walked away from the bed.  He talked for a couple of minutes and then came back to the bed.
"I’d better call a nurse to let them know you are awake," he said and hit the call button. 
"All right, Brett, why did you walk away from me to talk to Jeanette?  What are you not saying?"  He looked like a fly caught in a spider web.  
"Honey, there are things that you just aren't in any condition to hear right now.  I promise you will know everything soon," he said gently.
"Brett Galeman, I swear you’d better tell me right now!"  Gracie tried again to sit up. 
"All right, but don't hurt yourself,” he said and propped up her pillows so she could sit up.
"Brett, what has happened?  Is Jeanette and the kids okay?" Gracie was starting into hysterics.
"They are all just fine, Gracie, I swear," he said, and she calmed down a little.
"Then, what?" she asked.
"It's Meredith Grandy.  She had a heart attack the other night.  She died," Brett said sadly.
"Oh," Gracie said and burst into tears. 
"I am so sorry," he said and put his arm around her.
"I-It was Edgar.  It was, wasn't it?" she asked, searching his eyes.
"I don't know.  She was an old lady.  It could have been natural," he said gently.
"But you don't think so," she said knowingly.
"Art believes it was Edgar.  He is scared for you, too.  He knows that you are his great-granddaughter.  That is why he helped you that first day.  He didn't want you going to the house alone.  He told me that the other night."
"I have to stop this.  Meredith told me.  Only I can break the curse.  As soon as we get out of here, Brett, I have to get that box.”
"Or we can simply burn the place down.  Doesn't fire purify?" he asked.
"I don't know.  I don't think that would work.  The curse covers the entire property, not just the house.  I have to stop it for good.”
“I'm not sure we should even go back onto that property.  Though, I would like to show you what you found.”
“Found?” she asked curiously.
“You fell into a tunnel.  I went back to check it out.  It is a series of tunnels under the plantation.”
“You shouldn’t have gone there alone.” She shook her head.
“I’m not sure we should go back at all.”
"Yes, Brett, we have to.  Don't you see?  There are so many innocent souls trapped there.  They deserve to be released.  If we do nothing, it will never end.  Besides, I want to cleanse that beautiful house.  It was built to be a loving home.  One day it will be again, I swear." Gracie said, determined.
"Well, not until you are far better, Gracie.  You will have to give yourself time to recover.  Honey, I almost lost you.  I can't go through that again." He grabbed her hand again.
"Is Jeanette coming?" Gracie asked.  
"Yes.  She had to go home for the kids.  I promised I would call when you woke.  She should be here in just a little bit."
The nurse walked in just then.  "Well, it's good to see you awake, Miss Lawson." She came over to the bed and checked Gracie's vitals.  "You appear to be just fine.  The doctor said only a liquid diet for a couple of days.  Can you rate your pain level for me?  From 1-10."
"About three, maybe," Gracie told her. 
"That's very good.  You are getting some pain medication along with antibiotic through your IV.  Please don't try to stand up by yourself for a couple of days.  You could get dizzy and fall.  You are much weaker than I'm sure you realize." The nurse turned to Brett, "Mr. Galeman, now that she is awake and doing well, you should really go home and get some rest.  We will take good care of her."
"Thanks for your concern.  I think I'll stay for a while longer," he told her.
"The doctor will be in to talk with you shortly," she said to Gracie, "He has already given the order for some food."
"Thank you," Gracie said, as the nurse was leaving.
"I hate that nurse!" Brett said.
"Well, she is right.  There isn't anything you can do here, for now.  How long have you been here?"
"I've showered here.  I slept at night.  I'm fine."
"Brett, go home.  Get some rest.  Please, for me.  You can call me and check on me from there.  Get a good rest and come back in the morning," Gracie told him.  
He leaned down and kissed her gently.  "If anything happens, you will call me.  I will be back later tonight."
                        
Chapter Twenty-Six
 
Jeanette arrived only minutes after Brett had left.
"Oh, Gracie! I'm so happy you are awake."  She ran toward the bed, smiling.
"Hi, Sis.  I'm sorry if I scared you.  How are the kids?"
"They are fine.  They love it here.  I think I've decided to stay, Grace.  I'm going to sell Gram's house.  I thought maybe Brett might have a house for us, too."
"That's wonderful, Jeanette.  I am so glad you will be close," Gracie said.  She could feel herself growing tired already.
"Gracie, I found out about Sophie.  Brett told me.  There really was a Lydia.  She was a house maid at the plantation.  Lydia and Sophie’s mother were sisters and Gram and Lydia were best friends.  The real Lydia was killed the night Gram left the plantation, according to Art.  Gram had stayed in contact with Sophie.  Since Sophie had no one else to care for her when she got sick, she contacted Gram.  I really don’t know why she would leave Brett behind.  She must have thought she would get well and come back for him.  We are going to do a DNA test to be sure, but Art told us the whole story.”
"I'm glad you know now," Gracie said, trying to take it all in, but she was too drowsy.  "Jeanette, I'm so sorry, but I have to sleep now.  When the doctor gets here, will you please wake me?"
"Don't be sorry, honey.  And I will wake you, I promise," Jeanette said and patted her arm.
The doctor showed an hour later.  He woke Gracie up gently.  
"Gracie, I am Dr. Jones.  I am going to check your eyes and reflexes real quick."  He shone a light in her eyes.  He did this while talking to her. "Your fall did a real number on your arm.  You had artery, muscle, and tendon damage.  Honestly, when we got you, there was little holding it together at all.  We performed three separate surgeries.  We are hoping for minimal damage.  Truthfully, we won't know how successful we were until it heals.  Afterwards, physical therapy will be recommended.  In the meantime, you must be easy with it.  No carrying, lifting, nothing.  I don't want you to so much as pick up a pencil with that hand.  It will likely take a few months to heal.  I'm going to keep you here for another couple of days.  If you seem strong enough on Friday, you can go home.
You will probably get full use back, but it might be a while. Luckily, your fiancé stated that you are right-handed.  Right now, the hope is that you will eventually be able to carry with your left arm.  Beyond that, we just don't know.  You will be surprised how quickly you will adapt to being one-handed."  He patted her right arm.  "I will be by to see you tomorrow.”
As he left the room, a young woman came in with a tray of food.  Broth, applesauce, apple juice, and gelatin.
Jeanette walked to the bed to adjust Gracie's pillows for her so she could sit up.
"Well, at least I'm alive, I guess," Gracie said. 
“It could have been so much worse, Grace.  You had lost so much blood, they weren't sure that you were going to live."  
"I'm sorry, Jeanette.  I'm angry right now.  There’s something I have to do.  I don't have months to wait.  Edgar already got to Meredith.  Who could be next?  I have to find that box and end this thing before more people are hurt."
"Gracie, Meredith was an old woman who died of a heart attack.  You don't know that it was Edgar.  This curse has been going on for centuries.  What difference can a few more months make?" 
"It does, Jeanette.  When I came here, I stirred it all up again.  I am the last living Mallory.  If I don’t break the curse, then all those souls will be trapped for eternity.  I can’t allow that, Jeanette.”
"They almost killed you, Gracie.  How could you want to go back?" Jeanette was pacing the room.
"They didn't, Jeanette.  It was an accident.  I fell, but even if it had been deliberate, I would still have no choice.  I have to find out how to break that curse," Gracie said and started eating the lukewarm broth.
After Gracie had eaten, she needed to sleep again.  She sent Jeanette home to be with the kids.  True to his word, Brett was back at 10:00 that night.  Gracie was awake when he arrived.
He looked much better and had showered and shaved. He walked to her bed and bent down.   He caressed her cheek and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.
"Hi," he said softly and kissed her.  He pulled the chair close to the bed so he could hold her hand.
"Hi," she answered, and smiled slightly. 
"Jeanette called me.  She is upset over the plantation thing.  Don't worry, honey, she just doesn't understand.  She loves you, though."  
"Oh, I know.  This has been hard on you both.  Getting hurt was my fault, for not watching where I was going."             
"I think Billy was trying to show you the trap door.  I don't think he knew you would fall through.  It was a piece of pipe that your arm landed on; its sharp edge must have cut right through you.  But what he was showing you was a tunnel.  I didn't follow it; I thought we should do that together.  Where you fell, there’s a larger space, like a small room."
"I wonder where the tunnel goes?" she said.
"I think the tunnel is important.  Gracie, I felt different down there.  Lighter somehow.  I think that the tunnels are where the good hide from the bad."
"I don't understand.  You mean that only good spirits are down there?" she asked, confused.
"Yes.  I think that Billy was trying to show you a safe place to go to."
"Oh.  I had forgotten," she said, "There was a boy, Brett.  Down in the hole with me."
"Was it Billy?" he asked.            
"No.  It was a very small boy, maybe two or three years old.  He was a little black boy.  He came to me and smiled a sweet baby smile.  He stood beside me and patted my shoulder.  He was trying to comfort me.  That's why I can't give up, Brett.  I have to break that curse - for that child and all the others that are imprisoned." She gave him a mischievous look and changed the subject.  “Did you tell the doctor that you were my fiancé?”
He grinned, “Well, they wouldn’t let me in here otherwise.”
 
         
        
Chapter Twenty-Seven
 
Home from the hospital, at last, Gracie came in and sat heavily on the couch.  Brett left her there and went into the kitchen.  He was back in less than a minute and handed Gracie a can of soda.  
"Thanks,” she said gratefully.
"We are going to have to put off our trip to the plantation, honey." 
"No.  We are going in the morning.  I have to get that box.  Do you have the necklace?" She looked up at him, daring him to argue.
"Yes, I have it," he said, looking grim.
"I wish we had a second one.  Maybe we could find a talisman for you to wear tomorrow." She looked worried.
"I don't think that I'm the target.  It's you that can break the curse.  Why should they want to harm me?" 
"Why did they harm Meredith?  It was because she was helping me.  I really don't like this.  I think I should go alone."  
"I'm not letting you go by yourself.  Besides, you can't handle a shovel.  Anyway, you are as weak as a kitten.  I don't think you could make it by yourself."
He sat down and put his arm around her. 
"We’ll do it quickly then," she said, "We will drive the truck directly to the field and park near the tree.  We'll get out, dig it up, and be out of there in minutes.   Then we will come back here to open the box.  Later, we can explore the tunnel, okay?"
"Okay," he agreed reluctantly.
"I'll tell Jeanette that if we aren't back within thirty minutes, she should call the police department to come look for us."
"I don't think anything will happen, but better to be safe." 
*****
Gracie was wearing the heavy necklace, but really, it was Brett she was worried about.  She couldn't convince him to wear it instead.
All was quiet at the plantation.  It was strange to see it deserted again, with no workers.  They drove around the house and to the back field.  Brett had brought Meredith's map along, and the tree was easy to spot.  As they got out of the truck, the wind started to pick up.  Brett grabbed the shovel from the truck bed and they walked to the tall oak tree.  Gracie closed her eyes, trying to remember the exact spot from her dream.  It had been about a foot from the base of the tree.  
"Here," she said and kicked the grass in the correct spot.  Brett started to dig.  As he disturbed the ground, the wind started to blow stronger.  By the time he struck the metal box, Gracie had to hold on to him to keep her balance.  It had turned into a great storm.  The tree limbs were bending toward the ground.  Gracie looked up just in time to see a large tree limb falling toward Brett.  She gave him a quick push just before it would have come down on his head.  He looked startled as he saw the branch lying over the hole.  He pushed it away with a heave, grabbed the box and then grabbed Gracie's good arm to pull her back to the truck.  The hurricane-like wind fought them for every step.  They reached the truck and Brett pushed Gracie in first, thrust the box at her and got in.  He had to struggle against the force of the wind to shut the door.
He started the truck and slammed it in gear.  Dust and debris was flying everywhere as they flew down the drive and back onto the highway.  As soon as they left the property, the wind died down.  They were both shaking while driving back to Gracie's house.
They didn't say anything as they walked into the house.  Gracie collapsed on the couch; her arm was aching from all the activity.
“Are you all right?” Brett set the box down on the dining-room table.  
“Yeah, my arm just aches.” Gracie grimaced as she changed positions to get comfortable.
Brett yelled up the stairs to Jeanette who came, flying down the stairs at the sound of his voice.
“You got it?  Already?” Jeanette asked and then looked at Gracie in concern.  “Are you okay, Grace?”
“I’m okay.  Let’s just see what is in that box,” Gracie said, determined.
“How do you intend to open it?” Jeanette asked.
 Gracie went to her room and got the key she had found in the shopping bag weeks ago.  For some inexplicable reason, she was sure that it fit that box. She went back downstairs with it.
Brett set the box on the coffee table. He gave Gracie a bewildered look as she held out the key. Taking the key from Gracie, he struggled to unlock it.  The rusty metal was resistant, but finally opened.
All three of them looked eagerly inside.  The contents seemed pretty random.  There were three brightly painted stones, a feather, and what looked like two locks of hair; one black and one red.  In the bottom was a book.  Upon closer inspection, it was a journal.  Belinda’s journal.
“What is all this?” Jeanette asked, bewildered.
“I think maybe it is a Voodoo starter kit,” Brett said and grinned.
“This is hardly something to joke about,” Gracie said, glaring at him.  “But, yeah. It kinda does look like that.”
“You need some aspirin, Grace?” Jeanette asked.
“No.  I’ll be fine.  Just need to rest.  Sorry for snapping.” 
“Well, now that the box mystery is solved, why don’t you rest?”  He led her to the living room and helped her onto the couch.  He sat beside her and said, “You can read that journal later.”
“No, we’d better read it now.  Jeanette, why don’t you read it aloud,” Gracie said and lay back down, resting her head on Brett’s knee.
“Okay. Just let me run up and check on the kids before starting,” Jeanette said and sprinted up the stairs.
 
        
Chapter Twenty-Eight
 
In the beginning, Belinda talked lovingly about her father, Edgar.  It seemed that they were close.  The journal had been a gift from him for her thirteenth birthday.  It read like any typical teenage diary.  Belinda did, indeed, have a best friend who was a maid in the house.  Her name was Lydia.  It seemed that Lydia, Belinda, and Billy were a trio, doing everything together, with Belinda always being the instigator in their mischievous adventures.  
Then the journal stopped for several years and continued the year Belinda turned sixteen.  Something was wrong with her father and had been for a while, and now Belinda was seriously worried.  The kind and gentle man that he had been was turning mean and contemptuous. He had gotten into an argument at the church where he had been a deacon for many years.  Suddenly, no one in the family was allowed to attend.  He spent more and more time shut in the den and came out only to chide the servants or yell at his wife.
Belinda had grown up with the stories of ghosts on the property and had heard all about the slave Dahlia and her ancestor, Alfred Mallory.  It was intriguing, but Belinda had yet to see a ghost on the plantation.  Not until now.  Not until her father began to act strangely.  
The first thing that was out of the ordinary was the whispering.  It started one day and could be heard throughout the house on a daily basis.  It was a muffled sound that could be heard in various parts of the big house.  Belinda and her mother were both afraid and when they brought up the subject to Edgar, he called them superstitious fools.   He told them that they were imagining it.  He heard nothing.   Then things began to move in the shadows during the night.  Belinda was terrified to even sleep.  It wasn’t until she saw a real apparition that Belinda finally confided in her friends.  
Lydia admitted to hearing the voices, but she hadn’t seen anything else.  It was Billy’s idea to visit a Voodoo Queen in Atlanta.  The three of them went together.  
The woman gave them instructions, but didn’t seem very positive about them breaking the curse.  In order to break a curse like that, there had to be blood from both sides of the curse -- Dahlia’s and Alfred’s.  Billy was a descendant from the slave Dahlia as Belinda was from Alfred’s.  Their best bet was to intertwine locks of their hair and dip it in boiled blood root.  She gave them a chant, but told them that it had to be done in the place the curse had been originally enchanted.
They left without much hope.  How were they to find exactly where Dahlia had done her Voodoo?  
It was Billy who told his mother about the trouble at the plantation and about their plan.  Meredith had seen firsthand how haunted the plantation was when she was a girl working in the house.  She also knew a secret that was passed down the generations from Dahlia.  There was a series of tunnels under the plantation.  They included several large rooms where slaves once gathered.  One of these was Dahlia’s Voodoo temple.
Belinda, Billy, and Lydia found the tunnels and did as they had been instructed.  Instead of the desired effect, it seemed to worsen and the supernatural activity increased.  Also, Edgar’s behavior seemed even more bizarre.  Several servants had left due to his abuse.  Belinda feared the worst.
Billy and Belinda went back to their Voodoo queen and told her that their ceremony had not worked.  It was then that she told them of the only way she knew to make it work.  There had to be a union between the families.  Only a child from that union would be able to remove the curse.  
Belinda had loved Billy for years, but didn’t think her father would let them marry.  It was Billy that suggested that if she got pregnant, Edgar would have to give his consent.  The father that Edgar had been a couple of years ago would have done that, but Belinda had her doubts about this new Edgar.  This would also mean that the curse wouldn’t be removed until the child was old enough to perform the ceremony.  That would be years.  It would be too late for Edgar.  Or would it?  If the story was true, then he would be trapped along with every soul that had died on the plantation since Dahlia first issued the curse.
In the end, they went ahead with their plan.  They met every evening in the field by the pond.  Within a few months, Belinda was pregnant.   
That was the last entry in the journal.
Gracie was crying silently while Brett was caressing her hair.
“What I don’t understand is what happened?” Jeanette said, laying the book on the table.  “Why didn’t your grandmother or your mother come back and break the curse?”
“I think they died before getting the chance,” Gracie said quietly. “I wonder at what point Gram lost her mind.  Was it Billy’s death that caused it or being alone and pregnant?”
“So, can we safely say that Edgar was being influenced by Alfred or whatever evil force is on the plantation?” Brett asked.
“If it was Alfred, wouldn’t he want the curse broken?” Jeanette asked, confused.
“Not if it would put an end to his reign on the plantation,” Gracie observed, “I’m sure that it was not Dahlia’s intention to give Alfred immortality.”  Another thought was growing at the back of her mind, but Gracie didn’t dare give voice to it.  If Edgar had been influenced by Alfred, could Belinda have also?  Could she have murdered her daughter and granddaughter to keep them from what she had at first intended?  It somehow made sense.  Had her anger been unnatural when Gracie left?  Had Gracie actually saved herself from the same fate by moving away when she had?  Surely not!  
        
Chapter Twenty-Nine
 
“You know, we could still burn it down and sell the property for farm land,” Brett told Gracie later that evening.  They were sitting on the couch at his shabby little house.
“I’m not going to lie to you, Brett.  I’m really scared about this.  I know that you think that my fall was an accident, but I’m not so sure.  How am I going to get down in that tunnel with my arm in a sling?  Sure is convenient for me to be suddenly handicapped.”
“I will be right there with you –if you decide to do it.  You really don’t have to.” 
“I do have to and we both know it.  Those people trapped there are my family.  Both sides of my family.  They are being forever tormented by Alfred.  Meredith said so.”  Gracie noticed the strained look on Brett’s face.  All of this was taking its toll on him.  It really was unfair of her to drag him into this.  “Honey, if you don’t want to do this, I understand.”
“I know that the plantation means a lot to you, but I think you should wait a while.  It’s not going anywhere and you need time to heal.  Do some research on voodoo.  See if you can get more information on the plantation.”
“Brett, what about Art?  He is all alone now.  We need to see that he is all right.  I can’t believe that I didn’t get to go to the funeral.  Art is my only living family.”
“Art is staying in town at Rhoda’s house.  I can take you there tomorrow if you like.  Right now, you need to get some sleep.”
“I slept all afternoon.” Gracie yawned.  
“Well, sleep some more,” Brett said and adjusted the blanket for her while she stretched out.
Brett waited until she was asleep, then grabbed the phone and took it into the other room.
Pouring himself a cup of coffee, he dialed and listened to it ring as he sat down at the kitchen table.
“It’s about time!  What happened?  Did you find the box?” the creaky voice asked excitedly.
“Ya, we got it.  I don’t like it, Art.  It feels like we are using her.  I didn’t think it would be this dangerous.  I was almost hit by a falling limb while digging that thing out of the ground.”
“But you convinced her.  She believes the story.”
“She believes it.  It wasn’t hard.  It is true, after all.  I don’t want to see her hurt, Art.  Why aren’t we just telling her the whole truth?  I don’t see your point in all this.”
“She wouldn’t believe it.  Hell, I had a hard time believing it.  Don’t let your love blind you, boy!”
“And if she never forgives me for this?”
“This isn’t about you or her; it is much bigger than that.” Art gave a deep sigh.
“Art, you are wrong to think she wouldn’t help if she knew the truth.  She already loves this town and the people.  She has cried for days over Meredith’s death.”
“She is an outsider!  Even if she did buy your pretty little cottage and intends to stay, she cannot understand the gravity of it all.  Alfred has to be stopped and by rights that plantation belongs to the town, not some naïve kid from Oklahoma.  Brett, have you even asked yourself if she could handle the truth?  She is just a fragile little thing.  She just lost two grandmothers in a row.  Alfred has killed her entire family.  She and I are all that is left and I won’t be here much longer.  He has to be dealt with before we are both dead, too.  If not, he will be truly immortal.  That is how demons are born.”
“And if he kills her?  What then?” Brett asked angrily.
“Then we are all doomed.” 
Those words resonated in Brett’s mind late into the night as he tried to sleep.  They were all doomed if the curse wasn’t lifted.  Alfred had to be banished, but were they just leading a lamb to the slaughter?  What if the old man was just ranting?  Was he risking losing the love of his life on something that may not even be real?
*****
Over the next few days, Gracie took Brett’s advice and willed herself to heal quickly.   She did some on-line research and found a practicing Voodoo Queen living in Atlanta.  It might be expensive, but she made an appointment to see the woman.
Chapter Thirty
 
Not being able to drive was the hardest thing about her arm, but Gracie had Brett drive her into Atlanta for her Doctor’s appointment and to see the Voodoo Queen, Almira Hayes.
The doctor was impressed with how well she was healing, but insisted that she not attempt to use that arm yet.
Almira Hayes was something of a surprise.  She was an older woman, possibly in her sixties.  Other than her moon and star earrings that hit her shoulders, she looked more like a farmer’s wife than a mystic.  Her southern accent seemed a little too dramatic as she introduced herself to the two of them.
“So, what is it I can help you with?” she asked, giving Gracie an once-over.
“We have a curse to remove,” Gracie said, looking around the shop at all the oddities.
“Okay.  Well, I generally charge by the nature of the curse.  First, are you positive that you have actually been cursed?  If not, sometimes it can go awry and do damage to an innocent party.”
“Well, it’s not that I have been cursed, personally.” Gracie went on to explain the situation.  Almira listened intently until Gracie was finished.
“Hmm.  A generational family curse.  I haven’t had much experience in such matters.  You will have to give me a few days to research this and find the best way to deal with it.”  She turned and gave Brett a serious look.  “This Alfred may be hard to deal with.  Even after the curse is lifted, he may not leave without a fight, but you already knew this, didn’t you?” Her eyes bore through him.
“I-a well, I had thought about it somewhat,” he answered nervously.  
“You have more than thought about it.  If you intend to work together on this, your honesty is imperative.  You cannot fight evil with deceit in your heart.” She was still glaring at him as they were leaving.
Gracie didn’t say anything until they were both in the van and on their way home.
“What did she mean, Brett? And don’t try to lie to me.  The guilt is written all over your face.” Why is he holding back on me?
“I promise that I will explain, but there are others involved, Gracie.” He glanced over and gave her a pleading look.  “When we get back to town, we will pick up Art. He and Jeanette should both be present.”
Brett looked back at the road.  His heart was in his stomach.  It is all over between us now, he thought.  She had trusted me so unconditionally and I betrayed her.
*****
Everyone was seated in Gracie’s living room.  Jeanette had arranged for one of the bridge club ladies to watch the kids.  Gracie was trying to brace herself for what was to come, but she knew that it was bad by the way Brett kept eyeing her guiltily.
She was surprised when it was Art that took over the meeting.
“Gracie, I am sorry to say that all of this was my doing.  Brett was only doing as I asked.”  He looked puzzled for a moment as if wondering where to begin.  “You see, my Meredith had inherited some of nature’s spiritual gifts.  She could see things and even speak to the dead.  I know this may be hard to believe, but it is true.  
We knew that you were coming before your arrival because Belinda had told Meredith.  Belinda told Meredith many things.  Some of which will shock and upset you to no end, which is why we didn’t want to tell you the whole truth.  Everything you know now is only part of it.  You have suspected that Alfred had influenced Edgar, but the reality is so much worse.”  He hesitated and his grey eyes took on a haunted look.  “Alfred actually possessed Edgar.  Edgar was a good man, strong-willed and stubborn, but good.  By the time of his death, he was stark raving mad and had murdered Billy and his own wife.  He would have killed Belinda if she hadn’t escaped.”  Art paused to let that sink in.
“If that were true, then why wasn’t Edgar prosecuted?” Jeanette asked unbelievingly.
“There wasn’t enough evidence to convict him for it.  Belinda was lucky that she escaped.  Though she really didn’t.  You see, Alfred found that he could leave the plantation through Edgar.  As a spirit, he was tied to the plantation, but with control of Edgar, he could roam at will.  When Edgar died, that was all over for him.  There was no one on the plantation left to possess.  At least, not until Belinda showed up a few years later.
It seems that Belinda was better at fighting Alfred than Edgar had been, but still she shared a body with that demon.  He made sure that her offspring didn’t live to break the curse, but was careful to make sure that it looked natural.  He didn’t want to lose his Trojan horse.  When Gracie left Oklahoma, Belinda rejoiced, but Alfred was enraged.  Belinda was strong enough to keep him from going after her, but in the end, the fight was just too much for her heart.  When she died, she was set free and Alfred returned to the plantation.  She was so worried about you and came straight to Meredith.” 
Gracie didn’t know how to process this information.  Jeanette looked just as perplexed.
“Anyhow, though her urgency was to end the curse and weaken Alfred, I worried that you would suffer the same fate as Belinda.  After all, he had already possessed two of his descendants.  I don’t think it is possible for him to possess anyone other than his own bloodline or he would have done it by now.”
Jeanette looked in horror at Gracie.  
“Don’t worry, I’m still me,” Gracie said, at her look. “So, how does Brett fit into the grand scheme of things?” she continued bitterly.
“I asked Brett to keep an eye on you.  Distract you, if you will, while we figured a way for you to break the curse and keep you dispossessed.  If Alfred or Edgar got to you, you could really wreak havoc in this town.  It would be letting a murderer on the loose.  That curse has to be broken and you are the only one with that ability.”
Gracie didn’t hear a word after it sunk in that Brett was distracting her.  How far did he go to distract her?  Was their entire relationship fabricated to distract her?  
“I think I’ve heard enough,” she said, her pain-filled eyes met Brett’s and then she ran up the stairs to her room.
Jeanette turned to her brother with cold eyes that could kill.  “How could you use my sister that way?  You couldn’t just take her to the movies or invite her to church?  Instead, you tell her you love her?  I think you’d better leave.”  
Brett cowered under her gaze.  He knew she was right.  When he got to the door, he turned to face her.  “I wasn’t playing her, Jeanette.  I truly love her.  Come on, Art. I think we have done enough damage here.”  Art followed him out the door
Chapter Thirty-One
 
Gracie wasn’t sure who to mourn first -- Belinda, her mother, her grandmother, Meredith, Billy?  Just how many people had died at Alfred’s hands?  Maybe even Sophie.  And then there was Brett!  How could he have betrayed her that way?  Why not just tell her the truth?  Was it all a lie?  
For the first time in days, Gracie took a pain pill for her aching arm.  She lay back on the bed, too emotionally stressed to even sob.
She felt like she had been pulled into a vicious nightmare and she couldn’t wake up.  Ghosts and demons were not supposed to reside in the real world.  She would never forget the look in Almira Hayes’ eyes when she had looked at Brett that day.  It was that moment that her world started to completely unravel.  
What was she going to do now?  Part of her wanted to pack up and leave it all behind.  The other part wanted to stomp Alfred into the ground for good.
A thought then occurred to her.  Belinda wasn’t tied to the plantation because she hadn’t died there.  Jameson Mallory died before the curse so he wasn’t tied either.  If both of them were willing to stay of their own volition, then how could she walk away?  Billy had died for nothing if she didn’t complete this mission.  With or without Brett, she had to stay and see it through.
The evil eye necklace may have fooled Edgar, but not Alfred, assuming that Belinda had worn it as well.  She needed protection.  Hopefully, Almira would come up with something.
*****
The next morning, a red rose appeared with a note attached.  It was from Brett.  The note read, “I will send a rose every day until you understand how much I love you, even if it is for the rest of my life.”
Gracie sighed and put it in a vase of water.  She set it in the center of the table and pondered it, thoughtfully.  She wasn’t ready to deal with him just yet.
A week went by and the vase filled up.  Still, Gracie didn’t call him.
“Gracie, it is obvious that the man loves you,” Jeanette told her that Friday.  “You should have seen his face when he left that night.  If I hadn’t been so mad at him, I would have realized.  You need to call him.”
“I don’t see a bunch of roses as proof of his love.  How can I trust him again?  I’m not asking you to hate him, Jeanette.  He is your brother and I respect that.”
Gracie’s phone gave a shrill ring and she answered it, glad to get out of the conversation.
“Miss Lawson, this is Almira Hayes.  I think I have come up with a plan to remove the curse.  I will come there in two weeks.  It’s better in the full moon.  Let’s make it Tuesday, June 22.  I will bring everything you need.”
“Ms. Hayes, I need protection from possession.  Is that possible?” 
“Yes.  Actually, I’ve already thought of that.  Your colored stones should help, as well.  I will see you then.” 
Well, that was easy enough, Gracie thought.  She just had to cool her heels for two more weeks.
“Who was that?” Jeanette asked curiously.
“It was the Voodoo Queen from Atlanta.  She says that she is coming here in two weeks to help me break the curse.”
“Well, that will give you time to make up with Brett,” Jeanette said slyly.
“I have no intention of making up with Brett!  Why do you think I should?  Because of his roses?” Gracie gestured to the vase.
“Well, you aren’t throwing them out, are you?” Jeanette said pointedly.
Gracie rubbed her left arm, relaxing the ache.  
“Grace, I know you love him.  How long are you going to punish him?”
“How do you know he feels punished?  He may be out on the town every night.” Gracie had to giggle at her statement.  Being out on the town in Swanson wasn’t exactly a wild time.  “You can go see him if you want to.”
“I’m not going to go spy for you!  If you want to see, go for yourself.” Jeanette stomped out of the room.
Why should she go to see him?  If he really wanted to see her, loved her, then why didn’t he come here?  Instead, he sent a note and roses.    
*****
It was that night that Gram came to her.  It was the real Belinda, not the mix of good and evil she had known.  This woman was a softer version of the other.  
Gracie was in that state of half-sleep and at first, she thought it was a dream.  Gracie opened her eyes wide at the apparition.  Not so much afraid but rather in a state of wonder.  Gram looked at her in a loving manner that she had seen only on rare occasions.  Then, two other ghostly images appeared behind her.  She recognized Meredith right away.  The other one was a beautiful black woman.  It had to be Dahlia.
“We will all be with you, Darling.  We will all be with you.  You do not have to stand alone.”  Gram reached out and gently patted her hand before they all dissipated into nothingness.
A feeling of peace and comfort flowed over Gracie as the truth set in.  If this was a war, then Alfred was very much outnumbered.
Chapter Thirty-Two
 
Gracie was up at dawn on the day that Almira Hayes was due.  Tonight would be the full moon and whatever happened would be over soon.  Almira was going to be here by one o’clock.  They had a lot to go over before they actually did the ritual.  Strangely, Gracie felt as she had when she had gotten the lead in the school play in the sixth grade.  Her stomach was fluttering with nervousness.
It had been three weeks since she had spoken to Brett.  The vase was full of roses in different stages of deterioration.  She couldn’t bring herself to throw any of them out though many were shriveled and dead.
Jeanette had informed him of the ritual and he, apparently, intended to attend.  Gracie was almost as nervous about that as she was about the ritual altogether.  
The extra couple of weeks had been good for her arm and the constant ache had left.  Now it only hurt when she bumped it on something, which she did habitually.
Almira showed up on time and the woman, strangely was dressed more for a work-out in a gym than for a mystical ceremony.  She had brought a large grocery back containing things they needed.  After setting it on the dining-room table, she looked around the room.
“Where is Mr. Galeman?” she asked, with a concerned look.
“He isn’t here.  He is coming to the plantation tonight, though,” Gracie told her.
“No, no, no.  He needs to be here.  We can’t plan this without him.  Can you get him here?” Almira said, shaking her head.
“Well, we aren’t really speaking just now,” Gracie said, not making eye contact with the woman.
“Not speaking?  Honey, I don’t care if you are fighting or what you are fighting about, but you need him.  He is part of your protection.  Please, get him here.”
Gracie turned to see Jeanette come into the room.  “The kids are down for their naps,” she said cheerfully and smiled at Gracie.
“Jeanette, Almira thinks Brett should be here.  Would you give him a call?” Gracie asked, her large, green eyes pleading.
Jeanette gave her a disapproving look. “All right.  You do know that you will have to talk to him once he is here, right?”
“Probably,” Gracie said noncommittally and turned back to Almira, who was pulling things out of her bag and laying them out on the table.
“You don’t have to worry about most of this stuff, Miss Lawson,” Almira told her.  “I’ll do the mixing and most of the chanting.  Removing the curse should be fairly simple--a little blood root mixed with some herbs with a lock of your hair.  You will have little part other than your presence.”  She looked up into Gracie’s face.  “It is Alfred that you will have to manage mostly on your own.  I will show you how and give you the protection, but defeating him will be up to you.  I will tell you no more until everyone is here.”   She turned back to her work.
Gracie left her to it and joined Jeanette in the living room.
“Did you call him?” Gracie asked.
“I called him, Grace.  He and Art will be here in a few minutes.” Jeanette leaned back in the chair.
“Why is Art coming?  I thought he was too afraid to go to the plantation,” Gracie asked, surprised.
“I don’t know.  Maybe he just wanted to be here.  He feels responsible for what happened between you and Brett.”
“I suppose in a way, they were trying to protect me, too.  I do love Brett.  You know that, but I am afraid to trust my own judgment, anymore.  I feel stupid, Jeanette.”
“You aren’t stupid, Gracie.  Brett and Art were wrong for what they did, but they didn’t set out to hurt you.” 
Gracie almost panicked when she heard the knock on the door; however, she answered it herself.  Brett stood in the doorway and they just stared at each other for a few seconds.  Gracie looked away first and stood aside to let them in.  Art kept his eyes downcast as if ashamed to look at her directly.
They all went to the dining room and sat around the table to hear Almira’s plan.
“This ritual tonight will be done in three parts.  Who is actually going to the plantation?”
“All of us, aren’t we?” Art answered.  
“I have a babysitter coming, so I can go,” Jeanette said, which was news to Gracie.  She had assumed that it would be just herself, Brett, and Almira.
“I don’t think anyone should put themselves in unnecessary danger,” Gracie said.  
“We want to be there, Grace.  Don’t worry. We won’t interfere.”
“Actually, the more the better,” Almira said.  “The more positive flow we have, the better the chance of cleansing.  Now, the first part will be removing the curse.  It should be a simple endeavor.  All I ask is that you be silent during the ritual.  
The second part will be between Gracie and Alfred.  Have any of you heard of protection possession?” Almira looked at them curiously.  When no one responded, she continued, “Well, what it pertains to is letting a spirit take possession of your body in order to protect or help yourself.  This is what I am asking Gracie to do tonight.   I will call out spirits to help her banish Alfred for good.  I believe it will work.”
“I don’t like the sound of that!” Brett objected.  “What if her body can’t handle it?  What if her mind can’t?”
“She will have you to ground her and she will be protected.  It will only last for a few minutes,” Almira answered.
“How is this going to banish him?  Exactly what am I supposed to do?” Gracie asked.
“After the curse is broken and the trapped souls are released, he will become much weaker.  Not so weak, though, that he will be easy to handle.  He will be angry and still quite a force to be reckoned with.  You and Brett will leave the tunnel.  You will place the painted stones in a circle around you with Brett as part of the stone ring.  Together, with the others residing inside you, you will simply force him to leave.  When that is accomplished, I can do a spiritual blessing and cleansing.”
Well, that sure sounds complicated enough, Gracie thought.  She had to become possessed to keep from being possessed.  Her eyes roamed over toward Brett, who was seated at the opposite end of the table.  He was looking at her intently.  She wondered if she looked as terrified as she felt. 
Chapter Thirty-Three
 
Brett drove them out to the plantation.  Everyone was so silent that it felt like going to a funeral.  
Almira had given each of them a carved wooden talisman to wear.  Gracie wasn’t sure if it was for added protection or just her version of a souvenir of the ritual.  Either way, it seemed ridiculous to wear the ruby amulet with it.  
“No one waste any time getting to the tunnel entrance,” Almira was instructing.  “If Brett is right, we should be safe once we are down there.”
Gracie felt dread rise up as the plantation came into view.  It was dark, but the moonlight lit the place well enough to see.  It was 11:00 now.  Almira wanted time to set it all up and finish the ‘removing the curse’ part before Gracie’s midnight rendezvous with Alfred.  
Brett slipped his hand into her right one and gave it a light squeeze as he helped her out of the vehicle.  
The plantation was utterly still.  There was not even a breath of wind, no chirping crickets, nothing but silence and a sense of being watched.  It was a creepy sensation, but it was as if they were being surrounded by people who were staring at them with invisible eyes.  The heaviness in the air was stifling.
Brett had parked a few feet from the carriage house and he had to practically drag Gracie into the space that had held so much of a trauma for her, already.
Jeanette and Art followed with Almira in the rear.  Brett turned on his flashlight and descended first, then turned and helped Gracie, who was awkwardly climbing down using her one arm.  Other than that one stream of light, it was pitch black down there.
One by one, they each turned on a flashlight and followed Brett.  Gracie wondered how they would know where to do the ritual.  
“Aww, God!” Jeanette shrieked.  She had just walked into a cobweb and was wiping it from her face.  “It’s awful down here!”
“You can go back up if you like,” Art said, amused.
Even for the cobwebs and dust, the atmosphere was significantly lighter in the tunnel than above.  
“Uh…That’s okay,” Jeanette said, trailing behind.  
The tunnel narrowed and they had to go single file for about ten minutes before the tunnel opened into a large shadowy room.  
“This is it,” Almira said, waving her flashlight around the room.  Finally, it rested on what looked to be an altar of some sort that had been carved from the rock.  She seemed unperturbed as she went directly to it and began to unload the contents of her paper bag.  
Brett and Art had wisely brought along a couple of small lanterns and lit them.  They sat them on either side of the long table, giving Almira some more light to work by.
Jeanette and Gracie sat down on the dirt floor and watched the preparation.  Almira filled her black pot with water and various unknown herbs.  Likely, one of which was the blood root she had mentioned earlier.  She lit the white and black candles, and began chanting softly to herself.  When she was ready, she motioned Gracie to come forward and positioned her directly in front of the altar.  Then she clipped a small piece of Gracie’s hair and added it to the pot, which contained what now was a bright red liquid.  Almira’s face seemed to glow in the candlelight as she closed her eyes and continued her chant.  
The rest of them watched the candles creating jumping shadows on the wall of the cavern and Almira standing and shaking her hands in the air.  As her voice, now reaching a maximum crescendo, echoed through the old tunnel walls, a sudden draft came from somewhere.  It snaked through the tunnel and hit them like a blast of cool fresh air, blowing out the candles.  
Almira’s glowing face settled into a bright smile and she opened her eyes.  The silence seemed deafening at the sudden cease of her chanting.  “It is done.  They are free.”
*****
The first part was over and now, Gracie’s fear had doubled.  In only a few minutes, she would have to face Alfred.  She had no idea what to expect.  
The Voodoo queen handed Brett the stones and reminded him of what his part was.  She grabbed Gracie by her good hand and her large brown eyes looked into hers.  
“There is no reason to fear.  You are protected.  These spirits that will enter are not going to harm you.  Just don’t fight them.  Let them help you.”
The entourage headed back the way they had come, and up the ladder.  What had been a silent still night when they had gone underground was anything but that now.  The wind was reminiscent of the day they had unburied the box.  It was blowing hard enough that they had to fight to stay upright.  Brett held on to Gracie’s hand and pulled her along.  The group gathered in front of the mansion.
“Brett, the stones!” Almira shouted, her voice nearly lost in the sound of the storm.  Brett had to let Gracie go in order to set the stones.  He made a small circle around Gracie with himself as part of the link.  When he looked back toward Gracie, he no longer saw the fragile girl he had pulled through the tunnel.  She suddenly seemed taller, stronger, and she had lost her fear entirely.  She stood glaring into the wind with an anger and purpose he had never seen before.
Chapter Thirty-Four
 
As soon as Brett let go of her hand, Gracie felt a different swirling around her apart from the wind.  Almira’s chant wasn’t necessary this time as she felt each of the entities enter her body.  She immediately recognized each of them-- Belinda, Meredith, and Dahlia.  
As the wind continued to whip around her, she felt anger like never before building inside her.  All of the tragedy that Alfred had caused flickered through her mind like a movie strip gone mad.  She let all of it flow through her being.  
She could hear the chanting, but didn’t realize at first that it was coming from her own mouth.  It was Dahlia, at first, but soon the other three spirits encased in the small body joined her.  What came out was a chorus, drawing out Alfred.
The others, Jeanette, Art, Almira, and Brett watched in wonder as a brilliant blue aura began to surround Gracie.   Her eyes turned to focus on something in front of the house.  Whatever she saw was invisible to the rest.
Gracie saw the demon, Alfred, stumble out of the house as if pushed from behind by an unseen force.   The apparition gave an angry roar that frightened Gracie and she lost her focus for only a moment.  She looked around, bewildered and her eyes met Brett’s.  His eyes sent her the message she needed.  She centered in on Alfred once more and let the spirits surge through her.  Alfred was caught and doubled his efforts sending tree limbs and dust flying, but Gracie was safe within the circle.  The ground beneath them began to shake.   
Alfred was twisting violently to get loose of an invisible restraint and Gracie could see that they weren’t going to be able to hold him for long.  To her right, she could see Jeanette, Art, and Almira, clinging to each other in order to stand against the wind.  Alfred saw her distraction and raised a hand in their direction.  
Dahlia took over the reins and held up Gracie’s good hand.  A blue ball of light appeared in the open hand and projected directly at Alfred.  The ball hit him square on and both exploded in a brilliant blue and white light.  
Gracie went limp and fell to the ground as the maternal souls left her.  The plantation seemed darker in the night after the blinding flash.  She felt Brett’s arms around her and heard the voices of the others as she went into a dead faint.
*****
She woke up hours later with the morning light streaming in through her bedroom window.  She looked over and saw Brett sleeping in the chair by her bed.  It reminded her a little of waking up in the hospital.  She didn’t want to wake him, but she wanted to know what had happened.
She looked down at herself and realized that she was still fully dressed and filthy from the tunnels.  She decided to get up and take a shower before waking him.  
When she stepped out of the bathroom, fully dressed in clean blue jeans and a t-shirt, Brett was awake and waiting for her.
“That’s totally unfair.  You look as fresh as a daisy while I am still covered in dust,” he said, grinning at her.
“We did it, didn’t we?” Gracie asked, giving him a serious look.
“Oh, yes, you certainly did it, babe!” He stood and pulled her into his arms.  She put her arms around his neck to receive his kiss, but he pulled back and looked at her quizzically.  “Are you sure you are alone in there?”
Gracie couldn’t help, but tease. She gave him an empty, cold stare and said in a monotone voice, “I’m sure.  The question is which one am I?” 
“Gracie, that isn’t even funny!” he said, in consternation.  
*****
A year later, they were celebrating the opening of the Mallory Plantation Retirement Home with a Grand Ball.  The room sparkled with newly restored blue and gold and hummed with the voices of guests.
Gracie stood behind the punchbowl, watching as Art swept Veronica Brewer across the floor in a graceful waltz.  Her great-grandfather was looking rather handsome and dapper at his age.  He had promised to dance only one round.  
Gracie was amazed at the turn-out.  Half the town was there.  She spied Brett dancing with a giggling Jeanette.  She looked lovely in a blue gown.  
The orchestra played the last few strands and Gracie met Brett’s gaze across the expanse.  
“You’d better go dance with your prince.” Gracie hadn’t noticed Mary Joe coming up behind her.  “I’ll take over. Go on.”
Gracie grinned at her friend and went to join Brett.  The pearl-colored tile seemed to glow beneath their feet as they glided across the room.  
“You know, for a carpenter, you are pretty light on your feet,” Gracie whispered in his ear.
“With that heavy stone around your neck, it’s a wonder you can move,” he teased, his blue eyes dancing.  She had decided to wear Belinda’s necklace tonight for luck. 
“It’s the one on my hand that is weighing me down.” She held up her hand in evidence, the diamond glittered under the light of the chandelier.  
“Too bad, that one stays on.” He gave her a stony look and tightened his hold.
Standing within the arms of the man she loved and surrounded by the warmth of friendship and family, Gracie felt that more than the curse of Dahlia had been lifted.

