Masks
By Greg Hunt
Copyright © 2014 by Greg Hunt
Published by Greg Hunt at Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Please remember to leave a review for my book at your favorite retailer.
ONE
Last Respects
Even dead, Edwin Raines appeared unimposing, ordinary, and utterly forgettable.  His slender frame, dressed in a loose dark suit and cradled in pale satin, seemed somehow too small for the mahogany coffin, like a child sleeping on his parent's bed.  Wisps of brown hair were combed across his balding head, and the makeup on his face had been so skillfully applied that the pale tones of his skin looked altogether natural.  His only accessory was the gold wedding band on one finger.
The air near the coffin was a dizzying stew of dizzyingly floral odors unique to funeral environments.  Gazing down at his dead friend, Danny Skerett realized that, had he not already known how Edwin Raines died, he might not have noticed the small bullet wound in his left temple.  Darkish red and slightly raised, as small as a pencil eraser, it could have easily been mistaken for a mole.  There was no exit wound so the small caliber bullet must have simply ricocheted around inside Edwin's skull, causing a mercifully swift death.
Others were in line waiting for a glimpse of the body, so Danny did not linger by the coffin.  As he turned, he glanced toward the private seating area reserved for family.  It was empty, although he knew Caulder, Edwin's wife, must have already arrived.
The chapel it was about half full.  A respectable turnout, Danny thought.  Most of the attendees would be business associates and social acquaintance of Caulder who felt obligated to attend the funeral.  The collective amount of true grief in this room for the reclusive Edwin Raines himself probably wouldn't have dampened an average-sized handkerchief.
In truth, Danny thought, he was one of the few people here who knew Edwin Raines well, and even their friendship had faded over the years.
Walking back down the center aisle Danny recognized several faces.  His and Caulder's business and social circles frequently intersected.  He paused to shake a couple of hands, muttering the expected solemnities, then went to the back and took a seat beside a scruffy, lanky man in his mid-fifties.
Jack Welsh slid over a few inches.  "That's the best I've ever seen Edwin look," he said in a harsh whisper.  "At least his shirttail is tucked in and he doesn't look like he's waiting for some bully to steal his lunch money."
"Show some respect, you insensitive prick!" Danny hissed.  Unrepentant, Welsh just shrugged.
Welsh wore his wiry gray hair pulled back into a ponytail.  He shaved irregularly, and today's bristle looked several days old.  He wore a brown tweed jacket, old jeans with a hole above the right knee, and sandals with no socks.  This was as dressy as it got for him.
"Here's irony for you," Jack whispered.  "Finally people start showing the little twerp some respect when he's too damned dead to feel good about it."  Jack loved prospecting everyday occurrences for nuggets of irony.  Sometimes he was so delighted by his discoveries that he couldn't resist snatching out paper and pen and writing them down.
"Your cynicism is one of your most endearing qualities, Jack," Danny said.  "That and your uncanny ability to say the wrong things at completely inappropriate times."
"I am an observer of life, and I comment on the truth as I see it," Jack replied pompously.  "Those who can't handle that are not my concern."  His breath reeked of onions and pipe tobacco, and his jacket smelled like it had recently been wet.
Jack Welsh made a good living writing novels about angry, shrewish women who slashed and ravaged their way through the male population, but who were ultimately punished in horrific ways.  Billed as suspense, most were macabre forays into abnormal psychology.  In fact, it was a given that the woman always did it.  Jack's ex-wife Elizabeth had threatened lawsuits several times because of the unflattering similarities between her and Jack's evil female protagonists, but she never followed through.  Jack once confided to Danny that he had something in his safe-deposit box that came in handy when Elizabeth's threats and accusations became too shrill.  He never had confided what it was.
"Just keep your trap shut until this is over, Jack," Danny said.  "I feel like one of the rowdy kids in the back of the church."
"Well you brought me here.  You should know by now that I don't behave in public."
Danny gave his companion an exasperated look.  He had driven Jack to the funeral only because Jack called asking for a ride.  Three back-to-back DUI arrests had lost Jack his license, and he still owed the county several weekends at the Penal Farm.
The scattering of quiet conversations stilled as three black-clad figures filed in.  They stopped beside the coffin to bid their farewells to Edwin's spiritless remains.
The woman on the left was bent with age and used a black, gold-tipped walking stick.  Her black dress hung loosely on her frail shoulders, and a black lace veil concealed her face.  That was Lavinia Raines, Edwin's mother.
Beside Lavinia stood her other son Martin.  Martin Raines was of average height and build, and unlike his younger brother, always dressed immaculately.
Danny had known Martin for many years, but they had never been friends in the way that Danny and Edwin were friends.  Boy and man, Martin Raines had always been the dominant older brother, treating Edwin as his personal minion, scapegoat and subordinate.
Standing two feet to Martin's right was Caulder Raines, Edwin's wife.  She wore no veil, and the blondish highlights of her shoulder-length brown hair contrasted nicely with the black silk of her widow's weeds.  The simple knee-length dress tapered smoothly, but not too tightly, over her slender waist and hips.  She clutched a tiny black bag in one hand, and a lace handkerchief in the other.  She made an elegant widow.
Finally Caulder turned and walked to the family seating area in a side alcove.  The others followed a moment later.  Despite her frail dependence on the cane, Edwin's mother moved with dignity, her eyes never straying toward the chapel.  Once seated, Danny could not see the three mourners, but he doubted that they clustered together in shared grief.
Recorded organ music began.  It was a droning, dirge-like rendition of "Ave Maria".  People begin to squirm restlessly, but even Jack held his tongue and waited with childlike impatience for something to happen.
Finally an elderly man in priestly garb entered from the left and stopped at a podium.  His head was bald except for tufts of gray above his ears.  His face was fleshy, and his nose and cheeks were spackled with crimson patches of roseatia.  Half-lens glasses sat well down on his nose, and he fumbled with his index cards as if trying to arrange them in some meaningful order.
"Edwin Chester Raines was born on September fourteenth, nineteen hundred and sixty-six in Memphis, Tennessee.  He died at the hands of an unknown assailant on September fourth, two thousand and five."  For all the empathy in his voice, the old padre might be announcing Edwin's shirt size.  "He was a graduate of Riverdale High School, and earned his bachelor's degree in history at Rhodes College.
"Edwin Raines was the loving husband of Caulder Frances Raines.  He also leaves his mother, Mrs. Lavinia Raines, and one brother Martin Raines."
So much for the obituary from Monday's newspaper, Danny thought.
"Although retiring and gentle of nature," the priest continued, "Edwin was a generous man, and a respected member of the Memphis business community.  Together with his brother Martin, he successfully ran Raines Antiquities for over twenty years until its destruction by fire two years ago."
The priest paused to shuffle his cards, adjust the angle of his glasses, and gather his wits.
"Edwin was an enthusiastic supporter of numerous community organizations, including the Rhodes College Alumni Association, United Way, the American Heart Association, and the Memphis Chapter of the Numismatists and Philatelists Association of America."  The old man's tongue stumbled uncertainly over that last pronouncement.
Jack Welsh leaned toward Danny and whispered, "I'd bet granny's garter-belt that old fartknocker never even met our dear departed pal Edwin."
Danny agreed.  The priest's stilted pronouncements conveyed no warmth, no sense of loss, no real tribute to their dead friend.  For all the true feeling in his eulogy, he might have been reading the warning label on an aspirin bottle.
But then, who besides his wife and family had known Edwin well?  Not anyone Danny was aware of, including himself.
His thoughts strayed back to the previous Christmas when Edwin and Caulder attended the obligatory annual bash Danny threw at his home.  That night was probably the last time he had seen Edwin alive, although he always seemed to be running into Caulder around town.  Danny had greeted the couple at the door, shaking Edwin's small, pliant hand, and giving Caulder an affectionate hug.  In his dark green sweater and black trousers, Edwin struck Danny as a man who could never find clothes small enough to fit him well.
Caulder plowed into the crowd of guests, dispensing hugs, pecks, and holiday greetings with every yard she gained into the room.  She was personable, quick-witted, self controlled, and always an entertaining guest.  She seemed to know everybody in Memphis, or at least everyone that Danny knew.
By contrast, Edwin haunted the fringes of the rooms, hardly more noticeable than a potted plant.  Once Danny spotted him in the kitchen interrogating the chef about the seasonings in a lobster dish on the buffet.  Later Danny saw him again in the library examining a Frederick Remington bronze of a cowboy clinging frantically to the back of a fantastically twisted bucking bronco.  They discussed the piece, both uncomfortable despite their decades of friendship.  Danny explained that he'd bought it in an antique store on Royal Street in New Orleans.  Edwin knew the store and its owner, which provided the grist for a few more moments of labored conversation.
The exchange had saddened Danny.  Gone forever was the easy camaraderie of two adolescent friends, boys on the fringes of the activities and social circles that seemed so urgently important in the Riverdale High microcosm.  They had pulled each other through some difficult times.
As they talked that night at the Christmas party, Danny remembered reflecting on the odd union between a beautiful, outgoing businesswoman like Caulder, and an unimposing, bookish, man like Edwin.  What had brought them together, and what mysterious glue kept them joined in their unlikely union?  It didn't make much sense, particularly from Caulder's perspective.  What did she see in this man that kept her with him for fifteen years?
However, Danny knew that there were no reliable rules to this sort of thing.  There was no magic formula for the bonding of personalities that warded off failure and guaranteed enduring happiness.  After all, hadn't he and Shelby seemed the perfect match?  When they married, he felt like the planets had aligned to bless their union.  But look what happened there.
When the priest exhausted his canned background material, which didn't take long, he rambled into a theological dissertation on the sacred contract between God and man.  As he defined the agreement, man should worship and serve God here on earth, and in return God provided a place of eternal joy and rest in the afterlife.  Standard funeral boilerplate.
An old man several rows up nodded off, then jolted awake with a loud, startled snort.  The priest seemed to take that as a sign that he was losing his audience.  He started wrapping things up, charging the family to accept God's will and trust that Edwin was now in "a more glorious place."
He droned through a final prayer, announced that a graveside service would be held for family members only, and dismissed the assemblage.
Jack Welsh rose, packing his stained Meerschaum with richly-scented tobacco even as they started out.  "Funerals always make me thirsty," he announced, his voice inappropriately loud.  "What say we stop on the way back and raise a glass in Edwin's honor?"
"It's a little early to start drinking, isn't it?" Danny asked.  Glancing at his watch, he saw that it was not yet two.
"Who's starting?" Jack asked.  "I knew I wouldn't be working today, so I had a couple of Heinekens for breakfast."  As soon as they stepped outside, he lit the pipe with a wooden match and drew deeply.  Plumes of aromatic smoke jetted from his mouth and nose.
They drew aside, watching the crowd stream out of the funeral home.  A few people nodded or spoke, but nobody paused to chat.  Most were eager to get back to work at this hour on a Wedesday afternoon, Danny thought.  Neither death nor the planners of its rituals respected work days and busy schedules, but once the dead were honored, life must continue.
"So Danny, how long did you know Edwin?" Jack asked.
"Since high school," Danny told him.  "He was one year ahead of me.  We were close buddies for about two years, but we didn't see much of each other after he graduated and started at Rhodes."
"If you hung around with him, you must have been a dull penny yourself."
"I was," Danny said offhandedly.  "But there was more to Edwin that most people ever realized."
"Do you think there's anything to the talk that Edwin might have engineered his own demise, so to speak?" Jack asked.  "The flapping tongues are saying that Caulder's indiscretions finally got to him, and that a bullet was his method of escape."
"I've heard that talk, and I think it's bullshit," Danny growled.  "Why would a desperate, suicidal man go out in his driveway a few feet from the street to shoot himself?  And my contact with the MPD said no gun was found at the scene."
Danny also considered challenging the implied indictment of Caulder in Jack's question, then decided not to bother.  People had been passing around that trash talk for years.
"The problem is that just being shot during a robbery is altogether too boring," Jack said.  "The piranhas are never going to swallow that story, not when there's this meaty infidelity and suicide angle to feed on.  Damn the facts."
"Let them say what they want," Danny said.  "I've never seen Caulder worry about that kind of talk, so I won't either."
Jack was distracted by the rear end of a young woman walking past.  He grunted appreciatively, smoke swirling around his head like a pale hood.  It was pathetic the way he gawked and flirted with young women.  But what was remarkable was how often his targets responded receptively to his leers and lewd advances.  Jack never seemed to lack female company.
Neither of them could probably have said how long their unlikely friendship had existed, but it dated back to Danny's early days at the Memphis Scene, long before he purchased the bankrupt publication, renamed it the Bluff City Beat, and made it successful.  In his youthful zeal to become a journalist through and through, (meat, bone, hair and hide, as his grandfather used to say) Danny made a Midtown bar called Printer's Alley his second home.  Then and now, hard-drinking reporters and editors from both daily newspapers hung out in that smoky, run-down sanctuary, along with a colorful amalgam of starving artists, actors, writers, and fringe characters of every persuasion.
Jack Welsh had also been a regular at Printer's Alley, though for different reasons.  Still married to Elizabeth, the bar was his refuge from a marriage that was already a sad, bitter battleground.  An insurance salesman by day, he adopted the author's persona among his nighttime beer-bar compatriots.
Fifteen years Danny's senior, Jack affected the world-weary wisdom and brutal cynicism of a Jack Kerouac or Lenny Bruce.  Over countless beers, their crowd bemoaned the sad decline of American literature, scorned the profit-takers who cheapened the arts, and plotted fanciful adventures to Pamplona, Malibu, and the Alaskan wilderness.
The world-weariness and cynicism were still there, but wanton years of alcoholism and careless living had robbed Jack Welsh of much of his former charm and vitality.  After his inevitable divorce, he actually became the successful novelist he yearned to be, but the interesting paradox was that much of the raw clay for his works came from the married life he previously lived.
Danny had moved beyond that lifestyle years ago, but his friendship with Jack Welsh survived.  Jack popped up everyplace when you least expected him, usually half drunk, always ready to editorialize and scandalize.
"When I go, I think I'll specify that my body should be thrown into a wood chipper," Jack commented.  "I don't mind dying so much, but I despise the idea of being laid out in a box and put on display in front of a room full of dipshits."
"If it's any consolation, Jack," Danny told him.  "I don't think the room will be all that full.  I doubt if I'll show up unless you leave me some cash or a car or something."
"That's what I like about you," Jack said.  "You're practical.  Now about that drink.  I think it's our solemn duty to raise a glass to our dead-by-whatever-hand friend Edwin."
"No, I want to stick around and see if Caulder needs anything," Danny said.  "But I saw Lynne Furbusch heading over to the parking lot.  I bet you could get her to drop you off at some convenient watering hole.  Or you could call a taxi."
"Alright, but you're proving to be a disappointment to me as a drinking buddy, Danny Skerett."
"I'll try to live with the shame, Jack."
As Welsh ambled off in search of a ride to Midtown and liquid nourishment, Danny turned in the opposite direction.  Rounding a corner, he saw two funeral home workers preparing to load Edwin's coffin into a hearse for the short ride to his permanent resting place.  Both men were about fifty, solemn, nondescript, dark-suited individuals.
Edwin's coffin remained on a gurney nearby, waiting to be loaded.  But they were having a problem with some mechanical contraption in the back of the hearse.  One of them fumbled with a screwdriver and wrench while the other supervised, speaking in the same grave tone he probably used in his financial negotiations with the bereaved.
Just inside the door, Danny paused to express his condolences to Edwin's mother and brother.  Lavinia Raines accepted his words with chilly acknowledgement, then turned toward the open door and the hearse beyond, as if the operation required her supervision.
Martin Raines was more civil.  "Thank you for coming today, Danny.  My brother would have appreciated it," Martin said.  Unlike Edwin's limp fish handshake, Martin's was brisk and firm.  "This show of support by Edwin's friends means a lot to mother and myself."  He had a way of speaking in an affected, overly precise manner that seemed incongruous for someone born and reared in the Deep South.
"Edwin and I were good friends," Danny said.  "This is a terrible tragedy."  He felt a little silly mouthing such empty pap, but those were the things you said when no more heartfelt sentiments came to mind.
"It's hit mother and me very hard," Martin admitted.  "My brother and I were extremely close, as you know.  But we'll simply go on with our lives, as we must."
Danny nodded, as if Martin Raines had said something profound, then turned to find Caulder.  She stood at the back of the room, apart from her in-laws, looking alone and uncomfortable.  She smiled with relief at Danny, and gave him a warm hug.  Danny heard Lavinia Raines snort over by the door as they embraced.  In a moment the old woman and her son went out to watch over the loading of Edwin's coffin.
"It's good to see a friendly face," Caulder said, casting a hostile glance toward her in-laws.  "Being around those two is like falling into a barrel of ice water."
"I didn't want to leave without telling you how badly I feel about Edwin's death," Danny said.  "Can I do anything?  Do you need anything?"
Caulder brushed a wisp of hair back from her cheek and mustered a melancholy smile.  She had a well-shaped oval face, and large, expressive brown eyes.  Her skin was smooth and slightly tanned.  Her wavy brown hair was cut just above her collar.  "Thanks, Danny, but I guess there's nothing.  To be honest, all I really want is for this nightmare to be over.  Poor Edwin, shot like that, and then laying in the driveway all night..."  Her eyes rimmed red and her voice caught in her throat.  "Maybe if I'd been home..."
Edwin Raines was killed Sunday night beside his black Mercedes in the driveway of their home on Central Avenue.  The bullet struck the left side of his head at a slightly upward angle.  His wallet and watch were missing, and the murder weapon had not been found.  His briefcase, which lay on the front passenger seat, had been rifled.  His keys were found under the car, which might explain why his killer had not stolen the Mercedes or entered the house.
The newspaper deliveryman spotted Edwin's body early the next morning.  Caulder was in Los Angeles when the police notified her of her husband's death.  She was traveling with a band called Unslung Heroes that her entertainment management company represented.  Such trips were common for her.  She was on the road more than she was home, accompanying clients and promoting their interests.
"Don't start feeling guilty about that, Caulder," Danny advised.  "If you had heard the shot and gone out, you might be dead now, too.  And you couldn't have saved him.  Cheryl Tooney told me that kind of wound would be immediately fatal.  Edwin didn't lay there suffering."  Tooney, one of his off-the-record sources with the Memphis Police Department, had provided him with other details from the coroner's report that he chose not to recite to the widow.
"Fatal..." Caulder repeated, as if it was the only word she heard.  She fought back tears, then took Danny's hand and said, "You know what's funny?  Edwin was the one who was concerned with the crime in our neighborhood, I was always cavalier about it.  He was so careful about strangers, and he worried when I'd go out running alone.  You'd think it would have been me who got shot by some street punk, not him."
"It was just plain bad luck," Danny said.  "Have the police given you any new information?  I don't suppose they've found the gun or arrested anyone."
"No, but they're coming back later today.  They still have my front yard and most of my house taped off."
"Even inside the house?" Danny asked.  "I thought they found the house locked and undisturbed."
"They did," Caulder told him.  "But since I was out of town, they wanted to try to determine if Edwin had any visitors before he was killed.  They want to look over his office one more time, and check a few more places for fingerprints.  That kind of thing.  The only rooms I've used since I got home are the master bedroom and bath."
"Did Edwin have many visitors?"
"An occasional client, maybe.  But most of his clients were wealthy, so he usually went to them.  Otherwise, he never entertained when I was out of town.
"I don't think the police have anything," Caulder went on, "so they're grabbing at wisps of smoke.  It's too early to give up, but they don't really have any leads.  If it was just a random robbery, I doubt they'll ever find anything."
"Who's the lead detective?" Danny asked.
"A man named Mike Parmalee.  That guy gives off a creepy aura," Caulder admitted.  "He's got a cocky grin, and he seems to always be talking to my legs or my chest."
"I know Parmalee.  Defintely a second-stringer.  I wish Cheryl Tooney had drawn the investigation."
"I feel like they're wasting their time snooping around in the house.  When I got home, nothing was out of place except what the police had disturbed, and nothing of any value was missing.  We even checked the contents of both safes using Edwin's own inventories, and everything was there."
Caulder looked at Danny with moist eyes, and there was a faint desperation in her voice that tugged at his heart.  "I just want my house back, Danny," She said.  I just want them to take their rolls of tape and their evidence kits and their questions and get out so I can mourn my dead husband."
"I suppose your business is also on your mind," Danny offered.
"Sure.  I can't help but think about it.  Things were a mess when I left LA.  We were in the middle of some bare-knuckles contract negotiations.  Since I got Unslung Heroes booked on Letterman everybody realizes how hot they are, and the sharks are circling.  These boys could be my next big breakthrough band, but if I don't stay on top of things, I might lose them.  It might sound selfish to talk like that with my husband's body lying in a coffin outside, but I didn't die.  My life and my business will go on, and I can't afford to ignore that fact for long."
Hearing the words spill out of her, Danny understood how she must have been wrestling in her mind with all of this since Sunday.  Caulder's brown eyes searched his for understanding, and he tried to offer what reassurances he could.
"That's natural.  You shouldn't feel guilty about it.  Edwin wouldn't have wanted you to let your life fall apart, Caulder," he said.  He reached out and rested a hand lightly on her shoulder.  But for the nearness of her in-laws, he might have drawn her to him.
"I know, but I feel like I shouldn't be thinking about anything but him," Caulder admitted.  "I can only imagine what a hardhearted bitch people will think I am if I get on a plane in two or three days go back to work.  Especially them."  She inclined her head toward the glass doors where her in-laws waited for the ride to the graveside.
"If you left this afternoon, would they think any worse of you than they already do?" Danny asked.  "And as far as that goes, how will they know when you leave?  Somehow I doubt if they'll be calling you every day to see how you're bearing up."
Caulder looked up at him and smiled.  Her eyes silently conveyed her gratitude. "You are a good friend, Danny," she said.  "To Edwin, and to me."  She kissed his cheek, and he felt the imprint that her lipstick made after she drew away.
"They're waving for me," she said.  Danny took his hand off her shoulder and she brushed past him.  The two men had managed to slide the coffin into the hearse and close the hatch.
Outside Lavinia Raines and her son glared impatiently at Caulder.  The old woman looked like someone had stuffed a green persimmon in her mouth.
TWO
Single Affairs
Since Shelby left him, Danny seldom ventured out socially, and he prepped himself mentally for tonight's party at Mud Island Marina like an athlete.  He had a classy date lined up, an honest-to-goodness uptown girl.  The white Mercedes convertible was detailed, and he'd tried on more outfits than a teenager.
Early in their separation Danny decided he wasn't going to play the "who gets which friends" game with Shelby.  He turned down invitations to anything he thought she might attend.  There would be time later to sort out boundaries, but for now he just wanted to keep the peace.  If that meant staying home, or limiting himself to occasional evenings in the dives and beer bars that he knew Shelby shunned, then so be it.
The marina party was different, though.  A tight community of boat owners hosted this annual floating block party, and Danny had a standing invitation from two close friends.  One was from Lottie Batayanga, managing editor of his magazine, who lived with her brother and sister on a spacious houseboat with the odd Filipino name of Kili-Kili.  The other was from a retired audio engineer named Jesse Fines, who had worked for Danny's father for decades at Bluff City Tracks, his small, independent recording studio.  Jesse lived on a smaller, more humble houseboat crammed with fifty years of Memphis music memorabilia.
"Thanks for inviting me tonight," Marietta Blades told Danny as they started down the steep cobblestone landing toward the marina entrance.  "I was about to go nuts after a week with my parents and their Depends crowd."
"It looks to me like your parents are running with a pretty fast crew," Danny said.  "The other night when I was over there, a group in the dining room was doing Ensure shooters.  And the guys on the sun porch were divvying up black market Viagra."
"I knew it was getting to me," Marietta said, "when I asked my mom to wake me from my afternoon nap in time for Wheel of Fortune.  Two weeks at home is ten days too many."
Trudging down the uneven cobblestones, Marietta clung to Danny.  Her grip on his arm and the occasional brush of her body felt pleasant and promising.  Her perfume smelled incredible, and when he glanced over at her, she flashed him a toothy smile.
The floating walkways between the swaying boats were filled with partiers when Danny and Marietta joined the throng.  At an open-air bar, Danny offered his date a glass of wine, but she opted for the hard stuff.  She ordered a double Jack Daniels with Coke, and he got a Heineken.  The woman showed promise, Danny thought as she drained half the plastic cup.
A former Memphian, Marietta now worked at a big brokerage house in New York.  They had met a few days earlier at her parents' fiftieth wedding anniversary celebration.  Before his retirement, her father led a large banking conglomerate in Tennessee, and the party was predictably lavish.  A friend introduced him to Marietta, they hit it off, and a couple of drinks later he found himself inviting her to the marina party.
At thirty-three, Marietta was twice divorced, and proclaimed that she was no longer looking for anything permanent from men.  Work was her passion, and her goal was to retire at fifty with a hundred million or so in fun money.
Marietta was charming and attractive, with a full figure that showed no signs of surgical assistance.  She had a pretty smile, a quick wit, and big brown eyes.  Tonight she was dressed to impress in a mid-thigh patent leather skirt and a tight knit top.
Fifty feet along the network of floating docks, Danny spotted an all-too-familiar head of long blond hair in the periphery of a group ahead.  The textures of the smooth brown shoulders were as recognizable to him as the back of his own hand, and the yellow summer dress was one that he himself had paid three hundred dollars for in Charlotte Amalie. Bad luck, Danny thought, tipping his beer bottle back and chugging.
He had both dreaded and anticipated this moment, knowing he would probably run into Shelby sometime tonight.
His wife's date was a couple of inches taller than Danny, and considerably huskier.  Thick black hair swept back in waves across his head, and his sideburns were as thick as paint brushes.  A knit shirt strained to contain his bulging chest and upper arms.  His features were chiseled, and not unhandsome.  Just the kind she was going for these days.
"Oh hell," Danny muttered under his breath.
"What is it?" Marietta asked, trying to see what he was looking at.
"My ex," Danny told her.  "With another guy."
Danny had told Marietta about his separation, but assured her that he remained married only in a legal sense.  Urban sophisticate that she was, Marietta considered the distinction unimportant.  Now, understanding what Danny faced, she took his arm in both of hers and snuggling possessively.  "Don’t worry, big boy.  We’ll give her reason to be jealous, too."
"I'm not jealous," Danny lied.
A sixth sense seemed to alert Shelby. She turned and looked directly at Danny.  Her features broadened into a bright smile, and she exclaimed, "Will you look at this!  The old bear has left his den for one night!"  The twinkle in her big green eyes and the lilt of her voice alerted him that she was mildly drunk, and she had turned on that kittenish charm that melted men like Hershey bars.
 But her expression changed to puzzlement, then outright shock, when she saw Marietta.
"She’s your ex-wife?" Marietta exclaimed.  Danny looked at her, not understanding her incredulity.
"That’s her," Danny said.  Then he fumbled through an introduction of sorts.  "Marietta Blades, this is Shelby Skerett. Soon to be Shelby Halloran again when our lawyers quit diddling each other."
"My goodness gracious alive!" Shelby exclaimed, regaining her composure as she scanned Marietta from top to bottom.  "Hello there, skanky britches.  So you're finally out on parole?"
"Hello to you too, slut bunny," Marietta answered with saccharine malevolence.  "Did your pimp give you the night off so you could crash to this party?  Or is this him?"  She examined Shelby’s date like he was something her cat threw up.
The tall man was as befuddled as Danny by the brief, profane exchange between the two women.
"This is my new friend, Rink Pollard," Shelby said, this time to Danny.  "Rink sells heavy industrial something or other, and he's in town for a convention.  We met last night at the Peabody Hotel bar.  I've been showing him around."
"Heavy industrial air filtration systems," Rink Pollard explained dutifully, as if the clarification was somehow necessary.  Pollard's hand rose, and Danny shook it grudgingly.  Marietta also gave his hand a quick, businesslike pump.
"Are your shots up to date, Mr. Pollard?" Marietta asked.  "If you’re going to hop around with this little bunny rabbit, I’d recommend preemptive penicillin and plenty of latex.  Three or four raincoats wouldn’t be too many, if you know what I mean."  Grinning malevolently, she clapped three quick times at Shelby.
"Ah, Skanky Mattie, I had forgotten what a delightful sense of humor you have," Shelby said.  "Not many crack whores can maintain such a positive outlook so far into middle age."
"Just good genes, I guess," Marietta said.
"Yes, as I recall, you always had good jeans," Shelby replied.  "Although they were down around your ankles a lot of the time."
Danny had heard enough.  He had expected some kind of scene when he encountered Shelby, but couldn't have imagined that his date and his wife might be old acquaintances with so many unsettled issues.  They were beginning to draw a crowd.
"Is it reasonable to assume you two know each other?" he interrupted.
Marietta burst out laughing.  "Your darling wife and I are old Lausanne School chums," she explained to Danny.  "We practically grew up together."
"And even after so long," Shelby said.  "You’re still trying to get your hands on everything I have.  Even my husband."
"Well didn’t you put him back on the market?  And anyway, you have Air Filter Charlie here, don’t you?"
Both women looked at Rink Pollard with similar disdain.  A confused scowl darkened Pollard's blocky features.  Nervous twitches rippled through the corded muscles of his thick neck and jaw.  He was already history, Danny noted with a spark of dark satisfaction, but Shelby hadn’t yet shown the decency to tell him.
"I hate to interrupt this stirring reunion," Danny said, "but I need another beer.  Maybe you two of you can get together before Marietta leaves town and bludgeon each other senseless."
"Sure, let’s go," Marietta agreed.  Then, turning to Shelby with a bright smile, she said, "I’m so happy I got to see you, Bunny FooFoo.  You look so gooood!  Almost lifelike."
"So do you, Skanky," Shelby gushed.  "Why, you’re just a walking advertisement for the wonders of Botox and liposuction."
Marietta was still laughing as Danny led her through the crowd to the next available bar.  He ordered her another Jack and Coke, then switched to vodka and orange juice for himself.  A ten-dollar tip ensured that both drinks were sufficiently potent.
"So you actually married Shelby Halloran," Marietta said.
"I must have if I'm divorcing her now."
She tested her drink, then took a big swallowed and smiled approvingly.  It was almost straight whiskey.  "The question that comes to mind is why?"
"I loved her," Danny said almost defensively.  "Why else?"
"There’s lots of other reasons!" Marietta laughed.  "But I guess love is no worse than any other.  Why did she marry you?"
"For love, I thought," Danny admitted.  "But I’m not sure anymore.  I quit trying to figure it out."
"If she’s like she was, she probably did marry you for love, but not the kind you’re talking about.  Not the permanent kind," Marietta told him.  "In high school, Shelby fell in love four or five times a year.  She’d fall hard for almost anybody.  Jocks, teachers, mechanics, musicians.  She had an affair with an intern in her brother’s law firm once.  It burned white-hot for maybe two months.  Afterward, his marriage broke up and he quit school.  And while his life was falling apart, Shelby was going hot and strong with the starting pitcher at Christian Brothers."
"Okay, I get it," Danny said impatiently.  "I’m just more road kill."
"I’m not trying to hurt your feelings," Marietta said, stroking his arm.  "I thought it was information you might want.  So you'll realize it’s not anything you did."
"My head's still spinning from the whole thing," Danny told her.  "But I have at least figured that much out."
Danny saw that they had reached the "Rooster's Roost," the houseboat of his father’s employee and friend, Jesse Fines.
"You'll get a kick out of this old guy," Danny told Marietta.  "He was in one of the early rock bands back in the late fifties.  A group called the BlueTones.  They were only together a few months, but they got on the charts with one hit '45.  "I Wanna be Your Rock-a-Doodle Rooster Man."
"I know that song!" Marietta exclaimed.  "They used it in the fried chicken commercials."
"That's it.  I'll get him to show you his most valuable treasure.  It's a photo with Dick Clark when they appeared on American Bandstand.  And in the same frame is the original "Rooster Man" gold record."
"So what happened to the BlueTones?" Marietta asked.
"They were just a bunch of kids and they couldn't get along, especially when they got famous.  After the band broke up, Jesse couldn't seem to make anything else work.  Finally my father hired him as a sound technician at Bluff City Tracks, and he found his true calling.  He stayed with Tracks for thirty years until dad closed the studio a few years ago.
"Tracks Records?" Marietta asked.  "That was your father's company?"
"None other.  It was a boutique studio, and his best discoveries always got stolen by the big outfits.  But Dad made a decent living there, and he started a few careers.  Jesse can tell you all about it.  Probably more than you want to hear."
The deck of Jesse Fines houseboat was awash with people.  Danny scanned the crowd, looking for Jesse.  He didn't see him, but he was surprised to spot Caulder Raines by the doorway to the cabin.
Caulder stood unmoving, her gaze fixed on something inside the cabin.  From her look, Danny knew it wasn't something that pleased her.  As he watched, a woman approached the doorway and started in, probably to use the toilet, he supposed.  But Caulder stopped her.  They talked briefly and the woman glanced inside curiously, then shook her head and turned away away.
"Mattie!  Mattie!  Up here!" woman called out shrilly from the upper deck.  Danny and Marietta looked up to see at a woman waving gaily to them.  She was thirtyish, somewhat plump, with large curls of orangish red hair surrounding a broadly grinning face.  Her orange halter top and shorts gripped her figure like shrink wrap.
"For thirty years I've tried to convince people I hate that nickname," Marietta complained to Danny, "but I'd bet money somebody will have it carved on my tombstone."  Still she waved up at her friend and smiled brightly.  "Amber!  For heaven's sake, girl!  What are you doing here?"
"Just having myself some fun," Amber called out in a rich southern twang.  "So good to see you, Mattie!  Come on up here so I can give you a great big hug."
Marietta looked at Danny and rolled her eyes.
"Go get your hug," Danny urged with a grin.  "The stairs are around the side.  I want to have a word with a friend of mine, then I'll join you."
"Okay, but don’t be long.   Amber and I were on the West Tennessee volleyball team together twenty summers ago, and there's only so much reminiscing you can do about something like that.  I'll need rescuing pretty damn quick."  Marietta pecked his cheek and turned away.
Caulder didn't notice Danny as he approached because she faced the interior of the cabin.  She wore a casual white cotton blouse and a pair of white linen shorts that accentuated her California tan.  Her hair was attractively wind-blown, and seemed a little longer than when he had last seen her.
It surprised him to see Caulder here tonight, although she and Edwin were regulars at the annual marina party.  In the three weeks since her husband’s funeral, they had spoken only once.  Wanting to check up on her, he had reached her in Seattle, where Unslung Heroes had a concert date.  It was a bad time, and he didn't try to keep her on the phone after she hurriedly assured him she was doing all right.  She promised to call back, but never did.
Caulder continued to gaze inside the cabin as she absently raised her plastic cup of wine and took a sip.  Danny heard loud talking inside.  It was Jesse's voice, and he sounded pissed.
"Hi Caluder.  What's going on?" Danny asked.
"Oh hi, Danny," she said.  "I'm trying to keep everybody out.  It's Heck.  He's ugly drunk and making a damned fool of himself.  As usual."
Danny stopped in the doorway and surveyed the scene inside Jesse Fine's fifteen by thirty living quarters.  Normally the long narrow cabin would be crowded with guests, but at the moment only two people were there.  Jesse was sitting on the arm of a low, worn chair near the door.  He held a towel to his mouth, and when he withdrew it, Danny saw that his lip was bleeding.
Farther into the cabin stood another figure beyond a waist-high partition that separated Jesse’s den from his kitchen and sleeping area.  It was Heck Cherry, Caulder Raines’ most famous, and most troublesome client.  He was so drunk that he could hardly stand.  With his shoulders hunched and his right hand braced on the partition, he swayed slowly from side to side like a bull elephant dead on it's feet from the hunter's bullet.  In one hand, he held a fifth of Jack Daniels, nearly empty.  His wavy red hair, his trademark throughout his long singing career, curled in wild disarray around his face.  A wiry stubble of red and gray whiskers covered his chin and cheeks.  His eyes looked glazed and lifeless, and a mean scowl twisted his mouth.
"What the hell’s going on, Heck?" Danny demanded.  "Did he hit you, Jesse?"
"Just a little clip," Jesse said, dabbing gingerly at his lip with the towel.
"Damn straight I hit him," Cherry said from across the room.  "Sumbitch grabbed my arm.  Don’t nobody lay hands on ol’ Heck."  His voice emanated from deep in his chest, and his words slurred together.
"He’s thirty years older than you!" Danny told Cherry angrily.  "How fair is that?"
"Grabbed my arm!" Cherry stormed back.  He raised the bottle  and took a mouthful, leaking amber rivulets out the corners of his mouth.  The front of his "Waylon Lives" tee shirt was streaked with his overflows.
"That sorry-assed drunk cornered Stefanie Tanglefarb in the head," Jesse explained.  "When I pulled him off of her, he spun around and landed a lucky one.  Still had Stephanie's swimsuit top in his hand.  I would have gathered up some help and tossed him in the river, but I was afraid they’d bust the place up getting him outside."
Behind Danny, Caulder said quietly.  "I’ve called Luke Seals and Nathan Washington to come and get him.  They’re in his band and they can handle him.  They should be here soon."
Danny nodded, never taking his eyes off Cherry.  This close, and drunk as a snake, he looked older than the last time Danny had seen him in concert at the Mud Island amphitheater.  Cherry was drunk that night too, but he and his band still managed to keep the audience standing in their seats.
Danny had known Heck Cherry for a long time, and had published several features about him and his band.  Cherry was a local celebrity, and his band, Saddle Trash, had been a favorite in the city's Country Western bars for a decade before they signed with Caulder Raines and gained a national following.  Their first big hit, "It's Hard to Kill a Cowboy," topped the country music charts for weeks, and Cherry's gravelly, down-to-earth voice resonated on country stations across the country.  Several more top ten singles and a string of successful albums followed.
Those were the gravy days for both Caulder Raines and Heck Cherry.  But while Caulder went on to other successes with other bands, Cherry's decline from those first heady days of glory had been slow, steady, and inevitable.  Now after twenty-five years in the music business, he was still trying to live the outlaw life that he sang about.  It had nearly consumed him.
"Heck, why don’t you get on off this man's boat and wait for your buddies at the dock," Danny suggested.  "Hell, this is Jesse’s home, and you’re a guest here."
"Ain’t no guest of that skinny little weasel," Cherry insisted.  "I wasn’t doing nothing to that girl she didn’t want done.  But then this sumbitch..."  He raised the whiskey bottle to point it at Jesse Fines, but lost his balance and tumbled over backward  behind the partition.  There was a loud crash, then the sound of Cherry cursing and thrashing around.
"Dammit to hell," Jesse swore.  "What he's busted now!"  Jesse's home was filled with fifty years of music memorabilia, and a story accompanied every item.  Nobody would care if this lumbering alcoholic injured himself, but that was not the case for Jesse's treasures.
Danny rushed around the partition with Jesse and Caulder close behind.  Heck Cherry lay wallowing on his back like a turtle, unable to grab anything to help him get up.  He had taken Jesse's bedside table down with him, turning it into kindling.  Beside him lay the shattered remains of a clock radio and a framed portrait of Jesse's dead wife, Shirley Ann.
"Come on, Heck," Danny said.  "I'll help you get up."  If he could get Cherry to his feet, maybe he could steer him outside.
"That's it," Jesse announced.  "I'm getting the cops to haul this drunk bastard to jail."
"Nobody haulin' my ass noplace," Cherry growled.
"Please don't, Jesse," Caulder said.  "I'll pay for the damages.  And I'll make sure he never comes back.  I'll get him banned from the marina.  I just don't want him arrested.  He'll get eleven-twenty-nine if he's hauled in again for public drunkenness."
"Best thing for him," Jesse grumbled.  "It would make things safer for the rest of us."
Danny tugged Heck Cherry to his feet and started him toward the door.  But Cherry shrugged loose from Danny and proclaimed, "Nobody takin' my ass to jail."  He took a half step back and swung his right fist toward Danny's face.  Danny was no boxer but he dodged the clumsy punch with ease and swung a one of his own.  There wasn't much conviction behind it, but it was enough to disrupt the singer's precarious sense of balance.  Cherry's momentum carried him stumbling sideways, and he measured himself face down on the floor.  His head hit the deck with the solid "whump" of a dropped boot.  He didn't move and made no sound, but a stream of blood slowly oozed from one nostril.
"Great.  Now he's going to bleed all over my mother's hook rug," Jesse complained.
Danny lifted Cherry's head and swabbed at the blood with some paper towels.  Then he formed a sort of pillow under Cherry's face with a wad of rags Jesse provided.  Cherry's raspy breath proved that he was at least still alive.
With Cherry no longer a threat, Jesse Fines went to the head to clean his bloody lip and change shirts.  Caulder and Danny waited by the door for the singer's friends.
"Still watching out for Heck after all these years?" Danny asked.
"No," Caulder told him.  "Heck Cherry used up his equity with me long ago.  But Saddle Trash is my client, and the rest of the band still works hard.  It's only a matter of time though.  Heck is the most self-destructive person I know, and we can only protect him from himself for so long."
"He'll pay the price for this stunt," Danny said.  "That nose will have to be set, and it'll be big as a banana tomorrow."
"Good.  I hope he's blowing out bloody boogers for a month," Jesse Fines said from across the cabin.  He had changed into an ocean green shirt with parrots painted on the lapels.
"I'm sorry, Jesse," Caulder told him.  "I didn't bring him here tonight.  I don't know how he got here.  I just happened along when the trouble started.  But I will send somebody over tomorrow to take care of the damage."
"Naw, it's okay, Caulder," Jesse said.  He was calmer now.  "Just send me some concert tickets for something good.  Billy Joel, James Taylor, or maybe Peter, Paul and Mary."
"You've got it," Caulder.  "You're on my ticket A-list starting tonight."
They talked for several minutes, ignoring the unconscious man on the floor.  Occasionally Cherry issued a low, pitiful moan, and once he raised his head slightly before letting it fall back heavily.
Finally two middle-aged men in boots and jeans sauntered into the cabin.  Danny recognized them as members of Cherry's band.  Danny saw nothing but annoyance and disgust on their faces as they gazed down at their bloody, fallen leader.
Caulder greeted the pair with hugs and show business air kisses.  "Thanks for coming," she said.
"No problem, Caulder," one of them said, although it was clear that he wasn't happy about spending his Friday evening like this.  He was Nathan Washington, lead guitar for the band.  "Did he hurt anybody?"
"He split Jesse's lip, but he's alright," she said.  "Can you handle him?"
"Yeah, we backed Luke's pickup down the levee, and we'll just put him in back.  He'll get home alright."
"I think his nose is broken," Danny told them.  "He landed flat on his face when he fell."
"Heck's people down in Mississippi can worry about that," the other man said.  His voice was devoid of compassion.  He was Luke Seals, bass guitar and back-up vocals.  "I left a cookout and a house full of kinfolks to come up here.  I'll be damned if I'm going to sit half the night in the emergency room."
They dragged Heck Cherry outside.  With the help of a husky young man, they carried their limp burden off the houseboat and onto the dock.  There they hoisted the singer to his feet, and each placed one of his arms over their shoulder.
Then it hit Danny.  "Holy smokes!" he told Caulder.  "I've got a date somewhere around here.  I forgot all about her."
"She'll be flattered to hear that," Caulder smiled.
Danny looked up, scanning the upper deck.  There was no sign of Marietta, nor of her friend in orange.  "I've got to go," he told Caulder.  "I told her I was just going to be a minute.  She'll think I abandon her."
"Go ahead," Caulder said.  "And thanks again."
"It's your turn to call," Danny reminded her as he headed toward the stairs.
Neither Marietta nor her friend was on the upper deck of the Rooster's Roost.  From the railing, he scanned the crowd below on the main deck.  There was no sign of Marietta, but he spotted her friend Amber, whose loud voice and even louder clothing stood out like a channel marker.  Danny went down and asked her about his date.
"Are you Donald?" the woman asked.  She gave him a wide intoxicated smile.
"Danny."
"Yeah, Danny," Amber said.  " Marietta said that she couldn't find you, so she's heading over to Beale Street with her friend.  They'll probably be at Rum Boogie Café, or in any bar down Beale Street that has live music."
"She couldn't have looked very hard," Danny said with annoyance.  "I was just downstairs, and I wasn't gone more than ten minutes."
"Her friend kept telling her she should just leave.  She told Mattie you'd probably ditched her."
"More like the other way around.  Who was this friend?"
"I didn't know her," Amber said.  "Blond hair.  Kind of skinny.  Mattie called her Bunny.  Funny name.  Sounds like a rich bitch name.  But it figures.  Mattie's one herself."
A quiet fury rose in Danny.  Shelby!  The ways she found to torment him were endlessly imaginative, but this time she had sunken to new malevolent depths.  This could have been his milestone night, he thought resentfully.  Tonight, for the first time since his separation, he and Marietta might have...
But it was as much Marietta's fault as Shelby's.  She could have trusted him a little more, waited a little longer.
None of it made any damn sense.  Mumbling something to Amber, he headed for the booze table Jesse had set up and poured himself three fingers of brandy.
"This is not a good sign," a woman behind him said.  It was Caulder.
"What's that?" Danny asked.
"You throwing back that much booze.  Alone."
"My date took off for Beale Street with Shelby!" Danny grumbled.  "They're old school chums.  True to form, Shelby found the perfect opportunity to give that dagger one more twist."
"What's the old parable about a snake being true to its nature?"   Caulder asked with an amused grin.
Danny finally grinned back.  "I should know better by now, shouldn't I?  I guess a damned fool has to be true to his own nature, too."
"You're not any kind of fool, Danny," Caulder assured him.  "I'd say you're just a little..."  She searched for the right word.  "...naïve." she decided.
He tossed the drink back like a dose of medicine.  "How's Jesse?"
"Having a good time again.  His fistfight with Heck is already taking on the proportions of a death match."
"I guess I'll skip that," Danny said.
"So where are you headed now?" Caulder asked.  "Beale Street?"
"East Parkway, I guess.  I've got two Dalmatians back home that make wonderful listeners.  How about you?"
"It's home for me, too," Caulder said.  "Tonight was a trial run for me.  I wanted to see how I'd feel doing something on my own that I used to do with Edwin."
"And?"
"I did fine, I suppose.  A couple of bittersweet moments.  But Heck put a damper on things."
"Come on, then," Danny offered.  "I'll walk you to your car."
They cleared the marina and started up the cobblestone embankment, leaving the noisy atmosphere of the party behind.  The night was clear and calm, and the lights of Memphis made a nice backdrop to their unhurried climb up to their cars.
"I'm glad we ran into each other tonight," Caulder said. "I need to ask you something."
"Okay, what?"
"This afternoon I finally found the will to start going through Edwin's things," she began.  "I rummaged his office, looking for unpaid bills and unresolved business matters.  He took care of all of our personal affairs, and I never paid much attention to them.  I told my business accountant to assign somebody that job from now on, but I haven't felt right about turning anybody loose in Edwin's office."
"That's understandable," Danny prompted.
"Anyway, on a coat rack in the corner there was an old tweed jacket Edwin used to wear when he went out for short trips.  Like for walks or to the store," Caulder went on.  "I decided I'd hang it in the hall closet, and on the way, I felt something in an inside pocket.  What I found, well, it has me confused."  She paused, gathering her thoughts.  "I found a cheap canvas wallet with some money in it, and a key on a ring.  It looks like a door key.  There was also a rent receipt and a bank statement."
"Did they have something to do with Edwin's business?" Danny asked.
"That's the confusing part.  The papers belong to someone named E.C. Murphy."
"Who's he?"
"I've never heard the name before.  I looked in the telephone book, and there's no listing for him."  Her eyes betrayed her uncertainty.  "Knowing Edwin, I'm sure there must be a logical explanation, but I can't imagine what it is."
Danny considered the question as they approached Caulder's car.  He agreed that Edwin could probably have easily cleared up the mystery, but like her, he could make no sense of it.
"I didn't find any files with the name E.C. Murphy on it.  Edwin was careful with his client files, and if this was a client, there would be records.  After everything else that's happened," Caulder admitted, "there's something about this that makes me feel..."  Again she sought proper expression.  "It's silly, but it makes me feel threatened.  I don't need anything else unexpected.  Edwin's murder was enough."
"Have you told the police about the wallet?" Danny asked.
"I thought about it.  I probably should, and I might later."
"But first you'd like to know more," he prompted.
"Something like that."
"Can I help?"
Caulder's look gave him his answer.
"I could check out the rent receipt and the bank statement," Danny volunteered.  "And I could check out the name."
"Would you, Danny?" Caulder asked.  "I thought you might know what to do.  I would be so grateful."
"No problem," he told her.  "Send me the stuff and I'll have a look.  How long are you in town?"
"At least ten days," she said.
Caulder unlocked her car and got in.  "I'm sorry I never called you back from California," she told him.  "I won't even lie and tell you I tried.  I just forgot, but please don't hold it against me."
"You should have lied," Danny said with a grin.  "Naïve guys like me believe anything a woman tells them."
He watched her drive away, then he turned toward his own car, which sat farther up the levee.  Nearing the white convertible, he realized that someone had dumped a plastic trash container in the back seat.  Shelby might as well have scratched her name on the fender.
Danny decided not to be furious, because that's what she wanted.  This had been her car, but he didn't let her take it when she left him.  It was exactly like her to spoil what she could not have.  There was that nature thing again.
A tall form approached as he scraped the litter of bottles, cans, food wrappers and assorted disgusting gunk out of his back seat.  Despite his size, Rink Pollard reminded Danny of a child lost in the supermarket.
"Have you seen Shelby?" Pollard asked.
"No, but I know she was here," Danny said, indicating the filth on the white leather upholstery.
"I went to take a piss, and when I got back, she was gone."
Danny wiped the grime from his hands onto his already-ruined trousers.  "Didn't you get her message?" he asked.  "She said to meet her at Rum Boogie Café on Beale Street.  She went on ahead to get a table before the place filled up."
"You're not shitting me, are you?" Pollard asked, dully suspicious.
"That's where they went.  Your date, and mine.  And if you miss her there, you can meet her at her townhouse later.  I'll write down the address and phone number for you."
THREE
No Good Deed Goes Unpunished
A summary of the previous month's accounts lay on Danny's desk when he arrived at the Bluff City Beat Monday morning.  The document bore Lottie Batayanga's initials, indicating that she had already reviewed and approved it.  Danny glanced it over, nodding approvingly at the bottom line figure.
His secretary, Fancy Stiles, greeted him with a bright smile and a cup of coffee, but she only stayed a minute.  With deadlines looming and the final layouts for this month's issue due at the printer's in less than 48 hours, everyone was scrambling.  Even Fancy was drawn into the melee as a proofreader, runner, and general roustabout.
Throughout the office everyone was busy preparing the next issue—everyone but the owner and publisher, Danny Skerett.
Danny sat down behind his spacious oak desk and switched on the computer.  Outside the glass enclosure of his office, the magazine's twenty or so employees worked with focus and enthusiasm.  He had hired most of them over the years, and Lottie had hired the rest.  Some had been with him from the start ten years ago, struggling through the hard times when profits were rare and financial reports like the one he had now were as welcome on his desk as pigeon droppings.
Some employees had bailed out during those first few difficult years, anticipating the magazine's doom and shrugging off Danny's promises of appropriate rewards when things got better.  But for those who stuck it out, Danny's gratitude came with dollar signs.
A short slim woman with dark hair and the frenetic energy of a hummingbird swept into view outside the glass panel.  She paused in the doorway, noting his presence with almond-shaped eyes that seemed nearly closed.  She held up one finger in a "wait" gesture, and said, "Stay put.  I'll get my list from my desk."
This was Lottie Batayanga, his dynamo second-in-command.  She was a creature of almost perpetual motion, a dedicated journalist, astute businesswoman, priceless employee, and excellent friend.
She returned, steno pad in hand, dropped into a chair, and pulled a pencil from her hair.  Every move was efficient and purposeful.
"Okay, what's first?" Danny asked.  Lottie would not be in the mood for any time-devouring chit-chat today, not with this month's issue churning through production.
"You need to call your pal Eric Elmont at Berclair Press and tell him that your people are not happy with the price adjustments..."  Her fingers made quote marks in the air as she spoke those last two words.  "...that his people came up with.  I know fourth-class postage has gone up again, and that affects distribution costs.  But postage went up three percent, and Zel Moody has raised Berclair's overall handling and distribution charges five percent.  We ageed to a four percent increase eight months ago, and this postal increase is also something we'll have to absorb.  But there is additional profit for them in this adjustment."
Danny wrote the name "Eric Elmont" on his note pad as Lottie moved quickly on to her next topic.  She was slim and poised, with an understated figure that remained a perpetual mystery beneath her loose, functional attire.  She was not a stunning beauty, but her character, drive and intelligence gave her an undeniable appeal.  She wore little makeup beyond a trace of lipstick and eye liner, and at the office her waist-length hair was always contained in a tight bun.  Her pale, honey-colored skin reflected her Filipino heritage, and after fifteen years in America, she still had the undercurrents of an accent.
"We're in for five thousand for the Liver Foundation Barbecue Cook-Off.  We haven't been a major sponsor in the past, but there's money in the budget to cover it, and we'll get a good return in free PR.  We get a booth, plus ten tickets to the event.  I'll save two for you, and offer the rest to the staff.
This was a done deal and didn't require anything from him but consent.  "Okay, what else?"
"Deuce Hargrip has agreed to a profile in a feature about the top three trout streams in northwest Arkansas.  We pay all his expenses, plus he gets a free full-page ad for his new fly tying book.  Reader demographics show that thirty-two percent of our male readers fish, and ten percent consider themselves trout fishermen.  We can sell a lot of ad space in that issue to some of the local upscale sportsman's outfitters.  I offered the story to one of our free-lancers, Pete Saber, because I know he loves trout fishing, but he’s traveling to his son's wedding somewhere out West and doesn't want to commit right now.  So I thought you might want to do it."
"I'd love to do it!” Danny said. "I've been hearing about Deuce Hargrip since I was ten.  He's a legend in the angling world.  I'll haul Daddy along and then just take notes while the two of them try to out-lie each other with their fishing yarns."
"Good enough.  Fancy can make the arrangements.  Cabin, guides, boats, and so on.  I'll send a photographer over for a one-day shoot when you're ready."
Lottie looked up at Danny with a mischievous smile, then added, "But after setting you up with this sweet gig, I’d better end up with some nice big trout or a certain publisher could find his name misspelled in the byline."
"You're a hard woman, Lottie," Danny grinned.
For a few more minutes, Lottie efficiently worked her "Danny List."  Some items needed responses from him, and others were just routine updates on the day-to-day affairs of the magazine.
In her six years with Bluff City Beat Lottie had risen from bookkeeper to managing editor.  In fact, Danny created the management position for Lottie, and she had defined its parameters to include broad control over most of the magazine’s business and editorial affairs.
When Danny married two years ago, he felt comfortable leaving The Beat almost exclusively in Lottie's hands while he savored those first giddy months of love, lust and marital bliss.  After the hardscrabble years, he felt he deserved a few months of leisure, and the magazine had continued to thrive under her leadership.
Lottie was equally valuable when his marriage started crumbling under him like fractured bedrock.  Unable to concentrate, or to even care about business matters after Shelby moved out, Danny knew he might have let it all fall apart if he had tried to run the magazine alone.  Lottie kept the machinery working during the worst of times.
One unanticipated consequence, however, was that once this new captain took the helm, the staff learned to adjust to his absence, and the hole he left closed behind him.  Now he was struggling to determine what his role should be in this new environment.  Good sense dictated that he should merely sit back and enjoy the fruits of his success, but sometimes he actually missed the eighty-hour weeks and the mad monthly scramble to hit the streets with another issue.
When the last item on her list was completed, Lottie hurried out.  Danny turned to his computer and opened his email.  Fancy had already filtered out the junk, so Danny was left to deal with only a short list of messages.  He declined two invitations to social events, and promised a donation to a public library fundraiser in lieu of his attendance.  He printed a list of features for next month's issue that Lottie had sent him.
A tap on the doorsill interrupted him.  It was Fancy, holding a small FedEx box.  "Delivery," she said.  "I didn't open it because it said 'Personal' on the box.  You're not buying sex toys on the internet, are you?"
"No, I've given all that up, Fancy," Danny told her.  "I’m devoting the remainder of my life to celibacy and inner reflection."
"Yeah, me too.  Starting when I'm about ninety," Fancy laughed as she went out.
What now? Danny thought, shaking the box warily.  Something thumped around loosely inside.  He imagined dog crap or a baby water moccasin falling out of the box when he ripped open the tab.  He hadn't heard from Shelby all weekend, but after giving Rink Pollard her home address and phone number, she would be plotting her revenge.
He relaxed when he saw who sent the box.  Autograph Promotions.  That was Caulder Raines' company.  He pulled the tab to open the box and dumped its contents on the desk.  It held a man's wallet, a ring with one key on it, and a handwritten note from Caulder.

Danny,
Here are the things I told you about.  I'm leaving Sunday for an unexpected trip to New York, but I'll call you when I get back.  Thanks for being such a good friend.
CFR

Danny first examined the key.  It was on a ring with a plastic token advertising "Whitehaven Used Cars."  The key was the kind used to unlock the outside door of a house or apartment, and had a red "3" painted on it.
The cheap canvas wallet contained two hundred dollars in small bills, and two folded pieces of paper layered in with the cash.
One slip of paper was a generic receipt.  It acknowledged that E.C. Murphy had paid "$300 for one month's rent."  The date was the first of last month, just ten days before Edwin’s murder.  The signature was an illegible scrawl.
The other paper was a one-page bank statement, also in E.C. Murphy's name, from the Community Bank of Bartlett, a bedroom community north of Memphis.  It showed a starting balance of $2300 and a single $500 cash withdrawal, also on the first of last month.
The address on the statement was 2200 Madison, Apt. 3, Memphis, TN, 38014.
That stretch of Madison in Midtown Memphis was one of Danny's favorite parts of the city, populated with interesting little restaurants, bars, shops, and businesses.  He guessed that the address on the statement would prove to be one of the aging, rustic apartment buildings in that area.
Danny leaned back, considering the items on the desk.  The question they posed was what connection, if any, this E.C. Murphy had to Caulder's dead husband.  Why did Edwin have the man's wallet and key in his jacket?  There were logical explanations, he supposed.  Edwin might have found the wallet someplace.  Or the two men might have had business dealings, and Murphy might have accidentally left it at Edwin's house.
But in either of those scenarios, Danny thought, how likely was it that a man would lose his wallet, presumably out of his hip pocket, and his apartment key, presumably out of his front pocket, at the same time and place?
Danny decided that the "business dealings" premise probably didn't have much validity.  Edwin Raines' clients were generally upscale and wealthy, and his hunting grounds for the expensive, specialty items he provided were along the East Coast and in various European cities.  How likely was it that he would have business with someone who paid his rent in cash and had a number painted on his door key?
The best way to make sense of all of this, he decided, was go to 2200 Madison, Apt. 3, and knock on the door.
* * *
Danny Skerett had been to the little bar named Jezebel's many times, usually for the country music that was its specialty.  But until today he never paid much attention the row of cheaply curtained windows on the second floor above the bar.
Now, as he crossed the street from the Chinese restaurant where he parked, he also noticed for the first time the unimposing door near the rear of the long narrow building that appeared to provide access to the second floor apartments.
Jezebel's was a little on the rowdy side, but not dangerously so.  Danny probably wouldn't take a date there, not unless she didn't mind going home with ringing ear drums and clothes that reeked of cigarette smoke and spilled beer.  But it was a good place to throw back a few with friends and listen to some leg-slapping tunes.
The bar opened early for the burgers-and-fries lunch crowd, and by mid-afternoon the neighborhood regulars began trickling in to start, or sometimes continue, their daily boozing.  It was a quiet place during the day, but about dark the atmosphere livened up.  By ten the music was blaring and the joint was hopping.
Danny tried the rear door, found it was unlocked, and went in.  On a wall to the left were six mailboxes, four of which were labeled with names and numbers.  "3 - Murphy" was printed on a strip of paper and taped to one of them.
The dim entryway smelled of stale beer, dust and urine.  A wooden stairway led up to the second floor.  Ascending the stairs brought him to the end of a narrow hallway that ran the length of the building.  Three wooden doors lined each grimy wall.  A couple of bare bulbs on the ceiling dimly lit the hall.
Number three was the last door on the left.  Danny paused before it, caught off guard by an unexpected feeling of apprehension.  Until now this excursion had seemed like a lark, but a sudden instinct cautioned him that real trouble lay on the other side of that door.
That's silly, isn't it? he thought.  What kind of trouble could someone who lived in a shabby place like this cause him or Caulder?  He didn't plan to give this fellow Murphy any more information than he thought was prudent, not even his name in fact, and if anything struck him as strange or suspicious, all he had to do was walk out.
Danny knocked resolutely.  The noise reverberated down the empty hall, sounding louder than he intended.  He heard nothing from inside the apartment.  After waiting a minute he knocked again, but there was no response.
He considered leaving a note, but decided against it.  Until he understood what was going on here, he didn't want give this stranger any information, not even a telephone number.
He knocked a third time, although he felt sure the room was empty.  Scarcely considering the consequences, he tried the knob.  It turned, but a deadbolt lock above the doorknob kept the door from opening.
"Just what in the hell are you up to?" a harsh voice demanded from down the hall.  Danny released the knob and turned to see a man advancing toward him in long, aggressive strides.
He was taller than Danny, with long black hair pulled back into a ponytail and a wiry, unkempt handlebar mustache.
Against his more sensible instincts Danny stood his ground, half expecting to be punched when the man reached him.
"I'm looking for E. C.," Danny explained, acting as if he already knew the room's occupant.  He tried a friendly smile, but it did no good.
"You mean Chet?" the man asked.  He had on a black leather vest with a biker emblem on one lapel, and the name "Franks" embroidered in red letters on the other.  He wore no shirt underneath, and tufts of black hair on his chest and shoulders spilled out from under the vest.
"Yeah, Chet Murphy.  This is his apartment, isn't it?"
"He ain't here.  What do you want with him?"
"We're friends.  He gave me his address and said to stop by."  Winging it now, Danny hoped his impromptu lies wouldn't trip him up.  "We're working a deal together," he added vaguely.
"Looks like you were trying to break in ," the man accused.
"I wasn't.  I knocked three times," Danny said.  "When he didn't answer, I figured I'd just stick my head in and call out.  In case he was asleep or something."  He could see his interrogator wasn't buying any of it.
Franks cocked his head and gave Danny a long up-and-down look, making a fresh appraisal.  He raised his hands, cracking the knuckles of first one hand then the other.
"I think you're bullshitting me, asswipe," he announced finally.  "Who are you, really?  A damn cop?"
"Who are you?" Danny challenged.  "Chet's security guard?"  He almost said "maid" but caught himself.  This man looked too proud of his masculinity to accept a quip like that.  "I don't see how this is your business?"
Franks edged closer, stopping no more than eighteen inches from Danny, well into his comfort zone.  His bloodshot, yellowish eyes were sunken deep beneath scowling brows, and his mouth twisted.  Corded muscles flexed on his shoulders and bare, hairy arms.  He smelled like sweat and beer and stale tobacco smoke.  Danny thought he was about to swing at him, and hoped he could dodge the blow.
"I run these apartments, and the bar downstairs.  Everything that goes on here is my business," Franks growled.  Danny added onion to the man's unpleasant potpourri of odors.  "And I'm also the sumbitch who's gonna throw you down those damn stairs if you don't git!"
Danny struggled not to step back from Franks' oppressive closeness.  It seemed important, somehow, not to back away.  "I'm just trying to find Chet Murphy."
"About a deal," Franks said skeptically.
"Yes."
"And you met him a few days ago?"
"That's right."
"But he ain't here.  He keeps this room, but he travels a lot.  So you might as well book on out of here."
"When's the last time you saw him?" Danny ventured.  "If he's in town I could come back later.  Does he work a day job?"
Franks scratched at an armpit, then wiped his damp fingers on his jeans.  "I ain't tellin' you jack shit," he said.  "I still think you're a pig, asking all these damn questions.  Or some kind of skip tracer or bill collector.  Just get the hell out and leave this man alone."
"I might as well if he's not here," Danny said lamely.
Franks stepped back and Danny walked past him.  trying to put a little defiant swagger into is stride.
Outside fresh air and sunlight welcomed him.  Instead of heading across to his car, he started down the residential street behind Jezebel's.  He never looked back, but a creepy feeling etched his spine, as if hidden eyes were on him.  It didn't subside until he rounded a corner.
His machismo felt bruised, but common sense told Danny he had done the smart thing.  Why let the situation become confrontational?  Franks was the kind of bully who swaggered through life always picking fights he knew he could win.
But even if Danny had avoided a fight, he still knew nothing about E.C. Murphy, except that he did live here, was away a lot, and used the name "Chet."  Circling the block, taking a roundabout route to his car, Danny considered what to try next.
Someone who lived in a place like this and paid his rent month-to-month wasn't likely to be easily traceable through any public records that Danny might have access to.  There was a strong possibility that he wasn't using his real name, although he had come up with enough identification to open a bank account.  The wallet contained none of the usual identification you might expect to find—driver's license, credit cards, or whatever.
The most logical place to learn more about E.C. Murphy was from the man himself, or from that upstairs room where he stayed.  Danny still had the key and knew it probably fit the deadbolt lock on the door.
Going back would be reckless.  The burly man in the hall wouldn't be pleased to find Danny up there again, and E.C. Murphy himself might be even angrier if he came home and discovered a stranger in his room.  Plus, it would be complicated dealing with the police if they were called.
The sensible thing, Danny decided as he neared the Chinese restaurant parking lot and approached his car, was to return the wallet and key to Caulder and tell her he wasn't able to find out anything.  She would surely agree that it wasn't important enough to risk getting beaten up or arrested.
He got in the car, started up, and got the air conditioning going.  Across the street a man and a woman were just entering Jezebel's.  Both were middle-aged, neatly dressed, and engrossed in conversation.  A business lunch, Danny guessed.
To show due diligence, he'd search the internet for information on Murphy before he contacted Caulder and suggested she turn the matter over to the police.
A beat-up van pulled in, and two Hispanic men in splotched painter's whites got out and entered the Chinese restaurant.
But why did Edwin have the wallet and key, and why were they in his jacket pocket?  Curiosity gnawed at him.
At the rear of Jezebel's, Franks came out carrying two cardboard boxes, the kind that bottles of liquor or wine came in.  He stashed them in the back of a blue Dodge Ram pickup, then went back inside.
It was just the type of wheels a guy like Franks would have—custom metallic paint job, frame two feet off the ground, lots of chrome, and a row of lights across the top of the cab that would make an ambulance driver drool.  The truck was caked with mud, especially around the rear license plate.
Franks carried three more loads to the truck before climbing in the cab.  Black smoke spat from the tail pipe, and even across the street Danny could hear the rumble of the truck's engine.
Franks backed out of the small parking lot, turned right on Madison, and rumbled toward downtown Memphis.  With hardly another though to consequences, Danny got back out of his car.
* * *
The key slid smoothly into the deadbolt lock and turned easily.  The "click" of the retracting bolt seemed loud in the empty hallway.  Danny glanced cautiously toward the stairs, as if Franks might reappear at any second.  But he had seen him drive away.  He had at least a few minutes.
As he turned the door knob, the feeling of apprehension he felt earlier returned.  As a beat reporter for the Memphis Evening Post, he had learned to listen to those unexpected intuitions.  They had kept him out of trouble more than once.  But today he convinced himself that it was just the jitters because he was about to commit a crime.
He reasoned through it.  What he was doing would harm no one, and he stood little chance of getting caught.  The room was empty, Franks was gone, and he wasn't going to steal anything.  He'd be in and out in five minutes, ten at most, long before the surly man returned.
Danny pushed the door open a few inches.
"Yo?  Chet?  Are you home?"
Silence, except for the rattle of some appliance inside.  He opened the door a little more and peeked inside.  He saw a chair, part of a table, and a doorway across the room.
"Chet?"
Once inside, Danny eased the door closed and locked it.
Predictably, the apartment was a one-room efficiency.  The rummage-sale grade furnishings included a single width bed, a wooden table with two mismatched wooden chairs, a chest of drawers, a bedside table, and a floor lamp.
Across the room the kitchen cabinets housed a sink, microwave, and hot plate.  A small refrigerator thunked and hummed.  A window above the sink looked over the flat tar roof of the one-story building next door, and another window above the bed faced Madison.
Through the open door at the back was a tiny bathroom with a shower, toilet, and sink crammed into a four-by-six-foot space.
Despite its overall shabbiness, the apartment was tidy and clean.  No dishes were stacked in the sink, no dirty towels or underwear were tossed on the bathroom floor. The bed was made and the cracked linoleum floor was clean.
Chet Murphy might not be successful, but he was a good housekeeper.  Somehow it spoke well of him.
Danny began his cautious plundering with the chest of drawers.  The top drawer contained two folded shirts, colorfully patterned polyesters with wide collars.  The next drawer held a pair of boot-cut jeans and a pair of yellow polyester trousers.  In the third drawer he found two of pairs of white socks a pair of expensive looking cowboy boots, and a ratty red baseball cap that read "Make Mine Country."  The bottom drawer was empty.
Judging from the almost adolescent proportions of his wardrobe, Danny decided Chet Murphy was a slender man, three or four inches shorter than Danny himself.  His tastes in clothing were highly questionable.
The kitchen cabinets held only the bare essentials—a few mismatched plates, glasses and cups, a dented saucepan, random pieces of silverware and cutlery, cans of soup, stew, and fruit, a roll of paper towels.  The refrigerator was empty except for a jar of pickles and a box of saltines.  Under the sink were a few cleaning supplies.
Similarly, Chet Murphy kept only necessities in his bathroom.  Danny found a towel and a washcloth, both neatly folded, a tube of toothpaste, a toothbrush, a bar of soap, deodorant, a comb, a bottle of cheap cologne, a single roll of toilet paper.  A mop and a broom hung on the back of the door.
Everything about the place spoke of the man that Franks had grudgingly revealed when he said that Chet Murphy wasn't here very often or for very long.  This must be little more than a stopoff, a place to sleep and eat, devoid of anything worth stealing, or anything personal.
Nothing that he saw in this room contributed to Danny's understanding of the owner of the wallet.  He still might have to find a way to meet Murphy in person to learn anything more.
Danny sat down in one of the chairs.  He had to get out of here soon.  Franks might return at any time, or Murphy himself might show up.  But he hated to leave with no more understanding than when he came in.  If he had more time, perhaps...
This room must be almost directly above the bandstand in the bar below.  Danny could imagine the noise level when a band was playing and the crowd was whooping and raising hell.  Unless he was deaf, E.C. Murphy would have to be a night owl who didn't mind waiting until early morning to go to sleep.  Or perhaps he was down there among the revelers when he stayed here.
Through the window, Danny watched the branches of an enormous oak tree across Madison sway in the wind.  The bar was quiet now, and the sounds of traffic from the street were hardly noticeable.  The loudest sound in the room was the steady hum and rattle of the refrigerator compressor.  It was quiet enough for sleeping in the daytime, if you didn't mind daylight pouring in.
Danny's eyes dropped to the bed for a moment, then drifted over to the small table beside it.  He hadn't looked there yet.
The single drawer of the bedside table was stuck.  Pulling too hard, Danny bumped the table on the floor, and felt a jolt of alarm, knowing the sound might be heard downstairs in Jezebel's.  Working more carefully, he wiggled the drawer until it reluctantly slid out about six inches.  He stuck his hand inside and fished around.
The first thing his fingers touched was flat and metallic.  Bringing it out, he saw he had retrieved a ring of cars keys and an electronic door opener.  It was labeled "Buick."
He felt around again inside the drawer.  He decided it was empty, but then he touched something that felt like a piece of cardboard in a back corner.
Retrieving it, he saw it was a Polaroid snapshot, taken in a smoky barroom setting that Danny figured was downstairs in Jezebel's.  A man and woman were centered in the picture, their heads together, grinning those broad bleary, grins unique to beer joint photos.  Both raised glasses in salute, and each had an arm around the other, she across his shoulders, he around her waist.
The woman looked about twenty-five.  She was slender, somewhere between pretty and mousy, with straight brown hair, a red plaid shirt, and cut-off jeans——just the kind of woman you'd find partying it up in a place like Jezebel's.
The man's red baseball cap was the same one Danny had seen in the chest of drawers earlier.  He realized that he was getting his first glimpse of E.C. Murphy.  He appeared older than the woman beside him by a decade or two.  Tufts of dark hair sprouted from under the cap, and he had on the gaudiest of the two shirts from the top dresser drawer.
Murphy's face was unexpectedly familiar.  Donning his reading glasses, Danny held the photo in the sunlight and examined it closely.
"Naw!  It couldn't be," he mumbled.  But despite his incredulity, he realized why the man looked so familiar.  Beneath the cap and the unlikely frazzle of dark hair, he recognized the face of his dead friend, Edwin Raines.
Lowering the picture, Danny gazed around the room again, trying to sort it all out.  Every explanation that raced through his mind seemed equally ridiculous.
It couldn't be Edwin, not in some asinine wig and those ridiculous clothes, not wrapped arm-in-arm with a barroom babe in one of the most rowdy, down-and-dirty, country music joints in Memphis.  But there he was.  Danny raised the picture, blocked the cap and hair with his thumb and looked at the man again.  It was Edwin alright, or his twin.
But Edwin Raines didn't have a twin, only an older brother who was several inches taller and looked nothing like him.
Danny next thought was what he could possibly tell Caulder.  How could he explain the shabby apartment, the kitschy thrift-shop wardrobe, the silly hat and even sillier wig?
How could he tell Caulder about the woman?
He took a fresh look at the woman.  The plaid shirt concealed her figure, but she had nice legs, long, shapely and tan.  Behind the smile-for-the-camera grin, her features were thin and precise——slender nose, pale, unpainted lips, half-closed sleepy eyes.  She was taller than Edwin, which accounted for her arm across his shoulder.
But who was she?  Friend?  Girlfriend?  Casual acquaintance?  One night stand?  She might be a complete stranger to Edwin, Danny realized hopefully, but he had a feeling that she wasn't.
A jolt of tension shot through Danny as footsteps sounded in the hall outside.  For a brief, illogical moment, he imagined the room's occupant bursting in and discovering him there, confronting him, perhaps attacking him.  But the occupant of this shabby dwelling, the mysterious "E.C. Murphy" he had come to meet, would do no more discovering or confronting.  His body lay buried now along with his alter-ego, Edwin Raines.
Keys rattled, and a door across the hall opened and closed.
Suddenly Danny felt a sphincter-tightening urgency to get out of there.  Suppressing panic, he opened the door and peered cautiously outside.  The hallway was empty.  He closed and locked the door behind him, leaving carefully and quietly.
Once outside, he saw that the big truck was still gone.  As the nervous tension drained away, Danny realized that he still held the picture and the car keys in his hand.  The picture went into his shirt pocket, but the keys brought another idea to mind.  If the keys were here instead of at Edwin's house, then perhaps the car might be somewhere close by as well.
For twenty minutes he wandered the neighborhood, trying the unlock button on the key ring at every Buick he passed. Finally one clicked back at him.  It was an early nineties Regal with dull burgundy paint and a mangled left rear fender.
After just coming from the cheap, tiny apartment, the ratty car was hardly a surprise, although he knew that in his other universe, Edwin Raines had driven an immaculate, late model BMW 5 Series sedan.  The Regal fit right in with whatever role Edwin seemed to be playing in his Jezebel's persona.
Danny got in the car, slid the seat back to accommodate his longer legs, and drove away.  Like the apartment, the car was as clean as you could make a heap like this, and seemed decently maintained.
Danny drove to his house on East Parkway and put the car in his garage.  Two of the four bays in the garage were already filled, one by the white Mercedes, and another by the old gray Nova he had driven in leaner times.  He left Edwin's Buick in the last bay and closed the door behind it.
It was time to do some plundering.
The Buick's glove compartment yielded a battered owner's manual, a pocket pack of Kleenex, a plastic flashlight, and a tire gauge.  There was nothing under the seats, or under the removable floor mats on the front floorboards.
The trunk held the expected clutter——spare tire and jack, plastic ice scraper, a quart of motor oil and a jug of windshield washer fluid.  Sliding the spare tire aside, he lifted the cardboard panel under which the jack was stored, and there he made his first substantive find.
The canvas workout bag under the cardboard panel bore a "Gold's Gym" logo.  As soon as he looked inside, Danny knew he had made a discovery worth closer scrutiny.  He left the garage and took the bag with him to the house.
Months before Shelby had scheduled the maid to come on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, and the yard guys also came on Friday.  Today was Monday, which meant he had the place to himself.  Entering by the kitchen door, he went directly to his office.
This was his favorite room.  When Shelby still lived here, the office was the only room he insisted on maintaining exactly as he wanted, without any redecorating, accessorizing, uncluttering, or excessive cleaning.  They agreed on only one caveat.  When they entertained, the hallway door to his tacky sanctum must remain locked.  Now that she was gone, it was also one of the few rooms in the house that remained fully furnished.
During the months since Shelby left, Danny had permitted her occasional forays to carry away many of the furnishings that she had purchased for the house.  He didn't like a lot of the stuff anyway, and he figured that letting her take what she wanted spared him the trouble of getting rid of it.  Most of the rooms in the house contained only patchwork leavings now while he pondered whether to sell the eighty-year-old, three-story, twenty-seven-room monstrosity that he had purchased not so long ago to make his beautiful young bride happy.  Now, in his Spartan bachelorhood, he only bothered to keep furniture in the office, his second-floor master bedroom suite, and the breakfast room that overlooked the small garden behind the house.
Clearing a space on his disorderly desk, Danny opened the canvas gym bag and began to remove its contents.  First came workout clothes and accessories——shorts, jock strap, knit shirt, sneakers and socks, soap, deodorant and comb.  Edwin had never struck him as a workout kind of guy, but Danny decided he should not be any more surprised at that than at any of the other discoveries he made today.  Clearly Edwin had harbored many unexpected secrets.
He took a leather pouch out of the bag and examined its contents.  There was a Tennessee driver's license in the name of Edward Chester Murphy.  The face in the license photo was Edwin's, but with a full head of dark hair similar to that in the photo Danny found.  Another card indicated that Edward Murphy had purchased auto insurance on a 1993 Buick Regal.  He also found a VISA card, a library card, and a Gold's Gym membership card, all Murphy's.
Several months of bank statements and credit card receipts were bundled together with a rubber band.  Stuffed into an envelope was six thousand dollars in hundreds, fifties and twenties.
At the bottom of the bag Danny found Edwin's black hair piece and a roll of double-sided tape that he apparently used to hold it in place.  Danny drew a humorous and poignant mental picture of Edwin Raines carefully fitting the wig in place over his nearly-bald scalp.  He imagined his friend before a mirror, arranging and straightening, scrutinizing his handiwork, convincing himself that it looked natural.
But why?  Was it simply an effort to feel younger, handsomer, and more virile, or was it a disguise so he wouldn't be recognized during his covert nighttime visits to places like Jezebels?  If either of those guesses was true, then how did the apartment, the car, and all the pieces of false identification factor in?  You didn't need all that just to go out and have some fun in a beer joint.  And you certainly didn't need the kind of cash Danny had found in the gym bag to have a good time at Jezebel's.
He put most of the stuff back into the gym bag, keeping out only the identification, the credit card, and the envelope of cash.  These he locked in a safe hidden in the wall of his office.
Fortunately Caulder would not return for another few days, which would give him time to look into this strange business.
FOUR
Co-Conspirator
Lottie Batayanga did a slow cruise past Danny's office, her eyes on a sheet of paper she held, very deliberately not looking in.  It was her third pass in five minutes.  Her curiosity about why he had called Will Bishop into the office was driving her crazy.
This was an unfortunate side-effect of her efficiency management of the magazine.  As managing editor, Lottie considered it her right to know everything that happened within its confines, whether it be a hot lead about a breaking story, or why the receptionist spent her lunch break bawling in the bathroom.
"There she goes again," Will Bishop said.  "When I go out there, I'll keep getting The Look from her until I crack and spill my guts."
Danny chuckled.  "Don't worry, I'll talk to her later.  I just like to let her stew once in a while.  I guess I have a mean streak."
"I just don't want her pissed at me," Will said.  "She'll have me covering Rotary meetings for weeks."  He was kidding, of course.  Will was one of their top feature writers, and Lottie would never squander his talent.  But still, The Look was not to be taken lightly.
"I'll tell her what I asked you to do," Danny assured him.  "Otherwise, you should keep this assignment confidential.  It could be embarrassing to a close friend."
"No problem, Danny."
Will Bishop's dark, intense eyes and square-jawed face made him look older than his twenty-five years.  Though not overly tall, he had the compact, husky build of a boxer, reflecting his arduous upbringing on a Wyoming cattle ranch.  With his scarred hands, broad shoulders and buzz-cut hair, he looked more like an iron worker than a journalist.  But Will loved the work and enjoyed his job here at Bluff City Beat.  He pursued his assignments with bulldog determination, and wrote in a lean, direct style that Danny admired.
Fresh from journalism school, working at a regional magazine instead of a daily newspaper was not Will's first choice, but a job at The Beat was his only option when he followed his college sweetheart to Memphis to get married.  The engagement ended disastrously, but his job at the magazine had been more successful.  He had grown to enjoy the feature articles and occasional investigative pieces, and produced high quality work.
"Have you got everything you need to start?" Danny asked.
"Looks like it," Will said, waving the envelope he held.  In it were photocopies of the driver's license and bank statements Danny provided.
"And you understand what I need?"
"You want me to dig up information on this guy without raising suspicion.  I know a bail bondsman who can get into the internet resources they use to track down bond-jumpers, and I might ask Cheryl Tooney to do a criminal records check."
"Okay, but keep it low key with Cheryl.  We don't want the MPD deciding that maybe they should be looking at this man, too."
"Cheryl's cool," Will assured him.  "She's never let me down.  But I won't ask her to check the license and VIN of the car.  In case it's stolen."
"I'm pretty sure it isn't," Danny said.  "But you're right.  Get the bail bond guy to check the car."
Will looked at Danny curiously, then said, "It would help if I knew more about what I'm looking for."
"Not yet," Danny said.  "Trust me, Will.  I have my reasons."
"Then can you answer this?  Is there a story percolating here?"
"I don't know.  Let's just take things one step at a time."
"Okay," Will said.  "Give me two or three days."
After Bishop had gone, Danny sat in his office thinking.  If anybody could dig into this discreetly, it was Will.
A couple of minutes passed before Lottie appeared outside again, heading toward the cluster of cubes that the writers called home.  Her brow was furrowed, and her lips were pursed.  Danny figured she already had Will Bishop in her crosshairs.
"Lottie," he called out.  "Do you have a minute?"
Lottie paused in the open doorway, her eyes blazing.  Danny smiled at her, pretending he didn't know she was upset.  This might be tougher than he thought.
* * *
The woman on stage had a vibrant voice that shuddered with heartbreak as she crooned a slow, sad country ballad about a last dance with a man whose heart was no longer hers.  Backed up by a drummer, two guitars, and a keyboard, she wrung every drop of emotion from the twangy, sorrowful lyrics.
On the small, crowded dance floor, couples clung and cuddled, eyes closed, muttering intimacies, feet shuffling slowly.
It was late Friday night, and Jezebel's was packed.  Every table was filled, and the long bar was so crowded that it was hard to elbow in for a drink.  Three harried waitresses in hot pants and halter tops worked the floor, and two bartenders poured drinks and collected money non-stop.
One of the busy men behind the bar was Franks.
Danny Skerett had carved out a couple of square feet along a wall near the door where he could escape the flow of the crowd and observe the room.  He wore an old pair of jeans and a faded blue shirt that he usually wore for yard work.  His baseball cap was pulled down, and tinted wire-rimmed glasses completed his disguise.
Even if there was a chance that Franks might recognize him, he was so busy filling drink orders from the waitresses and working his end of the long hardwood bar that he probably wouldn't have noticed his own mother if she'd bellied up to the brass rail.
Danny's eyes wandered the room, speculating out of habit on the approachability of some of the most attractive women there.  Few of them seemed worth the effort.  Maybe he was getting old.  Once he liked nothing better than to be in this kind of crowded, raucous environment, but tonight the blare of the music and the din of the crowd set his nerves on edge, and the pall of smoke was jumpstarting a headache.  The notion of singling out some woman, forcing a conversation amid the din, buying her drinks, dancing, and seeing what developed, just seemed tedious.
That wasn't why here was here tonight anyway.
The song ended and the dancers returned to tables where they left their drinks and smoldering cigarettes.  The band struck up a livelier tune, a down south honky-tonk standard, and several people yee-ha'd with drunken delight.
Parking his long-neck Bud on a window sill, Danny decided it was as good a time as any to start his real mission.  He shoved toward the open doorway, enjoying the soft pleasant crush of two womens' bodies as they squeezed in past him.
After his first risky daytime sortie to the apartment upstairs, Danny realized that it would be better to return at night to search the apartment again.  The commotion downstairs would cover up any noise he might make, and he had discovered during two previous visits to Jezebel's that Franks often worked the bar.  If Danny got in without being seen, he could search the apartment with little risk of discovery.
Friday was the ideal night because the bar stayed open late.
At the corner of the building, Danny almost ran into a couple leaning against the brick wall, locked in a heated embrace.  The woman was sighing, mumbling "no" occasionally, but not seeming to mean it.  Stepping around them, Danny moved on to the door at the foot of the stairs.
It was pitch dark inside.  The bulb in the hallway above was either burned out or off.  Guiding himself with a hand on the wall, Danny started up.  At the top of the stairs, he turned right and started down the hallway.  A glow of light shown in through the window at the far end of the hall, and with that he managed to reach the last door on the left.  Below him, the floor vibrated with the thudding music downstairs.
Danny let himself into Edwin's apartment, and decided to risk turning on the light.  Instead of the apprehension he felt the last time he was here, he was confident now, almost exhilarated.
The room was as he had left it four days ago.  After his first cursory visit here, Danny later thought of other places he should have checked.  He'd had plenty of time to consider likely hiding places, so tonight he fell to work immediately.
He searched the obvious places first——drawer bottoms, under the mattress, bureau, and kitchen sink.  In the bathroom he checked the linoleum for loose edges, then under, in, and behind the commode tank.  He hadn't checked the medicine cabinet on his first visit, so he tried that next.  It contained only a bottle of aspirin and a roll of floss.
As he was closing the mirrored medicine cabinet door, it shifted slightly as the door latched closed.  Gripping the cabinet on both sides, Danny found that he could wiggle it, and when he pulled, it moved toward him slightly.
He slid the cabinet out from the wall and set it on the floor.  Then he shined a small flashlight down into the open hole in the wall.  He found a zippered leather bag slightly larger than a man's shaving kit.  Danny withdrew it and opened it up.
He was surprised and amused to discover it was a theatrical make-up kit, complete with fake beards and mustaches, and a variety of creams, cakes, and powders.  So Edwin's interest in disguises went well beyond fake hair and funny clothes.
The discovery made Danny realize that if Edwin had gone to the trouble of hiding this stuff so well, he probably had other hiding places around the apartment.
After replacing the medicine cabinet, Danny took out a screwdriver and began checking the fixtures——light switches, electrical outlets, light fixtures and so forth.  He made his next discovery when he took apart an ancient light fixture above the kitchen sink.  Crammed into a hole behind the fixture was a .38 caliber revolver carefully wrapped in plastic.  It was loaded.
His third and final discover came an hour later after removing the metal caps off the legs of the bed's metal frame.  Several hundred dollars bills were rolled tightly, tied with string, and crammed into the metal pipe.
After checking every place he could think of in the tiny apartment, Danny ended his search.  It was past midnight, and he had been there over an hour.  He put the money and gun in the makeup bag, then sat down to try to piece it all together.
The din from the bar below continued unabated.
His earlier speculation that Edwin might have created this second identity just for adventure seemed too simple now.  A loaded gun didn't fit in that theory, and the thousands of dollars Edwin kept stashed around seemed excessive.
But if he wasn't doing this just for the hell of it, then what was he really up to?
The knock on the door nearly caused Danny to fall out of the chair.  He sat frozen, wishing belatedly that he'd turned the light off.  It would have been just as easy to think in the dark.
"Chet?  Are you in there?"
It was a woman's voice, young and hesitant.
"No one told me you were back.  Chet?"
Danny fought to control the jungle drum that pounded in his chest.  At least it wasn't Franks.  But he still had to come up with an explanation of his presence here in a big damn hurry.  The woman outside might not be Franks, but she could get Franks up here easily enough.
Danny went over and unlocked the door.
The woman's smile faded quickly when she saw his unfamiliar face.  She took a small, involuntary step backward.  Her eyes were red-rimmed, the pupils small, and it seemed to take her a moment to work through the confusion of finding a stranger here.  She looked sleepy, Danny thought it was probably something else.
"Who are you?" she asked slowly.
"Hi," Danny said, smiling and swinging the door wide open.  "I bet you thought Chet was back, but he's not.  I'm his friend Dan."
"Where is he?" she asked.  She was slender, almost skinny, with pale skin and non-descript brown hair pulled carelessly back into a ponytail.  Her sleeveless yellow blouse and faded cut-offs looked slept-in.  She was barefoot, and held a six-pack of cheap beer in one hand and a stack of mail in the other.
This was the woman from the picture, although she looked more bleary and used in person.
"Don't know," Danny said.  She wasn't reassured by the smile plastered on his face.  "I haven't seen him in several days.  I ran into him in Jackson last week and told him I was coming to Memphis.  He said I could use his place and save a few bucks, but now I'm not so sure it was a good idea.  He didn't warn me about the noise."
"You get used to it," the woman said, seeming to accept his bullshit.  "Nights when I can't sleep, I just go downstairs and party.  After I get wrecked, I can sleep through anything."  Cleaned up, dressed up, and made up, she might be pretty, but tonight she couldn't pull it off.  He decided she was drunk, or high, or both.
"So what's your name?" he asked.
"It's Marcy," she replied.  "I live down the hall in One."
"Well, if you came to bring Chet a beer, I'll be glad to drink it for him," Danny suggested.
Marcy hesitated.  She leaned forward slightly to glance around inside, as if to scope out lurking dangers.  She lost her balance and stumbled forward, but Danny caught her.
"Don't worry, Marcy.  It's just me in here," he laughed, "and I promise you I'm harmless."
"Well..."
He stepped back and Marcy came forward tentatively.  He took charge of the beer, pulled two loose, and put the rest in the refrigerator.  "Don't forget these when you leave."
Marcy put the mail on the table, explaining that it was Chet's.  She slumped into one of the chairs and stretching her legs.  They were long and slender, and Danny couldn't help admiring them.  She opened her beer, and took a drink.  "It's been a long, hard, hot, frigging day," she sighed.  "I thought Mick never was going to let me leave that damn drive-through window."  She looked around as if seeing the room for the first time, then looked at Danny.  "Seems funny to be in here when Chet's not home," she said.  "He's my drinking buddy when he's in town.  Sometimes we go downstairs and party, but other times when it's late, I just stop by here and we drink some beers and talk."
Danny nodded and smiled, content to let her run on.  He might learn something useful.
"He's a real nice little guy," Marcy went on, "and he knows lots of different stuff.  I don't have any friends in Memphis, and sometimes it gets lonely, being so far away from home and all.  So it's nice when he's around and I've got somebody to talk to."
"I like him too," Danny offered quietly.
"When I first met Chet," Marcy went on, "I just thought he was this geeky little guy who would always be hanging around when I didn't want him to.  But I was wrong.  Now I really miss him when he's out of town.  The other people that rent these crummy rooms come and go, and usually they're not so nice.  They're ready to rip you off any chance they get.  And whenever a new guy moves in and gets a look at me...well, you know...he's just got to give it a try."
"You must have lived here a long time," he suggested.
"Two years," Marcy said.  "I grew up in a little town over in the mountains past Chattanooga.  I've been trying to get through college, but it's hard going, working two jobs and not having a car right now.  My piece-of-shit Yugo broke down, and I've been taking a bus everywhere since.  Sometimes Chet gives me a lift to school or work, but he's not around too often."  She took another long drink from the can, gazing toward the darkened window.  Everybody had a sad tale to tell.
"How much time does Chet spend in town?" Danny ventured. He reminded himself refer to "Chet" in the present tense.  As far as this young woman knew, her friend was still alive, although Edwin Raines had been in his grave nearly a month.
"Not regular.  Sometimes just a day or two every couple of weeks, and sometimes four or five days straight.  I never know when he'll show up, and he doesn't always tell me when he leaves.  Hell, I don't even know how he earns his money.  Do you?"
"He's in sales.  Since I met him years ago, he's moved from job to job.  He likes traveling, living in different places and doing different things."  If Edwin had portrayed himself a traveling man, Danny would stick with the story.
"He moved in here six, maybe eight months, ago," Marcy said, "and we buddied up right away.  He was sort of shy, and he didn't know anybody until I started hanging with him.  Then pretty soon I was looking forward to when he showed up.  He's so nice, I wish he was around more.  He behaves himself with me."  Marcy's eyes swept back to Danny and she smiled a melancholy smile.  "A couple of times he was nice even when he didn't have to be.  You know what I mean?" she said.  Her hand toyed with the top button of her blouse.  "But he has sense enough to stay only friends, even when I don't."
"Things are less complicated that way." Danny returned her smile.  That was one point for Edwin.  At least he wasn't philandering with the woman in the picture.
Marcy finished her beer and got another.  She walked with the thoughtful precision of a drunk laboring to maintain the appearance of control.  When she sat down, she sort of melted into the chair, hooking one arm over the back.
"Hey, I've got a doobie," she announced unexpectedly.  Her fingers fished down the front of her blouse and came out holding a slender joint rolled in dark brown paper.  "You want me to fire it up?"
"Wish I could," Danny said.  "I love the stuff, but I've got no tolerance.  Last time I got high, I damn near coughed up a lung."  It was a ridiculous lie, but he wanted to stay straight until he was safely out of this place.
"Fine, I'll save it then," Marcy decided, stashing the joint back in her bra.  Danny caught a glimpse of pale breast and yellow lace inside the shirt.  "I sure as hell don't need it either.  I'm already wrecked."
"Does Chet get high?"
Marcy gave Danny a cagey half smile.  "Maybe," she said.  "Why do you want to know that?"
"No reason.  It's really none of my business, is it?" he told her.
Marcy leaned forward and her voice lowered conspiratorially.  "Who do you think bought this?" she asked.  She patted the center of her chest.  "Sometimes when he's in town, he has me get some shit for him.  He's scared to ask anybody himself 'cause he doesn't know who to trust.  But he knows I have connections, safe ones from way back, so sometimes I buy for him.  I've got something for him down in my room right now, and I wish he'd come back and pay for it."
"How much does he owe you?"
"Three hundred.  And I need the cash.  He said he'd be back in two weeks, but it's been four or five already.  I figured it was only fair for me to cop a couple of joints, but what I really need is the money.  Franks is pissed 'cause I'm late on my rent, but I can't tell him why.  He'd kick me out, or do something worse, if he knew I was dealing."
So Edwin was not only swilling late-night beers with a lonely young woman from East Tennessee, but he was also buying pot from her.  What did that mean?
"Who's Franks?" Danny asked.  It couldn't hurt to get her take on the brute he met in the hall.
"He runs this building.  Maybe owns it.  I don't know.  He's our landlord, and he runs Jezebel's.  Sometimes I think he runs our lives, too.  You don't want to get crossways of him.  He used to ride with the Knights of Satan, and he can still be mean as a wolverine when he needs to."
"So why would he care if you sell a bag of shit once in a while?  I bet he does worse."
"He's got his reasons," Marcy said.  She grew cautious, and cast an unconscious glance over her shoulder.  "I don't know much about Franks' shit, and I don't want to."
So he wasn't the only one who found the bar owner scary.  "Look, Marcy," he told the girl.  "I don't know where Chet is, but I know he wouldn't want to leave you in a bind.  Maybe I can help out.  I'll give you what he owes you, and then I'll get it back from him later.  He's good for it."
"Really?  That would be awesome!" Marcy exclaimed.  She threw her arms around his neck, planting a wet kiss on his cheek.  He was sharply aware of the momentary coolness of her arms and the soft, brief crush of her body against him.  "That would sure get me out of a mess," she said.  "I could sell the bag, but that's risky.  Franks says the cops are watching his place."
It was a telling comment.  Franks must have some reason to be so paranoid.  Danny took out his wallet and handed over three hundred dollars, figuring he'd repay himself from the abundance of Edwin's cash.
Still grinning, Marcy stuffed the money into the front pocket of her cutoffs.  She stood up, swaying slightly, and tipped her beer back.  Some of it ran out the corner of her mouth, down her neck, and into her shirt.  "Stay here.  I'll go get the weed for you," she said.
She left for a moment, then returned with a plastic bag of pot.  Danny rolled it up tight and stuck it in his pants, his stash of choice from his college days.
"If you want any more, I could ask around," the girl offered.
"I know where to find you," Danny told her.
Marcy Doe cocked her head and looked at him appraisingly.  Her body swayed slightly, like a reed in a breeze.  "Is there any thing else you want?" she asked.
Danny knew the question was subject to interpretation, but he had a pretty good idea what she meant.  "Not tonight," he told her.  "But the next time I'm in town, I hope I see you again.  If Chet's here, maybe we can tip a few together."
"Yeah, maybe."  She sighed heavily.  "I'm sleepy now."
Danny retrieved her remaining beer and handed it over.  "We might both be better off if nobody knew we met tonight," he suggested.  "This guy Franks wouldn't be happy about our little piece of business."
"That's okay with me," Marcy said.  She slid one hand up alongside Danny's head and pulled it down for a kiss.  It was unpleasantly wet, and her breath smelled like beer.  "You're a nice guy, like Chet," she said with a wistful, sleepy smile.
Danny stood in the doorway and watched her stagger down the hall to her own room.  Then he closed the door and waited a few minutes, this time with the light off.  Sitting in the dark with only a splash of outside light spilling across the bed, he thought about the girl.  The taste of her kiss was still in his mouth, and he wondered briefly what it might be like with her.
FIVE
Sucking Chest Wound
The bright, bucolic Saturday morning triggered an attack of self-indulgent laziness in Danny.  The Dalmatians, Jerry Lee and Elvis, woke Danny at ten or he might have slept later.  After putting them into their backyard run, he made coffee, retrieved the newspaper, and returned to his bedroom.
The enormous master bedroom of Danny's East Parkway home had one area for sleeping, and another for lounging.  Taking advantage of the sunlight that spilled in through a bank of French doors, Danny relaxed on a white wicker sofa to drink his coffee and browse the paper.  A breeze crept in through one of the open doors, foretelling another unseasonably comfortable August day.
As he scanned the headlines of the Commercial Appeal, bits and pieces of a plan for the day materialized in his mind.  He might take the dogs for a walk in nearby Overton Park, or better yet, a run.  He'd get his fly fishing tackle out, clean and oil it, take inventory, and figure out what he needed for his upcoming fishing trip with Deuce Hargrip.  A trip to the angler's alcove at Sporting Chance would be needed to replenish his fly box, and he might buy a couple of new fly rods and reels for himself and his dad.  Sometime during the day he'd spend some time going through the stack of mail Marcy had given him last night, looking for any information that might help further his understand Edwin Raines' activities during the months before his death.  He'd have a late lunch, then a nap.  Tonight he might stay in or go out, depending on his mood.
The harsh jangling of the telephone by the bed intruded into Danny's solitude just as he opened the sport's section.
The bedroom phone was one of those imitation antique monstrosities that a woman or an interior decorator would buy.  Shelby chose this one because it matched the antique brass and marble table on which it sat. It was about as convenient to use as a Get Smart shoe phone.  Danny intended to replace it with something more functional, but since he hardly ever used the phone in his bedroom, it was never a priority.
He considered not answering it.  Then thoughts of his father, a crisis at the magazine, or sundry other improbable emergencies flashed through his mind, and he couldn't resist.
Two seconds into the call he regretted the decision.
"Good morning, lover.  Hope I didn't catch you in bed.  Especially if you aren't alone."  The sweetness in his estranged wife's voice made him uncomfortable.  He had learned to be wary when she was nice to him.
"Hi Shelby.  No, I've been up a while."
"Big night last night?" his ex-wife asked.
"Just a late one."
"Come home alone?"  Shelby's curiosity about his love life annoyed him, mostly because his tentative forays into the dating world seldom matched the frequency or colorfulness of hers.
"I'll just let you wonder about that," Danny said.  In other words, yes.
"Well if you did, lover, I'm sure it was by choice.  No girl in her right mind would turn down a charming, good-looking hunk like you."
"There’s a lot of crazy women loose in Memphis," Danny told her.  He was tired of this meandering repartee, but he knew Shelby would take her time getting to what she wanted.  She never called when she wasn't somehow needy.
"Speaking of crazy women, you reminded me of something," Shelby said.  "Marietta sends her apologies for ditching you at the party the other night.  She tried to call you before she went back to New York, but she couldn't reach you."
"God bless caller ID."
"I guess I'm partly to blame for that night," Shelby conceded.  "I couldn't believe how jealous I felt when I saw the you two together.  These images kept flashing through my head.  Mattie Blades with her big fake New York boobies, naked in my canopy bed, with my husband..."
"Were we at your place in that jealous vision, Shelby?"  Danny asked.  "Your goons hauled that bed out of here weeks ago, you know."  He looked over at the ordinary, king-sized mattress and springs along the west wall of the room.  "I've got one of those heart-shaped numbers now.  Zebra-striped bedspread, silk sheets, the works.  It rotates, vibrates, and plays Johnny Mathis from hidden speakers.  And the ceiling mirrors make objects appear larger than they actually are.  Your friend missed out on a life-changing experience."
"But, you got your revenges on me, didn't you, lover?" Shelby pointed out.  "I nearly had to call the police and swear out papers to get rid of that big oaf you gave my address to.  Thank god he finally went home to Cactus Milk, Texas, or wherever he came from."
"I'd have given him your front door key if I had one."
"Like I said.  I was just jealous about seeing you with Marietta.  But I'm sorry now."
"Okay."  Danny really didn't carry a grudge about that particular night, or other similar encounters since he and Shelby separated.  How could he blame Shelby for just being Shelby?
"So what's on your schedule for today, lover?" Shelby asked.
"Just stuff."
"I just thought we might, you know, have lunch or something.  Remember those great brunches we used to go to on weekends and get half tight on Champagne in the middle of the day?"
He remembered.
"And then we'd go home and tumble back into bed and..."
"Feeling sentimental, are we, Shel?"  He knew he sounded harsh, but he resented her hauling out the nostalgia bit.  "What do you really want?  I don't have much furniture left, and I'm not giving you any money unless a judge orders me to."
"I don't want anything, Danny," Shelby said.  " I just miss you.  I want to be around you for a little while.  Nothing serious, nothing heavy.  Just lunch."
Although he didn't believe her, Danny knew he wanted that too.  Damn!  It was a feeling like climbing almost to the top of a snow bank, then stumbling and sliding to the bottom again.  Damn!  Damn!  Damn!
"Are you sure that's all this is?  Just lunch, with no tricks or surprises?" he asked.  "No movers showing up over here while I'm out to finish stripping the first floor?"
"They'd have to break in, wouldn't they?  I know you changed the locks," Shelby said.  "No, it's just lunch, lover."
* * *
Danielle's was a small, casual French restaurant on a quiet side street in the Overton Square district of Midtown Memphis.  It was in a converted two-story house, with tables and chairs scattered throughout several of the rooms upstairs and down.  The owner, Danielle Lasnier knew many of her regular customers personally, and often recommended specialties for her regular patrons.  When Shelby ate there, she usually just put herself in Danielle's hands.
During their earlier phone call, Shelby's mellow manner suggested to Danny that she might have already started drinking, and as he approached her table at Danielle's he saw that she was now halfway through a Champagne cocktail.  Without asking, a waiter brought the same to him.
Shelby was in what Danny used to refer to as one of her Monet moods—all soft colors, muted textures and tones, tranquil voice, demure smile, and compliant attitude.  Her cream-colored linen dress was simplicity itself, and she wore her hair pulled back in a simple bun.  She had on no makeup at all, which worked well with her baby's bottom complexion.
"God you look good!" Shelby said, reaching across the table to caress his hand.  "I'm not sure why, but I woke up this morning thinking about you.  I didn't think you'd come."
"Well, we didn't actually discuss it, but you're buying, aren't you?" Danny teased.  After a moment he withdrew his hand.  Her touch felt entirely too good.
"Whatever you want, lover," Shelby said.
Danny had always thought his wife was at her loveliest when no paints, powders, or cosmetics concealed her natural beauty.  When she was like this, it was as if she had temporarily set aside all her pretensions and tricks.
"So how are my babies?" Shelby asked.  "Are you taking good care of them?"
"I don't give them manicures and feed them Japanese veal like you did, but they're happy," Danny said.  "I'm going to take them to the park later for a run."
"I miss having them around.  I'd bring them to live with me, but condos just aren't a good place for big dogs.  And I'm traveling more now, too."
"It's okay.  They're fine at my place."  Shelby already had the two Dalmatians when they got married, but Danny was attached to them now and really didn't want to see them go.  He didn't say that directly though, because then she would take them for sure.
"You're in a reflective mood today," Danny noted.  "What brought that on?"
"I don't know.  I've been thinking about a lot of things lately.  About you and me, the mistakes I made and the ones you made, what I want to do now, and where my life is going.  Things like that.  But every time I try to sort it out, it seems like everything just swirls together into this big confusing mess.  I don't know where to start."
Shelby took a drink of champagne.  Above the rim of the glass her eyes looked lovely, but melancholy.  "Sometimes when I wake up in the morning," she said, "before my thoughts come together, I look around my bedroom at the condo and I wonder why I'm not at home sleeping in my own bedroom.  And if there's somebody there with me, it startles me when I realize it's not you.  Nothing seems natural about my life now."
A pang of raw pain shot through Danny, but he said nothing.  He wondered if she was about to say she wanted to come back to him, and he wondered how he would react if she did.
"I know I shouldn't say things like that to you, baby," she went on.  "Especially not the part about other men.  I know it must hurt you."
"We're separated, Shelby, and soon to be divorced.  We both do what we want.  It's okay."  He wished he could be as detached as he tried to sound, but the truth was, it did hurt.
"My life is so strange now," Shelby explained.  "It's like I don't have any control of myself anymore.  I feel like some completely unstable spirit has taken over and is living my life for me.  When I left you, I thought that after we were apart for a while, I'd know how I wanted to live.  But I can't find any answers, and I can't reach any point where I think, 'This is it.  This is where I want to be and this is who I want to be.'  It's like trying to drive down a mountain with no brakes."
"Sounds rough," Danny said.  He'd heard all this I don't know who I am talk before in many variations.  But he couldn't help her.  He didn't know who the hell she was either.
"I shouldn't be allowed to complain, though, should I?" Shelby said.  "After all, I'm the one who put myself in this position.  I'm the one who wanted to break up, and you didn't."
"Not until I found out what you were doing behind my back," Danny replied.  "That's when my circuits started throwing sparks."
"I guess I acted pretty slutty didn't I?" Shelby admitted.
"Yep.  What you did was damn slutty," Danny agree.
"I don't know what got into me, baby," Shelby said contritely.  She laid her hand on the table, offering it to him, but he didn't take it.  "We were having so many problems, so many fights.  I felt so sad and so alone.  I needed somebody, and there Derek was.  Then he turned out to be such a bastard..."
The appearance of a waiter at their table bought a merciful end to her self-flagellations.  Danny was glad, because it was shaping up to be the same old tailspin.
The waiter was a slender, sullen man who seemed only vaguely interested in their needs.  He affected an indistinct accent that might have been French.  He carelessly deposited a basket of bread and a saucer of butter on the table.  Neither of them had looked at the menu yet, so he waited impatiently while they quickly scanned it.  Danielle was nowhere around to suggest to Shelby what she wanted to eat, so Danny ordered seafood bisque and lobster salads for both of them.
"You like lobster salad.  It's one of your favorites," Danny told her.  It was so easy to drop into the old routines.
"Sure, that's sounds good," Shelby said.
Shelby told the waiter to bring two more champagne cocktails, but Danny changed his order to tea.  Two or three drinks would make him too lethargic to run.
They broke open the crusty French rolls, buttered them, and ate.  Shelby lapsed into small talk, describing a recent jaunt to Boston she had taken with "a friend," which of course meant a man.  According to the latest rumors, her more-or-less steady boyfriend at the moment was a guy named Paul Elliott, a real-estate developer that she met in a community theatre group.
As their food began to arrive, she chattered about the Boston restaurants and the shopping, and a balmy afternoon spent aboard a sailboat.  "I ate lobster and crabs and clam chowder until I thought I would burst," she laughed.  "By the time I got home, I couldn't fit into any of my new summer outfits."
"You don't look like you've put on an ounce since the last time I saw you," Danny noted.
"You ought to seem me naked," Shelby said, her eyes dancing mischievously.  "You'd think something entirely different then."
"I'm sure I would.  But that's not likely to ever happen again, is it?"
"Never say never, lover," Shelby laughed.  "We are still married, you know."
She was right.  It had already happened three times since Shelby moved out of the house.  Each of their sexual encounters was unplanned, unstoppable, and intense.  Divorced friends told Danny that "sex with the ex" could be spectacular, but the whole phenomenon baffled him.  Why keep something going with someone that you wanted to be finished with?  But when the blood rose and primal hunger surged between two people who had already shared so much love and pain, the forces of nature created an inescapable physical vortex.
"Shelby, the problem is that you look at the reality of our marriage in whatever way seems most convenient for you at the moment," Danny told her.  "When the lawyers get all the financial spaghetti untangled and we finally get our divorce..."
"Don't say that!" Shelby interrupted.
"Why not?  Where do you think all this is going?  We're not exactly walking down a garden path toward a cottage by the sea, Shel.  Things have gone too far.  The life we had as husband and wife doesn't exist anymore."
"I hate it when you say things like that," Shelby told him.  Her eyes brimmed suddenly.  "You're always so factual about things.  So definite.  What about feelings and emotions?"
Two things stopped Danny from countering her question with yet another bolt of crystal-clear, male logic.  One was the fat, glistening tear that crept down beside her nose, trailed across her cheek, and dripped off her chin onto the front of her dress.  The other was the realization that she was right.  The mess they had made of things could never be figured out, its progress plotted like coordinates on a map.  They were in an uncharted wasteland that could only be endured and survived.
This time he did reach out to lay his hand on top of hers.  An annoying wave of guilt swept over him.  Her tears made him feel like a louse and a bumbling lout, which was their purpose.
"You men!" Shelby sniffled.  "I hate you and I love you.  And I hate myself for needing you so much.  Every one of you is just the same.  It's been such a horrible weekend!  First Paul starts yelling at me last night at the play and leaves me stranded downtown.  Then I realize my purse is at his house, with my keys in it, so I have to get my landlord to let me in my own home at one in the morning, and he's pissed about that.
"And now today when I reach out to you for a little friendship and understanding, you start lecturing me about how I'm not your wife anymore and you can't wait to get divorced.  You're all just mean, inconsiderate, selfish jerks."
Danny experienced a phenomenon.  The feel of her hand beneath his changed in a heartbeat from warm, soft, female flesh to a clammy, foreign thing.  He took his hand away.
"You're right, Shelby," he said.  "We're big dumb brutes.  It's just your bad luck that you can't do without us."
Shelby's morning call, her invitation to lunch, and her melodramatic introspection were beginning to make more sense.  He was the antidote for the ill treatment she had suffered from a boyfriend, and now he was letting her down, too.  Who could she call next, he wondered.
"I don't remember single life being this hard before we got married," Shelby complained.  "Men were easier to handle back then.  Now it seems like there's so much more..."  She searched for the word she wanted.  "...so much more rebellion."
First they were oppressive brutes and then they were rebellious minions, Danny thought.  He wished she would make up her mind.
The check came and Danny paid it.  He walked her to her car, a silver Lincoln Navigator he had never seen before.  He wondered if he'd end up paying for it in the divorce settlement.  She had parked it in the shade at the back of the restaurant lot.
"I want to see my babies," Shelby told him.  "I thought I might take them over to mothers and let them swim in her pool and romp in the backyard.  Maybe some afternoon next week."
"Just let me know when and I'll leave them out in the run for you," Danny offered.
At her car, she opened the door, then turned and unexpectedly put her arms around his neck.  The Monet mood was past, and there was heat and hunger in her kisses.  She pressed hard against him from shoulder to thigh.  He permitted himself the luxury of enjoying it, but not too much.
"I could come over now," she suggested softly.
The offer caught him off guard, which was one of her talents.  But why not, he thought.  Three slips or four, what difference did it make?  A tingle of anticipation spread through him, not just in his loins, but throughout every nerve, muscle and tendon in his body.
"No, wait.  I can't," Shelby said.  She actually managed to sound disappointed.  "I'm sorry, lover, but I have to break into Paul's house and get my purse and keys while he's out golfing.  And you've got that run in the park, don't you?"
Yes he did, Danny thought.  And now he needed it more than ever.
* * *
Monday morning Danny arrived at the magazine offices just as the sun's first rays were slicing across the parking lot.  He made coffee, strong and dark the way he liked it, and settled at his desk to eat his greasy fast-food breakfast.
After his lunch with Shelby Saturday, the rest of the weekend sucked.  Saturday night he was drunk before he even started out for the evening, and he got drunker at a succession of bars in Midtown and Whitehaven.  At Printer's Alley he got into an argument at the pool table that nearly came to blows, and at Essie's Lounge he made a date with some middle-aged north Mississippi cowgirl whose phone number was later obliterated by a spilled Budweiser.  The rest of the night was an alcoholic blur.
Sunday morning was devoted to hangover damage control, and Sunday afternoon was spent poking around the house and reflecting on how he had gotten pulled into such a miserable situation.  He tossed and turned that night, reenacting dozens of I-should-have-said conversations with Shelby.  By four a.m. he was wide awake.  In the shower he made one solemn pledge.  Never again.
He decided a hard day at the office might be the best way to blunt the misery that interaction with Shelby's so often triggered.
By eight when the staff began to arrive, Danny had worked his way through a stack of mail, and was wading into the myriad emails that had clogged his inbox.  The cure was work.  He felt better already.
Lottie stopped by his office on her way in.  "You're here early," she noted with a smile.  "What's the occasion?"
"Nothing special," Danny told her.  "I got tired of being worthless, so I decided to show up and earn my pay."
"There's always plenty to do in this place," Lottie said.  She didn't look particularly pleased by the prospect of having him around all day.
"Good.  When you get a minute, maybe we can go over the lineup for next month.  I've got a couple of ideas about how to juice up the Best Burger Bars in Memphis piece, and I want to make sure we've done enough homework for the school system thing.  There might be another perspective we could consider."
"It's pretty late in the process to start changing things, Danny," she cautioned him.
"I know, but we can talk about it.  Just see if you've got a slot open this morning, and let me know."
"Sure."
Unlike Lottie, his secretary was pleased to have an actual flesh-and-blood boss to take care of for a change.  To mark the occasion Fancy ran out for donuts, and she fixed him a cup of almond raspberry espresso from her private stash.  She smiled and teased and flashed her legs for him as she perched on the arm of his couch to chat.  Danny learned that her children had done well in swim class that summer, and her husband had been promoted to second shift supervisor at the truck line.  They were pricing lots near Enid Reservoir where they could park a little vacation trailer for weekend getaways and summer vacations.  The whole family loved crappie fishing.
During the morning other staffers stopped by to swap small talk.  Danny assured them that he was doing well and planned to keep more regular office hours now that his life had settled down.  Eventually the residual angst from the weekend began to dissipate.
Will Bishop came to work around eleven after staying late the night before finishing a piece.  Most of the writers kept odd hours, which was accepted practice.  After settling in, he stopped by Danny's office.
"I've put together all I can on this guy," Will told him, "but it isn't much."  He handed over a thin manila folder with a few pieces of paper inside, then slouched onto the sofa.  He wore sandals and a beat-up Dodgers cap, and he looked like he hadn't had much sleep.
"What did you find out?" Danny asked.
Let's see.  The car's in his name, registered to an address on Madison.  He bought it in February.  The police check was clean, and there's very little out there in the way of financial or credit background.  Other than the bank account and credit card at that bank in Bartlett, which you already knew about, he's got no financial history that I could discover.  He's had the bank account for over a year, but the Madison address is only about eight months old.  Before that, his address of record was someplace in Natchez, Mississippi."
"Natchez?" Danny asked.  That one puzzled him.
"The street address is in the folder."
"Okay, what else?"
"Not much, but I could keep digging.  Mississippi public records are a possibility.  But do you want to know my opinion, boss?"
"Sure, let's have it."
"Until a year or so ago, E.C. Murphy probably didn't exist.  It's a fake identity, pieced together as needed, and it's still a work in progress.  My guess is it's not a government thing, like Witness Protection or something, because it's not thorough enough.  This Murphy might just be a guy who needed to disappear, or someone who needs a second identity so he can do something that can't be traced back to his real name."
Without knowing it, Will had nailed it, Danny thought.  But nothing here helped answer the big question.  Why?
"Thanks for giving it a shot," Danny said.  "I hope you didn't use up too many favors."
"I owe a loan officer at the bank a pair of Redbirds tickets and dinner on Beale Street.  But I can expense that, I guess.  So what now?"
"Let's put this on hold, Will.  I'll let you know if I need you to dig deeper."
Will Bishop's gaze held steady, a question forming in his mind.  "I've asked this before, but is it possible that there's a story here someplace?" he finally asked.  "If so, I'd like have it.  It's kind of intriguing."
"There's not much chance of that," Danny said.  "Actually, I'm just doing this for a friend, and like I told you before, it could be embarrassing."
"Do you know who E.C. Murphy actually is?" Will asked.  The kid had good instincts.
"Sorry, but I can't tell you any more right now.  I would if I could."
"Fine.  You're the boss."
Lottie Batayanga didn't find time for Danny until after lunch, and by then he had decided not to rock the boat by tossing his suggestions into next month's feature mix.  It would be a fight trying to get her to agree to any changes after the pieces were already put to bed.  Plus, it wasn't fair to drop in without warning and start throwing his publisher's weight around just because he decided to start playing boss.  He paid her to run the magazine, and he had to let her do it.
Instead they went over the usual list of business and financial matters, and Lottie outlined the preparations for his upcoming trout fishing trip with Deuce Hargrip.
By mid-afternoon he had everything wrapped up and was preparing to leave.  As he was stuffing things into his briefcase, Fancy stuck her head in the door.
"Caulder Raines is on the phone," she said.
"Thanks," Danny told her.  "Pull that door closed if you don't mind, Fancy."
Danny sat, put his feet on the desk and picked up the phone.
"You won't believe how crazy things have been since I saw you last," Caulder told him.  "My new band is going like gangbusters out on the West Coast.  All of a sudden, everybody wants a piece of Unslung Heroes, and the kids out there are going nuts over them and their music.  The offers are coming in so fast I don't have time to return all the calls."
"That's great, Caulder.  It's time for good things to start happening for you."
"Well they are," Caulder said.  "Their last three concert dates were sellouts, and the recording companies are in a bidding war.  I'm not sure the guys even have enough original songs yet to do a full album, but it looks like we'll be making a deal for three over the next two years."
"Did you finally get all that contract business straightened out?" Danny asked.  "The last time we talked, some other agencies were trying to steal the band away from you."
"It's funny how that worked out," Caulder said excitedly.  "A goon from one of the big outfits was promising them everything from Ferraris to beach houses, and half the band wanted to go with them.  But then the guy got drunk at a party and tried to make out with the lead singer's little sister.  A couple of them roughed him up and tossed him in a fountain.  The next day they locked into a two-year deal with me."
"It's a good object less for them early on.  Dance with the one that brought you."
"You got it," Caulder said.  "I don't know what might have happened to these boys if they'd put themselves in the hands of one of these sharks, but I guarantee they would have been sorry six months or a year down the road.  I plan to make a lot of money off these kids, but I'll do it the right way.  Their careers will always come first."
"Congratulations, Caulder.  I'm happy for your success."
"It's the break I needed.  I want to tell you all about it when we get together."
"Sounds good.  I have some information about Edwin that I want to give you, too," Danny said.
"I've been wondering about that," Caulder said.  "Have you learned anything?"
"Yes, and things just keep getting curiouser and curiouser," Danny told her.  "Where are you now?"
"In Seattle," Caulder said.  "The band just finished a show, but they're going to stay here for a few days of R and R.  They want to go camping, if you can believe that.  I got a guide lined up to take them backpacking at Mount Ranier.  Chad's going with them to take care of logistics, but I'm taking the red-eye home tomorrow night, so I'll get in early Wednesday morning.  How's Wednesday night looking for you?"
"I'm free," Danny said.  "These days I'm always free."
"Then come to dinner," Caulder said.  "I want to celebrate and I've got something special in mind.  Come dressed up."
"How dressed up?" Danny asked.
"The best you've got."
Something about the call bothered Danny as he left the office.  For a week he had been trying to figure out how to break the news to Caulder about his strange discoveries concerning Edwin.  But when he mentioned having news, she hardly seemed interested.
In her defense, though, this did sound like an incredible opportunity, and her excitement was understandable.  He was one of the first friends to advise her to get on with her life.  Wasn't that what she was doing?
SIX
Dinner and a Dream
Danny Skerett shifted the shoulders of his white dinner jacket and buttoned one front button as he approached Caulder Raines' front door.  He felt like a character in an old thirties movie heading for a posh New York nightclub to listen to Goodman and rub shoulders on the dance floor with William Powell and Judy Garland.
Danny hadn't dressed this formally since last spring when he took Shelby to a Heart Foundation affair and, on an impulse, bought her a $7700 ermine cloak in a fast-paced, overpriced auction for charity.  His dress pants were looser now, confirming his theory that the divorce diet was an effective weight loss program.
Caulder answered the door wearing a black silk gown that clung to her tall, slender form.  Her hair was shorter and lighter than it was when he last saw her.  Her makeup was understated but perfect, and his first whiff of her expensive fragrance made his head swim.  Some hot widow.
"You look incredible, Caulder," Danny said.  He gave her a peck on the cheek, feeling self-conscious at the physical contact.
"What a nice compliment," Caulder smiled.  "You look very dapper yourself, Mr. Skerett.  Thanks for coming over and indulging my whims."
She led him down into a paneled library outfitted with heavy walnut furniture and deep leather sofas.  Danny had been in this room a number of times, but paused again to admire the elegance and taste of its furnishings.  Each piece fit perfectly in its location, complementing those around it.  The books lining the walls represented the spectrum of Edwin's interests, including antiques, coins, stamps, wines, history, anthropology and literary classics in assorted languages.
On a table near the middle of the room a dusty, oddly-shaped bottle and two glasses sat on a polished silver tray.  Decades spent in dim, musty environments had coated the bottle with a hazy film and made the label practically unreadable.
"I raided Edwin's cellar for something interesting, and I came up with this brandy," Caulder explained.  "I don't know if it's any good, but I do know it's very old and he paid a lot of money for half a dozen bottles several years ago.  So act impressed even if you aren't."
"If I don't appreciate it, it will be because of my own lack of sophistication," Danny told her.
She poured, and Danny raised the etched crystal glass to his lips expectantly.  The brandy had a deep amber luster, and tasted smooth and rich.  Caulder sipped hers, smiling appreciatively.
"I suppose it's...adequate," she said with mock snobbery.
"It's a luxurious, yet somehow recalcitrant little vintage," Danny blustered lightly, taking another swig.  "So where are we going for your big celebration?"
"Will you be disappointed if we don't go out at all?" Caulder asked.
"Not as long as this stuff is part of the evening's plans," Danny said, raising his glass.
"I didn't feel right going out so soon after Edwin's death, Danny.  It's not so much what people might say, although that's part of it.  But I've been on the road almost constantly for three weeks, and all I've done is eat in restaurants from one coast to the other.  I felt like staying in and having a pleasant, relaxing evening...but with a flair."
"I like your plan," Danny said.  "Did you cook?"  The idea of Caulder flying in on the red-eye, grabbing a little sleep, shopping, cooking, and getting herself this dressed up, all within the course of a day, stretched the imagination.
Caulder laughed at the notion.  "Having a pleasant evening precludes eating anything I might whip up in the kitchen, Danny Boy.  I want you to go home at the end of the night, not to the emergency room," she said.  "Have you ever heard of Carrie and Ben Steverson?"
"The caterers?" Danny asked.  "Sure, we profiled them in the magazine a year or two ago.  They're the hottest thing going on the Memphis party circuit."
"We'll they're in the kitchen right now preparing, Lobster Bisque Benjamin, Steak Seville, Pear Honey Crème Brulee, and a list of other goodies that I chose for the evening."
"How did you get them on such short notice?" Danny asked incredulously.  They were notoriously hard to hire, sometimes requiring booking as much as six month's ahead.
"They're good friends," Caulder explained.  "When Ben was starting out, I took him on the road with us for six months to cook for Saddle Trash.  When he got home, he jockeyed the experience into a position as head chef at Falandro's downtown, and then went on to start his catering business."
"So tonight they're cooking dinner for just the two of us?"
"Why not?" Caulder asked blithely.  "I told you I'm celebrating."  She refilled their glasses, and they settled onto one of the leather sofas.
"Tell me more about Unslung Heroes," Danny said.
"They're just a bunch of good-looking, talented country boys who happened to get together the right time with the right sound.  If the drugs and booze and whores don't wreck their lives like they did Heck Cherry's, they could go a long way.
"But I'm not bragging when I say that they need someone like me to keep the business and marketing sides of things fine tuned so they can do what they do best, which is make music and make the ladies hearts go pitter-patter."
Danny could believe that.  The five members of Unslung Heroes were in their early twenties, grinning, dreamy-eyed young country boys in tight jeans, tooled boots, and Western hats.  Their music was a stimulating mix of country and rock, and their high-energy performances kept the crowds alive with excitement.
"What's it like on the road with them?"
"It's nothing like being out there with Saddle Trash," Caulder replied.  "Those were some crazy times I hope never to relive.  Heroes is still playing medium-sized venues, but if their first album takes off, they'll be packing the coliseums in six months."
Midway through their second glass of brandy Ben Steverson called them into the dining room for dinner.  He was a tall, blond-haired Nordic, and when Caulder introduced him to Danny, his handshake was firm and damp.  His white apron was splattered from cooking, and his tall chef's hat nearly brushed the low-hanging chandelier in the library.
"You're going to enjoy what's in store for you tonight," the chef said with satisfaction.  As Danny helped Caulder to her seat at one end of the long dining table, Steverson returned to the kitchen.  His own place had been set at the opposite end of the table, placing him a dozen feet away from Caulder.  He could have done without that particular formal touch.
The chef and his wife came from the kitchen a moment later.  She served the bisque from a steaming tureen on a wheeled cart while he poured wine.  It looked and tasted like another exclusive vintage, Danny thought, again no doubt from Edwin's basement stockpiles.
"This soup is one of Ben's trademark creations," Caulder explained.  "It's probably the most delicious things you'll ever put into your mouth."
"Widely imitated, but never copied," Steverson added with a grin.
Danny tasted the bisque, found it every bit as good as Caulder promised, and offered the expected superlatives.   The Steversons withdrew in victory.
Despite the good food and wine, and the good company, Danny felt a certain discomfort.  He imagined Edwin and Caulder sitting at this very table together, celebrating some event in their lives, perhaps decked out in similar finery, enjoying a special time together as man and wife.  And now here he was sitting in his dead friend's chair, drinking his wine, eating his soup, and even feeling vague stirrings of lust toward his dazzling, lovely wife.  He felt like an interloper.
As if reading his thoughts, Caulder said, "Once in a while Edwin and I would dine in like this, usually on our anniversary or some other special occasion.  We pretended we were wealthy, sophisticated, blue-bloods, but we always had fun doing it.  We'd take turns planning the menu, and once, just for fun, I fixed bologna sandwiches and macaroni and cheese."  She smiled at the memory.  "Picture the two of us, Edwin in his tails and me in my gown, drinking Kool-Aid out of leaded crystal goblets and eating macaroni and cheese on our wedding china."
"I'm glad the menu has changed," Danny said.
"Well I appreciate you coming over," Caulder said.  "With the schedule I keep, I don't have time for many friends.  But sometimes I want to share things with someone."
"This is not exactly a sacrifice on my part, Caulder," Danny pointed out.  "About once a month my housekeeper stocks up on things she thinks I'll eat, and dinner for me is usually whatever I lay my hands on when I open the freezer door.  I might ask for a doggie bag before I leave here tonight."
As if on cue, the Steverson's returned with the next course.  Smelling the rich beef creations that they served onto his plate, Danny decided it would be foolish, perhaps even sinful, to ruin an experience like this with misplaced guilt about eating poor dead Edwin's steak.  Instead he would just enjoy it.
At the far end of the table, Caulder forked a thin, sauce-covered slice of Steak Seville into her mouth, her eyes lighting up with pleasure.
* * *
After dinner coffee was served in the library.  Caulder had hers with a shot of Irish whisky and a dollop of whipped cream.  Danny spiked his liberally with Grand Marnier.  They were both quiet and reflective in the afterglow of the delicious meal.
Danny couldn't recall how many drinks he'd had, including the double-shot of Jack Daniels he tossed back at home, but his eyelids were heavy, and his body and mind seemed to be slowed to half-speed.  At the opposite end of the leather sofa, Caulder sat with her legs curled up under her, holding her coffee cup in both hands as if warming herself, gazing meditatively across the room.
The Steversons left, explaining that they had put the leftover food away and would send someone in the morning to clean up.  It was somehow nice to know there was no one else in the house now except the two of them.
Danny had observed Caulder Raines in many different situations on many different occasions during the years he had known her.  He could not recall ever seeing her when she was not dressed stylishly, when she did not look strikingly pretty, when she did not seem in control of herself and her surroundings.  He had, as men will do, admired the lines of her figure, and had occasionally wondered what her private, sexual side was like.
But he had never seen her look more beautiful and alluring than she was at that moment.  If she was a stranger tonight, Danny thought...
Caulder shifted her legs until her feet were on the floor and looked at Danny.  "I guess it's time," she said quietly.
Danny looked back at her, puzzled.  "Time for what?"
"For you to tell me what you found out about my husband," she said.  "Thank you for letting me have my nice evening without any upsets or bad news, but I should hear what you've learned about the wallet and the key."
It took Danny a moment to make the mental shift.  "Let's see.  Where do I start?" he said.  He sat up straighter and sipped his coffee.
He had considered how he might begin in a way that led Caulder to the more startling conclusions in a slow, palatable progression.  It was like telling someone that there had been an accident, and that there had been injuries, and that some of the injured had not survived, before finally revealing that grandpa was dead.
But at this instant all Danny's plans eluded him, and he just blurted out the truth.
"For the past few months," he said, "Edwin has spent a lot of time, effort and money building a second identity."
At first Caulder looked confused.  "A second identity?"
"The things you found, the wallet and keys and all the rest, were his.  Edwin is, or at least was, E.C. Murphy.  He had a car, a bank account, an apartment, and even a some friends.  I visited the apartment.  It's a dump not far from here on Madison, and I talked to one of his neighbors.  She called him Chet, and she said he had lived there for months."
"I don't mean to doubt your word, Danny," Caulder said, "but that's ridiculous.  He lived here.  With me."
"The neighbor said he traveled a lot," Danny explained.  "He wasn't there more than a few days a month.  Think about it.  With both of you gone so much, he could have occasionally dropped into that persona while you were away."
Caulder sat there for a moment staring at Danny, her mouth open slightly as if preparing to speak.  Instead she stood up, went to a sideboard nearby, and sloshed a stiff shot of whiskey into a glass.  She tossed the drink back and coughed.
"But why?" she asked at last.
"I've been trying to figure that out," he admitted.  "But I haven't come across anything that makes sense yet."
"If he was planning to disappear," Caulder said, "he would have started building his new life farther away wouldn't he?  So why?"  She went through the same litany of possibilities that Danny had considered.  Trouble with the law?  Another woman?  Drug addiction?  A sudden urge to do something crazy?
"Any of those is possible," Danny said.  "Or it could be something else entirely.  All I can say for sure is that I haven't seen any indication that he was doing anything really bizarre...other than buying some strange clothes that the real Edwin would never have worn in public."
He described the apartment contents and its unsettling location above a rowdy, late-night country bar.  He told Caulder about his confrontation with Franks, the hostile manager, but downplayed Edwin's friendship with the woman named Marcy.
"So you don't think the girl was the reason?" Caulder asked.
"They were only casual friends," Danny said.  He thought, but didn't say, that if Edwin had been unfaithful to Caulder with a woman like Marcy Doe, his sanity should be in question.
"What did they think he did for a living?"
"The girl didn't know.  She guessed he was some kind of traveling salesman."
"And the other guy, the landlord, didn't know either?"
"Franks wasn't the cooperative type," Danny chuckled grimly.  "Seems like he was just looking for some excuse to crack my spine across his knee.  I think the only reason he let me alone was his suspicion that I might be a policeman."
"Oh yes, the police," Caulder said, remembering their investigation of her husband's death.  "Had they been there?"
"Apparently not," Danny said.  "The wallet and the key might have been the only link that would lead them there, and if Mike Parmalee's team didn't find them when they were going over your place, they probably don't know anything about the apartment."
Danny had already considered whether they should tell the police about this, and decided he was against the idea.  He had no confidence in the lead detective.  Mike Parmalee seemed satisfied with the random mugging theory as an explanation for Edwin's murder.  It was easy, convenient, and gave him an excuse to move on to something else.
"From a legal standpoint, do we have to tell them?" Caulder asked.
"The best place to get legal advice is from a lawyer," Danny told her.
"I can just imagine what it would do to Edwin's reputation if something like this leaked out, Danny.  People would assume the worst, of course.  Everyone would assume he was up to something illegal, or something kinky and twisted and sexual."
"And it wouldn't do you much good either," Danny added.
"I feel selfish admitting it, but of course that's a consideration.  A scandal could seriously damage to my business.  I just can't imagine that Edwin could have been involved in anything too bizarre, but there's always the possibility that I didn't know my husband as well as I thought.  You hear about things like that."
"Who knows what evil lurks in the hearts of men?" Danny said with a grin, quoting The Shadow's trademark warning.
"You've got that right.  So what now, Danny?" Caulder asked.  "I've already gotten you more involved than I should, but I don't know who else could do what you've done."
Danny thought for a moment.  Caulder had returned to her place at the end of the sofa, hugging her legs in front of her, resting her chin on one knee.  She looked lovely and vulnerable, almost plaintive.
"Caulder, it scares the hell out of me to imagine giving you advice that turned out later to be dead wrong, especially in something this important," Danny said at last.  "But I will tell you one thing.  I think you should put any noble sentiments toward Edwin aside and do what you think is best for you.  He's dead, and well beyond knowing or caring what anybody thinks.  You should protect yourself if you can, in any way you can."
Caulder nodded.  His words seemed to legitimized what she was already thinking.
"It would be so much easier to know what to do if I just had more information," she said.  "None of it makes any sense to me.  This was a man who spent hours studying the watermarks on hundred-year-old postage stamps, or reading the New Testament in Greek.  Now I find out that when I left town, he drove a rust-bucket Buick across town to dress up like a sideshow barker and sleep in a shabby room above a bar.  My husband re-ironed his own shirts after they came back from the cleaner, for heaven's sake!"
"There are a few more things I could do," Danny finally offered tentatively.  "I can get Will Bishop to dig a little deeper on the paper trail.  And I told you about that other address down in Mississippi that I came across.  I might find out something else if I take a trip to Natchez."
"Is it too much trouble, Danny?" Caulder asked.  "You'd tell me if it was, wouldn't you?"
"To be honest, I'm enjoying it," Danny admitted.  "It reminds me of my newshound days."
"But what about your work at the magazine?"
"Lottie's got that covered.  But if it would make you feel any better, we could strike some kind of a deal.  Tit for tat."
"What do you have in mind?" Caulder asked.  Her bemused smile indicated that his suggestion might be subject to more than one interpretation.
"How about an exclusive with Unslung Heroes?" Danny said, feeling himself flush.  "A big spread with lots of pictures.  We might even give them a cover."
"I love the idea, and I'm sure the guys will, too.  Just say when," Caulder promised.
"Great.  I'll talk to Lottie about timing, but I'm sure she'll be willing to move a few things around for a chance like this."
"It's the least I can do, Danny."
Danny took another sip of coffee and glanced at his watch.  Eleven-thirty.  That wasn't particularly late, but Caulder looked worn out.  He finished his coffee and announced that it was time to go.
She walked him to the door and they paused for their goodnights.  Danny felt awkward, not sure how they should to end the evening.
"Thanks for coming over, and for being my friend.  I haven't felt this relaxed since Edwin died," Caulder said, smiling tiredly.  She took his hand in both of hers, raised it to her mouth and lightly kissed his fingers.  Danny fought hard not to read too much into the gesture.
"When are you leaving again?" he asked.
"No later than Thursday.  First I have business to take care of here that just can't wait.  But right now all I can think about is sleep.  I'll be lucky to make it to the bedroom and get undressed before I pass out."
He almost offered to help with that, but decided it would be a lame joke.  "I'm sure you're exhausted," he said.  "We'll talk again before you go about our plan of attack."
"And about the piece on the band," Caulder reminded him.  "The guys will love the idea of appearing in a big magazine spread right here in their home town."
"I hope so."  Gathering his nerve, Danny leaned forward to give her a light kiss.  He aimed for her cheek, but she moved her head slightly and their mouths ended up meeting briefly.
"Good night, Danny," she said, smiling, taking a step back. 
As the door closed behind him and he started down the long sidewalk, Danny felt a blast of conflicting feelings.  Good sense dictated that the attraction he felt for his dead friend's widow was entirely inappropriate, the result of the liquor he'd put away.  But his own advice to Caulder kept coming back to him.  Edwin was dead and beyond knowing or caring what happened now.  Maybe, Danny thought, he should put his own needs first.
He paused at the car and looked back at the house.  He was two thirds drunk, and his hormones were raging after the past five hours with a woman who was just too damn gorgeous to be only a close friend.  What would happen if he marched back up to the door, rang the bell, and took her into his arms?
The porch light went out, followed by the lights in the foyer.  Next went the ones in the library windows.  The house was suddenly dark and still.  It was enough to leave his impulsive urges stillborn in his mind.
Shelby was right about men, he decided with a sigh.  We're all just jerks.
* * *
Danny woke damp with sweat.  The sheet was kicked into a wad at his feet.  The residue of the night's excesses had turned sour in his mouth.  The clock on the bedside table read one forty-two.
He staggered into the bathroom, letting a shaft of moonlight from the windows light his way.  At the sink he rinsed his mouth and spat the water out, then drank a full glass.
The dream about Caulder Raines had been detailed and vivid, so stirring and intensely sexual that it shocked him awake.  The memory of it seemed more real than reality itself.
Returning to bed, he replayed the details of the dream in his mind like an erotic fantasy, hungry to will himself back into it, back into her arms.  But the experience dissolved from the temporary regions of his mind like dissipating smoke.
He rolled onto his side, studying the mottled, shifting patterns that the moonlight created as it filtered through the leaves and branches of an ancient oak in his side yard.  He remembered waking one night and seeing Shelby standing beside that window, her slim form outlined by the same moonlight.  They had been fighting earlier, and she had refused to make up in bed.  Finally she had turned from the window, silently passing the bed as he feigned sleep, and left the room.
In the distant past he remembered another night, another window, another woman.  Her name was Lydia, or maybe Linda, and they met a few hours before in a college bar a few blocks from the dorm where he stayed.  In the foggy adolescent afterglow of clumsy, drunken sex, he had not realized that her purpose in going to the window in the middle of the night was to steal the crumpled bills from the pocket of his jeans, which lay tossed across a chair.   Pulling on her own clothes, she whispered to him that she had to go, and slipped out the door.
He ran into her a few weeks later in the same bar, but she didn't recognize him.  He didn't say anything to her about the money.  It was no longer important.  Nor did he warn the boy she was with, a lanky youth, his eyes glazed and his pimply cheeks aglow with drunkenness, that he would probably wake tomorrow alone and broke.  Like Danny, he looked like he needed to get laid more than he needed next week's pocket money.
As the cool of the night settled over him again, Danny pulled the sheet up.  The quiet and solitude of his room was comfortable.
Random, erotic images of Caulder and Shelby mingled in his thoughts as he drifted back toward sleep.  His fantasies were pleasant, perhaps even more pleasant than having one or the other of them actually in bed with him.  Sometimes not being alone wasn't worth what it cost.
SEVEN
Taking Chances
Danny felt bold tonight.  His first spy run to Jezebel's had gone so well that he decided to go again.  As before, he left home late in the evening, wanting the crowd at the bar to be thick and tanked when he got there.  Parking was the usual mess, but he finally found a spot down the side street between Jezebel's and the Chinese restaurant.  Inside the bar the music pounded as he walked toward the front entrance.
A big fellow with an untamed beard and a black bandanna swaddling his shaved head collected five dollars from him at the door.  The music must be good tonight if they were charging a cover, Danny thought as he shoved through the front doors.  Behind him, a surly, staggering drunk complained about the cover charge and tried to elbow in without paying.  The doorman captured the drunk's face in a meaty paw and gave him a hard shove.  The drunk toppled backward across the hood of a car, then rolled off into the gutter.  Danny didn't linger to see more.
He eased along the fringe of the crowd inside, keeping away from the bar where he assumed Franks was working.  He reached an unoccupied spot along a wall to the left of the stage.  In front of him several people were crowded around two tables that were pushed together.  When a waitress came to check the people at the table, he caught her attention, pointed at a beer bottle on the table, and held up one finger.  She nodded and turned away, skillfully plowing through the jam of bodies.
On the stage a tall, wiry man wearing tooled boots, faded jeans, black western shirt, and black cowboy hat sang into a microphone.  The rest of the band was arrayed behind him, playing the usual collection of guitars, keyboard and drums.  Danny was not familiar with the song, but it had something to do with keeping your six-shooter loaded and never leaving a wounded man behind.
Danny spent a few minutes scanning the crowd.  Franks wasn't working behind the bar, and Danny didn't spot him anywhere in the crowded room.  That made him nervous.  If he knew Franks' location he could keep an eye on him, but not knowing where he was meant that he might run into him unexpectedly.
The song ended before Danny ever really caught the gist of what it was about.  Following a howling explosion of cheers and applause, a few introductory chords from the bass guitar led immediately into the next number, a sad slow complaint about never knowing where she's gone or when she's coming home.  Half the people at the scattered tables rose, moved to the dance floor, and paired up.
Danny had decided he wouldn't risk another foray upstairs to Chet Murphy's rented room.  His last inspection of the place was thorough, so he saw no reason to return.  In fact, he wasn't sure what he was looking for tonight, but his lingering curiosity about Edwin's attraction to Jezebel's had drawn him here.
Through the shifting tide of dancers, Danny caught a glimpse of Franks sitting at a table with several other people near the back.  Gazing in that direction, he pieced together impressions as the swaying bodies afforded him glimpses of the bar owner and his friends.  Close beside Franks sat a plump brunette in a tight pink T-shirt and jeans.  She had probably been pretty once, but she had a boozy, used-up look about her now.  Her western-style straw hat was festooned with beads and feathers, and she swilled steadily from a brown beer bottle.  Franks had an arm draped over her shoulder, his hand cradling one swollen breast.
The other two men at the table were hard cases like Franks.  One was a small wiry guy with a crooked nose and the sunken features of a death camp survivor.  He wore a leather vest over a white t-shirt, and a leather cap was perched on his head.  He grinned frequently, revealing several dark spaces where front teeth had once been.  The second man was grim-faced and jittery.  He wore a worn denim vest and no shirt, displaying a wealth of tattoos across his chest.  His eyes never rested, constantly checking the door or sweeping the crowd, and the way he held his beer bottle hinted that he might consider it his most convenient weapon.
Beside the nervous man sat a second woman, a decent looking blond in a tight blouse who seemed to have an eye for any available cowboys in the place.  The man ignored her completely.
Danny kept the bill of his cap pulled down over his eyes, and tried to avert his gaze when it seemed like Franks might be looking in his direction.
A waitress approached Franks' table with a tray of drinks.  When she leaned across the table to distribute the bottles, the skinny guy reached out for her rear end.  She moved back suddenly to get away and a beer bottle tipped over, spilling its contents into the skinny guys lap.  He jumped up, suddenly furious.  The front of his jeans was damp and dark with spilled beer.  He grabbed at the waitress, but Franks was faster.  He grasped the back of the man's vest and slammed him into his chair so hard that he toppled backward and crashed to the floor.
The man struggled to his feet, rubbing his head where it hit the wall.  He growled something at Franks, righted his chair and sat down.  He glared at the waitress but didn't go for her again.  In a minute he picked up the toppled beer bottle, checked its contents, and drank what was left.  His idiotic grin returned.
Just the boys having some Saturday night fun.
The song ended and the dancers returned to their seats.  Danny adjusted his position so more of the crowd was between him and the bar owner.
After his beer was gone, Danny worked toward the bar to get another.  It was too crowded to actually get to the long wooden bar, but he caught the attention of a bartender and held up his empty bottle.  The bartender came over in a moment with a fresh beer.  They traded bottles and Danny handed him some money.
"You're so full of shit.  I don't see how you ever get a woman with a line like that," Danny heard a woman say nearby.
He recognized the voice and glanced to his right.  It was Marcy Doe, the woman he met upstairs in Edwin's apartment.  He was standing right behind her.
A young man with a thick shock of straight brown hair and a stupid, beery grin was trying out his moves on Marcy, but she wasn't buying it.
"Marcy," Danny said, tapping her shoulder.  "Remember me?"
She turned and her face lit up.  "Sure I do, Dan," she said.  "Back in town so soon?"
"Yeah, but I'm staying somewhere quieter this time.  I just stopped by to check out the music.  It's a pretty good band."
"They're called Little Easy.  They always pack the house.  Ol' Franks is making himself some money tonight."
Behind Marcy, the man continued to stare at her back for a moment.  Danny glanced over her shoulder and gave the guy a hard look.  It seemed to work, and he turned away.
"You look great, Marcy," Danny told her.  "I guess you're not working tonight."
"I told my manager I needed a couple of nights off," Marcy smiled.  "I can't afford it, but what the hell.  A girl's got to have some fun, you know?"
She did look good.  She wore a loose white peasant blouse with just enough pastel embroidery around the neck and sleeves to give it a feminine touch.  Her cut-off jeans were short and cute, and her skin looked soft and brown in the dim light.  Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail, and she had on lipstick and a few touches of makeup.  Her smile showed her genuine pleasure at seeing him again.
"I was wondering if you'd ever get back this way," Marcy said.  "I came down to Chet's room the next morning to see if you wanted breakfast, but you were already gone."
"I took off early.  I had an appointment, and after my business was finished, I started home.  But I enjoyed our visit."
"I was afraid you didn't get a good impression of me," Marcy said.  "I was pretty drunk that night, and dead tired.  School and two jobs can wear you down."
"No, I didn't think that," Danny assured her.
Danny got fresh drinks for both of them.  After a short break, the band plunged into a spirited tune that reinvigorated the audience.  In an instant, it was impossible for either Danny or Marcy to hear or be heard.  With a grin, Marcy pointed toward the front door, and they headed out.
Once outside, they went around the corner of the building where they were able to continue their conversation.
"Have you seen Chet?" Danny asked.  On its surface it was a stupid question.  He was asking her if she'd seen a dead man.  But it seemed like a question he would be expected to ask.
"No, nobody has," Marcy said, her smile fading.  "Franks is pissed about it, too.  Chet's rent is overdue, and Franks is talking about letting somebody else have the room if he doesn't show up soon.  I'd hate to see that happen."
"Well if I see him I'll tell him he'd better get his tail back over here to Memphis and take care of business," Danny said.
"I'd pay it myself if I had the money," Marcy said.  "But shit!  I have enough trouble paying my own bills."
"I know what you mean," Danny said.  "But if he loses this place, I guess he can find somewhere else to stay."
"Yeah," Marcy said quietly.  It was clear that she didn't look forward to losing her one friend in these depressing quarters.  Danny wished he could tell her the truth, but he wasn't sure he could trust her with the information.
"Hey look, Dan," Marcy said, brightening.  "My buzz is wearing off.  You want to come upstairs and get high?"
Danny's gazed drifted down the long brick wall to the dark doorway that led to the upstairs apartments.  He felt uncomfortable with the idea of venturing up those stairs yet again, but he thought that if he went upstairs with Marcy, he might learn a few more tidbits about Edwin's life here.
"Sure, I don't have any other plans," Danny said.  "But I told you about me and pot.  The two of us don't get along."
"That's right, I remember.  But I can find some cold beers in the fridge for you," Marcy promised.
She took his hand as they walked down the sidewalk.  Her hand was soft and moist, and Danny wondered if he had the resoluteness to turn down another proposition from her tonight.  It would be far too easy just to let things happen.
She led him up the dark stairs and down the hall to her room.  Danny could feel the thudding music through the bare wooden floorboards beneath his feet.
The layout of Marcy's room was much like Edwin's, but hers looked like it had been trashed by a pro.  Clothes were scattered everywhere, and books and papers littered the table.  The sink was half full of dirty dishes, and an open cereal box sat on the counter.  A bulging plastic trash bag hung from the handle of a cabinet door.  It reminded Danny of a dorm room.
"I'm such a slob," Marcy said.  "I give the place a lick and a promise on weekends, but that's about it."
"No problem," Danny assured her.  "I live alone too, so I know how it is."  A cockroach as big as a half dollar skittered across the floor and found refuge in a crack under the sink.
Marcy picked up a pair of jeans and a bra from a chair and tossed them toward her bed.  "Sit there," she told Danny.
She got Danny a beer from her small, humming refrigerator, then reached under the mattress of her bed and pulled out a baggie and a package of rolling papers.
"What a great hiding place," Danny teased.  "The narcs would never think of looking under there for your stash, would they?"
Marcy Doe just grinned and shrugged.  She sat cross-legged on the bed and skillfully fashioned a slender joint.  Digging a lighter from the pocket of her cut-offs, she lit it and inhaled deeply.
"You sure?" she said, offering the joint to Danny.  Her words came out in a sort of grunt as she attempted to hold the smoke in her lungs as long as possible.
"Thanks.  This will do just fine," Danny told her, raising the beer.
With a sighing sound, Marcy released the smoke.  A mellow look washed over her face, and her body relaxed.  The air filled with the rich, illicit scent of the burning herb.
Danny still liked that smell.  It reminded him of younger days—cruising around the city with his buddies looking for girls, lazy afternoons in a boat on Sardis Reservoir, late-night sessions in somebody's apartment talking lofty of ideas and grand ambitions.  He had never been a stoner, not in the brain-decaying, life-altering sense, but there had been a time when pot was integral to his lifestyle.  Thinking back now, he couldn't remember the last time he'd had a toke.
Marcy took another long hit on the joint, then pinched the glowing tip to extinguish it.  She dropped the one-inch nub back into the baggie and stuffed it back under her mattress.
"It's going to be boring around here if ol' Chet moves on," she said.  "Most of the people in this place are just drunks and freaks.  They come and go, and usually I don't even bother to learn their names.  All I care about is keeping them out of my room and out of my stuff and out of my pants.  But Chet was fun to be around.  When you talked to him, he'd listen.  You know, really listen.  He was smart, and he'd been places.  He'd been to New York and London and Paris, places like that.  He used to tell me that someday I'd go to places like that, too.  And the way he said it, I believed him."
"I don't see why that can't happen for you," Danny offered.
"Chet used to tell me just to stick it out in school and later I could write my own ticket," Marcy said.  "It's the kind of advice my daddy might have given me if he ever gave a shit what happened to me.  But the way Chet said it, he made me almost believe I could do it."
"Were Chet and Franks friends?" Danny asked.
"Franks seemed to like him well enough," Marcy said.  "Mostly Franks hangs around those hoodlum types.  But I saw him and Chet talking sometimes.  When Chet and I hung around the bar, sometimes we'd sit in the back at Franks' table when business was slow.  Chet like to hear about what Franks calls his "outlaw days," back when he was a bad-assed biker.
"Franks loved to tell bullshit stories about stuff him and his gang used to do.  Like raping women, and beating guys up, and shooting up bars.  He lived down in Texas then, and I think he was married and had some kids.  But he's not married now, at least not so you'd notice."
"Why would he open up to Chet?"
"I don't know.  Chet just got him talking.  Franks likes for people to know how tough he is, and how tough his friends are.  It's his self-image, you know?  The way some people think they're smart or good looking."
"Has Franks ever tried anything with you?" Danny asked.
"I'm not his type," Marcy said with a laugh.  "Not big enough up here," she added, patting her chest.  "He likes those big tittied women.  And the sluttier the better."  The woman Danny had seen Franks with earlier supported Marcy's observation.
She padded barefooted to the refrigerator, weaving slightly as she walked.  Danny wondered if it was Marcy's regular weekend routine to get this smashed.  She got herself a beer and brought another one to Danny, then resumed her seat on the bed.
"Did Chet buy drugs from Franks?" Danny asked.
Marcy looked up at him, her expression and tone suddenly cautious.  "I don't know anything about that," she said.  "Why would you think Franks would sell drugs anyway?  He's got a pretty good business going with the bar."
"I don't know.  He just seems like the type."  Danny saw he had crossed some line, and Marcy's defenses were going up.
"If you're smart, you won't ask too many questions about Franks," she advised.  "Franks is a scary guy.  If he did even a third of the stuff he said he did down in Texas, he's up for just about anything."
"Well I'm not about to mess with him," Danny assured her.  "I was just curious."
"Chet wouldn't do anything like that anyway.  He and I split an ounce or two now and then, but that was just between the two of us.  It was just for fun, you know?  There's too many eyes around this place to go any farther than that."
"Sure.  No harm in that."  He had no idea what that last remark meant, but to let it drop.
"So where in the hell do you think he is anyway?" Marcy asked.  "Do you think he got hurt someplace?  Or killed?"
"It's possible, I suppose."
"I can't believe he'd just pull up stakes without even telling me goodbye or anything," she said.
"It's hard to tell about people sometimes," Danny told her.  "People do things all the time that seem impossible to believe."  He hated all these empty platitudes.  When he could, he'd tell Marcy as much as he could about her friend's fate so she wouldn't just keep wondering forever.  "Did Chet ever talk about any of the other places he travels to?"
"A couple of times when he left he said he had to go down to Natchez," Marcy offered.  "I think he knew people down there."
"Did he say who?"
"Not really.  I used to tease him about having a girlfriend down in Natchez, but he claimed he didn't.  It's funny, you know?  Chet never did talk about himself much, but he had a way of getting people to talk about themselves.  He knew all about me and my screwed-up life.  Hell, I told him things I've never told anybody else.  Stuff I'd be embarrassed to tell my own mama."
Marcy took a drink of beer.  For a minute she was quiet, her gaze far away, thoughtful.  Then she fixed her eyes on Danny.  Her look was contemplative.
"So you've already got a place to stay tonight, Dan?" she asked.
"Yeah, a nice quiet room near the interstate."
"I was just thinking..." she said hesitantly.  Her tone was tentative.  "We're having a good time, aren't we?  You seem like a nice guy, almost like Chet in a way."  Marcy hesitated again, then plunged on with what she was trying to say.  "I was just thinking you could stay here with me tonight.  If you wanted to."
Danny glanced at the bed.  There was only one place to sleep in this room if you didn't count the floor.  "That's a kind offer, Marcy," he said, surprised and uncomfortable.  "But I guess not.  Not this time."
Marcy's smile faded and she turned her head away.  "Whatever," she said abruptly.  She gave a dismissive wave of her hand, as if his decision was of no consequence.  She chugged some beer, then slid off the bed and stood up.  "I'm ready to head back downstairs.  Let's go."
"Why not?" Danny agreed.  Suddenly both of them were anxious to leave that room.
Back downstairs in Jezebels things were much the same, but everything felt different between them.  Marcy said little, didn't look at him, didn't touch him again.  She was embarrassed and offended, of course, which was understandable.  At her first opportunity she located some friends across the room and said she was going over to join them.  He wasn't invited.
Watching her trim little rear end weave away from him through the crowd, Danny wondered if he had made a mistake by refusing her offer.  His head told him it was a bad idea, even if his male instincts said otherwise.
He watched the band and the dancing for a while, keeping the crowd between himself and Frank's table.  Since returning to Jezebel's he had not seen its dangerous owner, and he was content to keep it that way.
By midnight Danny he was ready to leave.  The band was good, but he couldn't relax and enjoy the music, and he certainly couldn't get drunk and let his guard down.  He wasn't sure if Franks was still here, or if he would even recognize Danny if they came face to face again, but after what Marcy had said about Franks, Danny didn't want to take any chances.
Danny had started toward the door when he spotted someone familiar just coming in.  It was Heck Cherry, accompanied by another man.  Cherry was clearly drunk and in good spirits, joking with the husky doorman as he strode into the bar.
Cherry's companion was a tall, meaty mongrel with a shaved head and a greasy ball cap pushed back on his head.  He trailed Cherry like a bodyguard, moving with the hulking stride of a man accustomed to having people step aside.
Danny faded back against a wall to watch.  He wasn't sure Cherry would remember anything about what transpired on the houseboat a couple of weeks before, but he was not eager to be recognized.  Yet curiosity kept him from leaving.
Heck Cherry walked with a drunken swagger.  He greeted acquaintances and admirers as he pushed through the crowd toward the bar, where a space magically cleared in front of him.  The bartender produced mixed drinks for him and his friend, their "usuals" apparently.  No money changed hands.
The song the band was performing came to an end and the lead singer tilted his head toward the microphone.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we're honored tonight by a visit from one of the true legends of country music," he announced.  "I just spotted Mr. Heck Cherry over there by the bar!"  He pointed toward Cherry and his companion, and all heads turned that way.
Cherry raised his glass in a salute, a crooked grin on his rugged features.  People in the room began to applaud.
"Folks, what do you think it would take to get him up here to sing for us?" the lead singer asked.  "How about it, Heck?"
The crowd roared.  At first Heck Cherry didn't move, grinning and shaking his head as if the notion of singing tonight was out of the question.  But of course the cheers and applause persuaded him.  A way parted as he moved toward the stage.  The lead singer slapped his shoulder, then stepped aside so Cherry could stand in front of the microphone.
The room quieted expectantly.  Cherry took a drink from his glass, then said, "I can't imagine why you people would want to hear anything from a ragged old outlaw like me."  Danny thought Cherry had described himself accurately.  He sported a growth of reddish-gray stubble, and his thick red hair sprouted wildly from beneath his black felt cowboy hat.  His shirt was rumpled and dirty, and his jeans looked like they had been dragged behind a truck.
From somewhere in the room, a man called out, "Sing 'Cowboy' Heck!"  Again the crowd exploded, shouting for the song.  Even Danny was pleased by the possibility of hearing Cherry perform his trademark song.
Grabbing the mike stand, Cherry turned to the band and asked, "Any chance you boys know 'It's Hard to Kill a Cowboy?'"
"Hell yeah!" on of them called back loudly.
The lead guitar plunged into the first complex chords of the song, a riff as unmistakable as the first notes of Beethoven's Fifth, and the instant uproar from the audience was deafening.  Heck Cherry waited for his moment.

I've walked this land for all my days
a free man strong and proud.
Cain't no man make me bend or beg.
I keep my head unbowed.

Like everyone else there, Danny knew every note and syllable of the song.
Heck Cherry's voice had a melodic harshness that set it apart from any other singing voice Danny had heard.  His gravelly delivery was ideal for country music, especially the kind of kick-ass cowboy songs that made the blood stir and the foot stomp.  This untamed rebel theme was his specialty, and it had also been the dominant theme of his raucous, dissolute life.
In his concerts years before, Cherry had been an active singer, aggressively striding the stage as he clutched the microphone like a cop's baton.  But tonight, staggering drunk, he stood center stage, holding onto the mike stand with both hands for support.  His voice was far from what it had once been, faltering on the higher notes, and lacking the depth and range it once had.  This was a forgiving crowd, though.  Being here tonight to hear a living legend sing his legendary hit would be something most of them would tell about for years.
As Heck Cherry lapsed into the chorus for the first time, everybody began to sing along.

If you aim to kill a cowboy,
Remember other men have tried.
When they came to kill this cowboy
It was them instead that died.

It's hard to kill a cowboy.
Better come prepared to fight.
'Cause it's hard to kill a cowboy
when he knows he's in the right.

"Hard to Kill a Cowboy" was the breakthrough song for Heck Cherry and his struggling band, Saddle Trash.  For a few years following his explosion onto the country western vista, hit followed hit and album followed album.  The fame and accolades rolled in, and Saddle Trash concerts were always sellouts.
The band's sudden success was also a turning point for Danny's friend Caulder Raines and her struggling entertainment promotions firm.  Danny hadn't known her then, but he had heard her speak about the hardships of those startup years.  She took on the band when they were still working their day jobs and playing places like Jezebel's on weekends for free beer and a share of the door.  When they made it big the band remained intensely loyal to Caulder Raines.  But she also made it clear that she had paid her dues in spades.  Life on the road with the band was difficult for her.  It meant spending weeks at a time away from her new husband Edwin, being the only woman on a crowded tour bus filled with rowdy, randy young men.  And because she had no appetite for the booze, drugs, and random sex that were integral to the band's lifestyle, she often spent as much time playing babysitter, hangover doctor, bail bondsman, and crisis manager as she did on legitimate business affairs.
But the dues she paid purchased her membership into an exclusive club.  No more tour busses for Caulder.  Now it was first class, top shelf, front seat, and luxury all the way.
As Heck Cherry sang to the crowd, Danny studied his features.  Hard living made him look older than a man in his late forties.  Myriad wrinkles creased the tanned, puffy flesh of his face, and his wild red hair had a dirty gray cast.  He was grinning that same laid back, kiss-my-ass grin that graced the covers of a dozen albums, but tonight Danny noticed something different about his eyes.  The grin didn't reach them.  They were fixed, unfeeling, somehow disturbing.  They reminded Danny of a dead man's eyes.
At the start of the second verse Cherry pulled the microphone loose from the stand for what Danny considered the most stirring verse of the song.  He sang about how the cowboy way was the only way he knew, and how he would die defending his right to live as he chose.  But he wouldn't go down easy.  The crowd ate it up.
Stepping toward the edge of the stage as he sang, the heel of Heck Cherry's scuffed boot snagged a cord under his feet.  Stumbling forward, he put his other foot out to catch his balance but found only empty air beyond the lip of the stage.  With a startled howl, the singer toppled forward onto a middle aged woman who had fought her way forward to get close to the star.  Cherry's flailing arms snagged a couple more bystanders as he fell, and all of them went down in a clumsy tangle.  Tables and chairs were involved in the melee, as were assorted beer bottles, glasses, ash trays, menus, and still-burning candles.
Shocked and curious, the crowd pressed in toward the disaster, and those in front fell onto the fallen singer and the unfortunate fans he took down with him.  There were moans and curses and desperate calls for help.  A woman screamed, her cry muffled pathetically beneath the tangle of bodies.
Suddenly the big man who came in with Cherry started bullying through the crowd, shoving people aside with rough abandon.  When he reached the pile of bodies, he bawled out desperately to Cherry as he dug into the writhing human tangle.
"Cut it out, Dee!  Stop it!  You're hurting these folks," a man yelled out from directly behind Cherry's would-be savior.  "Calm down.  We'll get him out of there."  It was Franks.
Dee ignored him, jerking a bellowing woman up and flinging her sideways with his right hand.  She stumbled away, landing in a heap on the edge of the stage.  Franks' right hand rose, then swung down fast, striking the big man's head with a solid "thwack."  Heck Cherry's rescuer crumpled sideways and his head thumped hard on the floor.
Franks reached deftly around and returned his weapon to the small of his back under his shirt.  Danny caught a fleeting glimpse of blue steel grip and barrel.
The scene calmed and the onlookers pulled back expectantly.  Franks and the bouncer began helping people to their feet.  At last Heck Cherry rose shakily, holding his crumpled hat in one hand and, remarkably, the microphone in the other.
"Well I'll be go-to-hell!" he exclaimed into the microphone, his grin returning.  "Maybe it ain't as hard to kill a goddamned cowboy as I thought!"  The crowd bellowed with laughter, and the tension drained from the room.
Nobody seemed to be seriously hurt.  The woman who had stood beside the stage and was Cherry's first victim struggled up with the aid of a band member, affording the crowd a brief glimpse of fleshy thighs and white panties.  A woman her age should rethink the whole concept of denim miniskirts, Danny thought.
The man Franks had called "Dee" was the last to rise.  He rubbed the back of his head, wincing when his fingers found an oozing wound there.  He clamped a dirty handkerchief over the cut, then pulled on his hat to hold it in place.
Franks and Cherry went to the bar with Dee trailing behind.  They were laughing about the incident now as the bartender poured fresh drinks.  In a moment the jukebox came to life, playing another Saddle Trash hit, "I'm Just That Way."
Danny realized that not only did the two men know each other, but they seemed to be buddies.  They talked and joked, tossing back shooters and rehashing the calamity.  Cherry sent drinks over to the table where the woman he had fallen on was sitting.  She was tousled and stunned, but smiled and raised her glass to the country singer.
Danny watched Franks and Cherry for a few minute more.  They seemed fully engaged in their good-ol'-boy boozing and bullshitting, and Danny felt safely anonymous.
Then, without warning, Franks turned with his back to the bar, and his eyes swept the room.  It was probably a habitual gesture for him.  When his eyes fell on Danny they paused for a brief, heart-stopping instant, then moved on.
Had he seen a glimmer of recognition in those dark, malevolent eyes?
A sudden realization struck him.  Not only did he not want Franks to recognize him, but it could be even more disastrous if Heck Cherry spotted him.  They weren't well acquainted, but the singer knew him on sight.  Even worse, Cherry also knew his name, information he was not eager for Franks to have.
Trying not to call attention to himself, Danny set his beer aside and started for the door.  His felt relief as he stepped out into the cool, smoke-free, hoodlum-free, night air.  He rounded the corner, and started down the side street where his car was parked.  This wasn't the kind of gamble he would feel comfortable taking again, not unless he had a solid reason and a better disguise.
He had seen Marcy Doe leave earlier with a couple of women about her age.  They'd be off in some other Midtown bar by now getting more thoroughly trashed, or upstairs in her room rolling another doobie from her mattress stash.  She'd be disappointed that she missed the excitement.
As he passed the back corner of the building a hand reached out from the shadows and grabbed his shirt.  Danny was slung around sharply and his back slammed against the fender of a truck, Franks' truck, he realized.  Before he could consider a defense, a hand came up in front of his face.  Light from a streetlamp glinted off a long, slender knife blade.
"Damn I bet that hurt," the dim figure before him cackled.
Danny was too startled to respond.  As his eyes adjusted to the dim light, he realized that his attacker was one of the men sitting at Franks' table earlier, the weird skinny guy that Franks had knocked out of his chair.
"A friend of mine told me to kiss you goodnight when you started home," the man grinned.  "So how do you like it, faggot?  Slobbery, with lotsa tongue, I bet."  Leering crazily, he waggled an unnaturally long tongue toward Danny.  Even it was skinny.
"St-st-stop it!  Let me go!" Danny finally managed to stammer out.  The slim blade before his face made it hard to think.  Its immediate, inescapable menace was hypnotic.
"I thought you never was goin' to leave," the man said.  "I've been waitin' nearly an hour to talk to you, faggot.  Hell, I'm drunk and sleepy.  I wanna go home.  But I told my friend I'd parlay with you first, so let's get it done."
So much for his clever deceptions, Danny thought.  Franks had known he was there.  "Get what done?" he asked.
"You know, I always wanted to slice a guy's nose," the man said, ignoring Danny's question.  "You know, like they did to whathisname in that movie?  What was it?"
Chinatown, Danny thought, but didn't say.  Why encourage this freak?
"The deal is, faggot," the man went on, "that you're not welcome here."  He snagged the tip of his blade into Danny's shirt and slit a little hole.  "My friend told you once..."  Another hole.  "...and now he's got me telling you again."  And another.  "Are you stupid or something, faggot?  Hell, it ain't safe on these streets at night.  There's guys with guns, guys with tasers, guys with tire irons.  And there's crazy motherfuckers like me that don't give a shit about nothing."
This time when the knife darted out it flicked Danny's jaw as lightly as the brush of a feather.  Danny raised his fingers and felt blood.
"You got off easy tonight, faggot.  Next time somebody might cut off something your need and hand it to you."  He cackled gleefully at his own sordid threat, breathing out his sour beer breath past wretched brown teeth.  Slowly he backed away, then turned and entered the back door of bar.  A blast of music, yet another Saddle Trash song called "Better Get Used to It" rolled out, and then was muffled by the closing door.
Danny stood alone in the shadows, pathetically grateful that he hadn't soiled himself.  Damp warm blood dripped down on his shirt.  He pressed his fingers over the small, deep gash on his chin.  A wave of dizziness and nausea came and went, inspired either by the threat, or by the sight of his own blood splattered across his shirt.  It seemed like a lot of blood for such a small cut.  He pushed off the truck and turned away, yearning suddenly for the safety and solitude of his car.
EIGHT
Cold Trail
Danny sat at a table on the small flagstone patio behind his house, sipping his morning coffee and watching the dogs frolic on the grass.  Under dispute was the custody of a knotted twelve-inch length of thick yellow rope.  The dogs were like a couple of kids wrestling and tussling, growling and grabbing, as if possession of the rope ranked foremost in their lives.
The maid arrived early, and was in the kitchen now fixing breakfast.  He had asked for the works—steak, two eggs, biscuits, gravy, grits and cantaloupe.  He felt remarkably energized this morning for a man who almost got his throat slit last night.
A Band-Aid covered the small cut Franks' stooge had given him.  His bloody shirt and jeans were in a plastic bag in the trash container by the street.  He didn't want to explain them to Carmella when she started the laundry.
Driving home last night, as the fear and adrenalin slowly diminished, Danny wallowed briefly in the embarrassing self deprecations a man puts himself through when he emerges the clear loser in a mano y mano confrontation.  If he could have knocked the knife away...  If he'd just had an opening...  If he'd known a few seconds earlier that the little worm was there in the shadows...
None of it was any use, of course.  What happened happened.  He had been accosted, threatened, insulted, cut, scared shitless, and sent on his way like any other powerless victim.
But unlike so many others, including his dead friend Edwin, Danny had walked away alive, unscathed and unscarred, or pretty much so.  And he knew that if any ill-considered manly impulses had taken over, that blade could have done a lot more damage.  He felt certain the little rat bastard behind Jezebel's was every bit the reckless maniac he claimed to be.
Wounded pride healed a lot faster than a severed jugular.
It didn't occur to him until this morning that he should have reported the incident to the police.  But as soon as he thought about it, he realized what a bad idea that was.  Danny would have had no one to support his version of the incident.  Franks could have told the police any lie he wanted and produced plenty of witnesses to swear every word was the truth.  Danny had become violent and abusive.  He'd insulted a waitress and refused to pay his tab.  He'd dropped his pants and danced the Yahoo Two-Step on the bar.  They had to throw him out, and sometime during the scuffle his chin got nicked.  What scrawny little guy?  What knife?
Bringing the police in would have accomplished nothing, and had the possibility of causing him enormous embarrassment, not to mention the fact that sometime during the process Franks would almost certainly learn his true identity.
But the ugly scene behind Jezebel's had solidified Danny's resolve to continue his investigation.  He had skin—or more accurately, blood—in the game now.  He was more convinced than ever that Franks had something to hide, and his curiosity about Edwin Raines' involvement was even more compelling.
Through the friendship Edwin seemed to have cultivated with Franks, could he have learned something that made him a threat?  Could Franks have somehow discovered who "Chet Murphy" really was and decided that he was too dangerous to leave alive?
On the surface it seemed preposterous that anybody could have considered mousy little Edwin so dangerous that he must be killed.  But the vision of the knife blade waving in his face opened a new realm of possibilities to Danny.  These were dangerous, unpredictable men of a breed that he and Edwin had little experience dealing with.
When he came outside this morning, he brought a manila envelope that contained everything he had gathered so far pertaining to Edwin's alter ego.  Now he dumped it all out on the wrought-iron table and began going through the pile item by item, making occasional notes on a legal pad.
He made no startling new discoveries.  It was the same inconclusive paper trail he had been following up to now.  The only leads that held the promised of new information were the Holly Springs, Mississippi newspaper that had been mailed to Edwin's Midtown Memphis address, and a couple of items that pointed to a single address in Natchez, Mississippi.
He started with the Holly Springs South Reporter.  It was a typical 16-page rural weekly with a front-page above-the-fold picture of a mangled tractor-trailer rig that was hit by a train.  The headline read "Local Trucker Killed by Train."  Other front page stories included articles about a local girl competing for the Miss Mississippi title, storm damage to an antebellum mansion, a local tomato festival, and an analysis piece about inequities in the proposed county budget.
Danny scanned each story and advertisement, looking for any ties to Edwin Raines or Chet Murphy.  Nothing.
He opened a telephone bill forwarded by the Natchez Post Office to "Chet Murphy" at the Madison address in Memphis.  Three long-distance calls were listed on the bill.  Two were to Edwin's own home.  If Edwin made them, he was probably checking his messages, Danny supposed.  Otherwise, someone had called Edwin from Natchez.  The third was to a telephone number in, of all places, Holly Springs.  Danny noted the number for later investigation.
Carmella came out carrying a tray with his breakfast.  She was plump, dark-skinned, in her late forties.  Sometimes Carmella stayed to chat while he ate, although such conversations were difficult because of her sketchy English.  Today, seeing that he was busy, she left the tray and returned to her work.
Danny went over his notes again as he ate, but no new revelations leaped out at him.  For now, it seemed, all roads led to Natchez.
He heard the phone ring in the kitchen.  Carmella answered it, then came out to the patio.  "It eez your wife," she said in her heavy accent.  "I tell her you go outside.  I say maybe you gone.  I check for her."
Shelby had left two messages while he was out last night, one chipper and chatty, the other hesitant and maudlin.  The change in the tone was likely related to how many drinks she'd had between first and last call, or perhaps to whatever had transpired with her current male companion, whoever he was.  He hadn't bothered to call back.  Embarrassed and bloodied, he hadn't felt like dealing with her chameleon moods and selfish needs.
"Tell her I'm not here," Danny said.  "Tell her I've gone out of town.  To Natchez," he added impulsively.
And that easily, the trip was planned.
* * *
Danny swung by his office on his way out of town for a short meeting with Will Bishop.  Fortunately, Lottie Batayanga was at the printers checking proofs, so he did not have to contend with her curiosity.
Will was dressed ultra casual today in jeans, faded blue shirt, and scuffed boots that looked more suitable for hauling hay than for a day at the office.  It was one of the perks of a small operation like this, and the get-up made him look ideal for the assignment Danny had in mind.
Danny gave him a quick run-down on his previous evening at Jezebel's, downplaying his assault in the shadows behind the bar.
"I underestimated Franks by thinking I could slip in and hang around without being recognized.  He's not as wasted and stupid as he looks.  But I need to know more about what's going on there, and I thought you might be my eyes and ears."
"So you want to pay me to hang around a bar drinking beer and listening to country music?" Will grinned.  "That's some real hardship duty."
" I feel uncomfortable asking you to do this," Danny admitted.  "These boys play rough, as I found out last night."
"It couldn't be any rougher than some of those cowboy bars my daddy use to take me into, boss.  I've been dodging long-neck bottles since I was fourteen years old."
"I'm sure you can handle yourself, Will.  But the idea is to avoid a situation where you need to handle yourself.  What I've got in mind is more low-key.  I'd like for you to slowly start establishing yourself as a regular at Jezebel's.  Make a few acquaintances, but don't push it, and don't go by so often that you call attention to yourself.
"There's a girl there named Marcy Doe that you might want to get acquainted with, but again, don't push it, and don't let her get anything started that you'll have trouble stopping later."
Will gave Danny an appraising look.  "That's an interesting warning," he said
"You'll see what I mean when you meet her.  She's a sweet kid, but needy as hell.  You know the kind.  But I feel like she knows more than she's told me so far."
"I get it.  Keep things professional."
"Exactly.  And have a cover story for yourself in case anybody asks.  Something simple so you won't get tangled in the details."
"I can still pass for Joe College.  That's not a problem.  Does this have something to do with that guy I was checking out?  E.C. Murphy?"
"Yeah, it's connected," Danny said.
"Am I likely to run into him there, too?"
"Not likely," Danny said.  Then he added,  "Just be careful, Will.  Very careful.  If you get any hint that somebody suspects you of something, get the hell out of there and don't go back.  We're not the Washington Post, and you're not Woodward."
"I understand," Will told him quietly.  "I'm just a quiet country boy who likes his music, and I don't want trouble from anybody.  It sounds like fun."
"Right.  Fun," Danny agreed.
* * *
He could have driven interstate highways for most of the 300-mile trip to Natchez, but chose an older route that followed the path of the Mississippi River toward the Gulf of Mexico.  For the first forty miles, until he reached the unlikely gambler's Mecca that rose from the cotton and soybean fields near Tunica, Mississippi, US 61 was a modern four-lane highway.  Beyond that, the highway narrowed to two lanes, traversing broad expanses of the Mississippi Delta.  Towns blurred past like sets from a fifties movie—Lula, Coahoma, Clarksdale, Mound Bayou, Cleveland, Nitta Yuma, Anguilla...
Although he never lived here, he still felt a kinship with Mississippi.  His grandmother's family had roots in the hardscrabble hills of the northern part of the state that went back over a hundred years.  As a boy he sometimes came down from Memphis with his grandparents to visit the remote wooded spot east of Oxford that she always called "the old home place."
The house where she was born was still standing then, although it had deteriorated to the point that no creature larger than a raccoon would consider living there.  Twenty-five yards behind the house a decaying pile of wooden planks and split shake roofing marked the spot where the smoke house had stood.  Another larger pile of rubble, farther back, had been the barn.  Scattered about were other clues that this had once been a farm and a home—strands of twisted barbed wire running straight through the center of twelve-inch tree trunks, a fallen outhouse, a rusted, bottomless wash tub, a tireless bicycle frame.
He could remember walking through the empty, weather-worn rooms with his grandparents, watching each step lest his foot break through the dry-rotted floorboards, wondering at the fact that a family of nine once managed to thrive in these five bare rooms and survive on the products they raised on the adjoining sixty acres.  His grandmother's narratives filled the rooms again with love and laughter, music and prayer, bedroom birthings and Saturday night baths, tragedies and trivialities.
The part of the state he drove through now was far different than those wooded hills to the north.  Over eons, the rich silt deposited during the annual floods of the great river to the west had transformed the Mississippi Delta into a breadbasket region as rich and productive as any on earth.  A century and a half before, slaves had planted, tended, and harvested the white gold crops of cotton from this land.  Now the work was done with tractors as big as houses and combines as tall as barns.
Both his grandparents were gone now, though in oddly different ways.  Fifteen years ago his grandmother had rapidly succumbed to the unlikely ravages of lung cancer, though she never smoked.  His grandfather was gone in another sense, rambling far afield in the cities, villages, and scenic countryside of western Europe.  He checked in every month or so to let his son and grandson know he was still alive, but otherwise dedicated himself to the admirable pursuit of spending as much of his money as he could while his eighty-four-year-old mind and body still allowed him that freedom.
Late in the afternoon Danny stopped outside Vicksburg for lunch in a roadside diner, and thumbed through a local tourist brochure as he ate.  He and Shelby had talked about a long weekend getaway to Vicksburg, she to shop for antiques and visit the antebellum homes in the area, he to tour the Civil War battlefield that commemorated the beginning of the end for the "Glorious Rebellion" in Mississippi.
Like so many plans they made, this one never materialized.
He was back in the car in half an hour, rolling south again for the last leg of the trip.  He drove with the top down on the Mercedes, enjoying the sting of the wind against his face, the fresh smell of country air, and the cloudless sky above.
Despite the passage of years, Danny still felt a pang of loss when he thought of his grandmother.  In his youth, only she was available to provide the nurturing a child needs from a woman.  His own mother was never more than a faded black and white photo on his father's desk.  His family spoke so little of her that he didn't even have any second-hand recollections to hold onto.  Regarding the woman who bore him, he knew only that deep pain shrouded her memory.
Just north of Natchez, Danny began to see the signs that led to the Natchez-Adams County Airport.  Following a four-lane bypass that swept around the western edge of the city, he eventually arrived at the small feeder airport that serviced Natchez and the surrounding counties and towns.  As he hoped, some of the major car rental companies had small facilities at the airport.  He randomly chose one.
Fifteen minutes later he left the airport driving a nondescript blue Taurus.  His hastily packed suitcase was on the back seat, and the directions  from the car rental agent to Briel Avenue lay on the passenger seat.  His own car was parked and locked in the long-term lot at the airport.  This was yet another low-profile operation, and he figured the white BMW convertible was just too conspicuous.
Briel Avenue was south of the center of town.  It ran east and west, terminating at the Mississippi River.  The neighborhood was literally "across the tracks" in an area of warehouses, aging third-rate housing, and the sort of no-frills stores, restaurants and bars that serve the needs of the working class.
It took him a while to located the address he was seeking, 223 Briel, and when he did, it was only because he saw the numbers stenciled in grimy white letters on a crumbling curb.  Beyond was a vacant lot littered with weeds and trash.  On either side stood two abandoned brick buildings, windows broken and doors hanging askew.
Danny stopped along the curb and stared out over the vacant expanse of ground where he had hoped to learn more about the intriguing shadow-life of his friend, Edwin Raines.
"Hey you!  Gimme some money!" a gruff male voice demanded from somewhere near the rear of the car.  Danny turned and saw a filthy man in his fifties shuffling toward him.
"Okay, you got a deal," Danny said.  "But first you have to tell me something.  What used to be here on this lot?"
"Boarding house," the man said.  "Used to have a room there myself back when I was workin'.  It weren’t bad.  Plenty of hot water most times, and locks on the doors."  He held out his hand to Danny for his reward, but Danny wasn't through with him yet.
"How long has it been gone?"
"Not long.  Jus' since last spring, I think.  A wall fell in during a storm.  Killed a couple of fellas.  The city made 'em tear it down.  So gimme my money."
Danny handed over a five, then drove away before the man could demand more.
He cruised the neighborhood, considering what to do next.  Until now, he had focused on finding the place where Edwin had stayed and talking to whomever he might find there.  But there was no building, no occupants, and no clues.
Yet something about Natchez had clearly interested Edwin.  In fact, he must have been very interested if he had maintained yet another identity and residence here.  But was there any way now, following a faded trail months later, to find out what the focus of that interest had been?
It was almost dark, and Danny decided to look for a place to spend the night.  He turned onto a street called Doxy, which led toward the southern side of town.  He felt like finding something cheap and anonymous, anticipating the variety.  During his travels with Shelby he had routinely spent enough money at luxury hotels to feed a South American village for a month.  That was fine when he was with her, because he was with her.
But when you were in a bed alone, he thought, one was about the same as another.
Ahead on the right he saw a long, low building that appeared to be a local night spot.  Neon lights outlined the front façade, and the building was flanked on one side by an enormous gravel parking lot.  Despite the early hour, the lot was half full of pickups of every description, SUVs, and a smattering of ordinary sedans.  The big neon sigh mounted on a pole out front read "Rowdy's."
Danny was enough of a country music fan to know about Rowdy's.  It was said to be where some of the biggest stars in the South had honed their early talents, a Mecca for true country music devotees.  And Rowdy's was also legendary for it's brawls.  In the no-doubt-exaggerated accounts he'd heard, when the fists and bottles started flying, it took everything short of a National Guard call-up to put things right again.
On an impulse, Danny pulled in and parked.  He followed a fortyish, booted and denimed couple to the front door, paid his six-dollar cover, and went in.  The guy manning the door was not the physical equivalent of the brutish giant that Franks used at Jezebel's in Memphis, but he had the hard look of a veteran bouncer.
Danny walked along an entry hall lined with framed photos of the famous and not-so-famous.  He slowed to examine a few autographed photos that looked familiar.  Stars like Tammy Wynette, Waylon Jennings, Charlie Daniels, and Reba McIntyre posed with grinning locals in various settings within the building.
At the end of the hall the music washed over him.  To his left was a long bar, and ahead was a large room with scores of tables and chairs.  Beyond that was the dance floor, then the stage.  A group of four men and two women performed.  The name on the base drum proclaimed them to be The Larry Waters Band.  Danny had never heard of them, nor had he ever heard the sad, slow song that they played with disappointing mediocrity.
Danny found an open stool midway down the bar and ordered a draft from a bored looking bartender.  Twenty or thirty people sat scattered about, but the room was so dim and still that it seemed almost empty.  A single couple drifted lethargically about the dance floor, their bodies pressed together.
"It won't start filling up 'til past nine," a voice announced at his elbow.
Danny looked around to take stock of the woman who had approached him.  She was middle-aged, with curly black hair that looked like a wig.  Even in the dim light, her heavy makeup did not conceal the lines of age on her face and neck.  Her smile was sad, somehow resigned, and her eyelids drooped as if she hadn't had enough sleep.
"I was driving by and saw the name," Danny told her.  "I figured I might as well stop in and check the place out."
"Didn't think I recognized you.  I know all the regulars."
"Is this band any good?"
The woman waggled her hand in a so-so gesture.  "They're one of the regular week-night groups.  That little blonde has a decent voice when she gets going.  The lead guitar thinks he can sing too, but he's fooling himself."  She paused, as if to gather her courage, then asked, "So.  You by yourself?"
"Yep."
"My name's Linda.  Want some company?"
"Why not?"
The woman slid onto the stool beside him, letting her denim skirt ride up on her thighs.  She might have once been lithe and sexy, but she had the wide-hipped, thick-waisted shape of a middle-aged woman now.  She looked at him expectantly.
"What are you having?" he asked.
The woman signaled the bartender and he came over with her regular, something-and-Coke with ice, three cherries, and a swizzle stick.  Danny offered a twenty and the bartender laid his change on the bar.
Linda wasn't so much on the prowl as she was just bored and lonely.  During ten minutes of conversation the high points of her life spilled out.  She had been divorced for a dozen years and worked in a local shirt factory.  Her one son was married, childless, and currently serving eleven-twenty-nine in jail for DUI.  Rowdy's was pretty much the nucleus of her universe.
As she rambled on, quickly tossing back the first drink and starting another, Danny had an idea.  "Say Linda," he said, interrupting her in mid-sentence.  She didn't seem to mind.  "A friend in Memphis said he used to come here when he lived in Natchez.  Maybe you know him.  Chet Wilder?"
"Sounds familiar," Linda told him.  "What's he look like?"
"Skinny, squirrelly little guy, late thirties.  Likes to dress up like a cowboy when he goes out."
Linda thought a minute.  "I'm not sure," she said.  "The men come and go.  You see them for a while, and then they don't come around no more.  Sometimes you never know what happened to them."
"Well, it's been several months, maybe even a year, since he lived here.  I'm sure you've met lots of people since then."
"A little guy named Chet..."  She was still trying, wanting to please, wanting to share some bond with him.
"Yeah, he was bald, but he used to wear these wigs when he went out to party.  They looked kind of silly."
A smile of recognition spread suddenly over the woman's face.  "Yeah, Chet!" she exclaimed.  "I remember him now.  I hadn't seen him for a coon's age!  How the hell is he doing?"
Other than being shot dead, he probably has no complaints, Danny thought.  But instead he said, "He's laying low these days.  Some trouble with an ex-wife, I think.  I haven't seen him in a couple of months myself."
"When you get back to Memphis," Linda said, smiling mischievously as she slid down from her stool, "you've got to tell him you saw this."  She led Danny toward the entry hall lined with photos.  She searched the framed pictures, finally locating the one she wanted.
"There he is, the little peckerwood."
The picture was taken with the bar as a backdrop, and Edwin was flanked on each side by a woman.  Predictably, he wore his western duds, and a sprig of dark hair peeked from under the front of his black cowboy hat.  He was grinning, raising a half-finished glass of beer as a toast to the camera.
"Who are the two women?" Danny asked Linda.
"That's the Hutsinger girls.  Nelda on the left, and Charmaine on the right."
The two women were in their mid-fifties, both two or three inches taller than Edwin.  They stood close to him like good friends, their hands on his shoulders, smiling for the camera.  It looked like a good time was being had all around.
"Nelda and Charmaine Hutsinger," Danny repeated.  "Are they regulars here at Rowdie's?"
"Yeah, those two cut a pretty wide swath through this place," Linda admitted with something approaching envy.  "They love to dance and drink, and any man that walks through those doors is fair game to them, if you know what I mean."
"I guess I do," Danny grinned.  "You figure Edwin was man enough for both of them?"
"Might have been, for all I know," Linda said.  "But he seemed more like—I hate to say it—but he was more like their pet.  He'd hang around and buy them drinks, but at closing time if they left with anybody, it was some other fella."
Good for you, old friend, Danny thought.  Whatever you were up to, you never forgot where to draw the line.
"Any chance they might be in tonight?" Danny asked.  "I'd love to tell Chet I ran into them."
"Not on week nights.  They both work an early shift at Natchez Regional so they don't party much during the week.  But they sure as hell make up for it on the weekends."  They had made their way back to their seats at the bar.  Linda quickly polished off the rest of her drink, and the bartender brought her another as a matter of course.  He took his payment from the money Danny left on the bar.
"I grew up with those girls," Linda admitted, "and they've always been hell on wheels.  Neither was ever very pretty, even when they were young, but they knew what the fellas liked, and they were always willing.  Believe me, they're quite a pair."
Danny finished his beer and shook his head when the bartender offered him another.
"Linda, it's been a pleasure," he said, "but it's been a hard day, and I've got a long drive ahead of me tomorrow."
His companion was clearly disappointed.  Danny had no idea what expectations she might have started to construct, but he was ready to make his escape now, and saw no reason to postpone it.  He added another twenty to the five and change on the bar, then turned and left.
NINE
Pink Ladies
Danny felt some trepidation as he watched the buxom redhead approaching down the hospital corridor.  She had a look in her eye and a smile on her face that said, I'm on the hunt, mister, and you're in season.
Her pale pink hospital uniform was a little too tight, perhaps by design, and the odor of her perfume arrived ahead of her.  Danny could imagine what a seriously ill patient must think when they saw this woman breeze in the door.
"Are you Dan?" she asked, extending her hand.  "I'm Charmaine Hutsinger.  I'm just so glad to meet you, Mr. Wilson."  Her smooth, sweet Southern accent was a little over-done, and bore traces of plain old country twang.
"It's my pleasure," Danny assured her.  She prolonged their handshake longer than necessary.  Her hand was soft, warm, and lotioned.
"Nelda and I were so happy you called," she said.  "We haven't heard from Chet in ages, and we've wondered what in the world became of him.  Come on with me.  We're on our breaks, and my sister is going to meet us in the cafeteria."
Danny accompanied her through a maze of tiled corridors, and she talked every step of the way.  It was the sort of continuous chatter that seldom needed a response, and scarcely required the attention of the listener.
Before stopping at Rowdie's last night, Danny intended to make an early start for Memphis this morning, but after talking to Linda he decided to look up Edwin's friends instead.  He called the hospital early this morning, and after several transfers, reached Charmaine Hutsinger, explained who he was, and set up this meeting.
"We used to have so much fun with Chet, and we miss him a lot.  I could skin his little head for taking off like he did without so much as a 'thank you ma'am' to me and my sister.  Course in Chet's case," she said, lowering her voice and grinning, "his head wouldn't need much skinning."
When they reached the hospital cafeteria, Danny discovered that Nelda Hutsinger was a younger, slightly plumper, version of her sister.  They bought coffee and sweet rolls, then found seats by a row of windows overlooking an outdoor courtyard.  Two people stood in the shade outside, pulling hungrily on their cigarettes.
"So what's Chet up to these days," Nelda asked.  "We heard he gave up his place here, but we never heard anything else of what became of him."
"He's like that.  I haven't seen him in a while myself," Danny explained.  "He still travels a lot.  But he has told me about his stay here in Natchez and the friends he made down here.  He told me what a good time he used to have at Rowdie's, and that's why I stopped by there.  It was just blind luck that I ran into somebody who knew him and gave me your names."
"We were good friends when he was here," Nelda offered.  "Course we couldn't get too friendly with him, 'cause of what happened in that Viet Nam war.  Guess you knew about that.  What happened to him down there and all."  Her voice lowered soberly, and she nodded her head toward her lap.
Danny lowered his head, struggling not to smile.  Edwin the eunuch.  "It's a hell of a thing to happen to a man," he managed to say.  "It's what ruined his marriage.  A hell of a price to pay for serving our country."
"Sure, but Chet didn't let it ruin his life just 'cause he couldn't get him any," Charmaine put in sympathetically.  "He still had his fun with the ladies, but just not that way.  He loved to drink and get out on the dance floor.  You wouldn't think it to look at him, but that little guy sure could dance.  The only difference between him and the other fellows was, at closing time he didn't start scouting around for possibilities."
"When you see Chet, you tell him to get his butt down here one of these days and visit us," Nelda told Danny.  "Folks around the hospital miss him, too.  Now and again somebody still asks me what became of him.  He had friends all over the place."
"At the hospital?" Danny asked.  That was new information.  Until now he thought Edwin's only connection to the Hutsinger sisters was at Rowdie's.
"Sure, sometimes he volunteered here at Regional," Charmaine explained.  "People loved having him around because he'd do any job that needed doing.  He started helping out in the wards, but he ended up in the office working with the files and computers.  Some of those gals in records don't know a mouse from a bed pan, so they were glad to see Edwin come in and help them get caught up.  He was really smart."
"He never mentioned his volunteer work to me," Danny said, "but he is a modest sort of guy.  He wouldn't brag about something like that."
When their break was over, Charmaine Hutsinger wrote their names and telephone numbers on a napkin.  Danny imagined that the walls could probably be papered with the napkins that she and Nelda had committed that information to over the years.
"Thanks for stopping by," Nelda said.  "Like my sister said, you tell that rascal Chet that he better come and see us."  She gave Danny a hug and a big wet kiss as if they were old friends.  Her sister did the same.
"And you can come on back with him," Charmaine suggested, smiling to emphasize the invitation.  "You hadn't been hurt in any old war, have you darlin'?"
"Not so you'd notice," Danny told her.
TEN
The Antique Business
Martin Raines' modest antique shop was located on a quiet side street just off Overton Square in Midtown.  It was an easy five-minute walk for Danny from his house.
A buzzer somewhere in the back of the shop announced his arrival.  At ten in the morning, the place appeared empty, and Danny strolled around looking at the inventory while he waited for someone to appear.
The store was tastefully decorated and had some nice pieces scattered about the long narrow showroom, but it was a poor replacement for the elegant, two-story Victorian house on Union Avenue that once housed Raines Antiquities.  For three generations, the Raines name had been associated with fine antiques in Memphis.  But after a fire destroyed the house and all its contents, the Raines brothers made no attempt to rebuild the family business at the same location.  A Walgreen's stood there now.
Edwin once confided to Danny that, although he regretted the end of such a tradition, he did not regret the end of his partnership with his brother.  Working out of his home Edwin had launched out on his own, built a small, lucrative business with a specialized clientele, and never looked back.
By contrast, Martin Raines returned to what he knew best—storefront retail.  Here in this crowded space his stock of antique furniture and accessories targeted the high-end market, but Danny was not so sure about his ability to still hit the mark.  In a poignant effort to keep the family tradition alive, he had named his new business Martin Raines Antiquities.
"Mr. Skerett," a male voice called from the back of the store.  There was no warmth in the greeting.  Only acknowledgement.
Danny waited for Martin Raines to approach.  He offered his hand, and Raines shook it.  "Thanks for meeting me today," he said.
"Certainly," Raines said, "but I admit I'm unsure about why you're here."  He wore an old-fashioned, charcoal gray suit, starched white shirt and dark, conservative tie.  He seemed uncertain about how to react to Danny.  As an occasional customer, Danny should be a welcome visitor, but as friend and confidant of his brother's despised wife, a cooler reception was more appropriate.
"As I told you on the phone, I'm helping your brother's wife sort out his business affairs, and I hope to get some information from you."  Danny kept his tone light and familiar, and didn't mention Caulder's name directly.  Apparently Martin and his mother referred to Caulder in many colorful ways, but seldom by her given name.
"I doubt if I can help," Raines told him.  "My brother and I dissolved our partnership after our business burned.  I know very little of his affairs after that."
"Well if you can't help, then there's no harm done," Danny told him cheerfully.  "Where can we talk for a few minutes?"  Raines led him to a small office near the back of the building.  Its antique mahogany furnishings, straight-backed wooden chairs and battered cabinets struck Danny as something out of a Dickens story.  Martin Raines sat down in a creaky wooden desk chair and offered Danny a seat across from him.
"After dad's stroke, my brother and I ran the family business for eighteen years," Martin Raines said.  "Our grandfather first opened Raines Antiquities in 1921.  I regret seeing a fine old family tradition end as it has.  But alas, with both of us childless..."
"It's a shame," Danny agreed quietly.
"Edwin and I had a compatible working arrangement.  I did most of the acquisitions, and he supervised sales.  I also handled the bookkeeping when I was in town."
"So you traveled a lot?"
"Yes, frequently.  On buying trips," Martin explained.  "Usually along east coast, but occasionally as far south as New Orleans, or as far north as Chicago and Minneapolis."
"Edwin didn't travel?" Danny asked.
"He was needed here in Memphis," Martin explained.  He seemed defensive.  "We employed two sales people, both elderly, legacy employees from my father's days.  It was important than one of us be here at all times."
"But he began to travel a lot more after you ended your partnership," Danny prompted.
"I should say he did," Martin replied, "although I considered much of what he did frivolous and unprofitable.  I told him he couldn't make any money with his little stamps and coins, and his endless scavenger hunts for rare period pieces."
In fact, Danny thought, Edwin had fared far better than his brother could have imagined by satisfying the eccentric, eclectic needs of his wealthy clients.  Scavenger hunts they might be, but they paid well.
"Where did Edwin go when he traveled?" Danny asked.
"Here in the States, and sometimes abroad.  To France, England, Germany...places like that.  He had dealers constantly looking for some rarity or another.  He distributed what he called his Wish List showing the diverse treasures that his customers would pay top dollar for."
"Did he travel much in this part of the country, in Tennessee, Mississippi, Arkansas, and so on?"
"That's hardly worth the effort unless you're in the business of decorating restaurant walls," Martin Raines assured him disdainfully.  "The market for Burma Shave signs, cow bells, and wagon wheels is limited."
"Did the two of you ever get together and talk shop?" Danny asked.  "You must have compared notes from time to time."
"Sadly, there were hard feelings between us," Martin Raines revealed tentatively.  "We had unresolved financial issues.  And I also felt some of his business tactics were exploitive.  It was presumptuous of him to become my business competitor, and he lured some of our best customers away."  Raines paused to add dramatic emphasis to his next statement.  "And then, of course, there was the matter of that woman he married.  Your friend."  His gaze held a clear challenge, but Danny didn't bite.
"Yes, I knew about that," Danny said mildly.
"She used her sex to lure Edwin into marriage," Raines assured him, "and I'm sure she continued to use it whenever she needed more of Edwin's money to keep that silly business of hers afloat.  There is an unpleasant term for that, which I'll spare you."  He came across sounding jealous, maybe even lecherous.  Edwin, the family loser, was the one who ended up with a hot wife.  That must have galled Martin.
"So it wouldn't be likely that Edwin would take any business trips to Mississippi?" Danny asked.
"I can't imagine why he would."
"Even to places close around Memphis?  Like Jackson, Natchez, or Little Rock, for instance?"
"No.  But why you are asking these strange questions?"
"It's credit card issues," Danny said vaguely.  "There's some confusion about expenses that she's trying to sort out."
" I can't help with that," Martin Raines said, his tone becoming brusque and dismissive.  "Our mutual business records were destroyed in the fire, and as I explained, I've had no involvement in anything he's done since."
A buzzer outside the office sounded, giving Raines an excuse to end the discussion.  He rose and said, "Now, if you would please excuse me, Mr. Skerett."
Danny didn't have to offer to show himself out.  Martin Raines left ahead of him and strode toward the front of the store, where a customer waited.
* * *
It was a hot afternoon, the kind of humid Southern day that plastered your clothes to your body like a clammy second skin.  After strolling the grounds of Shelby Farms for half an hour in the relentless heat, Danny felt rumpled and gritty, as if he hadn't bathed in days.  Only in the South would anyone consider scheduling an outdoor fundraiser in the middle of August.
Hearing that Saddle Trash was setting up to play, he moved through the scorched, irritable crowd on his way to the backstage area to see if Caulder Raines had shown up with the band.  Throughout the afternoon, music from a variety of local groups, ranging from hard rock to hip-hop, had blasted out over the loudspeakers from the main stage down by Patriot Lake.  But none of it interested him much.  He had come only because the magazine was a regular supporter of the Annual Heart Association event, and he felt obligated to show up.
He skirted around the gathering crowd and fast-talked his way past a couple of security guards.  He ducked in behind a curtain into the backstage area, and immediately spotted Caulder giving setup instructions to a couple of stagehands.
Seeing him, Caulder waved and motioned him over.  The members of Saddle Trash were gathered near the rear of panel truck sipping beer from plastic cups and chatting while awaiting their call to go on stage.  They were dressed in their usual regalia—tooled boots and cowboy hats, well-worn jeans, plaid shirts, and wide leather belts with enormous buckles.  Despite the heat, a couple sported leather vests to add a cowboy flavor.
Caulder greeted him with a hug and light peck on the cheek.  She looked improbably cool and fresh in white shorts and shirt, as if she had just stepped out of some air conditioned sanctuary.
"What a nice surprise," Caulder said.  "What brings you out into this furnace?"
"The Beat's got a booth over past the parking lot," he explained.  "We're giving out imprinted baseball caps and Frisbees this year.  And we added bottled water at the last minute."
"You know the guys, don't you?" Caulder said.
"Sure," Danny said, waving toward where the band members were clustered.  A couple of them nodded back at him over the brims of their plastic cups.
"They're about to go on.  I'm just hoping none of them pass out from the heat before their set is finished."
"Just keep these coming while we're out there," one of the guys said, raising his cup.  "Will sing for beer," he laughed.
Someone showed up to tell them they were on, and they ambled off toward the metal stairs that led up to the back of the stage.
Scanning the band members as they passed, Danny noted that Heck Cherry was not among them.  "Where's Heck today?" he asked.  "Too drunk to find the park?"
"They didn't book him for this gig," Caulder said.  "Eddie West is singing lead today.  He's young, and he's got the energy Heck used to have.  These days, Eddie sounds more like the old Heck than Heck does."
"What's Heck think about that?"
Caulder gave Danny a shrug.  "He lost his voting privileges a long time ago.  When things started falling apart for Heck and it looked like the band wouldn't survive, the other guys bought him out and brought in Eddie.  Heck still gets royalties when there are any, but he signed away his rights to the name 'Saddle Trash', and he only performs with the band when they ask him to, usually at the bigger venues when any come along.  And even then Eddie is usually somewhere close by.  Just in case."
"In case Heck's too wasted to go on?" Danny asked.
"Something like that," Caulder confirmed.  "But it's not just the drinking and the drugs," she said.  "He's terrible with money.  He's been flat broke more times than I can count, but he always manages to bail himself out at the last minute.  I don't really know how.  I quit giving him advances years ago because never paid them back.  I think maybe he raises money on that piece of land he has down in Mississippi."
"What land?" Danny asked.
"It's some kind of family holdings down past Holly Springs.  Apparently he isn't allowed to sell it, but I think he's figured out some way to borrow on the equity."
Onstage the band plunged into "Just Don't Tell Mama," one of their lesser hits, and Danny realized Caulder was right about Eddie West.  He had captured the essence of Heck Cherry's deep gravelly voice, and even if it wasn't the legend himself doing the singing, the crowd seemed thrilled with his performance.
After a minute, Caulder turned to Danny with a knowing smile and said, "So are you here by yourself?"
"As usual," Danny said.
Saddle Trash kept the crowd stirred up with a second number, which had something to do with gun smoke and the smell of old saddles.  Danny didn't recognize it, and wondered if it was new.
"I got your message yesterday," Caulder told him.  "I thought about calling you back, but then I got busy.  How did things go in Natchez?"
"I found out a few things," Danny said, "but nothing that makes the picture any clearer."  He described his disappointing discovery of the vacant lot and his visit to Rowdy's.  "It's pretty much the same story as the one here in Memphis.  But there was one twist that I haven't figured out yet.  I know Edwin was involved with some charitable organizations here in Memphis," he told Caulder, "but did he ever do any actual volunteer work?"
"No.  Why?"
"Apparently he volunteered at hospital in Natchez."
"In a hospital?  Which one?"
"Natchez Regional," he told her.  Either surprise or alarm seemed to flicker in Caulder's eyes for an instant, and then it was gone.  "Do you have any idea why he might do that?"
"None whatsoever," Caulder said, a little too quickly.
"Then I guess we add that to the list of curious and unexplained activities."
"I just keep wondering if I really knew the man I was married to, Danny," Caulder admitted.  "Why would he do something like that and not tell me?"
"Because it might lead to other questions that he wasn't prepared to answer, I suppose.  Like what was he doing in Natchez in the first place?"
"This is not a good feeling.  We were together for sixteen years, and married for fifteen of that.  You'd think after all that time I would have gotten some inkling that all of this was going on."
"Well you never had what you'd call a conventional home life," Danny pointed out to her.  "You were always away more than you were home.  For whatever reason, that would make it easier for Edwin to do these things without you ever knowing."
"How long do you think he was deceiving me like this?" Caulder asked.
"At least a couple of years for sure, but nothing I've come across goes back much farther."
"Are you convinced that it wasn't some sort of philandering, or simple rebellion?  Was there some purpose to all of this other than just having a good time?"
"If you're want an opinion," Danny said, "mine is that he could have had a good time without going to this much trouble.  And if it's any consolation, there seem to be some good times he scrupulously avoided in Natchez and Memphis.  With women."
"It is a consolation," Caulder replied quietly.
The band moved on to their next number, a slow, lovely ballad called, "Sad-Eyed Belinda."
"Heck told me once that he wrote that song for the first girl he ever loved," Caulder said.  "But she was too good for him, and he never even asked her out.  And now somebody else is standing where he used to stand, singing the lyrics he made famous.  Isn't it funny how things work out in life?"
ELEVEN
Edwin, We Hardly Knew Ye
With a clunk of disdain, the scruffy waiter put the bowl of salad in front of Caulder Raines, then wiped his hand on his dirty cloth apron as if he had just touched something foul.  Kendall's was an unrepentantly backstreet burger and fries joint, and the waiter made it clear that people like Caulder who preferred to lunch on small garden salads and hot tea had stumbled into the wrong place.
Raking the man with a crisp, impersonal smile, Caulder thanked the waiter, then instructed him to bring her some lemon slices for the salad and a fresh glass of ice water, this time in a clean glass if possible.
Danny Skerett just chuckled, knowing he should have warned Caulder that bad service, surly waiters, and questionable hygiene were cornerstones of Kendall's ambience.  Most of the staff looked like they had been hauled in from the alley to cook and serve.
But Caulder could hold her own with these slobs, and Danny thought it might interest her to see how the other half ate.
Danny had been coming at Kendall's all his life.  Walking into the downtown café brought back memories of Saturday afternoons with his dad eating old man Kendall's greasy cheeseburgers, inch-thick onion rings, and strawberry malts.  To him, nothing else on the menu was worth considering.
In her trim silk business suit and stiletto heels, Caulder Raines looked as out of place in the run-down cafe as she would have at a demolition derby.  But she had told Danny to pick the restaurant, and Kendall's was just three blocks from her plush downtown office in Peabody Towers.
"I've been thinking about Edwin's visits to Natchez," Caulder said, "and it all simply astonishes me.  It's like suddenly finding out that your husband was a Mafia stooge, or that he had another wife and six kids in Baltimore.  I keep wondering when he had time for all this, or how he managed to keep it a secret for...how long did you say?"
"About two years, I guess," Danny said.  "But probably no longer.  When he was still in the partnership with his brother, he wouldn't have been able to travel so freely.
"But after their business burned and he became his own man, he had more flexibility, particularly when you were away.  He could make his plans based on your travel schedule, and I bet most of your communications were by cell phone.  When you talked you would just assume he was where he was supposed to be.  But he could be anywhere."
"We always used our cell phones," Caulder confirmed.  "It never occurred to me to question where he said he was.  Edwin was very predictable.  Or so I thought."
"He was clever in other ways, too," Danny added.  "He kept things compartmentalized so that none of Chet Wilder's affairs were intermingled with Edwin Raines'.  He kept separate bank accounts and credit cards, and received mail in separate locations.  Chet even owned a car in his own name."
The waiter delivered Danny's food, then returned with Caulder's lemons and ice water.  She gave the drinking glass a pointed examination, then dismissed the scowling server with an offhand gesture.  Another time Danny might have objected to the epithets the waiter muttered as he walked away, but not today when they were so well deserved.
The platter in front of Danny contained a fat, greasy cheeseburger, dressed to kill, on a six-inch bun.  Beside the burger was a double-handful of onion rings still sizzling from the deep fryer.  His malt was the old fashioned kind, blended in a tall metal tumbler from freshly scooped ice cream, strawberry syrup, and a generous squirt of malt extract.
Caulder looked at his meal the way a judge might look at a convicted killer before delivering the death sentence.  A warning glance from Danny kept her from saying anything about clogged arteries or the obesity epidemic.  Danny layered the onions rings with ketchup, took a bite of the burger, and smiled defiantly.
"One thing that fascinates me," Danny admitted, "is the personality change Edwin seemed to undergo when he became Chet Wilder.  It could have been an act, especially in the beginning.  But I'd be willing to bet that after a while when he put on those silly western clothes and ambled into his favorite local saloon, he actually felt like a different person."
"You aren't suggesting some kind of dual personality scenario here, are you?" Caulder asked.
Danny laughed at the suggestion.  "No, nothing that weird.  Edwin put too much planning into this for him to simply drop into Chet-mode without realizing it was happening.  But I do think that he was gradually making some fundamental changes in who he was and how he planned to live his life.  It probably started with the dissolution of his partnership with Martin and spiraled off from there.  His brother noticed changes in him too, but he put the blame for it at your doorstep."
"His brother?" Caulder said.  "When did you talk to him?"
"When I got back from Natchez.  I stopped by his store and had a chat."
"You can take anything he said with a grain of salt.  Both Martin and his mother bullied and dominated Edwin for his entire life, and Martin's opinions of him were badly skewed."
"My point exactly," Danny said.  "After a lifetime of being bossed around, imagine his feelings of liberation when he finally broke away.  Maybe that gave him the courage to make other changes, and to do things he would never have considered before.  You must have noticed some changes, too."
"There were a few things, but I didn't place any profound significance on them.  He started going to a gym and got rid of that little gut he had.  He became more assertive, which, as you know, was uncharacteristic for Edwin.  And you're right about his family.  He didn't let them bully him anymore.
"The exercise did wonders for his libido, too," Caulder recalled with an amused grin.  "That's another drawback to being a widow.  I miss the sex."
Danny just nodded, not trusting himself to say anything appropriate.
When they finished eating, the waiter brought the check.  Just for devilment, Danny suspected, Caulder asked him, "Do you take American Express?"
"Cash is all that cuts it in this joint, lady," the man growled.
"But what happens if I don't have any cash?" Caulder asked, beaming a sudden sweet smile up at him.
The waiter wasn't buying her act, and didn't seem vulnerable to her flirting.  "If you ain't got cash, then we got a problem."
"But couldn't you pleeeeese..."
"That's okay," Danny interrupted.  "I'll take care of it."  Caulder gave him an amused wink as he produced a twenty, handed it to the waiter, and told him to keep what was left.  As they rose to go, Caulder dropped another ten on the table, to pay for the entertainment, Danny supposed.
Once outside, Caulder said, "Since you're in so tight with my in-laws, maybe you can do another favor for me.  I've got a box of photos and mementoes I'd like for you to give them."
"Under the circumstances that's remarkably generous, Caulder."
"I'm not doing it for them.  But they are Edwin's only family, and despite all the problems, he loved them.  He would want me to do this for them."
They started walking back toward Caulder's office.  A gusty wind that shifted directions whimsically in the downtown canyons stirred her hair and lifted the hem of her skirt.  It was another hot afternoon, and Danny was already anticipating a dip in his pool.  He and Will Bishop planned to meet at his house to compare notes, but not until later in the day.
"I could stop by tomorrow to get those pictures.  And if you don't mind I'd also like to have a look at Edwin's business records," Danny told Caulder.  "I'm curious about how he managed to funnel off the money he used to support Chet Wilder."
Caulder was silent for a moment.  Danny was puzzled.  "Of course if you'd rather I not do that..." he offered.
"No, it's not that," she said.  "You're welcome to look at his records.  I'll even give you a key if you want one."  She hesitated, considering her next words.  "But I was just thinking how much simpler both our lives would have been if I hadn't found that wallet in Edwin's jacket.  Chet Wilder might have simply died when Edwin did, without us ever knowing he existed.  When I came to you a few weeks ago, I had no idea what a complicated maze this would become.  Maybe we should just end it now."
"No, not yet.  Not when there's a chance that the answers might still be out there," Danny said.
Caulder gave him an appraising look.  "You're starting to enjoy this, aren't you?" she said.
"I suppose so.  The reporter in me still loves chasing a good lead.  Even if it's a story that will never make it into print."
"I just don't want it to become a burden to you, Danny.  It wouldn't be satisfying never knowing what this bizarre behavior was all about.  It would leave me always wondering.  But I could live with that.  I loved my husband and losing him broke my heart, but I still plan to go on with my life."
They paused outside her office building.  A horse-drawn carriage clopped by on the street, and somewhere nearby, an annoyed driver gave his horn a blast.  Oddly, Caulder seemed hesitant to go in.
"I'll let you know when I've had enough," Danny told her.  "But for now, just let me handle things.  Maybe I'll still come up with something that will explain all the mysteries."
"Maybe," Caulder told him.  "Or maybe you'll finally come up with some proof that my dead husband was indeed nuts."
"We'll see"
"Yes, I guess we will."  He leaned forward to give her a peck on the cheeks, but she turned her face to him unexpectedly and their lips touched.  It wasn't quite a kiss, but seemed dangerously close to one.  Danny felt awkward, but Caulder didn't seem to mind.  She smiled and reached for the door.
"I'll be in Denver the rest of the week.  Call me," she called over her shoulder as she went inside.
* * *
Danny sat reading in a lounge chair under a canvas umbrella beside his pool.  He came home drowsy after his lunch at Kendall's, and a dip in the pool and a nap had only partially relieved his lethargy.  It wouldn't pay to eat that way every day, but life was short, and classic burgers were one of its sensual pleasures.
The phone on the table beside him rang.  Glancing at the caller ID, he saw that it was Shelby.  He let it ring until the machine inside finally picked up.  Checking his answering machine earlier, Danny was surprised to find a message from Marietta Blades, the woman who ditched him at the marina party and ran off to the downtown clubs with Shelby.  She was coming to town for a long weekend and wanted to get together for a drink.  Only if I can put a few special ingredients in yours, he thought.
The ever-predictable Shelby also left him two long voice messages.  In the first she explained that she was going to Aruba with a bond trader she'd met two weeks before and needed to see if she'd left any boxes of summer clothes in his attic.  In the second, she said she'd found the clothes, but might drop by anyway to see her babies before she left of town.
Danny laid his book aside when Will Bishop's gray Blazer turned into the driveway.  He pressed a button on the remote to open the gate, and Will pulled in and parked.
Will had brought a pair of swim trunks and a towel with him, and Danny directed him to a changing cabana beside the garage.
When he returned, suited up, Danny said, "There's a pitcher of frozen pina coladas in that ice bucket over there, and the beer's in the cooler.  Will poured a pina colada tried it out.
Will was a few inches shorter than Danny, but noticeably broader across the chest and shoulders.  His thick legs and husky upper body looked solid and powerful.  He had grown up on a ranch in northern Wyoming and learned what hard work was like at an early age.
Like Danny, Will Bishop had grown up in a home without a mother.  Despising the solitary life of a rancher's wife, Will's mother ran off with an itinerant ranch worker when Will was two.  Years later his father learned that she died in a car accident outside Kansas City.  Will's father was a fifth generation Wyoming rancher, and Will still spoke with certainty about going back someday to run the place when his dad got too old.
Kicking off his sandals and setting his drink aside, Will plunged into the pool.  His body sliced smoothly through the water, not surfacing again until he reached the opposite end.
"That's what I've been waiting for," Will said, hanging onto the side as he wiped the water from his face.  "There's a pool at my apartment, but it's always full of kids throwing things at each other and yelling 'Marco Polo'.  I go down once in a while to check out the bikini babes, but that's about all."
Will swam the pool end to end a couple of times, then climbed up out of the water and came over to retrieve his towel.  His pina colada was half melted, but he drank it anyway.
"So what's been going on at Jezebel's?" Danny asked.
"It's my kind of place," Will told him.  "I just put on my oldest jeans and my shit-kicker boots, and I fit right in with that bunch.  The music's pretty good, too.  It doesn't feel much like a work assignment.
"The first night I went in, I figured out who Franks was, and you were right about him and his crowd.  They're not the kind you turn your back on.  I've been in three times, and they're getting used to seeing my face.  Nobody seems suspicious of me."
"Have you managed to meet Marcy Doe yet?" Danny asked.
"She was there the second time I went in.  She was with a couple of other girls, and I bought them a round.  But I didn't come on too strong.  I hung around them for maybe twenty minutes, and then I left.
"A couple of days later, I followed the bus she rode to the University of Memphis campus.  After her last class, I managed to run into her 'by accident' in the quad, and we got to talking.  I gave her a lift back home."
"Have you seen her again since then?"
Will grinned.  "I'm one of her favorite people now.  I put an alternator in her car Sunday afternoon so she could have wheels again," he said, and we talked while I was working.  Man, that girl's got more problems than a fly in a glue factory.  She's wild, like you said, but she seems like a pretty good kid."
"What did you talk about?" Danny asked.
"Mostly she just rambled on about her life and all the things she's got going on.  I stayed away from talking about the bar or Franks because I didn't want her to start getting suspicious.  She thinks I'm a student, too.  I told her I lived in a dorm and worked part time for a printer in Whitehaven."
"So far so good," Danny said.  "This is going to take some time, and you were right not to probe.  She's got a few things of her own to hide as well."
"I picked up on that.  But she's talkative as hell, and I'm a good listener.  It'll all come out in time."
Danny went in the house and brought out a tray of snacks Carmella left for them.  Will got another drink, then attacked the fresh tortillas and spicy salsa with enthusiasm.
" I'll wait a few more days before going back," Will said.  "She still owes me twenty-five bucks for the alternator.  Since I'm supposed to be a starving student myself, I decided to let her pay me back.  So I'll be talking to her again."
"Just be leery of that whole set-up," Danny warned.  "If Franks and his crew are dealing some kind of shit out of that place, they're going to be on their guard.  They'll keep an eye on every unfamiliar face that walks in the door.  I don't think Marcy is involved in his action, but she could be trickier than we think.  And you'll want to be careful about Marcy in other ways, too.  She seems like the kind of girl who's very..."
"Willing?" Will grinned.
"I'm afraid so," Danny told him.  "But don't forget that this is work, Will.  You have to keep your distance or you'll gum up the whole investigation."
"I understand.  But it might not always be easy.  There's something kind of tempting about that girl."
"I know.  I saw it too," Danny said.
Will got back in the pool for another quick swim, and when he got out he switched from pina coladas to bottled water.  "I still have work to do when I get home," he explained.  "Gotta keep a clear head.  Lottie cut the first draft of my panda story to shreds, and I have to fix it.  Man, she's tough."
"How's she handling this outside assignment I've given you?  Is she still pissed?"
Will just grinned.  "What do you think?"
"Okay, I'll take care of that tomorrow, Will," Danny assured him.  "It isn't fair to keep her in the dark.  Actually, I plan to spend the rest of the week in the office.  I don't want my employees to forget what I look like."
Will dried off and ducked into the cabana to change back into his street clothes.  Still feeling guilty about his lunch at Kendall's, Danny decided that after the young reporter was gone, he'd leash up the dogs and take them on a run.
"By the way, I forgot to mention something," Will said as he prepared to leave.  "The other night when I was at Jezebel's Heck Cherry came in.  He sure looked ragged."
"Did he try to sing?" Danny asked, remembering Cherry's previous bumbling performance at the bar.
"Naw, he was so wasted he could hardly walk.  He had another guy with him, a big ugly bastard who was pretty wrecked himself.  They spent half an hour or so sitting with Franks at a back table, steadily pumping down bourbon and Cokes.  And then they got up and stumbled on out again."
After Will Bishop had gone, Danny remained at poolside for a few more minutes, pondering the strange relationship between the used-up country singer and the thug who ran Jezebel's.
* * *
Danny Skerett sat at the desk in his quickly darkening office, wishing he had not decided to call Shelby back.
It had gone well, at least superficially.  They were civil, and Danny agreed to let her get the dogs tomorrow morning before he left for work.  She was excited about her upcoming Aruba trip, and he let her bubble on about her plans for snorkeling, deep-sea fishing, and gambling in the casinos.  He choked back his sarcastic remarks, kept his jealous demons imprisoned, and cheerfully wished her a safe trip.
But simply talking to his wife put a damper on the day's good mood, and he hated that about himself.  Now, sitting alone in the mansion he had bought for her, surrounded by the wreckage of their marriage, he wondered when he would ever be finished with all this nonsense.  It wasn't simply time to light a fire under the divorce lawyers, he decided resolutely.  It was time to go after them with a flamethrower.
Shelby was responsible for most of the delays.  She stalled the process at every step, bickering over each clause of the settlement, not returning her lawyer's calls for days or weeks, and failing to show up for negotiating sessions.
Danny supposed it gave her some twisted sense of control to be so obstinate, and of course there was also all the money and stuff to consider.  The sad fact was that Shelby had more trouble giving up the lifestyle that their marriage had afforded her than she had giving him up.  He was determined not to concede to her incredible demands, but sometimes he thought it might be worth almost any price to escape this purgatory of somehow being married and not married at the same time.
He didn't think he still loved Shelby, but he was still drawn to her, still emotionally attached to her.  He still yearned and lusted after her in some very primal way.  It was frustrating.
Danny switched on the desk lamp and surveyed the chaos that lay in front of him.  Mixed all in together on the desk were bills that needed paying, assorted business and personal matters requiring his attention, unanswered correspondence, and the amassed collection of miscellany relating to the assorted secrets of Edwin Chester Raines.  It was time to deal with the mess, he decided.
On one corner of the desk was a three-inch stack of mail Carmella had placed there over the past several days.  It was as good a place as any to start.
It was the usual mix of mail, and most of it went into the trash.  Near the bottom of the stack he was startled to discover an envelope addressed to Chester Murphy.  Printed across the front was the message, "Your BellSouth Bill is Enclosed."  It puzzled him for a moment, then he realized how it got there.
Days before, Danny had filled out change of address cards at the Midtown post office so any mail addressed to Chet Murphy at the Madison address would come instead to his home.  This was the first piece of mail to be forwarded.  It intrigued Danny because he could not recall seeing a telephone in Edwin/Chet's Midtown apartment.  Why get a bill if you didn't have a phone?
He turned the envelope over and was surprised to see a return address was for the BellSouth office in Holly Springs, Mississippi.  The bill inside showed two addresses.  One was the address where the phone was installed, and the other, the billing address, was for Edwin's Midtown apartment.  The Holly Springs address interested him most.
235R Chesterman St., Holly Springs, MS 38634
He examined the bill.  Only basic services were provided, and it included overdue charges for the previous month, which Edwin couldn't have paid because he was already dead.  There were no charges for long distance calls, which made sense because Edwin undoubtedly used his cell phone for those.
What could he learn from this? Danny wondered.
One, Edwin must have established yet another residence in Holly Springs.
Two, the bill was current, so Edwin must have maintained the residence right up to the time of his death.
Three, for some reason Edwin did not want to receive mail in Holly Springs, so he had the bill sent somewhere else.
Four...  Was there a four?
The fourth conclusion, he realized, was that he had a trip to Holly Springs ahead of him.
TWELVE
A Quiet Little Town...Almost
Danny had once been to Holly Springs, Mississippi twenty years earlier when he drove down from Memphis with his grandparents for a local event called the Pilgrimage.  At eighteen, he was quickly bored with tours of Civil War era homes and churches, but he did remember appreciating the pretty, smiling local bells who welcomed visitors in their frilly period gowns and hoop-skirted finery.
His spotty memories of Holly Springs included quiet tree-lined streets, a traditional courthouse square, a town that had probably remained unchanged in many fundamental ways for the past century.
On his return to Holly Springs after two decades, Danny Skerett found that the town square was much as he remembered it.  The theater was closed and a few of the downtown storefront businesses had been transformed into antique shops, but the ageless, white-pillared courthouse still stood sentry in the center of the square.
Now, during the heat of late afternoon, the wheels of local commerce barely turned in the quiet north Mississippi town.  No one appeared to be in any particular hurry to get anywhere, and stopping dead in the middle of traffic to talk to a friend seemed to be an accepted local practice.  Using the directions he retrieved online that morning, Danny followed the signs for highway 178 into the center of town, turned left on the south side of the square, and drove east on Vandorn Avenue.
He passed an old church that he thought had once been in a movie, or should have.  At the next cross street a city police cruiser was parked a few yards back from the stop sign, its driver lounging back in the seat, comfortably vigilant.  Most of the houses along this stretch looked like carryovers from the antebellum era. A few sported small neat signs out front bearing names like The Pines, Ravenwood, and Kelsey's Folly.
A half mile farther he turned left on Chesterman.  The pedigree of the neighborhood changed quickly.  The houses here were more modest, newer but by no means new, far less immaculately clipped and groomed than their historic brethren nearby.  Cars, none new, cluttered driveways and curbsides, children frolicked in sun-scorched yards, front doors stood open, and dogs ran free.
235 Chesterman was two blocks down on the right.  The one-story wood frame house was narrow and deep, with a wide, roofed front porch to accommodate leisurely evenings out front watching the passing cars and kids.  To the left was a cracked concrete driveway leading to a tiny white garage in back.  The grass was thin and dry, and beneath a single walnut tree in the front yard the ground was bare and gnarled with exposed roots.
Danny parked and went to the front door.  As he approached, cooking odors wafted out to him through a screen door.  Country music played somewhere inside, but he saw no one.  He knocked, waited a minute, then knocked again.
The woman who came to the door was in her mid thirties.  She wore jeans and a white tee-shirt, and her straight brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail.  She held a dripping wooden spoon in one hand, and seemed annoyed at being called away from her cooking.  Distrust deepened the lines between her eyebrows.
"Yes?" the woman asked, keeping the screen door closed between them.
"Hi.  I'm sorry to disturb you," Danny said, donning his best smile and standing well back from the door.  "I'm trying to locate a friend of mine, and this is the last address I have for him.  His name is Chet Wilder."  He was already starting to believe he must have come to the wrong house, or that the present occupants must have moved in after Edwin left.
"Who are you?" the woman asked.  Her scowl deepened.
"My name is Dan Jackson.  I'm a friend of Chet's from Nashville," Danny said.  "We put together a few sales deals a couple of years back, but I've lost track of him since then.  This address is the last one I have for him.  Does he still live here?"
"I don't think he'd like me talking about his bidness."  Hope fluttered faintly.  She did at least know Chet Wilder.
"That's fine," Danny said, still smiling.  "I completely understand.  But I have a deal in this area that might interest him.  Do you know how I can find him?  Does he still live here?"
The questions were ridiculous, of course.  If this woman, whoever she might be, was waiting for Chet Wilder to return, she had a long wait ahead of her.  But he thought that if he kept her talking, she might inadvertently give him some inkling of the situation here.
"He's gone.  Been gone a while, and I don't know when he might be back.  You could leave a number, I s'pose."
"I'm on the road myself, and I left my cell phone in a motel last week.  I can't replace it until I get back to Nashville, and that could be two or three weeks from now.  Are you his..."  Danny started to say "wife" but stopped himself.  Whatever antics Edwin might have been pulling, bigamy certainly wasn't among them.  "Are you his housekeeper?" he asked.
"I never even said for sure that he lives here," the woman reminded him.  "But if you must know, I'm his tenant.  His place is in back."
"I see," Danny said, nodding his head.  "So he owns..."
"Look here, I don't want to talk to you no more about Chet's bidness.  I don't know you, and I don't know what you really want.  Far as I know, you could be just about anybody.  A bill collector, or the law, or anybody."
"Okay, I'll just leave you my contact information, then."  Danny scribbled his fake name and an imaginary phone number on a piece of paper, then offered it to the woman.  She opened the screen door and accepted the paper, then let it close again.
"Maybe you could just tell me..." Danny tried again, but the woman interrupted him angrily.
"You go on now!  I don't have nothing else to say. Chet's been gone a long time, and I'm not telling you nothing."
That's fine, Danny thought.  You've already told me a lot, whether you know it or not.
"Okay.  But be sure to tell him I was here.  There's money in it for him," he said as he turned away.
As Danny walked away, a young girl in her early teens rode up on a bicycle and stopped at the end of the drive.  Danny noticed for the first time the two mailboxes mounted side by side on a singly post.  So this was a duplex.
The girl looked sweet and pretty, with pale skin and curly red hair, cut short.  She withdrew a handful of mail from one of the boxes, then looked up at Danny.  She smiled, seemingly unconcerned by the approach of a complete stranger.
"Hi," the girl said.
"Hi there," Danny answered.  "I just stopped by to see Chet, but he's not here.  Do you know when he'll be back?"
"No, but I wish he'd hurry up 'cause I miss him.  He was helping me learn French.  To get ready for high school."
"So he lives in the back, and you and your mom live in front?"
"Yessir.  It's his house, but he lets us live here," the girl said.  "He's awfully nice.  When he's home..."
An alarmed shout rang out from the front door.  "Hey you!  Fella!  You leave her alone.  Don't talk to that man, Misty!  I don't know who he is and I don't trust him."  Danny turned in time to see the woman come out and start across the porch, shouting as she advanced.
Not wanting a confrontation with this angry woman, Danny walked quickly toward his car.  "You have a nice day, miss," he called back over his shoulder to the girl.  As he drove away, he glanced back once in his rear view mirror and saw the woman standing at the end of her drive, staring angrily after him.
"Ellie Byrne," Danny said to himself.  It was the name he had seen on one of the pieces of mail the girl had taken from the box.  "And Misty."   He repeated the names couple of times to impress them in his memory until he could write them down.
He drove back to the town square and parked near the courthouse.  He found the county clerk's office on the second floor in a rustic office that reminded him of the Bailey Building and Loan office from It's a Wonderful Life.  The only things that seemed out of place in this period-piece setting were the desktop computers scattered about the room.  Two late middle-aged women at adjoining desks in back looked up when he entered, but neither seemed interested in attending to his needs.  Finally one called back over her shoulder, "Ruda.  Up front."
When Ruda came out of room in back and her eyes landed on Danny, a bright smile lit her face.  She sashayed over to the long mahogany counter where he waited.  Ruda was thirtyish, with carefully coiffed strawberry blond hair and a brazen wardrobe that undoubtedly kept the courthouse gossip machinery spinning.  The wattage never left her smile as she greeted Danny and asked what she could do for him.  Using his real name this time, Danny introduced himself and showed her his press pass.  Her name, he learned, was Ruda Phillips, and she seemed appropriately impressed with his status as a Memphis journalist.
Danny explained that he needed to check the ownership of a piece of property in Holly Springs.  With Ruda's help, he spent the next twenty minutes looking up what records existed for the property at 235 Chesterman.
He was surprised to learn that the house was owned by an entity called WRM Holdings, a corporation licensed in Mississippi.  WRM Holdings had purchased the house less than two years before for the sum of one dollar, "plus other real and valuable considerations."  It was valued at $83,000 during the last county assessment.  There was no lien holder, which Danny thought made sense if the place only cost a dollar.
"Do you know anything about WRM Holdings?" Danny asked.
"I've never heard if it," Ruda told him.  "But that's no surprise.  Folks create these little shake-and-bake dummy corporations all the time to cover up who's doing what and who owns what.  Any lawyer a week out of college can set one up."
"Well what about this 'one dollar' business?"
"That's just lawyer talk," Ruda explained with a laugh.  "All it means is they don't want to put down what they actually paid for something."
"So what I've got here is a lot of nothing," Danny said.
"Well you can contact the state attorney general's office if you want to find out more about WRM.  They keep the records for all the corporations in Mississippi."
Danny took a moment to make some notes.
"Tell me something, Ruda," he asked.  She smiled brightly at him, as if anything and everything she had was his for the asking.  "Do you know a man named Chet Wilder?"
"Nope.  Doesn't ring a bell," she said.
"How about Ellie Byrne?" he asked.
"Well, I sorta know her.  Or at least I know of her," Ruda explained.  "There's lots of those Byrneses scattered around the hills south of Holly Springs.  I've always heard they used to be shiners way back when, but now they're mostly farmers and factory workers.  And some others of them are just plain no account, if you know what I mean."
"Shiners?"
"Moonshiners," Ruda explained.  "There used to be lots of them hereabouts back when most of the counties in the state were dry.  Nowadays, it's a tough business to be in, and there's not much money to be made."
"What can you tell me about Ellie Byrne?"
"She was a wild one in her day.  Her and her sister Pam used to cut a wide swath in the tonks and juke joints all the way from Tupelo to Memphis.  But Pam's dead now, I don't know from what, and Ellie's raising her daughter.  I guess that settled her down some.  And people get older, too.  You can't live fast forever or it just uses you up."
"But you've never heard anything about a man named Chet Wilder?" Danny tried again.
"Nope.  We see a lot of names and faces in this office, but I don't think I've ever come across that one."
Ruda hovered nearby as Danny glanced over his notes, fiddling idly with the top button of her blouse and clobbering him with another smile each time he looked up at her.
"You in town for long?" she finally asked.
"No, I just drove down for the day," Danny told her.
"Too bad," Ruda told him.
"I was just thinking the same thing," Danny said.  Actually he had been wondering if she lavished this much attention on every man who entered her orbit, or whether he rated special attention.  In any case, his instincts told him that her hooks probably came out lighting fast and sank deep.
"Well, if you every get back down this way," she offered.
"Sure.  Let me get your number, just in case I need to do some follow-up."
Danny provided her with a fresh page in his notebook, and Ruda wrote her vitals in a swirling, girlish script.  She included a work number and cell phone number.  "And just so you'll know," she added, leaning forward and lowering her voice, "I could find out just about anything you needed to know about the people hereabouts.  But I can't always talk freely here in the office.  We might have to get together someplace else."
Danny imagined that she probably knew any number of spots nearby that would be ideal for what she seemed to have in mind.
"That's good to know, Ruda.  I'll be careful not to lose this," he said, tapping the page where her name and numbers were written.  He shook her small, warm hand, then bolted for the door.
Walking down the marble stairs to the courthouse rotunda, Danny smiled to himself, imagining how wild the ride would get with a woman like Ruda Phillips.  Maybe it might be the best thing for him to let a woman like that grab ahold of him and give his life a good hard shake.  Maybe a Ruda could dislodge some of the romantic crap and sentimental nonsense out of his fogged-up brain.  Or it might just make everything worse.
Back outside, Danny lingered on the courthouse steps, wondering what else he should do before he left Holly Springs.
Edwin's connection with the woman and her daughter was puzzling.  The circumstances here seemed entirely different that those in Memphis or Natchez, and he had no idea what to make of the hostility he had encountered from Ellie Byrne at the simple mention of Edwin's assumed name.  Was she protecting him, and if so, from whom or what?
The WRM Holdings situation was also strange.  Could it be as simple as the fact that Edwin rented the house from them, or was the connection more complicated and deliberate?  His journalistic instincts told him that when someone went to those extremes to conceal their ownership of something, they had something to hide.
He decided it wouldn't hurt to ask around a bit.  Small towns generally had remarkable gossip networks, and he might stumble across something useful.  As a beat reporter he had learned that some of the best leads came from seemingly casual conversations in very ordinary places.
A dozen yards away two old men were sitting on a concrete bench feeding the squirrels and pigeons from paper bags of popcorn.  One wore denim bib overalls and a dirty felt hat that had seen too many years of service.  The other had on a dingy white shirt and a pair of faded cotton trousers   This was as good a place to start as any.
Danny strode casually in their direction, feigning interest in the menagerie gathered at their feet.  He watched as a squirrel edged forward to claim a piece of popcorn that one of the men held out to him.
"I can't believe how tame they are," Danny ventured.
"They know us," one of the men explained.  "We feed them pert near every day."  His features were deeply tanned and incredibly wrinkled from a lifetime of outdoor labor.
"Don't they every try to bite you?" Danny asked.
"Not 'less you try to take holt of one," the other man said.  He had the flushed cheeks and mottled nose of a heavy drinker.  His eyes were rheumy, and when he looked up at Danny, he squinted as if trying to see him more distinctly.
Danny knelt on the edge of the fluttering, eager throng of birds and squirrels.  "Mind if I try?" he asked.
The wrinkled man in the overalls held out his bag to Danny and said, "Hep yourself."
Danny took a handful of the popcorn and held out one piece to the diners.  A pigeon pecked at it, skillfully plucking it from his fingers.  Several other birds mobbed the first, trying to steal the treasure.  Danny tried again, holding the piece of popcorn more securely this time, but in an instant another pigeon took it.
"This is a nice little town," Danny offered casually.  "I haven't been to Holly Springs in years.  I forgot what a pretty place it is."
"It's alright, I s'pose," the man with the red face agreed.  "I ain't never lived noplace else except here.  Used to be a janitor there in the courthouse, but the country retired me five years back.  Now when the wife gets tired of having me underfoot, I come up here and feed the critters with Matt."
"'Les you wander over to Jaybo's and get yourself a snort instead," his friend teased.  "Hugh here, he likes his whiskey," the wrinkled man, Matt, explained to Danny with a grin.
"I like it a'right, same as the next man," Hugh grumbled.  "But that don't make it your bidness, now does it?"
"I've got a friend whose got a place here in town," Danny said.  Never mind that he's dead, he thought.  "Maybe you fellows know him.  His name's Chet Wilder."
"There's some Wilders down south of Potts Camp," Matt said.  "Is he any kin to them?"
"I don't think so," Danny said.  "He's not from these parts.  He just has a house here now.  A duplex.  I think he rents the front part to a woman named Ellie Byrne."
The red-faced man, Hugh, sat up and looked at Danny, his face alight with amusement.  "That's the friend you're talking about?" he chuckled.  "The fella that's shacked up with Ellie Byrne?  Sure, we know who he is.  Got himself a ready made little family there."
"Now Hugh.  Nobody knows for sure if that's true," Matt cautioned his companion mildly.  "People always want to think the worst of somebody, and if they don't know the facts, they generally make something up."
"Well what are folks supposed to think?" Hugh argued.  "What with him taking that house and moving Ellie in right away, rent free, so I hear.  If he ain't cracking her, it ain't cause she'd try to stop him.  You know them Byrneses better than most, Matt.  Hell, you put enough of them in the county lockup back when you had a badge on your shirt."
"Maybe, but you still oughta watch your tongue, Hugh.  You're talking about this man's friend."
"I didn't know about the woman when I came down here looking for Chet," Danny admitted.
"Folks in town don't know much about him," Matt explained.  "He ain't here much.  A traveling man, so I hear.  With his job I s'pose."
Danny glanced up and noticed two men in a white pickup truck cruise slowly past.  It was a big Ford wide-body, beat up, rusted, trailing a pall of gray smoke.
When the driver saw Danny's car he paused behind it for a better look, said something to his companion, and pulled in the parking space beside it.  As he got out he swung the driver's door open hard, slamming it into the side of the Mercedes.
Danny winced at the damage he knew that must have caused.  Here comes trouble, he thought.
The driver was a big brute with greasy brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, and a bushy, neglected beard.  His dirty tee shirt was stretched tight across a huge belly, and the waistband of his jeans disappeared beneath a heavy fold of gut.
By contrast, the truck's passenger was a skinny youth with an exaggerated limp that hinted at some unattended childhood affliction.  He had on a straw cowboy hat, and wore a black vest over his dingy tee shirt.
The pair came straight toward Danny and the two old men.  As they lumbered nearer, the throng of birds and squirrels scattered.  Danny stood his ground, trying not to let his nervousness show.
"You the asshole that's been botherin' my sister?" The big man demanded.  He stopped just short of attack range, but his fists were balled and anger pinched his face.  Something seemed familiar about this man, but Danny knew it was hardly the time to pause for reflection.
"I haven't been bothering anybody," Danny said, trying to keep his voice even.
"What are you bellaring about, Dee?" the old man named Matt demanded.  He seemed more annoyed than alarmed by the man's sudden arrival and threatening stance.
"This guy been over at Ellie's house, scaring her, and asking a bunch of questions about her own personal bidness," Dee growled.  "He stopped that girl of Ellie's in the street and talked to her, too.  Gawd knows what filthy stuff he might have said."
"Nothing scary or filthy went on over there," Danny insisted.  "I was looking for my friend of mine.  That's all."
The big man's eyes narrowed, and the muscles of his arms corded as he clenched and unclenched his fists.  His face was splotched red with anger and a blue vein on is neck throbbed.  "I think I might just stomp your stinkin' ass right here and now," he growled to Danny.
Danny's mind raced.  His experience in the shadows behind Jezebel's still burned in his memory, and he knew his ego couldn't stand another humiliation like that one.  His first punch, if he got the chance to throw one, would be straight into that huge belly, he decided.  He was vaguely aware of the skinny kid inching around his left side, but that was secondary to the threat looming in front of him.
"Listen here Dee, if you go after this fellow right here in front of two witnesses," Matt reasoned, "it's only going to get you locked up again.  If he done something wrong, go swear out a complaint against him."
Danny groaned inwardly.  He would almost rather get punched than try to explain all this to some local judge.
"I ain't got time for no complaints, Matt," the big man said.  "I want a piece of him now."  He waggled a fat, crooked finger in Danny's direction.
"Don't do it, Dee," Matt warned him.  Danny had to admire the old guy for standing resolute in the face this brute.
"Who's gonna stop me, old man?  You ain't no sheriff's deputy no more.  I'll swat you like a fly if you get in my way."
Sure, Dee," Matt scoffed.  "You go ahead and swat me, and see what Judge Wilheit decides to do then.  He'll have you locked away so long your mama will forget what you look like."
In the confusion, Danny had momentarily forgotten to keep track of the second, smaller man, and now realized that he had sidled around until he was behind him.  He turned his head just as the little guy lunged forward, thrusting something black and thick toward Danny.
Danny turned and sidestepped, making a desperate grab for the arm coming at him.  He managed to grasp the small man's hand, diverting it away from him at the last instant.  The man's momentum carried him forward, and instead of striking Danny, the object in his hand made hard contact with the big man's belly.  A crackling electric buzz sounded, and Dee's body shuddered convulsively.  Then he crumpled to the ground where he lay twitching and moaning.
Danny wrestled the six-inch stun gun from the smaller man's hand and tossed it away.
"Boy you done it now, Cleve," Hugh observed dryly.
Danny's attacker was so distraught that he was hyperventilating.  "Oh shit!  Oh shit!" he muttered with every constricted gasp.  "Dee's gonna kill me!  Oh shit!  He'll skin me out like a catfish for this!"
For a moment the four of them just stood there, shocked into inactivity by this unexpected event.  Dee's convulsions slowed and then stopped.  His eyes were open, but there was no intelligence or recognition in them.  Urine darkened the front of his jeans.
"If it was me," Hugh told Danny finally, "I think I'd get in my car and head north, mister."
"That might be good advice," Matt agreed.  "When Dee gets back to himself, he ain't going to be worrying about jail time.  And as for you, Cleve, you might think about finding a log to crawling under for a few days.  Dee ain't going to be none to happy with you neither."
"But it was an accident," Cleve whined.  "He done it!" he added, pointing at Danny.
"Well you best just run along 'til Dee gets his senses back anyway.  And leave that little toy of yours there where it is.  It's mine now."
Cleve might not have been the brightest bulb in the string, but he knew good advice when he heard it.  He turned and scuttled away across the courthouse lawn, moving as quickly as his crippled leg allowed.
Dee's head rolled and his eyes gazed around him as if he might be waking up in a completely unfamiliar place.  Saliva oozed out of the corner of his mouth.
"Thanks for stepping in there," Danny told Matt.  "This could have been a lot worse if you hadn't spoken up.  I'm much obliged."  He was already fishing in his pocket for his car keys.
"I've seen Dee and his cousins crack enough jaws in my time, and I don't care to see no more of it," Matt told him.  "Just get out of here before he gets his senses back.  Hugh and I should probably do the same thing."
"You betcha," Hugh agreed.  "It's late enough in the day to head on over to Jaybo's anyway."
Danny didn't look back until he had reached the Mercedes and started the engine.  Alone now on the courthouse lawn, Dee was sitting up and looking around, probably trying to figure out where he was and how he got there.  But it would all come back to him soon enough.  Danny put the car in reverse and backed out of the parking space.  After writing down the license plate of Dee's truck, he pulled away.
THIRTEEN
Gainful Employment
Jack Welsh was halfway through a plate of meatloaf, mashed potatoes and turnip greens when Danny slid uninvited into the booth across from him.  Jack looked like he needed the nourishment.  Although it was not quite six, he had obviously been drinking steadily for hours.  His eyes were puffy and his thick gray hair was in wiry disarray.  A week's stubble sprouted from his cheeks and chin.  His face was gray and haggard.
"Danny, my friend!" Jack exclaimed.  "So good to see you.  Our paths haven't crossed since the funeral.  What have you been doing with yourself?"
"Nothing in particular," Danny told him.  "A little work, a little fun.  Not nearly enough of either."
"Same here," Jack said.  "Except for the working part."  He raised his beer glass and drained a third of it.  "I'm in a rut, Danny.  Ass deep.  Haven't written a word in over a month.  One hundred percent blockage.  I even flew down to New Orleans for a week in my quest for inspiration."
"Didn't help?"
"No, unfortunately.  I can't even account for about half the time I spent there.  Big chunks of several days are completely gone, and the notes I got home with look like they were written in Sanskrit by a trained ape.  But during my forgotten escapades, I did manage to part company with my wallet, a mohair jacket, a good watch, a new pair of Timberlands, and several hundred dollars in petty cash.  And I vaguely remember being in handcuffs at some point, but the details are fuzzy.  I don't know whether it was for recreation or discipline."
A shabby, disinterested waitress with bobbed burgundy hair and enough black makeup to land her a bit part in an undead movie came to their table.  Danny asked for a draft and she turned away without ever speaking.
"What brings you out on a Wednesday night to a dive like Fitzie's" Jack asked.  "It couldn't be the ambiance because this dump doesn't have any.  And as far as chicks, well, Squeak there is as good as it gets."  He pointed at the retreating waitress.
"I'm meeting someone, but I'm early."  Danny didn't feel like explaining, and Jack didn't seem interested anyway.  The old sod forked another chunk of meatloaf into his mouth, then wiped away a dribble of gravy that ran down his chin.
"What plot has you stuck, Jack?" Danny asked.  "Is it the one about the man whose ex-wife tries to convince the FBI that he's the serial child rapist they've been chasing?"
"No, no," Jack replied.  "That one's already wrapped up and scheduled for publication next spring.  My agent says a couple of studios are looking at it.  My new book is about a man whose ex-wife is an epidemiologist at the CDC.  When he discovers she's been selling Ebola virus to domestic terrorists, she lures him to a mountain cabin and tries to infect him with the stuff."
"Sounds pretty exciting," Danny said without enthusiasm.  "What part are you stuck on?"
"The ex-wife's lesbian sex scenes," Jack admitted.  "I don't have any frame of reference.  That's why I wanted to go to New Orleans and visit some kinky clubs down there.  But I can't remember whether I made it to any or not.  I remember wandering into Pat O'Brien's almost every afternoon, but what happened after the third or fourth Hurricane is just a big muddy blur."
Danny's beer arrived, and the waitress also brought Jack an unrequested refill.
"So are we still on for later?" Jack asked her.  "I've got the Crisco and the duct tape you asked for, but you'd be surprised how hard it is to find live chickens in Memphis this time of year."
She flipped him off and left again, still without having uttered a syllable.
"She's such a sweetheart.  I plan to put her in one of my books," Jack confided.  "Only she'll be pretty and have a personality.  I think I'll give her blond hair and a better body, too.  I'm sure she'll thank me for the makeover."
Danny had good reason to believe that few women ever had any reason to thank Jack Walsh for anything, unless leaving them alone counted.
Jack stirred the remainders of his meal on his plate and raised a forkful of the ensuing muck to his mouth.  Part of it departed the fork early and landed on his shirt.
"By the way, I saw your friend Edwin's wife the other day," Jack said. "Miss Caulder looks like she's managing to endure widowhood with grace and style."
"She's not one of those women whose marriage was the entire framework of her existence," Danny offered defensively.  "But she's grieving in her own way."
"Have you had the opportunity yet to console her in her grief?" Jack asked.  His grin made the question a lewd one.
"I've got a sudden urge to reach over and slap the shit out of you, Jack," Danny answered.  "Funny how you always manage to bring that out in me."  But he really wasn't that upset with his friend.  Jack's mind ran in those channels and it was simply his nature to say such things.  And sometimes, Danny knew, he said what other people thought but never dared say out loud.
"Sorry.  I know you're far too gentlemanly to take advantage of such a golden opportunity," Jack grinned.  "But as long as we're on the subject, a contact of mine in the MPD told me they've pulled the investigators off the Raines' murder.  They haven't exactly closed the case, but they might as well have since nobody's working on it anymore."
"I heard pretty much the same thing."
"They're sticking with their random killing theory because they haven't come up with anything better."
"No surprise there," Danny said.  "They assigned the case to a dud, and he's living up to everyone's expectations of him."  As soon as the words came out, Danny felt like a hypocrite for making such a statement.  How had he helped the MPD investigator?  He had not given Mike Parmalee a single scrap of the information he had uncovered, and had no plans to.
But what would Parmalee do with it? He mused.  Could he distill any clues out of the mish-mash of discoveries Danny had made?  Or would the information only serve to embarrass Caulder and cast a tawdry pall over Edwin's reputation?
Jack Walsh picked up his fresh beer and made an earnest attempt to drain the glass.
"I'm on my way to Printer's Alley," he said.  "I'm part of a group of wizened old farts who meet there every other Wednesday to wax esoteric while we drink ourselves stupid.  Want to come along?  We've got a fifty-fifty chance of this being the right week.  And if it's not, hell, we still end up in Printer's Alley, which is a better place than most to get shit-faced."
"I have to pass," Danny said.  "Like I said, I'm meeting somebody here."
"Oh, you really are meeting someone?  I though you said that just so you wouldn't have to stick around if I got too idiotic."
Danny just grinned.  "I really am meeting a colleague.  And besides, I never have had any trouble telling you you're an idiot, have I Jack?  You go on to your old fart thing, and I'll see you next time.  Who knows, I might even feel like getting polluted with you one of these days."
"Any time, Danny boy.  Most days I'm headed down that road already, and you're always welcome to tag along."
The old drunk got up from the booth and weaved toward the door.  Stepping to the curb, he raised one arm in a taxi-flagging wave.  He looked ridiculous.  If this was New York it might have been a logical move, but here in Memphis how often did you see taxis cruise down Union Avenue seeking fares?
Then, remarkably, a taxi swerved out of traffic and jolted to a stop at the curb.  Jack opened the back door and tumbled in.
As if Jack's departure was her cue, the sullen waitress materialized at Danny's elbow.  "Here's your friend's tab," she said, holding out a handwritten, generic restaurant order sheet.  Most of it was in hieroglyphics, but the total was bold and easy to read.  $34.25.
Danny fished four tens out of his wallet and told her to keep the change.
"Thanks, dude," the girl said, her voice devoid of any real gratitude.  She would probably hit Jack up again for the same check the next time he came in.
Will Bishop was fifteen minutes late.  Danny shook his hand and they moved to another booth that wasn't cluttered with the gravy-splashed remains of Jack Walsh's meal.
"Sorry I'm late, boss," Will apologized.  "I had to work over about an hour, and I didn't have a chance to call you."
"At the magazine?" Danny asked.  Will had a phone on his desk just like everyone else.
"No, at my new job," Will grinned.  "At Jezebel's."
"You kidding!"
"I started last night as a bar-back three nights a week.  I figured it would be a good way to spend more time there without drawing attention.  A job like that makes you practically invisible.  Nobody pays any attention to the poor slug who's washing glasses and carrying cases of empties into the back room.
Danny wasn't sure how he felt about this news.  After their last meeting at his house, he started wondering if he wasn't already getting his young employee too deeply involved in a situation that had no clear journalistic objectives.  This move would plunge him even deeper into the pit.
" I probably should have checked with you first, but this hit me out of nowhere," Will explained.  "I was at the bar having a beer, and Franks came over and asked me if I was interested in part-time work.  I said hell yes before I gave it much thought."
"I just don't want to get you hurt," Danny said.  "We're pretty sure these boys have something going on that doesn't have anything to do with draft beer and country music, and we know they're not afraid to play rough."
Will just grinned.  "I think it'll be fun," he said, "and if it looks like trouble is brewing, I'll just disappear.  Hell, they don't know who I am, not really.  Franks never did any paperwork when he hired me.  He pays me out of the register when my shift's over."
"Okay," Danny conceded.  "I guess you're officially undercover.  But don't forget that you still work for me, and when I tell you to get your ass or of there, you start looking around for the closest door."
"You got it, boss," Will vowed.
The waitress brought Will a beer.  He looked her up and down, taking in the Elvira makeup, loose black sweater, short black skirt and black fishnet leggings in a quick glance.  He seemed to like what he saw.
She didn't seem to mind the attention.  Her eyes never strayed from Will's face as he appraised her, or as he pulled a couple of dollars out of his jeans and gave them to her.  She never actually smiled at him, but she looked like she might be considering it.  Danny noticed the looks they exchanged and wondered at the odd, immediate connection they seemed to make.  The cowboy and the Goth.  Wyatt Earp meets Morticia Adams.
"So how's our young friend Marcy doing?" Danny asked when the waitress was gone.  "Has she tried to lure you upstairs to that little lair of hers yet?"
"I've gone up with her a couple of times," Will admitted.  "But I managed to keep my britches on both times.  The girl does way too much weed, Danny.  I don't know she manages to function with so much THC in her bloodstream."
"Has she opened up to you any more about Franks and company?"
"Not really.  He scares the hell out of her.  She hangs around the bar, and even picks up a waitress shift sometimes.  But any time he's in the vicinity, or even when his name is mentioned, she gets this cornered cat look."
"If she's so scared, I wonder why she doesn't move out?"
"It's familiar, I suppose, and dirt cheap.  A girl like her doesn't have a lot of options.  I feel kind of sorry for her.  She hasn't had many breaks.  She's been on her own since she was fifteen.  I'm surprised she's done as well as she has, everything considered.  She holds down two jobs, and still manages to keep up with her classes at U of M."
Danny almost repeated his earlier admonition to Will to keep his distance from this strange, needy girl, then wondered if he risked starting to sound parental.  Will could take care of himself, and his choices were his own, as were the consequences.
It was dark outside now, and the bar's regulars were filtering in.  Most took seats at the long, dimly-lit bar, there to share their solitary alcoholic pursuits with hunched, undemanding strangers.  From time to time Will's gaze drifted over toward the waitress, who was busy with the new arrivals.
"I'm told her name is Squeak," Danny offered.
Will looked back at him and grinned.  "Squeak?  Cool.  I like it."
"So do you have to go back to Jezebel's tonight?"
"No, I'm off."
"Are you going to the office tomorrow?" Danny asked.
"Sure," Will said.  "I have to keep Lottie happy, too.  If she sees that what I'd doing for you doesn't affect my work at The Beat, she won't have any good reason to be pissed at either of us."
"I'm all for that idea.  And I have a couple of things I want you to look into for me," Danny said.  He took a sheet of paper out of his shirt pocket and handed it to Will.  "Check the public records in Mississippi and see what you can find out about a WRM Corporation.  I'd like to know how long it's been in business, who the owners are, and anything else you can dig up.  There's a Mississippi tag number there, too.  Find out who it's registered to, and whatever you can learn about the owner.  Home address, criminal record, that sort of thing."
"Shouldn't be a problem.  I can do most of that on the internet.  When do you need it?"
"No particular hurry.  This week, I guess."
Will put the paper in his pocket, then took a drink of beer.  Somebody fed some money into the jukebox, and the first chords of an old Merle Haggard song started up.  Danny would have bet that not a single selection on the machine was less than thirty years old.  That's the kind of patron's Fitzie's drew.
"So how much does Franks think he knows about you?" Danny asked.
"That I'm a student at U of M, but I party more than I study.  I mentioned once that I came here from Montana on a wrestling scholarship, but lost it because I didn't keep my grades up.  One night I told him I was having car trouble and had him drop me off in front of one of the jock dorms on campus.  He's never seemed suspicious, or even very interested."
"Alright Will.  Play this hand for a while if you're so all-fired eager to walk on the wild side," Danny said.  "Just be careful, and keep me informed.  And for all our sakes, keep Lottie happy.  That's still your number one priority."  He waved the waitress over again, and gave her another ten.  While he was paying, Will's eyes never stopped scanning the waitress's face, form, and impossible getup.
"Guess I'll be going then," Danny said.
"I might stick around here a while," Will decided.  "At least until..."  His eyes met the waitress's.
"Eight," she said, her dark, heavily shaded eyes meeting Will's straight on.  "You might stick around until eight."
* * *
Danny wasn't looking forward to spending more time with Martin Raines, but he sensed that Edwin's brother had more to reveal if he could find the right trigger to get him talking.  Using the box of photos from Caulder as an excuse, he called Martin at his store and offered to buy him lunch at La Tourelle, a chic French restaurant in Midtown.  Martin eagerly accepted.
Martin Raines already had a table when Danny arrived.  He rose to greet Danny, seeming relaxed and friendly.  Danny set the shoebox box of pictures on the table and they both sat.  Martin was already half finished with his first glass of champagne, and Danny ordered the same.  Anything that relaxed nerves and lubricated tongues was welcome here.
Martin took out a few of the photos from the box.  His features softened as he examined the first one.
"Caulder said most of these are of Edwin and your family," Danny offered.  "She kept a few, but she thought you and your mother should have most of them."
"So thoughtful of her," Martin said offhandedly.  "Surprisingly thoughtful."
"She has her good side.  Obviously Edwin thought so.  He stayed married to her for fifteen years."
"I suppose," Martin muttered.  But his attention was focused on the pictures and the memories they stirred.  Danny fell silent, leaving him to his reveries.
Martin paused at one picture and a fond smile melted across his face.
"I remember this day so well," he said quietly.  He looked up at Danny, still smiling, and passed the picture over.
In the photo Martin and Edward stood with their father by a station wagon piled high with what seemed to be assorted outdoor gear.  The boys, perhaps ages twelve and ten, wearing jeans and flannel shirts, beamed at the camera.
"We were leaving on a fishing trip on the Little Red River in Arkansas, the first one our father ever took us on," Martin explained.  "Just us guys.  Father had rented a cabin, hired a fishing guide, the works.  None of us knew a thing about fishing, but that didn't matter."
Danny had only vague memories of their father.  He recalled Theodore Raines as a serious, soft-spoken man who always seemed to have on the same severe dark suit.  He died of an aneurism just after Edwin graduated from college, and his sons, who both already worked at Raines Antiquities, took over the business.
In the photo Theodore Raines looked out of place in his casual clothes, and it was hard for Danny to imagine him climbing in an aluminum fishing boat and motoring up the Little Red in pursuit of elusive browns and rainbows.
Martin shuffled through a few more pictures, then paused to study another one, chuckling softly.  "Here's Edwin all slicked up for the senior prom," he said.  "It was his first date, and Mother arranged it or him."  He handed Danny the picture.
A slight, youthful Edwin stood at the foot of a staircase dressed in an ill-fitting powder blue tuxedo, looking as comfortable as a kid in a dentist's chair.
"I remember that night," Danny said.  "He took Tammy Riger, and she actually looked kind of pretty in her silk dress and beauty-shop hairdo.  I told Edwin that he should try to kiss her, and then see what else he could get away with.  But I knew he wouldn't.  They never even tried to dance, and they were the first couple to leave."
"He was home by nine-thirty," Martin said.  "Mother was furious with him for practically wasting two twenty-dollar prom tickets and a sixty-dollar rented tux.  The putz."
"Girls paralyzed Edwin," Danny said.  "I don't think he had a single date in high school.  The thought of making conversation with a girl for an entire evening terrified him.  Years later when I heard he and Caulder were engaged, I couldn't imagine how he landed a woman like her.  I guess he was just a late bloomer."
"I doubt that he did much of the landing," Martin observed.
"You could be right, but still it's a shame that his marriage had to cause such problems in your family."
The waiter came for their order, and Martin Raines set the pictures aside to focus on the menu.  He went all out, ordering an appetizer, soup, salad, and a lobster and truffle dish.  Two more glasses of champagne arrived as the conversation continued.
"Mother and I were disturbed to see that woman use her sexuality to get what she wanted from Edwin.  Given his lack of experience, I'm sure it was easy for her to beguile him with her sexual favors."
Martin's delicate choice of words amused Danny, and he wondered if Martin was any more experienced than his brother.
"Even if that's true," Danny grinned, "was so bad?  Caulder was, and is, a beautiful woman.  Edwin must have thought he'd won the lottery the day he ended up in bed with her."
Martin scowled mightily.  "There are words for a woman who uses sex for financial gain," he grumbled doggedly.  It obviously goaded him to think his brother might have enjoyed such physical pleasures despite his and his mother's dire warnings.
"Maybe so, but they got married, didn't they?  It's not like she made a grab for the cash and then dumped him.  They stayed together for fifteen years, and seemed to have a happy marriage."
"I'm sure she was happy.  Traveling all over the country on Edwin's money, doing God knows what with those musicians."
"Well, that's all in the past now, Martin.  Maybe you and your mother should try to make your peace with this.  I think Caulder is ready to put the hard feelings behind her."
"Why?  Because she sent us a box of pictures?"
"It's not only that.  She also wanted me to tell you that if she decides to sell her house, she wants to give you first right of refusal."
"That's my grandparents' house, you know," Martin said huffily.
"No, I didn't know that," Danny said.
"She should give it to us.  It's been in our family for over eighty years, and with Edwin gone, it should be ours again."
"That's not how things work, Martin, and you know it," Danny argued.  "She was Edwin's wife, and now she's his heir.  If he owned it, then it's hers to do whatever she wants with, and I think it's damn thoughtful offer."
The waiter delivered the first dishes of their lunch, and they started eating in silence, letting the tension dissipate.  Martin ate with relish, clearly enjoying the rich, expensive fare.  Danny poked at his salmon, not in the mood for it today.
"The fire at your store must have been devastating to your whole family," Danny said at last.
"You can't imagine," Martin Raines told him.  "Raines Antiquities had been at that same location for nearly seventy years.  Three generations of our family ran the business.  It was like having a limb torn away."
Was it a complete loss?" Danny asked.
"Nothing was saved.  Not a chair, not a table, not a single stick of wood.  The building was very old, and built mostly of wood.  The fire broke out late at night.  They blamed an electrical problem of some kind in the basement.  The fire department took too long, and by the time they did arrive there wasn't much left."  Edwin paused, his features drawn as he relived the incident.  "I cried like a child while I watched three generations of hard work and heritage going up in flames.
"The insurance investigation that followed only made things more painful," he went on.  "Can you imagine anyone believing that a member of our family might have been responsible?"
"I only remember reading about the fire in the newspaper.  I didn't know there was an investigation."
"Oh yes.  It took months, and nearly ruined us financially.  Eventually we were vindicated and our insurance company was forced to pay the full amount.  But all those months with no income were very difficult, especially for mother and me.  I suppose that's one of the reasons why my brother decided to launch out on his own.  I wanted to rebuild at the same location, but he refused to even discuss it."
"He must have had his reasons, I suppose," Danny said.  It was all he could really think of to say.  Caulder had given him quite a different perspective on this situation.  After years of shabby treatment at his brother's hands, Edwin was only too happy to have an excuse to end the partnership.
"That was another disappointment to me," Martin went on.  "I was more than a little surprised.  It seemed almost as if he had been planning it for a long time, and was only waiting for the right time to make his move.  If that's true, the fire certainly was a convenient tragedy."
"You aren't suggesting that he might have had something to do with the fire," Danny said.
"No, of course not," Martin said.  Danny was disturbed by the lack of conviction in his voice.  "But I admit that during the investigation, I sometimes wondered when the investigators revealed that this or that piece of evidence concerned them."  He picked up his champagne glass and drank, looking unhappy as he finished the last of it.  One more and the afternoon would be a wash for him.  "Such stressful times," he went on, "can cause one to consider all sorts of disturbing possibilities.  But Edwin couldn't have done something like that.  Could he?"
"No, he couldn't," Danny said with certainty.
"And not even she..." Martin began.
"Don't even say it, Martin," Danny said guardedly.
Martin Raines caught himself up short, realizing that he had gone too far, said too much.  "Yes, you're right," he said.  "It's preposterous."
They finished their meal in relative silence.  Stirring his food around on his plate while he cast occasional glances in his cmpanion's direction, Danny could almost visibly witness Martin Raines withdrawing, re-erecting the barriers that kept him isolated in his small, safe, bitter world.
As they parted at the door, Danny asked, "What should I tell Caulder about the house?  If she puts it on the market, should she get in touch with you?"
"It would depend on the price, I suppose," Martin offered vaguely.
"But if she sets a price..."
"I'll have to talk to mother about it," Martin Raines told him.  "I'll let you know."
Later, walking east on Madison toward home, Danny wondered whether he had gained any useful information during lunch, or only added new dimensions to the puzzle.
One thing was certain.  Martin Raines' resentment toward both Edwin and Caulder was deep and permanent.  Back in their high school days, Danny could clearly remember the overbearing contempt Martin had displayed for his younger brother, and that had not changed during the intervening years.  Danny imagined how difficult it must have been for Edwin to work under Martin's heavy-handed influence, and he realized the relief Edwin must have felt when he was finally able to break that bond.  But could Edwin have craved his freedom enough to concoct a plan to burn the family business to the ground?  Not likely, Danny thought.
And on Martin's side, what would his reaction have been to Edwin's new found independence?  Bullies were curiously dependent on their victims.  How might he have reacted when his brother rejected his lifelong role of convenient subjugate?  Was he capable of anything more than bitter invective?  Edwin's later success must certainly have been a bitter dram for Martin.
When he reached home, Danny discovered that the pool furniture was gone.  A note from Shelby on the back door explained that she had "borrowed" the furniture for a backyard barbecue party she and Arthur were giving that weekend at his house.  There was no mention of a return date, and Danny knew his chance of being struck by lighting was better than that of ever seeing those chairs and tables again.
It was his own damn fault, Danny realized.  He had changed the locks on the house, garage, and cars, reprogrammed the alarm systems, and had all the downstairs windows burglar-proofed.  But he forgot to change the code on the driveway gate.  This was Shelby's way of letting him know that he was still vulnerable to her marauding.
He wouldn't mention this to Shelby, he decided, and would feign surprise if she brought it up.
The pool furniture?  I thought it was stolen.  I reported it to the police.  Note?  What note?
Childish?  Maybe.  But wasn't that how the game was played?
FOURTEEN
Stirring the Ashes
Danny sat in his office reading the single-page report Will Bishop had given him.  None of the information was particularly surprising.
WRM Corporation, the owner of record for the duplex Edwin shared with Ellie Byrne in Holly Springs, was wholly owned by another similar entity, ECR Corporation.  ECR was a fourteen-year-old Tennessee corporation whose address of record was Edwin's and Caulder's Memphis home.  Danny figured ECR was probably the corporation under which one or both of them conducted their separate businesses.  Nothing unusual about that.
As for the truck driven by the man who tried to intimidate Danny on the courthouse lawn, again no surprises.  His name was Dee Byrne and he lived in a rural community south of Holly Springs.  His blotter included arrests for various minor offenses, including assault, DWI, lewd conduct, hunting out of season, petty larceny, and assaulting a law officer.  He was thirty-eight years old, with no known employment.
This new information only brought Danny back to the central question in this particular thread of the Edwin Raines mystery.  Why had he bought a house in Holly Springs and allowed a woman and her young daughter to share it with him?
Ellie Byrne could answer these questions for him, but it didn't seem likely that she would—not without some convincing.
Danny laid Will's report aside.  He had other matters on his mind this morning, and needed to do a little research on his own.  Turning to his computer, he typed in the URL for the Memphis Commercial Appeal and searched for information about the fire that had destroyed Raines Antiquities two years ago.  Several articles were available, and he pulled up the first one, printed the morning after the fire.  The headline read, "Historic Midtown business destroyed by fire" and the subhead added, "Raines Antiquities a complete loss after early-morning blaze."
The article featured a picture of Martin and Edwin Raines, taken inside their business, obviously before the fire.  They posed in front of one of the old mansion's large marble fireplaces, surrounded by their stock in trade.  Flanking the brothers were several choice antiques, and the wall above the mantle was decorated in a "white hunter" motif, complete with a painting of a stalking lion, crossed African spears, and two large, carved masks representing hideous jungle apparitions.
Danny studied the photo.  Both men had on their best, professional smiles, and the scene spoke of serenity, quality, and dignity.  How different things were now.  Edwin was dead, and Martin lurked in his dim, side-street shop, brooding over ancient animosities as he waited for financial ruin to envelop him.
"I remember that fire," a voice behind Danny offered unexpectedly.  "It's the one that killed Harmonica Joe."
Danny swiveled his seat to see Lottie Batayanga standing just inside the doorway of his office, looking past him to the headline on his screen.
"That's right!" he said.  "I had forgotten about him!"
"I couldn't forget him," Lottie smiled.  "I met him on the street one night, and I was pretty drunk and feeling generous.  I gave him five dollars, and in return, he gave me a La Chardonnais cocktail napkin with Ringo Starr's autograph on it.  I had it framed and hung it on the wall in my den."
"Is it's authentic?"
"I don't know, but Ringo and his wife were in town not long before that.  I never tried to get it authenticated because it would spoil the fun of just having it.  After that fire, they didn't find poor old Joe's remains for days.  He was buried in a corner of the cellar under several feet of charred debris."
Harmonica Joe had been a fixture in Midtown Memphis for as long as Danny could remember.  Ostensibly he was a carpenter, and a fair hand at it when he was sober, so people said.  But whiskey was his first love and its consumption was his primary avocation.  Midtowners were accustomed to seeing his bent, emaciated frame shuffling down the sidewalks and alleys at practically any time of the day or night, and many greeted him by name.  His two trademarks were the scarred old harmonica, which he played badly for anyone who asked, and the fact that he always gave something in return for practically any handout that was offered.  Typically it was no more than a button, a pretty rock, a bent spoon or something equally worthless.  But occasionally, according to local legend, he offered up a gift of surprising value.  Lottie's story about the autographed cocktail napkin was not unique.
But Danny knew that his managing editor had not come to talk about the death of Harmonica Joe when she closed the door and sat down on the couch.
"This looks serious," Danny said with a half smile, rising so he could join her across the room.
"It's time to get something straight between us," Lottie announced in her typically direct fashion.  "What you've been doing lately bothers me."
Danny knew what she was talking about, and he realized he had waited too long to explain the subterfuge he had pulled Will Bishop into.  But he also knew she had come in here to have her say, so he waited to let her go on.
"I don't need to tell you how long I've worked for you, or the number of years I've run this magazine," she began.  Non-confrontational by nature, she forced her gaze to meet his.
"We've been together a long time," Danny confirmed.
"I probably kept your business afloat these past two years.  And not just afloat, but profitable.  I've grown circulation, increased ad revenue, handled your affairs honestly, and made you quite a bit of money."
"Without a doubt, Lottie."
"Are you satisfied with the job I've done?"
"Satisfied is not the word I'd use," Danny said.  "Delighted would be more like it.  Or astounded."
"Then why don't you trust me?" Lottie asked.  For the first time he saw a tiny crack in her armor appear.  Her eyes glistened with barely controlled tears, and her throat constricted.
"I do trust you, Lottie," Danny exclaimed, suddenly shamed, realizing with all the immediacy of a slap what effect his secrecy had been having on her.  "I trust you with everything.  My business, my money, hell, my whole future is in your hands."
"There is another kind of trust.  The kind between friends."  Her eyes cut briefly to the report on his desk, the one she had seen Will give him earlier.
Danny felt his own throat constrict.  "I've been unfair to you, Lottie," he said at last.  "If I had known how much it bothered you...  I'm so sorry."
Her eyes reddened and big tears rolled down her face.  But she refused to acknowledge them by wiping them away.  Her gaze never left his.
"My excuse is that I'm protecting a friend, another friend, from embarrassment," he admitted.  "But I'm not sure how honest that really is.  The truth is, I guess I'm not sure how ethical, or even smart, the things I'm doing lately really are."
He had her interest now.  He could see it on her face.
"But I promise you this," he went on.  "Before you go out that door, I'll tell you everything, even more than I've told Will, and I'll answer every question you have.  All I ask in return is that you not talk about this to anyone.  Not even Will."
Lottie didn't acknowledge the request, and Danny didn't press her.
"It's about Edwin Raines," he went on.  "And the person who could be embarrassed is his wife, Caulder."
"I figured out that much," Lottie told him quietly.  "My guess was that you were looking into his death because you weren't satisfied with the easy answers the police came up with."
"That's part of it," Danny admitted, "but it has more to do with some of the weird things he did before he died.  It's a very strange story."
Danny laid it all out for her, withholding no detail about Edwin's silly disguises, multiple residences, weird friends and housemates, and carefully constructed identities.  Lottie listened raptly, puzzling at some revelations, laughing at others.  She asked many of the same questions he had asked, and suggested some of the same explanations.  But in the end, she could make no more sense of it than Danny had.
When he finished, Lottie's final question was one that he should have expected from her.
"Is there a story somewhere in this for the magazine?"
"I don't know.  Do you see one there?"
"Not without embarrassing Caulder," Lottie admitted.  "And it's actually out of our scope.  Especially the part about Jezebel's and the bikers and the possible drug connection.  And by the way, I don't like the idea of Will working there."
"Neither do I," Danny admitted.  "But he insists."
"So what now?  Do you want me to keep my nose out of it and play dumb?"
"We've moved beyond that point, haven't we?  Maybe you can be my sanity check from time to time."
"I can do that," Lottie said, rising.  In her typical fashion, she had done what she came to do, and now it was time to get back to work.  "But you know me.  Don't come to me with a pile of dung and expect to hear what a great cake you've baked."
At the door she paused and turned back to him a moment.  "The air needed clearing.  Thanks, Danny," she said.
"Sure, Lottie.  And it wasn't as bad as I expected.  When you said you wanted to talk, my biggest worry was that you wanted a raise."
Lottie flipped him off as she passed by the glass partition on the way back to her office.  But her smile let Danny know he was again in her good graces.
Back at his computer, Danny began to go through the newspaper articles about the Raines Antiquities fire in chronological order.
The timing of the fire couldn't have been worse.  When the alarm went off, units from the closest fire stations had already been drawn away by a fire in an abandoned warehouse south of downtown.  The Raines fire burned unchecked for over twenty minutes, long enough for it to spread to every part of the hundred-year-old, three-story Victorian house.
It took fire department investigators three days to discover the charred human remains in the cellar of the house, and for a time the victim remained unidentified.  Interviews with Martin and Edwin Raines indicated that no one had been living in the house, and all their employees were accounted for.  The dead man might have remained forever nameless had not an enterprising reporter mentioned in one of his stories that charred scraps of what looked like a harmonica had been found beneath the crushed, incinerated human fragments.
That same day the newspaper received over sixty calls, mostly from Midtowners, claiming they knew exactly who the dead man was.  Upon investigation, the police learned that Harmonica Joe had not been seen in several days.  Drinking buddies confirmed that he was indeed missing, and that just before his disappearance he had been bragging that he had found a safe warm place to crash for the remainder of the winter months.
As a lark, patrons of Huey's, one of Harmonica Joe's favorite hangouts, collected donations to give him a jazz funeral and to fund his burial in the family plot in Mineral Wells, Mississippi.  The picture of his coffin being driven down Beale Street on a horse-drawn cart, led by the Blues Alley All-Stars, made the front page.
Danny remembered the event, but had somehow forgotten the circumstances of his death.
One final story, buried on an inside page of the newspaper weeks later, revealed that rumors that the fire which destroyed Raines Antiquities might have been started by a homeless man sleeping in the cellar had proved to be false.  Although the fire did originate in the basement, its source was in another area.
There were no follow-up stories about the conclusion of the insurance investigation months later.  Absolution from guilt seldom makes interesting newspaper copy.
It was noon when he finished reading the last of the Commercial Appeal stories about the fire.  Danny shut down his computer and let Fancy know he was leaving.  Then on an impulse, he sat back down and dialed Caulder Raines' office number.  They hadn't spoken for a week and he wasn't sure she was in town.  Caulder answered on the third ring.
"You won't believe this, but I was just thinking about calling you," Caulder said with a laugh. "I put a big T-bone out to thaw this morning, and I'm planning to stop on the way home and get some salad makings.  I thought it might be nice to have you over for a quiet evening."
"There's only one thing a woman could offer me that would interest me more than steak," Danny said.
"And that would be..." Caulder asked.
"Pork chops, of course.  But steak and salad sound great.  What time?"
"Eight should give me time to get things ready.  Or you can come earlier and help out.  Are you any good with a grill?"
"I'm a Southern man," Danny chuckled.  "Do you even need to ask!"
"Okay, make it seven."
"Good.  I want to fill you in on my luncheon with your dear brother-in-law."
"Did he tell you all is forgiven?"
"Not hardly.  But he did get a little tipsy, and he had a lot of other things to say."
"I'm looking forward to seeing you, Danny.  I'm so busy these days that it seems like you're my only friend right now.  I just hope I don't get too clingy."
Danny laughed at that suggestion.  "'Clingy' is not an adjective I would ever use to describe you, Caulder."
When he arrived back at his house, Danny found Carmella fuming with anger.  Shelby had been back to kidnap the barbecue grill, and since there was room on the truck, she also instructed the men with her to load up four enormous potted trees from the patio.  She might have taken even more had not the ever loyal Carmella armed herself with a kitchen knife and threatened to carve up the lot of them if they didn't leave.
Danny thanked the housekeeper for her efforts and assured her that he wasn't upset about the pilfering.
"Your wife, she is muy loco," the woman fumed.
"I can't argue with that, Carmella," Danny said.  "But Shelby bought most of this crap anyway, and she's welcome to haul it away if she wants to.  She thinks the stuff is going to make her happy, but it's going to take a lot more than that."
He took a long nap, a bad habit he was falling into, then paid penance with a run in Overton park.  When he got back home, it was time to shower and dress for his visit to Caulder's.
It wasn't a date, he kept telling himself, although the build-up to the evening felt very much the same.
* * *
Caulder greeted him at her front door with a light peck on the cheek, then led him straight through the house to the back patio.  Unlike his own patio, hers was still fully furnished, and the enticing aroma of hickory smoked filled the air.
"Do you like Sangria?" Caulder offered.  She filled two glasses from a sweat-dappled pitcher and handed him one.  "It's Edwin's recipe, and it's delicious."
Caulder wore a loose, summery outfit.  Her hair was down and she was barefooted.  Danny could not remember ever seeing her dressed so casually, and he liked it.
"The steak is on the sideboard and the coals are looking good, so do your thing, Southern man," Caulder laughed.  "I'll bring the salad out when the steak's ready, and we can eat out here."
Danny took a look at the T-bone, a choice three-pounder, then checked the coals.  They glowed red with just a light powdering of white ash.  Almost ready.
The late afternoon humidity still hung heavy and moist around them, but Caulder had set up an electric fan off to one side to keep the air stirring.  That and the chilled Sangria kept them comfortable.
"So tell me what's been going on with you," Danny said, taking a seat at the table across from his hostess.
"Unslung Heroes is doing very well," she began.  "They're wrapping up a six-city tour on the east coast.  The venues keep getting bigger, and they're selling out everywhere.  These boys have more energy and charisma on stage than any group I've seen in years.  They're making tons of money."
"That's great, Caulder.  Are they managing to hang onto any of it?"
"Besides being good performers, they're surprisingly sensible for a young band.  Beck Henry, the lead guitar, is the natural leader, and he does a good job keeping the others out of trouble.  That's no easy job, what with every roadie offering them a toot, and women mobbing them every time the set foot in public.  "We're keeping their tours short, so they can get back home more often.  The temptations of the road are incredible, and once a musician starts down that road, it's hard to turn back."
They sat for a while, sipping their drinks and chatting about life on the road.  Caulder seemed truly pleased to be home and away from the pressures.  She appeared more relaxed than Danny remembered seeing her since Edwin's death.  Finally he got up and checked the coals, pronounced them ready, and laid the steak across the grill.  Caulder poured refills.
"Now it's your turn," Caulder said.  "Does dear Martin still consider me a money-grubbing slut who ruined his brother's life?"
"Well he didn't lay it all out in exactly those terms," Danny said with a grin, "but to him your relationship with Edwin always boiled down to sex and money.  You supplied one, and a gullible, grateful Edwin coughed up the other."
Caulder just laughed.  "If that had been the case," she pointed out, "then I could have left Edwin years ago.  After Saddle Trash made it, I was making enough money to take care of myself.  But I loved Edwin, and I never thought of leaving him.  He was a good man and a good husband.  God only knows what he was up to this last couple of years.  But even if I knew everything, I don't think it would make me respect his memory any less.
"You're right about Martin and the sex thing," she said.  "Years ago when Edwin and I were still trying to maintain some semblance of a family relationship with his mother and brother, we use to visit them, or have then over here.  Sometimes the way Martin looked at me made my skin crawl.  He might have thought I was a whore, but he would have liked getting in on the action."
"Pretty creepy," Danny said.
"I never took any chances around him," Caulder said.
Danny turned the steak and squirted some water on the coals to calm them down so the meat would cook slower.  The Sangria was cold and delicious, and he was in no hurry to eat.  Returning to the table, he got a pleasant look at Caulder's long brown legs through the glass of the table, and she smiled tolerantly.
"So what did Martin say about the house?" Caulder asked.
"If you put it on the market, he'd like to hear the price.  But whatever it is, I'd be surprised if he could afford it.  I visited his store recently, and it didn't look like business was all that good."
"Well, that's his problem.  I only made the gesture for Edwin's sake."
When the steak was done, Caulder brought out the salad and a pan of hot rolls.  As they ate, Danny continued telling her about his meeting with Martin Raines.
"I don't understand the logic behind it," he said, "but Martin seems to blame Edwin for his recent misfortunes.  He gave me the impression that he ran the show before the fire, but he acts like Edwin's decision to end their partnership was the start of all his problems.  It's doesn’t add up."
"The part he's leaving out is that there's nobody to steal from now," Caulder said.  "When they were partners, Martin kept the books, and he skimmed some off the top before they split the profits.  Edwin knew about it, but he ignored it because Martin was taking care of their mother and he felt like his brother was entitled to a little extra.  I told him he was crazy, because the old woman was already getting a third, supposedly.  But that was their family business.
"He finally drew the line when it came to dividing the insurance settlement.  Martin wanted it all.  He told Edwin that since he left the family business, he wasn't entitled to share.  But he backed off when Edwin vowed to see it all go to lawyers and court costs before he let Martin cheat him.  After all the years of seeing him get the short end of things, I was never more proud of my little guy."
"I can imagine."
"It was a turning point for him, Danny," Caulder said.  "Everything changed after that.  He started his business, and he did well.  Finally it was him who took the buying trips to New York and London instead of Martin.  And he turned his knowledge of stamps and coins and wines into a lucrative sideline.
"He even started going to Casey's Gym," Caulder laughed.  "He exercised off that little gut he'd been working on for the last ten years, and he put on some real muscle.  And his libido...well..."
"Good for him," Danny grinned.  "And I guess that's about the time he got busy with all this other stuff, too.  The apartments and the disguises and all that."
"I suppose," Caulder said.
"Did you get his financial affairs straightened out yet?"
"My accountant is going over it," Caulder said.  " Edwin was always very organized about his business affairs, so it isn't difficult.  Edwin was old-fashioned about some things.  He still believed in personal correspondence instead of email, and he never gave up his IBM Selectric.  But he used a computer for his financial affairs because it was so much easier.  He had everything on diskettes, and when the police were through going them over, I gave them to then accountant."
"What about his other files?  Mostly paper?"
"Yes, and just as well organized as everything else.  He had filing cabinets for all his business files.  And last year he had a closet converted into a walk-in safe.  He kept valuables in there—rare stamps and coins, the most expensive bottles of wine, that sort of thing."
"I wonder if there's anything in those files that might help us," Danny said.
"I don't know," Caulder said.  "The police had a man in there for three days going through his files, and he didn't find anything."
"But he didn't know about Jezebel's, or about Natchez and Holly Springs."
"That's true."
"How would you feel about letting me have a look at Edwin's files?" Danny suggested suddenly.
"Sure, if you think it might help.  I'll give you a set of keys, and you can come over whenever you want and plunder away."
After dinner the mosquitoes drove them inside.  Caulder led Danny to her husband's office, unlocked the door, and went in.
The office was small, but was tastefully outfitted.  Book shelves lined two walls, and wooden-shuttered windows overlooked a small flower garden outside.  On the wall by the door hung a framed Gaughin portrait, possibly an original, of a naked Polynesian woman sitting on a beach.
An antique walnut desk sat on one side of the room, and a dark leather couch was on the other.  Built into the wall behind the desk were two walnut filing cabinets.
"I've never been in here, but it's about the way I would have imagined it," Danny said.  "Cozy and elegant."
"It was his grandfather's office," Caulder explained.  "The desk had been in his family for over a century.  Most of the books and mementoes are his grandfather's, too.  He changed as few things as possible when he moved into the house."
Danny stepped behind the desk and examined the two filing cabinets.  Both were locked, as were the desk drawers.
"Do you have keys to everything?" he asked Caulder.
"Two sets.  The set Edwin carried, and the spare set he kept in the wall safe in the bedroom.  I'll get one for you now."
While Caulder was away, Danny took a first edition of Old Man and the Sea down from the shelf and marveled at Hemingway's signature inside the front cover.
"Here you go," Caulder said, returning.  She gave him a ring with several keys on it.  "There's a back door key on there, too, and a key for the alarm.  It's an old system, the same one his grandparents installed.  We never bothered to have it upgraded."
"So the police have been through all these files?"
"Yes, everything."
"Did they take anything?"
"Not that I know of."
"Then all of Edwin's belongings should be just about where he left them.  That's good."  Danny looked around again, then asked, "Where's the safe?"
"Over there," Caulder said, pointing to what looked like a bank of shelves along the wall.  She crossed the room and pulled on one side of the three-foot shelves.  The unit pivoted into the room on silent, hidden hinges.  Behind it was a heavy metal door with a traditional safe's dial and handle.
"The combination is nine-nine-nine-zero," Caulder told him.  "It's the date Edwin proposed to me.  He really was quite a romantic guy, you know," she added with a wistful smile.
She worked the dial briefly, then levered the handle and pulled the door open.  A light inside went on automatically.  The interior was lined with shelves and racks on three sides, with a three-by-four-foot floor space.  On the back wall were numerous bottles of wine, all cradled horizontally on felt-lined racks, undoubtedly rare vintages.  The shelves on the side walls contained a variety of albums and cases for the rare stamps and coins which were another part of Edwin's stock in trade.  Nothing seemed disturbed, and at first glance, nothing appeared to be missing from the well-ordered shelves.
"Any idea what all this stuff is worth?" Danny asked.
"Quite a bit, I'm sure," Caulder said.  "I plan to have it inventoried and appraised, but I want it to happen while I'm in town for a few days."
"Is any of it designated for Edwin's clients?"
"Not that I know of.  No one has contacted me."
They closed and locked the safe, then the office, and returned to the kitchen.  Caulder poured two mugs of coffee and laced them with an exotic brandy from Edwin's collection.  Taking their drinks, they settled on a couch in the library.
Caulder was pensive.  She sat with her legs curled under her, cradling her mug in her hands, gazing vacantly across the room.
"Does it bother you being here alone?" Danny asked.
"Not really."  Caulder's head turned slowly until her eyes had settled on him.  "I'm not afraid.  Things that are supposed to scare women have never bothered me.  What's hard to deal with is the loneliness.  Not having Edwin anymore, and wondering when, or if, I'll ever have someone in my life again."
It was his moment, Danny realized, if he chose to act on it.  He could reach out.  Touch her.  Hold her.  Console her.  And if she responded, everything else would unfold according to that ancient biological plan.
"Hell, Caulder, a beautiful woman like you..." he began awkwardly.  "In six months or a year..."
Timing was everything at a moment like this, and timing sealed his fate.  They moved at the same instant, he to set his coffee down on a table, she to unfold her legs from beneath her.
It wasn't a bad burn.  He managed to wipe the spilled coffee away with his hand before the heat penetrated deeply into the flesh of her calf.  But half the cup splashed across the leather of the couch, and the other half sprayed across the carpet.
They cleaned up what they could, and Caulder promised to alert the housekeeper tomorrow morning.  She insisted that her leg hardly hurt at all, and explained that she had a wonder drug in her first aid travel kit that would fix things up.  It was kind of funny when you thought about it, she assured him.
Ten minutes later, heading down the front walk toward his car, Danny wondered if, in the realm of fates, there was any such thing as a personal grudge.
FIFTEEN
Country Life
Several ducks competed for the scraps of hamburger bun that Danny tossed into the water.  Beneath them, tiny fish darted about in hungry schools, nipping at the crumbs.  Further out into the lake floated a lone turtle, his blunt beak just breaking the surface of the water, calmly watching the commotion.
Not far away, Whit Skerett opened the lid of the grill to check his coals.  A pall of smoke drifted toward Danny, already teasing his appetite although his father had yet to put any food on the cooking grates.
"Just about ready," Whit declared.  He took a lot of pride in his grill work, and timing was everything to him.  To move a sizzling, perfectly cooked steak or burger straight off the grill onto a hungry guest's plate was, to him, sheer artistry.
Danny turned to look at his father, leaning against the deck rail of the gently rocking boat.  Whit Skerett was lean and tan.  Life on the lake agreed with him.  In his early sixties, he fished almost every morning, and he always had some ambitious project underway, whether it be the building a new greenhouse, replacing rotting timbers on the boat dock, or clearing weeds and brush for a vegetable garden.
Whit picked up his Mountain Dew from a sideboard and came over to sit near his son.  Beyond the chatter of the ducks, the only other sound nearby was the pleasant lapping of the water against the side of the pontoon boat.
"So after all these weeks, you still don't have the faintest idea what your pal Edwin was up to?" Whit asked.
" I know a lot about what he was doing," Danny said.  "But it's the why that's got me baffled."
For the past hour, while helping his father prepare the boat for this evening's cook-out, Danny had explained his discoveries about Edwin Raines' activities in the months before his death.
"I always thought that boy was a little strange," Whit admitted.  "Something about him made me think he had layers deep inside that nobody knew about. But it just made sense that he would be kind of odd.  Hell, his whole family was."
"He was strange, Dad.  But he was also a very good friend to me at a point in my life when I really needed a friend.  That year when I was sick, I don't think I could have possibly stayed up with my school work if Edwin hadn't been there to help me."
"I remember that, son," Whit said.  "Hey deserves your loyalty.  But what can you do for him now?  Maybe there was a good reason why he wasn't telling anybody about what he was doing.  Maybe it's information you shouldn't have."
"I've already decided that if it's anything embarrassing or scandalous, I'll go dead in the water and keep it to myself.  Forever.  But I've got an idea that it's something else, not just some secret perversion or strange, unexplained whimsy.  I have a feeling that if I can begin tying a few loose ends together, it will start making sense."
"And what does his wife think of this quest of yours?"
Danny took a drink from his beer as he considered that question.  "I think she's losing interest," he admitted.  "If I could come up with real proof that Edwin's murder wasn't just a random killing, she'd probably be more interested.  But she's afraid of what else I might come up with.  She's a strong woman.  She grieved for her dead husband in her own way, but now she's ready to get on with her life.  Big opportunities are coming her way, and I guess she's justified in wondering what impact a startling revelation about Edwin might have on her business."
"Can't blame her for that," Whit said.  "But if she's losing interest, why don't you just stop?  Looks to me like you've taken things about as far as they can go.  And he wasn't your husband, for heaven's sake.  He was just your pal from a long time ago."
"I'm not sure, Dad.  Maybe it's because it's so damned interesting," Danny admitted.  "It's like a challenge or something.  Or maybe a quest, like you said.  I'm dying to know what in the hell was going on with this guy.  After hearing what I've told you, doesn't it make you curious?"
"Sure, but not curious enough to spend the kind of time and money you've put into it."
"Well, I've got the money, and the time."
"Uh-huh.  And that might be an entirely different problem if you took a hard look at it."  Whit Skerett went back to his grill and raised the lid again.  Clouds of smoke like Indian signals rose from the enclosure and dissipated in the air around him.
Danny left his father's last remark unchallenged.  That was a foray into territory they had covered before, and he knew there was no use getting into it again.  Whit had opposed Danny's decision to hand over the day-to-day management of his magazine to Lottie Batayanga, believing that his son should have just toughed it out.  And try as he might, Danny's father had never been able to take Danny's marriage to Shelby seriously.  He had seen, like almost everyone else, that Shelby had no true commitment to the marriage.  She was in it for the luxuries and good times that Danny's money provided.  But he was also wise enough not to openly oppose the marriage.  Danny was in love, and Whit knew that could turn any man into a blundering idiot.
"So how serious is it between you and this woman I'm here to meet?" Danny asked.  "Has either of you said the L-word yet?"
"She has," Whit grinned, "but considering what we were up to at the time, it might not count."
"Jeez, Dad.  I didn't need to know that," Danny complained.  Yet it pleased him to know his father wasn't too old for an occasional conquest.
"I can't say it's actually getting serious between us," Whit explained, "but we've been seeing each other for over two months, and neither one of us has started looking for the door yet.
"You'll understand when you meet her, son.  Jewell is just different than any of the women I've met since I moved down here to Sardis.  She's got a lot of energy and enthusiasm for life.  She loves to go places and do things, and she doesn't want to just sit around and talk about how bad her feet hurt and what a wonderful man her dead husband was.  She loves to fish, too, and she cleans her own catch."
"I guess you're smitten, Dad.  I'm happy for you.  I know you love living here on the lake, but it's bound to get lonely sometimes.  I worry more about that than I do about you falling off the dock or whacking off something with a chain saw."
"I don't know where it's going, Danny, but I want you two to meet.  I've already told her all about you."
"I'm sure you have."
Danny got another beer while his father fussed over the coals.  Whit was dying to start cooking, but didn't want to put anything on the grill until his guests started arriving.
Finally they heard the sound of car doors closing from the direction of the road.
Up the hill about fifty feet away was the "cabin" as Whit like to call it.  The house was built of cedar logs, but it bore little resemblance to a true log cabin.  It had a large, modern kitchen, an enormous den, and four spacious bedrooms on the second floor, enough space for the flock of grandkids that Danny had yet to give him.  The side facing the lake was mostly glass, with a spacious cedar deck.
Whit Skelton was in his fifth year of retirement.  The well-invested profits from the sale of his small boutique recording company provided him with enough money to live comfortably, and he claimed the only things he missed about Memphis were being near his only son, and a few of his favorite bars and restaurants.
But Sardis Reservoir was an easy one-hour drive south from Memphis into Mississippi, so it wasn't as if he had left all that behind forever.  Danny came down for a fishing weekend several times a year, and it wasn't uncommon for Whit to appear late at night, unannounced, at his son's house, looking for a bed after an evening in some of his favorite Memphis haunts.
Gazing up the hill, they watched the new arrivals come around the side of the house and followed the stone walkway down to the dock.  The first guests were two women.  One was tall and big-bosomed, with a mass of flaming red hair piled high on her head.  She wore an orangish-red sun dress that matched her hair, and she carried a wine bottle in each hand.
The woman with her was equally tall, but younger and not as full-figured and flamboyant.  Her brown hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and she wore khaki shorts and a sleeveless top.
Danny and Whit met them at the rail as they stepped across from the dock to the boat.  Beaming with pleasure, Whit made the introductions.  The new light of his life, it turned out, was named Jewell Lanier.
"Goodness gracious!  You're just as handsome as your daddy!" Jewell exclaimed.  Her voice was slightly shrill, and oozed Southern charm like butter on a hot biscuit.  She enveloped him in a hug that nearly took his breath away.  "And this is my daughter, Liz Hubbard.  I convinced her to come along and try one of Whit's world famous cheeseburgers."
"Pleased to meet you," Danny said.  He held out his hand and Liz gave it an impersonal pump.  As their eyes met, Danny saw that both of them were thinking the same thing.  It was a set-up.
"Okay, enough formalities," Whit announced.  "You ladies need to get some drinks.  I know what you're having, Jewell," he said, taking the bottles from her, "but how about you, Liz?"
"I'll have wine, too," Liz told him.  "If mother drinks both of those bottles by herself, we'll be hauling her back up that hill in a wheelbarrow later."
"Let's worry about later when later comes," Jewell declared.
More guests began to arrive, and soon the deck of the boat was filled with people.  For something to do, Danny tried to help his dad, but Whit had prepared well, and it was obvious that Jewell now claimed the role of hostess.  Soon they were squabbling over unimportant details like an old married couple.
It was an older crowd, and Danny knew only a few of the guests.  Liz Hubbard, on the other hand seemed to know everyone, and chatted comfortably as she sipped Merlot from a plastic cup.  She must live somewhere in the area, Danny decided.  She had a subdued, attractive smile, and unlike her mother, spoke with less of a North Mississippi twang.
Jewell Lanier, his father had told him, was the widow of a local land developer who died of a stroke several years before.  Whit had never mentioned anything about her having children, though, and had certainly not said anything about an apparently-single daughter who happened to be about Danny's age, and might show up at the cookout tonight.
He would have to have a word with his dad about this, although he felt sure Jewell put him up to it.
But at least, if he had read her expression correctly when they first met, Liz Hubbard was no more prepared for this than Danny, which somehow made things less awkward.  At least she didn't come here with any expectations.
Watching Liz from several feet away, it was impossible to tell much about her figure beneath her loose clothing.  It was the kind of outfit a woman wore when she wasn't advertising.  But if the sight of her slim, tanned legs was any clue, the rest of her probably fell well within the range of acceptability.
As Danny's gaze return to Liz Hubbard's face, he realized she had turned and caught him checking her out.  The expression on her face was a mix of curiosity and mild annoyance.
Embarrassed, Danny tried a smile, then let it fade when she did not return it.  She took one of the wine bottles, refilled her cup, and turned away.
That was all the information Danny needed.  Sometimes there were good reasons why a single woman was single.
For the next half hour Danny made a studied effort to keep some distance between him and Liz Hubbard, and to not let his eyes stray in her direction even briefly.  He struck up conversations with a succession of guests, working the tried-and-true themes of lake life, the weather, boats, and crappie fishing.  Finally he got a plastic plate, prepared a bun with all the fixings, and accepted an enormous, sizzling hamburger patty from his father.  He settled at in a chair beside Jewell Lanier.  Making conversation with her was easy.  She had plenty to say.
Midway through a second burger Danny realized that trying to finish two of these monsters was folly.  At his first opportunity, when Jewell momentarily diverted her attention to the couple on her left, he rose and went over to the big trash container by the dock.  He deposited his plate of leftovers, then just kept walking on down the dock.  He strolled along the lake shore a few dozen yards until he reached the point where yard met woods, then stepped behind a tree to take a leak.
Returning to the party, he noticed his father's canoe pulled up on the bank near the dock.  It would be nice to get out on the water at night.  The sky was clear and bright, and a breeze from the northwest kept the mosquitoes at bay.  He checked the canoe for paddles and lifejackets, then pushed it onto the water.
"You must be getting as bored as I am," a voice announced from nearby.  "Is it big enough for two?"
Danny was surprised to see Liz Hubbard a few feet away.  "Sure, come on."
He held the teetering canoe while Liz stepped in and sat down, then climbed in himself.  A couple of paddle strokes moved them clear of the dock and the pontoon boat.
Neither of them spoke as Danny pointed the canoe toward the middle of the inlet where his father's home was located.  Soon the pontoon boat was a retreating oasis of party lights along the dark, tree-lined shore.  The water's surface was dark and calm, but a three-quarter moon provided enough light for navigation.
"I want you to understand that I didn't know anything about this," Liz said at last.
"About what?" Danny asked, feigning ignorance.
"About tonight.  You.  Me.  The setup."
"Neither did I," Danny said.  He didn't really want to talk about it.  "I thought I was coming down to meet Dad's new girlfriend.  I didn't know they were conspiring."
"Well, in case you're wondering, I don't have any expectations.  You're not my type."
"I feel the same," Danny said, "so I guess we understand each other."  Actually he didn't know whether she might be his type or not.  He had never spent much time thinking about what his type might be.  Most attractive women seemed to be his type, at least for the short term.
"We do indeed," Liz said matter-of-factly.
Danny stopped rowing, letting the boat drift forward.  A ripple of sudden laughter from the party floated across the water toward them, sounding strangely distant.
Liz was staring into the darkness, and Danny risked giving her another examination.  The moonlight twinkled in her eyes and made her skin glow softly.  She seemed to know he was looking at her, but she allowed it now, perhaps even enjoying it.
"My mother worries about me being single," Liz said.  "Around here people don't know what to make of a woman who doesn't have a man and doesn't want one.  They can never decide whether someone like me is nuts, or a lesbian, or just your garden variety man-hater.  But to hell with 'em.  That's where I'm at right now, and it feels damned good."
"I'm happy for you," Danny said.  "I can't remember the last time I felt damned good about where I was."
A patrolling owl glided in a slow circle above their canoe, checking them out, then drifted away toward the wooded shore and more promising hunting grounds.  Danny considered how long it had been since he had been out like this, away from the sights and sounds and smells of the city.  Surrounded by forest, with the dark blue sky above and the dark still water below, the problems and responsibilities of his life seemed far away.
" Did you grow up in this part of the country?" Danny asked.
"I lived right here in Sardis, Mis'sippi until I finished high school," Liz explained, affecting an authentic local drawl, "and then I left to attend the University of Missouri.  As things turned out, I stayed in Missouri for nearly twenty years, and just move back about three years ago."
Danny did some quick math.  18 plus 20 plus 3.  That would make her just two or three years old than him.  He guessed that a marriage had kept her away, and a divorce had brought her back.  But her ringless fingers offered no clue.
"So what do you do with yourself now that you're back home?"
"My main job is being a mom to my eleven-year-old daughter," she said.  "But I also run a greenhouse at the edge of town.  I don't make much, but it pays the grocery bills and gives me something to pass the time.  Mom works with me sometimes now that Sam is gone.  Or at least she did, before she met Whit."
"How long since your father died?" Danny asked.
"My father passed away fourteen years ago.  His name was Nathaniel Wallace, and he was a county court judge.  Later mom married Sam Lanier and they were together for ten years.  He died two years ago.  By coincidence, both of them died suddenly of massive strokes.  I just hope it's not a trend in Mom's life."
"If you mean my dad, I wouldn't worry about it.  He's healthier than I am," Danny said.
"That's good," Liz laughed, "because from all I can tell, they've been going at it lately like a couple of rabbits."
"I got the same impression," Danny admitted.  "Dad couldn't resist letting me know that he was back in the game.  Doesn't it shock you, at least a little?  I mean, people their age?"
"They're lucky," Liz said.  "By the time most people reach that age, all of that is just sweet, fading memories.  When I reach sixty-eight, I hope I've still got as much fire left in my furnace as my mother does."
"How would that work for a woman who doesn't have a man and doesn't want one?" Danny asked.  "There are alternatives, I suppose... "
"You are a nosy one, aren't you?" Liz said.
"You brought it up."
Danny began paddling again, steering the boat in a wide arc back toward the dock and the party.  Somewhere out on the dark surface of the lake a fish splashed up out of the water.  Once when he was a boy fishing with his grandfather at Tunica Cutoff, a bass leaped right into the boat with them.  It weighed four pounds, and tasted wonderful that night at supper.
"My mother will expect a full report when we get back," Liz said.  "I think I'll make up some lurid details."
"I'm not sure that will work," Danny said.  "Not with us in this tipsy little canoe, and in plain sight the whole time.  The most we could probably get away with without tipping over is holding hands."
"I suppose.  And it would only give her false hope."
"When there is, indeed, no hope whatsoever."
"None."
"And not even my charm and wit, as well as this romantic boat ride on a moonlit lake, would convince you otherwise?"
"Oh pleeeease."
When they reached the bank, Liz got out and headed for the dock, calling back only a clipped "thanks" over her shoulder.
* * *
"She was married to some fellow up in St. Louis," Whit Skerett explained.  "One of those big-shot corporate sharks who kept his golf clubs in the trunk and his nose full of toot.  Her preference was pain pills."
Whit had started making Danny an omelet, but had aborted the operation halfway through, and was now stirring up a skillet of scrambled eggs with onions, ham, green peppers and cheese.  Whit's own morning preference was oatmeal and brown toast, but Danny felt like he needed something more substantial.
"The way Jewell tells it, he was some kind of type-A ass-kicker who spent all day abusing his employees, and then came home and did pretty much the same to the wife and kid."
"She doesn't strike me as the kind to put up with much of that," Danny noted.
"Well, maybe not now, but I guess it took a lot of work to get her from there to here.  She had 'the good life.'  All the stuff you get with enough money, and if she had to put up with some shit to keep it, well, it was worth the cost, wasn't it?"
Whit slid the eggs onto a plate that already held two slices of toast and several strips of bacon.  Danny took the plate over to a table overlooking the lake.
"Jewell really doesn't know everything," Whit went on, "but one afternoon about three years ago Liz showed up at her house with her daughter and a couple of suitcases.  She was beat to hell, and so strung out that she had trouble putting a complete sentence together.
"The next morning Jewell checked Liz into a private rehab clinic in Oxford, and her husband Sam turned his lawyers loose on the bastard Liz was married to.  They kept her in there three months, and by the time she came out, she was divorced and had enough money in a local bank account to keep her and her daughter comfortable for years."
"That explains a lot," Danny said.
"Like what?" Whit asked.
"It explains why she kept trying to convince me how great it was to be alone and single.  I wasn't showing any interest in her, but she was determined to push me away anyway."
"She just scared."
"I don't know about scared," Danny said.  "But scary?  Definitely!"
Whit refilled their coffee cups, then took a seat across the table from his son.  An early riser, he had finished his own breakfast long before Danny got up.
"And by the way, Dad.  What were you thinking when you bought into the plan to try to set me up with a woman like that?  Like I don't have enough headaches already!"
"Sorry, son," Whit said sheepishly.  "I knew you wouldn't like it, but Jewell kept insisting.  Hell, it seems like that woman can talk me into damn near anything.  She's got some kind of power over me or something.  And I don't care."
”I know exactly what kind of power she's got over you, Dad," Danny grumbled.
Whit Skerett just grinned over the rim of his coffee mug.  And Danny grinned back.  He was happy for the old goat.
SIXTEEN
Squeezing the Lemon
Danny entered Holly Springs more cautiously this time.  The white Mercedes was too recognizable, so he opted for his old Nova instead, and he dressed down.
The woman met him at the door, not seeming to recognize him in his ball cap, sunglasses, faded cotton shirt, and jeans.  Squinting into the early afternoon sun, she gazed at Danny with a look of sullen disinterest.  "Yes?" she said.
"Ellie Byrne?" Danny asked.
"Who's askin'?" she replied, caution taking the upper hand.
"My name is Danny Skerett, and I'm here representing the owner of this house," he told her.  "The new owner."
"Wait!  Ain't you that man that was here last week?  The one that tried to molest my little girl?"
"I don't know what you've been telling people,” Danny told her, "but you and I know that's a lie.”
"You can tell it to the Sheriff's department, mister, 'cause that's who I'm fixin' to call.  Maybe a few days in jail with the drunks an’ preverts will keep you from botherin' me."
"Call him," Danny challenged.  "And see if you can get the high sheriff himself to come on by.  I need his advice about how to start eviction proceedings against you."
That one word—eviction—drained the color from her face and the bluster from her voice.  She looked like she had been slapped.  Danny wondered for a moment if she might start crying.
"Or you can calm down," he went on, "and we'll have a quiet talk inside.  You don't have anything to worry about if you just talk to me."
The woman did not speak, staring blankly at him.  She raised an uncertain hand and unlatched the screen door, then stepped back to let him enter.  She sat down on a broken-down couch covered with a dingy bed sheet.  A sweating soft drink bottle and an ash tray full of butts sat on the table beside her.  She picked up the TV remote and switched off some court TV show.
Danny removed his sunglasses and sat down in a wooden chair near the door.  The room was dim and stuffy, rank with stale cooking odors and cigarette smoke.  An oscillating fan stirred the air, but did little to ease the damp afternoon heat.
"You are Ellie Byrne, aren't you?" Danny asked finally.
"That's my name," she confirmed.  "But you can't evict nobody out of this house.  My friend owns it, and he told me I can live here long as I want."
"That's one of the things I need to talk to you about," Danny told her.  The hardest part of his mission was at hand.  "I'm sorry to have to tell you, Mrs. Byrne, but your friend, Chet Wilder, is dead.  He was killed a few weeks ago in Memphis."
"Un uh!  You're lyin'!" Ellie Byrne said flatly.  "I don't know what you're up to, but Chet ain't dead.  You're a lyin' dog to come in here and tell me something like that!"
"It's been a long time since he's been around, hasn't it?  Way too long?"
"Well...yes."  The certainty and challenge dissipated from her voice.  "But he always comes back."
"I'm not lying, Ellie," Danny told her quietly.  "I'm very sorry, but he won't be coming back this time.  He was shot dead on the street.  The police think it was a mugging, but they aren't really sure."
"Oh no!  Oh God!" she murmured.  As reality settled over her, her head sagged to her chest and big tears coursed down the side of her nose.  "What are we gonna do now?"
Danny let her settle into her grief, glad that she hadn't fallen completely apart.  He hadn't known what to expect, but he had anticipated something much worse.
Ellie Byrne was a drab, plump woman with straight brown hair and no makeup.  She wore jeans cut off to mid thigh, and a loose jersey with a washed-out "Thirsty Wolf Saloon" imprint.  She was probably pretty when she was younger, before hard living and extra pounds had tracked and padded her features.  Reflexively she took a cigarette from the pack on the table, lit it shakily, and wiped the tears away with the back of a hand.
"I don't know what to say," she told Danny at last.  "Me and Misty depend on Chet.  For this house, for money...for everything!  If he's dead, I don't know what's to become of us."
"Maybe I can help you figure some of that out," Danny offered, "but only if you help me, too.  I have a power of attorney to represent Chet's estate, including this house and everything he owns here, so we can probably work something out.  If you cooperate, that is."  He did in fact have a power of attorney drawn up by his lawyer and signed by Caulder just that morning.  It empowered him to represent her interests regarding WRM Holdings, although neither of them had any real idea of what those holdings might be, or what form that representation might take.  He wasn't anxious to show her the piece of paper, however, because it bore Edwin's real name, as well as Caulder's.
"Cooperate how?"  The guarded look crept back into Ellie's expression.
"I need two things from you," Danny explained.  "I need you to tell me about this arrangement you had here with Chet..."  he almost said "Edwin" before he caught himself.  "...and I need you to keep everything we talk about confidential.  I don't want some big brute coming after me again as soon as I walk out the door."
"You mean my brother Dee, I guess.  He's still hot about that stun gun thing at the courthouse," Ellie said.  "He says the next time he sees you he’s going to stick the damned thing up your hind end and leave on."
"Well they brought it with them when they came after me," Danny said.  "His squirrelly little sidekick missed me and zapped your brother!  Now how stupid is that?"
"They didn't tell me that part," Ellie said.  "But it sounds like them two.  Neither one's got sense enough to spit downwind."  A hint of a smile crossed her face, then faded quickly.  "So what is it you want to know?"
"Let’s start with how you and your daughter came to be living here with Chet Wilder," Danny suggested.
"She ain’t my daughter, not actually, although she calls me 'mama."  She's my sister Pam's girl, but since Pam died about four years ago, I've been raising her up."
"Okay.  Same question.  How did you end up here with Chet?"
"Well, before we moved in here, Misty and me was in a real bad spot.  I'd lost my job at the pallet factory, and then I got kicked out of my place for not paying the rent.  I'd lost might near everything I had, including my car.  The court was about to take Misty away from me 'cause things was so bad, and I didn't have no money for a lawyer or nothin'.  For a while we was staying in Dee's garage, cooking on a Coleman stove and sleeping on the seats of an old Dodge.  I never knew when Dee or Cleve or some other low-life would start sniffing around Misty, and maybe do something awful to her before I could stop them.  It was real bad for us, and getting' worse.
"Anyway, Chet had bought this house, but he needed somebody to clean and watch over things when he was out of town.  I heard about the job from a lady at the grocery and came to talk to him.  He hired me on the spot.  Then when he found out how hard things was for me and Misty, he let us move into the front half of his house, which was empty anyway 'cause he was livin' in back.
"I figured once we were in, he'd be wanting more than just house cleaning and meals, if you know what I mean.  But if that's what it took to have a decent place to live, I didn't mind.  Hell, I spent so many years givin' it away to no count boyfriends and strangers, at least here I'd be gettin' something back."
"So was that what he expected?"
"No, not ever.  It took a while for me to get it through my thick head that Chet Wilder was just a kind man who only wanted to help us out.  I never met nobody like him before.  Seems like everybody always wants somethin'.  You know?"
"How long have you been living here?" Danny asked.
"Eight, maybe ten, months.  Since last October, however long that is," Ellie said.  "Chet was gone most of the time, off selling and such.  But when he came back, it was like Christmas.  We was almost a family or something.  He'd bring Misty and me little presents, and I'd cook for him.  Chicken and dumplings was his favorite, but he liked my fried chicken and my pork chops, too.  After dinner he'd sit around helpin' Misty with her homework while I cleaned up.  It was just like a family.  He was teaching her how to talk right so when she got out of here she wouldn't sound like a hick or somethin'.  And he was teaching her French, too.  She loved that."
"But he never wanted anything, uh, special, from you?"
"Never.  I'd of given it to him, 'specially after I got to know him and saw what a sweet little guy he was.  I'd of liked to do that for him.  But he never gave me a chance.  I ain't pretty no more, so I guess he wasn't interested."
"Maybe he had other reasons," Danny suggested.  "Maybe he thought it wouldn't be right, not with the girl here."
"Yeah, maybe."
"Did Chet ever tell you why he decided to buy a house in Holly Springs?" Danny asked.
"Not in so many words.  But I always figured he needed a place of his own, what with all the travelin' he done.  And he liked being with me and Misty.  'Specially with Misty.  He said he never had no children, so he took to her right away."
Danny's eyes strayed to a photo of the girl on a nearby bookcase.  It was a school picture, complete with a spilt rail to lean on and a phony backdrop of a woodland scene.  All sorts of possibilities raced through his head, but none seemed plausible, or even possible.  The wild notion that Misty might somehow be his real daughter seemed too far-fetched to even consider.
"Is the curly red hair real, or just something she wanted to try out?" Danny asked.
"It's hers alright.  Runs in the family.  Pam's hair was just like that.  Me, I was stuck my whole life with mousy brown hair as straight as straw."
Ellie Byrne fell silent, and when Danny looked at her, he saw that her eyes glistened with tears.  "Oh lordy!  How am I going to tell her that Chet's never comin' back?  He was like her daddy.  He was the only man who ever treated her decent."
Her words hit Danny hard.  Until now he had just been playing a detective game.  Find all the clues, fit them together correctly and you win a prize.  Everybody will think you're a bright boy, and maybe the Widow Caulder will be so grateful that she'll give you a tumble.  Until now he had kept himself emotionally uninvolved.  In other places with other people it was enough to let them believe whatever they wanted about Edwin's disappearance.  It didn't matter, as long as he got the information he wanted and waltzed away with another puzzle piece.
But what was going on in this room was real life in all its raw, painful reality.  Telling Ellie Byrne about Edwin's death was a means to an end, leverage.  But he never considered the consequences on her and her niece.  They were real people, and the pain of their loss was real.
"Look Ellie," Danny said.  "I don't know what's going to happen now, but I can promise you won't get kicked out of this place on a moment's notice.  You can stay here for now, and if the owner decides to sell the house, I'll help you find someplace else to live.  You and your niece aren't going to end up sleeping on car seats again."  His offering seemed inadequate, but it was all he had to give them now.
"That's nice of you," Ellie conceded, "but it was like I was telling you before.  We depended on Chet for everything.  Absolutely everything.  Having a roof over our heads is a good thing, but you can't eat a roof.  And a roof might keep the rain out, but it won't keep anybody from shutting the electric off.  I've been out of money for two weeks, eating mostly out of the garden, and hoping and praying every day that Chet would show back up and take care of a few things."
Danny took out his wallet and laid five hundred dollars on the coffee table.  "How long that will last you?" he asked.
"No, I wasn't askin'," Ellie protested.  "I got no right to ask, 'specially after the way I treated you the last time you was here."  But her eyes were fixed longingly on the money.
"Take it and don't feel bad.  Chet would be happy that I'm helping you," Danny said.  "Just pretend it's from him."  And it would be.  He had hundreds of dollars from Edwin's various stashes of cash, and he could think of no better use for it.
"If I was careful, this would get us through the rest of the summer," Ellie said tentatively.  "It would give me time to look for a job and make a few plans."
"Then you should take it."
"Thank you don't seem like enough, but it's all I got to offer right now.  Will we see you again?"
"I think so," Danny told her.  "I might want to come back and go through his things.  Give me your phone number, and I'll call first next time."  She did, and he wrote it down.
"Just be careful about Dee if you come around again," Ellie warned.  "He stops by here sometimes and has me cook for him.  He'd hurt you bad if he got the chance.  Shoot, he'd hurt me too if he knew you'd been here.  He might be my own brother, but that don't mean I ain't scared of him.  He's yard dog mean."
"Let's just make sure he doesn't find out, then."
Danny heard voices outside and glanced out the door.  Ellie Byrne's niece was in the driveway chatting with a neighbor.
"Should I stay while you tell her?" Danny asked.  "I'm not sure I'd be much help, but I'll stay if you like."
"I don't think so," Ellie Byrne told him.  "I don't think I'll even do it now.  There ain't no hurry anymore, is there?"
* * *
Back at home Danny showered, changed, and headed back out to a local eatery for a self-indulgent dinner of steak, salad, fries and pie.  He was home again by nine, and went straight to bed.
The ringing telephone rudely intruded into the deep, luxurious place sleep had taken him.  Through hazy eyes, Danny tried to decipher the numerals on his bedside clock.  Two something.  Moonlight spilled in through the French doors, bathing the room in a pale surrealistic glow.
"Allo?"  His voice sounded muffled, as coming from a prisoner in a nearby room.
"Oh lover, I'm so glad you're there!  Are you alone?"
"Yuh..."
"I need you so bad tonight, baby!  Can I come over?  I just need you to hold me.  Please, Danny!  I need somebody.  That bastard told me..."
It was Shelby.
He fumbled the phone back into its cradle.  Delicious sleep reclaimed him in a heartbeat.
SEVENTEEN
A Call from Lamont
Danny had tried to teach Carmella the basics of Southern cooking, but she simply couldn't resist spicing things up.  This morning the scrambled eggs were swathed in hot salsa, and the sausage gravy on his two thick biscuits contained enough pepper to risk spontaneous combustion.  Cold milk and Tums were the only known antidotes for his housekeeper's cuisine.
Across the kitchen Carmella was giving someone unrelenting hell on her cell phone in rapid-fire Spanish, cradling the phone at her neck as she put away plates and glasses out of the dishwasher.  Occasionally she turned to Danny and rolled her eyes, as if the person on the line must be the stupidest creature ever born.  It had to be Carlos, her twenty-year-old son.
Danny read the morning paper as he ate, trying to concentrate as the Hispanic woman raged and stormed nearby.
Rising early, he planned to put in a full day at the magazine.  Lottie had scheduled two meetings that required his presence, one with their accountant, and another with the editorial staff.  Recently Lottie had been pushing to add more investigative features, but Danny remained reluctant to stray too far from the local color and area entertainment formula that had made the magazine successful.  It wasn't so much that he opposed the idea hard news content in the magazine, but local surveys had repeatedly shown that when a reader picked up a copy Bluff City Beat, they were looking for information about local restaurants and clubs, as well as short, entertaining features about people and events in the West Tennessee area.  The Beat did run hard news features from time to time when the story was timely and interesting, but only if it was an exclusive.
Beat covers featuring charming river scenes and cityscapes, fine food well prepared and elegantly presented, and interesting, beautiful people (especially interesting, beautiful woman), were all proven sellers on area magazine racks.
Over by the sink, Carmella shouted a final shrill rebuke, folded her cell phone angrily, and slammed it on the counter.  She left the room, hissing Spanish invective under her breath.
Parenting was the same in every land and culture, Danny mused, and it was seldom easy.
The top half of the front page was dominated by a headline story and a large color photo of clear-cut forests in the eastern portion of the county, the work of rampaging contractors who seemed to hate trees as much as they loved the quick profits from their cookie-cutter suburbs.  He imagined that photo on the cover of River City Beat, and drew a mental image of puzzled readers in full flight to the competition.
Something crashed toward the front of the house, but Danny didn't go investigate.  It was better not to know.
Below the front page fold of the newspaper was a story about a local politico who was holding a fish fry in a Midtown park to raise money for his mounting criminal defense expenses.  In the bottom left corner was a small filler about a drug bust in Mississippi.  His eyes swept over it, then something registered and he looked back.  The bust was yesterday in Natchez.  The story was continued on page 9.
Curious, he opened the newspaper and read the rest of the story.  State and federal agents had cooperated on the bust, reputed to be a large one.  What drew his attention like a magnet were the names of two of the arrested suspects--Nelda Hutsinger, 47, and her sister, Charmaine Hutsinger, 51.  Along with two men whose names Danny didn't recognize, they had been caught with a large quantity of marijuana, cocaine and methamphetamines.  The estimated street value was in the six-figure range.
Danny's mind reeled as he considered this startling revelation.  Was it a simple coincidence that two of the people Edwin Raines had been close to in Natchez turned out to be drug dealers?  It didn't seem likely.
But was it any more likely that Edwin was somehow involved in it with them?  No.  All that left was the weird supposition that he had played some part in the investigation of their activities.  But the picture of Edwin functioning as an undercover narc was as humorous as it was preposterous.
This was perhaps the most bizarre turn of events in an investigation that had been nothing but confusing, unpredictable, and downright comical from the moment he walked up those stairs to a dingy, one-room apartment above a beer joint over two months ago.  Anything was possible, he realized.
Danny read the story again, then tore it from the newspaper and added it to the odd scraps of clues accumulating in his office.
Another trip to Natchez lay ahead.  But not today.  Today belonged to Lottie Batayanga.
* * *
A storm blew in overnight.  Rain pelted Danny the next morning as he tossed his suitcase into the Nova.  Traffic was dismal on East Parkway, and it took half an hour to make the short drive south to I-240.  Things were even worse on the interstate.  Where four lanes narrowed to three, a semi had crowded a SUV off onto the median.  The SUV had rolled several times before stopping, wheels up, in a runoff ditch.  Police cars and emergency vehicles lined the shoulders, and every passing driver strained to get a glimpse of the wreckage.
Conditions didn't improved until he crept forward to the I55 South turnoff, where the thick morning traffic was moving at a less slugging rush-hour pace.  The number of cars thinned as he crossed the state line into Mississippi.  Soon the thunderstorm began to obligingly wane.
His cell phone began ringing and he answered it.
Caulder's voice sounded distant and tired.  "Danny?  I'm sorry I didn't call sooner, but we had some trouble here last night.  There was a crush at one of the gates before the concert, and two young girls got some broken ribs."
"Sorry to hear that," Danny told her.  "Where's 'here'?"
"Seattle.  It's a two-night stopover, then the guys head to Los Angeles to play Friday night.  Both concerts are sell-outs."
It was news that should have been exciting, but Caulder's voice was even.  "After LA they go to San Diego, then they're taking a few days off while the trucks carry the sets to Phoenix.  I'm coming back to Memphis then."
"You sound like you could use some rest."
"I could, but it's not going to happen.  Too much work is piled up on my desk.  So what's up?"  Danny got the feeling from her tone that his call was an annoyance, but he wrote it off.
"I'm just starting out for Natchez," Danny said
"Why are you going again so soon?" she asked him.  "Didn't you find out all you could the first time you went?"
"There's been a new development there," Danny said.  "You know the two sisters I met down there?  Edwin's barroom buddies?  They've been arrested on drug charges."
"Damn!  I was afraid Edwin might be mixed up in something like that!  It was all just too weird to be legitimate!"
"We don't know that he was mixed up in it," Danny reasoned.  "We don't know anything yet.  I'm just going to try and find out more about these two women and what's been going on down there."
Caulder gave a long, audible sigh.  "Then maybe this is a good time to talk to you about something that's been on my mind lately.  You've been a wonderful friend to me through this whole ordeal.  I can't imagine how much time and money you've spent trying to make some sense out of this mess.  But..."
Danny knew what was coming next.
"I'm beginning to think it might be better if we never know the truth.  Let's face it.  You've taken this to the fringes of some very ugly stuff, and Edwin might have been right in the middle of it.  If I knew everything, I might end up hating him."
"But what if it led to who killed him?" Danny asked.  "Wouldn't that make it worthwhile?"
"I suppose.  But how likely is it that that we'll ever know that?  The trail's gone cold, Danny.  And as time passes, even if you did stumble across the truth, it might just be another big mess that I'd have to deal with."
A silent moment passed.  The word "stumble" jabbed Danny like a hatpin.  He waited.
"I think it's time to end it, Danny," Caulder said finally.  "I want to pull the plug."
"Alright, that's what we'll do then."
"So you won't go to Natchez?"
"I guess not."
"I'm not sure I like the way you said that, Danny.  Tell me you're going to turn around and go home."
"I'm going home," Danny said flatly.  She was talking to him like a child, and it annoyed him.
"Promise me it's ended," she insisted.
"You're starting to piss me off, Caulder."
"Alright, I'm sorry," she relented.  "I'm really tired and my brain is fuzzy.  I only got about three hours of sleep last night, and it's going to be a hellish day."
"I understand."
"Look, I'll be home in a few days and we can talk about this.  You can take me to another one of your little backstreet grease pits and buy me a shitburger for lunch."
"Say goodnight, Gracie," Danny advised her.  "Go back to bed."
"I wish I could.  I'll see you next week, won't I?"
"Sure, Caulder.  We'll get together then."
The call gave Danny plenty to think about.  If she was giving up, then he should too.  Why not accept Edwin Raines' death as simply a random crime?  Why not be content to let his silly little secrets remain buried with him?  If Edwin's wife was content with that outcome, then Danny should be, too.  Maybe there was no overshadowing purpose to Edwin's behavior before he was killed.  Sometimes people did things for no particular reason, and looking for purpose in such a vacuum was pointless.
He should just get on with his life.  Caulder Raines had made it clear she intended to.  But one question kept nagging him as he continued driving south.
Exactly what life was he supposed to be getting on with?
EIGHTEEN
Southern Fried Sisters
The worn wooden chair where Danny sat waiting in the lobby of the Natchez Sentinel looked like a leftover relic from the days when reporters wore their credentials in their hatband and rushed in the door shouting, "Stop the presses!"
Despite all the excuses he had thought of during the drive down from Memphis, he still felt like a traitor for being here.
A frumpy old woman wearing a faded cotton dress and frayed straw gardening hat came in the lobby.  Her stockings were rolled down to her ankles, and she carried a paper shopping bag of groceries.  Her steps were plodding and deliberate, as if each one represented an act of will.  She went to the counter across from Danny and placed a classified ad with the surly kid there, carefully counting out the payment from a coin purse.
He had promised Caulder not to come to Natchez.  There was no denying that.  And the fact that she need never know he had broken that promise was of little consequence.
His out, he decided, was that Caulder had no real right to demand that promise from him.  True, he had begun all this at her request, but it had gone well beyond that simple mandate now.  Whatever had happened, and whatever discoveries he made, were no longer her property alone.  He had invested a great deal of his time, energy, thought, and money into this, and he had rights of his own.  It was his right to keep this going if he chose to do so, despite a silly promise squeezed out of him under duress.
Yet he couldn't put away the visceral feeling that what he was doing was deceitful, a betrayal of a friend's trust.
A door opened on Danny's right and a pale, slender man in his early thirties came out.  He wore blue trousers and a wrinkled white shirt that looked like it had come straight out of the dryer.  His blue tie was of the "mandatory on the job" variety, loosened at the collar.
"Mr. Skerett?" he asked, extending his hand.  "I'm Darden Ramsey.  Sorry to keep you waiting.  I just got off the phone with a guy from the Atlanta Constitution.  He seemed to think that because he works for a big city daily, I might be willing to fax him everything I've written for tomorrow's edition so he can put his byline on and send it to composition."
"Ballsy and lazy in the same package," Danny grinned.  "He has the makings of a first-class news hound."
"Well he's going to have to dig up his own information this time," Ramsey said.  "I gave him details we'd already printed, and a few rumors that are probably all crap.  But I'm not about to hand over the good stuff."  He led the way through the door and down a long hallway lined with offices.
"Here's how I look at it," Ramsey explained.  "I get to cover something big like this maybe once or twice a year, and I've only had my stuffed picked up by the wire services twice in the nine years."
His shirttail was out on one side.  He wore a cell phone and a Blackberry clipped to his belt.  His gait was casual, almost slouchy.
"Well I'm not here to scoop you on tomorrow's lead story," Danny assured him.
"I didn't figure you were," Ramsey chuckled.  "I've seen the Bluff City Beat.  Your specialty is not exactly hard news."
"Not usually."
Danny accepted Ramsey's offer of coffee, which proved to be vile dark sludge that paled only slightly after a heavy dose of creamer.  They settled in his cluttered cube to talk.
"So what can I do for you, Mr. Skerett?" Ramsey asked.
Danny had given his cover story a lot of thought, and he liked to think it actually had a modicum of truth to it.
"I've been considering some kind of feature about illicit traffic on the Mississippi River," he explained.  "I've heard for years that all kinds of illegal merchandise comes up the river from The Gulf and Mexico on those barges, and that's what caught my attention about this drug bust down here."
"At this point, they haven't really established whether the drugs they found came up or down the river.  The pot might have, and maybe the coke.  You could hide truckloads of the stuff on those barges.  But it's more likely that the meth was made locally.  From what I hear, you can cook the stuff up in your bathroom over a hotplate if you know how it's done."
"Did any of the people they arrested have ties to the Mississippi River traffic?"
"Not to my knowledge," Ramsey said.  "The two women are sisters.  They're lab techs in our local hospital.  And the men are chronically unemployed, at least officially.  Professional criminal types, actually.  Long arrest records."
"That's an interesting mix," Danny said.  "Were the women and the men involved personally?  Were they living together?"
"There's been no link so far.  The two sisters, Nelda and Charmaine Hutsinger, claim they don't even know the guys.  And they also claim they didn't know the drugs were stashed in the shed behind their house.  The Feds who have been working the case haven't said much about their investigation, but I've heard they think the men are the heavy-hitters."
"So it's possible that the Hutsinger women are telling the truth?"
Ramsey smirked.  "That scenario doesn't work for me," he said.  "What do they want the Feds to believe?  That these two scum-bags picked their backyard at random to hide several bales of pot and a few hundred hits of meth in?"
"Pretty far-fetched," Danny agreed.  "Are they all still in custody?"
"The sisters are out.  Somebody made their bail."  Ramsey slid a copy of the release form across the desk.  "But the other two are still locked up.  Their bail is through the roof because they're flight risks."
Danny glanced over the form.  The Hutsinger sisters' bail was posted by an outfit called Spring 'Em Bail Bonds.  Catchy name.  One hundred thousand each.  He started to hand the paper back, then a name at the bottom caught his eye.  The person who posted the ten-percent collateral for their bail was Dee Byrne.
Danny tried not to let his surprise show as he read the details.  Dee Byrne was Ellie Byrne's brother, the man who had tried to run him out of Holly Springs a few days before.  But it wouldn't hurt to see if Ramsey hand any additional information about the man.  "Who is this person who guaranteed their bail to the bonding company?" he asked.  "This Dee Byrne?"
"Not sure yet.  He's not local, but I haven't had time to dig up anything on him."
How was that loutish throw-back in Holly Springs connected to these two aging barroom babes two hundred miles away in Natchez?  All three were peripheral elements in Edwin Raines' unexplained activities in those two places, but until this moment it had never occurred to Danny to connect the dots.
He realized that Ramsey had asked him a question and was now looking at him strangely, waiting for a response
"Sorry.  I was reading.  What did you say?"
"I asked if you knew anything about Dee Byrne.  Do you know who he is, or where he's from?"
"No, sorry.  I wish I could help," he told the reporter.
* * *
A skinny old man was slow dancing with a woman half his age and twice his size on Rowdy's nearly-empty hardwood dance floor.  He wore scuffed cowboy boots, faded Levis, and a red plaid Western shirt with shiny metal buttons.  A cluster of feathers decorating the tooled silver band of his black cowboy hat.
The lead singer was whining out a maudlin song as the band twanged softly on their instruments behind him.

The night and the Jack
They still take me back.
And my heart breaks all over again.

The woman's shirt was taut across her ample bosom, and she held herself close against the man from chest to thigh.  One of his hands was in the small of her back.  The other cupped a large, denim-covered buttock.  They barely moved, alone in their romantic universe for the brief span of this one sad melody.

Old memories rise
Then I hear your good-byes.
And my heart breaks all over again.

Nelda Hutsinger sat alone at the bar, her back to the band, staring into the depths of her Coke-colored drink.
Stopping a few feet away, Danny ordered a Coors and studied her indirectly in the mirror behind the bar.  Nelda raised her head as the bartender passed by carrying drinks to a waiting waitress.  She said something to him, but he only gave her a disapproving glance and went on.
Looking back down, Nelda raised her glass and took a drink.  Her blue silk blouse was open far enough down the front enough to expose the middle strap of her black bra, and a few drops of the drink dribbled down between her breasts.  She didn't notice, or didn't care.  She was so drunk that she was about to pass out, which could account for the bartender's surly look.
It was past eleven on a Tuesday night, apparently a slow night at Rowdy's.  Danny was in earlier looking for the Hutsinger sisters, but hadn't found them there.  He left to have dinner at a catfish house down the road, then on his way back to his room at the Best Western he decided to stop in again.  He had immediately spotted Nelda, well down the road to oblivion.
He had no plan in mind.  If he found the sisters there, he thought he would just start a conversation and see where it led.  He knew there was a good chance that they wouldn't want to talk to him at all.  Because of their troubles they'd be leery of strangers, and for good reason.  In the tension-charged environment that their drug arrest had undoubtedly created, no one could be trusted.  But there was no down side to trying.
He signaled the bartender to bring him another drink, and one for the lady.  The bartender shot him a skeptical look, as if he might be either a desperate fool, or some sort of predator.  But he got the drinks and set them on the bar in front of Danny.
"Don't get your hopes up, bro," the bartender said.  "She's wasted.  Any other time I'd probably say go for it, but she's too far gone to be any good to anybody tonight.  I'm fixing to put her into a cab before she falls off the bar stool."
"No, it's not like that," Danny assured him.  "I know her.  I just thought I'd buy her a nightcap."
"It's the last thing she needs, but okay.  Just keep an eye on her.  Her sister cracked a rib last year when she got smashed and fell out of a chair.  I don't want no lawsuits."
Taking the drinks, Danny went over and stood near Nelda Hutsinger.  At first she seemed unaware of him beside her.
"Hey, Nelda," Danny said.  "Remember me?  Danny?  Chet's friend?"
Nelda's head rose slowly and turned toward him.  She squinted as if trying to make out who, or what, he was.  Her eyeliner was smeared across one cheek, and her lipstick looked like the work of a three-year-old.
"Danny?  Hi Danny!"  Clearly she had no idea who he was.
"Where's Charmaine?" Danny asked.  "I was hoping to say hello to both of you when I came here tonight."
"Home.  Hadda migraine.  Took some crap and passed out."
"That's too bad.  I hope she feels better," Danny said.  "But you're here, aren't you?  I can still say hi to you."  Danny found himself speaking as if to a child, slowly with short sentences and uncomplicated thoughts.
"Sure.  Yeah.  How ya hangin', big fella?"  She swiveled the barstool toward Danny and, true to the bartender's prediction, nearly toppled sideways.  Danny steadied her with a hand on her arm, and the physical contact obviously pleased her.  She took it as an overture and smiled crookedly at him.  Her spotted blouse sagged open, and he fought the impulse to look down.
"I haven't been here for at least a month, Nelda," Danny told her.  "Not since I met you at the hospital that day.  What's been going on since then?"
"Trouble.  Lotsa trouble," Nelda moaned.  "Me an' Charmaine are in so much shit, I don't know what's gonna happen."
"Sorry to hear that," Danny said.  "Can I do to anything help you?"
"Naw, we got us a lawyer.  Sonny Haycock.  Some bastards set us up with some drugs and shit...some grass and shit...and they came to our house and arrested us.  They put us in jail, Johnny!  Me and Charmaine, they put is in jail!  Four days we stayed there with the stink and the piss and the whores.  All we ate was bologna sandwiches, and you had to pee in a nasty toilet that was right out in the open.  The whores beat Charmaine up.  They took her shoes and her cigarettes."
"That sounds terrible, Nelda," Danny said, feigning alarm.
"We're in so much trouble, Johnny," Nelda whined.  Tears streamed down beside her nose, further wrecking her makeup.
"Well at least you're out now, Nelda.  At least you're out on bail.  Who came up with the money for you?
"It was Dee.  He paid it.  Our cousin from Holly Springs came down with the money."
"So your cousin Dee bailed you out.  That's good."  The surprises showed no signs of stopping.
"Yeah.  After the arrangement by the judge, he bailed us out."
What puzzled Danny was where a thug like Dee Byrne could come up with twenty thousand dollars, the bail bondsman's standard ten percent tribute, in four days, or four years for that matter.  Instead of cash, of course, he might have offered some other collateral to the bail bondsman.  Even a ramshackle farm in North Mississippi was probably worth at least twenty thousand dollars.
He would have to ask Ellie Byrne about that.
"Well if you're in that much trouble, I'd say you got a damn good reason to get drunk, Nelda.  But maybe you've had enough for tonight.  Maybe it's time to go home."
"Yeah.  Home.  That sounds good.  Will you take me home, Johnny?" Nelda pleaded.  "I don't think I could drive right now."
"The bartender's calling a taxi coming for you," Danny said.
"No taxi, Johnny!  You take me home!" Nelda insisted.  She put her hand on his leg, then advanced it forward up his inner thigh.  "I need some man to hold me in his arms tonight."
"I would, but..."
"Johnny please.  I feel so bad tonight."  Her sad, desperate smile tore at his heart and repulsed him at the same time.
"Look, Nelda, we hardly know each other.  I can't give you what you need.  I understand what you're going through, but..."
"Please, Johnny.  Please!
"Just let me go to the can, Nelda.  I've got to go kind of bad.  Then we'll talk about this when I get back."
The bathrooms in Rowdy's were nestled in a dark corner in back.  Danny went in and relieved himself at a pee-splashed metal trough in the dank, smelly men's room.  When he came back out, he stopped to consider the hunched female form at the bar.
Beside him was an exit door with a sign warning that an alarm would go off if it was opened.  Fortunately the sign was wrong.  No alarm sounded as he shoved the door open and stepped out into the humid Delta night.
He rounded the side of the building and went to his car.
It was a lousy trick, but he couldn't think of any better way to handle things.  What else could he do?  Go back over and tell Nelda Hutsinger she was a pathetic, miserable drunk and the thought of touching her repulsed him?  Or should he drive her home and try to deal with her drunken, maudlin pleas to go in and "hold her?"  No matter how rotten he felt about what he was doing now, sticking around could only make things worse.
As he got in the Nova and started the engine, a taxi turned into the parking lot and stopped at the entrance to Rowdy's.
NINETEEN
Fallen Angel
Danny Skerett was at his desk at the magazine by ten the next morning.  Last night his turbulent thoughts made sleep impossible in his bed at the Best Western in Natchez.  Before dawn he gave up and started home.
Not much made sense to him anymore.  The link between the people Edwin Raines had associated with in Natchez and the people he knew in Holly Springs led to more questions than answers.  Was Edwin investigating the involvement of the Hutsinger sisters in a drug ring in Natchez, and if so, why?  And even if he managed to link the sisters with their relatives in Holly Springs, what was his purpose in setting up a household in Holly Springs?  The impoverished, desperate Ellie Byrne hardly fit the profile of a drug dealer, and it seemed improbably that her brother, Dee Byrne, could be anything but a low-level lackey.
And above all, what was Edwin's interest in any of it?  What had he hoped to accomplish by placing himself in the middle of such a mess?  It was like trying to make the pieces from two different puzzles fit together and make sense.
Fancy came in with a stack of page proofs for him to check.  Danny welcomed the distraction.  He had already seen the raw copy and photos, but they were wrapping up this month's issue, and Lottie knew he would want to have a final look and the layout.
"Lottie said she needs your changes by two this afternoon to stay on schedule," his secretary said.
"No problem," Danny said.
Fancy was all smiles today.  She liked it when Danny came to the office because she could set aside her routine clerical and proofreading chores and resume her role as "executive secretary."
"I just made coffee," Fancy told him.  "You want a cup?"
"Sounds good.  Thanks."
Half an hour later Danny was partway through the magazine's monthly review of the downtown blues music scene when Will Bishop came in.  His eyes were red, his thick black hair was uncombed, and his clothes looked like rummage sale rejects.
"Finally!" Will announced, dropping into a chair across the office from Danny's desk with a tired sigh.  "I've been trying to call you since about two this morning.  Where have you been?"
"I was in Natchez," Danny told him.  "During the drive back I wanted to think, so I turned my cell off.  I guess it's still in the car.  What's up?"
"Marcy Doe is in the hospital," Will said.  "Somebody beat the crap out of her last night.  Broken bones, cuts, bruises.  She might have been raped, too, but they're not sure."
Lottie Batayanga came into the office door as Will was talking.  Her face bore a look of deep concern as he continued.  She had never met Marcy, but knew who she was.
"I was working the bar at Jezebel's last night when some guy came in and said there was a dead woman out back by the dumpster.  Turns out she wasn't dead, but close.  I've been in the emergency room at The Med all night while they worked on her."
"Any idea who did it?" Danny asked.
"The police are investigating," Will said.  "She had tape over her mouth, so it wasn't just a random mugging.  A mugger wouldn't do that much damage unless he was a sick son of a bitch."
"What about Franks and his crew?"
"They were in the bar the whole time.  And our pal Heck Cherry was there, too.  Everybody saw them.  But that doesn't mean they didn't have someone else work Marcy over for them."
"Does anybody know why?" Lottie asked.  "Did the girl recognize her attacker?"
"Don't know," Will said.  "She hadn't come around by the time I left the hospital.  I wouldn't have left, but I wanted to find you, Danny.  I figured you'd want to know."
"Of course, Will.  How was she when you left?"
"Stable, I guess.  She'll stay in intensive care until she regains consciousness.  They're not sure how bad her concussion is yet.  She has a police guard in case somebody wants to come around and finish the job."
Danny stood up.  "Alright, Will, you go home and grab a shower and a change of clothes.  I'll meet you at The Med."
"Wait a minute before you go running out," Will cautioned.  "Franks followed the ambulance over last night, and he stopped by again this morning.  I don't know whether he's worried about Marcy or concerned that she might wake up and start talking.  But whatever his reasons, it wouldn't be a good idea for him to see you there.  It might make for some unfortunate math."
Danny dropped back into his chair.  Will was right.
"And besides, the cop aren't letting anybody in to see her," Will said.  "I've got an idea that there's something more going on here than we know about."
"I could try," Lottie suggested.  Both men looked over at her.  "I'll go over and flash my press pass.  They might not let me in to see the girl, but maybe I can find out something."
"Can you get away, Lottie?" Danny asked.  "It's press day, you know."
"We'll go to print a few hours late," she said.  "It isn't be the first time.  And this is more important, isn't it?"
"It is to me," Will said.
"Of course it is," Danny agreed.  "Thank you, Lottie."
After she left, Will provided what he knew about the attack.  Marcy worked that night at a burger joint, and was apparently jumped just as she got home.  The police guessed the tape was used so nobody would hear her screams.  Besides the dozens of stitches used to close the wounds on her face, arms, and torso, she also had several broken ribs, a compound break to her right arm, and a concussion.  Her clothing was ripped off, and she was curled up in a battered, helpless ball when Will got to her.
"Where I grew up," Will said bitterly, "any man that beat a woman that bad wouldn't make it to the jailhouse before he got a dose of the same thing he'd handed out.  Only a skunk and a coward would do something like that to a young girl.  I wish I could spend five minutes alone with the guy."
"It's hard to get revenge if you don't know who did it," Danny pointed out.
"I'll find out," Will resolved.  "It might take a while, but the way those bastards drink and carry on at Jezebel's, eventually somebody will say something."
"I'm afraid not, Will.  This has taken an ugly turn, and I don't want you going back there."
"Damn it, I am going back.  Tonight!"  Will's gaze was determined.
"We've had this conversation before," Danny said.  "I gave in to you then, but not again.  It's too dangerous, Will.   I have an obligation as your friend and your employer.  You're young and tough and fit, and I'm sure you're not afraid of anything.  But this has gone too far, and you're being there hasn't accomplished anything.  To be honest, I wish I had never gotten you mixed up in this."
"But you did, and now I'm in it," Will said.  "Fire my ass if you want to, but that won't stop me.  I'll find out who did this to Marcy, and when I do, God help the bastard."
Danny considered the dilemma.  Will's resolve was firm, but he still had an obligation to him.  He wouldn't, couldn't, fire Will.  But it was a dangerous situation.  Something was going on at Jezebel's that neither of them understood.
"Why is it this so important?" Danny asked.  "It's not the story, because we don't even know if there is a story.  Is it Marcy?  Has something happened between you two?"
Will's head dropped, and he said nothing.  It was answer enough.
"Damn it, Will!  Didn't I warn you about that?"  The question was pointless.  People were people, and they couldn't always control the things they did and the people they cared about.  Case in point, Danny and Shelby...
"About the only thing I'm sure of," Danny said, "is that nobody's getting fired here.  Go home, eat, clean up, and rest if you can.  Go back to the bar tonight if you're so darned determined, and we'll sort this mess out tomorrow."
"Thanks, Danny," Will said quietly.  Tension and exhaustion seemed to weight him down.  He rose and started for the door.
"One more thing, Will," Danny called to him.  Will paused and looked back.  "The first chance you get, tell Marcy you have a rich uncle who's going to help with the cost of all of this.  But don't tell her who."
Danny struggled to return his attention to the press proofs.  He was determined help keep things on schedule.  A principle that experience instilled in a reporter was that even in the midst of tragedy, the presses must still roll.
Lottie was back in two hours.  Not only had the police and the hospital staff remained silent about Marcy Doe's condition, but two detectives actually tried to question her about how she had heard about the attack.  She had cloaked herself in the righteous mantle of the fourth estate, and their efforts turned out to be as pointless as hers had been.
"I guess it will be up to Will to update us about her," Danny conceded.  "But let's make some calls and see if we can find out why the police are so interested in her."
"Okay, but first let's get this magazine put to bed," Lottie said.  "Marcy is safe for now, and her situation isn't likely to change over the next few hours.  Let's go to print, and then we'll have plenty of time to work the phones."
"Oh yeah!" Danny said, as he had just remembered something important.  "We do have a business to run, don't we?"
* * *
That evening Danny was so tired that he had to fight to stay awake driving home.  But at least they had gotten the magazine to the printer's, and now the printing, binding, and distribution of this months' issue was in the hands of vendors.
As he pulled into his garage his phone rang.
"Danny?  It's Will."
"Hey Will.  I just got home.  I'm so tired I've got my eyelids propped open with matchsticks."
"That's how I was a few hours ago before I got some sleep.  Franks was pissed because I got to the bar late.  Did Lottie find out anything about Marcy?"
"Nobody would tell her anything, and two detectives tried to question her.  What do you think is going on, Will?"
"Hell if I know.  Maybe Marcy was talking to the cops and Franks found out.  Or maybe Franks is just paranoid and thought she might be talking to the cops."
"I made a few calls to contacts at MPD, but they claimed not to know anything.  You know how that goes.  The bigger something is, the less they all claim to know about it."
"I can't imagine Marcy being involved in anything big, though," Will said.  "She's just an innocent kid who works her ass off and likes to get high a little too much."
"Where are you now, Will?" Danny asked.
"On break.  I'm holed up in one of the toilet stalls at Jezebel's.  If anybody comes in, I'll have to hang up."
"What's it like there tonight?"
"Quiet.  Franks left just after I got here, and none of his pals have been around.  There's no band tonight, so it's just the regular drunks hanging around the bar.  I just want to get the hell out of here, but Franks would fire me if I left early."
"Okay, I'll see you in the office tomorrow then," Danny said.  "I've got a burger in a sack here.  After I eat it, I'm going to bed."
"Right.  We can regroup tomorrow," Will said.
Once inside, Danny set the paper bag on his kitchen counter while he locked the back door, then immediately forgot about eating and stumbled upstairs to his bedroom.
He roused at five the next morning feeling refreshed.  As sometimes happened, his mind had not taken the whole night off, and he was full of ideas as he went downstairs and made coffee.  Finding last night's uneaten hamburger still on the counter, he scraped the wilted lettuce and tomato into the sink, and microwaved the sandwich for breakfast.  Ah, the bachelor life!
Nobody would be at the magazine for hours.  The day after press day was the least productive of the month.  Staffers slept late, a luxury they had earned, and when they did show up at work, the day was spent critiquing the issue, congratulating each other on successes, and berating themselves for errors and oversights.  Even Lottie Batayanga, who stayed late at the printer's to get a final look at the first copy as it came off the press, didn't wander in until noon or later.
That gave Danny time to do something that had been on his mind since his eyes first opened.
The box of files he had brought home from Edwin's office was locked in the bottom drawer of his desk, and he pulled them out, along with his notes.
He wasn't sure what he was looking for, but with the new information he had learned since he last examined the files, he was hoping that some previously-ignored detail might make sense.
He started with the file on the antique store fire, reading it page by page.  Edwin kept careful records, and the file told a tedious story of the insurance investigation following the fire.  There were copies of investigative report, lists and values of property lost, snapshots of valuables pieces, independent appraisals, and sheaths of correspondence between the insurance adjustors and the Raines brothers' lawyers.
Another file held the routine correspondence Edwin maintained with his customers, and with his network of dealers on the east coast and Europe.  This file gave Danny a glimpse into the nature of the Edwin's business after his split with Martin.
People with plenty of money and very particular needs and interests were constantly seeking specific items to compliment the décor of a room or to round out a collection, and Edwin had a gift for locating precisely what they desired.
Beyond his antique expertise, Edwin also specialized in coins, stamps, and vintage wines.  It required a lot of detective work, but from the dollar amounts Danny saw scattered through the files, his friend's focused pursuits were lucrative.
Danny recalled the racks of rare collectibles in the hidden safe in Edwin's office and wondered if Caulder had any notion of the minor fortune locked away in her home.  She probably knew, and probably didn't care.  Because of her own success she didn't need the money, and it probably wasn't important to her right now.  It was like a half-forgotten savings account tucked away and dormant.
There was a small stack of correspondence that arrived after Edwin's death.  Someone, perhaps Caulder or her accountant, had opened the envelopes and stapled them to the sheets inside.  The bills and junk mail had been removed.  What was left pertained mostly to Edwin's interrupted business dealings.
There were several letters from two dealers, one in New York and another in London, who seemed to have been tasked with finding items on a particular "shopping list" from Edwin.  One reported "some success in locating a few of the items you requested" and went on to list the pieces of period furniture and decorative items he had found.   He asked for instructions about proceeding with their acquisition and acceptable price ranges.
Danny wondered whether anybody had bothered to inform these people that Edwin was dead.  Probably not, he thought.  Caulder was too absorbed in her own concerns to bother with it, and because Edwin was a one-man operation, there was no secretary or assistant to take care of such correspondence.
Shortly after Edwin's death, it might have been possible to cross-reference the requests from Edwin's customers with the reported successes from the dealers and complete a few transactions.  But the time for that was past, and who was there to do it anyway?  No one but Edwin's brother Martin would have had the slightest interest in such a project, and if for no other reason than spite, Caulder wouldn't want to hand over all these records to him.
After two hours, Danny went to the kitchen to refill his coffee and check the cleaning schedule Carmella posted on the refrigerator door.  Today was one of her days to come.  Knowing she might not be pleased to come in and find him still in his underwear, he headed upstairs to shower and dress.
In the shower, Danny considered what correlation there might be between Edwin's business and the weird variety of people he had associated with in Holly Springs, Natchez and Memphis.  But he could see no unifying theme, no thread that even remotely tied one to another.
It was as if the two lives that his friend led were as separate as if they had been led by two different people.
As he considered his morning's work something indefinable nagged at him.  There was something else he should be looking at, some new angle he should be considering.  But the wispy notion defied form and substance.
He dried and dressed in jeans, sandals and a golf shirt.  While he was shaving, Carmella tapped on the open bedroom door to announce her presence.
"Laundry day," she announced.
"Come on in Carmella.  I'm decent," Danny called out to her.
As he finished his grooming, the maid began stripping the linens from the bed, humming under her breath.
"You're in a good mood this morning," Danny noted, stepping to the bathroom door.  "Did you win the lottery?"
"Almost as good," she beamed.  "My husband Jorge come back to my house.  For three weeks I don't hear anything from him.  I think maybe he's dead, or maybe he go back to Mexico and find himself another wife.  Then when I go home last night, he is there, drinking a beer, talking to my daughter."
"That's good news," Danny agreed.  "But how did he get here?  Did he sneak in, or did he get a visa?"
"Don't ask, don't tell," Carmella grinned slyly.  "Just like me.  It's only important that he's here.  I can have his strong arms around me again, and feel his body beside me in the bed at night.  Sometimes it's not a good thing for a woman or a man to be alone at night."  Both their glances strayed to Danny's king-sized bed, which now seemed as large as a football field.
"Sometimes it's not a good thing," Danny said, "and sometimes it's better.  It depends on who's in there with you."
"Well for me, my Jorge is here now, and that is better.  Maybe soon you'll have that again, too.  But not with her," Carmella added.  "Not unless you go loco."
Back in his office, Danny began packing the stacks of paper and files back into the cardboard box.  It was then that he noticed something in the bottom of the box that he had overlooked earlier.  It was Edwin's small, leather-bound day planner.
Danny thumbed through the planner, automatically seeking the days leading up to the last day of Edwin's life.  The entries were routine--errands, meetings with clients, business reminders, and shopping lists.
Then he sat down and started going through the book again, this time from the beginning.  During the five-month period that the planner covered, Edwin had been to see his mother several times, and met his brother twice for lunch.  He had blocked out days for business trips to New York, Philadelphia and Brussels.  He had met with clients, eaten lunch with Caulder on numerous occasions, and made plans to celebrate her birthday.
Not surprisingly, there was no mention of the forays he made into the alternate worlds of E.C. Murphy and Chet Wilder.
By the time he finished, Danny had noted four items that made no obvious sense.  They were:
"Bu. Insp."
"B of B Dep."
"M. U of M"
To N.  Need to find the mother."
Staring at the list, Danny considered likely possibilities.
For the first one, "Insp." almost certainly stood for "inspection," and E.C. Murphy's car was a Buick.  Buick Inspection.
"Dep." Probably stood for "deposit," and E.C. Murphy had done his banking at the Bank of Bartlett.  Easy.
Every Memphian knew that "U of M" stood for University of Memphis, although it probably took on a different interpretation is states like Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi and Montana.  Marcy Doe was a student at the U of M, and Edwin had probably promised to meet here there or pick her up.
But last one stumped him.  "N" could very easily stand for "Natchez," but if so, who was "the mother"?
Considering the cast in this bizarre drama, Danny could not identify any mothers, although the sexual appetites of the Hutsinger sisters must have placed them at risk countless times.  Ellie Byrne was a de facto mother of sorts, but Edwin must have known that the child she was raising was not her own.
And Edwin would not have referred to his own mother, the formidable Lavinia Raines, as "the mother."  Everywhere else he had simply written "Mom."
Out of curiosity, Danny located the notation in the planner and took another look at it.  Edwin's writing was neat and concise.  There was no mistaking what he had written.
So who was "the mother" then, and why did he need to find her?  It was yet another small mystery to add to the great confusing stew.
TWENTY
Guardian Angel
Danny used a phone registered to Nutshell Natural Products to make the call.  It was an anonymous phone line they used at the magazine when it wasn't a good idea to have the name "Bluff City Beat" display on someone's caller ID.
"Hi Ellie.  It's Danny Skerett," Danny told Ellie Byrne.  "Chet's friend."
"Hello, Mr. Skerett."  The woman didn't sound pleased to hear from him.
"Listen, Ellie.  I need to talk to you again.  I'd like to come back to Holly Springs.  I have some more questions."
"No, You can't come here, Mr. Skerett, and I can't talk to you no more.  Not ever, even if you throw me and Misty out on the street.  I got in a lot of trouble after you came here last time.  My brother Dee said he'd hurt me bad if I talked to you again."  The fear was obvious in her voice.  She probably had good reason to believe that her brother's threats were real.
"How did he find out that we talked?" Danny asked.  "Did you tell him?"
"Good gawd no!" Ellie said.  "You think I got a death wish?  Misty done it by accident.  One day when Dee was over, she mentioned the man that came down from Memphis and gave me money.  When Dee got mad, I didn't have no choice but to tell him the rest.  He woulda beat it out of me anyway."
"I see," Danny said.
"I'm scared of him, Mr. Skerett.  He thinks you might be the same man that's been down in Natchez talking to our cousins Nelda and Charmaine.  They're in lots of trouble down there about some drugs and all, and it's got everybody jittery.  They think you, and maybe even Chet, are some kind of law men."
"Well I'm not," Danny assured her.  "And neither was Chet.  If any of your cousins are in trouble, it's not my business."
"They don't believe that.  They got people watching my house in case you come back.  There's a car down the street right now.  They think I don't know about it, but I ain't stupid."
"Who is 'they?'" Danny asked.  "Dee and who else?"
"I ain't sayin'."
"Okay, but I still have to talk to you," Danny said.  "If we can't do it there, we'll meet someplace else.  We can figure out a way to do it without anyone knowing.  Just trust me."
"No, please," Ellie Byrne pleaded.  "If they catch me..."
Danny paused a moment, considering his next words.  "You know, Ellie," he said.  "I bet I could send more grief your way than even your own family."  He hated to threaten her, especially with empty threats that he had no desire to carry out.  But fear seemed to be what worked with her.
"You haven't been straight with me.  I think a lot of what you told me last time was just plain lies, and I'm not going to stand for any more of it."
"No sir.  It was true," the woman insisted desperately.
"I'll plan something that will keep you out of trouble, and still give us time to talk."  He wanted to meet face to face to better gauge the truth in her words.  If he could get her out of her own environment, she would be more likely to open up.
"I just don't..." Ellie began, but Danny interrupted.
"Hang in there while I make some plans," Danny said.  "I'll call back soon.  You have something to drive, don't you?"
"I got Chet old Dodge truck," Ellie said.
"That should do.  It's only about sixty miles to Memphis.  Just trust me, Ellie."
"That's easy to say, Mr. Skerett," Ellie Byrne said ominously.
* * *
Danny watched the twenty-year-old Dodge pickup truck with flat gray paint and Mississippi tags pull into the parking lot of Rusk Diagnostic Clinic.  Ellie Byrne drove, and her niece Misty sat in the passenger seat.
From his vantage point near the entrance, Danny eyes the next few cars that came in after Ellie to see which had Mississippi plates and might be following her.
A few cars back, he spotted Ellie's tail.  Cleve, the functional idiot who had tried to jolt him with a stun gun on the courthouse lawn in Holly Springs, was driving a pale green Chevy Cavalier with a cracked windshield and a series of long deep scars that raked the driver's side of the car like wounds from a giant claw.
Ellie Byrne parked several rows back from the entrance, then she and Misty got out and started into the clinic.  Cleve parked nearby and watched them walk to the building.  He didn't get out, which was as Danny expected.  The logic was simple enough even for a stooge like Cleve.  He didn't need to go in.  If he knew where the truck was, he knew where Ellie was.  Or so he thought.
Danny picked up his cell phone and speed-dialed a number.  "They're here, and somebody came with them," he said.  "They're heading inside, but he's not.  I guess you're on."
Closer to the building Will Bishop get out of his car and started in.
The Rusk Clinic was one of the better known diagnostic centers in this part of the state, specializing in outpatient diagnosis and treatment for everything from breast cancer to blood diseases.  It was a sprawling, two-story complex, almost as big as some small hospitals, housing a warren of doctors' offices, hallways, waiting areas, and high-tech treatment rooms.  Once inside, the average patient could expect to spend anything from a couple of hours to all day waiting for the examination and treatment they needed.
The setup was ideal for their purpose.
Danny waited a few minutes, then drove to the staff parking area behind the building.  In a moment a back door opened.  Ellie and Misty Byrne came out, accompanied by Will Bishop and a shorter, Asian man with black hair and a white lab coat.
While Will directed Ellie and her niece to the Nova, Danny got out and shook the other man's hand.  "I appreciate your help, Tomas," he said.  "We should be back by three this afternoon.  Four at the latest."
"No problem, Danny," the man said with a smile.  "Just call when you're close.  I'll meet you right back here."
The man was Tomas Batayanga, and the plan they were executing was the brainchild of his sister Lottie.  After Danny's call to Ellie Byrne, he and fellow conspirators Will and Lottie considered possible ways to meet with Ellie without placing her in jeopardy.  Lottie pointed out that one place where anyone might be expected to go in and then not come out again for several hours without suspicion was a doctor's office.
A quick call to her brother, a radiologist at Rusk Clinic, and another to Ellie Byrne, was all it took to set up the rendezvous.  Danny told Ellie when and where to go, and instructed her to let it be known in her family that a doctor at the county free clinic was sending her to Memphis for a breast exam because of a suspicious lump.  That would explain the trip to Memphis.  Once she was there, he would handle the rest.
As Will reentered the building with Lottie's brother, Ellie and her niece hunkered down in Danny's car and they left.  Driving down Humphreys toward Memphis, Danny saw that no one was following them and told his two passengers it was safe to sit up.  Ellie Byrne cracked the window on her side, took a cigarette from her pack of generics, and lit up.  A call from Will, who was bringing up the rear, confirmed that when he left the clinic lot, Cleve was still sitting there watching the gray pick-up.
Ellie had taken more care with her appearance today.  She wore lipstick and makeup, and her dark hair was clean, combed, and pulled back into a jaunty ponytail.  Her red blouse and white shorts looked new, or at least freshly washed and ironed.  She bore little resemblance to the surly, frumpy woman Danny had first seen in Holly Springs.
"Did you know someone followed you here?" Danny asked.
"How could I not know?" Ellie scoffed.  "I've known Cleve Arkin his whole miserable life, and he's driving my aunt Tilda's car.  He couldn't have been more obvious if I was towing him with a log chain."
"Well, he's got a long, hot wait ahead of him," Danny chuckled.  "It's going to take you at least six hours to get that lump examined and to hear that it's nothing to worry about."
He glanced in the rear view mirror at Misty, who stared at the city scenery as if she was visiting some foreign land.
"What do you know about what's going on today, Misty?" he asked.
"Aunt Ellie said you and her had to have another talk," Misty offered, toying with one of her red curls.  She smiled shyly at him in the mirror.  She wore a white short-sleeved shirt and cut-off jeans.  Her tanned arms and legs were long and thin.  She was going through that lanky stage that prefaced the transition from girl to woman.
"You don't mind her coming along, do you?" Ellie said.  "We don't make it up to Memphis much, and she wanted to come."
"No, it's fine.  Just as long as she knows she can't tell anybody about what happens today.  Not anybody, Misty.  Okay?"
"Yessir," the girl promised solemnly.
"And since we've got to go someplace, I decided that the zoo was as good a destination as any," Danny suggested.  "Have you ever been to the zoo, Misty?"
"Just once," she said.  "Mama took me back when I was little, but I don't remember much.  Just some monkeys and elephants.  And cotton candy."
"Then you're in for a treat."
The parking lot of the Memphis Zoo was practically empty.  Danny found a spot near the entrance, then waited for Will Bishop to catch up.  Even before they reached the front entrance, Misty's eyes danced with pleasure at the sight of the large concrete animals which lined the approach to the front gate.  Her happiness brought a smile to Ellie's face as well.
Once inside, Danny led them to a small snack bar at the end of a long, central plaza.  There they had an early lunch of hotdogs, cokes and chips.
"I'm going to be your tour guide today, Misty," Will announced when they were finished, "so what do you want to see first.  The bears?  The elephants?  Or maybe the monkeys?"
"The big cats!" Misty announced.  "I want to go to Cat Country first!"
"Then I guess we're off to Cat Country!"
When they were gone, Danny told Ellie, "Come on.  We can look around while we talk."
They strolled through the nearly empty zoo, heading in the opposite direction from Will and Misty.
"Ellie, if you'll help me, I think I can make some good things happen for you.  For instance, our friend is dead and he doesn't have any more need for a house in Holly Springs.  Have you ever owned a home?"
"Once, for a while.  It was a long time ago when I was with my first husband Rubin," Ellie admitted.  "It wasn't no account, and neither was he.  We lost it 'cause he wouldn't work."
"Well I can't promise, but if things go well, I can see what's possible."
Ellie's eyes were filled with skepticism.  During her life she had probably heard too many promises made, and seen too few kept.  "Okay, what do you want to know?" she asked.  "What do you think I lied to you about?"
Almost everything, Danny thought.  But he didn't say it.  "Let's start again at the beginning.  Tell me how you met Chet.  Are you staying with the story about asking him for a job?"
"No, I just made that up," Ellie admitted.  "I've been telling everybody around town that story, so I just told you the same thing.  But it ain't true, none of it."
"Then tell me the truth," Danny prompted.
Ellie Byrne drew a slow breath and began.  "Like I said, Misty is my sister Pam's girl, not mine.  Two years ago, Pam got bad sick.  It was ovarian cancer, and the doctor said there wasn't no chance for her.  I was doin' alright then.  I had a job at the pallet factory, and I was renting a little house south of town.  Misty's a sweet girl, and she's no bother, so I was happy to take her in.
"After we buried Pam, I got a lawyer to help me get legal custody of Misty.  But then the factory started layin' off, and when I lost my job I couldn't find work nowhere.  I started getting behind on things.  First they took my car, and then I got kicked out of the house.  The custody thing wasn't finished, and I was afraid if the judge heard how I was out of work and we was living in my brother's garage, he wouldn't let me keep Misty.  I was scared I was going to lose her."
They turned into a cool, dim passageway with cement walls sculpted to look like enormous stone boulders, and small, strategically placed ponds and waterfalls.  With hewn beams above, and plants and vines all around, it gave the impression of a peaceful, almost tropic, retreat.
"Before she passed, Pam gave me a name and phone number in Memphis," Ellie went on.  "I don't know where she got it, but she said if I ever got in a hole so deep that I couldn't see daylight, I should call that number.  But not before, 'cause she didn't know what would happen when I did.  Finally one day when it seemed like things couldn't get no worse, I got my nerve up and called."
"And?" Danny prompted.
"And thank the Lord.  I was lucky enough to talk to one of the kindest men God ever put on this green earth," she said.
"Meaning Chet Wilder."
"Meaning Edwin Raines," Ellie corrected him.  "I knew his real name from the start.  But he didn't want to use that name in Holly Springs, so everybody there knew him as Chet Wilder.  It didn't make no difference to me.  I'd of called him Joe Blow, or Rumplestiltskin if that's what he wanted."
"And he helped you."
"He didn't just help us, Mister Skerett.  He saved Misty and me.  First he gave us money so we could move out of Dee's garage and get a motel room where we'd be safe.  Then a couple of weeks later he had the idea of getting' that little house so we'd have someplace permanent to live.  He wasn't there much, but he kept the bills paid and gave us money to get by on.  He gave me and Misty a normal life again."
"But why did he choose to help you in the first place, Ellie?" Danny asked.  "Did he ever explain that to you?"
"Not really," she said.  "I always thought it had something to do with Misty, but he never said, and I never asked.  He just did it."
"But why?  Do you think he might have been Misty's father?  Is it possible that a long time ago, he and your sister Pam..."
"No, you've got that all wrong, Mr. Skerett.  Misty wasn't Pam's daughter neither, not by birth anyway.  When Misty was just a little newborn baby our cousins Nelda and Charmaine in Natchez brought Misty to Pam.  They said her parents gave her up when she was born, and they asked Pam if she wanted to raise her.  Pam always wanted a baby, so she said yes."
"Did they tell Pam who Misty's parents were?" Danny asked.  The whole thing was getting more and more confusing.
"They wouldn't say how they got her, and the names on her birth certificate was people I never heard of.  It wasn't any kinfolk I ever heard about."
"Why did Nelda and Charmaine bring the baby to Holly Springs?"
"They said 'cause they knew Pam couldn't have babies.  She had something wrong with her ovaries, I think.  But she always wanted children.  That's a funny thing.  I never thought I wanted kids, and here I am raising Misty.  But now I wouldn't trade her for a sack of gold."
Across a metal rail and a broad moat on their right, a colony of gorillas listlessly wandered their habitat, searching for any diversion from their tedious confinement.  Toward the front of the enclosure an enormous male with coal black fur and a silver topknot lounged on his back, picking idly at one of his feet with a thick black paw.  Approaching carefully, a half-grown youngster began to pester the big male, tossing sticks and dried clumps of feces at him, then retreating to a safe distance.
Growls and scowls at his tormenter had no effect, and finally the big male had enough.  Springing up with surprising agility, he chased his young adversary away with an angry roar.  The smaller ape raced across the compound on all fours, shrieking in playful terror.
"Them two remind me of Dee and Cleve," Ellie commented.  "Since he was old enough to walk, Cleve seemed to think God put him on this earth to devil that big ugly brother of mine.  It's a wonder Dee hasn't killed him yet, but someday I bet he will."
When the excitement was over, the two of them strolled on.
"So did you and Pam ever learn anything more about Misty's birth parents?" Danny asked.  "Did you ever meet them?"
"We never tried.  We knew their names, but Pam said if they gave her away, they didn't have no right to see her or know what a good child she came to be."
"How did you learn who they were?  Usually those things are kept secret."
"I don't know how Nelda and Charmaine went about it, but when they brought the baby, they brought her birth certificate."
"Do you still have it?  Could I see it?" Danny asked.  "Or better yet, get a copy?"
"I brought a copy 'cause I thought you might ask."  She produced a folded paper from her cloth handbag.  Danny paused and looked it over.  It indicated that a child named Johanna Federman was the daughter of Mack and Willa Federman.  She was born fourteen years before at Natchez Regional Medical Center.  It was the hospital where the Hutsinger sisters still worked, assuming that their legal troubles had not cost them their jobs.
"Pam's last name was Gault," Ellie explained, "and she changed the baby's name to Misty Gault.  She always said if she ever had a baby girl, she'd name her Misty."
They walked on in silence while Danny absorbed what he was hearing.  Several questions troubled him.  Why would Pam Gault consider Edwin Raines as someone her sister could turn to for help?  His name wasn't on the birth certificate, so how had she known about him?  And, once he was contacted, why did Edwin go to so much trouble to take care of this woman and her niece, even to the point of buying a house in Holly Springs for them to live in?  If Ellie had the answers to any of this, she wasn't yet ready to trust Danny with them.
Ellie wasn't interested in the feathered or hooved animals, the peacocks, ostriches, antelopes, wildebeests, and such, but perked up when they reached the area where the larger species, the elephants, rhinos, and hippos, were housed.
"When I was little, I rode on an elephant at the circus," Ellie said, looking across the rail at one of the enormous, swaying beasts.  "I was so scared I thought I'd pee my pants, but I couldn't stop talking about it for a month after.  Daddy used to do things like that, drive us to Memphis for the circus and such.  He died when I was ten.  After that Mama took up with a garage mechanic name Lawton Childers, but he never would marry her.  On weekends, he'd get drunk and beat on mama, and sometimes he'd beat on us kids too if he could catch one of us.
"That might be why Dee turned out to be so no count.  Lawton was always whaling on Dee for some little thing, or sometimes for nothing at all.  But he stopped by the time Dee was twelve or so 'cause Dee had got big enough to fight Lawton to a draw."
"Does Dee have a job?" Danny asked.  "What does he do to earn a living?"
"He works for a cousin of ours.  Takes care of his farm, fixes his cars, runs his errands.  Stuff like that."
"So you have more relatives down around Holly Springs?"
"Sure, lots of 'em.  Down south of Holly Springs you can sling a dead cat off the side of the road without hitting somebody we're related to.  A Byrne or an Arkin, or a Cherry or a Hutsinger."
"Cherry?" Danny asked.  "Did you say Cherry?"
"Yeah, we're kin people with the Cherry's.  One of them is the cousin Dee works for.  Heck Cherry.  You probably heard of him.  Some years back, he used to be a big shot country singer."
"Sure, I've heard of him," Danny said, trying to hide his surprise.  "It's Hard to Kill a Cowboy."
"That's the one."
"Did Nelda and Charmaine grow up in Holly Springs, too?"
"Yeah, but they left when they was young.  Running away from some trouble, I think."
"I guess you know they're in more trouble now."
"Yep.  Big trouble, so I hear."
"Did you know your brother went down there with $20,000 and bailed them out of jail?"
"My brother Dee?" Ellie asked, amazed.  "Where would he come up with that kind of money?  Half the time he can't even pay his beer bill at Churchill's store at then end of the month."
"Well he handed over twenty grand to a bail bondsman," Danny said.  "Where do you think he came up with the money?"
"I guarantee you he didn't get it out of a bank, not unless he robbed one.  It must have come from Heck," Ellie said.  "But I can't see Heck shelling out that much money for Nelda and Charmaine, even if he had it.  He's not exactly the first one you'd go to if you needed help."
"Interesting," Danny said.
"To you, maybe.  But it's none of my affair," Ellie told him firmly.  "I keep my nose out of their business.  I don't want to know whose $20,000 that was, nor nothin' else."
"Why not?"
"I got my own problems," she said.  "'Specially now with Chet dead and gone.  I don't want to know nothing about what Heck and Dee and Cleve and that bunch got goin' on."
The cell phone in Danny's jeans pocket rang and he answered it.
"Where are you?" Will asked.
"Over by the elephants," Danny said.
"Misty says she wants some ice cream, and then she wants to see the snakes and alligators.  Do we have time?"
"Sure, we'll meet you back at the snack bar."
Danny would have liked to ask Ellie more questions about her brother's and Heck Cherry's mutual interests, but her resolve to not discuss it would be hard to overcome.  She had given him plenty of information to digest, so maybe it was time to ease up and let her and Misty have some fun.
They met Danny and Misty for ice cream, then continued their tour of the zoo.  By two that afternoon, they were hot, tired, and ready to go.
As they drove back to Rusk Clinic, Misty fell asleep in the back seat.  Ellie sat in silence for a while, smoking one cigarette after another as they passed along the tree-lined Midtown streets.  Their route took them by Danny's house on East Parkway, but he didn't point it out.  Finally Ellie turned her head to look at Danny.
"Did you mean what you said about the house, Mister Skerett?" she asked.
"I said I'd see what I could do," Danny reminded her.  "Edwin was obviously concerned about yours and Misty's welfare, and I know he would have liked to see you taken care of.  But I don't own the house, and I'm not the one who will decide what happens to it.  I can only suggest."
"Can you suggest the truck, too?" Ellie pressed.
"Why not?  It won't be much use to anyone else.  I'll see."
"I can always get a job.  I grew up on a farm, and ain't afraid of hard work.  Gettin' back on my feet will be tough.  But with a house and a truck already..."
"I'll help you, Ellie," Danny promised impulsively.  "Edwin and I were friends, and I'll do what I can.  For his sake."
"You're nice, Mister Skerett.  Just like he was.  I don't know much about men like you.  What make you tick, and why do you help people you don't hardly know.  But if there's ever anything I could do to pay you back..."
"Don't worry about that, Ellie.  Just take care of that girl back there, and do what you can to raise her right."
"I will.  But I'm just saying...  I mean, if you ever want something..."
Danny looked at her, then glanced away when the true meaning of her awkward invitation became clear.  He couldn't think of anything to say that would neither offend nor encourage, so he said nothing.  He stayed on Poplar while the nice neighborhoods lasted, then jogged over to Union.  Ellie watched the pretty homes go by, smoking her cigarettes and thinking her own thoughts.  Finally she turned to him again.
"You need to be careful, Mister Skerett," she said.  "Of Dee and Heck and that bunch."
"I will," he vowed.  "I don't want to do anything to put you and Misty in more danger."
"No, I mean you need to be careful for yourself, too.  I think they know who you are, Mister Skerett.  They never did say your name around me, but they knew you was nosing around in Natchez, talking to Nelda and Charmaine and all."
"They do?  How?"
"I don't know.  Just putting two and two together, I guess.  And they're wondering what you're up to."
"I guess I wasn't as clever as I thought."
"I guess not."
"Do you think they might have known who Chet Wilder really was, too?"
"Not far as I know.  They always thought Chet and I was shacked up, and I just let them go on thinkin' it.  The kind of life I've lived, it ain't like I've got a reputation to protect.  And as long as they thought he was getting' him some, it made sense why he was doing all those nice things for us."
"So you don't think they could have been the ones who..."  He searched for the right way to put it.  "...who hurt Edwin?"
"Lordy, I hope not," Ellie said, hardly reassuring Danny with here response.  She glanced over her shoulder to make sure Misty was still asleep, then added.  "If it's come to that point with them, then ain't a one of us safe no more."
TWENTY-ONE
Kiss of the Chameleon Woman
At dusk Danny returned home from a run in the park with the dogs.  He had contemplated a nap after dropping Ellie Byrne and her niece off that afternoon, but the too-snug feel of his Levis when he pulled them on that morning had reminded him of his neglected exercise routine.  There was a cost to be paid for all those cheeseburgers and late-night Twinkies.
He ignored the cars parked along Madison near his driveway until the driver's door of one opened and someone got out.  Ellie's chilling warning suddenly came back to him.
But no gun barrel rose menacingly, and the driver of the car was not wielding a steel pipe or a baseball bat.  It was a woman, a good looking one in fact.  She looked familiar, but for an instant he couldn't recall where they had met.
"Hey stranger.  I bet you're surprised to see me here.  I tried to call but there was no answer.  So I came by anyway."
"Hi Liz," Danny said.  Her name came to him just in time.  "You're right.  I am surprised.  The last time I saw you, I decided you might take a peace bond out on me if I ever got within annoying distance of you again."
"Was I that bad?" She laughed.
"Almost."
"It must have been the wine talking.  Sometimes I'm not a very cordial drunk." She glanced past Danny to the towering, three-story stone house behind him.  "Is this where you live?"
"Kind of a monstrosity, isn't it?"
"That's not quite how I'd describe it," Liz offered.  "When your father said were doing alright for yourself, I didn't imagine you were doing this alright.  Do you live here alone?"
"Now I do," Danny said.  "My wife talked me into buying it two years ago.  But then she decided married life wasn't for her.  So now it's just me and the dogs."
Liz Hubbard looked strikingly different than she had at his dad's party.  She wore a dark skirt that accentuated her slender hips and long, tanned legs, and a white silk blouse.  Her makeup made her eyes look large and her mouth full and attractive.  Her long blond hair shimmered softly in the twilight.  She looked almost too feminine and pretty to be the same woman he had taken out onto the lake that night.
"So how did you end up at my little homestead?" he asked.
"I was in the city visiting one of my suppliers," Liz said, "and I decided it might be fun to have a nice dinner while I'm here.  Then you came to mind.  I'm sure you know all the best places to eat in Memphis, and I was hoping you might be available.  But if I've showed up at a bad time..."
"You haven't.  I've been out running, though, and I smell like a wet sheepdog.  You'll have to let me scrub up."
I don't mind waiting," she offered.  "So is it a date?"
"Sure, why not?" Danny said.  "But I want to come home after dinner.  It's been a busy day."
"Mine was too.  And I still have to drive back to Tunica."
Danny opened the gates so Liz could pull her car in.  He put the dogs in their kennel, then gave them fresh water.
He settled Liz in the den with a glass of wine and hustled upstairs to clean up.  He was back down in twenty minutes, groomed and dressed to match Liz's semi-casual look.
"It's a nice evening.  Why don't we walk down to Overton Square?" Danny said.  "There are several good restaurants in the area, and we can decide on the way what we're in the mood for."
They settled on Remoulade's, a Cajun place on a quiet side street.  The food was good, the service decent, and despite the two glasses of wine she drank with dinner, Liz Hubbard did not digress into the sharp-tongued, unpleasant woman Danny had gone a few challenging rounds with at his father's cook-out.
She talked about her former life as a corporate lawyer's wife in St. Louis, confirming Whit's description of her bad marriage and its bitter end.  Booze and prescriptions drugs had dominated her life near the end, and she felt lucky to have come to her senses before she slid all the way to the bottom.  If it hadn't been for her daughter and the urgency she felt to get the girl out of the mad conditions they were living in, she wasn't sure she could have found the strength to save herself.
Tonight showed that when she invested a little effort, Liz could be a charming companion.  She was intelligent, well-read and articulate, and she seemed to be on a recovery course that promised to repair her damaged psyche and soul.
Danny saw possibilities with this woman.
Back at his house after dinner, Danny fixed drinks by the pool.  A breeze stirred the branches of the ancient oaks that ringed his property, and the pale blue pool lights made the water look cool and inviting.  Danny resisted the urge to suggest a swim.  Liz had made the first move by coming here tonight, but he knew he shouldn't be in a hurry to make the second.
They inaugurated two of the outdoor recliners Danny bought to replace the pool furniture Shelby took in her recent Blitzkrieg raid.  Danny served Grand Marnier in cut glass snifters and Liz lit a cigarette, her first of the evening.
"I need to switch to something soft after this," Liz said, sipping of the liquor, then lolling her head back and sighing contentedly.  "I feel too relaxed, and I still have that long drive home ahead of me."
Danny considered mentioning the several unused bedrooms upstairs, a couple of which Caulder had the generosity to leave somewhat furnished.  Instead, he said, "There's Pepsi and Sprite in the kitchen.  And maybe juice."
"We'll see," Liz said, her eyes drifting closed.  "Just promise you won't let me fall asleep out here.  It's way too comfortable."
"Don't worry.  I won't let you sleep out here.  It wouldn't be safe."
"My guess is it wouldn't be safe for me inside either," Liz said.  Her eyes didn't open, but a smile played across her face.
Danny didn't take the bait.  Slow and easy.  Anything he said at this point would probably be the wrong thing.
"I really do have to go home," Liz told him.  "I promised to pick up my daughter tonight because my mother has big plans with your dad tomorrow morning."
"I get it, Liz.  You have to go home," Danny said.
Liz sat up as if mustering her resources for a difficult task.  She swung her legs off the recliner and shot back the rest of her Grand Marnier in a gulp.
"Yes.  I definitely have to go," she said with renewed determination.  Leaning toward Danny, she unexpectedly kissed him on the mouth, then drew her face a few inches away from his.  "Thanks for understanding."
"Hey, I liked that," Danny said.  "Let's try it again."  He looped his hand behind her neck and drew her to him.  The second kiss was softer, longer.  When she drew back, Liz's eyes opened slowly, seeming to shimmer in the pale blue light.
"Mmmm.  That was nice."  But she didn't give him a chance to do it again.  She stood up and set her snifter on a wrought iron table.
"Before I go, I was wondering if you might give me a tour of this beautiful old house," she said.
"I'll be glad to," Danny said.  The kissing was clearly over for the night, but there would be other nights and other kisses.  Maybe, he thought.  Depending on which Liz Hubbard showed up next time.
Shelby had stripped the furnishings from two-thirds of the rooms Danny led her through.  Much of it, he suspected, was sold to finance a lavish lifestyle that she could no longer afford.  But that still left the beautiful wood floors and wainscotings, the charming fireplaces, the detailed plaster trim, the enormous old chandeliers, and the expensive draperies.
Liz Hubbard loved the turn-of-the-century architecture and found something to appreciate in each room, even the ones that sat empty and unused.  On the second floor she marveled at the large bedrooms, and Danny explained the pains they had gone through to preserve the old charm while installing some necessary modern conveniences.
"So it's just you now, rattling around in this big old mansion?" Liz asked.  It was odd for her ask that question a second time, Danny thought.  Surely his dad and her mother had covered that in the pre-party briefing.
"Like I said, just me and the dogs," Danny confirmed.  "I haven't decided whether I want to stay here or sell the place.  Buying it was Shelby's dream, and now that she's history, it's too big and expensive.  One of my mortgage payments could finance a revolution in a Central American county.  And there's the upkeep on top of that."
"But if the two of you decided give it another try..." Liz suggested.
"That option is not on the table."
The last rooms they came to were the master bedroom and its large adjoining bath.  "I'll warn you that I'm not much of a housekeeper," Danny said as he led her in.  "This room is only clean two times a week, and that's when my maid Carmella finishes with it."
"You men!" Liz grumbled lightly as she moved past him into the bedroom.  "Society is so forgiving of your slovenly habits.  They're so boyishly charming!"
The covers on the king-sized bed were in a tangle, and yesterday's underwear lay on the floor.  His running clothes were in the bathroom floor, as was the towel he used earlier.
"This bathroom is huge," Liz commented.  "I bet it was your wife's showplace."
"Well if an abundance of brass, marble, little porcelain do-funnys, and all kinds of things that smell good make a bathroom a showplace, then that's what this was.  Of course she took that junk with her.  She left me a shower curtain and a stack of not-good-enough-for-company towels."
"Um, Danny, while I'm here," Liz said hesitantly.  "Would you mind if I..."  She glanced at the porcelain toilet.  "It's a long drive, and I should freshen up before I go."
"Sure," Danny said.  "I'll wait for you downstairs."
He went down to the den and poured another finger of Grand Marnier, enjoying its rich, fruity aroma as much as the punch it delivered on the way down.
Before Liz left he would invite her for dinner here at the house.  But it would have to be at least two weeks off.  He'd need time to replace the dining room furniture Liz took, and arrange for Carmella to cook and serve.  He hadn't entertained at home since Shelby left, but Liz would probably enjoy it.
And he'd get tickets for something special.  A play, perhaps, if there was something good at Playhouse on the Square, or a symphony performance.  He didn't know whether the ballet season was still going on, but he could check.  Personally, he was not a fan of that kind of entertainment.  But a woman with Liz's class and taste probably was, and he knew how to fake it.
He went outside and checked on the dogs.  After their strenuous afternoon in the park, they were sprawled out in the grassy area near the gate of their run.  Their ears perked up when he approached and spoke to them, but neither got up.  Then he made sure the garage was locked.  Shelby might still have designs on that white Mercedes, which had been her pride when they were together.
Liz had still not come down when he got back inside.  He poured another dose of the liquor and tossed it back.
Maybe she had fallen asleep.  That suggested interesting possibilities.  Or maybe she was having stomach problems that she was embarrassed to mention.  Dinner was a little spicy.
Or maybe she was lying naked in his bed right now, waiting to surprise him when he finally came up.  Sure.
Danny decided he'd ease up the stairs and take a quick look in the bedroom.  If the bathroom door was closed, he'd go back down and wait.  If not, at least he could call out and see if she needed anything.
Through the half-opened bedroom door, Danny saw Liz Hubbard standing with her back to him in front of his dresser.  The middle drawer was open, and she was rummaging through it.  He kept his clean jockeys and swim suits in that drawer.
"What are you looking for?" Danny asked, puzzled.
Liz turned, and the surprise and guilt on her face stirred the first feelings of alarm in Danny.  "I...  I was just..."
"The cash and jewelry aren't in that drawer," he teased.  "Try the shoebox in the closet."
"I'm not trying to steal anything!" Liz said.  Her voice had a shrillness to it that put him on his guard.  "Is that what you think?"
"No, I was just kidding.  I don't think anything.  I'm just curious."
"I was looking under the sink for some toilet paper, and I saw a box of tampons," Liz told him.  "And a diaphragm, too."
"I guess Shelby left them there," Danny told her.
"They made me wonder," she said.  The calm expression was gone from her features.  Her voice had a brittle, accusatory edge now.  "And there are women's clothes in the closet."
"That's Shelby's stuff too, things she left behind.  She took everything she wanted when she left."  Suddenly Danny felt defensive, which fueled a growing anger.
"Are you lying to me about your wife being gone?  About things being over between the two of you?  Or maybe it's some other woman."
Stunned, Danny wondered what had happened to the charming, pleasant woman he just spent the evening with, the woman whose company seemed worth the price of a new dining room suite.  Lake Party Liz was suddenly back in all her cold disdain.
"What in the hell are you talking about?" Danny asked.  His voice was sharp now too, and considerably louder.
"If she's gone and it's over," Liz accused, "then what are all her things still doing here?"
"Hell if I know!  But why don't you keep digging around.  Maybe you'll find her panties in the laundry hamper.  Maybe you'll discover the vibrator and velvet ropes in the bedside table!"
"It wouldn't surprise me," Liz growled.  "I am so stupid! So STUPID!  It's the same kind of thing that I found when Earl started fooling around on me.  He was so cruel that he didn't even take any pains to hide the evidence.  And neither do you.  Tonight I kept thinking, 'What a great guy.  Maybe I was wrong about him.  Maybe there are some good men out there after all.  Men you can trust.'  And then I start stumbling across these things.  I was just looking for toilet paper, for heaven's sake!"  Her cheeks were crimson, and her tears flowed freely.  Danny felt that unique strain of male guilt and helpless confusion that only come from making a woman cry without having the faintest idea what he did.  That made him even angrier.  She had no right to his guilt.
"Look, lady.  I don't know you, and I didn't invite you here.  This is my house, and whatever you find in it is my business.  I could be running hookers through here in shifts, and it wouldn't be your concern.  Why don't you just leave!"
Liz advanced on him.  Her face was as red as a stop sign, and mascara ran in dark, damp streaks down her cheeks.
She stopped in front of him and looked at his face, her expression one of sadness and betrayal.  Gazing into her eyes, only a few inches from his own, Danny felt for an instant as if he was looking far deeper into her being than he cared to look.  What he saw was an almost frightening fog of madness waiting to find expression.
But in the next instant, he thought that she had never looked more beautiful.
"Tonight didn't have to turn out this way," he said.  Liz didn't answer.  She raised a hand to the middle of his chest and shoved him back, then brushed past him into the hall.  He watched her pound down the stairs and out of sight.  A moment later the house shook as she slammed the kitchen door.
Danny's mind reeled.  He turned and stepped into the bedroom, wondering how an innocuous place like this could ignite such a firestorm.  Since Shelby left, nothing more exciting than sleeping had gone on in this room.
A sudden thought occurred to Danny, and he turned and bolted for the door.  He careened down the stairs three at a time and bounded for the back door.  Halfway across the kitchen, he knew he was too late.  A loud crash, followed by the scraping and grating of metal on metal arose from the back yard.  He got the back door open in time to see the taillights of Liz's car careening away down Madison.
One side of his back gate was twisted and mangled but still hanging perilously on one hinge.  The other side lay in the middle of Madison.  He had no idea whether Liz had not seen it as she backed out of his driveway, or whether she was simply too pissed to care.  Either way the results were the same.  Shaking his head in disbelief, he went out into the street and dragged the abused tangle of metal and wire out of the way of traffic.
On his way into the house, he opened the kennel gate and called to the dogs to accompany him inside.  Tonight he couldn't imagine any company he would prefer to theirs.
* * *
Danny planned to meet Will at the office the next morning, but had to wait for a fence repairman to come and give him an estimate on the repairs to his back gate.  At eight the guy promised to be there no later than ten.  Just after ten, he assured Danny that he was only fifteen minutes away.
Now it was eleven thirty, and the repairman still hadn't arrived.  Danny felt an almost uncontrollable urge to yell at somebody.  It didn't matter who.  Maybe Shelby would stop by, wanting to take the sod off the lawn and the shingles off the roof.  Or even better, Maybe Liz Hubbard would call to explain her incredible behavior last night.  Either would provide a perfect opportunity to crank the pressure valves wide open.
But when the phone rang at last, it was just Will Bishop wondering where Danny was.
"I don't want to talk about it," Danny told him, sounding snappier than he intended.
"Is everything alright?" Will asked.
"Yes, everything is just dandy!"
"Ohh-kay.  If you say so, boss."  The reporter sounded suddenly cautious, as if he had just discovered a water moccasin at his feet.
"I'll tell you about it," Danny said.  "But not now.  Right now I'm too pissed at too many people to explain anything."
"Are you pissed at me?"
"Not yet, but give me a few minutes.  What do you need?"
"We were supposed to meet this morning.  I have something to show you."
" I'm stuck here until a repairman shows up.  What is it?"
"I'd rather show you," Will told him.  "After you see it, you'll probably add me to your 'pissed at' list."
"Great news, Will.  Perfect timing.  Come on over."
By the time Will Bishop arrived at Danny's house, the fence repairman was finally there.  He was a lean, middle-aged man with a stubble of salt-and-pepper beard and a tag above one pocket that announced his name as "Leon".  His clothes bore the dirt of previous days' labors, and the smell of sweat and tobacco thickened the air around him.  With the help of a pimple-faced youth who seemed mentally detached from his surroundings, Leon busied himself measuring and estimating, no doubt already considering what premium he could demand to start the repairs right away.  Once in a while he looked up from the tangle of twisted metal and wire to give Danny an appraising glance.
Danny offered no explanation of how things had gotten into such a mess.  Leon had suggested that Danny might want to call his insurance adjustor, or at least take pictures, but Danny said he wasn't going to file a claim.  He didn't feel like explaining the whole ridiculous situation to anyone.
Will arrived a few minutes later and parked on the street.  Stepping gingerly over a twisted gate post that resembled a mangled silver pretzel, He wound through the wreckage to the patio where Danny sat.  On the table beside Danny was a partially eaten fried egg sandwich, a cold cup of coffee, and a pint of Jack Daniels with a double shot already missing.
Will glanced over at the disaster zone, then back at Danny.  "The ex been by?" he asked dryly.
"No.
"Some other woman?"
"Let it go, Will," Danny warned him stonily.  "What have you got?"
"Have you got computer we can stick a CD into?  I've got a video clip I want you to see."
"Sure, come on inside."
"In his office, Danny booted his laptop and turned it over to Will, who fed a CD into the drive.  After a few mouse clicks, the media player launched, and a hazy video clip began.
Despite the poor lighting, Danny recognized the setting.  It was shot in Jezebel's, and the camera was pointed at the table in back that Franks and his cronies called home.  Franks half-faced the camera, slouched back in his chair with one hand holding a long-necked beer bottle.
Across from him sat two men with their backs to the camera.  Both had beers, too.  The place was quiet and the adjoining tables were empty.  The clip must have been shot after-hours.
"I'm just sayin' you sure as hell got to deliver this time," Franks said.  His voice had a hollow, distant tone, as if their conversation was recorded in a cavern.  "No bullshit excuses, and no trying to jack up the price.  If you don't come through, it's your ass, brother."
"Quit doggin' me, Franks.  I got enough things to worry about without you trying to throw another saddle across my back.  I'll make this happen," a man across from Franks said.  "When we get done, I need to get rid of this stuff in a big goddamn hurry."  His deep voice had a familiar gravelly tone.
"Just don't get jittery and careless," Franks advised.  "After this we'll shut everything down until we see how things shake out in Natchez.  But we've got commitments, and we're in this thing together."
"You got that shit right.  We're in it up to our necks."
That's Heck Cherry, isn't it?" Danny said.
"Yeah, it's Franks and Cherry.  But I'm not sure who the other guy is."
"I bet I know," Danny told him.
Franks drank from his bottle and put it on the table where it teetered emptily.  "If you keep your shit together, Heck, everything will be fine.  The drop's set, and you'll get your money as soon as they check the stuff.  Then all you've got to do is break down the lab and lie low.  We've been through this drill before, and we ain't been caught yet, have we?"
Heck Cherry tipped his beer bottle up to drink, turning his head toward the camera just enough to validate his identity.  "Get us another round, Dee," he said to the man beside him.
"That's what I thought," Danny said.  "The other one is Dee Byrne, Cherry's cousin, muscle and gopher.  He's also Ellie's brother, the same fat slug that tried to jump me in Holly Springs."
"Is this about a drug deal, or am I nuts?" Will asked.
"That's what it looks like to me," Danny agreed.
The man beside Cherry rose and walked in front of the camera, blocking the view temporarily as he went behind the bar for beer.  Dee Byrne's fleshy features were unmistakable.  Will maneuvered the mouse and paused the video clip.
"There's more," Will said, "but this is the meat of it."
"How did you get this?" Danny asked.
"A little electronic magic," Will said proudly.  "A friend of mine loaned me the gear.  The camera's hidden in a cigarette pack on a shelf behind the bar.  It transmits to a backpack on the floor under the bar.  It looks like a school book bag that somebody stashed there.  Slick, huh?"
"It's slick, but it's pretty damn risky, too.  What if somebody found it?"
"I closed the night I shot this, and I opened the next afternoon.  I figured nobody would be nosing around behind the bar in between those times."
"You said there was more.  Did they ever say when this 'delivery' was?"
"No.  At least not during the recording.  But it must be a drug deal, and since they mentioned breaking down a lab..."
"Crystal meth," Danny said.
"Probably," Will confirmed.
"Start it back and let's see what else they have to say."
As Byrne retrieved the beers, Franks and Cherry continued their conversation.
"So what's going on down south?" Franks asked.  "Are you clear there?"
"I think so," Cherry said.  "Nelda and Charmaine are sticking to their story about not knowing the stuff was stashed in their shed.  And those other two they arrested are just local flunkies for the Dixie boys.  They don't know squat about where the stuff came from before it got to Natchez."
"So you're sure the women won't talk?" Franks asked.  "Not even to make a deal?"
"They know better.  They know it would only make things worse for everybody, including themselves."
"And they know if they did," Dee added, "we'd have their asses."  He returned with the beers and sat down.
"They knew the chances," Cherry confirmed, "but they like the money.  Kin or not, they know what would happen if they gave us up to the DEA."
Danny and Will were interrupted by a knock on the kitchen door, and Danny went to talk to Leon, the fence guy.  He came back in a minute, got his checkbook, and left again.  When he returned the second time, his face bore a dark scowl.
"I'm in the wrong business if I ever want to get really rich," he said.  "Will, promise me that you'll beat me with a table leg," he added, "if I'm ever stupid enough to let another woman, any woman..."  He stopped short, trying to comprehend what it was exactly that he had let Liz Hubbard do to him.
"I can't promise that, boss," Will grinned, deriving some perverse amusement from Danny's misery.  "Whatever it was she did, whoever she is, it's probably going to happen again.  That's the kind of guys you and I are.  They set us up like sideshow stooges, and we fall for it over and over."
"Why don't you just go to hell, Will," Danny grumbled.  "I'm looking for empathy now, not the damn truth."
"How many copies of that thing are there?" Danny asked.
"This one, and one on my hard drive at home.  I also mailed a second CD to myself in Montana.  Dad will keep it for me."
"Then the next question is, what do we do with it now?"
"Turn it over to somebody, I guess.  The FBI, or the DEA  Somebody."
"Let's think about this a minute, Will," Danny said.  "Come in the kitchen and I'll put a fresh pot on."
As he made coffee, Danny raised another question.  "Even with this clip, do we have any real knowledge that a crime has been committed, or will be?"
"It couldn't be plainer," Will said.  "They talked about a delivery and a lab.  It's got to be meth, or something similar.  Ecstasy, maybe.  I don't know if you can whip those designer drugs up in your kitchen.  But my money is on crystal meth."
"But is the evidence there?" Danny asked again.  "If it is, then our legal obligation is clear.  But if not, we have a little room to maneuver."
"Why do we want to maneuver?"
"Think about it, Will.  If we hand that CD to the law, all we'll get is a handshake and a shove out the door.  But there might be real news potential here.  Edwin Raines was never a story, but this might be.  Let's start thinking like reporters and look at what we want in return.  An exclusive maybe, or at least access to inside information."
"We're an entertainment magazine, Danny," Will said.  "Hello."
"Hello yourself, Will.  I'm owner and publisher, and my magazine is whatever I decide it is.  If I want my front cover and my anchor story to be hard news about a big drug bust, guess what's going to be on the cover?"
"Interesting," Will offered.
Danny poured two steaming mugs of coffee and took a seat at the table across from Will.  Outside, Leon and his helper seemed determined to make as much noise as possible as they fell to work on the damaged gate.
"Let's put a plan together," Danny suggested.  "When those guys outside are finished, I'll head for the office and brief Lottie.  I want you to burn a couple more CDs and make sure they're beyond the reach of any search warrant or subpoena.  Then erase it from your hard drive, and run one of those utilities to make sure it's gone.  Until we're ready, nobody can know that clip exists except you, me and Lottie."
"No problem," Will said.  I've got a program that can scour a drive like a Brillo pad."
"What about the copy on the receiver?"
"It's on an SD chip that you can pop right out.  I'll keep it and buy my buddy a new one."
"Okay do that.  And one other thing, Will."
"What's that?"
"Promise me you won't set that gear up in Jezebel's again unless I agree to it."
"I won't," Will promised.  "I didn't tell you before because I knew you'd say no.  But after what happened to Marcy, I made up my mind that somebody was going to pay.  Now I'm more sure than ever that Franks was responsible."
"How is Marcy?" Danny asked.  "Is she still unconscious?"
"I'm going by the hospital later," Will said.  "I was there yesterday and they said she was better, but they still weren't letting anybody see her."
"Let me know when you find out.  I'll be here or at the office, and I have my cell phone with me."
"You'll know when I know," Will promised.
* * *
Late that afternoon Danny was still home, his frustration swelling to new levels with each passing hour.
Smelling money, Leon the fence guy was fortunate enough to discover unexpected complications that would increase the cost of the job.  Only Danny's threats to halt the work, stop payment on the check, and bring his lawyers in on the negotiations convinced Leon that their original deal was not such a bad one.
Danny called Lottie Batayanga at the magazine and filled her in on Will's clandestine video and its possible implications.  Lottie was excited by the possibility of an exclusive story big enough to perhaps even warrant a special edition.  It would cost Danny a bundle, but the prestige would earn them long-term benefits.
"That fits in with a proposal I'm putting together for you," Lottie said.  "Our recent research indicates that both our readers and advertisers would like to see more investigative material in the content mix.  This might be just the right fireworks to get our name out there as a hard news provider."
"I'm ready to take the risk," Danny told her.  "The investigative reporter in me is sitting up in his grave and shaking the dirt off.  But let's take small steps for now.  First, we have to get our exclusive."
After the call to Lottie, Danny screened his calls with caller ID.  He let one from Liz Hubbard's mom, and another later from his dad, both go unanswered.  He couldn't imagine how Liz might have described last night's blow-up to them, but for now he just wanted to put it out of his thoughts.  Her withdrawal from deep therapy had clearly been a bit premature.
Will Bishop called about five.  Outside, Leon the fence guy was just testing the operation of the new remote control apparatus he had installed.
"Where have you been?" Danny asked.  "I was expecting to hear from you two or three hours ago."
"Dig this, boss," Will laughed.  "I've been downtown getting grilled to the Feds."
"Why?"
"They nabbed me at The Med when I went to check on Marcy.  Who, by the way, they have moved to an 'undisclosed location.'"
"This is starting to sound complicated.  Maybe you better start at the beginning," Danny said.
"Okay, but I'm not so sure we can consider our phone calls private anymore," Will warned.  "I'm using my landlady's cell, which I'm sure is okay, but we don't know about your line."
"Oh Jeez!"
"So, after I left your house," Will began, "I went by The Med and asked at the intensive care desk about Marcy.  The woman left for a minute, and when she came back, two guys that looked like Serpico and Popeye Doyle came with her.  Shoulder holsters, thousand-yard stares, the whole package.  They asked if they could talk to me, and I could tell that 'no' wasn't on the list of acceptable answers."
"They took me to an office they had appropriated and showed me their credentials.  One was named Paxton, and the other was Feldman.  Both DEA.  They explained that they knew I wasn't a student working as a bar-back at Jezebel's.  They knew all about me——real name, home address, where I worked, where I grew up, shoe size, boxers instead of jockeys——the works.
"I told them I worked the Jezebel's job to pick up some money on the side.  And I used a different name so I wouldn't have to pay taxes on my earnings.  I asked them about Marcy, but all they'd say was that she is in protective custody.  They wouldn't say where, or how she was."
"Well, we can work that problem separately.  Between us, I bet we can learn something."
"Probably," Will agreed.  "So anyway, these two started pumping me for information.  Why was I really working at Jezebel's?  Who were the people I knew there?  Had I witnessed any illicit activities or seen anything strange?  I stuck to my second job story, but they knew I was lying.  Finally they asked me if I'd rather have this conversation downtown.  I swear to God, they did.  Just like in the movies.  I said whatever, and off we went.
"We spent two hours downtown chasing each other in circles and not getting anywhere.  But do you know what the kicker is?  When they gave up, they wouldn't even drive me back out to The Med to get my car.  I had to catch a bus."
"We wouldn't want our tax dollars spent frivolously hauling riff-raff like you all over the city, would we?" Danny teased.
"I don't know what the big deal is," Will complained.  "Can't a guy work a second job to earn beer money and make ends meet?  It's not like I'm getting rich working for you."
"I don't even know what I'm paying you," Danny answered, "but I'm sure it's too much."  They were playing to eavesdroppers on the line now, although Danny seriously doubted that anyone was there.
"So you didn't learn anything about Marcy?"
"No."
"What about the other thing you were going to do?"
Couldn't.  Not yet."
"Okay.  The fence is fixed, and I'll be at the office early tomorrow.  You do the same.  I don't mind you moonlighting, but I don't want it interfering with your day job for me.  We get little enough work out of you as it is."
"Yes sir, boss.  I'll be in early.  Yes sir."
As soon as he hung from talking to Will, the phone rang again.  It was his father, and Danny answered this time, immediately setting the tone for the conversation.
"Dad, if you ever even think of trying to match me up with another one of your friend's daughters, I'm going to come down there and bend a putter over that old gray head of yours!"
TWENTY-TWO
Long Southern Night
Danny stepped into a fresh cow pie as he swung the gate closed behind Will's Blazer.  In the dim moonlight he hadn't seen it, but the putrid odor of half digested fodder, and the spongy feel of his boot sinking into the wet, clingy ooze was unmistakable.  Despite the mess, the smell evoked surprisingly vivid memories of warm summer days playing in the barnyard with his cousins on Aunt Nelda's farm in Arkansas.
The chain Will cut with a set of bolt cutters lay on the ground by the fence, damning evidence of their illegal trespass onto posted land.  But before the night was over, Danny thought, they would have committed so many crimes that cutting the chain might not even make it into their indictments.
"Whew!  Smells like you found yourself a fresh one," Will noted as Danny got back into the truck.
"It could be worse," Danny said.  "I could be the poor slug who has to clean cow shit from his truck floor tomorrow."
"It won't be the first time.  Don't forget I grew up on a Wyoming cattle ranch.  Cow shit's a way of life out there."
Will shifted the Blazer into low and drove forward cautiously, navigating the shadowy pathway through the trees with only his parking lights on.  The ruts in the dirt road were a foot deep in some places, soft with thick red muck, and the weeds alongside grew waist high.  The road saw little traffic, and none since the most recent rain a week before.
"Tell me again what a brilliant idea this is," Danny prompted Will.
"It might not be brilliant, but it makes good sense.  If we need information, here's where to get it," Will said.  "If Heck Cherry is wholesaling pot, where else would he store it?  And if he's cooking crystal meth, where else would he set up his lab?"
"And you're sure you know where we are, and where we're going?"
"Hey, I've got my trusty Garmin," Will said, patting the GPS received in the seat beside him.  "What could go wrong?"
"The possibilities are legion," Danny grumbled.
A low-hanging tree branch appeared before them like a wraith, slapping the windshield and raking the length of the truck.  In the orange glow of the caution lights, weeds and saplings bowed before the Blazer like supplicants.
Will had his plan worked out before he came to Danny with his idea of paying a nighttime visit to Heck Cherry's farm in the hills of north central Mississippi.  He pointed out that if they felt like the digital recording taken in Jezebel's was not enough leverage to get them an exclusive on the story, then they had to go get more proof.
"It's not like we're dealing with the Dixie Mafia," Will had told Danny.  "Cherry's just a nickel-bag shitheel trying to scrounge up enough money to support his addictions until they finally kill him.  His idea of security is probably keeping a shotgun behind the kitchen door.  We know he's got a lab somewhere, and I'm guessing it's somewhere on his farm in the Mississippi hills.  If we can find it..."
On a topographic map, Will plotted a circuitous route along county and Forest Service roads that would bring them to the back of Cherry's farm.  This torturous road through the woods was the last leg on that journey, and Danny could only trust that Will's navigational skills could actually get them there.
The Blazer jolted over a pothole and Danny bounced several inches off the seat.  Ahead, the underbrush and trees appeared as little more than a trackless wilderness of dense woods.  At a fork in the road, Will consulted the glowing, backlit GPS screen, then proceeded down the right branch with confidence, whether real or feigned it was impossible to tell.
Finally they stopped.  Will turned the Blazer into the trees, then maneuvered around until the vehicle was pointed back the way they had just come.  It was an obvious precaution, in case they needed to make a quick getaway.
"We're about a quarter mile away from Cherry's place," Will announced.  "If we go any farther in the truck, they might hear the engine.  So we walk from here on."
"If you say so," Danny said, trying not to sound nervous.  Glancing at his watch, he saw that it was just past midnight.
From the back seat Will grabbed his small pack of gear.  It held a digital camera with infrared capabilities, flashlights and batteries, a map, four bottles of water, two Powerbars, and a bag of beef jerky.  In the bottom of the pack, rolled in a soft oily cloth, was Will's .45 automatic and a spare clip.
"Better to have it and not need it," Will had explained.
They strapped on LED headlamps with the lenses taped so only thin needle of light shined.  Once out of the truck their eyes began to adjust to the moonlight filtering through the trees, but the headlamps would be useful in tricky places.
"Ready?" Will asked.
"Sure, let's get out there and earn our Pulitzers."
Carrying a folded map in one hand and the dimly glowing GPS in the other, Will led out.  Danny followed a few feet behind, straining to spot obstacles on the trail.
The going actually got easier when they left the roadbed and started across the forest floor.  There was less undergrowth to contend with, and except for occasional fallen trees and brush, the going was easy.
The sights and smells reminded Danny of how long it had been since he last tromped through the woods.  In his pre-Shelby days, he and his father sometimes took their .22 rifles and wandered through the forested areas near Whit's house, pot-shooting occasionally at a stump or a hapless squirrel so they could call what they were doing "hunting."  But mostly they just walked, often in silence, enjoying the quiet bond that being out like that reinforced between them.
Shelby hated the out-of-doors.  She had an almost pathological fear of even the smallest forest creatures, and insects of every size and description were her sworn enemies.  Danny had to bribe her with promises of gifts and shopping trips to get her to even consider visiting Whit's place on Sardis Lake, and when she was there, the only times she exposed herself to the sunlight and fresh air was when they drank their morning coffee on the deck or when she lay out tanning.  He never found any incentive tempting enough to get her out in a boat.
Will paused and whistled softly to Danny, then pointed ahead through the trees.  The laser-thin beam of his headlamp glowed in the tiny, hostile eyes of a fat gray opossum.  Hunched at the edge of a blackberry thicket, the animal bared its rows of tiny teeth and hissed a warning at them.  They were intruders in its nocturnal world, not threatening, but unwelcome nonetheless.  It turned at last and waddled off into the undergrowth.  The two men moved on.
Will's route led them down a pine-forested slope and across a six-foot ravine with a narrow creek snaking along its bottom.
"Unless we're lost," Will told Danny quietly, "Cherry's place is just over there."  He pointed toward the tree-lined ridge ahead.  "Are you ready for this?"
"Sure," Danny said.  "The way I see it, the worst-case scenario is that we'll get shot, or arrested, or chewed up by yard dogs.  Or all three.  But we'll have stories to tell our grandkids."
They topped the ridge and walked a short distance down the other side, pausing when they reached a chest high barbed wire fence.  The darkened farmstead lay in the moonlight before them like an oil painting viewed through darkened glass.  Both men reached up and shut off the lights on their elastic headbands.
"I can't believe it," Will said softly.  "I actually got us here!"
"Now you can add 'wilderness scout' to your resume."
The house was a hundred yards away, a two story wood building with a wide porch in front and twin chimneys rising from either end.  Off to their left was a large plank barn, and a few smaller sheds and outbuildings were scattered around the property.  Here and there like unclaimed battlefield corpses were the worthless hulks of old cars and trucks, abandoned pieces of farm equipment, rotting heaps of lumber, piles of salvaged bricks, overturned aluminum boats, discarded appliances, and sundry other refuse and wreckage.
Twenty or so cows stood in a cluster in the middle of the pasture fenced.  They stood eerily still in the moonlight, erect but asleep, like chess pieces on a neglected board.
"Our main worry is dogs," Will said.  "If they see us or hear us, they'll raise a ruckus.  But they're probably asleep somewhere near the house.  We'll be alright if don't make any noise."
"Where shall we look first?" Danny asked.  "The barn?"
"That's not where I'd put a lab," Will said.  "Too big, and too much risk with live animals around.  But we can start there and work our way toward the house."
"What if it's in the house?"
"Maybe, but meth labs tend to blow up, and the chemicals they use are nasty.  If I had a house like that, I wouldn't take the risk.  I'd put it in one of those outbuildings."
Keeping to the edge of the woods, they followed the barbed wire fence until the barn hid them from the house.  Then they climbed the fence and crossed the grassy loam to the barn.
It was a utilitarian building with bare plank walls and a sheet metal roof.  Danny eased a back door open slowly, pausing each time the rusty metal hinges squeaked in protest.  Once inside, they turned their headlamps on and looked around.
It was like any other barn Danny had ever seen.  Tall front doors opened into a large main stall area.  On either side were various smaller rooms used to store feed, tack, and tools.  Bales of hay were stored in a loft above.  An aging John Deer tractor and a flatbed wagon were parked under a lean-to adjoining one end of the barn.
"Nothing here," Will said, "except that old van.  They gave it a cursory inspection.  Rusting springs poked through the driver's seat, and the plates were six years old. The lettering from its previous commercial owner showed dimly through a sloppy coat of white paint on the side panels.  In back they found a decaying sleeping bag and two cases of empty beer bottles.
They left the barn by the back door and worked their way around the edge of the field until they were able to access the next outbuilding in relative safety.
It was past one-thirty, and despite the fatigue he now feet, Danny knew that they still had a few long hours ahead.
The second building appeared to have once been a farm house.  Its walls leaned from rot and fatigue, and all the windows and doors were either broken or completely missing.  A few pieces of furniture were stacked inside, ruined and rotting.  Instead of going in they walked around the outside and shined their lights inside, fearing that one misplaced step on a rotten floorboard might collapse the whole mess on top of them.
The next structure was a six-foot square concrete block building with a shingled roof in good repair.  Will identified it as a well house, but still opened the door and looked inside to confirm that it contained no contraband.
By then they were within about seventy-five feet of the house, and only one outbuilding remained unsearched, a metal storage shed near the edge of what might be considered the backyard of the house.
"So what do you think?" Danny said as they hunkered down beside the well house, considering the scene ahead of them.  The moon had risen higher in the sky, increasing the glow of blue light that bathed the landscape.
"It won't be there," Will complained, discouraged by their lack of results.  Both men realized that the night's effort had been wasted.  "It's not worth crossing that much open ground just to get a look at his lawn mower."
"Nelda and Charmaine Hutsinger had their goods hidden in a shed behind their house," Danny pointed out.  "It seems like a shame to be this close and not take a look."
"But look at that open ground out there, and the moon's shining like a spotlight.  We'd be like those little targets in a carnival shooting gallery."
"We could crawl," Danny suggested.
"Yeah, I suppose.  But there's no use in both of us taking the risk.  I'll go."
"Why you and not me?" Danny asked.
"I've got the camera, and I've got the gun.  And this goat rodeo was my stupid idea in the first place.  I'll go."
Will started forward, crawling on his hands and knees across the open ground toward the utility shed.  He was about halfway there when the whole backyard was unexpectedly splashed in a harsh glare of bright white light.  For an instant Danny was too startled to understand what was happening.
"Shit!" Will rasped.  "Motion sensors!"
Danny quickly located the two spotlights mounted on each end of the house just under the eaves.  "Come back!" he called urgently, and quite unnecessarily.  Will scuttled backward like a crab trying to reach the tide before the gulls got to him.
He reached the relative safety of the side of the well house just as a yellowish brown dog burst from under the back porch, barking and snarling.  The animal raced forward with abandon, and for an instant Danny thought they might have a fight on their hands.  Then the dog reached the end of his chain and was snatched off his feet as if yanked by a powerful, unseen hand.  He tumble to the ground, but leaped up immediately, snarling and barking and choking as he fought the restraint.
"Time to get the hell out!" Will hissed.  He rose and sprinted for the barn, leaning forward like a man in an artillery barrage, not waiting for Danny.  Danny was only a few steps behind.  Back at the house, they heard a man shout angrily.  There was a shotgun blast, and then another.  The gun's report rolled across the open pasture like thunder, seeming to bounce off the line of the trees ahead and roll back at the two running men.  The barn, the nearest trustworthy cover, seemed miles away.
"Damn!" Will complained as he huffed across the pasture.  "I guess I underestimated Cherry's level of paranoia!"
"We're just lucky he grabbed a shotgun instead of a rifle," Danny said, struggling to keep up with Will's long, powerful strides.  "I feel like there's a target painted on my back."
"I'm not sure he ever saw us," Will said.  "He only shot twice, and I bet those shots were up in the air.  He might have thought we were critters coming around to get in the garbage."
"Well I'm not sticking around long enough to test your theory."
"When they reached the cover of the barn they kept running, slowing only briefly to navigate the four-strand barbed wire fence at the edge of the trees.
"Look.  There's an old road here," Will said, pointing vaguely ahead of them.  "Let's follow it.  It'll be easier going than running blind through the woods.  When we get some space behind us, we can stop and try to figure out where the Blazer is."
"Lead the way," Danny said.
They plunged headlong down the narrow dirt road, their feet clumsily navigating the rutted, uneven surface, their faces lashed by low-hanging branches, their breath huffing out of their bodies like chair smokers.
The road arced left and the forest curtain closed behind them.  For a moment it seemed they were safe.  Then Danny heard a noise in the distance that told him they weren't out of trouble yet.  Instead of fading as it should have, the barking of the dog was growing louder and closer.  Either the animal had broken his chain, or his owner had released him.
"We're going to have company in a minute," he cautioned Will.
"I heard," Will called back over his shoulder.
"Any ideas?  We sure as hell can't outrun him."  The dog had clearly found their scent and taken up the chase, growling and baying as he hurtled in their direction.  He would be on them in seconds.
Will halted so suddenly that Danny almost barreled over him.  Will rummaged briefly in his pack, and his hand came out holding his revolver.  He raised it, pointing along their back trail.
"Find a stick," Will said urgently.  "A big one.  In case I miss him."
"Okay, but don't shoot him unless you have to, Will.  I like dogs."
"Me too, but not enough to let one turn me into his chew toy."
Danny rummaged around in the edge of the trees until he found a solid-looking stick about four feet long and as thick as his wrist.  He hefted it, decided it would do, and stepped back into the road beside Will.
A moment later the dog came around the curve behind them, loping with the seasoned stride of a trained hunting dog that knew better than to use all its strength and speed too early in the chase.  He stopped when he spotted the two men standing their ground.  The hair on his neck and shoulders bristled aggressively, and a deep growl rumbled in his throat.  He started forward cautiously, his shoulders hunched and his legs stiff, as it ready to spring at any instant.
The animal looked liked a Labrador mix.  Danny figured he would weigh in at about seventy pounds, not a monster but big enough to do plenty of damage if he put his mind to the job.
"If he rushes us I'm going to put him down," Will said under his breath.  "But be ready with that stick in case I miss." Then louder, speaking to the dog, he said, "Hi there, fella.  You look like a pretty good boy.  Are you sure you wouldn't rather be friends?" His tone was friendly, almost placating, and the dog seemed to lose some of its savagery.
Will pulled a strip of beef jerky out of his shirt pocket and held it forward in his hand.  "How about a snack, old boy?" he offered.  He tossed the jerky forward so it landed in the dirt several feet in front of the dog.
Confronted with the moral dilemma of whether to defend his turf or to eat, the dog made the only sensible choice.  He eased forward to the jerky, sniffed it, glanced up cautiously, then lowered his head and gobbled the treat.
"Good boy!" Will said, as if the animal had just done something terribly clever.  The dog's tail wagged tentatively.
Will dug into the backpack and came out with a Powerbar.  He unwrapped the bar, broke it in half, and tossed half toward the dog.  Again the animal came forward, found the offering and consumed it.  This time, instead of waiting, he started forward to the two men.  The aggressiveness was gone now, and he readily accepted the remainder of the Powerbar from Will's hand.
"That's all I've got to eat, pardner," Will said, "but you're welcome to walk along with us if you want."  He gave the dog's head a quick scratch, the turned and started back down the shadowy dirt road.  Soon the dog trotted out ahead of them, apparently savoring the pleasure of a late-night excursion through familiar territory with his new friends.
After a short distance the dog paused and looked off into the woods to the left, then back at the two men.
"Look, there's a path of some kind heading back into the trees," Danny said.
"Yeah, and it looks like somebody's been down it recently," Will said, shining a thin beam of light from his headlamp at the ground.  "The weeds are trampled, and there's a footprint."
The dog seemed accustomed to this detour, and trotted down the path a few paces before glancing around to make sure the men were coming with him.
"I'm curious," Danny said.  "Let's see where he's going."
A hundred feet into the woods they spotted the dim outline of a structure ahead, a weather-beaten farm house, obviously vacant for decades.  The rusty tin roof had collapsed on one end, skewing all the walls and taking down part of the wide front porch.  At the opposite end the walls were still up and the roof was intact, but it was obvious that after a few more angry spring storms the whole thing would come down.  The front door hung awry on a single hinge.
"When I was a kid I loved exploring old places like this with my dad's metal detector," Will said.  "You could find all kinds of stuff.  Old coins, bullets, silverware, pots and pans, metal buttons, little pieces of riding tack.  I even dug up an old Colt .45 one time.  It was so rusted that the cylinder wouldn't turn, but it still had four cartridges in it.  But after an old bunkhouse came down on top of me, I got a little less adventurous about my treasure hunting."
As they watched, the dog trotted up on the porch and disappeared through the open front door.
"Interesting," Danny said.  "He seems familiar with the place."
"Sure does," Will agreed.  "Let's get a closer look."
They waded through the rubble and knee-high weeds to the back of the house.  The dog was there to greet them, standing on the edge of a back porch that tilted sharply, its block supports gone at one end.  A pile of bulging black trash bags lay just outside the door.
"Those aren't old," Danny noted.
"Nope.  Let's see what's in them."  Will used his pocket knife to slit the side of one of the bags, then spilled the contents onto the ground.  In the pile of refuse were plastic jugs of various sizes and shapes, a drain cleaner can, a couple of Freon bottles, and a variety of over-the-counter cold remedy boxes.
"Do you smell that?" Danny asked.  "It smells kind of like ammonia, but with something else mixed in with it.  Is this what we've been looking for?"
"I'm no expert, but if I get a few pictures of this stuff, I bet I can find somebody who is."
As Will began snapping pictures with the digital camera, Danny stepped tentatively onto the back porch and shined his flashlight around into what must have once been a kitchen.  The flashing of Will's camera behind him made him uncomfortable, but he knew it would be crazy to leave the scene undocumented.
"When you finish, you need to get some shots of the stuff in here," Danny said.  "There's a Coleman stove on the counter, some tanks of propane, some big pots..."  He stepped carefully into the room.  When no floorboards gave under him and no walls collapsed, he moved forward a few more feet.  In a moment Will came to the doorway behind him.
"Pretty smart of old Heck," Will admitted.  "The law could search his house and grounds, but if they didn't know this place was back here, they'd never find a thing."  He began snapping photos of the paraphernalia scattered about the room.
"Yeah, and they could break this place down in a few minutes if they had to.  Then it would be just another old abandoned farmhouse out in the woods."
The roar of a shotgun blast in front of the house was as sudden and unexpected as a heart attack.  A softball-sized hole appeared in an inside wall a few feet from Danny, and the air filled with flying shards of splintered wood.
"Sonsabitches!  You're trespassing!" an angry man roared out from the darkness in the direction of the dirt road.
Danny was first out the door, sprinting toward the trees behind the house.  Will was close behind.  They ran with abandon as the shotgun blasted repeatedly behind them.  Just into the trees Danny's foot caught on something and he sprawled face-first into the thick mulch of decaying leaves on the forest floor.  Will immediately hauled him up and they raced on.  He was aware of a throbbing in one ankle, but adrenalin surged through him and he never slowed until they topped a short rise and fell to the ground to catch their breath and listen.
The dog hadn't taken up the chase this time and the woods behind them were quiet and still.
"I don't think he came after us," Danny rasped.  It was as much a heartfelt wish as an observation.
"Maybe not, but we can't count on it," Will said.  "These are his woods and he probably knows them as well as he knows the frets on his favorite guitar.  We need to keep moving until we're back in the truck and out of here."
"And the truck is...?"
Will consulted the glowing screen of the GPS receiver in his hand and pointed.  "That way."
As Danny rose, pain stabbed at his left ankle.  Will saw him stagger and reached for his arm.
"What's the matter?"
"I damaged something when I fell," Danny said.  Taking his weight off the ankle lessened the pain, but didn't stop it.
Will went to his knees, raised Danny's pants leg, and probed the ankle gingerly.  "No bones sticking out.  That's a good sign.  But it's swelling.  Can you walk on it?"
"Do I have a choice?"
"Not unless you want me to carry you.  It wouldn't be a good career decision to leave the boss behind."  Will used his belt to strap a couple of stout, foot-long sticks on each side of Danny's ankle, then got him another to use as a staff.  "Tell me if the pain gets to be more than you can handle.  I don't think I really could carry you very far, but I could support you well enough to hobble along on one leg."
Starting to move again, they went off at a right angle to the course they had been following, which both men hoped might throw Cherry off their trail if he was still following them.  But Danny's guess was that he hadn't chased them far.  Each time they stopped for a breather there was no sound in the woods behind them, and even the dog had disappeared.
A half hour passed before they reached the truck.  It seemed to simply materialize out of the gloomy shadows ahead, and was as welcome as the first day of spring.
"Will, I'll never doubt your woodcraft again," Danny vowed.  He climbed into the passenger seat with difficulty, while Will got behind the wheel.
They were about to leave when Danny began to notice a change in the woods back in the direction they had come.  A distant dim light glowed through the treetops and reflected from a bank of low clouds passing over.  It looked almost like the precursor of dawn.  But the direction was north, not east, and the real dawn was still hours away.
"Look," he said, pointing to the phenomenon.
"Weird," Will said.
"He's burning it, isn't he?"
"That would be my guess."
"But why?" Danny wondered.  "Why not just shut it all down like they talked about in the recording?"
"He must have seen the camera flash before he started shooting," Will said.  "He knows that someone has pictures of his setup, so breaking it down isn't enough anymore.  But if the house is gone, who's to say where the pictures were actually taken?"
"That blows our night's work," Danny grumbled.
"But we both saw it," Will pointed out.  "We could still testify that it was there and the pictures are real."
"Testify?" Danny said.  The word had an ugly ring to it.
TWENTY THREE
Accountable for His Sins
Danny knew he was in for a drubbing as soon as he spotted Caulder Raines through the beveled glass panes of his front door.  Although she saw him coming down the hall, hobbling uncomfortably on his painfully-swollen ankle, she continued to pound the door, as if the very act of crashing her fist against something helped vent the rage she clearly felt.
Danny unlocked the door and opened it with dread.
"Morning, Caulder.  I guess this isn't a social call," he said, trying without any noticeable effect to lighten her mood.
Caulder came at him head-on, not doing him any physical harm at first, but angry enough to keep that option open.  Danny backed away in instinctive retreat.
"I thought you were my friend!  I thought we had an understanding!  I thought you were helping me because that's what you said you were going to do.  You son of a bitch!"
Danny didn't respond, didn't protest or argue, because she hadn't said anything with enough substance to it to build a protest around.  Finally he offered, "I am your friend, Caulder." Pretty weak.
Caulder raked him with a glare that could have flash-fried bacon.
"Come in the den," he offered.  "I don't know what you're mad about, but let's talk through it and get you calmed down."
"Taking a taser to your sorry ass might calm me down," Caulder suggested.  "Heck Cherry came by to see me this morning, and he gave me an earful about what you've been up to."
Danny got a hollow feeling as if his insides had been vacuumed out, but he managed to resist muttering the "Oh shit!" that nearly spilled out.  In the den he sat on a sofa, but she was too wound up to sit.  She strode to the fireplace and stared at a small porcelain clock on the mantle a moment, as if mustering her resources.  She wore a cream-colored velour jogging suit and tennis shoes with no socks.  Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail, and she had on no makeup, not even lipstick.  She looked like she left home in a hurry.
Finally she spun and confronted Danny like a prosecutor about to drop a bombshell on the accused.
"Did we or did we not agree that your little forays to Natchez would end, and that we would give up the idea of ever trying to out what in the hell my dear, silly, dead little husband got himself mixed up in down there?"
"We did," Danny said, suddenly feeling legalistic about his responses.  Just answer the questions.  Don't volunteer anything.
"Heck told me that you were in Natchez a week ago, harassing two of his cousins who are accused of drug trafficking.  And after you got through badgering one of them for information, you got her drunk and tried to take her home so you could hide the old salami.  Christ almighty, Skerett!  Don't you have any self restraint whatsoever?"
"I didn't promise you that I'd never go back to Natchez for the rest of my life, Caulder!  I went on business...not your business, but my own.  I met with a contact at the local newspaper about a feature we're working on together."
"And while you were there, you figured you might as well have a tumble with one Edwin's running buddies, huh?"
"I ran into Nelda Hutsinger in a club," Danny conceded.  "She was very drunk and definitely willing, but the prospect disgusted me.  I got the hell out of there by a back door."
Caulder sat down across the room, but refused to relax.  She leaned forward with her forearms on her knees, still wound tight, still in interrogation mode.  There were faint dark moons under her eyes and her features looked strained and pinched, as if from lack of sleep and too much bottled up tension.
"Heck also told me about your trips to Holly Springs.  He said you kept trying to get information from a woman there, another cousin, for God's sake, that he claimed Edwin actually lived with part of the time.  Did you know my husband was shacked up with her before he died?"
"The woman's name is Ellie Byrne.  She and her niece were in desperate circumstances, and Edwin helped them.  Why, I don't know.  Edwin got them a place to stay, and spent some time with them occasionally.  But the place is a duplex, and Edwin had separate quarters.  She insists he wasn't interested in sleeping with her, and I believe her."
"And you decided not to tell me about this?  Even though you were supposedly looking into all of this as my dear friend and advocate?"  She spat the words out as if she was describing something disgusting on the sidewalk.
"I would have.  I planned to.  But the last time we talked, you made it clear that you wanted to end all of this and let the past be buried so you could get on with your life and your career.  I decided this would be one more skeleton buried in the coffin.  What good would it have done to tell you about Holly Springs?  It would only put more questions in your mind and make it harder for you to forget."
"Well it's sure not buried anymore, is it mister?" Caulder snapped.  "Heck Cherry seems to know more about what my husband was doing than I do.  He knows about Edwin being in Natchez, and he knows about Holly Springs.  The idea that he'd keep all of that to himself is ridiculous." The hurricane of anger was waning, but its tailing winds still swirled around them.
"So what?" Danny said.  "Heck Cherry is a degenerate, a drunk, and an addict.  His career is on the dung heap, and everybody in the music business knows he's full of shit."
"It's not that clean and simple, Danny.  The rumors that spun off of this could do plenty of damage.  If things got really bad, my deal with Unslung Heroes could dematerialize right before my eyes.  And if they ditched me over a scandal, no other legitimate band would ever take a chance on me."
Caulder's tone drifted smoothly from angry to plaintive.  Concern etched across her tired features.  If this was any other woman, she might surrender to tears about now.  But Caulder Raines wasn't the crying kind.  It wasn't in her hard-shelled business woman's nature.  Even now, this was all about her business and the harm her dead husband's past might do.
"I am truly sorry, Caulder," he told her.  "I'll still do anything I can to help you out with this, if you ever feel like calling on me again.  But nothing I've done has contributed to these problems.  Edwin did what he did for his own private reasons, and we can't change that." His words resonated like a cop-out, but they were true.
"But you're the one that got Heck all stirred up," Caulder pointed out.  "He's got you pegged for some kind of maniac.  He even claimed you came down to his farm in Mississippi and burned down a building there or something."
"That's pretty crazy," Danny replied, glad that he didn't have to look her in the eye and explain that mess.  He and Will hadn't set fire to the abandoned house in the woods, but what they had done was bizarre enough.
"I'm beginning to think he is crazy," Caulder admitted.  "I was actually getting frightened before I finally got him out of my house.  His eyes were wild and they didn't even seem to look in the same direction.  He paced the room the whole time he was there, watching the doors and windows, talking very loud, and sometimes babbling things that didn't make a bit of sense.  Before he left, he told me to give you a message.  He said you'd better be careful where you stick your pecker or it's going to get wrapped around an axle.  What does that mean?"
"I have no idea, but it sure sounds painful."
Caulder rose unexpectedly and went to a shelf where an assortment of liquors sat in cut glass containers.  Shelby had considered that display the height of deep south chic, and always made sure the little refreshment center was stocked with only the best.  She could rattle off the brands like a mother reciting her children's names.
"Want one?" Caulder asked, lifting a decanter.
"No before breakfast," Danny told her.
"What's this one?
"Bourbon.  Gentlemen Jack Rare, I believe."
"Just the stuff." Caulder sloshed a healthy shot into a highball glass and gulped it down, then filled the glass about half full, apparently for more reflective sipping.  She didn't seem to mind the lack of mixers and ice.
Caulder returned to her chair with the drink.  "You can't imagine the pressure I've been under these past few weeks.  Even before Heck came, it was already hell.  Two of the guys in Unslung Heroes had a big row about creative control, and peripherally about money, of course.  I thought we were going to have to cancel one whole leg of the concert tour because they didn't think they could go on a stage together and perform.  Now some hussy over in Austin is claiming the keyboard player knocked her up, and it's causing trouble in his marriage.  He swears it isn't true, but he's refusing to give a court-ordered DNA sample.  We've got a lawyer headed to Austin to see what kind of dollar figure the family's got in mind.
"I promised myself that this weekend I was going to take at least one whole day off without even thinking about work.  My body and my mind are screaming for some down time.  But at four this morning Heck Cherry stormed in and started ranting and raving about you."
"He's standing on a ledge," Danny agreed.  "He could go over about any time.  But that's no reason to believe every damn fool thing he says, Caulder.  About Edwin, or about me."
"I know.  I know.  But even after I got rid of him and went back to bed, I just laid there thinking about the things he said.  By daylight it all seemed to make sense, and I was ready to come over here and gnaw you into little pieces.  Now I don't know what to think."
Caulder drained the glass, grimacing as the bourbon burned its way down, then returned to the liquor shelf.  Danny thought she would pour another, but instead she set the glass down.
"I probably need to get drunk," Caulder said with a crooked grin devoid of mirth.  "Or laid.  Or both."
"Those things don't solve problems," Danny told her, "but they can sure keep your mind off of them."
"Yep, that's what I need to do.  Definitely.  I'm going to put them on my first available opportunity list."  She started toward the door as if to leave, and Danny rose to see her out.  But then she stopped close to Danny and captured him with a penetrating gaze.  He had the unnerving feeling that she was probing around inside his head, trying to determine what was real, what was true, and what he still might be holding back.
A smile began in her eyes, then spread to cause a slight upturn of her lips and dimpling of her cheeks.  It was a knowing, captivating smile, and for an irrational instant Danny believed that she was about to kiss him.  Maybe she had decided the time was right to polish off one of those to-do tasks.
But the next moment provided disappointing evidence of how wrong his instincts could be.
"Oh, there is just one other thing, Danny.  I want you to send me all the stuff you've accumulated while you were helping with this Edwin thing," she said.  "The bank records, the keys, the things you took from his office.  The works."
"Sure.  No problem."
"Thanks, Danny.  You take it easy," she told him with an offhand wave as she started out.  "And stay clear of those axles, mister."
He saw her out, then went straight to his office to carry out the mandate Caulder had given him.  As a good-faith gesture, he'd FedEx the stuff over to her house that same afternoon.
He began pulling the accumulated papers out of his top desk drawer and stacking them in a pile on his desk.  At one point, he paused to look at a newspaper clipping of the two Raines brothers posing before the mantle in their now-destroyed business.  He remembered seeing a framed version of the picture on the desk in Edwin's office, and thinking at the time that he might like to have a version of the African warrior display in the picture in his own home.  Mounting a collection of tribal spears, shields, and hideous ceremonial masks above one of the dignified marble mantles would certainly sent Shelby into a shrieking tirade, which only gave the idea more appeal.
It might be interesting work for Edwin's brother Martin.  Give him a wall with a mantle, perhaps the one in the den where he and Caulder had just talked, and tell him to "bwana" it up.  Martin would certainly be willing, especially considering his tenuous foothold in the antique business.
When everything was gathered, Danny got a FedEx box, and carefully packed all the stuff into it.  He had no further use for all this, even if he decided to continue against Caulder's explicit wishes.  He had already scanned all the papers into his computer, and electronic images of them resided safely on the hard drive of the laptop.  Caulder would get her papers, and perhaps her confidence in him would be at least partially restored.  The only problem was that he knew he no longer deserved that confidence.
When the box was sealed, labeled, and ready to go, Danny made a phone call before heading upstairs to shower and change.
"Okay, Will.  You were first to come up with a damned foolish idea, and it didn't end up so bad, "Danny said.  "Now I guess it's my turn."
"What have you got in mind?" Will asked.
Danny explained what he wanted to do, then designated a place downtown for them to meet later that afternoon.
"Better put your car in long-term parking, boss," Will drawled.  "If this doesn't work out the way you plan, it might be a while before you can pick it up."
* * *
The DEA office was on the sixth floor of a nondescript brick building on Front Street in downtown Memphis.  Norm Paxton, one of the two agents who "invited" Will here a few days before, was clearly intrigued by Will's unexpected return, and the fact that he brought his boss this time aroused the agent's interest even more.  He was cordial at first as he led his visitors to one of the small interview--or perhaps interrogation--rooms.  He offered them coffee and refreshments.  Danny could tell that geniality didn't come easy to him, nor was it probably a skill he often needed in his line of work.
Paxton was a little shorter that Danny, but he looked like he worked out.  The muscles of his shoulders strained the fabric of his short-sleeved shirt, and his tanned, hairy arms were corded and thick.  His innocuous face, neither handsome nor ugly, was the kind that might be easily forgotten.  His hair was close-cut in an almost military style.  His eyes were watchful and quick, seeming to capture details like a camera.  After only a minute around him, Danny felt that Paxton could probably pick him out of a lineup a year from now.
Danny started wondering if he was up to the fencing match he was about to initiate.
Danny and Will declined the offer of coffee.  They sat at a plain wooden table on equally austere wooden chairs, and Paxton got right to it.
"So what's on your mind today, guys?" he asked.
"We're hoping that you can tell us where Marcy Doe is and how she's doing," Danny said.  "She's our friend, and we're concerned that she seems to have disappeared."
"What makes you think I might have that information?" Paxton asked.  His tone was straightforward, neither aggressive, nor helpful.
"You and another agent named Feldman questioned Will a few days ago when he went to The Med to visit Marcy.  If you were interested enough in his relationship with Marcy to bring him down here to your offices for questioning, then you probably know what's happened to her."
"Are you sure?" the agent replied.
"Come on, man!" Will blurted out.  "You know where she is!"  Danny gave him a pointed glare.  They had agreed that Danny would do most of the talking because he was less likely to lose his temper during the meeting.
"This should be easy," Danny suggested.  "We'd just like to know if she's in protective custody, and if she's receiving good medical care.  I promised to help with her medical expenses, and if she's charged with a crime, I want to help with legal representation." Danny paused and gazed directly at Paxton.  "I haven't gotten my lawyer involved yet, but he's standing by."
A vaguely disdainful look crossed Norm Paxton's face, and for a instant he seemed about to actually roll his eyes.  Clearly the threat of legal action did not bother him.  He rose and paced to the window, glancing out briefly toward Confederate Park, which lay across Third Street.
"Look Mr. Skerett.  Even if we had Marcy Doe, which I'm not confirming, she would not be charged with anything, and she would be willingly cooperating with us.  Drag as many lawyers as you want into this, but it won't change anything.  We've got lawyers too, you know.  Hell, I've got a law degree myself.  We could get your guy so tangled in the system he'd be drawing social security before anything got done.  And all the time, his meter would be ticking, and you'd be paying."
"If Marcy is in trouble, charged or not, she has a right to legal representation," Danny pointed out.  "If her rights are being violated, one good lawyer is enough to convince a judge of that.  My guy is good, and I've never objected to his rates."
"Let's get one thing straight right now," the DEA agent said.  "Nobody's rights are being violated.  If Miss Doe asks for a lawyer, she'll get one.  But so far she hasn't."
Before coming here, Danny and Will had brainstormed the possibilities.  Their best guess was that sometime in the past Marcy had gotten into trouble, probably because of drugs, and the authorities used that as leverage to recruit her as an informant.  In skilled hands, someone like that could be tossed around like a beach ball from one agency to another, with no clear understanding of who controlled them or when it might end.  It could be very dangerous for the poor hapless pawn trapped in the middle ground between law breaker and law enforcer.
That's what they figured happened to Marcy.  But finally Franks, or someone in his wolf pack, had discovered, or maybe just suspected, Marcy's duplicity, and a near-fatal beating was her payoff.
Right or wrong, that was the game, and Danny guessed that a veteran like Paxton had long ago quit feeling much sympathy or concern for the small-time users and addicts they manipulated to get information on the big guys.  But Danny and Will felt differently.
Danny decided that it was time to up the stakes.
"Will told me that you questioned him about his job at Jezebel's," he said.  "Apparently he was not as cooperative as he might have been."
"That's putting it mildly," Paxton said.  He gave Will a mean look, and his voice got harder.  "He's a real smartass.  We know why he's really working there."
"You might know more than I do then, Agent Paxton.  I don't tell my employees what to do in their off-hours.  If Will wants to moonlight somewhere, that's his choice.  But I did know about his job at Jezebel's..."
"I bet you did," Paxton interjected.  He wasn't buying this line.  Danny hadn't expected him to, but it didn't matter.
"...and recently he told me that he suspected some strange things might be going on there.  Illegal activities, perhaps."
"No shit," Paxton said.  "That revelation cracks the case for us.  Excuse me while I ask the SWAT team to lock and load."
Danny ignored the sarcasm.  "Will has no direct knowledge of anything, nor do I," he said.  "I won't make excuses for him, but when he talked to you the other day, whether he acted like a smartass or sang Dixie for you, I believe him when he says he had no information to give you."
"So I guess that leads me back to my first question, Mr.  Skerrett.  What's on your mind?  Why are you here?"
"Well that could change.  Who knows when he might find out something that could be useful to you?"
"And if he did, I'm sure he'd trot his young patriotic tail right back here and tell us all about it," Paxton said.
"I don't see why not," Danny said.  "How about it, Will?"
"I understand my civic obligation," Will said, "and I don't want to protect scumbag drug dealers and criminals.  But I'm worried about what might happen to Marcy when the dominoes start falling.  I'd hate to think she'd get pulled into any of this."
Paxton rose, strode to the window, and sat on the sill.  Shaking his head, he regarded Danny and Will as if he was looking at two borderline idiots who were trying to work some shallow, worn out scam on him.
"Look, you two pork chops," he said at last.  "You've wandered onto thin ice, and the temperature's rising, boys.  I knew what you were up to the second you walked in.  But for the record, why don't you let me have it straight up."
"Sounds reasonable," Danny said.  "Will's job at Jezebel's gives him unique access to a location of interest to you.  We'd like to know if it would be appropriate for him to come to you with any information he might come across."
"Appropriate," Paxton said.  He repeated the word as if it was unfamiliar to him.
"Well it is your case, isn't it?"
"You know I can't answer that.  I won't even verify that there is a case."
"Then I guess you were questioning me about a hypothetical non-case the other day," Will said.
"Let me put it this way," Paxton volunteered.  "If you came in and told me about some illegal activity you were aware of, I could make sure it went into the right pipeline.  That's as much as I'm willing to say."  He paused, gazing from one to the other of them from a moment, then said, "But that's not all, is it?  I've nibbled at your little pathetic hunk of bait, so go ahead.  Set your hook."
Danny just grinned at him.  He actually liked things better when they were straight up like this.  "We want you to clear Marcy Doe's record, and let her go with us as soon as she's able to leave whatever medical facility you have her tucked away in.  Her usefulness to you is probably over, and we'd like a guarantee that she's out of this mess for good.  No charges, no threats of charges, and no testimony somewhere down the line."
"Is that it?  Why do I have the feeling that there's more?"
"Just one other small thing," Will grinned.  "But it's unofficial.  We'd like an exclusive on the story when everything goes down."
"When what goes down?" Paxton asked.
"Whatever it turns out to be.  The SWAT team rappelling out of helicopters onto the roof of Jezebel's  Or the two am roundup of all the usual suspects.  Or the shootout on Madison at high noon."
"You want the big scoop," Paxton said.
"Something like that," Danny said.
"Do I need to remind you that you own a monthly entertainment magazine, Mr. Skerett?  It's not like you can be out on the streets the next morning with an 'extra.'"
"You let me worry about that," Danny said.
Again the DEA agent shook his head, as if amazed at the stupidity he was witnessing.  "I've got to warn you two jack-offs," he said, "that you're about one minute from taking a walk with me to a holding cell.  If you have information, you need to hand it over.  No deals.  Just a simple act of good citizenship and self preservation.  That's how this is going down."
"We don't have anything," Danny said.
"But we might," Will added.  "Soon."
The muscles in the DEA agent's jaws clenched and he fought back anger.  It was clear that his patience had expired.  "Get out of here," he said finally.  "But take this advice with you.  Think about what's right, and think about who the bad guys are.  Then pick a side.  That should be easy for a couple of clever dudes like you.  There's only two to choose from."
Three minutes later Danny and Will were outside walking toward the garage where their cars were parked.
"Well that sucked," Will observed sourly.  "He had our nads in his hand the minute we walked in the door."
"Probably so," Danny agreed.  "But I couldn't think of anything better to try.  At least now they know Marcy has friends.  Maybe it will make them feel more accountable about how they're handling her."
"I just wish we knew where she was and how she was doing."
"For now, maybe she's better off with them.  They'll protect her and see that she gets the medical attention she needs."
"Yeah, for the time being," Will agreed.  "And then what?  When she's better will they put her back on the street?  Or worse, back into some rat's nest like the one at Jezebel's?"
Entering the concrete parking garage, the late afternoon temperature rose ten degrees in a few steps.  Danny and Will had parked one level down in the multi-story structure.
"You know what surprised me most about that meeting, Will?" Danny asked.  "I actually liked the guy!"
"We'll have to agree to disagree on that one, boss," Will said.  "We might as well have been talking to a fire plug for all the good it did us coming down here."
"Maybe we need to give the man more credit," Danny said.  "Whether or not we wanted to hear it, what he said is right.  They are the good guys, and eventually we're going to have to give them what we've got, even if it doesn't do Marcy one bit of good.  But who knows?  We might have set some gears in motion."
"So what do we do now, Danny?  Just wait?"
"We keep on doing what we've been doing.  But carefully.  Very carefully."
TWENTY-FOUR
Secrets Down a Dusty Road
Danny cursed himself for not bringing the Nova instead of the Mercedes as he watched the clouds of brown dust churn up in his car's wake.  He winced every time he heard a piece of gravel ping off a fender, imagining huge gouges in the car's immaculate white paint job, and he hated to contemplate the havoc this powdery abundance of Mississippi Delta dust was wreaking within the car's carburetor and other finely-tuned machinery.
The road south from Natchez had steadily deteriorated, first from a smoothly-paved US highway to a narrower, poorly maintained state road, and then to a county road as pocked and pitted as a Bosnian mine field.  This final mile or two along a rutted, graveled track called Turtle Slough Trace was without doubt the most miserable leg of the journey.
He just hoped the answers he sought here were worth the abuse his beautiful, expensive automobile was suffering.
It had taken plenty of digging and ingenuity to get a lead on the woman whose name appeared on the birth certificate for Misty Gault that her aunt Ellie had given Danny a few days earlier.  The information on the document matched the official birth record in the Adams County courthouse in Natchez, but finding the woman herself proved far more difficult.  There was no listing in any other county records, or even in the local phone directory, for a woman named "Wilda Federman."
It was possible, even probably, that the mother had long-since moved away.  If she was a young, unwed mother whose situation was so desperate that she gave up her baby at birth, how likely was it that she still lived here after fifteen years?
If she was still here, there was a good chance that she had now married, taken her husband's name, and made a fresh start.  In that case, she probably wouldn't be eager to relive the desperate circumstance that led her to pass her newborn child into the hands of strangers.
But he resolved to try.  Many things had confused him during his long quest to retrace Edwin Raines activities during the year before his death, but none was more puzzling or intriguing than this strange triangle that connected Memphis, Natchez and Holly Springs.  Why Edwin had investd so much time and attention to it was perplexing.  What business was it of his, and what had he discovered that might have caused his death?
Danny would love to simply ask the Hutsinger sisters who Wilda Federman was and what part they played in the transfer of her baby to their cousin in Holly Springs, but he knew that door was closed to him.  If he tried to contact them, they would report it back to Heck Cherry, and it was anyone's guess what that junked up lunatic might do.  And the Feds probably wouldn't be too thrilled about it either.
That left only one other place to seek the information he needed--the mother herself.  If he could find her.
He finally caught a break when he visited Darden Ramsey at the Natchez Democrat.  A half hour and a few phone calls later, Ramsey handed him a slip of paper with a rural route address for Wilda Federman in an isolated rural community a dozen miles south of Natchez.  One of Ramsey's contacts at the local utility company had come through with the information.  Then, incredibly, directions to Turtle Slough Trace showed up on the GPS mapping device built into the dashboard of the Mercedes.
Ramsey also gave Danny a resume and a portfolio of his best news stories.  He figured he had paid his dues at this small-town daily, and he was ready to see what other opportunities were available somewhere else.  Danny promised to look over his stuff as soon as he got back to Memphis.
The house he sought was "just a short ways down Turtle Slough Trace, back off the road a bit in a sweet gum grove," according to the directions grudgingly given by an elderly man in a battered Ford pickup in front of a country store a few miles back.  The man was unclear about whether "a short ways" might translate into one mile or five, but Danny had continued on with vaguely renewed hope.
But for the rusting mailbox perched on a weathered wagon wheel at the roadside, Danny might have missed the turnoff.  The cluster of farm buildings was indeed "back off the road a bit" if a couple of hundred yards constituted "a bit".  The weeds and brush had grown up so thickly in front of the house, barn and outbuildings that they were scarcely visible in the distance.
Having nearly missed the turn, Danny backed up a few yards and turned down the long dirt driveway leading to Wilda Federman's home.
The farm was in the final stages of decay.  The back of the barn had collapsed and most of its tin roof was long gone.  Lush kudzu vines nearly obscured what had probably been a smokehouse, and an ancient tractor lurked in the barnyard like the carcass of some mythical creature.  Random patches of posts and wire gave hints of fences that had once divided the farm into areas of specific function and purpose.  On all sides weeds, junk, vines, bushes, and trash of every variety combined into an awesome stew of human waste and neglect.
It was the kind of abandoned farmstead common to the South where countless small family farms had perished before the relentless onslaught of larger mechanized operations.  But there was one difference here.  This one was still inhabited.
As he parked his car and got out, Danny heard the tinny strains of country music playing somewhere nearby.  Gazing into the shade of the wide front porch, he realized that an old woman was sitting there, a dim still figure, her face in shadow beneath the broad brim of a worn straw hat.
"Afternoon, ma'am!" Danny called out.  "Mind if I come over and chat for a minute?"  For the first time he was glad the shiny white Mercedes was caked and tarnished with the grime of Turtle Slough Trace so the woman on the porch would not see what a fancy vehicle her visitor drove.
"Suit yourself," a voice answered from the shadows.
It was a shotgun style house, with living areas on two sides and a long, open dogtrot down the middle.  It sat on pilings of unmortared field stone, and its unpainted lumber was gray and split with age.  The floor sloped to one side, and all the walls canted at odd angles.  The sagging front porch ran the full width of the house, and was cluttered with pieces of broken furniture and worthless household junk.
As he neared the porch, Danny got a better look at the woman who sat there in a wooden rocker.  She was heavyset, dressed in a faded, ankle-length skirt and a man's long-sleeved shirt.  Beneath the brim of the hat her wrinkled face was old, tired and understandably wary.  Near her on the porch an old electric fan oscillated spastically, and a junk-shop-quality clock radio on a table played a doleful country tune.
She was shelling peas as she watched him approach, her hands functioning efficiently and mechanically above the dishpan on her lap.  On one side of her was a large paper sack of freshly picked pea pods, on the other was another sack for the discarded hulls.
"I'm looking for Wilda Federman," Danny explained.  "A man back at the store gave me directions.  Does she live here?"
The old woman turned her head to the side, raised two fingers to her lips, and shot a slender lance of brown spittle into the dust beside the porch.  Snuff, Danny thought.
"If you're collectin' for the bank, I already tole that man on the telephone that my gov'ment check was late and I couldn't pay nothin' yet."  Her voice was brittle with age and vaguely hostile.
"No ma'am, I'm not," he said.  "My name is Danny Skerett and I just came to talk to Wilda Federman.  Is she here?"
"You ain't no feller from the bank?" she asked again, still cautious.
"No ma'am, I'm not from the bank," Danny repeated.
"Wal then, you can talk to me all you want, but I ain't promisin' I'll talk back."
"You're Wilda Federman?" Danny asked.  He was caught off guard, realizing that he was expecting a woman far younger than this, a woman perhaps in her mid to late thirties.
"Wilda was my great aunt's name.  My daddy named me that 'cause he hoped she'd leave us some money when she passed.  I never liked it myself, but nobody gets to pick their own name, do they?  Not 'less they're a movie star, maybe."
"I'm please to meet you, Mrs. Federman," Danny said, trying on his best disarming grin.  It didn't do any good.  Then he got another idea.  "Say, I've got some cold Cokes out in the car.  Can I get one for you?"
"That'd be fine, I reckon," Wilda Federman allowed.  Danny retrieved his small cooler from the car and opened two cold cans of soda.  The old woman drank deeply from hers without bothering to remove the lump of snuff from her upper lip.  Danny didn't want to contemplate the odd mix of juices and flavors going on in her mouth.
"Mrs.  Federman," Danny began at last, "years ago did you deliver a baby in the Hamilton County hospital?"
"Why I've delivered a sight of babies, young man," she confirmed.  "Some in the hospital, but most right here in my own bed.  I got eight children, tho' you wouldn't guess it seein' the way I got to live now.  Only one of my kids is still home.  My youngest.  My little Randy.  He's eighteen now, a man grown, but he still stays at home to take care of his ol' mama.  He's off workin' now, drivin' a tractor for Mister Bill Wickum.  Mister Bill farms all this land hereabouts." Her arm swept the horizon, indicating the vast acres of crop land surrounding them.  "Randy was born in the hospital, if that's what you're askin'."
"He sounds like a fine young man alright," Danny said.  "But I'm talking about a baby that was born even after him.  Just about fifteen years ago.  A girl."
Wilda Federman's gaze roamed off into the distance as her mind drifted back in time.  "Oh, that one," she said quietly.  "Yes, there was another baby after Randy.  A tiny little girl."
"Can you tell me about her?" Danny asked softly, realizing his questions had touched a tender spot in her memory.
"After Randy, my husband Cage said I shouldn't have no more young-uns, and I knew he was right.  I was goin' on fifty, an' them eight had wore me out, body and soul.  But Cage, he would have his whiskey of a Saturday night, and then when he come dragin' home, he'd have himself something else, too.  I didn't know how to stop no babies from comin' along, not when he'd come home in the middle of the night, wakin' me up and doin' his bidness.  He was always like that, and when we was young, I liked it just fine.  But by that time I didn't like it no more."
"So you got pregnant by accident," Danny prompted.
"Honey, they was all accidents," she smiled.  "But I wouldn't trade a one of them for silver nor gold.  Not even the worst.  Which was Harp, by the way.  They took him off to Parchman when he was twenty-two, and he died there, all cut up by a chain saw that got away from him.  Or so they said anyway.  We never did open the coffin to have a look for ourselves.  We just buried him in the fambly plot at New Hope Church...
"But this girl, the one born after Randy," Danny prompted.
"Yessir, it was hard all the way with her," Mrs. Federman said, switching narratives as easily as a driver shifted gears.  "I was bleedin' pert near all the time for the last month.  And she just didn't feel like the other ones.  I cain't describe it quite.  She didn't move much, didn't kick a'tall.  And she was so little.  Randy come out just over ten pounds, but that next little thing didn't seem like she was half that big.
"When my time came, I told Cage I had to go to the hospital.  He just wanted to call one of the colored women in to help me with the birthin' 'cause we didn't have no money.  But Lawdamercy, it hurt so bad, an' I just kept bleedin'.  I told Cage I thought I might die if he didn't take me to the hospital.  So finally he did."
"Did you make it in time?"
"And then some.  That poor little baby, she didn't want to come into this world, but finally she did, early the next morning.  It didn't surprise me a bit that she didn't come out kickin' and squalling.  By then I had a feeling."
"I don't understand," Danny said.  "What kind of feeling?"
"Why, she was stillborn, honey," Wilda Federman explained softly.  "She was dead.  And prob'ly the best thing for her, too."
"But they revived her, didn't they?" Danny asked, confused.
"No, they couldn't bring her back.  She was blue as the sky, and limp as a dishrag.  Those doctors and nurses couldn't get her to draw the first breath once she was out into this world.  "Sometimes when I see a partic'lar shade of blue, I still think of that poor little dead baby of mine."
"I'm so sorry, Mrs. Federman," Danny said quietly.  The unexpectedness of this revelation stunned him so completely that words nearly failed him.  "I didn't know you lost the baby."
"It's okay, young man," the old woman said, giving him a sad, tender smile.  "I held her for a while, and I kissed her little cold cheeks before they took her away.  Now'n again, it's sorta nice to remember that part of it."
"And then what happened to her?  To the body?"
"Don't know.  Later they give me some papers to sign, and a hospital lady said we didn't have to pay nothin'.  It was just as well.  You can't get blood from a turnip, like they say."
Danny took a drink of soda and stared out across the flat dusty fields around them.  In the distance a tractor was pulling a broad disk across a field, churning up clouds of dust it its wake.  He had been prepared to hear practically anything except this, and now he felt derailed and confused.
"Cage was glad the baby died 'cause we already had too many mouths to feed.  But I just felt sad remembering my lips touching that cold, tiny face.  A couple of days later a man came.  He had more papers to sign, an' he gave me three hundred dollars.  Said it was from the county.  Like insurance or something, he said, although we didn't have any.  Cage took the money and I never saw none of it again."
"Where is your husband now, Mrs. Federman?" Danny asked.
"Run off four years ago, an' good riddance, I say.  Said he was goin' down to the coast to work the oil rigs.  He said he'd send back some money soon as he had some comin' in.  Course I knew that was a lie.  He was too old and whiskey-soaked to hold down a steady job.  We never heard from him again.  Prob'ly died in a ditch or an alley somewheres, and it wasn't no big loss to nobody when it happened."
"Well, at least you've still Randy."
"That's right, honey.  I still got my Randy.  He's swore he won't never leave me 'till I'm laid out and candle lit.  That's the kind of boy I got, and praise God for him."
Danny tried to give Wilda Federman some money as thanks for the information, but she turned it down.  She did, however, accept the cooler and the soft drinks in it.  He bid her goodbye and was about to leave when she stopped him with a question.
"Do you work in the same place in the gov'ment as that other fella that come by here?"
"What other fellow?" Danny asked, turning back.
"A year or so ago.  No, not quite a year, I 'spect.  Little scrawny feller, bald as a trailer hitch.  But nice.  Right nice young man."
"Was his name Edwin Raines?"
The old woman just chuckled.  "Don't ask me to 'call nobody's name that far back.  Some days I can't hardly remember my own name.  But I do recall he asked the same questions as you.  Funny, the both of you bein' so interested in that poor little baby girl that died such a long time ago.  I guess you got your reasons, though."
* * *
Danny planned to spend the night in Natchez so he'd be fresh in the morning for the drive back to Memphis.  But by the time he reached the main highway, his thoughts were so entangled in the discoveries he just made that he cruised right on through Natchez and kept going.
It was past nine when he reached home.  Fatigue had settled in, and the last fifty miles of the drive were a minute-by minute struggle with the seduction of sleep.
Once home, he brought the dogs inside, went straight upstairs, peeled out of his clothes, and fell into bed.
He woke early the next morning to the commotion of the dogs yipping and barking downstairs.  He knew the sound, and knew that Carmella was down there preparing a breakfast feast for the two ravenous beasts.  The maid often spoiled them with whatever treats she found in the refrigerator.  No dinner leftovers or restaurant bags were safe from Carmella. If she didn't feed them to the dogs or eat them herself, she generally carried them home for her husband and children.
Danny showered, groomed and dressed, then went downstairs.  Carmella had his breakfast ready, and he sat down at the kitchen table while she poured his coffee and scooped his food out of a skillet onto a plate.  The huevos rancheros she served him gave him the sensation of having a scuttle of hot coals poured into his mouth, but the blend of tomatoes, spices, peppers and cheese that she added to the egg concoction was irresistible.  His maid enjoyed torturing him food that was too scorching hot to eat but too delicious to refuse.
"I'm thinking about getting some new furniture for the dining room and entertaining at home one of these evenings," Danny told the maid.  He downed half a glass of milk in one desperate gulp, savoring the momentary relief it provided.  Across the table Carmella was drinking a cup of coffee and trying not to laugh.
"Would you come to cook dinner for me and a guest sometime?" he asked.  Inviting Liz Hubbard seemed no longer an option, but it had started him thinking.
"If you pay me extra," Carmella said.  Then, getting a shrewd look, she added, "You pay me double the same time."
"I'll added a bonus if you promise not to send anybody to the emergency room.  Maybe you could agree to leave the peppers, hot sauce and chili powder in the cupboard."
"I cook for you norte americano food, but it won't be so good."
"I'll have to take that chance," Danny said.  The evening might end more successfully if the woman he invited was actually able to enjoy her meal without having to go outside and stick the garden hose in her mouth.
"Sure, sure.  I cook for you nice norte americano food.  I bring my daughter Rosa with me to bring in the food.  She wear pretty dress and call you Senor Skerett.  Maybe you get--what do you say in English?  Maybe you get lucky."
"That would be nice," Danny said, grinning sheepishly.  It seemed somehow desperate now that he thought about it.  What sort of idiot would buy thousands of dollar's worth of new dining room furniture and hire a staff of two at Carmella's exorbitant rates on the off chance that the evening might end with him getting lucky?  Surely there must be a better way.  A trip to Paris or Bangkok for the same purpose might be cheaper.
After breakfast Danny took his coffee and a glass of ice water to his office.  Consulting his notes from yesterday's trip to Mississippi, he picked up the phone and punched in Darden Ramsey's home number in Natchez.
The young reporter answered after several rings, his voice slurry and irritable.  Glancing at his desk clock, Danny realized it wasn't yet seven in the morning.
"Darden? It's Danny Skerett.  Sorry to wake you so early."
"S'okay," Darden mumbled into the phone.  "I was going to get up in four or five hours anyway.  I worked until two last night getting a story ready for today's edition."
Danny ignored the sarcasm and pressed on.  "I've got proposition to put on the table.  I got a idea on my way back from Natchez, and it involves you." 
"Just a minute.  I gotta pee." The phone thunked, then Danny heard the unmistakable patter of urine hitting water, followed by the rushing churn of a toilet flushing.
"Okay, I think I've got my brain engaged now," Ramsey said.  "What's your idea?"
"I need your help again," Danny told him.  "But I can't keep asking you for favors without offering you something in return."
'You've got my attention."
"I want to hire you as a stringer," Danny said.  "The big papers do it all the time.  I'd like to offer you something more permanent, but the young fire-eater who runs my operation would kick my butt if I hired another writer without consulting her."
"I'm not sure what my boss at the Democrat would think about your stringer idea," Ramsey said.
"It would be up to you whether to even want to tell him," Danny suggested.  "All I want to use you for is background investigative stuff, and I'll try not create any kind of conflict of interest situation.  Of course it would mean no bylines for a while."
"I'd have to think about it," the reporter said.
"Well while you're thinking, think about the money.  And think about the fact that you wouldn't be doing anything unethical.  It would be like a second job.  No different than stocking grocery shelves or flipping burgers in your spare time for a little extra pocket money."
Danny disliked playing the young reporter this way, but he needed his immediate help and he figured this was more effective than continually asking for favors.  Pretty soon, the answer was bound to be no.
There was a moment of silence, then Ramsey sighed and said, "Okay, I guess.  Let's give it a shot and see how things work out.  What is it you want?"
"For starters, I need copies of some birth records."  Danny gave him the date on Misty Byre's birth certificate.  "But just to be safe, let's make it a week before and after."
"All of Adams county?"
"No, I only need babies born in the county hospital during that time period."
"I can do that, but it'll take a couple of days.  And there might be some expenses.  Small ones."
"Send me a bill."
"Can I ask you why you want them?" Ramsey asked.
"I'd rather not say," Danny told him.  "But it doesn't have anything to do with any story you're likely to be working on.  It's not connected with your drug bust investigation."  Danny figured that was close enough to the truth to keep his conscience clear.
Danny gave the reporter his cell phone number and home address, with instructions to FedEx the records to him, then ended the call.
Maybe he would talk with Lottie Batayanga about eventually adding Darden Ramsey to the magazine staff.  But not right away.  There were too many other things to take care of first.
TWENTY-FIVE
The Prodigal
The Bottomless Cup, an innocuous hash joint on South Third Street, had somehow survived the passing decades virtually unchanged, its menu of breakfast favorites and plate lunch standards as eternal as the order of the seasons.  Everything in the place, from its outdated chrome and vinyl fixtures to its staff of irritable, middle-aged waitresses, might have been copied from the sound stage of some long-forgotten forties matinee.
Will and Danny arrived early and staked out a back booth.  The waitress was annoyed when they ordered only coffee, unhappy over the fact that one of her stations was tied up by non-diners, depriving her of the tips that other, hungrier customers might leave.  She expressed her displeasure by sloshing the coffee from their chipped porcelain mugs as she plopped them down, and leaving it to Danny and Will to clean the mess up themselves with paper napkins from the metal dispenser.
Cheryl Tooney came in a few minutes later, taking a seat in the booth beside Will with her back to the door, as uneasy and furtive as a spy.  The waitress grudgingly returned and they ordered lunch from the typed, single page menu.  Her attitude mellowed from overt hostility to tired indifference when she realized that she wasn't dealing with a couple of coffee-drinking deadbeats after all.
"I've been working all morning in an alley just a couple of blocks from here," Cheryl revealed.  "A sanitation crew found the body of a truck driver under a pile of cardboard boxes.  Somebody did him with a small caliber round right here."  Her index finger rose to a spot just above the bridge of her nose.
"Any leads?" Will asked.
"We just finished processing the scene, but I don't think we'll ever solve this one.  We found his bob truck parked and locked a block away.  I'm guessing he was there to get his bone polished, and the deal went bad.  His wallet was empty except for a few pictures of the wife and kids."
The waitress brought Cheryl an iced tea, and the plain-clothes MPD homicide detective began measuring sugar into it.
Danny Skerett had known Cheryl Tooney back in the days when he was a beat reporter for the local newspaper and she was a uniformed patrol officer working one of the roughest precincts in north Memphis.  Since then she had worked her way up through the ranks to homicide.  Although he was no longer trying to finagle details about the latest shocking street crime out of her, they still kept in touch.
Cheryl had a thick, compact build, seldom wore more than a pale touch of lipstick, and tended toward short, low-maintenance hairstyles.  She came across as tough, humorless and crude, and the common assumption among her fellow officers was that she was a lesbian.  Somehow Danny didn't think so, although she rarely mentioned her personal life.  Possibly she didn't have one.
Cheryl was a good source of inside information, some printable but most not, and their longstanding professional relationship had eventually matured into friendship.
"What's up, Cheryl?" Danny asked as Cheryl tried her tea.  "Why the call and the urgent clandestine meeting?"
"Call it a favor," the detective told him.  "I've been hearing your names mentioned around the department."
"That's probably not good, is it?" Will said lightly.
"You can bet your sweet ass it's not good, junior," Cheryl said.  "Especially when the DEA is doing the mentioning."
"Are you in on the big case they're working?" Danny asked.
"Not me personally, but a couple of the narcotics guys are temporarily assigned to them.  They asked me some questions about you.  I guess they heard that we knew each other."
"Sorry, Cheryl.  I hope it didn't get you in any hot water."
"Not yet, but the water temperature would shoot right up to boiling if they knew I was meeting with you like this."  She cast a cautionary glance over her shoulder, as if a surveillance team might be loitering on the street corner outside.
"I appreciate you taking this risk to give us a warning."
"No, you've got it wrong, Danny.  I'm not here to warn you.  I'm here to tell you to quit dicking around with these guys.  They've got something big going on, something that you've got no business meddling in.  You might think you're pretty damned clever playing whatever game you're playing with these guys, but it's a stupid thing to do.  If you get in their way, they'll roll over you like a road grader."
Danny could see that Will was ready to present their defense, but he quieted the young reporter with a cautionary glance.  Instead he answered in a calmer tone.
"Did they tell you what we asked them to do?" Danny asked.
"No.  And you can be sure I didn't ask."
"They've been using a young woman as an informant in this investigation.  She's a friend of ours, and they've got her neck-deep in the whole mess.  I'm guessing they've got something on her, a minor drug charge, maybe, and they're threatening her with jail if she doesn't cooperate.  We want to get her out, alive and unconvicted."
"Hells bells, Danny!  That's the way they work!  They'd never get any information if they didn't have somebody inside feeding it to them.  And if they can't put one of their own guys in there, then they have to turn somebody."
"But the bad guys already know about her, Cheryl.  They almost beat her to death a couple of weeks ago.  And now these DEA guys have her stashed away someplace and we can't even talk to her to see if she's okay.  We just want her out."
"It's called protective custody," Cheryl grumbled.  "You guys know how this works!"
"We offered to give them the information they needed if they'd let her go," Will offered impulsively.  "We're more use to them now than she is."
Silence fell over the table.  Finally Cheryl muttered quietly, "Good grief!  You told them that?"
"Not in those exact words," Danny said, backtracking.
"But they knew what you meant?"
"Will's been working at a bar we think they're targeting, and they know it.  Our meaning was clear enough."
Cheryl considered the situation a moment, then said, "When I came here today I was going to advise you to try to make yourselves invisible until all of this goes down.  But I can see that it's too late for that.  You two dickheads have bet the ranch on a pair of twos.  These guys don't bluff, and they've sure as hell got the winning hand.  I'm surprised they haven't arrested you already."
"Give us some credit, Cheryl," Danny said.  "We've been careful up to now.  They haven't arrested us because they don't have anything on us that they can prove beyond a reasonable doubt."  Even as he spoke the words, he felt his certainty in their truth dissolving away.  He sounded like some street thug who gained his legal knowledge from TV cop shows.
"You don't know that," Cheryl pointed out ominously.
"Did they say anything to you about arresting us?" Will asked.  Danny could see that he too was starting to worry.
"No, but they wouldn't.  I'm not on the case, and these federal guys are as closed-mouthed as corpses when it comes to passing information to local law enforcement.  I'd have better luck getting that dead truck driver to tell me who put one between his eyes."
Their conversation halted when the waitress came with their food.  They sat in silence while she serving.  But before she could set Cheryl Tooney's BLT and fries in front of her, Cheryl said, "Put this in a bag for me, will you?" she said.  "I've gotta go."
When the waitress was gone, Cheryl raked both men with her gaze until she was sure she had their full attention.  Danny felt a wave of guilty embarrassment akin to the one he once felt as a boy when his father caught him looking at pictures of underwear models torn out of the Sears catalog.
"I've got two words for you two morons.  Unconditional surrender.  Give these DEA guys everything you've got, and do it quick.  Then if they let you walk away, go find a dark place somewhere and try to make yourselves small.
"They're won't play fair with you, Danny, not when the stakes are so high, and they won't give a damn about your reasonable doubt bullshit.  If they want you, they'll have you, trussed up with an apple in your mouth, turning slowly over the coals."
When Cheryl was gone, Danny and Will sat at the table for a few minutes more, both suddenly devoid of appetites.
"Do you feel as foolish as I do?" Danny asked finally.
Will gave him a vague, sardonic grin.  "Maybe we aren't the two cool hombres we thought we were," he observed.
"Unconditional surrender?" Danny suggested.
"It's worth some serious consideration, boss."
* * *
DEA Agent Norm Paxton sat leaned back in the comfortable leather chair at Danny's desk, sipping from the steaming cup of coffee he held.  On the computer screen before him, Franks was again warning Heck Cherry that he'd better hold himself together and deliver on his promises this time or he'd find himself in plenty of trouble.
The room was quiet as he watched the digital recording Will Bishop made several days before.  When it finished, he turned to Danny and asked, "That's it?  That's all you've got?"
"I've got some other recordings of a dark empty room," Will explained.  "I set up the equipment two other times, but nobody stayed late in the bar those nights.  The camera's still there.  It's well camouflaged and up out of reach, but I was afraid to leave the backpack with the recording gear in there too often."
"We've also got the pictures we shot of the meth lab on Heck Cherry's farm," Danny reminded the agent.
"Which were taken in an abandoned house that's now burned up," Paxton pointed out, his voice deadpan.
"Apparently so."
"I guess you know that none of this would be admissible in court as evidence.  And there's very little real information here that we didn't already have.  Is this the damning evidence that you were wanting to trade as ransom for your little girlfriend?  You don't have anything else?"
"I could get something more," Will offered.  "I still work at Jezebel's, and the camera's still there."
The DEA agent stared at the two men for a minute, apparently trying to gauge whether they were telling him everything now, or still playing games.
"Why did you decide to offer this to me even though we never agreed to the deal you suggested?" Paxton asked.
"You convinced us to do the right thing," Danny said, his face deadpan.
"Horseshit."
"Then let's say we weighed our options, and this one seemed best.  But since we've decided to cooperate, without any qualifications, do our motives really matter?"
"Probably not," Paxton admitted.  "If that's what you deliver."
Danny tried to keep his features relaxed and hoped no trace of unease showed in his eyes.  The name Edwin Raines had not come up, and he hoped to it never did.  That could divert the investigation down some dark alleys that he would just as soon remained unexplored, except by him.
"We might ask you to do something else for us down the line, but I want to make one thing clear to both of you.  Unless someone in our agency gives you specific instructions, keep your nose out of this investigation and don't do another damned thing.  No more freelancing!  It would only interfere with our work, and probably get you hurt.  Are we clear on that?"
"It's clear," Danny said.  Will nodded.
"Then I guess that wraps things up," Paxton said.  He ejected the surveillance video CD from the computer and put it in his briefcase.  "I just need to go to the can before I go."
"Down the hall, last door on the left.".
Danny and Will waited in the kitchen while the agent used the bathroom.  They heard him on the phone while he was in there, but his voice was muffled.  When he came out, they walked him across the yard and down the driveway.
"Stay on station at Jezebel's, Bishop," Paxton instructed Will, as if the young reporter was one of his agents or informers, "unless you feel threatened or they start acting like they suspect you of something.  If that happens, get the hell out, and stay out.  Don't worry about making any more recordings.  My guys checked the feed from your hidden camera, and they can grab the signal from outside.  We'll be in touch."
"You got it," Will promised.
At the driveway gate, Paxton paused to look up the street toward a plain blue sedan that had just turned off East Parkway and was headed in their direction down Madison.  His own car was parked just a few yards away along the curb.
"One other thing, guys.  Just to prove to you that we aren't absolute assholes all the time..."
The blue sedan rolled to a stop at the curb, and the back door opened.  Marcy's Doe's pale, drawn features lit up when she looked out and saw Danny and Will waiting to meet her.
"Merry Christmas," Paxton said as he turned to leave.
* * *
A big bag of deep-fried Dyer's hamburgers sat on the table in Danny's kitchen.  Marcy was well into her third, eating with the enthusiasm and unbridled passion of youth.  The table was littered with the refuse of their junk food feast of burgers, fries, malts and Twinkies.
"My dining room is empty right now, so you can bunk in there.  I'll get a bed and some furniture set up," Danny told the young woman.  "The small bathroom just off the kitchen will be yours.  Until you mend a little more, I know you won't be wanting to make too many trips up the stairs, but you'll have to go up there when you want to take a real shower."
"That'll be fine," Marcy said.  "I can only take sink baths until the cast comes off my leg.  Don't put yourself out on my account.  A couch would do.  Anyplace is better than a hospital room, and anything you give me to eat beats hospital food."
The worst of her bruises were nearly faded, but red welts on her arms and face marked the spots where deeper wounds had been closed with stitches.  Her broken ribs still caused her to wince in pain when she turned or moved too quickly.  A walking cast covered her right leg from knee to ankle, and the agents who helped her "move in" brought both a walker and a crutch.  A canvas duffle contained the remainder of her meager belongings.
Already a slender woman before the attack, Marcy now looked absolutely gaunt.  Her blond hair hung stringy and neglected across her shoulders, and her skin had a sallow, translucent quality.  Her eyes looked weary and troubled.  Clearly this ordeal had taken its toll physically and spiritually.
"Plan on staying here as long as you need to, Marcy," Danny said.  "Will and I have been worried about you, and we're happy that you're here.  You're with friends now."
Marcy Doe's eyes teared up.  "I don't deserve any of this," she said.  "Not after what I did to you.  I'm so sorry!"  Her eyes lowered, no longer able to meet his gaze.  Tears ran down her nose and dropped on the greasy hamburger wrapper in front of her.  Danny and Will exchanged puzzled glances.
"What are you talking about, Marcy?  You haven't done anything to me."
"I mean the buy," the girl explained, her voice tight with emotion.  "I didn't know who you were that night or I wouldn't have done it.  But they were always pushing me to set up things like that, and it was easy to set you up."
"I don't know what you're talking about," Danny said.  But he was getting a creepy feeling.  "I haven't bought anything stronger than a Long Island Tea since my college days."
"You did that night in my room.  And they know about it."
Then Danny remembered.  She told him she was holding a bag of marijuana for Chet and she needed the money.  To gain her confidence, Danny had paid her from the cash he found in Edwin's room.  He wasn't even sure where the bag was now.  Probably in the trunk of Edwin's old Buick, which now sat in his garage.  If so, it would be toilet-bound before the night was over.
"They had me cold back then, and still do, I guess," Marcy went on.  "A year ago I bought some shit from one of their undercover guys, a pretty big score for somebody like me, and after that, well, you know.  You get used to doing what they say, so it's just part of your life after a while.  I didn't know who you were.  You didn't matter to me.  Not then."
"How did you finally find out who I was?" Danny asked.  "I didn't give you my real name, and I haven't seen you for weeks."
"Will told me some in the hospital, and Feldman told some more when they started asking me about the tape and the buy.  I knew you were a nice guy, and I started feeling awful when I realized you were trying to help me, and they were trying to get me to say things against you.  It was a real mess, I tell you."
Will looked over at Danny. "That explains a lot," he said.
"Yeah.  They had already drawn a bead on me."
"I could go back to the hospital," Marcy offered.  "They gave me a number to call.  It's in the bag."
"No way," Will assured her.  He put his hand over Marcy's, Danny was surprised by the tenderness of the gesture and the look the two of them exchanged, and then he understood.
TWENTY-SIX
Yearning for Famine at a Woman Feast
It was a tough but satisfying week.  After working four consecutive days at the magazine, the staff was beginning to treat Danny Skerett like a fixture again instead of a visiting VIP.  Lottie quit trying to find busy-work for him and was consulting him on matters of substance.  If he kept this up they might actually start thinking of him as the boss again.
Starting home at dusk on Friday, Danny looked forward to nothing more complicated than pizza, beer and bed, followed by an enormous home-cooked breakfast Saturday morning.
A pile-up at the spaghetti-like convergence of two interstate highways, affectionately known as Malfunction Junction, brought traffic to a halt and forced Danny and thousands of other commuters off the freeway.  The northbound lanes of Airways were bumper-to-bumper, but Danny resolved not to let the heavy traffic spoil his good mood.  He set his thoughts on the pleasant inactivity awaiting him at home.
His cell phone rang.  He retrieved it from the passenger seat and checked the caller ID.  It was from out of state, the 212 area code.  Was there anybody in New York that he really wanted to talk to?  He thought not, but answered anyway.
"Danny!  It's Mary," a woman's voice said.
"Mary?" he said.  "Sorry but I'm drawing a blank.  Are you sure you called the right number?"
"Okay, try Marietta, then.  Marietta Blades.  Remember our hot date on the river?  I'm calling from the office, and I go by Mary here.  Marietta sounds too southern and girly."
"Oh yeah.  Hi, Marietta," Danny said without interest.  His first instinct was right.  It wasn't somebody he wanted to talk to.  "What's on your mind?"  As if I care, he thought.
"First, I want to apologize to you for the way I treated you that night.  It was inexcusable, and you were right not to take my calls.  I've felt bad about it ever since."
"Forget it.  After months of therapy, I've come to grips with the fact that I'm not irresistible.  That night was a learning experience for me, Marietta.  I feel I've grown."
"Yeah, yeah.  Very funny, Danny," Marietta said.  "But I want to make it up to you.  I have a proposition."
"Decent or indecent?"
"That will depend on how things go," she laughed.  "But here's goes.  Can you come to New York and accompany me to the Steinhauser Foundation Awards Banquet?  My treat, of course."
"The what-hauser?" Danny asked.  Her offer sounded about as interesting as being bound with duct tape and thrown into a dumpster.
"Way down there in Memphis you've probably never heard about it, but it's one of the premier social events of the year here in The City.  Tickets are almost impossible to find, but I managed to get two through the firm.  They're absolutely golden, Danny.  Fifteen thousand dollars a throw.  I've heard De Niro is coming this year.  And Barbara, of course, but she comes every year."  Marietta was getting into the rhythm of her pitch, and Danny let her run with it a while.
"Honestly, Danny, you won't believe how I thought of inviting you.  I was shopping today, and I took a swing through the men's formalwear department at Saks.  I spotted this absolutely incredible Toscosi tuxedo, and out of nowhere I began imagining you in it.  Believe me, honey, you looked scrumptious.  And so I bought it.  Thirty-two hundred dollars.  Isn't that nuts?  I don't even know if it's your size."
"Look, Marietta.  It's nice of you to think of me, especially since I was wearing a three thousand dollar tuxedo in your fantasy.  But I'm not interested."
"You must be kidding.  You have to come, Danny!" Marietta insisted.  "It's New York!  The Steinhauser Awards!  It's simply too awesome to pass up."
"Maybe there's something wrong with me," Danny admitted, "but I just don't get the whole New York thing.  It's so crowded, and nobody ever smiles.  I know you can get the best hot pastrami sandwich on the continent at four in the morning and all that, but I'm almost always asleep at that time of the night.  I hope Saks will take the tux back."
"Okay, I get it.  You're still mad about that night.  But if you knew me better you'd know I'm not really like that.  I fell in with bad company."
"You were running with a man-eater, Marietta."
"This is my way of giving you a whole new impression of me.  You can stay at my place.  I have plenty of room, and you'll have a wonderful time at the dinner...and after.  I plan see to that.  At least promise me you'll think about it."
Danny thought about it.  "Okay, let's see if I have this straight," he said.  "The last time I saw you, you dumped me like dead rat.  But suddenly, months later, you want to fly me to New York, dress me in costly raiment, wine and dine me in the company of celebrities, house me, see to my carnal needs, and send me home feeling altogether better about the kind of person you are.  Tell me, Marietta.  Why do I get the feeling that I'm only seeing the top ten percent of this iceberg?"
There was a long silence on the phone.  When Marietta Blades spoke again, her voice bristled with hard edges.
"I guess what Shelby said about you is true," she said icily.  "She said you always want people to think you're such a nice guy, but deep in your core you're just a mean-spirited son of a bitch."
A woman in a mini-van with a Big Gulp cup in one hand and a cell phone in the other shoehorned into a minuscule opening in front of him to gain a few feet in the creeping clog of traffic.  He decided she must be steering with her knees.  The "mean-spirited son of a bitch" that Marietta had just invoked wanted to ram her from behind, but he managed to suppress that dark impulse.
"She nailed it dead-on, Marietta," Danny said.  "Two of my greatest pleasures are watching kittens drown, and crushing the delicate sensibilities of good-hearted humanitarians like you.  I don't know where this plan of yours was supposed to lead me, but I want no part of it.  Maybe De Niro can hook you up."
The contemptuous epithet that Marietta Blades snarled at him before hanging up described a physically impossible sexual act.  Danny smiled as he laid the phone aside.  It felt good to finally get that nagging itch scratched.
* * *
Marcy Doe was rummaging around in the refrigerator when Danny walked into the kitchen.
"Hand me a beer out of there, would you?" Danny said.
Marcy retrieved two bottles of beer, twisted the caps off, and passed one to Danny.  "You look scrambled and fried," she commented.  "Rough day?"
"Just long," he told her.  He didn't feel like telling her about the phone conversation with Marietta Blades and the sordid events that had led up to it.
"I was looking for a snack," Marcy said.  "Carmella left a casserole, but I still have heartburn and a little diarrhea from the lunch she fixed, so I'm afraid to try it out."
Danny grinned and sat at the kitchen table.  Marcy sat across from him.  She wore an oversized tee-shirt over a two-piece bathing suit.  Although she still couldn't go in the water because of the cast on her leg, she spent a lot of time by the pool, and her skin now had a healthy pinkish glow.
After four days here, Marcy was more like her old self.  The refugee look had left her eyes, and she was beginning to consider what her life would look like after this mess was behind her.  She had withdrawn from her college classes, but hoped to start back next semester.  She wasn't sure whether she could stay in Memphis, but even if it was safe for her here, she was resigned to the fact that her room above Jezebel's, as well as all her belongings there, were gone forever.  No great loss there, Danny figured.
"I'm going to call for pizza later," Danny told her.  "Did Will say when he was coming?"
Will Bishop had spent every night here at Danny's since Marcy arrived.  Ostensibly he was sleeping on the couch in Danny's office, but once when Danny got up at night and looked in on them, he saw Marcy snuggled in the crook of Will's arm in the middle of her queen-sized bed.  But that was their business.
Like Danny, Will had returned to a more-or-less regular schedule at the magazine, and was back at Jezebel's in the evenings.  Things were quiet there, almost routine.
"He'll be late," Marcy said.  "He's working at the bar."
"Okay.  We'll save him a couple of slices."
"Your lawyer came by to see me today," Marcy announced.  "I told him everything I could remember about the mess I'm in.  He had me sign some papers and said he'd see what he could do."
"Jake's a good friend," Danny said.  "He'll guide you through this and out the other side."
They chatted a few minutes about mundane things, then Marcy went to take a nap.  Danny drained his beer, got another, then rummaged around in a kitchen drawer and found a two-for-one pizza coupon.  But he decided not to call yet.  He’d let Marcy sleep first.  He went to his office and settled on a long leather couch.  Browsing the satellite channels, he stopped on a documentary about the Siege of Leningrad.
He woke some time later, hardly knowing when he fell asleep.  Amid some barren landscape, a man on the television was explaining how Alexander used natural features of the terrain to outmaneuver and defeat vastly superior enemy armies.
It was dark out, and only a haze of light from the kitchen found its way into the dim office.  The house was quiet except for the droll monologue of the TV guy.  He assumed Marcy was still asleep.  Danny clicked the TV off, deciding to call for that pizza.
"Hey there, sleepyhead," a woman's voice said from the shadowy recesses of a leather chair across the room.  The unexpected greeting jolted Danny wide awake and he hoisted himself to a sitting position.
"Holy crap, Shelby!" Danny said.  "You nearly stopped my heart!"
"Sorry, lover," Shelby cooed.  "You were sleeping so peacefully that I didn't want to disturb you.  I've been sitting here watching you."  That prospect was unnerving.
"For how long?"
"Maybe half an hour," she said.  On the table beside her was an open bottle of wine and a half-full tumbler.  From his stock, he assumed.
He had carelessly left the back door unlocked, and it made him uncomfortable to imagine his ex-wife wandering the interior of his home unsupervised.  There might still be booty that she craved.
"Why are you here, Shelby?" he said.  "What do you want?"
"To see you, lover," she said.  She came over to sit on the couch beside him.  Her steps were unsure, and she brought the bottle and glass along, one in each hand, like necessities.
"Did you take anything while I was asleep?"
"No, baby!  I came here to see you.  I didn't even bring a car.  Arthur dropped me off."
"When's he coming back to get you?"
"He's not.  It's over between us.  I broke the news to him when we met for happy hour at La Chardonnais."  Shelby took a drink of wine, then added, "He and Andrea are about ready to try to make a go of things full-time anyway.  So I saved him the trouble of ditching me by ditching him first."
How many times after they first separated, Danny wondered, had he wandered these empty rooms, haunted by loneliness, longing for Shelby to come unexpectedly to him as she had tonight?  But he hadn't felt that way for a long time now.
Her skin exuded a vague alcoholic odor, and her clothes, permeated with cigarette smoke from the last bar she'd been in, looked slept in.  He watched as she refilled the glass and drank.  She looked haggard.  Shadows ringed her eyes and her hair was frizzy.  Her slurry voice and the cautious precision of her movements betrayed her progress toward falling-down drunk.
"You need to eat something," Danny told her.  "Then you need to go home, take a shower, and go to bed.  You smell bad and you look wrecked.  I’ll call a taxi for you."
"I don't want to go home, Danny.  I want to be home," Shelby told him.
"Well you can't be home until you go home, Shelby!"  He didn't have the energy or the will to deal with the puzzling contradictions that this woman always seemed to present to him.
"No, you don't understand.  I want to be home here.  In my own house, with my own husband."  Her tone was surprisingly submissive.  Six months ago he would have walked on broken glass to hear those words, but now they put him on his  guard.
"This isn't your house, and I'm not your husband anymore," he told her quietly.  "Remember?  We're divorced."
"Not yet, Danny.  We’re not divorced.  Until the papers are signed, we're still married."
"Sure we are.  And that's why you've been punching the ticket of every guy you met since the day you left me.  Because you're my wife and because you love me so much."
"I love you dearly, Danny," Shelby protested.  "I just had to get something worked out of my system.  I think about you all the time now.  Even last night when Arthur and I were...you know...  I was imagining it was you, wishing it was you."
"That's disgusting," Danny told her.
Shelby turned her face away in embarrassment, gulping wine until it ran out the corner of her mouth and dribbled on her blouse.
"I know I've screwed everything up," she slurred in despair.  She started to cry.  "But I want to turn time back.  I miss our house and our life together.  I miss the fun, and the great sex, and not having to worry about money and bills and who’s going to take care of everything."
Danny grinned wryly.  "What else do you miss, Shelby?”
"Lots of things!  The travel and the shopping.  All of it."
"It sounds like the biggest hole in your life is the empty space in your wallet where my credit card used to be," he said.
"No, I miss you, lover!  Of course I miss you, baby!"  She leaned toward Danny, as if to embrace him, but he drew back before she could move into his arms.  She settled for letting her hand come to rest on his leg.
"I had a long talk with a friend of mine a few days ago," Shelby went on.  "I told her I felt like I had ruined my life by leaving you.  Arthur didn't care about me, and neither did the one before him.  What was his name...Lucas.  Neither one of them was ever faithful.  You were the only man who was ever faithful to me, and I treated you so rotten.  Marietta agreed with me.  She said..."
"Marietta?  Is that the friend you talked to?" Danny asked.
"Yeah, Marietta Blades.  She was in town and we went out."
"That explains some things," Danny said with a laugh.  "She called me, too."
That startled Shelby.  "Marietta called you?  Why?  What did she say?"
"She feels the same way you do."  Danny was starting to enjoy this.  Revenge might be petty, but it certain sweet taste to it.
"What do you mean, Danny?  Did she say we should get back together?"
"She talked about getting back together, but I don't think she meant you and me.  She feels bad about the way she treated me too, and she wants to make it up to me.  She invited me to New York, and she said I could stay with her...with all the perks."
"That bitch!" Shelby shrilled.  "That filthy, two-faced slut!  I poured my heart out to that evil-hearted cow!  I told her all the mistakes I'd made, all the terrible things I'd done.  I can't believe she'd...  You're not going are you?"
"Well the idea has its up side.  It's not every day that a woman like Marietta offers that kind of sure thing.  Wouldn't I be crazy not to go?"
Shelby stared at him, stunned.  "She's not interested in you, Danny.  She knew I was going to ask you to take me back.  That's the only reason she called you.  To spite me!  You're not really thinking about going, are you?"
Danny looked her in the eyes, relenting.  "I'd rather have jumper cables clamped to my scrotum," he confessed.  "But that doesn't mean anything as far as you and I are concerned."
"Just let me spend the night, baby," Shelby pleaded.  Let's see how things go."
"No way."
"Don't make me leave, Danny.  Please!"  Her eyes filled with tears, but they had no power over him anymore.
"I'll call a taxi for you, Shelby," he said resolutely.  "Do you want to go to your condo, or back to Arthur's?"
Sobbing, Shelby tumbled off the couch and desperately wrapped her arms around his legs.  "No, I'm staying!" she choked.  "Don't call.  Please lover, please!"
Danny relaxed back on the couch.  Shelby was going into her little-girl persona now.  In their days together she had played that role in a number of variations, usually to bend his will to her needs and desires, whatever they were at the moment.  And despite himself, it still held some sway over him, enough so that he briefly considered letting her stay the night.  What would it hurt, he wondered.  He'd had his share of one-night-stands, and heaven knew she had too.  It wouldn't have to mean anything if he didn't want it to.
That was the problem.  Tomorrow morning she'd still be there——in his bed, in his house, in his life.
The ringing telephone startled them both.
"I need to get that," Danny said.  "Let go of my legs.  I might fall on you."
The phone rang again.  Shelby didn't seem to hear him.  Still sobbing, she turned her head and mopped her nose on her blouse, not willing to let go even for that.
"Maybe it's Arthur.  Maybe he's on his way over," Danny suggested.  That improbability didn't faze her.
Shelby's only response was to tighten her grip on his legs.  She looked up at him, her tears trailing dark mascara tracks down her face.  A bubble of snot glimmered from one nostril.  All she needed to do now to complete her humiliation, Danny thought, was to throw up on him.
A figure appeared in the doorway.  Danny looked up to see Marcy standing there, backlit by the hall light, still wearing the tee-shirt over her swimsuit.  She held a phone, the cordless unit from the library, and was glancing back and forth from Danny to Shelby with groggy surprise.
"It's for you, Danny," Marcy said timidly.  Taking a tentative step forward, she held out the phone, but with his legs still imprisoned in his ex-wife's desperate clutches, he couldn't reach it.  She was clearly hesitant to come any farther into the room.  He couldn't blame her.
"Who the hell is SHE!" Shelby shrilled.  You bastard!  No wonder you don't want me here.  You've got what you need already!"
"That's Marcy," Danny said.  "She's staying here a while."
"So you're into kids now?" Shelby hissed.  "How old is this little tramp?  Fifteen?"
"Look you, whoever you are," Marcy snapped.  "Don't you be calling me names.  I ain't a tramp.  And I'm twenty-three, not fifteen, if it's any of your bees wax!"
"Husband-stealing whore!" Shelby screamed.  She released her grip on Danny, half rose, and launched herself forward in a desperate dive toward Marcy.  As Marcy leaped nimbly back, the phone flew from her hand.  It struck Shelby neatly and precisely across the bridge of her nose and she toppled forward with an indignant wail.  Snatching the phone up, she flung it back at Marcy, but again Marcy dodged away.  An antique, beveled-glass mirror in the hall, one Shelby herself had selected from a Magazine Street shop in New Orleans, exploded from the impact of the telephone.
Breathless, reeling on her hands and knees on the floor, Shelby stared down disbelieving at the streams of snot and blood that flowed from her nose onto the carpet.  She looked up at Danny in shock and outrage.
"The bitch tried to kill me!  Your half-naked whore attacked me in my own house with my own phone!  Call the police, Danny.  I want her arrested."
"She's not a whore, and she's not mine, Shelby," Danny said.  "Like I said, she's just staying here for a while."
"If you don't call the police, I will.  I'm going to have her arrested."
"Settle down.  I'm sorry you're hurt, but it was an accident.  If you call the police, it will be you they'll take away.  Damn it, Shelby, you started this mess.  It's not your phone or your house.  You're the intruder."
Marcy had wisely disappeared to other regions of the house, so Danny fetched wet towels from the hall bathroom.  He got Shelby settled on the couch, choosing to ignore the splatters of blood and other bodily fluids that decorated the carpet and furniture in the room.  She was calmer now, her outrage surrendering to drunkenness, exhaustion, and melancholy.  She shut her eyes tightly against the pain and whimpered as Danny dabbed the blood off her face and folded a towel gently across her wounded nose.  It was cut, but not deeply, and was already starting to swell.  Most of the blood had come from inside, and he was pretty sure her nose must be broken.  Tomorrow it would be twice its regular size, and both eyes would be black.
"I'll call an ambulance," Danny told his ex-wife.  "You need to go to the emergency room and see a doctor."  This time she didn't protest.  "I'll call your brother to meet you there."
Danny found the phone amid the wreckage in the hallway and carefully brushed the shards of broken glass from it.  Then he remembered that a phone call had started all this chaos.  It seemed unlikely that the caller would still be on the line, but he raised the receiver to his ear and said, "Hello?"
"My, my!  You do lead such an interesting life, don't you Mr. Skerett?" a woman's voice said icily.  "You must measure the success of your orgies in terms of body count."
"Who...?" Danny began.  But the line went dead.  He turned the phone over and looked at the caller ID display.
Elizabeth Hubbard
Tunica MS
662-555-9700
* * *
Will Bishop drove up as the ambulance was pulling away.  Parking hurriedly, he bolted over to where Danny stood watching the ambulance leave.
"What's the matter?" Will demanded excitedly.  "What happened to her?"
"It wasn't Marcy," Danny said.  "She's fine.  She's in the house, probably hiding in the back of a closet someplace."
"Then who...?"
"My ex.  She came over drunk and there was a sort of...  There was an incident.  Her nose is broken and there's blood all over the place, but she'll be okay."
Will gave him a quizzical look.
"No, I didn't do it," Danny said tiredly.  "Come on in.  First we'll find Marcy and give her the all-clear, and then I'll tell you about it."
"Okay.  And I've got news, too," Will said.
Sitting around the kitchen table they ate ham sandwiches and chips, and Danny ran through the events of the past hour.
"That woman shouldn't be allowed out without a leash," Marcy said.  "I can't believe you married a lunatic like her."
"Well, she used to have better days than this," Danny said.  "And they do say love is blind."
"In your case, it must have been deaf, dumb, blind and stupid," Marcy said.  Then, turning to Will, she explained, "She said I tried to kill her with the telephone, but really it jumped out of my hand when she dived at me.  I was only trying to get out of the way."
"Can't I leave the two of you alone for even a few hours without you trying to start a war?" Will grinned.
"I guess we do need babysitting," Danny chuckled.  "So what's up with you?  You're off work early."
"That's what I wanted to tell you," Will said.  "Something strange happened about an hour ago.  A guy came in, and while I was serving him a beer, he leaned over and said he had a message from Paxton.  He said I didn't look very well and maybe I needed to go home early."
"Who was he?" Danny asked.
"One of the regulars, I thought.  I've seen him around there before.  Cowboy hat, beard, kind of scruffy.  The kind Jezebel's draws in."
"So what did you do?"
"Nothing for a few minutes.  But the first chance I got, I knelt down behind the bar, stuck a teaspoon down my throat, and threw up in the sink.  Franks heard me and came back.  He told me to get the hell out before I ran all the customers away."
"Do you think it's tonight, then?" Danny asked.
"That’s my guess," Will said.
"What's tonight?" Marcy asked.  "What are you talking about?  And what's that rat turd Paxton got to do with it?"
Danny turned to her.  "You're better off not knowing, Marcy.  Until this is finished, the less you know the better."
"He's right," Will told the girl.  "Why don't you go in the other room while we talk?  I'll join you in a few minutes."
Marcy gave him a pouty frown, but she went.
"So what do we do now?" Will asked.
"I'm not sure, but if it is going down tonight, I want a piece of it.  What time does the bar close?"
"Everyone will be out by one except Franks, and his drinking buddies.  Sometimes they stay late trading lies and trying to out-badass each other."
"Nothing is likely to happen until after one, then," Danny said.  "But the DEA is probably already set up, watching the bar from all different angles.  I doubt if we could get within five blocks of Jezebel's without them spotting us."
"I've been trying to think of a way to get close enough to know when the fireworks start, but I haven't come up with any decent ideas."
"I guess we could always..." Danny said.  He was interrupted by the ringing telephone.  He figured it was Shelby's brother, who had promised to call from the hospital with an update.
"Is this Danny Skerett?" a man's voice asked.
"That depends on who's calling," Danny said.
"No games.  Not tonight.  Is it you, Skerett?"
"Okay, it's me."  Danny recognized the voice.
"Do you know the music store on Madison just east of Bellevue?  Tanglewood Music, on the south side of the street?"
"I know the place," Danny admitted.  The music store was across Madison from Jezebel's and half a block down.  His heart began to race.
"Be there by one tonight.  No earlier, and nowhere else in the area.  Lights out, motor off.  Stay in the car, and stay the hell out of the way until somebody tells you it's okay to get out.  Should I repeat that?"
"I've got it," Danny said.
"Don't screw this up, Skerett."
"Okay we won't.  And thanks."
"Thanks for what?" the man asked.
"Thanks for the call," Danny told him.
"What call?"  The line went dead.
"Whatever happened to good phone etiquette?" Danny asked Will.  "Nobody bothers to say goodbye anymore."
TWENTY-SEVEN
Franks Goes Down
Will had backed his Blazer in under a low-hanging branch of an oak tree near the back of small parking lot outside Tanglewood Music.  There the light from the nearby streetlamps did not shine directly on it, and the dark blue paint of the SUV made it even more unobtrusive.  In the shadows beside it sat Danny's Nova.  They brought two cars in case they needed to split up later.
The nearby businesses up and down Madison were closed, and traffic was light.  From where they sat they could see the front of Jezebel's down the street, but just barely.
The neon beer signs that decorated the plate glass windows of the bar were turned off, as was the spotlight that lit the red "Jezebel's Saloon" sign above the front door.  At closing time the staff lowered blinds behind the plate glass windows along the front of the bar, but the dim glow of light at the edges of the blinds hinted that someone might still be inside.
Danny raised his Nikon and gazed at the front of the building through the obscenely large 500 mm lens.
"Even with that rig, you're not going to get any print-worthy shots from this far away," Will complained.
"Relax," Danny said.  "Later we can move in closer."
"Yeah, after it's all over."
"Did you expect to go in with the SWAT guys, Will?" Danny asked.  He lowered the camera to his lap.  Despite its magnesium construction, the lens still weighed several pounds, and its fifteen-inch barrel dwarfed the body of the camera.  He'd have to rest the lens on the dash when he started taking pictures.
A blue Buick LeSabre with a mangled front fender cruised up Madison and stopped at a red light.  Rap music, pounding, defiant and profane, blared out from its open windows, and in the front seat the heads of two young black men bobbed in unison.  The light changed, the car moved on, and the rhythmic, angry voices faded.
"I wished they'd picked a spot for us where we could see the back of the building," Will noted.  "If anything happens, that's where it will be.  Not up front."
"I doubt if they gave much thought to the optimum location for the press gallery," Danny said.  "We're lucky to be here at all."  He took a sip from his donut shop coffee and frowned.  "This stuff tastes like it was brewed in a stump," he said.
"Just what you need to keep you on your toes," Will grinned.  He was drinking Coke from a plastic cup as big as a section of stove pipe.
A white panel truck drove past Jezebel's, heading east.  Its back bumper was missing, and light-colored smoke trailed out of its tailpipe.  Across the street a young man in jeans and a loose gray tee-shirt appeared down a side street, glanced both ways down Madison, then crossed.  He carried a black book bag slung over one shoulder, and though he passed within a dozen feet of the Blazer, he seemed unaware of its occupants.
"Look, the van's coming back," Danny said.
The white panel truck approached again, going in the opposite direction, moving well under the speed limit.  Beneath the white paint on its side, dark letters that spelled the name "G&H Electric" bled through faintly.  It turned right at the cross street and passed out of sight behind Jezebel's.
"G and H Electric," Will said.  "Why does that name sound familiar?"
"Was that the truck we saw in Cherry's barn?" Danny asked, feeling a rush of adrenalin.  "There was an old truck with some writing painted over on the side.  Maybe that's it!"
They waited in growing anticipation as the long minutes of inactivity dragged past.  Danny kept the camera raised, studying the front of the building.  Nothing looked different.  The scene before them seemed as frozen in time as a still-life painting.
Then all that changed.
A black van with tinted windows and no exterior markings, not even a license plate, approached from the east and stopped at the curb directly in front of the bar.  From nowhere police cars appeared, blocking Madison to the east and the west.  The roadblock on the eastern end was almost directly in front of where Danny and Will were parked.  They watched as two uniformed patrolmen got out, guns drawn, and took up positions behind their open car doors, their attention focused on the van and the front of Jezebel's.
Four men wearing flak jackets, helmets and full-face visors sprang from the van.  Two were armed with short-barreled, high-tech rifles, and the other two carried a thick, short battering ram.  The four men moved with elegant, deliberate coordination, positioning themselves at the front door.
"Just like on TV," Danny commented, studying the scene through the long lens and snapping off a series of pictures.
The ram didn't so much knock the door open as explode it inward.  In sync the two men with the rifles burst through the door with their weapons ready.  Their two companions dropped the ram, drew their side arms, and followed them inside.  For at least five seconds everything was still, then the irregular rattle of gunfire sounded in the distance.  One of the front windows of Jezebel's shattered unexpectedly.  Danny was startled by the suddenness of it, then continued taking pictures.
Nearby, the two cops at the patrol car could no longer bear to remain so far from the fight.  With their pistols raised skyward in a classic Hollywood double-handed pose, they left their station and ran down the street toward the action.  Uniformed police were converging from all sides, taking positions behind the black van and along the front wall of the nail salon adjacent to Jezebel's.
"Look on that roof!" Will exclaimed, pointing to the building beside the bar.  "Is somebody up there?"
The building next to Jezebel's was a single-story flat-roofed structure that housed a row of small shops and businesses, including the nail salon.  Danny swung the long lens in that direction, and for an instant, he thought he saw movement in the deep shadows there.  Then it was gone.  It was nothing, he decided, perhaps the play of street light through the branches of a tree.
Everyone knew the fight was over when a member of the assault team came out the front door, his rifle slung over one shoulder.  He said something to the cops out front, and they began holstering their weapons.  He came around the front of the van, opened the driver's door, and reached for a handheld radio.  The uniformed cops began to cluster in front of the broken window to look inside.
"Okay, let's go to work," Danny said, stashing the camera in a bag at his feet and taking out a smaller model.  "I'll shoot, you write."
"What about Paxton?" Will asked.  "He said to stay here."
"When?"
"On the call."
"What call?" Danny asked, opening the door.  "Nobody called.  We just happened to be in the neighborhood."
Danny and Will approached Jezebel's like they were invited to the party, and nobody challenged them.  Passing the shattered front window they glimpsed the inside of the building.  Danny would have liked to move forward and take some flash pictures, but he and Will were surrounded by cops, and everybody was keyed up.  It seemed like a bad idea.  They didn't try to go inside, but walked around the corner of the building instead so they could find out what had gone on out of their line of sight.
They entered a cluttered scene of confused activity.
A man was prone on sidewalk, clothed in the black apparel of the assault team.  A woman in a white medic's jacket knelt beside him, attending to a bloody wound low on his left side.  He was grimacing in pain, but alert and alive.  Nearby two EMTs were unloading a gurney from an ambulance.  Two other ambulances had just arrived.
The door at the back entrance to Jezebel's was sprung inward on its hinges, indicating that the assault team had blasted through both doors simultaneously.  The separate door leading to the upstairs apartments was also open.  Several men were milling around in the street, some dressed in the dark clothes and protective gear of the assault team, others wearing civilian clothing.  Three vehicles and a motorcycle were parked in the small lot behind the bar.  One of them was the white panel truck Danny and Will had noticed earlier, and another was the bar owner's obscenely big pickup.
They saw Paxton, the DEA agent, giving orders to two men near the back door.  He didn't look surprised to see them, although he scowled disapprovingly at Danny's camera.  He wore a dark rumpled suit and his tie was loosened.
"If you take any pictures of my guy's faces," he told Danny, "I'll rip the film out of that thing and feed it to you."
"No film," Danny said, grinning.  "It's digital."
"You know what I mean, wiseass."
"Is that man your only casualty?" Will asked.
"Yeah, he caught a round in the hip.  A .38, we think.  He'll be out of action for a while, but he'll be okay."
"What about the bad guys?"
"They've got four down.  Two dead and two leaking some pretty serious bodily fluids," Paxton said.  An uncharacteristic grin played at the corners of his mouth.  "The dumb sonsabitches made a big mistake trying to shoot it out with this team.  We flew them in especially for this raid.  They've carried out this kind of operation everywhere from East L.A. to Bogota.  Most of them live for the moment when they can squeeze off a few righteous rounds."
How many uninjured?"
Three.  All in all, a very successful operation."
"What about the drugs?" Danny asked.
Paxton laughed at that.  "They were moving the stuff in long-neck beer bottles," he said.  "Not a bad idea, all things considered.  We waited until they carried several cases of the stuff inside before we moved.  We found some pot and some crystal meth, and some other crap that the lab guys will have to ID.  My guess is, it's some kind of designer shit they cooked up in that shack at Heck Cherry's place.  Or it might have come up on barges from Mexico."
"What about Cherry?" Danny asked.  "Did you get him?"
Paxton turned to look at him, his gaze suddenly sharp.  "He wasn't here," the agent said.  "They parked the van in front of the back door, and two men went in.  We couldn't see them very well because of the angle, but we pegged one of them for Cherry, and the other for that dimwitted flunky of his, Dee Byrne."
He turned his head toward the door, then back to Danny.  "But when the shooting stopped and the smoke cleared...no Cherry.  We'll get him, though.  I sent a team to his house, and I expect to hear back from them soon.  He can't run far without being recognized."
"Can you connect him to this if he wasn't here when you made the raid?"
"Sure, we've got plenty on him.  And those two cousins of his down in Natchez are about to get religion.  They've got a sweet offer on the table, and the only reason they haven't already grabbed it is because they're scared of Dee Byrne.  But he's not scary anymore," Paxton revealed with a wry grin.
Crews from two ambulances had taken their gurneys inside and were now returning, laden with the two wounded men.  One was a man Danny didn't recognize, but Will identified him as "Stitch."  The other was Franks’ small, skinny sidekick.  Danny suspected that the second man was the one who accosted him in the alley and explained to him at knifepoint that he wasn't welcome at the bar.  "That's Weasel," Will said.
Both were unconscious and bore bloody, hastily applied bandages on their assorted wounds.
"So Dee Byrne is dead?" Danny asked.
"Yep.  Him and another man we haven't identified yet."
"And Franks?"
"He dived behind the bar when the SWAT team went in," Paxton said.  "He begged them not to shoot when they went after him, and one of the guys said he smelled like he'd crapped his pants."
"Big bad outlaw," Will laughed.  "I've heard him brag about the shootouts he'd had with the border patrol when he was smuggling drugs across the river from Nuevo Laredo.  I used to wonder if any of that was true.  Now I guess I know."
Minutes later three uninjured prisoners were led out by MPD officers and taken to waiting patrol cars.  Danny moved as near as the cops would allow, snapping some close-up shots.  The flash made the captives blink and curse.
Franks was the last to come out.  He fixed Danny and Will with what he intended to be a threatening scowl, but after hearing about his cowardice during the raid, it was hard to take him seriously.
"Some day, motherfucker," he growled at Will.
Danny looked to see his friend's reaction to the threat.  A surprising hardness came over Will Bishop's features. His jaw muscles were tight and he looked at the biker like he was ready to skewer his worthless carcass and roast it on a spit.
"It will be my pleasure," Will said. "I'm ready to party with you any time, hombre."
Franks lunged at Will, his head lowered.  Will tensed and took a half step back with his right leg, his hand balling into a fist.  But the burly cop at Franks' side hauled him up short with a yank on the handcuffs that secured his arms behind him.
"When you come, don't forget to wear your Depends," Will said, a mean smile on his lips.  "In case things don't go your way."
Later they were allowed to go inside the bar and look around after the forensics team completed their initial investigation.  Except for the battered front door, the broken window, and a few overturned tables and chairs, the place looked remarkably unchanged.  That is, until their eyes fell on the two bodies at the back of the room, splayed out on the floor in spreading pools of their own blood.
Dee Byrne lay face-up by the jukebox along the back wall, his chest a bloody mess of torn tissue and bone from the burst of automatic rifle fire that stitched across his body.  His dead eyes stared up at the ceiling, and a look of incredulity was frozen on his brutish features.
Danny imagined the mixture of sorrow and relief that Ellie Byrne would experience when she heard of her brother's death.  But even she would probably not grieve long.  His life had been a waste, and he had visited too much misery on her and her niece for them to feel any true regret at his passing.
The second corpse was a jumble of bloody body and twisted limbs lying face down on the floor near the bathroom.  Careful not to disturb any evidence or step into anything gruesome, Will eased forward until he could see part of the man's face.
"I've seen him in here occasionally," Will said, "but he wasn't a regular.  Might be the buyer." 
Danny took a few pictures of the bodies, although they would never make it into print.
Paxton was supervising the wrap-up when they went back outside.  The ambulances were gone and the most of squad cars were leaving one by one.  A coroner's van was parked on the side street by the bar, waiting for clearance to carry away the dead.
"So what happens now?" Danny asked the DEA agent.
"We've got a long night ahead," Paxton said.  "Lots of reports and paperwork.  Evidence to process.  Charges to file.  The usual drill.  We'll let the three we grabbed stew for a few hours and lawyer up, and then we'll start working them for whatever they’ll give us. It's amazing how talkative these punks get when they smell a deal."
He turned to Will and said, "I want you to stick around so we can go over a few details.  It shouldn't take long, but I want to get it while everything is fresh on your mind."
"Glad to help," Will shrugged.  "Maybe we can work some kind of swap.  I answer your questions, and you answer mine."
"We can do this the easy way," Paxton growled, "or you can wait around all night around until I get to you. Think about it while you're getting your car."
TWENTY-EIGHT
That Old Sweet Sound of Breaking Bones
The adrenalin rush of the raid was over, and exhaustion crept over Danny like a predawn fog as he drove the Nova the twenty blocks from Jezebel's to his home. It was four a.m. when he pulled into his driveway. The cool sheets and soft mattress upstairs were all he could think about.
Entering by the back door, he was halfway across the kitchen when he heard low voices and realized that the television must still be on in Marcy's room. He considered whether to check on her.  He didn't feel up to delivering a full account of tonight's events, but knew that if she was awake, he had to at least tell her what had happened and assure her that Will was safe.
As he started down the hall he saw that the door to the library was open and he went in without knocking. The room was lit by a single bedside lamp, and Marcy was sitting on a couch, her legs pulled up to her chest, covered with a light fleece throw. Across from her the television was on, but she didn't seem to be paying any attention to it.
"I should have known you'd be too wound up to sleep," he said.
Marcy turned to him.  She looked disoriented, like a child just awakened from night terrors.  She didn't say anything, but her eyes were filled with fear.
"Everything's okay," Danny told her quickly. "The DEA took Jezebel's down tonight."
"Hellfire, we already knew that!" a male voice announced from the shadows to Danny's right.
Heck Cherry sat in a chair along the wall where he would not be immediately seen by anyone entering the library.
"It's been too long a day for any crap from you, Cherry," Danny said irritably. "What do you want?"
"I'm here for some sweet sat-is-faction," Cherry said, quoting the lyrics from one of his own hit songs from a decade ago.  Then Danny noticed the long-barreled revolver that Cherry held, waving it carelessly as he spoke.  "But I didn't know how sweet it was going to be until I found this little skank camped out in your house.  What have the two of you been up to in this great big place, Danny boy?  A little bit of smoochie and a lot of hoochie coochie?"  It was another lyric, this one from a somewhat silly Saddle Trash B-track.
Danny hardly heard the question. He brain refused to focus on anything but the dark circle of blackness at the end of the revolver.  Terror raced through him so powerfully that it blocked out all other sights and sounds.
"I'm so sorry, Danny.  I didn't set the alarm like you showed me," Marcy said with a sob. "I kept thinking you would be back any time. It didn't seem hardly necessary."
"Well, turns out it would have been a good idea, darlin'," Cherry grinned. He looked like a wild man who had just stumbled out of a Borneo jungle.  His wiry red hair bristled in all directions, the strands clotted and greasy from inattention, and his tangled beard was equally uncontrolled.  He wore a faded black tee-shirt with a hole on the shoulder, jeans so filthy they looked like they could stand up by themselves, and scuffed cowboy boots.  Danny could smell him from across the room, the rank odors of sweat, smoke, and whiskey merging in a rancid stew of stomach-turning stink.
"They're looking for you, Cherry," Danny said. "When you weren't at Jezebel's tonight..."
Heck Cherry interrupted him with a derisive hoot. "So you were there for the big bust?" he asked. "Matter of fact, so was I. But lady luck smiled on me.  Turns out, I had to take a piss, and I was back in the crapper when the law busted in.  So instead of going back out front to get shot, I scooted back to the kitchen instead." 
"But how did you get out of there?  The kitchen doesn't have a back door."
"Through the vent over the grill, you dumb shit," Cherry explained, as if the answer should have been obvious to Danny.  His voice had that slurry drawl of the inveterate alcoholic.  "I swung the filter down, hoisted my ass up through the hole, and then closed it behind me.  The shooting out front covered up the noise.  I scooted along about six feet of duct, kicked out an exhaust fan, and the next thing I knew, I was on the roof of that dink nail joint next door.  I crawled to the far end of that roof, dropped to the ground, and damned if I wasn't in the clear nearly a block from the bar."
That was the movement in the shadows that Danny and Will thought they saw.  In the excitement and confusion of the raid and its aftermath, they had forgotten to mention it to Paxton.
"You might have gotten away from Jezebel's" Danny said, "but they know the drugs are yours.  Half of your buddies are dead or shot up, and the ones who aren't will roll over on you in a heartbeat to try to save themselves.  Your cousin Dee is dead, by the way.  I saw his corpse myself."
"So that big dumb bastard got it, huh?" Cherry said.  He seemed only mildly interested in the revelation.  "That don't surprise me.  He was always waggling that big .45 Colt around, braggin' about how someday he hoped he'd have the chance to draw down on some laws.  But I ain't goin' out like that.  I got me a plan for hauling my nasty ass the hell outa Dodge."
The singer raised himself up out of the chair and started across the room, weaving slightly.  Despite the crooked grin on his face, his eyes were as flat and devoid of expression as pennies.  They seemed to operate independently from one another, probably because of the crack and meth that clogged his system, creating an eerie, Quasimodo effect.  He waggled the gun while he talked, as if he had almost forgotten he was holding it.
"I got me a compadre with a little shack back in the mountains of Belize," he explained. "I figured I'd go down there and hang for a while, maybe learn to sail a boat and score some of that Indian tang he brags about.  Then who knows?  South America oughta be big enough to get lost in."
Danny was getting a bad feeling about this.  Cherry was telling them too much, and he wasn't clever or sober enough to be laying a false trail for the law to follow.
"Or you could roll the dice and turn yourself in," Danny said.  "They couldn't place you at Jezebel's, so you couldn't take a hit for anything that happened there.  They might even have trouble connecting the drugs to you.  But even if you did go down for that, with a good lawyer you could back on the street in three years, maybe less.  Free, clear, and not on the run for the rest of your life.  Who knows?  It might even give your career a boost if your fans knew you'd done time."  He doubted that his assertions were even remotely true, and his logic had as many holes as a spaghetti strainer.  But Cherry, in his drugged, drunken state, might consider his suggestion.  It proved to be a false hope.
"I'd be free and clear and rollin' in cash right now if you peckerwoods hadn't stuck your noses in our bidness.  You and that phony barback cocksucker, and even that other little weasel.  What's his name?  Caulder's old man?"
"Are you talking about Edwin Raines?" Danny asked with renewed interest.
"Yeh, him.  I didn't find out for months that he'd been down in Natchez cozying up to Nelda and Charmaine.  Then it turns out he was also shacked up part-time with my cousin Ellie in Holly Springs.  I never did get it all sorted out, but he was all up in my stuff and I know he musta had some part in all this mess.  Maybe he was even working for the DEA himself."
"Is that why you killed him?" Danny asked, hardly believing he had the nerve to ask the question.
"That little cracker needed killin' alright," Cherry said, hedging the question.  "Far as I was concerned, he was almost begging for somebody to scorch his grits."  Cherry paused, aiming both the barrel of the revolver and his own soulless gaze at Danny.  "Same as you, you sorry bastard," he said.
"It wouldn't be a good idea to shoot me, Cherry," Danny said.  "All you'd accomplish would be to make them look that much harder for you.  You could tie Marcy and me up, and nobody would find us for a day or two.  They couldn't even get you for kidnapping if you did that.  Just simple assault.  Your plan, my friend, should be to hit the road in a big damn hurry.  You've got a long way to go, and a short time to get there."  Jerry Reed, Smoky and the Bandit.  Cherry should appreciate that one.  "That is, if you want to stay ahead of the DEA."
"All in good time, my man," Cherry grinned. "I got my own plan a'workin'. I didn't stop by here just to cap your ass.  I need some financing, and I figured you might be able to help out with that.  And since she's here," he added, waving the revolver carelessly at Marcy, "I might as well break me off a piece of that candy before I leave out."
"You can't do that, Heck," Marcy whined.  "I'm hurt.  You saw the cast on my leg."
"It ain't your leg I plan to do somethin' with, girl," Cherry said.
"It's not just that.  I've got some busted ribs, too.  And stitches all over the place.  I'm a mess."
Glancing at Marcy, Danny saw that she was terrified, and for good reason.  He had no doubt that Heck Cherry intended to kill them both, and now it looked like he had rape on his  mind, too.  Danny knew he would have to do something soon, no matter how desperate and suicidal it proved to be.
"So tell me, rich boy," Cherry said. "What kind of goodies do you have stashed around this big fancy barn of yours?  I bet you got a safe someplace.  I wouldn't mind having a look inside that.  And I bet your wallet is stuffed with folding money, too.  Fancy boys like you like to flash around a roll of bills for the ladies, don't you, Danny boy?"
"There's a couple of hundred in my wallet.  I've got a Rolex watch and a few hundred dollars in the safe," Danny confirmed. "It's built into the floor upstairs, and I'll open it for you.  But my ex took all the best stuff when she ran out on me.  I've got a couple of computers you could turn into cash.  You could walk out of here with two or three grand in cash and loot.  That should get you well into Mexico, or maybe all the way to Belize if you didn't get robbed or drink it all up."
"Wal, we'll see," Cherry drawled. He strolled over and snatched Marcy up by the scruff of the neck, handling her so roughly that squealed in pain.  "Maybe you'll think of some more little hidey-holes after I wring a few screams out of this little sweetheart of yours."
"There's no reason to hurt her," Danny said, trying to keep his voice calm.  "It won't help anything.  I've got no reason to hold back anything from you.  It's just stuff."
"You're so full of shit it's fillin' up your socks," Cherry said.  "I been in houses like this before.  I know what rich dudes like you keep around.  Jewels, and gold coins, and table silver so heavy you'd break a toe if you dropped a piece."
"Some people do.  But the problem is, Shelby knew what rich dudes like me keep around, too, and she knew where I kept it."
"I had an ex who did me that way," Cherry said, almost conversationally.  "She sold two of my gold records in a pawn shop over on South Third for a hundred dollars apiece, then drank every cent up that same night on Beale Street.  I would have wrung that little hussy's neck if I coulda got my hands on her."
"Then you know what I'm talking about," Danny said.  "But I could run out to the cash machine and get a few hundred bucks if that would help."
"Yeah, that's gonna happen, amigo," Cherry growled, seeming amused.  Then, giving Marcy a shove across the room, he told her, "Girl, get one of them fancy ropes from the drapes and tie your boyfriend up with it.  Good'n tight."
The thought of having his arms and legs tied made every claustrophobic nerve in Danny's body sound an alarm.  Once he was bound, any hope of fighting back would be gone for good.  When Cherry decided to kill them, all Danny would be able to do was lay there and die.
Cherry stood about six feet away watching Marcy stumble toward the windows, and for an instant, the revolver was pointed across the room instead of at him or Marcy.
It was now or never.
Danny spread his arms wide and sprang forward, imagining himself taking Cherry down in one sweeping plunge like a lineman sacking a quarterback.  If he could get him down and grab the arm that held the gun, it was anybody's game.  He recalled the fight on the houseboat and how easily he had taken the singer out then, and his motivation was far stronger now.  He was fighting for his and Marcy's lives, and he wanted to hurt Heck Cherry as quickly and as seriously as he could.
Later Danny figured out that Cherry must have seen his charge at the last instant and swung the revolver in a backhand arc that caught Danny square across his face.  But while it was happening, all Danny was aware of was that fireworks began exploding in his head, big bright noisy ones, and that suddenly the rules of gravity and balance seemed to go haywire.  He staggered back clumsily across the room and started falling, only half conscious as the footboard of Marcy's bed clobbered him with a glancing blow across his right temple.
Consciousness and realization returned in stages.  It was probably the profound and urgent pain in his head and face that brought him around.  That, and the thick gruel of blood and mucus in his mouth, alerted him that he was hurt, perhaps badly.  Then he remembered the rest.
Danny's arms were tied behind him, and the velvet curtain cord that bound them was stretch down and looped around his legs.  Lying on his side with his body arched awkwardly back, he felt like a rodeo steer.  To complete the humiliation, something foul tasting was stuffed in his mouth.
"I don't wanna do this, Heck," Marcy complained from somewhere nearby.  "Seems like you can't anyway."  Craning his neck around, Danny saw that he was on the floor near the bed where Cherry and the girl lay.  Danny could see only a denim leg and a cowboy boot hanging off the edge of the mattress.
"You'll like it fine once we get started," Cherry said.  "We just got to give old faithful a minute to stand up and salute.  He could use a little coaxing, if you get my drift."
"Hell no, Heck!  I'm not touching that nasty thing!"
"You will if I say so, gal!  You was willing enough that other time, and we're the same two people now."
"But I got myself a boyfriend, now," Marcy whined.  "A real nice fella.  Besides, we didn't really do much that other time either, except roll around naked till you fell sleep.  Maybe you don't remember, but you were so drunk and stoned that you couldn't.  Just like now, it seems like."
Cherry slapped her.  The sharp sound of his hand striking Marcy sent a jolt of rage through Danny.  He twisted and struggled against his bonds, and found them unexpectedly loose.  Forcing Marcy to tie him up had been just another bad decision in the string of mistakes Heck Cherry had made tonight.
While the singer and the girl continued their heated debate about how active a role she should play in her own rape, Danny freed his hands, then loosened the rope from around his legs.
Danny's head swam as stood up.  The left side of his head and neck were smeared with blood.  For a moment he felt so weak and dizzy that he wasn't sure he could stay on his feet.  But the sight of Cherry lying there with his pants down around his ankles, groping the half-naked Marcy with his thick, clumsy paws, sent a surge of fury through Danny.
He grabbed Cherry's ankles, intending to pull him off the bed and onto the floor, but his strength failed him.  He only managed to move the singer a few inches before Cherry rolled over and gave Danny a powerful kick in the chest that took his breath and staggered him back.
Remarkably, the singer still held the revolver in his hand.  He began to bring it around, but before he could take aim on Danny, Marcy grabbed his arm in both of hers.  Her teeth sank deep into the flesh of his arm, and he howled in pain.  He gave his arm a violent shake, lifting the girl and flinging her off the bed.  Things might have turned out very differently had the gun not gone over the side with her.
Marcy's attack gave Danny a vital couple of seconds to recover and come at Cherry again.  He had no plan, and simply moved in with his fists flailing.  He managed to land a couple of satisfying punches to the singer's grizzled features before Cherry drove him back again with the hard heel of a boot.
Danny paused, sucking air into his depleted lungs and shaking his head against the dizziness.  Cherry used the time to pull his pants up and rise.  His face was contorted into a twisted, wicked grin, as if actually looked forward to the violence to come.  "You're gonna pay for that, gal," he growled over his should to Marcy, "just as soon as I finish off this feller here."
Cherry moved forward, overconfident, perhaps because of all the blood Danny had already lost by his hand.  He swung a roundhouse right that would have crushed bones, but Danny dodged the worst of it, catching only a glancing clip on the side of his head.  Adding to all his other pains, Danny's left ear suddenly felt like someone had pressed a hot iron against it.
Danny swung a punch of his own, felt the cartilage in Cherry's nose snap like a twig, and grimaced at the sudden searing pain in his knuckles.  Even success had its cost.  The country singer shook his head like a stunned bull, slinging streams of snot and blood, and moved in again.
Cherry's next punch connected hard, landing squarely on the bleeding gash that the revolver had opened up on Danny's face.  The pain was incredible.  Danny staggered back against a mahogany table, sending a lamp crashing to the floor.  He would have gone down if his back had not landed hard against the wall.
Stunned and weakened, Danny was not too far gone to realize that that blow was just a foretaste of the abuse to come.
"Is this a private game, or can anybody play?" a male voice asked from somewhere.  Through blurred vision, Danny saw a man standing in the doorway.  It was Will Bishop.
Like a dumb beast annoyed at being distracted from its destructive purpose, Heck Cherry turned toward the newcomer.  Recognition showed on his grizzled, bloody features, and the crooked grin widened.
"If you want some of this, barback," he growled, "then come an' get it."  He charging his new opponent furiously.
Cherry aimed a jab at Will's face with his right fist, and Will swatted it away like an annoying insect.  The punch was only a diversion for his real assault, which was a kick aimed at Will's groin.  Danny wouldn't have expected that, but Will did.  He countered it with a sideways twist of his hips, then grabbed Cherry's rising leg and used it to give him a hard shove backward.  Cherry barely caught his balance before falling.
Heck Cherry lumbered forward again, reminding Danny of a determined but dull-witted bear.  He walked right into a hard right from Will.  Whatever had remained of Heck Cherry's nose after Danny's punch became a gory mess of mangled flesh and blood.  While Will waggled his fingers in the air, shaking off the pain of the punch, Cherry pawed at his face, wiping away the blood, and spit a disgusting red glob on the floor.  That pretty much made up Danny's mind that all the downstairs carpets had to go.
"You're out of your league, Cherry," Will taunted.  "Maybe it's time for me to let Marcy finish you off."
Cherry moved in again.  His throaty growls hardly seemed human.  He kept his guard up now to protect his devastated face, so Will worked his vulnerable midsection with a hard series of punches.  Had Danny still been fighting at this point, he would have worked that big fat belly, the inevitable product of decades of alcoholic overindulgence.
But he could see that Will Bishop wasn't merely trying to end the fight.  From the start he had known the victory was his.  He was going for maximum pain and maximum damage, hammering Heck Cherry's ribcage with a series of punishing, bone-snapping blows.
Cherry's guard fell away, his arms dangling at his sides like useless appendages, and he staggered backward, not stopping until he reached the walnut-paneled wall behind him.  Will Bishop followed, never letting up.
When it became clear that the singer was losing consciousness, Will grabbed a handful of his shirt with his left hand, holding him erect while his right fist continued its assault on Cherry's head and face.
"Stop it, Will!" Marcy exclaimed at last.  "My God, do you want to beat him to death?"
Will's face, shirt, hands and arms were streaked and splattered with blood, none of it his.  "It crossed my mind," he said.  "Nobody would care."  He drew his fist back for yet another blow, but Marcy grabbed his arm and stopped him.
"Alright," he said.  He released Cherry's shirt front, and the singer sagged to the floor.
For a few seconds, no one spoke.  Blood was everywhere, and the room looked like someone had remodeled it with a tire iron.  Danny didn't remember going down, but he sat now with his back against the wall, his legs splayed in front of him.  He felt lightheaded and stupid, his brain barely able produce coherent thought.  He hurt everywhere.
Then Marcy was kneeling beside him, pressing her wadded T-shirt against the cut on his face.  Her reassuring touch felt wonderful.
TWENTY-NINE
An Inconvenient Child
Danny lay in a recliner by the pool, absorbing the last slanting rays of afternoon sunlight, sipping a rum and Coke made all the more tasty because it violated his doctor's orders.
Beneath a pad of gauze and tape, the wound on his temple throbbed dully, but over the past few days the pain had steadily diminished.  He had suffered a concussion, but counted himself lucky to come out with his brains no more scrambled than before.
He worried more about the crimson scar and the train track of stitches that marched diagonally up his left cheek from his chin almost to his ear.  A plastic surgeon had assured him that cosmetic surgery would make the scar scarcely noticeable, but he imagined spending the rest of his life explaining how he had been pistol-whipped in the middle of the night in his own library by a demented county music singer.  He'd have to come up with something better.
Danny was home alone, which felt good for a change.  His father had returned to Tunica the day before after spending several days in Memphis to see to the care of his injured son.  Will and Marcy had taken a pick-up load of furniture and household items, gifts from Danny, over to her new apartment and wouldn't be back for hours.  The warm sun and the calming effects of the alcohol made him drowsy and meditative.
Above all else, he felt blessed to be alive, to have survived the last four months of risks and recklessness with nothing more than a lump on his head and a scar on his cheek to remind him of the chances he had taken.  As Paxton and others had cautioned him, he had been out of his element meddling in the affairs of the bikers and drunks and dopers who had inhabited the weird environment into which Edwin Raines had inserted himself.  He could have ended up like Edwin, crumpled in a pool of his own blood, perhaps spending the last moments of his life contemplating his own ill-considered follies.
He drifted into a pleasant dream involving a sympathetic, black-haired woman whose eyes danced with attraction and desire as he told her what it was like to stare down the barrel of a loaded revolver.
"At least all the damage is to your head," a female voice teased lightly from a few feet away.
Danny opened his eyes and saw a woman silhouetted near the foot of the recliner.  With the sun outlining her tall, slim form, she almost seemed to glow in the evening light.
"That's the last place I'd beat on you if I wanted to cause any serious damage," she said.  "It's too hard."
"Caulder?" Danny said.  "I've been wondering when you would get back to town.  I wanted to talk to you."
"I'm sorry I couldn't come sooner, Danny," Caulder Raines said.  "I was hopping all over Asia with a booking agent.  We managed to get Unslung Heroes set up on a three-city tour to Hong Kong, Seoul, and Tokyo.  Cowboys are big over there."
"That's great, Caulder.  With your hand on the throttle, it looks like these guys are going places," he said without much enthusiasm.
She held up crossed fingers and beamed a radiant smile at him.  She wore a light blue cotton blouse, darker blue cotton shorts, and blue, suede sandals.  The outfit looked new and expensive, and Elvis certainly would have approved of the footwear.  She looked tanned, fit, and absolutely splendid, yet he felt no pleasure at her appearance here in his backyard.
"I forgot to get my phone activated for overseas service, but your father's voice messages came through as soon as I got to Los Angeles.  I'm sorry I didn't call before, but I didn't know anything had happened.  I spent this morning catching up on the newspaper stories about the drug raid and the idiotic stunt that Heck pulled at your house.  He really freaked out, didn't he?  I guess it was just a matter of time, but I'm so sorry you had to be there when it happened."
"He was going to kill us after he robbed me and raped Marcy," Danny said.  "But I'm sure he's wishing now he hadn't made that last stop.  Will broke him up pretty badly."
"That part wasn't in the newspaper," Caulder said.  "Is Will that young writer who works for you?"
"Yeah.  Will Bishop.  He's on my staff."  Danny went to the drink cart to make another rum and Coke.  "Want one?" he asked.  She nodded and he filled two highball glasses with crushed ice.
"Will always talked about how he grew up tough on his daddy's ranch in Wyoming, and he wasn't exaggerating.  I've never seen a man beaten the way he beat Heck."
"He deserved it, and more."
"There's more truth to that than you probably know," Danny said.  "The other thing that hasn't been in the newspaper yet is the part about Edwin.  Someone I know in MPD says they're trying to build a case against Heck Cherry for your husband's murder."
"You can't be serious!" Caulder said, sagging into a patio chair.  "Why on earth do they think Heck might want to shoot Edwin?  They hardly knew each other!"
"Heck's buddies filled in the missing pieces for the police," Danny explained.  "Heck had set up a small-time drug transportation operation that stretched from Natchez to Holly Springs, and then on up into Memphis for distribution.  Edwin kept showing up in all the places where Heck and his cousins were operating their pipeline.
"For a long time Edwin kept a low profile, and with his fake names and funny disguises, Heck didn't know anything about him.  But toward the end Heck figured it all out.  He suspected that Edwin was trying to gather information about his business.  He told me that much here at my house that night, although he never did own up to actually pulling the trigger."
"That's just crazy!" Caulder said.  "I can't even conceive of Edwin getting himself mixed up in something like that.  If he knew anything, he would have told the authorities, and then he would have gotten as far away from it as he could.  And surely he would have told me."
"I don't think that's what Edwin had in mind," Danny said.  "At least not at first.  And I'm convinced it never was his main purpose for doing the hair-brained things he did."
Caulder sipped her drink and gave Danny an appraising look over the rim of her glass.  "Do you think you've finally got it figured out?" she asked.  She didn't seem pleased by the prospect.
"Most of it," Danny admitted.  "Practically all of it, actually.  And when I lay it out for you, I think you can fill in the last few gaps."
"That sounds like a perfect conversation to have over another of Edwin's excellent bottles of wine," Caulder suggested with a shade too much bravado.  "We can sit in the den and solve the crime while we sip one of his best vintages.  Edwin would appreciate the civility of that."
"This can't wait that long, Caulder," Danny said.  "Since you're here, I'd like to get it over with now, without the wine and theatrics."  His level, determined tone that made Caulder cast her false gaiety aside and look at him more closely.
"Okay," she said.  "Let's hear it."
Danny sat down across the table from her.  The sun was dipping into the treetops to the west, and the sensors had switched on the underwater pool lights.  He took a drink, composing his thoughts.
"When I first started trying to sort things out," Danny said, "I kept thinking in terms of a timeline based on the order that I made my own discoveries."  He sloshed the rum and Coke in his glass, tinkling the ice lightly against the glass.  "But things only started falling in place when I reversed the sequence.  Holly Springs came first, Natchez was next, and the little apartment above Jezebel's was last.  What triggered everything was a call Ellie Byrne made from Holly Springs a year ago, and Edwin's decision to go meet her and her niece, Misty.  After meeting them, he decided he had to do something to help them out of their desperate situation."
"Okay, I'm confused already," Caulder admitted.  "Just out of the blue, why would he decide to do something like that?"
"Obviously he felt some responsibility to help them.  That's why he bought the house, and that's why he found opportunities to go down there and be part of their lives when he could.  Misty never had a father figure in her life, and over time she and Edwin grew close.  He was even teaching her French.  He gave Ellie enough money to live on, but never asked for anything in return.  Nothing sexual every occurred between them.  But that leads back to your question.  Why?" Danny went on.  "Why did he help them?"
"Obviously you think you know why," Caulder said.  Her voice grew impersonal, almost annoyed.
"The 'why' leads us to Natchez, where Misty was born," Danny said.  "Months ago, Edwin followed the trail there, and eventually so did I.  We both went to see a woman named Wilda Federman, whose name was on Misty's birth certificate as her birth mother.  We both found out that the child she bore fifteen years ago was stillborn.  But there was another baby born in the same hospital, just a day earlier, and this one lived."
Shock riveted Caulder in her chair.  She stared at Danny as if he'd just reached out and slapped her.  Then she rose and went to the poolside bar, standing with her back to Danny as she mixed another drink.  "You son of a bitch," she said, her voice soft, half choking.
"Edwin found his answers by volunteering at the hospital in Natchez and spending some time in the birth records.  I hired a researcher to get the same information for me.  I got his report two days ago.  They confirmed what I already suspected."
"Damn you, I told you to stay away from Natchez!" she muttered quietly, as if to herself.
"But I didn't," Danny said.
With her back still to him, Caulder tossed back the fresh drink, set the glass down, and poured again.  When she turned to face him, her eyes were rimmed with red, and her face looked stricken, as if she had just received news of some great loss.  Danny felt odd, like he had cut her open and taken a look at something inside that she wanted to keep forever hidden.  But that didn't stop him.  He wasn't through slicing and dicing.
Caulder began a slow, willful transformation.  Her shoulders raised and her posture stiffened.  Her gaze narrowed, and she purged the sadness and regret from her face.  Finally she confronted him with a look of cold resolve.  She returned to the table and sat down, back straight, gaze steady.  "I can see you are determined not to spare me from any of this," she said.  "So go ahead.  Let's get it over with."
"Alright.  Then I'll push on," Danny said, meeting her gaze squarely.  "Of course there's nothing in the records to prove any of this, but here's my theory.  Nelda and Charmaine Hutsinger took care of getting the birth certificates switched, and whatever other paperwork needed to be fabricated or doctored.  Someone gave Wilda Federman some money, and the papers she was asked to sign, without her ever knowing what they contained, were documents surrendering her baby for adoption.  The other mother was provided with paperwork showing that her baby was dead.  Conveniently stillborn."
Her game face intact, Caulder hardly twitched as that thrust struck home.
"Her conscience was clear because she believed her baby would go to deserving, infertile parents," Danny said.  "What she didn't know was that Nelda and Charmaine had a cousin named Pam Gault in Holly Springs who desperately wanted a baby but couldn't have one of her own.  It was a perfect fit, and who would know about the trick they pulled except Heck Cherry.  And Heck didn't give a damn.
"The only problem was that Pam Gault somehow learned the name of her daughter's real mother, probably from Nelda and Charmaine.  After she died, in a moment of absolute desperation, her sister Ellie Byrne decided to reach out to the birth mother for help.  But instead of reaching the mother, her call was answered by the woman's husband.  That was the starting point for everything that happened since."
When Danny fell silent, Caulder Raines spent a minute staring first at him, then at the sweating tumbler in front of her.  She chose her words carefully.
"The first thing I want you to understand," she said, "is that I'm not asking for either your understanding or your forgiveness for the mistakes I made.  Had he lived, Edwin might have forgiven me, and that's the only real forgiveness that would have counted to me.  But he's not alive.  He's dead.  So all I can do is accept things the way they are and go on.
"But since I'm the one who got you involved, and since you seemed to have pursued your mission with such dedication and burning curiosity..."  The words blazed with bitterness and irony.  "I suppose nothing is lost in confirming what you've already figured out."
Danny didn't speak, waiting for her to continue.
"As you well know, my first big business break came sixteen years ago when Saddle Trash started gaining popularity and climbing the charts," Caulder began.  "I traveled everywhere with them back then.  I was scared out of my wits that some big agency would steal them away from me, so I did everything I could think of to keep them happy and keep them satisfied with the representation that I was providing.  Heck was at the top of his game.  The booze and the crank hadn't taken over his life yet, and he had those outlaw good looks that women loved.  The songs he was writing and performing seemed to reach down inside of people and touch something thrilling and intensely personal.  Heck Cherry was Saddle Trash back then.
"I spent more time on the road with the band than I did at home with my new husband, and I guess I probably felt more joined to them than I did to Edwin.  Heck and I just drifted into an affair.  Life on the road is conducive to that sort of thing.  But it didn't last long.  He wasn't cut out for monogamy, and he liked his women a little more skanky and wild than me.  But we were together long enough, and I was young and reckless and stupid enough to be careless once too often.
"I meant to get an abortion, but before I could arrange for one Edwin discovered that I was pregnant, and he naturally assumed it was his.  He was so excited that I wished it was his, but I knew better.  I spent weeks wallowing in guilt and dread that a little orange-haired baby would pop out of my womb, and everyone would know immediately what I had done.  Finally I began to plan how I could deal with the mess and save my marriage and my business.  Heck helped me.  He didn't give a damn about my problems, but he wasn't sure what the negative publicity would do to his career, and he didn't want the responsibility of having a child in the world that everyone acknowledged openly to be his."
Caulder was getting into the rhythm of her story now.  The hard edge left her voice as her thoughts drifted back.
"The situation with his two cousins in the hospital was perfect, and because we were traveling so much anyway, nobody questioned why I happened to be in Natchez when the baby was born.  We actually scheduled a c-section delivery for a time when I knew Edwin would be too far away to rush to my side.
"I never knew all the details, and never wanted to.  I paid Heck's cousins a thousand dollars apiece, and they gave me a death certificate saying that my baby had died due to complications during delivery.  They also gave me a little urn.  God knows what was actually in it, but Edwin and I rented an airplane and scattered the whatever was in there over the Mississippi River.  I never felt like a bigger fraud than I did that day, but I was also relieved that it was all finally over.
"You were right.  I have consoled myself by thinking that my baby was adopted a loving couple.  I pictured her living in the country, helping her mom bake cookies, taking the bus to school, never knowing that the parents she grew up with were not the ones that brought her into the world."
"You can keep the part about living in the country, and throw the rest away," Danny noted.  "Unfortunately her life has not been so idyllic.  But Edwin did start turning things around for her and her aunt.  The prospects are a lot better for them than they were a year ago."
Caulder started to speak, then caught herself and said nothing.  Danny imagined that she might have been about to ask what her daughter was like, what kind of person she was, how she looked——all the questions a mother might ask about a child that she had long ago forsaken.  He didn't know what stopped her, whether she felt she didn't deserve to know, or thought the answers might simply be too painful.
"I've been thinking about what's best for the girl," Danny said, "and here's what I've come up with.  First, ownership of the house, the car, and all of Edwin's belongings in Holly Springs should be signed over to her aunt, Ellie Byrne.  My attorney can take care of the paperwork.  All you have to do is sign what he puts in front of you."
"That's fine," Caulder said.
"Next, a portion of Edwin's estate should be set aside or placed in trust for the girl.  She was obviously an important person in his life, and I have an idea that he would have taken similar steps if he'd known he wouldn't be around to see her grow up."
"What do you have in mind?"
"The stuff in Edwin's safe would make a good trust fund," Danny said.  "The old coins, the rare stamps, the wines—the whole lot.  I don't know if you've had it appraised yet..."
"It’s worth over two hundred thousand," Caulder revealed.
"That seems about right."
"Okay.  I'll do whatever you say.  Sign whatever you tell me to."  Caulder's voice was resigned.  She looked and acted almost physically exhausted now.  "But I do have one question, Danny.  What are you going to do?  Now that you know everything, all about why my husband launched out on this weird, quirky crusade, what will you do with the information?  You're a journalist.  You own a magazine, and this is a hell of a story."
"You said you weren't asking for my understanding or forgiveness, Caulder," Danny said, "and I'll make it clear that I'm not asking for your permission to do anything I decide to do.  I won't make any promises, but I will tell you this.  I see two stories that are worth printing.  One is about the drug ring, the arrests in Natchez, what Heck was doing at his place down in Mississippi, and the raid at Jezebel's.  Despite the fact that Edwin seemed to be on the periphery of all that, we can't determine that he had any involvement.  None whatsoever.  So it isn't likely that his name will ever come up.
"The second story is about Edwin's death, and that one won't materialize unless someone, Heck Cherry or whoever, is indicted and tried for his murder."
"So who else knows about this other stuff, about the switched babies, and the girl in Holly Springs, and what Edwin was doing?" Danny continued.  "A lot of people know different parts of it, but I doubt if anyone could fit everything together the way I did, and the way Edwin did.  Heck Cherry is probably your biggest threat, but as fried as his brain is, he'd probably have trouble trying to tell you what he had for breakfast this morning, let alone recalling the details of something that happened fifteen years ago."
The sun had set while they were talking.  Timers that Danny probably couldn't have located if he needed to had turned on a few discreet lights around the pool and garden area.  Caulder sat for a few moments staring into the shimmering blue waters of the pool, lost in her own thoughts.
Danny refreshed their drinks, his head swimming from the three rum and cokes he had already poured into his empty stomach.  His temple throbbed, signaling that the afternoon painkillers were wearing off, and he wondered what another one of those wonderful red pills would do to him on top of all that rum.
He had contemplated this meeting with Caulder for several days, ever since the birth records from Darden Ramsey arrived from Natchez, confirming his suspicions about the child Caulder had given birth to so many years ago.  What he was still not sure of, however, even after the fact, was why he felt the need to confront her with these long-buried truths.
All he knew for sure was that he had to do it, perhaps for Edwin's sake, and perhaps for Misty Gault's as well.
"I'm closing the house," Caulder said.  "My real estate agent advised me not to sell because Midtown housing prices are going up.  I don't want to go to the bother of renting it out.  Now that the band has hit the big time they want to relocate to Nashville, and it makes sense for me to get a place over there.  I'll move my office there, too."
"That's a smart decision," Danny answered with no real interest.  For a multitude of reasons, he thought.
"I'll be leaving town Monday and won't be back for the rest of the week.  While I'm gone, you can come over and get the things out of the safe.  I'll have the security people drop by with a key and the alarm codes."
"Okay.  And if you don't mind, I'll pull the WRM Corporation records while I'm there.  It will make the job of signing over the Holly Springs house easier for my lawyer."
"Take whatever you want, Danny.  I trust you.  Or maybe the truth is, I just don't care anymore.  Not after today."
Their dry, impersonal exchange reminded Danny of a divorcing couple still dealing with practical matters long after the personal side of their relationship had ceased to exist.  He and Shelby had these kinds of talks from time to time, and they were, in some strange way, the most uncomfortable and sad.
Caulder rose.  "Well then..." she said.  She looked at him, and for a moment he thought she was going to say something more, perhaps make final pronouncement that signaled the end of their shared personal affairs, or even of their friendship.
Instead she simply turned and walked away.
THIRTY
Cain and Abel
The house on Central Avenue where Caulder and Edwin Raines had lived throughout their sixteen years of married life already felt somehow vacant to Danny Skerett, although Caulder belongings were still there.  After letting himself in, he paused just inside the front door and took a long look around.  He imagined the couple going about their daily routines as man and wife, reuniting after their travels, sharing meals and household chores, chatting about business and personal events, arguing from time to time, making love, sharing the intimate sides of themselves as only married people can.
Feeling oddly uncomfortable, almost like an intruder in this dim, still place, Danny went to Edwin's office.  Little had changed since he was there last.  The only difference he noticed was that a large cardboard box sealed with a strip of wrapping tape now sat in the middle of Edwin's wide mahogany desk.  It was the box he sent when Caulder asked him to return everything having to do with his investigation of her husband.  She had never bothered to even open it.
Danny set the two empty boxes he brought with him on the desk.
Unlocking the hidden closet safe with keys provided by Caulder, he saw that Edwin's inventory of valuables remained intact.  Three sheets typed on the letterhead of a local appraisal firm lay on a shelf.  They contained a list of the safe's contents and the estimated value of each item.  The total came to something over two hundred thousand dollars, as Caulder had said.
Three wooden crates of wine sat along one wall, and Danny examined a few of bottles.  He didn't know enough about wine to recognize any of the wineries or vintages, but knew they must all be expensive to rate a place in this collector's closet, purchased either for investment or for the palate of some discriminating client.
He carried the crates of wine one at a time to the hallway by the front door, then returned and began packing the stamps, coins, and other small valuables.  Most were kept either in lined cardboard boxes or miniature plastic bags with zip-lock tops.  A few of the more valuable coins rated their own wooden display boxes.  Altogether, the collection didn't fill even one box.
Next he turned his attention to the filing cabinets.  The records for WRM Corporation were easy to locate, and he put them into the second box.
After packing everything into his car, he returned to the office for one final look around.  This would probably be the last time he was ever in this office or this house.
His eyes fell on a framed photo on Edwin's desk and he picked it up.  He remembered seeing the same photo in the Commercial Appeal story about the fire at Raines Antiquities.  It was a snapshot of Edwin and Martin Raines, taken before the fire.  Martin and his mother would like to have this, he thought, and Caulder had told him to take whatever he wanted.
In the photo both brothers were smiling, standing in front of a large stone fireplace that Danny recalled being in the front room of the old mansion that had housed Raines Antiquities for so many decades.  Danny remembered the display of African relics that adorned the wall above the fireplace mantle, the shields made from animal skins, the long threatening spears, the tall, brightly painted wooden masks...
"Uh oh!" Danny exclaimed to himself, his eyes riveted on the photo with sudden intense interest.  "This is not good!" he muttered.  He studied it a moment longer, then picked up the box from the center of the desk and left the house.
* * *
Traffic was light in the Overton Square area on this early weekday afternoon, and Danny Skerett parked near the side-street storefront from which Martin Raines now struggled to keep Raines Antiquities solvent.  From the look of things, it was a losing battle.
A bell jangled above his head as Danny entered the front door, carrying the photo from Edwin's desk in his hand.  The place appeared vacant, but then a voice off to his left called out, "Over here."
He found Martin Raines near the back of the store, a can of polish in one hand and a soft white cloth in the other, carefully polishing a tall mahogany wardrobe.  He wore a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and his tie was tucked in his breast pocket to keep it out of the way.  His suit jacked was carefully folded and draped across a nearby chair.
Spotting Danny, Martin Raines stepped back from the wardrobe with an admiring smile.  "It's a nice piece, don't you think?" he said.  "I picked it up at an estate sale down in Olive Branch.  You seldom see solid mahogany of this quality anymore.  Everything's just veneer these days."
"How old is it?" Danny asked.
"I'd guess well over a hundred years, probably passed down through the generations of one family until it ended up on the auction block after somebody died.  I got it for a quarter of what it was worth, and I already have a buyer."
"Well if the deal falls through," Danny said, "give me a call.  I might be interested."
"So what can I do for you today?" Martin asked.  "Whatever you need, if I don't have it, I'll start looking."
"I'm not shopping today," Danny explained.  "I just stopped by to bring you a picture that I thought you and your mother might like to have."
Martin Raines set the cloth and polish aside and squinted at the framed photo Danny handed him.  "The light's not too good in here," he said.  "I need my glasses."  He checked the pockets of his suit coat, then told Danny, "They must be in my office.  Come on back."
When they entered the office, Danny saw that Martin's housekeeping and organizational skills had not noticeably improved.  It was the same rat's nest it had been the last time he was here.
Martin cleared some catalogs off a wooden chair for Danny, then went around the desk and sat.  He dug through the clutter on his desk until he located a pair of steel-rimmed bifocals and put them on.
"Oh yes, I remember this picture," Martin said, studying the photo.  "It was taken three years ago, before our troubles started.  Can I keep it?"
"Sure.  Caulder doesn't need it anymore.  She has plenty of photos of the two of them."  Danny left it at that, not wanting to explain why he had been nosing around Edwin's office.
A rare smile came to Martin's face, a smile not unlike the one he wore in the photograph with his brother.  "This shot was taken for a newspaper article about the store," he said.  "I have a copy of the story in my files, but I didn't realize Edwin got his hands on the picture."
"He kept it on his desk," Danny said.  "As a reminder of better times, I suppose."
"When this was taken, we could not have imagined the tragedies that would befall our family," Martin mused.  He drew the photo closer to his face, as if wanting to absorb even its smallest details.
"The African relics that were hanging above the mantle interested me," Danny said.  "I think I mentioned to you that my ex-wife took so much furniture out of my house.  I've got several rooms that are almost empty.  Those spears and shields gave me an idea about decorating one room in a white hunter theme of some kind.  Like Elvis's jungle room."
"I don't have anything like that, but like I said, I could start looking."  A different expression entirely came over Edwin Raines as he began to smell money.
"I particularly like the masks," Danny said.  "Could you find some like those?"
"Perhaps," Martin said, his tone vaguely guarded.
"What would something like that set me back?  The masks, I mean."
"That depends.  Today an entire cottage industry has sprung up in Africa to produced relics like this for export.  But as you know, my family has always dealt exclusively in genuine antiquities.  For instance, everything you see in this photo is genuine...the skins, the shields, the spears, everything.  Very old and very valuable."
"Does that apply to the masks as well?" Danny persisted.
"Of course."  Martin Raines laid the photograph on the desk in front of him and looked up Danny with growing curiosity.
Danny settled back in his chair, trying to appear relaxed and casual.  But he never took his eyes off Martin Raines as he spoke.  "Here's something you might find interesting, Martin," he said.  "Some time back, I was helping Caulder sort through Edwin's business papers, and I came across some correspondence he had with some antique dealers along the East Coast.  Like you, I guess he was always on the lookout for particular pieces for particular clients, and sometimes the dealers included photos of the things they had located."
"We generally ask for pictures," Martin said.  It's the best way to make sure a client will be pleased with the acquisition."
"Well one of the letters had a photograph of a pair of African masks that looked almost identical to the ones in that picture.  I never made the mental connection until today when I saw that picture on your brother's desk."
"But these masks were destroyed, of course.  In the fire," Martin said hastily.  Danny saw that he was becoming agitated.  "But in Africa, with similar tribes in similar regions, it's not unreasonable to assume that masks which resemble one another might be produced."
"I was so curious that I got the picture the dealer sent and compared it to the picture I gave you," Danny said.  "I couldn't find any differences."
Martin's eyebrows furrowed, and a dark look came onto his face. "What are you saying?" he demanded.  He opened a desk drawer at his side, pulled out a tissue and mopped his forehead with it.  He didn't look so good, Danny thought.  His skin was flushed, and his movements were jerky.
"Nothing in particular, Martin.  I was just struck by the remarkable coincidence.  If you look closely, you can see that the two masks in the picture I gave you are not identical.  They're very similar, and yet there are enough differences to tell them apart.  And it was the same with the two masks in the dealer's photo.  Same similarities, same differences.  Strange."
"I don't like what's you're implying," Martin huffed.  A splotchy red flush was coming over his face, and sweat dotted his forehead.  "You can't just come in here and accuse me of...of anything!  I won't put up with it!"
"Why do you think I'm accusing you?" Danny asked.  "I was just telling you something that seemed interesting.  I thought that maybe if I told you who the dealer was, those masks might be available and you could buy them for me."
"That's not what you're saying! "Martin insisted.  "I understand your meaning!"  His face was crimson now, and a swelling vein on his right temple looked like a throbbing red worm on the side of his head.  He tried to mop his brow again, but his hands were shaking badly and the tissue slipped from his fingers.  He reached into the drawer again, to get another tissue, Danny presumed.
But when Martin Raines' hand came out again, it held a black, small-caliber automatic, and his finger was on the trigger.  His hand shook badly, but at this short range, Danny figured it might be impossible to miss him with even a sloppy shot.  He felt a sudden urge to empty his bladder and struggled to control it.
"I won't stand for it.  Do you hear me?" Martin said.
Danny knew he had pushed too hard to fast.  His first instinct when he made his startling realization in Edwin Raines office was to take his discovery to the police and let them handle it...if they would pay attention to what he had to say, and if they would follow up.  But something drove him to come here instead, to confront Edwin's brother face-to-face.  Now he clearly saw the merits of Plan A.
"Sure I hear you.  You're yelling so loud they can probably hear you out on the street," Danny said.  "But I don't see why you're getting so angry."  He tried to force a smile onto this face.
"I can't take any more of this.  I can't stand it!" Martin shouted.  "You can't just come in here..."
"You're right, Martin.  I should come back another time when you're a little more...calm," Danny suggested.  He started to rise from the chair, but the second he tried to move, Martin's second hand rose to the gun.  Danny froze, waiting for the flash of light and sound to rush at him, but nothing happened.  He settled slowly back into the chair, like a man trying to sit on an egg.
"It was his own fault," Martin blurted out.  "He was so stupid.  So stupid and selfish.  It wasn't enough that he broke up our partnership and ruined my business.  He wanted to see me go to jail, too."
"Why?" Danny asked.  "For the fire?"
"He got his share, you know.  He got his share of the insurance money.  It wasn't like I cheated him.  But he wouldn't let it alone.  He started up with all those letters and pictures and things..."
"...and he found out that you had moved some of the most valuable pieces out of the store before you set the fire," Danny prompted him, "and later resold them someplace else."
"He wanted me to give myself up to the police.  But I would have been in jail for the rest of my life.  With all those filthy criminals, all those drug addicts and fornicators.  For arson, and insurance fraud, and even for manslaughter.  Who knew we had a bum sleeping in our basement?  Who has a guy named Harmonica Joe sleeping in the basement of his store, for Christ's sake?  Would I have to spend the rest of my life in jail for something I didn't even know?"
The throbbing vein in Martin's temple looked about ready to blow, and fat tears flowed down cheeks glistening with sweat.  His eyes were as big and round as half dollars, a madman's eyes.
"So you had to shoot him," Danny prompted.
"It was a mistake," Martin tried to explain.  "No, more like an accident.  A real accident.  I had the gun, this gun, and I tried to scare Edwin with it.  But he wouldn't listen to me.  He was standing by his car, ready to leave, and he said he was going to the police.  Then the gun went off, and he fell down.  The hole was so small, but he didn't move.  His eyes were open...."  As if to demonstrate how common accidents like that were, the shaking gun fired without warning, and the frosted glass pane in the office door behind Danny exploded.  Danny's heart pounded in his chest.
"No wait. That was an accident," Martin explained urgently, staring at the automatic as if it might have its own agenda.  "I'm sorry.  I wasn't trying to shoot you that time."
"That's good news," Danny said.  When he heard his own voice he realized that he was hyperventilating, his words issuing in throaty huffs like a marathon runner talking to the press.  "But just to be safe, why don't you point that thing someplace else.  I'm not your problem, and shooting me will only make things worse."
Martin stared at Danny as if he had just shared a revelation, an insight of profound proportions.  "You're right!  Of course!  You're not my problem.  I'm my problem, and there's only one solution!"
The instant the wavering gun barrel swept away from his direction, Danny reacted instantly.  Even as he lifted the front of the heavy desk and shoved it hard toward Martin Raines, he realized that Martin was moving the gun toward his own head.  It went off just as Martin disappeared behind the rushing mound of oak and desktop debris.
The gun fired again, and in the next instant Martin began screeching.  "I'm shot!  My god, I'm shot!  My face..."
Danny had not consciously considered the wisdom of falling to the floor, but he found himself rising cautiously from the dusty oak boards beside his chair.  There were no more shots, but the office reverberated with Martin Raines' howls of fear and pain.  A faint haze and the acrid odor of cordite filled the room.
Martin Raines was pinned to the floor by the toppled desk, half buried in the jumbled mess of his own business paperwork.  He thrashed hysterically, and Danny approached him with caution, lest he become the next victim of the man's reckless firearm antics.  Then he saw the gun on the floor three feet from Martin and kicked it away.
Danny began excavating until at last he uncovered Martin, at least from the chest up.  Martin had both hands over his face, and there was blood everywhere.  He was blubbering pathetically.
"Help me, Danny.  Help me!" Martin pleaded.  "I'm shot!"  His hands shot out, grasping for Danny's clothing, leaving long bloody streaks down the front of his shirt.
Blood pulsed from the end of Martin Raines nose, and a chunk of flesh was missing, leaving an odd little concave wound.  The long-term consequences of the wound would be interesting.
"You're shot alright," Danny said.  "But not as seriously as you deserve.  You just nicked the end of your nose, so quit blubbering."  He put his handkerchief over the end of Martin's nose, then guided one of his hands up to keep it in place.  "Hold that," he instructed.
Danny lifted the heavy desk off of Martin, righted his chair, and helped him into it.  He stepped back quickly when Martin leaned his head forward and vomited on the mess of papers at his feet.  After that Martin seemed a little calmer, although his eyes were still large with fear and shock.
Danny fished out his cell phone and called the police.
THIRTY-ONE
The Last Chapter
Danny Skelton and his father Whit sat at a picnic table in the shade of a mulberry tree, sipping cold Bud from sweat-beaded brown bottles while they rehashed the highlights from their morning on the lake.  Sardis Reservoir had yielded her bounty to them today, and even now in a shed thirty feet away, one of Gus Patou's sons was filleting out the stringers of crappie and catfish they brought back with them.
Starting at daybreak, Danny and his father had spent eight straight hours on the lake, rigging tackle for the half-dozen lines they kept in the water, munching sausage biscuits and snacks, switching from coffee to beer about noon, and of course pulling 'em in.  When they returned to the dock behind Whit's house about two, they transferred their catch to the back of Whit's old Chevy pickup and headed out to Gus Patou's store.  Everything was part of their fishing ritual, including the ice cold Buds they were now drinking, and the late lunch Patou's wife was now preparing for them in the kitchen in the back of the store.
They had scrubbed their faces, hands and arms with the strong borax soap in the bathroom of Gus's store, but both men still reeked of sweat, beer, fish, stinkbait, and that particular strain of testosterone that comes from doing outdoorsy, manly things.  Their skin was sunburned and dry, and their hair was greasy and matted to their heads.  It was a thoroughly satisfying condition to be in, and the only thing missing was having some female around telling them how filthy and smelly they were and trying to hustle them off to the showers.
"I wish you could stay on just one more day, son," Whit was telling Danny.  "If we did this good again tomorrow morning, we'd have enough fish to invite the whole crowd over for a big fish fry."
"I'd love to, dad, but I just can't," Danny said.  "Our special edition goes to the printer tomorrow, and I promised Lottie I'd be right there in case there are any last-minute problems.  Now that I've started showing up for work every day, she's actually started counting on me again."
"It just seems like a shame to stop in the middle of a run like this," Whit said.  "And I've enjoyed having you around, too."
"Well, we've got our Arkansas trip coming up in a couple of months," Danny pointed out.  "After a full week on the Little Red, we'll both be sick of fishing, and probably of being around each other, too."
"Yeah.  The Arkansas trip," Whit began hesitantly.  "I've been meaning to talk to you about that."  He didn't seem to want his eyes to meet Danny's.
"You're weaseling out on me, aren't you?" Danny said flatly.
"There's this jazz festival in New Orleans that same week," the older man said, "and Jewell goes down every year.  She already had train tickets and reservations for us at the Prince Conti before she even mentioned it to me, and I just didn't have the heart..."
"That's fine, dad."
"I'm really sorry, son."
"I don't mind.  You made the right decision," Danny assured him with a smile.  "The Little Red will be there, and so will the rainbows.  But don't come whining around wanting some trout when I get back with a cooler full.  Just remember, you had your chance."
"That's what love will do to you," Whit said.
"So it's love, huh?"
"I suppose.  I'd sure hate to think I was acting this way about a woman if it wasn't."  Whit paused a moment, looking at his son, then asked, "And speaking of love, what's the news of Shelby these days?  Is she leaving you alone?"
"Her brother's trying to get her in rehab," Danny said.  "I don't know if it will do her any good, but at least it will keep her out of my way for a while."
They looked up and saw Gus Patou, their host, heading toward from the back of the store carrying two large plates with food.
Gus and his family were south Louisiana transplants.  But while most of the other little country stores and bait shops that serviced the Sardis Reservoir fishing crowd offered the usual selection of barbecue sandwiches, fried chicken, cold cuts and frozen pizza, the fare at Gus's was distinctly different, due primarily to his wife Marla's talents in the kitchen.  The plates that he delivered to them today were heaped with generous servings of red beans and rice, grilled Andouille sausage, shrimp etouffe, and brown corn dodgers.
"Man that looks good!" Whit said, accepting the plastic cutlery and paper napkin that Gus offered.
"You enjoy this, and by the time you're through, my boy Maurice will have your fish all ready to go.  You had a good morning on the lake, didn't you?"
"The best in a long time," Whit confirmed.  "I've been trying to convince Danny that he needs to stay over and fish one more day, but he's got some silly notion that he has to go back to the city and go to work."
"A man gotta work," Gus agreed.  "Ain't nothing free in this world except may be the air we breath.  Not even water's free no more.  I make more on that in my store than anything else I sell."  He started to turn away, then paused and reached down in the pocket of the white apron he wore and pulled out two more beers.
"I almost forgot," he said.  "The lady sent you over two more beers."
Danny glanced over and saw Liz Hubbard standing in the back door of the store.  She smiled hesitantly, waiting for a response.  He knew better, but waved her over anyway.
###
Author's Notes:
This previously unpublished novel is one of the products of my foray into mysteries in the mid 1990s through the mid 2000s.  For a few months in 2006 I tried to generate interest in Masks among literary agents who specialize in mysteries, but had no luck.  Eventually, as always happens, I began focusing my time and energy on my next project, and Masks went into the unpublished electronic archives.
While editing the manuscript over the past couple of weeks, I realized that the book is really pretty good (in my biased opinion), and I can only wonder if I couldn't generate more interest because it didn't fit neatly into any of the subcategories of the mystery genre.  There are niches for murders solved by cats, cooks, hardboiled cops, little old ladies, disillusioned detectives both male and female, and on and on.  Simply getting a book read in today's market is a daunting task, and hardworking, overwhelmed literary agents often want to understand what specific reader segment will be targeted before dedicating the time it takes to read a full manuscript.
After spending 2-5 years writing and re-writing a novel, I am very impatient with the process of putting together a killer cover letter and synopsis, which might be my own personal fatal flaw.
Until now, I'm not sure anyone except me has ever actually read this book from beginning to end.  I know that no agent ever asked to see the full manuscript.
Masks is a compilation of ideas and observations that churned around in my head for nearly two decades before finally coming together in this mystery in the 2004-2006 timeframe.
The primary concept for Masks evolved from a brief airport encounter decades ago with a married couple who, on the surface at least, seemed profoundly mismatched.  She was tall, stalwart, and clearly dominant in the relationship.  He was diminutive, withdrawn and unimposing.  But somehow they had made it work, at least to the point that they were both willing to make the long term commitment of marriage.
I had to add flesh and backstory to create their fictional selves, and to become characters in a mystery, their lives had to involve many layers of complexity and conflict.  And of course someone had to die.
Danny Skerett, the reader identity character whose life becomes intertwined with this odd couple, is just the sort of protagonist that I like to write about.  He is somewhat self-effacing, interested but sometimes befuddled by the vagaries of life.  His sense of humor is sardonic and random.  At his core he is a man of kindness and integrity, and he is driven at critical times to seek the truth and do what's right.  Women absolutely confound him.
Your comments and feedback are welcome.  Please send them to glhunt0@earthlink.net.

