Wasted
by John Byrne Barry
Advance reader copy published by John Byrne Barry on Smashwords
© 2014 John Byrne Barry

Chapter 1. Truth Is For Cowards
“For years, the big garbage companies worked overtime to discredit and stop the recycling bandwagon,” says longtime activist Doug Spaulding of Recycle Berkeley, a.k.a. Re-Be. “Now they don’t just want to get on the bandwagon. They want to buy the whole thing and kick the rest of us off.”
—Brian Hunter, “The Garbage Shortage,” East Bay Beat, September 30, 1998
[Sunday. October 11. 9 a.m.]
I see Doug before he sees me, and I pause in the shadow of the Re-Be gate to watch him. He’s driving a dusty yellow John Deere forklift, precariously balancing five bales of cardboard and drumming his hands on the steering wheel. He’s wearing headphones and singing, but I can’t hear him above the groan of the engine.
His frayed jumpsuit, dotted with oil stains and holes, looks like it will disintegrate in the next wash, and his graying ponytail pokes out the back of his orange and black Giants baseball cap. It’s his carefully cultivated Joe Working Class Hippie look, but he grew up in the high-hat suburbs of San Diego and has a Ph.D. in Biology.
I take a breath—dealing with Doug takes an extra shot of oxygen—and stroll into the yard. Doug drops the bales onto a flatbed truck, zips away in reverse, and skids to a halt. He leans into a turn with his shoulder, and grimaces as if his shoulder is bearing the weight. When he sees me, there’s a flicker of embarrassment, then he jerks the headphones off and hops down from the cab.
“I want to show you what we’re up against,” he says. “I will not be fucking intimidated.” Doug, have you heard of hello?
An hour ago, he woke me with a phone call, growling, “You want evidence? Bring a shopping cart. And your camera.”
Doug leads me to his boxy white 1950s bread truck, with the faded Langendorf Bakery logo still visible on one side.
“Front tire punctured. And they leave the fucking screwdriver on my front seat. And the gloves. They want me to know.”
“And who, specifically, is they?” I ask, as innocently as possible. “Tom Herman? Julian?”
“Of course not. Some grunt they hired. I already told you about that whacked-out poacher who tried to kill me. I mean, my life is in danger.”
Doug’s a modern guy—he surfs the Web, follows aluminum prices on the commodities market, listens to Beck and Dave Matthews, and uses sunscreen. But his contempt for “yuppie scum,” his characterization of landlords as “parasites and extortionists,” his sneering about rich people this and rich people that pigeonhole him as a ’60s relic. He’s practically a caricature.
Yet I admire his unflinching passion, wish I had more of it myself. Of course, Doug is a coward in his own way, rarely turning his critical and perceptive eye on himself.
“So what did the police say about all this?” I frame the front tire and passenger door of the truck in my viewfinder.
He hesitates.
“You didn’t call them.”
“Why bother? They’re in on it.”
I put down my camera and give him a skeptical look. “‘Paranoia strikes deep,’” I say, “’‘Into your life it will creep.’ Stephen Stills.”
He stops me with a pointed finger, flashes a phony grin. “Hey, ‘A paranoid is a man who has all the facts.’ Williams S. Burroughs.”
“Yeah, and he was a junkie who shot his wife,” I answer.
“Oh, there’s more. Stay tuned.” He grabs my arm. I shake free. He strides across the pavement, crunching broken glass and tin can lids under his work boots. I stuff my notebook in my back pocket and grab my camera. Rabbit, the old spaniel mutt that Re-Be has adopted, is sleeping in the sun next to the buyback scale. He wiggles his tail in a weak imitation of a wag, then buries his nose in his paws and closes his eyes. I pat him on the head. Not much time left for him. Doug weaves past two huge blue bins overflowing with glass bottles, then stops at the base of the cinder block wall that encloses the yard.
Re-Be’s had a lot of break-ins over the years. Homeless people sleep in the hut. Others get in somehow, fill bags with aluminum cans, then bring them back the next day to resell them at the buyback center. So a couple years ago, after an errant truck knocked down the old fence, Re-Be built a new ten-foot high wall of cinder blocks topped with broken glass embedded in mortar. The shards of green and brown and clear glass sparkle in the morning sun like jewels. 
At the top of the wall a patch of blue denim is speared on a piece of green glass. I pull out my camera and zoom in for a close-up.
“Obviously, it’s our man with the screwdriver,” says Doug.
“Obviously,” I say, overplaying my exasperation. “Look, I get that you want this to be Scavenger sabotage. But I need more than your allegations. You insult me when you give me this flimsy shit and expect me to print it.”
“What, you expect Con to leave incriminating memos sitting around on picnic tables? You don’t have it in fucking triplicate, it didn’t happen? Is that what you’re saying? Textbook rat-fucking, that’s what this is.”
“This is textbook speculation,” I say. “You don’t seem to get this, so let me repeat it slowly. I don’t. Want to publish. Anything. Without. Hard. Evidence. Got it?”
Doug kicks an empty plastic bucket. It rolls along next to the wall, then bangs into it.
“Hunter, what has the truth ever done for you? You told the truth to your bandmates about the money you owed. They bailed. You told the truth to Eileen. She’s gone.”
I open my mouth to respond, but can’t think fast enough.
“We’re living in the post-modern ’90s, man, the truth is what we decide it should be.”
How does Doug know about Eileen, I start to ask, but he rolls right over me.
“Look, my parents are lawyers. Their job is to get their clients off, nail the other guy. Truth is fucking irrelevant. You have the chance to create truth, man, to blast the fucking lid off this takeover plan. Don’t blow it just so you can be fucking pure.”
“Doug, Doug, Doug, I published a laundry list of Scavenger’s criminal fines last Wednesday. I can’t repeat them week after week—”
He thrusts his head towards me, his face inches from mine. I lean back, twisting away from his stare, tightening my grip on the camera hanging from my shoulder.
“Truth is for cowards, man, you gotta take sides,” he says. “The middle of the road is where the roadkill lay twitching. You claim to be a radical, but you don’t have the balls to actually do anything.”
Breathe deep, I tell myself. Don’t let him hook you.
I don’t take well to name-calling. Sometimes I wonder if my marriage failed because I was afraid to fight, my skin was too thin. But there’s safe and there’s afraid. What’s that line from George Jackson? Take patience far enough and it’s cowardice.
I plant my feet, fold my arms in front of my chest, and look him in the eye.
“Doug, attacking me, attacking my integrity is not okay. I thought we were friends. I—”
I leave it at that, take a photo of a nearby stack of aluminum bales. In the breeze, I smell the bleach disinfectant that Re-Be workers scrub the pavement with at the end of each workday. I also catch a whiff of curry from the Indian takeout place up the street that’s always so crowded on weekends. 
“Okay, I’m a little out of control.” Doug steps back, holding his palms up, fingers curled, as if carrying two big melons. “But this is huge. These people are criminals, predators. This isn’t just about holding onto our jobs, our twenty worker-controlled, democratic non-hierarchical jobs, by the way. It’s about the fucking chain-ganging of Berkeley. It’s about community control, resisting domination by corporate criminals. It’s about recycling creating six times as many jobs as landfilling. That’s the truth. And look at what Re-Be’s doing: We’re teaching third graders about worm composting. We’ve spun off three salvage yards that are all doing good business. We’re not just picking up the cardboard packaging, we’re getting people to question whether they need to buy the fucking product in the first place. You think Con is going to do that?”
His voice softens. Again he leans towards me, but without the aggressive stare.
“Hunter, what you write matters. The stories you publish make a difference. Con’s expansionist intentions are out there now, seeping into the public consciousness.”
I hesitate, disarmed. This is the Doug I know, even admire. Relentless, yes, but with a hint of graciousness.
“Doug,” I say, measuring my voice, “I know that this is important to you. I do want to tell this story, but I need more than circumstantial evidence.”
“Oh, like this?”
He pulls a folded piece of paper from his pocket and casually hands it to me. In the middle of a computer printout are two lines highlighted in yellow marker. “James Wilcox, $500; Lynn Brady, $500.”
“What’s this?”
“Follow the money, just like Deep Throat said. These two jokers don’t even live in Berkeley and here they are making the maximum contribution to Womack’s council campaign.”
“So these are campaign contributions?”
Doug nods. “Five hundred for a council race? This is from the city clerk’s office. It’s not their money, it’s Con’s. Wilcox is the floor chief at the transfer station. He can’t be pulling in more than about forty large. And Brady, that’s his wife, home with the kids. They live in Emeryville, in a shithole handyman special. Old beater up on blocks in front. These people are fronts. Womack and council buddies wants to shut us down, let Con swoop in.”
I study the printout. Doug bites his thumbnail, spits it on the ground, then turns and strides back across the yard towards the cavernous football-field sized warehouse, open on one side, where the sorting and baling take place. He doesn’t ask me to follow him, but I do.
Against the center wall of the warehouse, bales of cardboard are stacked ten high, two dozen wide. Paper swirls on the concrete floor. Doug climbs up three steps into the cockpit of the baler, and sits in front of the silver control panel, with its dozens of switches and buttons and levers. In the center a big red circular button says “EMERGENCY STOP.”
He flips a switch and the cans that were sitting in a pit start their ascent up a sloped conveyer belt. At the top, they drop fifteen feet into a hopper and a steel ram squeezes them into a block about four foot by four foot by three, like a wide file cabinet on its side.
I stand on the concrete slab the baler is mounted on, my head at Doug’s knees, and look again at the folded paper. Re-Be’s two-year, $2 million contract with the city to collect recyclables is up for renewal in May. I know Doug is afraid the council will open it up to competitive bidding and Consolidated Scavenger will lowball the bid and pluck it away. Con has done that elsewhere. I wrote about that in my last story. 
“Talk to them,” barks Doug, jabbing his forefinger at the highlighted names. “Grill them. I’ll be damned if I’m going to let Barb take over what we built here.”
“Barb?” I say, with surprise in my voice. “She couldn’t have anything to do with this, you know that. She just started.”
Barb had been Doug’s lover for ten years. She and he had been the matriarch and patriarch of Re-Be, then over the summer, with the quickness of a kitten, Barb broke up with Doug, quit Re-Be, and took a job as recycling director in Consolidated Scavenger’s Oakland office.
Doug scowls at me, his eyes narrow. “You think they couldn’t have found dozens of people to run that program? No, you don’t know her. She’ll fuck us over, they’ll promote her, and then she’ll blush and trot out her ‘oh, little old me, I’m just trying to make the world a better place’ bullshit. I’ll kill her before I let that bitch sell us out again.”
Pause.
“That’s off the record.”
I watch the cans roll uphill. “Sounds like the whole breakup hit you pretty hard.” I’m careful to sound as neutral as possible.
He snorts. “She was just a crack I fell into. It was understood from the beginning that she would bail.” He shrugs. It’s a common gesture of his, but this one is so quick, it’s more like a twitch. “But taking the Scavenger job. That was hateful, man. Poison. She did it to spite me. Not only do I not want to be with you anymore, she’s saying, I want to destroy what we built together.”
A compressed bale of aluminum clatters out the baler’s side door, then the chute at the top of the conveyer belt opens and a new batch of cans fall into the hopper.
A gull glides to a ledge below the metal ceiling and squawks.
“Doug, you’re wrong. Barb had changes she had to make. She didn’t do these things to spite you. And she was not just some crack you fell into. That’s mean.”
“You’ve got the hots for her, don’t you?” he says, jabbing his finger into my face. “That’s it, you’re hot for her.”
“Hot for Barb?” I say, pretending to be confused. Then I decide not to be. “What if I were, you got a problem with that?” Truth is, I’ve lusted after Barb since the moment I met her. 
I fold my arms, lock my eyes on his.
“Fucking right I do. You stay away from her. I’m not finished with her yet.”
“She apparently is finished with you.”
“It ain’t over till it’s over.”
“Yeah, right,” I say.
He jumps out of the cockpit and lands on the ledge a foot in front of me.
“You shit,” he says. “You weasel. It’s people like you that keep those assholes in control. You believe her bullshit? You’re pussy-whipped. That’s why you’re scared to expose Con. You’re afraid you might piss off Barb.”
“Okay, Spaulding,” I say, “I’ve had enough of your shit. Barb leaves, you can’t deal with it, so you vent your spleen at her and the company she works for. That’s a lot easier than looking inside, because you know you drove her away—”
“Hunter with a left jab,” Doug sneers, but I won’t let him talk. I get in his face.
“This witch hunt you’re on.” I keep my voice low and controlled. “You’re tearing Re-Be apart, calling people cowards, ripping into Barb in front of her friends, accusing hard-working board members of being bought off. Re-Be’s an embattled place, mostly because of you. You can’t blame that on Scavenger.” I take a breath. Downshift. “Look, I’m talking to you as a friend. Barb leaving must, you know, mean quite an adjustment. People understand that, they do, but you’ve turned their sympathy into animosity. If you’d apologize and tell people you’re hurting, they’d come around.”
Doug leans over me until his nose is an inch from mine, and snaps his words as if they’re darts.
“Don’t analyze me. If I want a shrink, I’ll steal $100 and rent one.”
I can’t hold his stare. It’s too vicious. I pull back. I’ve never seen him this unhinged before.
“A therapist wouldn’t be a bad idea,” I say, looking down at a black stain on the concrete.
He pauses, then crinkles his nose and bares his teeth. I lift the camera to my eye and snap the shutter. He flinches, then swipes at the camera.
He misses, but then shoves me into the pit on top of a rickety pile of cans. I land on my back. The camera bangs my cheek. The cans cushion my fall, but a stab of pain rips my right shoulder. My howl echoes off the warehouse roof.
All of a sudden I feel the surface under me moving, and I’m being carried up the slanted conveyor belt that feeds the baler. I try to climb out, but I can’t get a foothold. I sweep the cans off my legs, plant my foot on a ledge and push myself upright, twisting to grab for the side wall. But my feet slip on the slick surface, and I fall face first. I flip myself around and I can see the end of the belt a few feet above me where the cans fall into the hopper.
I catch the wall with my hand and then, summoning some primal gymnast within, I yank my body to it and throw my legs over the side wall. I brace for the impact with the concrete slab, but instead fall on Doug and we tumble with our arms and legs entangled, sliding in a puddle of oil and water.
I leap to my feet.
“You fucking lunatic,” I shriek. “You could have killed me. You’re fucking—“ But I can’t find the words. Doug sprawls on the ground with a pained look on his face, rubbing his elbow. Blood smears his forehead. I look around for a shovel, a two-by-four, something I can swing.
“You know I wasn’t going to hurt you.” Doug winces as he sits up. I hope he’s hurt. “I was just letting off steam.”
A shaft of sunlight reflects off a chair and scorches my eyes. Bile blisters my throat. I have to get out. I don’t trust myself.
Doug gestures to the control panel behind him. “I was about to push the stop button. We’ve got all sorts of safeguards. You know that.”
“You’re sick, you asshole,” I say. “You need help, serious help.” I march out of the warehouse and across the yard. My heart bangs against my ribs like a rock tumbling down a metal stairway. Doug follows me.
“You know I wasn’t going to let anything happen. I wouldn’t. You know me.”
“No, I don’t know you at all.”


Chapter 2. Illegal Contributions
A dozen years ago, recycling was a gangly wide-eyed youth, all arms and legs and save-the-planet idealism. Now it’s grown up and faces these pesky problems that come with adulthood. Shareholders want their dividends. Ratepayers want low rates. Workers want raises. That youthful promise doesn’t cut it anymore. I don’t care what kind of grades you got in college, kid, you’re in the real world now. Let’s see your stuff.
—Brian Hunter, “Recycling Grows Up,” East Bay Beat, October 7, 1998
[Monday. October 12. 10:30 a.m.]
The next morning, I follow the money to Emeryville. 
I call James Wilcox at work, but he’s out, so I decide a face-to-face interview is worth a try. I learn more in person. I look unthreatening—put me in a UPS uniform with a package and all anyone will remember is the brown uniform.
I’m not striking, like, say, Doug, who’s not handsome in anybody’s book, but memorable with all his sharp angles and jerky movements. I’m somewhere between handsome and bland—soft-featured, wiry, a pleasant enough face. Five nine in hiking boots. Skinny as a sapling. Back when I used to play guitar in a hard-driving neo-punk, acid-folk-rock, Afro-Cuban Clash-wannabe band. I could get down and dirty, but one friend used to say I was too white. Hey, I am what I am, a northern European mutt. I do have a nice thick mop of hair, though it’s poorly cut, according to at least one source. A month ago, at a lunch meeting of the West Berkeley Business League, I overheard two women talking about me. “He’d be pretty cute if he got a decent haircut and some nice clothes. He’s got a nice bouncy quality.” 
I’m not feeling bouncy this morning. The gash on my cheek is small enough I don’t feel like a pirate, but I’m tense in the crick beneath my shoulder blades, and I can’t seem to untie the knot tightening between my temples. And I wasn’t doing so great before my fight with Doug.
To be honest, my life is pretty fucked up at the moment. I live illegally in my office, in a low-slung wooden 1920’s warehouse, a warren of dance studios and art galleries and the toxic-sweet scent of petroleum products wafting through the low-ceilinged hallways.
I know my glass-blowing neighbor Maya sometimes spends the night here. Sometimes when I pad to the bathroom around midnight, I can see her stove burning orange though her partly ajar door, and then long after I’ve made my coffee and read my newspapers and started on my workday, I’ve seen her open her studio door from the inside. But I know she has an apartment, or did, and she has her boyfriend’s place as well, though I sense she’s not so sure about this boyfriend. 
This sleeping in my office is temporary. I’m just trying to save some money and get my bearings back.
The bustling, post-industrial West Berkeley neighborhood I walk through from my studio toward Emeryville is an area in transition. Most, but not all of the old steel foundries and manufacturing plants have flown off to Kuala Lumpur or Tijuana. Dozens of retrofitted industrial shells now house an eclectic mix of dance companies, software startups, consumer boutiques, rug importers, publishers, pottery collectives, and artist studios.
On the block next to mine the 19th century collides with the 21st—the Berkeley Brass Foundry, a brown-brick fortress erected in 1895, squats across the street from a sleek glass and steel cube that houses a biotech startup. There are still enough railroad tracks, workers with hard hats, and peppy ladybug-like forklifts zipping to and fro to give the neighborhood a gritty feel, but you can also find a good cappuccino within four blocks in any direction. 
Maya hates it. “Friggin’ Starbucks’ll be here soon,” she snarls.  
I second that snarl, but secretly I like the mix, wish I could freeze the moment, savor it, like those last chapters of a satisfying thriller. But I can’t.
That’s why they’re called transitions. They don’t last.
Emeryville, ten minutes from my studio, has already “gone over to the dark side,” as one of my friends says.
When I first came to the East Bay in the mid-’80s, this little city of 5,000 residents was invisible. Carved out of the northwest corner of Oakland, Emeryville was known only for its card rooms, where low-stakes gambling was allowed and high-stakes games tolerated. Now it’s bursting with cranes and construction. Berkeley and Oakland want developers to pay mitigation costs, build responsibly, and so on. Emeryville says, come on in, do whatever you like. From the abandoned factories and vacant lots sprung sprawling software campuses, high rise apartments and hotels, shopping complexes, a shiny new Amtrak station. IKEA is building a giant store by the freeway. A planning commissioner I know says dourly, “I failed to prevent the Emeryvillization of Emeryville.” 
But the neighborhood where Brady and Wilcox live is as shabby as ever. The row of one-story brick townhouses has the charm of Army barracks, only less so. The Brady/Wilcox place is not as ramshackle as Doug described, though it’s on the same block as the house with the knee-high weeds and the clunker up on blocks.
I don’t hear anything when I press the doorbell, so I rap loudly on the door. With each knock there’s a thin metallic ring, as if an empty coat hanger is rattling on a hook. 
A woman with fluorescent red hair opens the door a sliver. Doug didn’t describe Lynn Brady, but I imagined a sugary hillbilly housewife in an apron. Not even close. Tall, late twenties, pink and punkish with black horn-rimmed glasses, she wears her hair in a severe slant from crew cut short in front to long and straight in back. A silver stud pokes through her nose. I hear the Beatles’ “Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da” playing behind her. 
“What?” she asks.
“Hi, my name is Brian Hunter. I’m a writer for a weekly newspaper in Oakland called the Beat. I’m writing about the upcoming election and I wonder if I can ask you a few questions.”
“I don’t have anything to say about politics.”
“Are you sure about that? It says here on the Candidate Contribution Compliance Report from the city clerk’s office in Berkeley that you and your husband—is that James Wilcox?”
“Uh huh,” she say, gripping the door as if she’s ready to swing it closed. All I can see is her face and neck.
“It says Lynn Brady and James Wilcox each made a contribution of five hundred dollars to Sheila Womack and five hundred to Chris Wass, both running for Berkeley City Council.”
“Must be something my husband took care of.”
She starts to close the door, but I slide my foot in its path. “I’m not trying to get you into trouble,” I say through the four-inch gap. “It’s just that making an illegal campaign contribution is a felony under California election law and you could go to jail. Two of the checks are from you. Could they have been made in your name without your knowledge?” 
The color drains from her cheeks. Her eyes dart from side to side, as if looking for an escape route. I nudge the door open with my knee.
“You and your husband have made the maximum contribution to a city council candidate in a neighboring city when it doesn’t appear that you have a lot of extra money. You don’t, do you? Have a lot of extra money?”
She doesn’t answer. 
“Ma’am, are you registered to vote?” 
“I’ve got to go,” she says, withdrawing behind the door. I reach in and give her my card and ask her to have her husband call me. I remove my foot and she closes the door. By now, the Beatles are onto “Bungalow Bill.” 
I didn’t plan to scare her, but I’m so used to professionals like the Consolidated Scavenger press reps who don’t flinch when I ask them tough questions. I felt bad, but also good that I was able to strike fear into someone. She did appear to genuinely not know anything, but she was also more nervous than the circumstances dictated, even before I jabbed with the felony line. 
Next I visit the third floor at city hall.
I’ve never met Sheila Womack or Chris Wass. I try Wass first, but no one answers.  
I approach Womack’s office cautiously. Doug blasted me for not being partisan enough. Womack is likely to feel the opposite. 
The door is open a few feet and I hear two voices. 
I recognize the first as Gill Sykes, Womack’s aide. I met him once at a solid waste commission meeting. He wore a double-breasted suit and a diamond earring, the other six of us were in jeans and T-shirts. Doug described him as  “ambitious with a capital A.” He’s a slight African American man about the same build as me, maybe thirty years old.
“I can run my own life, sweetie,” I hear him say. “I don’t need you playing Lady Macbeth.”
Then comes a woman’s voice, cool and measured. “I hear hesitation where I want to hear enthusiasm. But it’s your play.” 
I don’t know who it is, but it’s not Womack. I crane my neck to get closer. All I can see is a wall of bookshelves and a bicycle helmet.
“I’m just looking both ways before I cross the road” he says, “Lot of dangerous drivers out there—“
“You didn’t look both ways before jumping into my bed,” she says, sounding disparaging and seductive at the same time.
“Oh, I didn’t think you were dangerous.” I hear a wink in his voice. “Lucky for me I was wrong about that. Very wrong. And very lucky.” 
Then comes a thunk on the floor, like someone dropping a heavy bag, followed by the slurpiness of a kiss. Then whispers. The hallway is empty. I edge closer to the opening. Suddenly, the door opens inward and she walks out. 
I twist quickly to my left and scoot over to the bulletin board. The woman, tall and thin with shoulder-length blond hair and a glint of turquoise earrings, catches my eye before I turn. I swallow and arch my head towards the board to study the agenda for the upcoming meeting on off-leash dogs.
“You were listening, weren’t you?” she says. I put my finger on the board as if to read the notice better. Pretend I don’t hear her. But I feel her stare boring through my back. Go away. Please.
But I’ve been yapping at myself about not being timid. So I turn to face her. Wow, she’s gorgeous. Delicious lips with whitish-pink gloss, long pale legs with a sparkling green ankle bracelet. 
“Hi, my name is Brian.” I offer my hand and give her a warm smile.
She hesitates, more anxious than angry. I keep my hand outstretched. 
“Abby,” she says, and gives me a tepid handshake.
“Abby, Hi. Um, this is going to sound weird, I’m sure, but—“ I stop and look at my shoes. “It’s sort of embarrassing.”
She looks at me with suspicion, then opens her hands as if to say, go ahead, whatever, but I’m skeptical. 
“Well, I saw you walking up the stairs and I was so captivated by you and I was hoping to talk to you and get your phone number, but then you ducked into that office, and I was waiting, and well, can I call you?”
I grab a pen and notebook from my pack and stand poised to write down her number. 
I freeze with the pen an inch from the page. She relaxes her face and squeezes out a tiny smile, as if someone were twisting her arm behind her back. “I’m flattered,” she says, “but no thanks.” 
She pulls sunglasses out of her enormous purse and puts them on. “And stop following me, or I’ll call the police.” She hurries down the stairs. 
Okay, she didn’t believe me. So what? I grin to myself, pleased with my impromptu performance. Not only did I disarm her, or distract her at least, I managed to practice my flirting at the same time. So unlike me. Unlike the old me, that is.
From the stairwell railing, I follow Abby’s head as it gets smaller and she flits through the first floor lobby to the Milvia Street entrance. I turn back to Womack’s office, but Sykes is headed out the door. I walk next to him, tell him I’m a reporter for the Beat, and ask him if he can answer some questions about contributors to Womack’s campaign. 
“Not now.”
“Tell me about James Wilcox and Lynn Brady? They’ve each given your campaign five hundred dollars.”
“It’s a big city,” he says, walking fast. We’re halfway to the second floor. “Sheila has supporters she’s never met, people who like what she stands for. Now if you’ll excuse me.”
 I race down the steps to keep up. “I have evidence that it’s Con’s money, Consolidated Scavenger, and that Wilcox and Brady are being used. Which means their contributions are illegal.”
He stops with one hand on the railing and his feet on different steps and whips back towards me, but then his frown melts into a smirk. 
“If you’re so concerned about election corruption,” he says slowly, “you might ask around about the Re-Be slush fund.” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Simple: Re-Be is illegally diverting funds it receives from the city for recycling work and funneling them to the PJs for election activities.”
“Really? Is there proof?”
“We’re assuming the auditors will find it. They’re looking.”
“And who is ‘we’?”
“We? ‘We’ would be the law-abiding citizens of Berkeley, California.”

Chapter 3. None of Us Will Ever Forgive You
According to Solano County Assistant District Attorney Maria Gonzavez, several small waste haulers complained they were being harassed and followed by Consolidated Scavenger trucks, and that their customers were “blitzed”—this is, offered below-market rates for garbage hauling. Pretty soon, said Gonzavez, Scavenger had all the contracts and the small haulers were out of business.
—Glenn Fontana, “Monopoly Mania: How Two Companies Came to Dominate 
California’s Garbage Business,” Corporate Crime Quarterly, Spring 1998
[Monday. October 12. 2:30 p.m.]
I fell in love with Barb the first time I met her, nine years ago, in the middle of  another Indian summer. My band, the Burning Bridges, performed a benefit concert in the Re-Be yard to support a city ballot measure calling for a five-year moratorium on garbage incinerators. (It won.) The sun was scorching and Barb wore a skimpy spaghetti-strap dress with sandals and I flirted with her shamelessly, which I could somehow do with a guitar strapped on my shoulders. I was dazzled by how her face gleamed in the sun, how she stood close to me and touched my arm as we talked, how her sparkling eyes held mine so intently. 
We were babbling about nothing, mostly the weather, but it was all subtext. For me, anyway. She said something about how rarely it got this hot in Berkeley, and very quickly we figured out that we grew up in the same state, she in Kansas City, me in St. Louis.
“Well, I like it hot,” she said, twisting her hair around her fingers. Then this lanky, longhaired guy with close-set eyes came up behind her and put his arm around her waist. “This is Doug,” she said, taking a step backward. Doug nodded. “Righteous tunes, man.” Then led her away.
A few years later, when the band was ancient history, Eileen and I were married, I was making a modest, albeit dull living counting money for various businesses and nonprofits. I walked into Re-Be looking for work and ended up volunteering, working with Barb to get Re-Be’s books on the computer. I told myself it was for a good cause—giving back to the community and all that—and maybe other people believed that. All I wanted an excuse to be near Barb.
Last winter, I ran into her on a gloomy night at a political poetry slam at the Bolshevik Café and we hung out afterwards, drinking beer and commiserating about how unhappy we were in our respective relationships. I remember telling her that Eileen and I had “retreated into our private disappointments.”
Doug is the one who urged me to write about the “recycling wars”—that’s his term, though I’ve adopted it—and I really am strangely fascinated with the gritty and metaphor-filled world of garbage and recycling. But would I be chasing this story if not to reconnect with Barb? Maybe. Of course, if I’m successful exposing Con’s misdeeds, Barb’s not likely to be thrilled with me, so who knows how smart this whole idea is? 
Monday afternoon, after lunch, I bicycle to Barb’s office in downtown Oakland. I lock my bike to a parking meter and climb the stairs, two at a time, to her fifth floor office, pushing off my knee with one hand, pulling on the railing with the other. I stop at the fourth floor landing to catch my breath and peek out a narrow window across Lake Merritt towards the bone-dry Oakland hills. I lift my arm and sniff. A hint of the locker room, but only if I jab my nose in there.
I’m nervous. I’m going to ask Barb to dinner. Slip the invitation into the conversation casually, as if it just occurred to me. This is the first time I’ve seen her one-on-one with us both unattached.
When I walk into her office, she grins at me from her chair, gesturing in a self-mocking manner. Like the Pope greeting the masses. “Welcome to my palace,” she says.
I make eye contact and hold it. I smile and rotate my head slowly to take in the spacious office. 
She pushes her chair back and comes out from behind her desk. I bend on one knee and take her hand with a light grip. “May I kiss your ring?” I say.
She waves me up and gives me a hug, then motions me to the group of chairs in the corner. She seems happy to see me. Neither of us says anything until we’re seated. “If I let them,” she says, “they’d have someone bring me coffee in the morning, do all my faxes, make all my copies. ‘That’s why we have support staff, Barb.’ But I’m not used to this queen-bee stuff and they’re starting to understand that.”
She pauses.
“The good news is I don’t have to fix any trucks.”
Barb never has played the queen-bee role, despite her many accomplishments and her leadership. She’s always been less a tada-here-I-am person and more oh-there-you-are. She was stamped with the same Midwestern modesty template as I was, but working at Re-Be certainly magnified that. Stars not allowed at Re-Be.  
“I hear you and Eileen split up,” she says. “How are you handling that?” She reaches over and touches me on my wrist.
“How do you—?”
“I ran into her on the street. We had a nice talk.” 
“A little venting about your exes, I suppose.” 
“Actually, no. She said she was sad that you two couldn't work it out, and she wished you the best in your next chapter.” 
“Oh.” 
“But you're not doing so great, are you?” 
“No, I'm fine. Well, fine might be stretching it. But how do you know all this?” 
“Lucky guess.”
She leans forward in her chair, listens intently, her eyes wide and inviting. 
“Well, I’m okay,” I say, “but I still find myself having all these conversations with Eileen, as if something doesn’t happen unless I tell her about it. I write letters I never send. I—but I didn’t come here to blather away about myself, I wanted to see you, to interview you for my story, give you a chance to balance some of the crazy things Doug has told me.”
And to ask you to dinner. But that gets caught in my throat.
She stands up and walks over to the wall next to me and straightens out a slightly askew Ansel Adams print, that one with the full moon over New Mexico.
“Well, I’m sure you’ll figure it out. You’ve got a lot going for you.”
I tell her about my visit with Doug yesterday, how agitated he was, how he pushed me in the baler. “I felt like I’d been transported into one of those after-school, black-and-white TV shows where Batman is about to be crushed or impaled in some devious death trap by a cackling villain. Except I only had a few seconds to get out of there.” 
I leave out Doug’s spiteful comments about her, but do say that I’m concerned about the intensity of his anger, with me and with her. She closes her eyes and rubs her forehead.
“I don’t mean to suggest that you’re responsible or anything,” I say. “I’m not part of the firing squad. I respect what you’ve done.”
“Do you?” She sounds skeptical. 
No one at Re-Be has questioned Barb’s decision to leave Doug. “What took you so long?” is the most common reaction. Some, however, are giving her grief for taking a paycheck from Consolidated Scavenger. Of course, Re-Be seems to be floundering without her, so that’s part of the mix. 
She walks over to the window, adjusts the blinds to block the bright afternoon sun. 
“Brian, what am I supposed to do?” she says, her voice quivering with despair. “Don’t you think I know how he’s acting? He’s stuck. As if his shoes are nailed to the ground.” 
“I didn’t mean to dump all this on you. I’m doing this story like I said on the phone, but I really came because I wanted to see you.” 
“Here I am.” 
She wraps her hair in her fingers, looks down. She ties her thick hair back, but strands are always getting loose and hanging down the side of her face. She’s constantly pushing her hair behind her ears—if she saw herself on video, she’d be shocked how often she does that.
She looks up, but past me, her eyes unfocused, tired. “It took me years to break up with Doug, but I’m still not free. I’m determined not to give him the satisfaction of seeing he’s getting to me, but I’m afraid that one day I’m going to snap.”
She glances towards her desk, then back to her hands.
“I don’t want to be a victim. I’m too privileged to embrace victimhood. I’ve got a lovely place to live, meaningful work, enough to eat, too much to eat even. But somehow because Doug was so headstrong about this collective principle, and I don’t know, threatened somehow by my competence, I found myself feeling like a victim. Unappreciated. Stuck. Feeling sorry for myself. That’s not who I am, not who I want to be. But that’s what I was becoming. I had to leave to save my life.”
“Amen. And you have.”
“I have.” She nods, her lips pressed together in a pout that seems to say that saving her life is still a work in progress, more a goal than an achievement. 
“You don’t look like a victim,” I say. “You look great.”
“Thanks,” she says, and then comes an awkward silence and I ask her about work. She begins explaining how she’s redesigning the commercial recycling program in Emeryville and Oakland, a spiel she clearly has trotted out before. She relaxes, relieved that we’re onto something she can talk about with ease.
She talks with undulating hands, like her Italian forebears, punctuating her sentences with fingers spread wide. Despite her weariness, she looks absolutely lovely, with her lithe, graceful gymnast’s body, her Mediterranean face with a tint of olive. Her black hair, lightly streaked with white and gray, gives her gravity and elegance. Her face is too angular to be classically beautiful, but she’s “handsome” in a hardworking, modest, comfortable-in-her-own-skin way. She looks stronger and thinner than when I worked with her on the bookkeeping three years ago, but it’s jarring to see her wrapped in a business suit. I’m used to her in simple jeans and t-shirts with colorful earrings and braided bracelets and bright Guatemalan shawls. She’s done a lot of work on herself in the past few years—running, modern dance, therapy, swimming, yoga, juice fasts, and so on. I heard from Kisa that one reason Barb wanted a better job was so she could afford more therapy and bodywork. I’ve heard her summer’s been a dramatic one, full of tears and late-night calls to friends. 
She’s talking about Scavenger’s plans to start collecting food waste from restaurants when her phone beeps. She holds up a finger to put us on pause, then walks to her desk and punches a button on the phone.  
After a sputter of static, a female voice comes over the speaker. “There’s a Doug Spaulding here in the lobby. He says he’ll wait as long as he needs to until you see him.”
Barb rolls her eyes. She presses the button on the phone, holding her finger there, and says, with pleading eyes, “Stay.” 
I nod. She releases the button. “Send him up.”
She shakes her head. “This is the third time he’s showed up. I’ve avoided him twice. I’ll feel safer with you here.”
“Are you afraid he’s going to hurt you?”
“I don’t know,” she says. “You know the story, right?”
I nod again. “Second- and third-hand. Doug said it wasn’t you breaking up with him that hurt, it was you working here.”
“So he says.”
She opens the door, then sits down behind her desk and takes a few deep breaths. 
I see Doug ambling down the hall, all legs and elbows, looking out of place in his denim work shirt and ponytail. Though he’s pushing fifty, he still moves with the gangliness of a teenager during a growth spurt. He squints as he enters, nods at me. Not a hint of surprise.
She points to an armchair. “Have a seat.” 
Doug marches directly towards her until the desk stops him. He pushes, but the desk is heavy and doesn’t budge. Then, his thighs against the edge of the desk, he leans forward, and glowers at her. She meets his stare without flinching. I’m holding my breath.
He steps back and starts pacing.
She straightens a stack of paper that’s already straight. Her desk is neat and uncluttered. At Re-Be, her workspace was never this orderly.
“We’re watching,” he says, hands folded behind his back. He’s casual, low-key. With no affect. “You step on our turf and it’s war. And we don’t play by the rules.”
“Do we have to go over this again, Doug? This turf business is so tedious. It’s like the crazies saying Re-Be gets its marching orders from Havana. Do you really think Con is going to move in on Berkeley? We’re still—”
“Damn fuckin’ straight I do—”
“Let me finish.” She brushes her hair behind her ear, holds it there with her fingers. “We have our hands full jumpstarting the commercial program. Residential is not that lucrative, you know that. You have to trust me on this. If I thought for one nanosecond that working here would endanger Re-Be, I wouldn’t be here. Period.”
Doug’s fists clench by his side. “None of us will ever forgive you.”
“You might never forgive me,” says Barb. “That’s your problem. But I talk with Kisa, with Shannon, Ray, they understand. They—”
“That’s bullshit. They don’t have the guts to call you traitor to your face. I do.”
“How brave of you.”
I slouch back in my chair, careful to not draw attention to myself. But they know I’m here. 
“You know Con is using you,” Doug says. 
“That’s why they pay me. That’s why they call it a job. They pay me money and then they expect me to accomplish something in return. It’s called the real world, Douglas, it’s something—”
“You’re contemptible. You’re a whore. You—”
“Cool it, Doug.” I jump up. “Barb is not the enemy. She’s—”
“Oh, Hunter speaks his mind,” snaps Doug, turning his glare on me. “That’s right, I forgot, you’re sweet on Barb, aren’t you? That’s so touching. You two would make such a cute couple, you with—”
“Enough!” Barb says. She turns to me, in a quieter voice. “Brian, I can defend myself, I’ve been doing it for years. Way too many years.” 
I ignore her. “Doug, get yourself some help. Put on some boxing gloves and swing at a punching bag or something. Get a bat and whack some pillows. You’re way out of line.”
“She betrayed us,” says Doug, addressing me and pointing his finger at Barb, “and she doesn’t even know it.” He can’t hide the weariness and distress under his hostility. For a second, it almost seems like he wants to roll up into a ball and cry. Behind the turf war bluster, his message to Barb is unmistakable: “How could you leave me?” 
He regroups, turns back to Barb, raising his voice to a saccharine snarl. “Let’s see. How do we take over?” 
He counts off with his fingers. “First, we steal their best people, bribe them, put them up in fancy offices with vacant postmodern crap on the walls. Second, we lowball the bid to get the contract. Third, we squeeze out the competition and bury them in—”
Barb stands, her palms on the desk, and leans across her desk. “Don’t talk down to me,” Her voice is even and controlled. “My eyes are wide open. I know you. You don’t have the discipline to work in the real world. God, you might have to be on time for meetings. You might—”
“I know all about the real world—”
“No, you don’t. You don’t. You’d rather stay where you are and blame it all on me. You call yourself a radical, but all you do is sit on the sidelines and complain about rich people. What’s so revolutionary about collecting bottles and cans in 1998? Why not let a mainstream company handle it? Get Re-Be out on the cutting edge with something no one else will do.”
“Only Con is not just some mainstream operation,” Doug says, “it’s a mother-fucking global criminal. You’ve got a trail of blood and toxic waste all over South Asia. You’re dumping radioactive stew in the Ganges River in India, shipping incinerator ash full of dioxins to Burma where they put it into concrete construction bricks—”
“And Con has racked up more than $50 million in fines and penalties,” Barb says, mimicking Doug’s voice and cadence. “Con’s been convicted of price-fixing, conspiracy, illegal dumping, child pornography, white slavery, organ trafficking—“
“Oh, I almost forgot,” says Doug. “Step four. Jack up recycling rates by threatening poachers and sending them to Berkeley, with a fucking map of the Re-Be routes.”
Barb sighs, then picks up the phone and punches in a number. “So, are you going to leave now or do you want me to call security? Let me guess. You want to make a scene and then whine about how you were manhandled by the big badass corporate criminals? It’s your call.”
“Believe it,“ he says. “I’ve seen the maps.”
He pushes up against the desk again and glares at her. This time he rams his legs into the desk with such force that it lurches an inch towards her. With the phone in her left hand, she sits down and writes a note on a pad of paper. As calm as if she were alone in the office.
Doug turns to leave, shooting me a squinty-eyed sneer. “You’ll regret this,” he says, loud enough for most of downtown Oakland to hear. At first, I think he’s talking to me, but he couldn’t be.
When Doug leaves, Barb stands up and exhales, as if she’s been holding her breath for the past ten minutes. I take a tentative step toward her. She moves behind her chair and tightly grips the blue fabric of its back and breathes in and out. Then she takes a drink from her light blue mug and moves toward me. I open my arms wide and she leans into them, but she still has the mug in her hand and it gets stuck between us and spills, and my backpack slips off my shoulders. But she holds on. I can feel her trembling. “Thank you for being here,” she says. 
She pulls away and points at the wet spot on my shirt. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s only water,” I say. “Hey, let’s sit down.”
I take her hand and lead her to the chairs in the corner. We sit. She squeezes my hand for a second then lets go and jumps up.
“Look, I need to earn my mercenary paycheck, bring this program in under budget and how the hell am I supposed to do that without busting my ass?” She’s mumbling now and disappearing before my eyes. 
“We underbid to get the contract, just like he said, and somehow I’m supposed to make a profit. But the numbers don’t add up and well, you don’t want to hear about it.”
“Actually I do.” 
She leans her head back, closes her eyes. “Maybe another time.”
“Now works for me.” I pause. “Okay, another time. I’ll call you. I’d love to see you under better circumstances. To have fun.”
“Fun,” she says. “I forget what fun is.”
“He’s really being an asshole,” I say. “But he is right about one thing—I am ‘sweet on you.’”
On my way down, through the window in the stairwell between the third and fourth floor, I see Doug climb into his battered bread truck and scream up San Pablo towards Berkeley with a squeal of tires.



Chapter 4. Add Sex and Stir
Recycling has not been as profitable for the garbage conglomerates as had been hoped, partly because it’s more competitive than garbage hauling, which has been dominated by a few large companies over the past decade. Shareholders, demanding higher returns, are starting to jump ship.
—Will Cardinal, “Growing Pains for Recycling,” 
Wall Street Journal, October 1, 1998
[Tuesday. October 13. 7 a.m.]
Maya lends me her car and Tuesday morning I head out to Diablo Landfill before the sun comes up. Owned by Scavenger, Diablo is set deep in East County near the delta, and surrounded by treeless ridges lined with wind turbines. Cows and sheep munch on the dry brown grass. I’ve arranged to interview James Worton, the chief engineer, but when I arrive it’s Julian Allard who gives me the tour. Interesting. He’s a P.R. guy I met once before, based in Oakland, in the same building as Barb, so he probably rose as early as I did to get here. He says Worton had to testify at a hearing. Maybe. My guess is they were afraid he would stray off-message. 
When Allard and I climb out of the truck to look over the hillside where the “possum-belly” trailer trucks empty their cargo, the odor slaps me in the face. 
“Ah, the smell of money,” he quips. 
For years, the so-called garbage crisis used to read like a variation on an old joke: Landfills are much too dangerous, and there aren’t enough of them around. A decade ago, we were ready to strap garbage trucks onto the space shuttle and blast them into orbit. Then, big players like Scavenger built huge regional landfills like Diablo, a new generation of waste-burning incinerators came on line, and recycling took off. So for garbage companies in California today, the real crisis is that there’s not enough garbage to go around. It makes sense for cities to divert as much waste as possible from the landfill because the tipping fees can be substantial, but for landfill operators, who profit from tipping fees, all that recycling hurts the bottom line. 
But Diablo seems to be getting its share. A procession of trucks rumble up the hillside to dump their loads into the hollow below us. Allard points to a nearby area that has been capped and landscaped. “You go down eight or ten feet there and there’s hardly any decomposition going on. It’s like an Egyptian tomb. You could find a hot dog from ten years ago, still all there. That keeps the leaching of anything dangerous to a bare-bones minimum.”
When I ask Allard why Scavenger has racked up so many fines, he says because it purchased companies that didn’t have the capital to meet all the environmental standards.
“It’s like you buy a house that’s got dry rot. It’s your house now, the dry rot is your responsibility, even though it was there before you arrived. That’s how it is with garbage. There’s lots of figurative rot in these companies we’ve purchased. Some of them were downright criminal in their negligence.”
I edge closer so I can watch the bulldozers covering up the dumped garbage with dirt. 
“I understand you were one of the early recyclers,” I say. “You were what, a founder of the El Cerrito recycling program? How did you end up here?”
“We’re not here to talk about me.”
“It’s just that, well, I know plenty of people have made that transition, like Barb. You used to be an ally of Re-Be, but now you seem to regard that world with contempt, like somehow the people at Re-Be are rank amateurs or corrupt or something. Or maybe it’s just that you can’t stand Doug Spaulding.”
He hesitates, adjusts his hard hat. “I’m happy to answer questions about Scavenger,” he says tersely. But his displeasure at this line of questioning only makes me more intrigued.
“I think that the Beat readers would be interested in what’s behind this turnabout—“
“That is, if you call the Beat a real newspaper,” he hisses. “I can’t even read it. It’s all sticky with PJ’s gism.”
I take a step back as if he swung at me. The PJs, the Peace and Justice Coalition, are the more left/progressive of Berkeley’s two main political factions. Barb told me Allard was once “one of us”—when he was running the El Cerrito recycling center, he even served on the PJ advisory board. There’s a story here, but I’m not going to hear it from him.
The rest of the interview is perfunctory, and when I hand him my hard hat, thank him, and climb into Maya’s car, he’s as relieved as I am.
When I get back to my studio, there’s a phone message from my editor rejecting my latest story. “It’s the same accusations with new scenery,” she says. “Sorry, but I need something fresh.”
Damn! I bang my fist on my desk. The phone rattles in its cradle. I slump into my chair. 
It’s my first rejection from the Beat. I earn $200 per story, but only if it’s published. I want to be a staff writer, though I haven’t said so out loud. There are no openings now and the pay is low, but it’s better than working on spec. In the meantime, cranking out a solid story every week seems the best way to keep myself in contention. 
Shit. Shit. Shit. I was finally starting to get some traction.
A long time ago, before I met Eileen, I lived in Los Angeles and had a passionate romance with a flaky but exciting woman named Rain—a hippie with a capital H. She loved taking psychedelic drugs and camping and walking around naked and lolling around in desert hot springs. For a furious and fleeting month or two, she loved me too. Said I soared. We met at an anti-nuclear rally in Santa Monica where  my band played. During those next weeks, I had lots of gigs, lots of rehearsals, lots of sex and I was running on coffee and oxygen and infatuation. Tall and willowy with long red hair, Rain wore colorful ankle length dresses with nothing underneath, and wow, sometimes I could hardly believe the life I was living, playing rock and roll and making love with this exciting woman who gushed over me.
She wanted to lead a passionate life, she said. We did. We lived the cliché of starry-eyed lovers. We went out dancing after my shows and then made love and talked until dawn. We read Sufi poetry to each other. We rode rollerblades on the bike paths at Venice Beach. We made out in the back of movie theaters. We walked through art galleries holding hands. 
But then the band’s interpersonal shit escalated and we had too many meetings and I got stressed and I wasn’t fun and light all the time and Rain knocked on my door one afternoon and blurted, “I’m not in love with you anymore.”
I was no longer leading a passionate life, she said. The band meetings depleted me. We argued instead of rehearsing. And I began noticing how Rain said the same things over and over again.
I was crushed. Looking back, I can see that Rain was much more in love with the passion and the romance than she was with me. I’m not sure she ever even saw me. Of course, she was unrealistic to expect to keep such a passionate delirious flame burning so bright—life gets in the way sometimes—but wanting it, well, there was nothing wrong with wanting it. I wanted to live a passionate life. I still do. But somehow I let it slip away and embraced caution instead. I don’t even know why.
Now, here in this seemingly endless Indian summer ten years later, I feel like I’m recapturing it. I’m not leaping tall buildings, but I’m moving and grooving, tackling my to-do list with abandon, acting impulsively. It’s not that I’ve turned off my brain, but when I look at my sprawling list of leads and tasks, I pick one and do it instead of deliberating the pros and cons of each choice. Every time I return to my studio, I check my phone messages and e-mail, then make another round of calls and posts. Dial. Leave message. Rinse and repeat. The more I accomplish, it seems, the longer my to-do list gets. And every Wednesday, another story of mine gets published in the Beat.
But this rejection hits me harder than I expect, and I feel like chucking everything and returning to the refuge of counting other people’s money. There’s a comforting certainty to double entry bookkeeping, the knowledge that you either get it right or you don’t. There’s none of that nebulous subjectivity you get with music or art or writing. And no one expects you to work on spec.
I saw this coming, but I chose to be blindly optimistic. The problem is that I don’t have shit on Con. Of course I’m repeating myself.  
I have a long list of leads. I’ve made dozens of phone calls. I visited two transfer stations, five buyback centers, Con’s regional headquarters, a bunch of recycling facilities. There was enough show-and-tell at the transfer stations and recycling yards to wrap a couple of stories around. Add a few of Doug’s accusations, some of the parent company’s criminal fines and recent purchases and mergers, and presto, there’s 1200 words. My editor was delighted with the first three stories, but she’s right. I have to amp it up to the next level. 
Meanwhile, I’ve found plenty of evidence of turmoil at Re-Be, and I’ve reported precious little of that. I don’t this want to be an exposé of disorganization and posturing at Re-Be. They’re not ruthlessly efficient there, but neither are they ruthless. I want to focus on Consolidated Scavenger, but I don’t have access to anyone inside except Barb. 
Of course, I’m not making it any easier on myself by reporting on people I know and care about. I’ve been careful to acknowledge, in every story, that I once volunteered to help Re-Be with its bookkeeping. After my first story, I thought it might be better to recuse myself, but the Beat doesn’t seem to care. It’s an unabashed advocate for leftist and environmental and gay causes. My editor says it’s fine to be supportive of Re-Be as long as I don’t paint them as knights on white horses. And get my facts right.
I want to tell the truth, but not be a megaphone for Doug’s paranoid ravings, or say too bluntly that Re-Be is in as much danger from internal strife as from any predatory multinational. I suppose, like Doug says, I’m creating truth as much as reporting it. My truth, though, not his. But, damn, no one wants to publish it.
Okay, I feel crappy. Get over it. Get back to work.
I grab the phone, close my eyes and point a finger at the piece of paper on my desk. It’s a phone list of Scavenger employees that Doug faxed me this morning. I can see thumbtack holes on the fax. He probably pulled it off a bulletin board when he left Barb’s office. I dial the name my finger is on. 
On my fourth call, I get a live person. Judy Killea. She hesitates after my spiel. She has a hint of a Southern accent. “What is it exactly that you’re looking for?” 
“Like I said, I’m thinking of applying for a job at Scavenger and I’m trying to find out if it’s a good place to work. What do you do there?”
“Why are you calling me?” she asks.
“I got transferred. Someone said you might be a good person to talk to.”
“You should talk to HR,” she says.
“I want to hear the unofficial story.”
“Not from me you will.”
“Wait,” I say, just as she’s about to hang up.
I look down at the script I threw together, but it doesn’t go this far.
“Well, you see, I’m wondering, Consolidated Scavenger is a big company, is there anyone you can think of who would have a unique perspective, someone who likes to talk—”
“I’m going to transfer you,” she says, and I hang up in the middle of the first ring.
A few callers later, I reach someone who sounds bored and perks up when I start asking questions. He doesn’t seem to like his job much. “Beats working,” he says. I try to draw him out, but don’t get much. I ask if there’s anyone else I might talk to, maybe someone who used to work there.
“Donna,” he says. 
“Donna?”
“Donna Rowland. Worked in the press office. We went drinking a couple times. She’s way cute.”
“You have her number?”
“Wish I did. I asked her for it.”
“You know where she works now. Or lives?”
“Yeah, yeah, over in the city. Her place I mean. It’s near where they’re building that new ballpark, she said the pile driving started at 7 a.m., shook her apartment. That’s why she came in early every day. You find her, tell her Neil says hey.”
I flip the San Francisco phone book open to R before the connection’s broken. No Donna Rowland, but there’s a D Rowland, which I try. No Donna there. I try the switchboard at Scavenger posing as an old friend of Donna. No luck.
I take a break to do some bookkeeping. Still have to bring home some bacon, even if I don’t eat meat and my home is an office. But I can’t concentrate. 
I call the press office at Con, saying I’m an old friend trying to track Donna down. Monte Irwin, who was testy when I talked to him to a couple weeks ago, comes on the line. “Why would we do anything illegal?” he said to me back then. “There’s plenty of money to be made operating a legitimate business. People are always willing to pay someone to take care of their garbage.”
I don’t want him to recognize me, so I cough a little and talk in a low throaty voice. He transfers me to Human Resources. While the phone rings, I practice my basso profundo some more. 
“Hi, this is Cathy,” a chipper voice says to me.
“Hello Cathy, this is Bill Jamison, I’m an independent auditor working on your employees’ insurance records for extended COBRA coverage—I’ve got this discrepancy here, I wonder if you can help me. It’s Donna Rowland, that’s R-O-W-L-A-N-D. She’s no longer with you, is that right?”
“She left in the spring. She didn’t take COBRA.”
I walk around my tiny studio and hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder. I talk with my hands to help me stay in character. 
“The records I’m looking are contradictory,” I say, turning on the grovel. “In one place she says she wants continued coverage, then somewhere else it says no. I’m sure it’s a mistake on our end, the data entry, we really should pay those people more, awful job, no wonder there are mistakes. I know you’re busy, I can’t expect you to sort this out. I’m calling because the home number says 997-5987, but—“
“That’s the communications department.” 
“I’m sure it’s just a data entry mistake on our end. I just wonder if you have a home number.”
“We have a policy about not giving out employee numbers. I’m sorry. Or ex-employees.” 
“Of course, of course, listen, I know this would be a pain for you, but might you call her and leave her my number? It would only take a second, and would really help me out. The deadline is the 20th and I’ll be on the road this weekend and then I’ve got this training and—well, you don’t need to hear my excuses.”
I smile to myself. Who is this guy?
“I don’t think you need to worry,” she says, “I’m positive she didn’t request COBRA. She went straight into another job.” 
I give her my number, then try three other names from the employee list, leave a few different messages, some as myself, some as Jamison. 
My ear is tired. I’m restless and discouraged. It’s only eleven. I’ve already downed three cups of coffee. Another one will roil my stomach.
I wash my face in the deep utility sink. Most of the studios in my warehouse are rented by artists who use their sinks for cleaning brushes or rinsing clay off their fingers. I wash my dishes in here. Socks too. (Not at the same time.) 
I call Jesse, my editor, and try to convince her that my story deserves to run. I remind her that my submissions have been well-researched and well-written—she’s hardly had to edit them—and I’ve been on time and reliable. 
She sighs. “That’s true, and I appreciate that, but maybe I’ve reached my quota for drama about recycling. Or lack of drama. I’m not convinced enough readers are that interested.”
“But this is not just bottles and cans. It’s an archetypal Berkeley story. I mean, I’ve got strong career woman Barb Genessee, working for a giant transnational with a lengthy rap sheet, squaring off against embittered former lover Doug Spaulding, working for the rabble-rousing do-gooders, the kitchen-table collective. One power struggle mirrors another. At stake, a million-dollar-a-year contract, the city council majority, and if Doug is to be believed, the soul of Berkeley. Add sex and stir.”
“That’s not the story you turned in,” she says.
“You’re right. But it’s the one you’ll get in a couple hours.”

Chapter 5. Err on the Side of Being an Asshole
“None of us will ever forgive you,” Spaulding says, his fists clenched by his side.
“You might never forgive me,” says Genessee. “That’s your problem. But the others, they understand. They—”
“They don’t have the guts to call you traitor to your face. I do.”
“How brave of you.”
—Brian Hunter, “Recycling Rivalry: This Time It’s Personal,” 
East Bay Beat, October 14, 1998
[Wednesday. October 14. 9:30 a.m.]
“What the hell were you thinking?” Barb snaps at me over the phone, her voice scalding. I’ve just returned from a walk to pick up a copy of the Beat. Four copies actually. My story’s on the top of page 3, with a photo of a scowling Doug leaning against a stack of newspaper bales.
“You sound upset,” I say. 
“No, I’m not upset,” she says. “I’m furious. How could you not know I would be pissed?”
“I thought, well, you did say it was okay to sprinkle in elements of your life with Doug, and—”
“I did not say that. My professional life yes, but not this personal crap. God, you made me look so snide and petty. You crammed ten years of emotional muck into those lines. You’re a piece of work, Brian.”
“I guess I was far more worried about how I portrayed Doug. I mean, he’s clearly the one—”
“He won’t even care,” she says. “Being an asshole is a badge of honor for him. He’ll pick up a dozen copies for his scrapbook. He thinks being nice is bourgeois.”
“Barb, I’m truly sorry. I don’t have a good excuse.”
“How dare you? Why give Doug a chance to grandstand with this purer-than-thou crap about selling out? What is so horrible about getting paid a decent salary for the first time in my life? I deserve it.
“You think anyone who makes money is bad, and the only pure enterprises are money-losing? Get real. The only people who are going to pick up garbage and recyclables without a decent paycheck are young hippies and immigrants. It’s shitty work. It’s hard on the back. I’ve paid my dues. Doug’s got parents with money. I don’t. I’m sending my mother a check every month.” 
“Whoa, Barb. I—” 
“Don’t ‘whoa’ me. You had your say in print. I know you think I’m making Scavenger look better, giving them some green veneer. But Scavenger is not going away. So we sit on the sidelines and badmouth them? No. We make them walk their talk. We work with them, we work for them. I’m not here to make them look better, but if they look better because they are better, then I’m doing my job, thank you.”
I knew that it was dangerous to lead my story with the argument between Barb and Doug. But it gave the story the soap opera sizzle it needed and my editor loved it. I’ve been telling myself to take more risks, to throw off the tyranny of the “shoulds.” Act first, think second, and all that. Living a passionate life means taking risks, right? 
I swivel in my chair so I’m facing away from my desk. I rub my forehead. I stand up to walk around, but I haven’t yet folded up my futon, so there’s no room to move. I sit back down. I knew she wouldn’t like this. How could I have convinced myself otherwise? Doug was clearly the transgressor in the story and Barb was tenacious fending him off, but I guess it looked ugly regardless.  
I write down what Barb is saying. Not that I am going to publish it, though I note that she hasn’t said that I misquoted her or that I was wrong or inaccurate. I didn’t “create” the truth. I reported it.
“I know Con has gobbled up other companies,” she says. “I know they pushed for higher landfill standards to drive the little guys out of business. I know I’m not working for Mother Theresa, though I’m sure she has her dark side too. A lot of those little fly-by-night companies that Con bought were corrupt. Thanks to Scavenger—and Re-Be—landfill regs are stricter, recycling goals are higher. We fought for these things at Re-Be. What were you thinking? ‘This time it’s personal.’ Unfucking believable.”
“I wasn’t thinking, Barb. About you anyway. The story. It was stronger with the personal stuff. But I lost sight of how you would feel, and you always seem to be so tough and impervious to being hurt.” 
“That is an act. I bleed like everyone else.” Her voice doesn’t sound tough or impervious now.
“I admired how you defended yourself against Doug,” I say, “and I guess I’ve been trying to be more reckless, not so timid. Err on the side of being an asshole, that must be my mantra for the week.”
“So that makes it okay to turn my life into the Jerry Springer show? You get your personal growth by humiliating me, is that it? How dare you? How dare you?” 
“Barb, I am sorry. Really.”
“Stop groveling. It won’t unwrite the story.” 
“You told me you’d be used as an example by people who wanted to trash Con.” 
“I didn’t expect it would be you. I thought you liked me.” 
“I do like you. I always have. I think you’re great.”
“So what is this, seventh grade? You like some girl so you tell her she’s ugly.”
“I like you a lot, Barb. I really do. You’re an engaging and beautiful woman. I’d like to go out with you.”
“Can you run that by me again?” she says. “I must have missed something.”
“I’d like to take you out. To dinner. Dancing maybe.”
“Now why would I want to do that? Why would I even want to be seen in public—with you—after you humiliated me in your goddamn newspaper?”
I rub my eyes, press my palm to my chest. “Because you’re bigger than that. Because you accept my heartfelt apology and because you know I will never ever tell your story again without express written permission in triplicate. Because next time I’ll engage in more traditional courting gestures, like bringing you flowers. Because you and I have both been through the relationship wringer and we can maybe provide some comfort and healing to each other. Because we can have some fun together. Remember, you said it’s been a while since you had fun.”
Silence. It sounds like she’s holding her breath. 
“Flowers would be an improvement,” she says, with hesitation in her voice. 
“How about if I throw in some chocolate?”
Another long silence. I resist filling it. 
“This going out. What did you have in mind?”
“I don’t know, I was thinking maybe we get together someplace quiet for a drink around eight, then go dancing at the BFD club in the city—they’ve got swing dancing on Thursdays—then we go back to your place and make out for an hour or two, then make love until the sun comes up, and then I’ll take you to Lois the Pie Queen for a healthy breakfast with a tall glass of fresh-squeezed orange juice.” 
“Brian—“
“Or grapefruit juice. I’m flexible on the juice thing.”
“Slow down. Slow down. You sound like you’re reading from some Hollywood screenplay.”
“Hey, if I had a script, I’d know what to say next.”
She laughs. 
“You’re impossible.” 
“Oh, no, I could not be more possible.” 
“You’re going about 60 miles an hour in a school zone. How about we start a little more leisurely, you come over for a glass of wine? And no grapefruit juice.”
She sounds dubious, but I hear some playfulness. I think.
I tell her I’d be thrilled. “And Barb, I know I’m not for everyone, but if you’re looking for someone like me, I’m perfect.”



Chapter 6. People of Color Against the Pittsburg Landfill
In the beginning we threw our garbage away by throwing it. In the corner of the cave. Outside the door of the house. Into the street. Rats and dogs and dung beetles and bacteria did the rest.
—Brian Hunter, “Recycling Rivalry: This Time It’s Personal,” 
East Bay Beat, October 14, 1998
[Wednesday. October 14. 6:30 p.m.]
From the Embarcadero station, I walk seven blocks up Battery Street. Though the sun is low in the sky, and I’m walking up a narrow street between tall buildings, it’s still unseasonably warm. I’ve changed into long pants. Shorts here would cast me as a bike messenger. I keep replaying my conversation with Barb, especially the come-on with the grapefruit juice. I can’t figure out how I pulled that out of my hat, but I’m pretty pleased with myself. And anxious about how things will go with Barb tomorrow.
Donna’s agency is in an alley off Battery in an area known as the ad ghetto, full of old red brick buildings with ornate doorways and huge picture windows. Through the open blinds in the first floor window, I see 21-inch computer monitors and easels with mockups of ads for bras and SUVs. 
I walk up to the second floor landing past an empty reception desk, then around the corner into a dim room where two women huddle over a light table. I take a loud step to announce my presence.
“Hi, I’m looking for Donna.”
She called me midday, asking for Mr. Jamison, and sounding anxious about her insurance. I fessed up, told her I wasn’t Mr. Jamison, that I lied as a ruse to get her number, that I was a reporter for the East Bay Beat and I was writing a story about Consolidated Scavenger.
She’d read those stories, and somehow I managed to talk her into coffee after work. I was persistent, emboldened how I had turned around the call with Barb, and I could tell that she was curious about my experience as a freelance writer. She’d been a reporter in a small town, but had never looked into freelancing. 
The two women turn around and straighten up. The woman on the left, toothpick-thin, wears a severe black suit with a man’s tie and a stern expression. The one on the right—who I immediately hope is Donna—is taller, a little wider, with thick brown hair framing her face. She has soft features and pouty lips and is about my height—five foot eight. She’s early thirties maybe. “I’m Donna.” She smiles. “Are you Brian?”
I walk over to their worktable and extend my hand. “This is Jeanette,” she says, “We’re here second-guessing ourselves.”
Donna shows me a mockup for an insurance company ad—a warm and fuzzy shot of an extended family eating on a Vermont-style wraparound porch. “We’re not thrilled with this photo,” she says, “It’s just oh-so-predictable.”
“It’s pretty nostalgic, sort of Norman Rockwelly,” I say. “I mean, who lives like that anymore?”
“Exactly,” she says. “Of course, we are selling peace of mind, so we don’t want any harsh shots of urban rioting or anything. Clients don’t like anything too real.”
While we’re leaning over the light table, two men—both about my age but with less hair—walk in, briefcases in hand, and start ridiculing one of their clients. I don’t quite follow. 
“But enough of that shit,” says the taller one, who has a thick mustache. “So listen, girls, we’re headed to the pier to meet Rudy and his people. You all want to come? Maybe they’ll steal us away for their shop.”
“You’re just hot for that art director,” says the other guy, who sports a red and orange Jerry Garcia tie. “She’s a babe.”
Mustache shrugs his shoulders again and turns to Donna. 
“You think she likes me? You know us guys. Clueless. Once we’ve looked for the wedding ring, we don’t know where to go next.”
“Like the wedding ring ever stopped you,” says Jeanette. “Yours or theirs.”
“It’s more like a yellow light,” he says. “Proceed with caution.”
Then Psychedelic Tie interjects, “Yeah, except when Gary’s driving, yellow means floor it.” 
Mustache grins, smirks, and looks to me for validation. I ignore him. It reminds me of an encounter long ago, back in the Ozarks, where I met some friendly rednecks who peppered their drunken conversation with racist taunts and kept glancing at me to nod my head in approval. Or were they daring me to call them on it? I never knew. I did neither.  
These guys aren’t as bad, but this is San Francisco. They keep at it, though, and I cringe. 
But then I think, wait a minute, I’m always thinking about women, objectifying them, evaluating every attractive woman within a certain age range for their “fuckability.” That’s Eileen’s word, not mine. In the spirit of candor and intimacy, I once made the mistake of admitting to Eileen that, yeah, sometimes I did that. She never let me forget it. What, just because I live in Berkeley, I’m supposed to be immune to the swirls of popular culture, not to mention biology? But I learned to keep such feelings to myself. These guys are cruder than me, but maybe more honest.  
Jeanette whispers something in Donna’s ear, then goes off with the two men. “Those two have that same conversation every couple of days,” Donna says. “I wonder about Gary’s wife. He makes like he’s such a ladies man and his marriage is a prison.”
“I was uncomfortable,” I say. “I’m sure it was more unpleasant for you.”
“Why didn’t you say something?”
I gulp. “Next time I will. Can I take you to dinner?” I know that’s not going to make up for standing by silently, but it’s better than just apologizing. She does a double take. 
“You scared me, you know. About the insurance.”
“Your insurance is fine. I’m sorry. Aren’t there, like, a million Chinese restaurants right down the street?”
She hesitates, looks away, then says, “Okay,” stretching out the word so it sounds as though she’s not sure. We go to a Chinese place a block away.
I ask her about her time at Scavenger, but she twitches her nose like she smells something bad, and suggests we order first. Then I ask her about her current job instead.  
“It’s okay,” she says. “I love the creative part, but it’s such a cynical scene. We devote so much energy to trivial things.” 
“Like insurance?”
“Last month it was potato chips. No one believes in anything.”
I encourage her harangue, interject a few times, but mostly restrain myself. She seems happy to have an attentive listener.
It’s not until we’re on our main courses—mu shu vegetables for me and broccoli with chicken for her—that she slows down and the perfect opportunity for a segue presents itself. 
“Who knows where I’ll be working in five years?” she says. “I’m not—”
I jump on that. “Speaking of transitions—watch this seamless one here—where were you working five years ago? Consolidated Scavenger?” 
“Oh, right. Sorry to prattle on. I was there two years, a little more.”
“Tell me about it.”
She bites her lip and looks at the broccoli balanced on her chopsticks. “Tell me again what you want to know,” she says.
“The way you were describing the advertising world earlier—skeptical and questioning. Like that, but about Scavenger. And any criminal activity, scandals, cover-ups—that sort of stuff. Like that price-fixing episode in Solano County a couple years ago.”
She wrinkles her nose. “It’s just that, well, I’ve been doing all the talking and you’re finished eating. I have to catch up. Besides, how did you get interested in garbage in the first place?” Then she smiles.
I tell myself that no self-respecting hard-boiled reporter or detective would let a dame distract him, but of course, in the movies, lots of them do, all the time.
I don’t intend to blab away but I do—about why I want to reinvent myself as an investigative reporter and to make a difference, which she calls “refreshing.” She keeps nodding her head, and saying things like “wow” and “interesting,” and before I know it, I’ve walked her through my sinuous path from songwriter to the guy who counted the pitiful money the band made to hanging out my shingle as a bookkeeper to writing book reviews and then stories for the Beat. 
I tell her I stumbled into the waste world by reviewing a book by an archaeologist who excavated American landfills and analyzed them as if they were clues to some ancient civilization. She says she knows the book. Doug lambasted me for that review, because I didn’t trash the writer as a shill for the landfill industry, and that led me to my foray into garbage/recycling/politics beat. 
By the time I pause for breath, Donna has finished her dinner, the check’s on the table, and a waiter is sweeping the floor. We’re the only customers left. I guess restaurants close early in the financial district. So much for my crack investigative skills. She hasn’t said more than a few sentences about Scavenger.
I suggest we get some coffee. She says she’s tired, but I remind her that she said she would tell me about Scavenger.
It’s almost seven. Already dark. Cooling off, but not cold. She hesitates long enough that she makes it seem like a big concession, but she agrees to go to a café.
We walk up to North Beach, and once we’re settled at a table by the window, she with her mineral water, me with my cappuccino, I ask her again to tell me about her Scavenger job. She starts talking instead about her experience in Lodi, a sleepy farm town seventy miles from San Francisco, working for the daily newspaper. 
“It could not have been more unhip—school board meetings, 4-H shows, kids breaking into cars. It was a slower life. Which might have been fine if I was married with kids. But I met most of the eligible men in town my first year, and didn’t have close friends like I do here. I had great neighbors though. The old lady who lived across the street—I could walk over and knock on her door any time day or night.”
“I’d love to talk more about that some other time,” I say, surprising myself with my resolute, almost demanding tone, “but right now I want to hear about your experience working at Con. You’ve been avoiding it all night.” 
She flinches. “But you already know more than I do,” she says. “I don’t think I know anything useful.” 
“Oh, but you do. Otherwise you wouldn’t feel hesitant, like you’re betraying Scavenger.”
“They made me sign a non-disclosure agreement, saying I wouldn’t talk about this stuff if I got hired by a competitor.”
“But you’re not working for a competitor.” 
She drinks the last of her mineral water, stares at her empty glass. I fold my hands, lean towards her. She licks her lips. And starts talking. 
“One of my first jobs was to research all the other waste haulers and recyclers in Contra Costa County and Alameda County. Lot of public records searches. I learned who the owners were, where they lived, what kind of loans they had. I got credit reports. At first I was innocent enough to not really know what I was doing, but soon enough I figured out I was digging for dirt that Scavenger could use to undercut its competition. Nothing illegal about that. It’s business. Pretty common, I was assured.
“Scavenger also encouraged employees to join environmental groups—not all employees, but the ones in my unit. So I joined Greenpeace and the South County Toxics Network and the Save Alameda Creek Association, the Sierra Club. We’d get reimbursed for membership dues, we’d sign up for newsletters and action alerts, and bring in all the mail we got to weekly meetings. My job was to summarize these materials for the managers, tell them what the enviros were up to. In relation to landfills and recycling specifically. But they were also looking for opportunities to give money for things like environmental education. They were getting involved in their community, they said. It sounded good. I liked that. I also went to council meetings and waste management board meetings and so on.”
“Did anyone join Recycle Berkeley?” 
“I don’t know,” she says. “I didn’t.” She stops talking and tries to take a drink from her empty glass. 
“Maybe you’d like a glass of wine?” I say. “I hear that’s a tried-and-true reporter trick when someone is feeling uncomfortable talking. I don’t have to use your name, you know.”
I order two glasses of the house red. I look out the big open window at the pedestrians and take deep breaths, as quietly as I can. I’m trying not to act too excited or impatient.
I drink some wine. So does she. 
“I wasn’t the only one who did this,” she says. 
She stops. I still have a half a glass of wine but I want to ration it so I drink some water. I have to go to the bathroom, but I’m not about to go now.   
“Like I said, they encouraged us to get involved in community organizations, and I went to various meetings, noting who was there and what they were doing, like a reporter would. I used my real name.” 
I nod. I want to be writing this down, but don’t dare.  
“It was more than that,” she says, speaking faster now. “I was, well, here goes, I guess I was partly a spy, and partly a member of this sort of grassroots group. This was in Pittsburg. The group was called Neighbors for Safe Communities. I used my sister’s phone number in Concord, where I had spent part of my childhood, so I wasn’t a total carpetbagger. There was this one meeting that a bunch of black ministers organized. Pittsburg is poorer than the cities around it—it’s got the oil refinery and the port. These ministers represented a poor part of town not far from where Solano Sanitary wanted to build a landfill. Scavenger wanted to expand its landfill, but we had to get the county to turn down the one in Pittsburg first. Or stall it. That was my job, to pretend I was a concerned citizen who wanted to stop the Pittsburg landfill.”
“How was that?”
But she doesn’t seem to hear me. “I needed the job,” she says. “I had college loans. I enjoyed it at first, even thought we were doing the right thing. One of the things we organized—I helped make some letterhead and put out some news releases—was a rally by a bunch of black church people protesting the location of the Pittsburg landfill, claiming environmental racism. Pittsburg does have a minority community, but they were reaching. I mean, the landfill would have been four miles from town, as close to Concord as to Pittsburg. We started calling it the Pittsburg landfill, and the name stuck. Regardless, the main thing is that Scavenger organized these ministers and that wasn’t public knowledge. Most of them didn’t even know it. Scavenger found people who opposed the landfill, hired people to help them, funneled donations to the churches. There was another organization called People of Color Against the Pittsburg Landfill. That was almost all us. There may have been a few local people really opposed to the landfill, but they didn’t know they were serving our purposes. The coup de grace was getting these black ministers and their congregations to picket the county courthouse in Martinez and then the Sierra Club headquarters in San Francisco, and charge environmental racism. You probably know the ending. We won. Excuse me. Scavenger won. They got the board of supes to turn down the Pittsburg landfill, and then later to approve the Scavenger expansion out by the delta.” 
She finishes her wine. She looks drained. Now it’s my turn to say “wow.”
“You can see why the cynicism of the advertising world doesn’t shock me.” 
“That’s a fascinating story,” I say.
Then she goes to the bathroom, and I have a moment to reflect and I realize that I’ve been so present with Donna that I’ve forgotten about everything else. It’s a funny thing. I know I think too much and I know I’m happiest when I’m so engaged that there’s no room for wandering thoughts, but I can’t snap my finger and make that engagement happen. That’s why it’s good for me to interview people—it demands my attention.
It helps that Donna is “way cute,” like her pal Neil said.  
I walk her to her bus stop. “One more question,” I say. “Who organized these astroturf groups? It wasn’t just you, was it?”
“It was all of us,” she says.
“Who was all of you?”
“I suppose you want names.” 
“Yeah, names.”
But she won’t give me names. “Here’s my stop. I take the F,” she says.
Two old Chinese women and a white teenager with a wispy goatee stand waiting for the streetcar. Donna peers down the street. Here comes the train.
I extend my hand. She takes it warily, looking over her shoulder, as the streetcar stops and the Chinese women climb on board. “I enjoyed meeting you,” I say, sounding more formal than I want to. “Thanks for an interesting and enjoyable evening.” Enjoyable? What happened to my vocabulary?
“Maybe we could get together again,” I say, “I’d like to hear more about your Con experiences.”  
She flashes her bus pass to the driver, gives me a big smile. “You know, I can be a lot more fun when I’m not talking about work.” 


Chapter 7: Night Swim
“If all you do is collect bottles and cans, you’re not recycling,” says Barb Genessee, Consolidated Scavenger’s director of recycling operations in Oakland. “Recycling doesn’t happen until you turn those collected materials back into new products.”
—Brian Hunter, “Recycling Rivalry: This Time It’s Personal,” 
East Bay Beat, October 14, 1998
[Thursday. October 15. 9 p.m.]
I bring Barb a dozen red roses. Only $6 from the farmer’s market. “The chocolate is coming,” I tell her as I hand her the flowers. “I’m having it flown in from Belgium.”
She grimaces.
“Brian, I don’t mean to be picky, but for me, it’s Swiss or forget it.”
“Oh, did I say Belgium? I meant Switzerland. You know with the Euro coming and all that, it’s hard to tell those little countries apart. Especially the ones that don’t have their own language.”
She grins, though she’s got this “what am I going to do with you” look in her eyes. “Let me put those in some water.”
She already has a big orange mosaic vase full of Peruvian lilies in the center of her dining room. She puts the roses in a navy blue glass vase, fills it almost to the top with water. “Thank you,” she says, adjusting the vases so the roses are centered in front of the lilies. She turns down the volume on her stereo—she’s playing Cesaria Evora, a smoky blues balladeer from the Cape Verde Islands. Her apricot-colored t-shirt has the word “breathe” across the top in bold white type and a yoga pose underneath.
“Hi,” she says, opening her arms and giving me a hug. “I meant to when you gave me the flowers, but...”
She’s nervous too. Good.
I’ve been at her house twice before, when Doug lived with her. Once I arrived early for a party and she put me to work getting dishes and utensils to the table. I remember finding, in a cabinet under the counter, a cardboard box of dirty dishes labeled “to wash.”
The house is much cleaner and more spartan this time.
“You were here for that Re-Be bash last spring, weren’t you?”
“Yeah, that was towards the end with Eileen. So I don’t believe I was fully present.”
“Are you present now?” she asks.
“I couldn’t be more present if I were gift-wrapped,” I say.
“Huh?” she says. “Oh yeah, gift-wrapped. So, you want some tea, beer, wine?”
“Beer would be good. It’s hot.”
It is hot. Unseasonably so. Well, not really. When it turns hot every October without fail, it’s not unseasonable. We forget it’s coming. But this year is hotter than most. And it’s holding on, day after day.
Einstein, Barb’s goofy and playful golden retriever, bounds into the living room, wagging his tail. “I was wondering where you were,” I say, scratching him behind his ears. He looks up at me with his big brown baleful eyes, his head tilted to one side and his tongue hanging out. He’s usually good for a laugh, especially when he rubs his butt up against the couch to scratch himself or rolls on his back on the floor and snorts with abandon.
“He doesn’t hear so well anymore,” she says.
We sit on her couch with our drinks.
“Are you still pissed at me?” I ask.
She shrugs.
“How is it living on your own? That’s new for you, isn’t it?”
She takes a long drink. “At first, I couldn’t wait for him to be gone, but once he was it was like I was missing my arm. Sometimes it’s too quiet around here. But I’d just as soon talk about something else.”
She finishes her beer quickly and gets another one. When she sits back down, she takes a quick sip, then starts peeling the label off the bottle.
“Can I ask you something about Re-Be?” I say. “And the PJs. Just one question.”
She hesitates, then nods.
“I know this is out of left field, but someone who dislikes Re-Be told me there’s this slush fund Re-Be has to help get the PJs elected. You know anything about that? This is all off the record, remember.”
“Brian, you ought to write about something you’re not so close to, where you don’t know anyone.” She stands up and raises the window another few inches, as high as it goes.
“I ought to, I will,” I say. “But first I have to finish this one.”
“Well, just don’t be splashing my fucked-up relationship with Doug all over the front page again.”
“Hey, if I haven’t I groveled enough, give me a call, okay. I thought you let that go. And, for the record, it was page 3.”
She frowns at me.
“Not that that matters,” I say.
She puts her beer down on the coffee table, its top surface a faded and elegantly crackled turquoise, then slides a pillow behind her, and leans back against the arm of the couch.
“You know Brian, it would be a lot easier if you’d just accept the fact that I’m petty and irrational and contradictory, just like everyone else. You see my strength, I like that, but you don’t see my failings. Of course, I know about that slush fund. But it’s not my place to tell you about it. I don’t work for Re-Be.”
“You knew about it?”
Through the open window, I hear a motorcycle roar down the street.
“Brian, how could I have not known about it? If I was the mother hen everyone made me out to be.”
“It just seemed like something you wouldn’t want to be part of. It has Doug written all over it.”
“Oh, Dougie and I fooled everyone. I was the good girl, he was the goon. But it wasn’t that simple. I have my dark side, but Doug carried it for me all these years, so somehow I got this reputation as a saint, which I don’t deserve. And I don’t want. That’s why everyone is giving me shit about going to Scavenger to make a few bucks—they can’t believe that I’m not this altruistic do-gooder to the core.”
“It’s just that—forgive me for sounding like an innocent rube—the slush fund is corrupt, illegal. It looks bad. How could—”
She leans forward. “Brian, it is bad. But it’s tiny. It’s a bug.” She holds her finger and thumb together in front of her face and squints.
“You’ve got this twisted vision of me. Saint Barbara. On the one hand, you treat me like I’m Superwoman, able to lift recycling trucks and crush cans into bales with my bare hands, hold together a band of crazy anarchists. And then you treat me like I’m some innocent victim of Doug’s evil schemes. It’s patronizing and idealizing all at the same time.”
“At the risk of being earnest,” I say, “I guess what I’d like is to get to know the real you.”
She walks to the window, turns to face me. Her hair falls across her face and she pushes it behind her ears.
“Earnest is good. I’m just a regular person who’s going through changes and trying to make something of my life. Like you. I’m probably not going to have the kids I wanted, so maybe I’d like to have some stuff. A couch that costs a thousand dollars instead of a thrift store special. No, there was not a slush fund, but we did have $5,000 of overhead that we devoted to keeping ourselves politically viable. For PR. Lobbying. No one was ever enriched by it. That’s all I’m going to say. It’s petty, like stealing office supplies. Especially compared to the NFB’s big pot of dirty money from the landlords.”
“You could go on the record and say that and I’ll quote you,” I say.
“No, I couldn’t.” She’s agitated now. “I don’t work for Re-Be. It would hurt Re-Be if you wrote about it. So don’t get all impulsive and reckless again.”
“Can I ask you a question about Con? Have you heard anything about Con employees joining community groups to, like, gather information?”
“Brian, is this why you came here, to grill me?”
“No, I definitely didn’t.” I walk to the window next to her and leaning my nose against the glass. “I came to see you, hoping to kiss you. I got a little nervous and started talking shop. How about if I go out and knock on the door and start all over again?”
“Just pretend you did.”
I fog up the window with my breath, then scrawl “Saint Barb” with my finger. Then I wipe it with the back of my hand.
“I know I told you that I liked you the first time I saw you,” I say, but when I look in her eyes, she looks away. I lean against the window frame. “But actually it wasn’t seeing you as much as hearing. You were pretty darn cute standing there, but when you were talking, when that quick wit and fierce intelligence shone through, well, you dazzled me. You still do.”
“That’s more like it,” she says.
“And that time at the city council with your burlap bag theatrical revue, that really blew me away.”
“Just don’t be putting me up on any pedestals, Mr. Hunter. I know you like that I get dirt under my fingernails. Fine and good, but that dirt’s not just from fixing the trucks. I’ve got more metaphorical dirt clinging to me that you could ever imagine.”
“Try me. Shock me.”
She smiles, holding my gaze now. “So are you going to kiss me or what?”
I lean towards her, blocking what little light there is from the lamp next to the couch. She leans against the wall, her face in shadow. I take the beer bottle from her hand and place it on the windowsill, lift my hand to her face, my fingertips lightly grazing her ears, and, as if I’m trying to touch a soap bubble without bursting it, I guide her head towards me.
She kisses back as tentatively as I kiss her, then puts her hands on my shoulders and looks in my eyes. Her eyes are big and brown. In daylight, there’s a hint of green, but I can’t see it now. Her face is smooth except for some little wrinkles around her eyes.
“My lips are dry.” She reaches for her beer bottle. When I kiss her again, with my hand on her cheek, she kisses back hard and presses against me. Then she jumps away.
“I’ve got an idea,” she says, sounding like a little girl. “Let’s go skinny-dipping.”
“Swimming? It’s dark out. It’s October.”
“We can go to Lake Anza. Have you ever done that at night?”
“In August. Many Augusts ago.”
“How often is it hot like this? Let’s go. I’ll get some towels. And Einstein gets to come. He’ll love it.”
So swimming we go. She drives us up through Strawberry Canyon and we walk around the lake to the big boulders on the far side, across from the beach. The air is still, the weather reminiscent of Missouri summer nights. It’s one of maybe three nights of the year when it’s almost too warm. Not a hint of fog. Einstein bounds ahead, looking back at us to be sure we’re following. Barb walks ahead of me, laughing, playful. Ahead, we hear muffled voices and a splash, a group of people and another dog, and we keep going past the cove they’re in to the next outcropping. When we get there, Barb peels off all of her clothes and with only a second of hesitation, dives into the dark water.
“How deep is it here?” I ask when she bobs to the surface. Einstein paddles beside her, looking as happy as a dog can be.
“Plenty deep. I’ve jumped off that spot many times.”
I take a shallow dive, skimming the surface. The water’s cold, but I stroke hard for a minute to warm up, then make my way to Barb and her dog. They swim towards me, Barb with the breaststroke, Einstein with, well, it must be the dog paddle.
A few stars are visible, but the moon hasn’t yet risen. I can make out Barb’s head above the water, but can barely see her face, even up close.
“I want to kiss you again.” I say. “You look scrumptious.”
I lean towards her, treading water. My first attempt lands on her nose. She wiggles away, then comes closer. I find her lips. She giggles. Einstein swims between us.
“Somebody is jealous,” she says.
“We could maybe figure out a role for Einstein here. Could be fun.”
“He is spayed.”
“Maybe he could videotape us.”
She mock-slaps me, then swims away and climbs up the rock and wraps herself in the towel. I swim for a few more minutes, then join her on the rock. She’s put her clothes back on. So do I. I sit next to her and pick up her hand and kiss it.
“I like being with you,” I say.
Einstein has joined us on the rock and is shaking himself, spraying us with water.
I kiss Barb again. The rock is sharp under my butt. I slide a few inches closer.
“I like you Brian, so please don’t take this the wrong way.” She hesitates and looks down.
“That’s not an auspicious beginning,” I say.
“I’m not ready for anything serious,” she says. “I know most boys like to hear that, but I don’t think of you as most boys.”
“Now you’re the one idealizing me. I like meaningless sex just as much as the next guy.”
“I doubt that.”
She takes my hand in hers and looks up at me. I can see the whites of her eyes, but everything else is dark.
“I’m not saying I’m damaged goods. I don’t believe that. But you know that line about you should be able to stow all your baggage in the overhead compartment. Not me. I’ve got to buy an extra ticket for it.”
I squeeze her hand. “This only makes me like you more, you know, opening up like this.”
“It’s just that I don’t want to jump from one relationship to another without some time off in between to get to know myself. I feel like there’s no such thing as Barb. It’s Barb and Doug. Who am I separate from Doug? I have to find that out.”
“Yeah, that sounds like something you need to do on your own. But if you want any company while you’re exploring....”
“Good answer,” she says, “But don’t go getting attached to me. It took me years to peel off the last guy who did. It hurt. Him and me. Like pulling tape off my arm. Except that it wasn’t over in two seconds. It’s still not over.”



Chapter 8: Dead Dog
Berkeley’s innovative “Recycle and Win” program will receive a “best practices” statewide award from the California Recycling Association at its annual banquet this weekend, a black-tie event at the Re-Be yard in West Berkeley. The program, developed by former Re-Be doyenne Barb Genessee, picks one Berkeley household at random every week and if it has no recyclables in its trash can, the residents get a $100 check and their name in the paper.
—Brian Hunter, “Recycling Rivalry: This Time It’s Personal,” 
East Bay Beat, October 14, 1998
[Saturday. October 17. 5 p.m.]

Far across the yard, through my telephoto lens, I spy Barb standing and talking with her Consolidated Scavenger colleagues.
Wow!
She looks incredible. She’s wearing a simple black gown, more revealing than anything I’ve ever seen her in. I can’t keep my eyes off her. With her hair pulled back, long dangling earrings, a flat silver and black necklace, and a scarf over her shoulders, she has a touch of gypsy to her. She doesn’t just look sexy, she looks glamorous. I don’t know exactly what it is—the cleavage certainly is a lot of it, but I’ve seen her wear a skimpy tank top before. Must be the high heels, jewelry, and makeup. The way the gown hugs her body.
I’ve never seen her in heels, only heard her scoffing at the idea that a woman would imprison herself in something so uncomfortable and objectifying.
All at once, she has become both unforgettable and unattainable. What I’ve always liked so much about her is how attractive and engaging she is without seeming to try. But here she is trying to be glamorous, and wildly succeeding. 
I shake my head. Stop it. She’s putting on a show. This isn’t who she was. 
She’s always had a modest hippie look, like she was proud of rejecting the dictates of the style aficionados, but now she looks like she could be on the cover of a magazine. And to think I kissed her a couple nights ago. Don’t get me wrong, I’m attracted to her unpretentiousness, but this feels like looking at pornography.
I’ve always thought she was sexy, but in an understated, affectionate, black lab goofy, “let’s get stoned and play” kind of way. In my fantasies, the hottest women are cool and haughty, reveling in their power over men. I’m smart enough to know that, in the real world, friendly women like Barb are a better bet for me. Probably for anyone. But tonight she’s exuding haughtiness and it turns me on something fierce.
Of course, the coolness might well come from looking at her from fifty feet away through a camera, too far for her warmth to travel, especially without a breeze.
I want her. I want to go to her, but I’m frozen in place. Even as I lust after her, I feel glimmer of defeat. I’m not in her league. She’s elevated herself in a way I never can. She seems a million miles away.
She’s talking with two men, one of them my pal Julian Allard from “the Beat is full of the PJs’ gism” fame, and the other is Tom Herman, the silver-haired, silver-tongued regional boss of Consolidated Scavenger.
We’re in the Re-Be yard for the California Recycling Association’s annual awards banquet, under the watchful eyes of seagulls lining the roof of the baling warehouse. This year it’s a formal affair, with about a hundred men and women schmoozing and nibbling hors d’oeuvres just a sniffle away from the ripe-smelling compost facility next door.
I’m not the only one with a camera—two TV crews are here as well, just as Kisa predicted. “How can they resist?” she said. It’s the first time anyone can remember local news shows covering the awards, but the contrast between the attire and the atmosphere make for great visuals. I actually am taking real photographs of the guests as they arrive, in between ogling Barb from behind my camera.
Round plywood boards covered with freshly ironed white tablecloths sit on bales of newspaper and aluminum. There’s not a plastic utensil or paper plate on the premises.
Of course, since this is Berkeley, scattered among the starched and formal are some rebels in jeans and army surplus khakis and a couple of women with shaved heads wearing thick-soled stompers.
The asphalt has been thoroughly swept and scrubbed clean and shiny, and is free of the usual broken glass, tin can lids, and plastic bags. A forest green banner with “Recycle Berkeley” in bold white san serif type hangs from the tall stacks of bales behind the stage.
Indian summer continues to hang on, even though October is half over. The day has been still and hot, not a cloud in sight except far out on the western horizon, and by the time the afternoon shadows lengthen and camera operators are setting up, it has cooled to a balmy 70 degrees.
I’m not wearing a tux, as I am part media contingent, part Re-Be hanger-on, but I look more dashing than usual in my white linen wedding jacket. My feet, squeezed into stiff dress shoes, are sweaty and uncomfortable. I can’t wait to take them off.
I haven’t seen Barb since our swimming adventure at Lake Anza on Thursday, and I’m hoping to slip into a dark corner with her.
She said on our way back from the lake that she wants to keep our “relationship” a secret, though since she insists we don’t have one, it’s not much of a secret to keep. “Doug has a hard enough time with me getting an award,” she said. “If he saw me with you, he’d kill me. Or you.”
She also told me, again, that she wasn’t ready for anything meaningful, and that I should find myself a woman who’s available, but I haven’t been able to think of anyone, anything, except her. I even wrote an insipid love song for her last night, the first time I’ve strapped on my guitar in a year.
I focus my camera on Sheila Womack and Gil Sykes, who are sitting thirty feet away with some other city officials. I’m about to snap the shutter when Kisa waves her face in front of the lens and mugs. Then she plops down next to me and gulps water from the sturdy wine glasses Re-Be has rented for the occasion. She tilts her head, sticks out her tongue in feigned exhaustion, and holds up her crossed fingers. All is going according to plan. So far.
“Did you see Barb?” she says. “Mmm-mm, she looks fine.”
“Oh yeah, I noticed. Fine is right.”
She turns serious all of a sudden. “You hear anything about protesters showing up?”
I shake my head.
“One of the TV guys asked me, as if he’d heard something.”
Barb’s simple black dress flatters her, but Kisa’s long sparkling navy-blue gown looks wrong on her—it’s too big, too much fabric. If I notice, it must be obvious. Despite an adorable grin on her wholesome round face, she looks almost comical. But then, she hasn’t spent the afternoon dolling herself up either. She’s been setting up the tables and stage and negotiating with the caterer. Her curly hair, pinned back, is still damp. She’s probably just hopped in the shower in the trailer and thrown the dress on. I can’t remember ever seeing her without her glasses.
A light-skinned African-American, Kisa was adopted and raised by two white lesbian hippies, who are part of the Re-Be extended community. One of them used to be on the Re-Be board; now she’s a mucky-muck with the PJs. Kisa fits right in at Re-Be, but no one expects she’ll stay long. A sharp, easy-going “white-acting” black woman is in great demand these days—all the do-gooder groups want, or say they want, more diversity.
She jokingly calls herself a “commodities broker”—she coordinates the sales of collected recyclables—but lately she’s been trying to step into Barb’s substantial shoes as leader without portfolio. She jumped at the chance to work on the statewide awards committee, and loved the idea of the tuxes and gowns. “Hey, we’ve got recycling professionals wearing business suits now,” Kisa said. “Let’s go all the way, make it a formal event, but hold it here in the yard.”
The affair is tricky to manage, not because of the formal wear and logistics and unorthodox setting, but because of the uneasy mix of the true believers and the corporate-come-latelies. Kisa isn’t enthusiastic about the change in the world of recycling, but accepts it. “It’s a sign of success when the suits show up,” she says.
But mostly it’s the controversy over Barb’s award, for the “Recycle and Win” program she started five years ago. It’s been a huge success and has been replicated in dozens of other cities. Even in eco-conscious Berkeley, there’s only a winner about once a month, so Re-Be has garnered tons of quirky and interesting publicity for only a thousand dollars a year.
The problem is that the awards usually go to organizations, but since Barb no longer works at Re-Be, she can’t share it if it’s given to Re-Be. And even though her new employer, Consolidated Scavenger, has adopted a similar program in Oakland, it doesn’t make sense to honor the big bad wolf that’s only recently arrived on the scene. And then you add the fact that Doug claims it was his idea, and that Barb only “implemented” it.
I get up and weave through the tables towards Barb, but David Ginsberg intercepts me before I get to her.
“Brian Hunter, got a sec?”
I stop. He takes my hand and gives it a friendly squeeze. “Listen, I hear you’ve been asking around about this alleged slush fund.”
Ginsberg is the president of the Re-Be board of directors, arguably the most bourgeois person in the inner circle of Re-Be, with a wife, teenage kids, a house in the hills, and some medical brokerage job where he, as Kisa says, “hires and fires doctors.” He’s no Earth Firster, though who knows what he does with his checkbook in the privacy of his own home. I’ve been at Re-Be a number of times when I asked myself, “Where are the grownups?” Ginsberg is a grownup. He’s easy to spot at board meetings—he’s the only one wearing a tie. Tonight, however, he’s one of many penguins.
“Yeah, one of many things I’ve been asking around about,” I say.
“I’m asking you a favor. Don’t follow that trail. Maybe there’s a story there, but it’s ancient history and there are people I care about who could be hurt. It’s small potatoes, very small potatoes compared to the kind of payola that Con is dishing out to the NFBs. Digging up this slush fund will only strengthen our opponents’ hands. Now if there’s any other way I can be of assistance, I’d be happy to accommodate you.”
Ginsberg’s cousin Sarah Gluckman, a vocal Re-Be supporter, is challenging city council incumbent Sheila Womack, and possibly carrying Re-Be’s fate with her.
“Well, Doug seems to think that you’re an infiltrator from Scavenger.”
He sighs.
“I can’t figure you out.” His voice is calm, but frosty. “I thought you had Re-Be’s well-being in mind, but it seems like you’re more of a ‘throw things out there and let the chips fall where they may’ kind of guy.”
“That’s a non-answer. And a non-denial.”
I am in fact concerned about Re-Be’s well-being, no matter what I might say about looking for the truth.
Ginsberg takes off his glasses and with a circular motion of his thumb, wipes both lenses with the shiny black fabric of his tux. Barb continues to talk with Herman.
Ginsberg steps closer and speaks softly, directly into my ear. “Off the record, I did attempt to negotiate with Con. I had coffee with someone who works for the city, someone who went out of his way to contact me, who gave me a heads up about some discussions taking place, but that’s hardly being an infiltrator. Oh, and if you write about this, I will see to it that you never ever set foot in this yard again and never talk to a Re-Be staffer or board member again. Got it?”
I nod. “Doug says you want to fire him.”
Ginsberg takes a step back and rubs his forehead. “Doug is hoping I quit in frustration and the anarchists can rule again. But that will be the death of Re-Be. I would love to fire him, but he’s got some allies on the board who want to give him a chance to shape up. I’m hoping he does.”
He doesn’t warn me not to write about that.
It looks like dinner is about to begin, and I haven’t connected with Barb yet, so I rush over to her table. She’s speaking emphatically to Herman, punctuating her conversation with fingers spread wide, saying something about catching snails with beer traps. Allard is on the other side of Herman, and I nod at him, but he doesn’t acknowledge me. And neither does Barb. I’m right in front of her. How can she not see me?
But then she does.
“Oh, Brian, I want to introduce you to Tom Herman.” She touches my shoulder as I extend my hand. “You’ve talked to him on the phone, right?”
Her voice is friendly, but neutral. I could be anyone.
“Tom, this is Brian Hunter,” she says, and now she’s touching him too. “He’s the writer from the Beat, and a friend.”
I don’t like how she buries the word “friend” at the end of her sentence. And why is she acting so affectionate with Herman?
“I always enjoy connecting the face with the name,” Herman says, his handshake hearty and vigorous. “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I could have picked you out of a lineup.” Then he winks.
“Oh yeah, I got cranked out on the Berkeley assembly line,” I say. “But look, no beard. It was a Friday and they were slacking off.”
“I’ll bet you used to have one.”
“It didn’t fill out. Otherwise I might have kept it.”
“I suspect you’re not entirely comfortable with Barbara becoming part of our team,” Herman says, with a booming voice, “but let me tell you, we are thrilled to have her. She is transforming who we are.”
He lifts his wine glass, tilts his head back, and drains what’s left. He doesn’t look like he has any trouble sleeping at night.
Barb has turned back to the stage, and her eyes dart left and right.
I ask Herman if he can schedule a time to talk with me. “I’ve tried contacting you, but you have some very effective secretaries running interference for you.“
He starts to respond, then a burst of feedback shrieks through the P.A. system and we all turn towards the stage, which is a wooden platform held up on three sides by forklifts.
“Sorry about that,” says a man on the stage, leaning on an aluminum-bale podium. “But now that I have your attention, ladies and jellybeans, if you can please take your seats. The food’s ready to be served, and we’d like to start the presentations by six thirty.”
Herman hands me a card. “Try me at this number on Tuesday.” I nod to Barb and her tablemates, then wind my way back to the Re-Be table.
“I keep looking for the bride and groom,” Kisa whispers to me after I sit down. “All these dressed up people and the way the tables are arranged.”
The food is wonderful—your basic gourmet vegetarian fare. Baked butternut squash. Cheese enchiladas with yellow and red grilled peppers. Heaping platters of spinach salad with red onions and olives. Chilled honeydew melon “soup.”
I’m working on my salad when the master of ceremonies, a young pony-tailed guy from Santa Cruz, steps to the microphone. “I read some advice today about giving speeches,” he says, “First you tell them what you’re going to say, then you say it, then you tell them what you said. I’m going straight to part three. So in conclusion...”
He pauses for a laugh that doesn’t came. “Okay, we’re recyclers here. We don’t like to waste anything, even our time, so let’s get to the awards.”
The setting and costumes may be creative, but the awards presentations are not. They drone on. If the event were in a restaurant, it would have little to recommend it. Here in the recycling yard though, with the earthy odor of the compost facility wafting through with the breeze, the industrial backdrop, and the ever-present seagulls, the festivities take on a campy edge.
On the other side of Kisa sits Ginsberg and next to him, his wife Lettie. The gossip around Re-Be is that Ginsberg and Kisa are having an affair. At the least they are “close.” Kisa has taken on many of Barb’s responsibilities, including being the primary staff liaison with the board. Below the amplified voices, I catch pieces of Ginsberg and Kisa’s whispers. The words aren’t important—mostly they’re talking about the award winners, but there’s an intimacy between them, or so I imagine. Ginsberg seems to flirt with Kisa at one point, whispering in her ear, then grinning at her. Lettie, smiling and talking with another board member to her left, doesn’t seem to notice.
When the M.C. announces Barb’s award, she pushes out her chair and stands, but before she’s straightened her legs, ear-splitting music bursts from the speakers—“the Internationale,” the Russian revolutionary anthem.

Stand up, all victims of oppression
For the tyrants fear your might

From behind the orange forklift to the left of the stage, five protesters dressed in bright yellow hazmat cleanup suits and gas masks march in front of the stage—and cameras—carrying hand-lettered signs. One reads: “Stop Scavenger Takeover of Independent Recyclers.” Another: “Con is a Corporate Criminal.” The music is so loud the fabric on the front of the speakers vibrates. The gulls squawk and fly en masse from the roof of the warehouse.

Don't cling so hard to your possessions
For you have nothing if you have no rights 

The marchers weave their way to Barb’s table. They’re chanting, but I can’t hear them above the music. Behind the suit and mask, I can tell that Doug is in front, straining under the weight of a large plastic bag. No two strides are alike. There’s a jerkiness to his walk that makes even the simplest step forward ungraceful. I jump from my chair, grab my camera, and race towards the action.
Barb is frozen, halfway between sitting and standing, her knees bent and her hands on the table.
Behind her, the harvest sun, bleeding red, slips behind the nose-like slope of Mt. Tam. A clump of gray cottage-cheese clouds floats in front of the orange and purple sky, like coals in a barbecue grill.
When the protesters arrive at the Scavenger table, trailed by cameramen, Doug lunges forward with the heavy bag and heaves it onto the table open end first, scattering the glasses and plates. Halfway out of the bag slides a dead brown dog, shining in the TV floodlights. It’s some sort of retriever mutt—like Barb’s dog Einstein but darker—its fur matted, its legs stiff.
A wine glass rolls to the edge of the table, teeters for a second on the bunched tablecloth, then falls to the pavement and shatters.
The carcass comes to a rest a few feet in front of Barb, who recoils and turns away, her chair clattering behind her. She puts her hand to her eyes first, then her nose. The dog’s eyes, open but vacant, touch a white bowl of green salsa. A split second later, the smell of decay reaches me. I pinch my nose and focus my camera. Barb takes a deep breath through tight lips, then stands tall, shoulders back, fists clenched.
People at the nearby tables scatter. One cameraman wades in closer to focus on the dog. Two others back up to capture the chaos. One young woman lunges forward, then retreats, torn between getting a better view and escaping the smell.
The music cuts out in mid-sentence and I hear the whirring of the TV cameras.
Doug yanks off his gas mask and yells: “Hey, Genessee, didja’ get your award yet, best performance as a whore in a supporting role?”
He looks totally different—his newly shaved head gleams in the bright lights. He plants his feet defiantly amidst the broken wine glasses, folds his arms across his chest. Barb strides fiercely towards him, her arms pumping, her eyes narrow with rage. Kisa rushes between them, holding her arms outstretched. Barb ducks to evade Kisa’s arms then stops and crumples. Her knees wobble, her body sags. Tom Herman comes up from behind her and puts his arms under her shoulder to keep her upright, but she wriggles free and runs away from the tables, tears streaming down her cheeks, her high heels clacking on the asphalt. Kisa yanks Doug’s arm and shouts in his ear, her nostrils flared. 
I take photos as fast as my camera lets me. With the scene bathed in TV lights, I don’t need the flash. The other demonstrators pass out flyers. One carries a sign that reads: “Find out more at: ConIsCorrupt.com/Berkeley.” Behind me, a man yells, “Fuck off, you assholes. Scavenger has union jobs.” Then he tackles the one with the sign, grabbing him at the knees. They roll on the ground until someone pulls them apart.
Ginsberg, Kisa, and others herd the demonstrators out of the Re-Be yard. The cameras follow. I hear Kisa tell a reporter, “Spaulding is acting on his own. He is not speaking for Re-Be.”
Councilmember Womack is talking into a microphone and gesturing towards the table with the dead dog on it, lying amidst the cutlery and dessert plates. Sykes, her aide, stands by her side, straightening his bow tie.
Inside the front gate, one of the protesters, a colorful burnout known as Jimmy the Scrap Metal Guy, has taken off his mask and is delivering his rant to the cameras. “Yeah, you know, uh, the big garbage companies, they been fighting recycling for years, now they want to take over. They want it all, you know, don’t want no mom-and-pop outfits. It’s stupid. They got the big net, us little guys, we get what falls out. Yeah, you know, the scraps.”
I peek into the hut, thinking Barb might be in there, but it’s empty. I race out the gate and see her down the street, sitting in her car with her hands on the steering wheel, the motor running. When she sees me, she backs into the intersection, makes a U-turn, then lurches off towards the freeway. I chase her waving my arms, but she doesn’t slow down.
I walk back to the banquet scene slowly, and by now, the dog has been wrapped in a tablecloth, rolled into a makeshift cardboard box, and left at the gate, where the animal shelter will pick it up in the morning.
I change into shorts and sandals to help with cleanup. I like to volunteer for cleanups—there’s usually something pleasing about the tired, but wired post-event ambiance. Event organizers are disproportionately appreciative of those who hang around afterwards for the unglamorous tasks. But tonight, the balmy weather and surplus of beer don’t lighten the somber mood. The dulcet murmur of crickets, usually soothing, sounds sinister.
Shannon asks me to pile the rental chairs in her truck. I take eight trips, the metal of the folding chairs refreshingly cool against my arms.
The sky is dark now, but not black enough for stars. Re-Be’s bright perimeter lights cast long shadows. The crew dismantling the stage is in the middle of a heated conversation.
“I’m not going to play the heavy,” Ginsberg is saying. “That’s not the job of the board. You say you know how to run programs as a collective, fine, I’ll grant you that, but you can’t deal with messes like this. Too sticky. You have a boss, the boss plays the heavy. That’s—”
“We get the point,” interrupts Shannon, halfway under the stage with a wrench, “but you—”
“Let me finish,” says Ginsberg. “You’re opposed to a hierarchy, so what happens? Who plays the boss? The board? Me? I have a full-time job. I have a family. I have a finite amount of time. I want someone on staff, who’s here every day, to play that role.”
“So to make your point,” says Shannon, “you’re going to sit on the sidelines while we destroy ourselves from within just so—”
“Hey, he didn’t say that,” says Kisa. “He—”
Shannon turns and snarls at Kisa, who’s also kneeling under the stage, a cordless drill in her hand. “Kisa, you might want to stay out of this. We all know you’re itching to become the boss, you—”
“You don’t know what I want,” says Kisa. She sighs, but it’s so overstated, I feel embarrassed for her.
“You’re not fooling anyone with your coy attitude,” says Shannon. “You don’t think everyone knows you want to be ED? You do, don’t you?” Shannon starts off enraged, but sounds more sympathetic with her question. In the shadows, Shannon, with her short blond hair and slight frame, looks like a twelve-year-old boy, with a voice to match.
Kisa pauses with the drill a few inches from a bolt. The crickets keep up their racket and the freeway hums. I’ve seen plenty of conflict at Re-Be, but never between Shannon and Kisa. I thought they were tight.
“Okay, I want it,” says Kisa, her voice slow and measured. “Part of me does anyway. Now can I fire up the drill?”
Ginsberg has stayed silent through this, but he slips in the last word before the drilling.
“I’m not saying it will be a picnic to fire him. It will be brutal and I’m willing to do it. But if we had a hierarchy in place, it might not have come to this.”
The drill squeals. I snap a photo of Ginsberg standing with a pile of hex nuts nestled in his cupped palms, looking down at Kisa as she loosens another bolt, his eyes much more those of the worried dad than the lustful swain.
I stay with Kisa after everyone else leaves. The platforms and tabletops are loaded into the back of Shannon’s pickup truck, the chairs all folded, dish racks stacked. Kisa promised to talk to me afterwards for my story and show me how to run the forklift. 
The air smells musty. The odor of the dead dog is gone, but the image of it splayed on the table, half out of the plastic bag, lingers.
Kisa and I drink beer in silence. I sit behind the steering wheel of the forklift. She’s a few feet from me on a bale of newsprint. Beer never tasted so good. It soothes my throat and my frayed nerves. I drank several earlier, but was running around and hardly tasted them.
“You up for talking?” I ask.
“I might say something I regret.”
“Okay,” I say. “Nothing for publication. I promise.”
“You promise?”
“Here’s what I promise. Anything you say tonight that I’d like to use, I’ll come back to you and ask specifically if I can use it. If you say no, I’ll respect that.”
She finishes her beer and opens another one. She tosses the empty bottle underhand into a big blue bin a few feet away. It lands with a light plink, but doesn’t shatter. She leans forward and speaks softly.
“Shannon and I put months of effort into this event. We were so damn proud of how it came together. We had the TV cameras, the weather was perfect, everybody looked so elegant. Just two hours ago, I was thinking about how lucky I am to actually get paid for doing stuff I love. That feeling’s gone. Doug is like a reverse King Midas—he poisons everything he touches. I’d like to poison him is what I’d like to do. At least Barb’s award was the last of the night.”
She takes her glasses off and rubs her eyes. She’s changed into a loose-fitting baby blue smock-dress with big black buttons and just below the neckline is the word “tolerance” in small white lower-case letters. Her fatigue and vulnerability gives her face more personality. She looks better than when she was dolled up. With her curly hair unpinned and her glasses on, she looks like an intense young art student after a long night attacking a canvas.
“Unless we prove otherwise to the board, they’re going to force an ED on us. You remember Shannon’s line—the best thing about working in a collective was not having a boss, but it’s also the worst thing. I really am trying to make things work. We all are. Most of us anyway. Losing Barb is huge, but she’s still helping. She was here a few days ago, though she doesn’t want anyone to know. She feels guilty about leaving us in the lurch.” Her shoulders slump. “As if this executive director stuff matters. We could be evicted any day now. I could—“
“Tell me more about the eviction. Any day now? Really?”
“It’s a game of chicken. We’re three months behind in the rent, but the city is holding up something like five months worth of reimbursements for curbside. They say we haven’t submitted proper documentation. We’ve already borrowed from somewhere to make payroll, but I shouldn’t be telling you that. Anyway, Doug, lunatic Doug, our revolutionary hero—he says it’s an empty threat, that the city would look foolish evicting us when they owe us more than we owe them. I dare them, he says. Anyway, there was a deadline of October 1 for resubmitting the reports, and I got us a ten-day extension and then another one. But whatever we turn in won’t be good enough because it’s a bullshit showdown. The 20th is Tuesday. No more extensions. I guess we’re calling their bluff. Damn, I should have known Doug would pull this stunt.”
“Don’t be blaming yourself,” I say, climbing down from the seat of the forklift. I tentatively start massaging her shoulders.
“Is this okay?” I ask. I’m not exactly a massage guy, but it’s a Re-Be ritual—lots of folks giving each other back rubs. It’s one of the things that attracts me to Re-Be. Lots of touching.
“His behavior makes sense now,” she says, leaning into my hands.
“The dead dog makes sense?”
“No no, you see, first he was adamantly opposed to us hosting this thing, he said it gave the suits too much legitimacy. Then he let it go. I was so relieved, I didn’t think to question his motives. It was so unlike him. Then he stopped showing up for work. Didn’t call in sick. Just didn’t come in. Oooh, that feels good.”
She smells so feminine and soft and I have this sudden urge to reach around and cup her breast in my hand or lift up her curly mop of hair and kiss her salty neck.
Instant argument in my head:
“She cute, smart. Barb said to find someone else.”
“Yeah, but she’s tired, discouraged. She’s opening up to you because you’re listening, not because she wants you to fuck her. And doesn’t she have something going with Ginsberg?”
“Don’t by shy, shithead. How would she know I was interested if I don’t let her know?”
“But are you interested? It’s Barb you want. Playing Barb’s role here at Re-Be is one thing. She’s not going to take Barb’s place in your heart.”
Kisa hangs her head back and rests it on my forehead. She smells of vanilla.
“Maybe it’s time for me to bail,” she says. “It’s too emotionally exhausting. I was so looking forward to tonight. Press harder right below my neck. Can you feel the knot?”
As I press my thumbs into her upper back, a truck pulls into the front entrance.
“It’s Doug,” whispers Kisa. She sits down on the bale loaded on the forklift tines and crosses her ankles. “Let’s sit tight.”
I climb quietly back into the forklift seat, worn and torn and held together with peeling duct tape that tickles my legs.
Doug jumps down from his truck, then struts into the hut. He flicks on the light switch, then comes out a minute later with several manila folders under his arm. He spots us as he climbs into his truck. 
He strolls over, surprising me again with how different he looks without his hair. He’s changed from the yellow hazmat suit into black jeans and a white t-shirt. His face is in shadow, but in the perimeter lights, I can see his teeth.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” he says. It’s not a question.
“I work here, Doug,” says Kisa, “and I am happy to inform you, you don’t. You’re fired.”
“Oh, I’m scared now. And who put you in charge?”
“We had an emergency meeting tonight and decided that it’s time for you to go.”
“I don’t think so.”
“Doug, you ruined our awards banquet. You disappeared for a week. Why do you even want to work here?”
“I can see it now. You blame it all on me. You apologize to the corporate criminal. Hunter, you getting this down? ‘Re-Be sells out, proffers its ass to Con on a platter.’ You’ll be out of a job too, sister.”
“I am not your sister.” Kisa speaks firmly and with restraint, but I hear the alarm bubbling inside her. “If you think we won’t—”
“Kisa, he’s baiting you,” I say. “You can’t win unless you don’t play.”
“Hunter checks in with a devastatingly insightful comment—”
“Doug, I’m not with you on this. No one is. You were cruel—”
“Brian,” Kisa interrupts me and gives me a look. Oh yeah, practice what I preach.
But Doug’s not finished. “Hey Hunter, you see Barb tonight? She looked pretty hot, don’t you think?”
I squeeze the forklift steering wheel with my hands.
“You move on her yet? She’s got to be horny and ravenous by now—she probably hasn’t been fucked in months. You know, now that I think about it, she’d be too much for you. Too huge an appetite.”
I swallow. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Kisa clasping her hands tightly, pressing her thumbs together. In the distance, I hear the rumble of a train approaching.
“Well, I’m glad we had this talk.” Doug folds his hands like a preacher, then saunters back to his truck and climbs in. I take a deep breath and hold it until his taillights disappear on the other side of the gate.


Chapter 9: Body in Bale
A black-tie awards dinner at a Berkeley recycling facility erupted in violence this evening as a group of hazmat-suited protesters interrupted the festivities by attacking an award winner with a dead labrador retriever in a black plastic bag. We’ll be back with live footage after this.
—KRON-TV, October 17, 1998
[Wednesday. October 21. 9 a.m.]
The Berkeley I live in is a far cry from the mythical “People’s Republic of Berzerkley”—that wacky trapped-in-the-60s city that the mainstream media loves to trivialize. Of course, many of the social trends once ridiculed in Berkeley are now civic virtues coast to coast, right up there with being on the PTA. Like recycling.
Certainly Berkeley is unique. There are undoubtedly more vegetarian bicyclists, Jewish lesbians, disabled activists, communist poets, patent lawyers in Celtic bands, and philosopher/general contractors than in your average city in Ohio. And how many Berkeleyans have been arrested for civil disobedience? Arguably thousands.
But pick one of Berkeley’s 110,000 denizens at random, and chances are he or she climbs out of bed in the morning, works a full-time job, then comes home to eat dinner and zone out in front of the idiot box. Different, but also the same.
And the local TV news, well, what’s the word I’m looking for? Awful, that’s it. We’ve got your usual crime stories and “how news promos can be hazardous to your health, tune in at 11” coverage. When Re-Be introduced the Recycle-and-Win program that Barb was given the award for, one station gave it a condescending and cutesy only-in-Berkeley treatment, a minute at the end of the newscast. “Gotta love Berkeley,” the blow-dried anchor chuckled afterwards. And the Consolidated Scavenger versus Re-Be battle that I’ve been writing about hasn’t received a second of airtime.
Until Saturday night.
Every news report I catch gives heavy play to the awards protest, specifically the clip of Doug heaving the dead dog and Barb running off.
The cameras caught Barb in a closeup as she broke down. That sequence has played so many times, it wouldn’t shock me to see some station run it in slow motion with play-by-play commentary: “Here, the dog slides onto the table amidst the dessert plates. Barb Genessee turns away, steels herself, and gets ready to charge Spaulding. There’s teammate Kisa Bettis running interference, setting up for the block. But wait, Genessee’s knees are buckling, she’s about to collapse. Here come the tears. She’s running away, she can’t take the pressure. Now let’s look at it from the reverse angle.”
In their wildest dreams, Shannon and Kisa couldn’t have imagined this much coverage. Of course the awards themselves and the black ties and the tabletops on bales of newsprint serve as no more than colorful backdrops to Doug’s toxic protest.
By Tuesday, the aftershocks have subsided, but Doug is still AWOL and Barb isn’t returning my calls.
In all the coverage, Barb is clearly portrayed as the victim and Doug the heartless aggressor, but the footage is so intimate and humiliating it’s no wonder Barb has cloistered herself. The video clip makes my 200-word Barb-Doug fight sequence in the Beat look tame. Except now they’re linked. I see Barb’s concern more clearly now. She and Doug were together for ten years and his villainy rubs off on her. Fair or not, she’s somehow an accomplice.
I try to reach Doug Sunday. He’s been officially terminated, but if his unwillingness to accept Barb leaving him is any harbinger, everyone expects he’ll fight furiously to keep his job. That has everyone at Re-Be on edge.
Turns out no one knows where he lives. Until he stopped showing up for work, Doug was at Re-Be all the time, even many evenings and weekends. When Barb booted him from their house, he house-sat in the Oakland hills for a former Re-Be board member, but no one knows where he went from there.
I leave him two messages at work, try him on e-mail as well. I also send him an e-mail from my studio neighbor’s account, with a return receipt attached so I might fool him into opening it. He doesn’t.
I send a note to Doug’s box at the West Berkeley Post Office. Tuesday morning, there’s mail in the box, by late afternoon it’s gone. I don’t have the patience to lurk by the post office all day.
I check my e-mail Tuesday night before I go to sleep, and there’s one from Doug, sent late afternoon: “Check out Re-Be ASAP. Word on the street: more rat-fucking on its way.”
When I arrive at the Re-Be yard early Wednesday morning, I don’t see anyone outside, except some guy I don’t recognize over at the buyback scales. I peek in the hut. It’s empty, so I drift over to Doug’s desk, which is uncharacteristically neat. On the right side of the desk a single stack of file folders and papers is piled four inches high. The top sheet, under an unwashed “Recyclers Do It Over and Over Again” coffee mug, is a things-to-do list with about twenty items. When I click on the desk lamp, nothing happens, but the sun is bright enough I can read the page when I lift it up. “Call Rodriguez at BPD for poacher data,” says the first item, then comes, “Check with S&S re: rerouting on Shasta.”
The top of the page is neatly printed, in block letters, all caps. As I skim down, the printing deteriorates and it’s mostly scrawled in Doug’s tiny, tight handwriting.
I open the top right drawer, see a yellow ruled pad. The door hinges squeak.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
I whip around. It’s Renée, who does outreach for Re-Be’s job-training program.
“Huh? Oh, hi Renée, I didn’t hear you come in. I missed you at the awards banquet.”
Renée is tall and striking with long legs and short straight blond hair. She has a clump of earrings in one ear. She strides toward me with her chin held high, as if to say, “Yeah, I look good, but don’t get any ideas.”
“Out,” she says. “Get out.”
“You don’t understand,” I say, “Doug sent me this e-mail, urging me to come by—“
She glares at me, her eyes unblinking.
“I don’t get it,” I say. “Doug hasn’t shown up for more than a week. I know you’re trying to fire him, but how can you fire him if you can’t find him? I mean, aren’t you concerned about where he is? I don’t mean you personally, but—”
“You’re right, I don’t care personally. Let him stay missing, but I do care that you leave.”
“You’re not speaking for the collective,” I say. “I’m sure it’s okay with Kisa.” I’m not sure, but even though I don’t fully grasp the rules at Re-Be, I know that one person is rarely empowered to speak for the group without a tacit agreement to that effect. Never stops Doug, of course.
But then Kisa rushes into hut trailed by Shannon and Ray. “You know how the fax wasn’t working,” she says to Renée, “Bunch of electrical wires got cut. Over by the circuit box.”
They race back across the yard, and I follow them, but first I slip the yellow pad from Doug’s drawer into my pack.
Kisa jogs ahead, carrying her laptop like a football. On a wooden post behind the scales, four fat wires dangle from the bottom of a rusty metal electrical box. Freshly cut, the copper wires inside the plastic sheathing are still shiny. Two red, two black. Kisa leans closer, her hands clasped behind her back, her nose a few inches from the wires.
“Easy enough to fix, I suppose,” she says, “but we better call the police.”
Then it gets crazier. We’re walking back towards the hut, when Miguel strides towards us, his long-limbed body pumping, his jaw taut. Apparently, several reporters have called asking for Re-Be’s reaction to some Consolidated Scavenger takeover memo. One from KCBS, another from the Contra Costa Times. Kisa suggests an emergency meeting.
“Sounds like Doug’s takeover conspiracy is coming down,” says Shannon. “But he was the only one who was following this closely.”
“Actually, I’ve been covering all this recycling wars stuff,” I say, “I could—”
But Renée thrusts her palm in my face like a cop stopping traffic. “You—Brian—are not invited.”
“Look,” I say, “I’ve been writing about this for two months now. If KCBS has this takeover memo, what I write isn’t going to matter that much—”
Kisa interrupts. “Brian, Renée doesn’t want you at the meeting.”
“But I—”
“And I agree with her.”
They convene in the hut. I turn a bucket over, and sit on it. It’s too hot. I move it into the shade. I hate waiting.
I pull out the pad I took from Doug’s desk. The notes on the top of the first page are in blue.

POACHERS + MAP + ENFORCER (?) = LESS POACHING IN OAKLAND, 
MORE IN BERKELEY. CREDIBILITY? MONEY?

ENFORCER = OLD OAKLAND DISPOSAL THUGS? OMBUDSMAN? JONO RETIRED?
WHERE DO NFBs FIT IN? WHAT ABOUT PLANS FOR RE-BE PARCEL?

Below are a couple lines in black. 

RAT-FUCKING: JULIAN? >> ENFORCER >> KNOW-NOTHING THUGS?
(COULD JIMMY BE PLAYING BOTH SIDES?)

The next several pages are ripped out. I see the imprints of writing on the next blank page—Doug pressed hard on his pen. I try to decipher them. Can’t.
Despite interviewing dozens of people and researching far more than my $200-a-story job can justify, I feel like there’s a deeper, darker story going on underneath that I’m missing. I only see its shadow. Maybe it’s just a delusion hatched from Doug’s paranoia, but I don’t think so. Doug seems intent on destroying Re-Be in the guise of saving it, but that doesn’t mean he isn’t onto something.
Okay, the wires got cut. How did the intruder get in? I walk along the fence, look up at the top, maybe there’s another scrap of fabric speared on the shards of glass. Rabbit has roused himself and he follows me around several stacks of bales. I heard on the radio this morning that the longshore workers called a strike and I wonder if that’s why there are so many bales in the yard. Re-Be sells a big fraction of its aluminum and paper to Korea and China.
I’m restless and impatient, but I order myself to go slow, and pay attention! The sun keeps getting hotter. Every few steps I stop and look around, trying to see this familiar recycling yard with fresh eyes, as if I have parachuted into a foreign country. I look for the telling detail I can use in my story, push myself to “see.”
That’s when I notice the flies buzzing around a bale of aluminum, and, when I walk closer, an inch of black shoelace hanging from the edge of the bale. Rabbit approaches the bale, sniffs, then barks. I swipe at the flies and tug on the lace. A flattened Pepsi can clatters onto the ground. Behind the can I see a tiny patch of black, the size of a quarter. I touch it with my finger. It’s not aluminum. It’s softer, warmer, more like plastic or rubber, like the tread of a tire, the sole of a shoe.
No one is in sight. Rabbit has lost interest—he’s licking the pavement.
I find a brick by the fence and hammer it on the side of the bale. Several more cans loosen and fall. I probe with two fingers. Now I can see the tread of a boot.
I hammer several more times with the brick, the sharp corners digging into my palm, then pry away a few more flattened cans with my fingertips. I used to have calluses when I played the guitar, but my fingertips feel soft and tender. This could take all day.
I poke my nose into the cavity and sniff. Just the usual sticky sweet soda smell.
I need something more efficient than a brick and my uncalloused fingertips. I run over to the nearby shed and search the closets. Nothing. I find a white plastic bucket and swing it against the side of the bale. The bucket cracks. I grab the brick with both hands and strike the cans with a downward motion, and enough cans fall off that a heel becomes visible. Inside a dirty yellow hexagon is the letter “R” in a black slab serif.
I run to the hut and knock on the door.
Kisa answers.
I tell her I found a boot in a bale. “This might be nothing, but you know, with the wires cut and everything, I think it might be more than nothing.”
We walk, then run across the yard. Just Kisa and me. When we get to the bale, she pulls a utility knife from her belt, opens a screwdriver blade, and wiggles it under the heel. A few more cans shake loose, but the boot doesn’t budge.
“We should wait for the police,” she says. And swallows. “Miguel called them about the cut wires.”
I know we’re thinking the same thing.
“Should we tell the others?” I ask.
“No, let’s wait until the police take a look.”
But she changes her mind, because after she returns to the hut, everyone else rushes out. But they don’t know where to go. There are bales all over the yard.
“The police should be here any minute now,” says Kisa. “Let’s just wait here, by the hut.”
“What, are you nuts?” says Renée. “We’re supposed to stand around and make small talk. Brian, where is it?”
I start to point, then stop at the sound of tires scrunching down the driveway into the yard. A black and white Berkeley police cruiser rolls into view.
I remember I have my camera in my pack. I take a shot of Kisa and Shannon talking with the two officers who get out of the car, a beefy young white guy with short red hair and a thin Asian woman closer to my age, with short black hair and glasses with black frames, the Laurel to her partner’s Hardy.
Kisa leads them first to the buyback area to show them the cut wires. It’s on the way. She has to convince them to not linger there but to follow her to the bale. “We saw a boot stuck in there and we’re afraid there might be a foot inside it.” That gets the officers moving.
Everyone crowds around the bale and the stocky officer waves his arm to keep us back. I take one picture, then realize I only have five or six left, so I stop.
“I’ve got a crowbar and some hammers here,” says Shannon, who has run back to join us. “And we can lift the top two bales off if you like.”
Kisa drives the bale clamp in, lifts the two top bales, and places them a few feet away. She moves the adjacent stacks so the bale with the boot stands alone on top of a stack of three. At eye level. Please no, I’m telling myself. I want to be wrong about this.
My stomach gurgles. A crow caws. Sweat drizzles down my back.
The beefy cop snips the wire strap around the bale, then wedges the crowbar below the heel of the boot and pulls it towards him, opening up the cavity. I stand behind Renée and two others on my tiptoes, but the officer, built like a linebacker, blocks my view. Then he pries to the right of the boot and dozens of cans clatter to the ground. I hear the voices in front of me gasp in harmony.
I crane my neck and catch a glimpse of a red sock sticking out of the top of the boot and the bottom of a pair of white pants.
“Back up everyone, please,” the officer says. “This is now a crime scene.”
The policewoman nudges us back and speaks into the radio on her shoulder. Then she goes to the car and pulls out a roll of yellow do-not-cross tape and marks off the area around the bales.
Two plainclothes officers, both middle-aged black men with mustaches, arrive a few minutes later, confer with the two uniformed officers, who then expand the cordoned-off area so we’re the width of a basketball court from the stack of bales. Through my telephoto lens, I watch them don plastic gloves and cut a hole in the sock with metal clippers, revealing a patch of gray-pink that I assume is an ankle. Two more uniformed officers arrive with suitcases.
It takes about ten minutes—five in conference, then another five with the crowbar, hammer, and cutters—before they break the block open and Doug’s body tumbles out. I snap my last two pictures. 


Chapter 10: Recycle or Die
“When recycling re-emerged in the 1970s,” says Re-Be’s Spaulding, “the organized crime cartels that were hauling trash just slapped a coat of green paint and some recycling logos on their trucks and carried on with business as usual.”
—Brian Hunter, “The End of Garbage,” East Bay Beat, October 21, 1998

[Wednesday. October 21. 11:00 a.m.]
I can’t see his face, but I know it’s Doug because of his long gangly limbs, which sprawl on the pavement when he falls from the bale, and his oil-stained “Recycle or Die” T-shirt. And the shaved head. 
And because I knew already. 
I inhale through my nose and I think I detect a hint of decay, then realize it’s the rich earthy bouquet from the compost facility on the far side of yard. I don’t see any blood, though the back of his head looks purplish. 
I’ve never seen a dead body before. 
For a few moments, it feels like someone has pressed the mute button and the yard is silent. In Aquatic Park on the other side of the railroad tracks, children are whooping in play. A motorcycle squeals. A police siren gets louder. 
Police officers with gloves, clipboards, and cameras surround the body. One mumbles into a radio on his shoulder. The rest of us strain behind the yellow tape, leaning forward. Next to me, Kisa gulps, removes her glasses, and rubs her eyes. Miguel makes a small sign of the cross with his index finger and mutters under his breath. The sun, directly overhead, sizzles. 
One of the plainclothes detectives approaches us. He pauses before he speaks.
“Any of you know who this person is?” he asks.
Lots of nods. 
“I’d like one of you to come with me and make an official identification. Is someone in charge?”
Kisa looks to Shannon, then Miguel. “Can two of us do it?” she asks. 
The detective shrugs, lifts the yellow tape and Kisa and Shannon duck under and follow him to the body. 
Miguel, half a foot taller than me and looking over my shoulder, lets out a low whistle. “The poor bastard,” he says.
Kisa and Shannon walk around the body, keeping their distance. Kisa points towards us. 
A few minutes later, another police officer introduces himself to me as Roberto Puma. Asks me how I found the body. He’s lean and wiry, the same build as me, but older, darker.
I ask if I can get something to drink first. “My throat’s really dry.” We walk to the portable where I fill a mug with water from the sink. “Do you want some water too?” I ask.
“No,” he says. Then he wipes his forehead. “Actually yes, it’s a scorcher out there.” 
We sit on folding chairs in a corner of the trailer next to a table piled high with books and papers. On the wall are maps of Berkeley with pins and flags and post-it notes with numbers written on them.
“My first thought about the flies,” I tell him, “was that maybe a rat or possum had been trapped. A couple weeks ago someone here found a nest of baby possums in a corner of the baling shed. But then I saw the shoelace.”
“You knew Doug Spaulding?”
“I did.”
“And at what point did you think that it might be him inside the bale?”
“Well, there’s been a lot of tension around here lately, and Doug was just fired, and he hadn’t returned my phone calls, so I guess the possibility was there pretty quickly.”
He asks me about the firing and I tell him about the dead dog at the awards dinner, which he’s heard about.
“So the guy who threw the dog, that was Spaulding?”
“Right.”
He asks a few more questions, stopping after each to write. I can hear the clock tick. I start biting my nails. But I stop after one. He writes left-handed, and slowly. He asks me to read and sign a statement that recounts what I’ve just told him. I mention that I’ve been writing newspaper stories about a conflict between Recycle Berkeley and Consolidated Scavenger and that maybe this death is related. “I can get you copies of my story. It would give you a head start on the background.”
“We’re always looking for information,” he says. I give him copies of my two most recent stories and he sticks them in a folder without looking at them. Then we’re back out in the blazing sun. 
The body’s been moved. I walk towards the hut slowly, tentatively, assuming that others are gathered there, but not sure if I’ll be allowed to join them. I see Shannon shake hands with two police officers outside the baling warehouse and I wait for her.  
“How you holding up?” I ask.
“Not so hot,” she says. “I showed them how the baler worked. They wanted to know if someone could accidentally fall in.”
I follow Shannon into the hut. I decide not to tell her that someone could fall in, that I had, though it wasn’t exactly accidental. 
Inside, I spot Barb, across the crowded room, leaning forward with statue-like stillness, resting her chin on her hands. How did she get here so fast? I guess if there’s no traffic, it’s only ten minutes from downtown Oakland. 
Though she’s sitting by her former desk, she looks out of place in her business suit and black-rimmed glasses. Shannon goes over and hugs her. I want to, but my feet won’t take me there. I hang back, sit on a file cabinet. I don’t want to call attention to myself. Don’t want anyone to ask me to leave. 
Shannon explains that the police wanted to know how many people could operate the baler and there were so many she couldn’t remember them all. Re-Be hosted several open houses over the years and invited guests to run some of the equipment and the baler was second in popularity behind the forklift. Barb’s idea. Just about every city council member climbed into the “cockpit” and pushed a few buttons. I did too.
When she finishes, no one says anything. 
Renée rushes in to fill the void. 
“I feel terrible about this,” she says, “especially since the last couple of times I’ve connected with Doug have been so yucky. He was being mean and snarly, I mean, it feels like that there’s all this unfinished business with him and now, I don’t know—”
“Hey girl, you’re not the only one,” says Shannon. “I called him some nasty names after the stunt with the dog.”
Kisa jumps up and looks at Renée, then Shannon. “Do you hear yourselves?” she asks, her arms lifted in a “what kind of bullshit is this” gesture. “This is not about you! So what if you had a fight with him? We’re supposed to feel bad for you? You never even liked him.” She starts out talking to both Shannon and Renée, but directs that last sentence to Renée. 
“If anyone should—” then Kisa stops abruptly. But not before she’s rotated her head ever so slightly towards Barb and carried the rest of the room with her.  
All eyes turn towards Barb, then, almost as quickly, all turn away. No one is looking at her directly.
The refrigerator in the corner growls. 
Barb’s face is ashen, her body slack. Even in the crowded hut, it seems like everyone is giving her extra personal space. 
If the eyes are the windows to the soul, Barb has drawn the curtains. She’s clutching her knees to her chest and staring into space. I’ve been trying, unsuccessfully, to make eye contact with her. Kisa and Shannon sit together, shoulders almost touching, heads down. Ray, longtime Re-Be staffer, is sketching on a clipboard. 
Everyone seems to be moving at half speed, as if underwater, speaking deliberately, pausing between words, looking at each other. Interrupting is the norm at Re-Be, so the politeness is eerie, the way the freeway is when it’s empty on Super Bowl Sunday. The silences get longer.
So when we hear footsteps and muffled voices coming towards the hut, we eagerly turn towards the door. David Ginsberg and fellow board member Mitchell Yong carry in pizzas, sourdough baguettes, and bottles of wine and mineral water. Jenny, Miguel’s wife, arrives a few minutes later with a basket of cantaloupes and mangos.
We descend on the food. There’s a lot of talk about how perfectly ripe the fruit is. The bubbly water calms my stomach. I’m surprised how good it feels to grip the cool glass bottle. 
Pretty soon, there are twenty-five of us jammed in the hut, sitting on desks, leaning against file cabinets. The ceiling fan keeps it cool, but does little to dissipate the smell of too many warm bodies in too small a space. The phones, which were unplugged earlier, now ring incessantly.  
I’ve seen far too much contention and chaos to romanticize Re-Be, but in the darkness of that impossibly bright and blazing afternoon, everyone seems to have dropped their personal agendas as easily as unbuttoning their shirts. For at least a few minutes, the potential for community that Re-Be so often fails to realize blossoms. The food helps. I don’t feel like an intruder. I feel like part of the family. 
The hut’s thick bale walls insulate us from the heat, and it feels like we’re in a secret clubhouse in the bosom of a cool leafy tree. Light from the picture window and six tube skylights floods the room. 
One of the uniformed officers, a tall and wiry black woman with short reddish hair, knocks on the open hut door and asks for our attention. She introduces herself as Marion Falls, and speaks in a low rich voice that could easily be mistaken for a man’s.
“We’ve talked to some of you already, but we’d like to talk to all of you. However, we’re going to need to close the facility here, temporarily. The entire facility is now a crime scene. We’ve received permission to search the premises for potential evidence, so we’re going to adjourn to our police bus substation parked outside the gate and we’d like to conduct more interviews there. As you leave, I’d like to get your name and your connection to Recycle Berkeley or Mr. Spaulding. No one here is under suspicion, but we need your help. At this point, you know more about the victim than we do.”
Barb rises slowly, stiffly. As she approaches the door, I step in front of her and give her the hug I wanted to give her earlier. “I’ve been thinking about you,” I whisper. She wraps her arms around me and pulls tight, but lets go almost instantly. She looks at me solidly in the eyes, her face solemn. I think I see a glimmer of connection—I’m not just a stranger—but it might only be what I want to see. Then she lifts her shoulders and walks past me, her stride firm and purposeful. 
Miguel has blocked the door and is demanding to know who’s given the police permission to search the yard. Apparently, the police do not have a warrant.
Falls looks at her clipboard. 
“We have a ‘consent to search’ form here signed by a Mr. David Ginsberg, Recycle Berkeley board of directors president, and witnessed by Shannon Goss and Kisa Bettis, executed 1:45 p.m.”
“But wait, who gave them the right—?”
But before Miguel finishes, a TV cameraman and reporter rush through the door of the hut. 
They’re looking for me. 
Over the next hour or two, I repeat my story about finding the boot in the bale six or seven times. I’ve got a pretty polished story by the time I’m finished and I manage to implicate Consolidated Scavenger without making any unsubstantiated claims: “With all the noise Doug Spaulding was making about Scavenger’s plans to take over Re-Be, I would think his murder might be connected. I assume the police are looking into that.”
It’s exhilarating, but exhausting. My throat’s scratchy, my face burned—from the TV lights as much as from the sun. 
In front of the police bus outside the Re-Be gates, Daria Reeves, the Chronicle reporter, asks me if I have photographs of the body and she practically leaps into my arms when I say I do. 
Fortunately, one of my bookkeeping clients is a struggling young photographer who prefers to pay in services. I find her at home, in her loft a couple of blocks from Re-Be, and after the briefest of pleasantries and an explanation, she grabs my camera and says, “I’ll have the first scans in your e-mail box in half an hour, how’s that for right away?”
I reach the photo editor at the Chronicle, tell her Daria Reeves has referred me, that I have shots no one else has. I have no idea what the going rate for photos is—I’m about to ask for $250 when I get a sudden case of confidence and tell her $500. “Let me see what you’ve got,” she says. She doesn’t shriek about my price.
The first photo that comes in over e-mail is my last shot—Doug’s body crumpled on the pavement in front of the bale. But the next scan, which shows the boot poking out of the bale, framed by two officers wielding crowbars, is far more chilling. I forward them both to the Chronicle photo editor, say more are coming. She calls me almost immediately and says how about $600 for the two of them. I hesitate before saying yes. .
Then I bicycle to the Berkeley police station downtown. Puma, the detective I talked to earlier, asked me if he could talk with me more later and I agreed to come up. The entrance to the station is like a fortress—I’m buzzed through two doors before I get to the receptionist, then a few minutes later, Puma comes out a steel door and beckons to me to follow him.
We sit in small conference room with a window that opens into an airshaft. The air smells stale. A young blond man with a neatly trimmed goatee joins us. I didn’t see him at Re-Be in the morning. He slips into a chair next to Puma, across from me, and opens up a spiral notebook. 
“Officer Wallace here is going to take notes,” says Puma. He pauses. “Pretty wild day, huh?”
I nod. 
Then Puma asks some innocuous questions like my address and occupation, my relationship with Doug, and so on. Some of this I already answered in the portable earlier.
Wallace passes his partner a photocopy of my Beat story—“This Time It’s Personal”—the one Barb got so angry about. I cringe. I can tell what’s coming.
“I see that you observed Mr. Spaulding and Ms. Genessee argue at her office. Were there other times?”
“They had an argumentative relationship when they were together, and he was angry with her after they split up, but I can’t believe she would get violent.”
“Did they physically fight?”
“No, no, it was verbal sparring. They would disagree with each other at meetings, for example..”
Puma asks me about the breakup and how that played out. He’s brisk and businesslike—he doesn’t smile, just nods, pauses, then asks the next question.
“Would you characterize their relationship as abusive?”
“Wait, why are you asking all these questions about Doug and Barb? The whole Consolidated Scavenger takeover plan is far more ripe to investigate.”
“Would you characterize the relationship as abusive?”
I don’t know if Doug ever hit her—it’s not that I can’t believe he would as much as I can’t believe she would have stayed if he had—but abusive is the exact adjective I would use to describe his treatment of her.
“No,” I say. “But they disagreed a lot.”
“Are you sure you didn’t see them fight other times?”
“No, only that time in Barb’s office.” I rub my eyes. “You’ll have to excuse me. It’s been a disturbing day.”
The detective puts down his notebook and looks at me. I look down at my hands, and when I raise my head he locks onto my eyes and holds them as tightly as if he had grabbed me by my ears.
As he stares at me, a Re-Be meeting I attended when I was helping with the bookkeeping flashes through my mind. This was an earlier instance when the public works department was holding back its reimbursement payments to Re-Be, and Barb threw up her hands and said, “Well, the city wouldn’t be on our ass if Doug weren’t perpetually late with the tonnage reports.”
Doug retorted, “Thank you, Mother Theresa. We sinners look to you for guidance.” 
Barb said, “Fuck you.”
Doug said, “Oooh, the wit rises in the east.”
I was aghast, but Barb didn’t blink. Nor did anyone else. And this was before they broke up.   
Puma snaps me back to attention. “Look, Mr. Hunter, we talk to people for a living. We learn to read them. We don’t need lie detector tests like they use on TV. We use our intuition. And my intuition tells me that you’re holding onto something you’re not telling us. You’re a material witness because you found the body, but you’re not on the witness stand. You’re not a suspect. You can leave at any time. I read your stories this afternoon. You seem like the kind of person who believes in doing the right thing. You have a strong sense of morality. Maybe you’re protecting someone.”
Well, yes, I am the kind of person who believes in doing the right thing, but I’ve promised Barb I won’t write about her personal squabbles with Doug again, and the right thing is to extend that promise to talking to the police. 
I speak slowly and calmly. “I’m happy to answer your questions, but there’s a much bigger picture—I mean, Re-Be is being threatened by Consolidated Scavenger, by the Berkeley City Council, by the city public works department, and Doug was speaking out against all that stuff. The stakes are high—if Scavenger gets the Berkeley contract, and they run a few other competitors off, they’ll have a Bay Area monopoly worth tens of millions of dollars. Millions, anyway.” 
Inside the airshaft, a leaf flutters past the open window.
“What I mean is that Doug was a prickly personality. He clashed with a lot of people. He was leading the charge to expose this takeover attempt. He’s made enemies.”
Again they wait. So do I.
“Some people you have in mind?” asks Puma, quietly.
“I’m not suggesting these people would kill someone. Scavenger is a large company and I’ve only talked to a few people.”
Puma doesn’t say anything.
“I don’t feel comfortable making any accusations,” I say. 
“We’re only looking for people to talk with,” he says. 
I look past him to a wall full of photographs of old men. Puma looks at me, unwavering. 
“What if they asked who told you to talk to them?” I ask.
“We don’t answer that question,” he says.
“Okay, well, there are two men at Consolidated Scavenger that have had run-ins with Doug. Julian Allard is one. He works in Oakland. And Tom Herman, he’s a vice president. He works out in Walnut Creek. There’s also someone Doug called “the enforcer.” I don’t know his name. He’s some old-timer who’s been around since way before Con bought the company and he used to rough people up when, well, I don’t know, maybe when they didn’t pay or something. You know, in the old days, the garbage biz was allegedly hooked in with organized crime. I know it’s much cleaner than it used to be, but there’s still stuff going on, like in Ohio, there’s documented evidence that two operatives from this private security firm poured sugar into the gas tank on strikers. Whether or not they’d kill someone is another story.” 
“And Ms. Genessee works for Consolidated Scavenger?”
“Yes, that’s true,” I say, trying to mask the hesitation in my voice, “but she just started there, so she wouldn’t have any power to design a takeover.”
“Mr. Hunter, in your newspaper account, you do show Mr. Spaulding trying to make Ms. Genessee feel guilty about working for Consolidated, correct?”
He keeps circling back to the Barb-Doug conflict, and there’s this newspaper story right in front of them with the snippet from Barb’s office, and I can’t believe I convinced myself it was okay to write about it. I sure know how to win a woman’s heart.
“And your relationship to Ms. Genessee?” Puma asks.
“We’re friends.”
“No romantic attentions?”
I hesitate. 
“I like her, but we’ve never, you know, gone anywhere with that.”
He raises his eyebrows. I feel like the cliché in the movies. My lips are dry, my forehead sweaty, my underarms clammy. 
“I wouldn’t be writing about the petty squabbles she has with Doug if I was romantically interested, would I? Plus I was married until recently, until July.”
Then Wallace looks up from his notebook and speaks for the first time. 
“Detective Puma said that we’ve eliminated you as a suspect. But if you’re protecting Ms. Genessee, you’re an accessory.” 
His reproachful tone catches me by surprise. 
“Barb couldn’t have done it,” I say. “I understand the ex is always a suspect, but you don’t know Barb. She’s a peace activist. She leads nonviolence trainings. Yes, she might argue with Doug, but it’s all words. Making distinctions. Barb would say it was hot and Doug would say it was only 67 degrees, that’s not hot. I never, ever saw any indications that she would physically hurt him.”
They ask me about Doug’s relationship with other folks at Re-Be, specifically Ginsberg, Kisa, Shannon, and Miguel. I say that he infuriated everyone with his protest at the awards banquet, but I don’t know much beyond that. 
Then Wallace asks me: “And you, where were you last night?”
The same severe tone. I speak calmly, carefully.
“I was at home, at my studio, where I’ve been staying. You said I’m not a suspect. What’s going on? Was last night when he was killed?”
“And that’s just a few minutes away from the Recycle Berkeley yard?”
“Yes, but—” I pause to take a breath. “It’s four blocks.”
“So you were at home alone. What were you doing?”
“I was writing or reading. It feels like longer ago than last night. I think I was reading some printouts about this Scavenger case in Cincinnati.” I don’t bother explaining.
“Did you make any phone calls or send any e-mails?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Watch any television or listen to the radio?”
“I’m sure I had music on, but it was CDs, not the radio.”
“So no one can corroborate that you were home?”
I can feel tears welling up in my eyes, but I hold them back. I hate being sensitive like this. I feel like a baby. I prepared myself. I rehearsed what to say if they threw my past at me. I had an explanation for living in my warehouse. I hadn’t prepared to be treated like a suspect. I blink the tears away. I turn to Puma, who stares at me impassively. I don’t know if I’m more upset because of how they’re treating me or because of what they’re insinuating about Barb.
“I’m telling you the truth. I came here to help. I have no reason to hurt Doug. He had enemies out there. I was one of his friends.”
“And how did it come about,” says Wallace, who looks like he’s enjoying my discomfort, “that you showed up at the Recycle Berkeley yard at such an opportune time this morning? Pretty convenient timing, don’t you think?”
“Doug suggested I come by. Oh, yeah, I forgot the mention that. So much going on. He suggested there might be some sabotage.” Now I’m angry. “I’ve been to Re-Be many times. Mostly nothing happens.”
Wallace stares at me.
“I’m not going to answer any more questions.” I push back my chair and stand. “I came up here on my own time to provide information and you’re making me feel like I’m under suspicion. You had my goodwill. Not any more.”
“You do have a police record,” Wallace says, his tone less harsh now. “We’re looking at all the possibilities.”
“That was eight years ago. Charges dropped. An aberration. My only encounter with the police. Ever. I’ve never even gotten a moving violation.”
Now I’m on firmer ground. I remember my script. But I decide now’s the time to stop. 
When I leave, Puma gives me a card and asks me to call if I remember anything relevant. His voice is warm, as if a few seconds earlier we were sharing some pleasant banter. As he leads me out of the interview room, I stand up straight, and say, in as casual a tone as I can muster, “Oh, I have one question for you.”
We stand in the open doorway. Down a hall, I can see two women in uniform elbowing each other and laughing loudly, as if they’ve been holding their hilarity in through some solemn meeting and now it’s bursting out.
“I’ll be writing more stories about Re-Be and Consolidated Scavenger,” I say, “and obviously the murder is plopped right there in the middle of the story, and um, well, I’m going to want to find out about how the investigation is going. If I call you on Monday, can you give me an update?”
He gives me a silent and admonishing stare. 


Chapter 11: Bad Habits Die Hard
Police say death was caused by a blow to the head with a blunt instrument, probably a piece of wood, and that Mr. Spaulding was likely dead before he was crushed in the baler.
—KTVU News, October 21, 1998

[Wednesday. October 21. 7:30 p.m.]
Once while we were unloading groceries from the car on a rainy afternoon, Eileen told me that she had mistaken my unhappiness for depth. 
Ouch.
So I know Eileen is absolutely the last person in the world to look to for comfort. But bad habits die hard. 
She lives in the rented house we shared for six years, a humble bungalow with lots of windows and no insulation. Two yard signs flank the front walk: “Holden for School Board” in turquoise and orange and “Yes on EE” in lime and black.  
She answers the door, opens her arms wide, and gives me a hug. 
“B, oh God, come in. I heard the news,” she says. “Good to see you, glood to see you. You look like you could use a drink.” 
Glood, that’s a good sign. An oldie. Her young nephew used to mix up the words good and glad, and we adopted the new word for ourselves.
“Are you okay?” She touches my cheek. I pull away. I keep forgetting that she’s not angry with me, she’s just done with me—“we just didn’t have a good fit but let’s not lose sleep over it.” We’re still married in the eyes of the state of California and the county of Alameda. Not in hers.
“I hope it’s okay to stop by. I didn’t know where else to go.”
She walks into the kitchen, opening and closing her hands. She has chronic wrist pain, so she’s always doing wrist exercises. She’s short and well built and her hair is somewhere between brown and blond. Depending on how her hair is behaving and whether she wears her contacts or her thick glasses, she can look foxy or mousy. Today, she looks pretty, but weary. 
She gives me a whiskey sour in a blue glass tumbler and sits across from me at the café table in the kitchen. “Tell me what happened. I only know what I saw on TV.” 
I don’t want to start with the body falling out of the bale—that feels too melodramatic—and I don’t assume she’s read my stories, so I start at the beginning, with the recycling wars and how Doug demanded that I expose Con’s imminent takeover and impending monopoly. I’m all over the map and backwards and forwards but she’s following and I do tell her how shaken up I am by the police interrogation. “They kept asking me about whether I’d seen Barb and Doug arguing and I remembered so many arguments but I just couldn’t tell them. It felt like I would be betraying Barb and I already blew it when I wrote this story about Doug visiting her office.”
I study my thumbs, twist a napkin around them. Eileen pours me another drink.
“You like her, don’t you? Barb.”
“Yeah, I do.” I start to qualify, but then don’t.
“You’ve liked her for a long time.”
It’s not a question.
“I like her too. Though I never really respected her until she left Doug. What took her so damn long? The police are certainly going to be knocking on her door.” 
“You think she did it?” I ask.
“How would I know? But I mean, Doug tortured her practically, didn’t he?”
“Couldn’t be her. Doug tortured a lot of people.”
“Like who?”
“I feel like I’m back at the police station.”
“I bet they didn’t make you whiskey sours.”
I tell her about Herman and Julian, but when I mention the alleged organized crime connection, and how Doug was convinced that Con hired some thugs to do this rat-fucking of him specifically, like puncturing his tires, she starts rolling her eyes. 
“Let’s put it this way. Doug’s on a lot of people’s enemies list. Not just out there in the world. At Re-Be, too. Especially Kisa. And Ginsberg maybe too.”
“Hey, you know what I heard? That Doug threatened Ginsberg and accused him of being a paid infiltrator from Scavenger.”
“What do you mean, threatened?”
“He accused him of negotiating secretly with Con and when Ginsberg said that was ridiculous, Doug said if it’s true, we’ll string you up.”
“Seriously? I heard about the alleged meeting, but not the threat. Where—”
“And the story is that he did meet with Con, but the meeting was fruitless and he kept it a secret from Doug.” 
“How do you know all this?“
“It’s a small world, B. I’m helping out with Gluckman’s campaign, remember?” I know Gluckman is Ginsberg’s cousin, but I don’t know how close they are. I never see my cousins.
I tell her about Ginsberg taking me aside at the banquet, but I realize that I’ve been talking almost nonstop, and that now might be a good time to thank her for listening so patiently and ask how she is.
When I do, she leans back against the refrigerator and smiles. “Guess who called me?”
I give her a quizzical look.
“Joaquin. He asked me out.”
“My Joaquin?” He was the other singer/songwriter in the band. The one who almost burned down our warehouse. The one I almost killed with a metal folding chair to his head.
“He heard I was unattached.”
“You’re going out with him?” I say, with as much incredulousness as I can.
“No, of course not, but I was flattered he asked.”
“This is the kind of shit that drives me crazy. You know him, he’s totally irresponsible. He’s a flake. He’s—”
“I turned him down. Calm down.”
“You said you were flattered.”
“Brian, you really don’t get it, do you?” She throws up her hands. “I can already hear what you’re going to say. ‘Women don’t appreciate nice guys, they only like assholes.’ Wrong! We do prefer nice guys, but men, not babies. Joaquin told me straight out he found me attractive and wondered if I wanted to get together sometime. I can’t even imagine you saying that.”
“That’s not fair or true.”
“It may not be fair, but it’s true.”
“You’d be surprised.” But I say that under my voice, more for myself than for her. “But tell me this—and I don’t know why the hell I’m asking you—but why would a woman want to go out with Joaquin? He’s dishonest and untrustworthy. Yet he’s always getting laid.”
“It’s simple, B. He asks. Without apologizing. He leads with charm, not weakness.”
“You might call it charm, I’d call it—“ I watch her as she licks her lips after finishing off her drink. 
“You look good,” I say.
“Huh?” She wraps both hands around her empty glass, as if to keep it warm.
“I find you attractive,” I say. “Please note: I am asking you if you want to make love. Now.”
She laughs. “I didn’t mean for you to take me so literally. Besides, you haven’t finished your drink.”
I widen my eyes and give her an exaggerated lustful look. She folds her arms and looks at me askance.
“There’s thousands of bars I can get a drink in,” I say with a Humphrey Bogart lilt. “You, on the other hand, are one of a kind.” 
She studies me, then shrugs her shoulders, and takes my hand and leads me down the hallway.  
Her bedroom walls are still painted the creamy beige I slapped on shortly after we moved in. Where there used to be a photo of Eileen and me in front of Yosemite Falls, now there’s a Picasso print. One of his blue women. I’m surprised by the change, then I wonder why. 
On her bedside is a stack of books and an almost full bottle of Johnnie Walker Red. One side of the bed is covered with a pile of folded clothes, which she scoops up and drops into white tub. 
I reach behind a curtain and push up a window. The neighbor’s dog barks and rustles in the bushes. I sit on the bed next to Eileen, whose hands are folded in her lap. All of a sudden she feels like a stranger.
“How about a massage?” I ask.
“That would be lovely.” 
Sex with Eileen was pretty good when we first met, but then got awkward and complicated. She got pregnant early on, back in early 1993—when Bill Clinton first became president, during what my friend Dan calls “those heady, optimistic early hours of the Clinton administration.” 
We decided to get married, she miscarried, then we married anyway. Ironically, one of our biggest problems then became trying to get pregnant. She was monitoring her cycles, taking her temperature. We had sex on schedule. Sex became a chore. 
But she always liked massages. 
She spreads a floral sheet across the bed, then goes to her dresser to get a white plastic bottle of almond oil. She undresses and stretches out on her stomach. I start kneading her back. 
“You are getting very relaxed,” I say, rubbing oil in small circles on her neck and shoulders. “Your body feels very heavy, but not because you’re fat, he hastens to add, but because you are sinking into the welcoming arms of mother Earth. Your body is at peace. Just imagine I can keep doing this without laughing.”
Eileen has led me through guided visualizations many times, but I’ve never done one for her. I feel like I’m spouting gibberish, but she’s sighing in what seems to be pleasure, so I continue. I lean forward so my weight is on my palms and press between her shoulder blades, inhaling the sweet almond fragrance. She moans. When I finish her back, I ask her to turn over to her front. I start at her feet and move up her legs. Slowly.
I’m being pretty good about staying in the moment, but in the back of my mind, I’m worrying that I’m being untrue to Barb. But then I remind myself this is my wife. Doesn’t count. Not going anywhere. And Barb is essentially telling me to be untrue anyway.
“Your body is starting to tingle,” I whisper. “You arch your body into the light touch of my fingers. You are feeling sexy. You are a beautiful woman who loves her body and loves pleasure. Your breasts are ripe and luscious and you want Brian to kiss your nipples and he does.”
When I lean over to nibble her breasts, she raises her hand and caresses the inside of my leg. 
“I want you,” she says. She’s wet and I slide in easily.
“Mmmm,” she purrs. Our tongues dance with each other. It feels so good to be inside, I pull back so I won’t come right away, but she guides me back in, one hand on my bottom, the other on my neck. It’s so warm we’re sweating already. I lick her neck. It tastes of salt. 
It’s been so long and I don’t want this time inside to be so short, so I pull all the way out and kiss her breasts again.
“Back inside.” She pulls me to her.
“Eileen, Eileen, feels so sweet,” I say, “I want to stretch this out forever, or at least for a few more minutes.”  
I grin at her, and she smiles back, but weakly. She closes her eyes and thrusts her hips towards me. I can’t remember her hungrier. My body meets hers, joins her rhythm. I can’t pull out and I can’t hold back. With a moan and shudder, I come. 
Physically, it’s wonderful, but almost immediately the emotional equivalent of an icy blast from a high-octane air conditioner whips across my sweaty body. I look at her and she turns away.
I stroke the outside of her thigh and slowly slide around towards the inside. At first she relaxes into it, then she tightens.
“Don’t you want me to stimulate you?” I ask. “I’m happy to.”
“No,” she says. “It’s all right.”
But it’s not. I brush her fingertips with my lips. She doesn’t pull them away, but her fingers feel stiff, tense. 
“You seem distant,” I say.
“I’m frustrated.” 
Here we go again, an all-too-familiar script. And I thought I’d made some progress. “Look, I’m sorry if I came too soon for your pleasure, but I offered, I am offering to stimulate you until my hand falls off—”
“I don’t want you to apologize.” She pushes away my hand. “You’re just touching me to reassure yourself. I can feel your anxiety. It’s...palpable. You’re not doing it because you’re enjoying it or because you want to give me pleasure. It feels like duty.”
“No, it’s not duty.” I spit the words out and sit back on my heels. “Look, I haven’t been inside a woman for—well, since the last time with you. I’ve had an unbelievably discombobulating day what with the finding the body and just, what ten days ago or something, I was talking to Doug at the Re-Be yard and he got all crazy and pushed me in the baler and—well, that’s another story that I didn’t tell you, but when I got out I swear I wanted to kill him. I was thinking about that all afternoon. I saw this shovel against the wall, and it was gleaming in the sun and I swear, it if it had been within reach, I would have whacked him. You know, like with Joaquin. And then I find him dead in this bale. Why the hell do you think I did this on purpose just to diminish your pleasure?”
“B, I’m not angry. You’re just projecting your own shit on me again.”
“Well, it feels adversarial. It doesn’t have to be. It would be great if I felt you were with me instead of against me.”
“B, I’m not with you. We’re getting a divorce. I don’t know what got into me, thinking that this could work.”
She slides a second pillow under her head and folds her arms across her chest. 
“You’re just not comfortable in your body,” she adds.
She hasn’t forgotten how to push my buttons. But she’s talking about herself. I’m very much at home with my body. I walk. I bicycle. I even jump rope now and then. She’s more of a couch potato. And she never lets go during sex like Rain, my hippie girlfriend in L.A. used to. But I’m not going there. Not today.
“You and I had some good years,” I say. “I thought maybe we could still have more.” I don’t know why I say that. I don’t believe it. 
She groans. “I’m not against you, I’m just—well, I hope for your sake that you grow up and realize the world does not revolve around you. You pretend to be sensitive, but all you think about is yourself.”
“You mean that in a bad way?” I smile, but she doesn’t.
“B, I’m sorry, this was a mistake. My mistake. I’m really frustrated and really horny. Why don’t you go and write your goddamn story and get your goddamn byline and please close the door on your way out. I’d like to pleasure myself now and I would prefer to do so in private.”
“Yes, ma’am,” I say with a salute. “How could I have gotten it so wrong? The world does not revolve around my needs. It revolves around yours.” 
I stand at the open bedroom door. She turns her back to me.
“Is this how it’s going to be?” I say. “We leave this scab open, don’t talk it through. I’m rattled. This thing with Doug. We say nasty things. I’m sorry. Whether you want my apology or not.”
On the way out, I stop in the kitchen for a drink of water. I pick up my drink tumbler, squeeze my fingers around it for a few seconds, then hurl it against the wall, shattering it into dozens of pieces. A dribble of water slides to the baseboard.


Chapter 12: Stealing Bottles and Cans
“Could a rivalry between a Texas-based garbage conglomerate and a scrappy local recycling collective be linked to the grisly murder discovered yesterday morning in a Berkeley recycling facility? We’ll be back with more after this.”
—KCBS News Radio, October 22, 1998

[Thursday. October 21. 1:00 a.m.]

When I get home, I get drunk and watch myself on TV. Before I left for Eileen’s, I programmed my video and audio recorders to tape as many evening and nighttime news broadcasts as possible. Reminds me of what Dick Cavett famously said of Andy Warhol: “He has two tape recorders on at dinner. One is recording the other.”
There are some short snippets of me on most of the stations, though Exhibit A seems to be the video clip of Doug heaving the dead dog onto Barb’s table last weekend. Death occurred less than twenty-four hours before I found the shoelace, the reports say, most likely Tuesday night at Re-Be. The police found Doug’s blood on the pavement and in the baling shed, though that’s not especially significant. Traces of blood were everywhere—cuts are part of the deal when you work daily with broken glass and sharp metal. 
I forgot all about the fax/takeover memo, but it gets more airplay than I expect. One station says, “Before the body was discovered, many media outlets received a fax outlining Consolidated Scavenger’s unorthodox strategy to win the $1 million-a-year contract Re-Be has with the city of Berkeley, but the fax was revealed to be fabricated.” 
I check my fax machine and find two sheets. The top one says: 
Dear reporters and editors: 
I work for Consolidated Scavenger. I saw on the TV news the story about the demonstration against Scavenger, and the claims that we were going to take over Recycle Berkeley and swallow other smaller companies. I have come across an internal memo that may interest you. 
The attached sheet is a printout of an e-mail message from Tom Herman, the vice-president for Northern California, to three employees in our Oakland office. As has recently been alleged, it appears there really is a plan to take over Re-Be.
I can’t tell you who I am, but I urge you to investigate further. 

The second page looks like it was faxed, run over by a truck, copied, then faxed again. I have to read it carefully to decipher it.  

To: Allard, Genessee, Zellner 
Fr: Herman
Re: Re-Be, Womack

Time to rethink our plans. First, let’s back off until the heat fades. Second, muzzle Womack. She’s jumped the gun. Tell her to hold off until after she’s re-elected and the contract renewal comes up. She underestimates public sentiment for Re-Be.
Bob, call her. Push, but not too hard. The slush fund accusations, the eviction threats—too much. Wait till no one’s paying attention. And make sure Brady and Wilcox and the others like them don’t talk to reporters, like Hunter from the weekly. Don’t want to read about campaign contributions in the papers.
Barb, you’ve got to neutralize Spaulding. He’s a one-man wrecking crew. And no talking to the press. Refer everything to the media shop.
Julian, lay low on the rat-fucking. You don’t have to stop everything, but be careful, slow it down. Ramp it up after November 3. 
This spotlight on us will fade, especially if we can keep Womack quiet. We can crank it up once the elections are past.
—Tom

“Rat-fucking”—who else but Doug uses that word? But how could he have sent this? Wasn’t his body already crushed in a bale?
There’s another fax, from Consolidated Scavenger. I guess I must have bugged them enough I’m now on their press list. 
I skim a long introduction. Then:

We suspect that this memo was fabricated by Recycle Berkeley to divert attention from the fact that Recycle Berkeley is facing eviction from the city for nonpayment of rent, is under investigation for an illegal slush fund whereby taxpayer money is funnelled to allied political candidates, is unable to meet its contractual obligations to the city, and is suffering from high turnover, low morale, and staff conflict, as evidenced by the ugly disruption at the California Recycling Association awards banquet on October 17.

I play my voice mail again—reporters want to talk to me, and there’s an editor asking about my photographs. But I’m already questioning selling those two photos to the Chronicle. It doesn’t feel wrong—but it certainly feels weird. 
I need the money, so I’ll call back tomorrow.
There’s no message from Barb. I write her an email telling her I’m sorry for her loss and I apologize again for writing about the fight I witnessed with Doug. 
I’m exhausted, but can’t sleep. I watch the tapes again, find an old movie on channel 44, but can’t stop thinking about Barb. 
“One day I’m going to snap.”
I unfold my futon and tuck in the sheets and blanket, then stretch out and close my eyes. I don’t know why I bother. Despite all I’ve drunk, my mind thrashes with a thousand thoughts. Why did I publish all that personal shit between Barb and Doug? Definitely one of the things to avoid on the road to romance. Was I sabotaging myself? Was I just stupid? I mean, it was a good story—my editor and several other writers I know told me so—but it was just a goddamn story. I earned $200. Did I need the byline and money enough to blow my chance with Barb? 
I think about Doug, try to remember him before he got so crazy. A couple years ago, we got high together, sitting in the front seat of his truck after one of those tedious finance meetings when I was helping move Re-Be from the abacus to the Macintosh. Doug was softer then. This was before Barb left, before he got on the “Scavenger is Satan” path. He cared so passionately about the work. “We’re gonna reinvent this planet, Hunter, don’t let the cynics tell you otherwise. Look at our composting program. We’ve got fourth graders bringing in food waste from home to feed worms. Those kids are never going to see organics as waste again, but as dinner for the red wigglies. We’re doing it. Sure it’s slow, but we’re transforming how people think, how people live. It’s a beautiful thing.” 
I need to call someone. Who can I call at two in the morning? Who are my friends? I read in a magazine that most men spend more time maintaining their lawn than their friendships. Not me. I don’t have a lawn. Or friends. How pathetic. But why do I need to call someone? Can’t I sit with this? Handle it myself? Read a book? Breathe deep and take it one hour at a time? Distract myself until tomorrow morning? 
There’s Dan. He once called me in the middle of the night. Years ago. It’s what, five in New York? Man, he’ll be annoyed.
My sister? Yeah, I could call her, but I can’t imagine her listening. “Oh, you found a dead body, that reminds me of when Mike and I found a dead deer outside our tent, with a bullet through its skull. And then there was the time I found....”
I drink more whiskey, watch the tapes again, try to close my eyes. At three, I call Dan. It’s six in the East.
He answers.
“Dan, hi, it’s Brian. You up?”
“Barely. Water’s cooking for coffee. What’s going on? You okay?” 
“Yeah. No. I mean, I’m, well, I can’t sleep. I can’t close my eyes. I can’t even explain why. No, I can, I just can’t do it linearly. Is that a word? Linearly? I guess I’m drunk. Yesterday I found a friend of mine who was murdered. I found his body. That’s only part of it, there’s so much more, but that’s at the bottom of it all. Doug, I’ve told you about him, from Re-Be.” 
“Can’t place him. He was murdered?”
“The guy who was with Barb.”
“That’s Doug? You didn’t like him, right? Can you hold on a second?”
I pace from my futon to my desk. Four steps. If I take smaller steps, it’s six.
“I’m back,” says Dan. “It’s getting chilly here. I had to put on a bathrobe. I only have a few minutes. Got a hearing at 8:30 in Queens.”
“Hey, I’m grateful even for a minute. Really. I’m so exhausted, but my mind won’t shut down. Can I ramble here? I mean, I can’t do it any other way.”
“Be as nonlinear as you want. I’m just pouring the milk into my coffee now. Talk to me.”
“Okay, Doug is dead. You’re right, I didn’t especially like him. He was difficult. But we hung out now and then. We talked about what was important to us. We argued. But now I can’t stop thinking about Barb, and how the police seem to think she did it, and I’m in love with her, but she’s not interested, so I’ve got this idea that I can win her love by finding the real murderer, but what the hell do I know about tracking down murderers. Maybe it’s not love, maybe it’s infatuation, but we did go swimming together and we kissed so it’s not a total fantasy.” I tell him about the story I wrote that pissed Barb off and the bad sex with Eileen and the photos I took of Doug’s body, but everything comes out at the same time. Dan stops me. 
“Forget the details. Tell me why you’re so upset. What made you want to call me in the middle of the night? Where does it hurt, man?”
“Where?” I pause. “Everywhere.” 
“You found this body, he was your friend? Or he wasn’t your friend.”
“Here’s what it is, Dan, and thanks so much for asking. Doug dies, and all I can think about is myself. Eileen accused me of being self-absorbed, and I don’t think that’s fair, but it’s more on the mark that I’d care to admit. Doug was messed up, but he cared about much more than himself. How did my life get so small is what I want to know? If I died, could I fill a room with mourners? How did I get to be forty-one years old and camping out illegally in a warehouse studio, counting money for a living, my guitar gathering dust in my closet, my nights spent alone on this thin futon, and this happy family life—Eileen and me and a couple bambinos in the sandbox and a cute puppy licking up the food that falls from the high chair. What happened to that life? I didn’t get it. I don’t have anyone except you that I can call in the middle of the night. And I was scared to call you until it was dawn on the east coast and I figured you’d be up.”
“You did the right thing to call me, man. I’m honored. You’re going to be okay, but I know it doesn’t feel like that now.”
“No, it doesn’t. I feel like burrowing into a cave and sucking my thumb. Hey, did I tell you I was on TV and everything today, yesterday? For finding the body. Everyone wanted a piece of me.”
“So you had your fifteen seconds, huh?”
“I thought it was fifteen minutes,” I say.
“Seconds, minutes, it’s like a snowman. The sun comes out and it melts. Remember when I was all over the paper and the radio, when I was working on Livermore Lab stuff? Ancient history. Enjoy it while you can. Scratch that. Doesn’t sound like it’s enjoyable.” 
“This is helpful,” I say. “I feel more grounded. I’ll be okay. I’m going to let you go to work now. Thanks. I’ll tell you another time about why I’m so obsessed with Barb even though she’s trouble.”
“Ah, yes, the lure of the woman who’s trouble. Now you get to the good stuff when I’ve got to run. Let’s talk tonight. Get some sleep.”
But I can’t. I feel calmer though. My mind continues to race, but the sound is muted. I feel less claustrophobic, like I’ve taken a step back and am watching my mind from the back row of the theater. I’m reminded of what someone said about taking morphine after a grueling operation. “The pain’s still there,” she said, “but it’s not my pain.”
I lie awake listening for cars in the street. Many mornings, even half asleep, I can hear the newspapers arrive—the clanky cars with their incompetent mufflers, the fuzzy bass lines bouncing out the car windows, the slap of the papers on the pavement. 
At four-thirty, I give up. Dan’s left his flat by now, kissed his wife goodbye. He’s walking to the subway in his running shoes, his dress shoes stuffed in his briefcase, off to his familiar world of murder and plea-bargaining and autopsy statements. I make a pot of coffee so strong it’s almost undrinkable and head out to steal bottles and cans.
A couple weeks ago, Doug suggested I get up early some morning and check out the poaching scene. He said that poachers “stole” $15,000 worth of recyclable aluminum, glass, and paper every month from the Re-Be bins left on the curb. “And their take keeps getting higher and higher. That’s no accident. Con is manipulating the poachers and funnelling them to Berkeley. It’s that simple.” As if anything is simple these days.
I’ve been meaning to go out masquerading as a poacher for weeks and I have the Re-Be pickup schedule tacked to my bulletin board. The Thursday morning route is about ten blocks away. Going out into the world is invariably more colorful than relying on the phone. And with the poachers, of course, who would I call? It’s not like they have a Web page or a phone number.
I’ve stashed a shopping cart in the furnace room in the back of the warehouse and I maneuver it through the narrow corridors. I’ve donned my disguise—jeans with a hole in the seat, black boxers underneath, a stained Microsoft T-shirt from a trade show, crusty garden gloves and a St. Louis Cardinals baseball cap I’ve had since high school. I don’t know if I look the part, but I feel it. My throat is scratchy, my stomach churning with two cups of truck-driver-strength coffee, my eyes bleary. 
Once bottles and cans are placed on the curb for pickup, they legally belong to Re-Be. So when the homeless guys in their shopping carts rummage through the bins and take the aluminum and whatever else they can get a good price for, they’re technically stealing.
It’s a sticky situation for the do-gooders at Re-Be. The materials are being recycled. Only a fraction of Re-Be’s income comes from selling the collected materials, but it’s not insignificant. Working the streets with a shopping cart is a tedious and inefficient way to make a few bucks, so the people doing it clearly don’t have lots of options. The poachers are at least being industrious. Sometimes residents call the police, who pretty much ignore the poachers with shopping carts, but go after the ones driving cars or trucks.
I walk up Ninth Street, and once I cross Delaware, I start seeing the apple-green curbside bins. The shopping cart keeps veering right because one front wheel doesn’t touch the ground. I have to stop every few minutes and tilt up on the back wheels to reposition. 
The first block has already been picked clean—there’s only newspapers and mixed paper left. I head east on Virginia until I find a block no one has scavenged. About a third of the households set out bins but there aren’t many cans. After half an hour, I’ve barely covered the bottom of the cart. Already I smell of stale beer and soda.
I’m bending down over a bin when I feel a tap on my shoulder. I jump. Hovering over me, as I turn around, is this big black guy maybe fifty years old, with a scraggly white beard. 
“Hey, how’s it goin’?” I say, as nonchalantly as I can. “I’m, uh, Brian.” I’m not alert enough to lie.
“I ain’t see you before,” he says, in a soft voice. One of his eyeballs rolls around inside the white of his eye, like a marble in a funnel. He’s at least 6 foot 4 and 250 pounds. In his right hand, held partly behind his back, is a long flat piece of weathered white wood with a pointed end, like he’s pulled a picket off a fence. 
I consider running. His shoelaces are loosely tied. He doesn’t look fleet of foot. With a head start, I can surely outrun him. Down at the end of the block, I eye a couple of shopping carts. I didn’t hear them. Maybe he’s oiled the wheels. Mine squeak. What’s that piece of advice I’ve heard? If it moves and it shouldn’t, use duct tape. If it doesn’t move and it’s supposed to, use WD-40.
I stay put.
“First time in this part of town.” I say. “Used to do Oakland right near Piedmont. Got hassled too much.”
Doug told me that poachers in the Piedmont neighborhood of north Oakland have been routinely harassed and “advised” to go to Berkeley. 
“You gotta find somewhere else, guy. This here’s mine. You got a sponsor?”
He takes a step back and unscrunches his neck. I think he’s reading me right—that I’m not going to challenge him. 
“I don’t, but I can go somewhere else. How do I know what’s left? I’m new in town.”
He squints at me as if he’s trying to read the small print on a medicine bottle. “You look like you be new all total,” he says. “You sure you done this before?” 
I look up and down the street. “Just a couple times,” I say. “Mostly back east, St. Louis, when I was really broke. Like I am now.”
Without warning, he swings the picket and hits my thigh. 
“Oh shit, shit, shit! What the—man, that hurts. Why did you hit me?” Before he swung, I was nervous and measured my words, but stunned and emboldened by the pain, I yell at him fearlessly.
“You’re fucking nuts! Why the fuck did you go and do that for?” 
“You were after my shit, weren’t you?” he says.
I grit my teeth, hold my leg. Nothing’s broken. But he swung it hard on the meat of the quadricep. I look down the block at his carts. 
“No, I was not going to take your shit.” I yell. “If you weren’t totally stupid, you’d see that I was gonna do whatever you wanted me to.”
“You weren’t going to run off with my carts?”
“Run away from you, maybe, but not with your stuff.” 
“Oh.” He pauses. “But you was lying to me.”
A few blocks away, a train passing through blares its horn. The 5:30 commuter run to Sacramento. 
“Now you know not to mess with me,” he adds.
“I have to sit down.”
“Here, you want a beer.” He reaches into a frayed canvas shoulder bag, the kind I wore as a kid to deliver newspapers on my bike, and pulls out a can of Weltanschauung. My stomach is jumpy from the coffee, but I mutter thanks, and sit down on the curb. A couple of birds chatter, but otherwise it’s quiet. Early birds. Daybreak is an hour away.  
The big man folds his legs and squats beside me. “I’m Wilson,” he says. He pulls out another can, opens it, drinks.
We sit in silence for about ten seconds. The beer is warm. That surprises me, but I don’t know why. Did I think he had a cooler on his cart?
“Thanks for the beer, but it doesn’t make up for the fact that you whacked me without provocation.”
“Without provocation. Without pro-vo-ca-tion.” He draws out the word. “You were looking at my carts.” 
He reaches into his pocket, gives me a couple of crumpled dollar bills.
“Get yourself some donuts.”
“No, I can’t—” 
He pushes the bills into my palm, and closes my fingers around them. 
He guzzles his beer, tosses the can in my cart, then stands up. “Tomorrow at four in the a.m., meet me here,” he says, pointing to his carts. “I’ll be your sponsor, get you started.”
“Started?” I ask, staring at him, trying to look tough and skeptical.
“But you gotta follow the rules,” he says. “I’ll get you a map. You can’t have this one. This is mine.”
He unfolds a worn piece of paper and holds it in front of me. It’s the Berkeley route map from Re-Be, but with dotted red lines borders drawn in various places. I try to pull the map closer and tilt my head so I can read it under the street lamp, but Wilson grips it tightly in his fist. His thumb covers the top of the map, but at the bottom I see a list of buyback centers. I recognize several of them. He pulls the map away.  
“Tomorrow,” he says. 
He walks back to his carts. A pair of raccoons poke their heads out of a sewer grate after he passes, then they retreat. 



Chapter 13: Opportunistic? You Bet.
Were it not for the longshore workers strike, Doug Spaulding’s body might be undiscovered still, stacked in the cargo hold of the Pinyung freighter sailing for the world’s largest aluminum smelter on South Korea’s east coast.
—Daria Reeves, “Recycling Activist Found Dead in Aluminum Bale,” 
San Francisco Chronicle, October 22, 1998
[Thursday. October 22. 7 a.m.]

By the time I limp home, the newspapers are waiting for me. My photo of the boot sticking out of the bale is on the front page of the Chronicle, below the fold, spanning three columns. The tiny band of bright red sock at the top of the boot jumps out of the picture—the inside pages are still in black and white, but the front page is in color. Doug had a flair for the dramatic, but even he couldn’t have anticipated the impact of the socks he put on that morning. Or that it would be the last time he put on a pair of socks. Makes me think I should pay more attention next time I get dressed.
I push the clutter on my desk to the side and make a list on a yellow legal pad. A long list. Everything I want to do, need to do. Some items seem like ridiculous long shots, like finding Doug’s van or getting Tom Herman to admit to manipulating community groups. Nothing seems easy. Well, one thing. Put ice pack on leg. Check. One item crossed off. 
I don’t limit myself to my journalist-cum-detective world. I write it all down. Long-term and short. Find the murderer and expose Con. Win a Pulitzer for investigative reporting. Tell the truth. Win Barb’s heart. Fuck her brains out. Save Re-Be from its city council opponents. Earn a decent living. Make some friends. Get a life. Make the world a better place. And do it all by Election Day.
I look for the business card Tom Herman gave me at the awards banquet. It’s in the first place I look. Last time I called, I got rerouted to his secretary and she was just as pleasant and unhelpful as the first time. 
This time he answers. 
“Mr. Herman, this is Brian Hunter, friend of Barb Genessee’s. I met you at the awards banquet. I’m a writer for the Beat.”
“Please, call me Tom. What can I do for you?”
“Like I said before, I’d like to get your perspective on this alleged takeover of Recycle Berkeley by Consolidated Scavenger, especially in light of Doug Spaulding’s murder.” I’m hoping the police haven’t been to see him yet. I want to get there first. 
“Yes, I’m sorry to hear about that,” he says. Yeah, I’m sure. “I know I promised I’d squeeze you in, but this time of year, I’m overloaded, I—”
“How about lunch today? I’ve heard some fascinating stories about Scavenger’s alliances with community groups that I’d like to hear more about.”
He doesn’t say anything.
“And the thing is, Tom”—for some reason, I don’t feel comfortable using his name— “the thing is, I’ve heard some accounts of how Consolidated Scavenger has infiltrated and manipulated some grassroots groups to convince them to oppose that landfill expansion of yours, and I thought, Tom, you might like a chance to comment on that before I go to press—”
He starts to interrupt me, so I stop. He stops too. I hear him exhale.
“Can you come out to Walnut Creek?” he asks. “I do have to eat lunch.”
Herman’s office, a short walk from the BART station, is in a new building that combines the high-tech mirror and metal look with Southwestern pastel. The landscaping will look natural in five years, but the trees are still too puny in relation to the slabs of metal and stone. Red and pink flowers in huge pots line the entryway. The guard at the front desk says to go on up to the third floor.
Despite the dull throb in my thigh, I take the stairs—I’m funny that way— and I see Herman waiting for me in front of the elevators. I approach him from behind. He’s a tall husky guy who probably played football in college, which must have been close to forty years ago. He has a full head of wavy white hair. 
On our way to lunch at Chihuahua’s, I lob him softball questions like how he got where he is and he rides that until our meal shows up. He tells me he got bored with banking and jumped to what was then called Environmental Industries of Texas, just as the company was embarking on an ambitious growth spurt, mostly through mergers and acquisitions. Herman’s job was to raise money for these deals. 
“Back then,” says Herman. “I knew zero about landfills or burn plants or recycling, but I found I was more interested in what we did than how we financed things, so I got myself set loose from the money game and hired into planning. It may seem strange to someone like you, but inside Scavenger, I’m Mr. Recycling.” 
I’ve studied several of Scavenger’s annual reports, so I know that the company has grown one-hundred fold in the past decade, from a regional hauler to a multi-billion-dollar international conglomerate that operates incinerators, paper mills, recycling facilities, landfills, even an electricity-generating wind and solar farm in the California desert. But Herman’s story fills in some blanks. 
When the waitress brings him his Huahuatenango, he hoists the brown bottle in a toast and winks. “To the recyclable bottle and the magic potion inside it,” he says. “Sure you don’t want one?” 
“That beer does look pretty enticing,” I say. He lifts his half-empty bottle to get the attention of the waitress, and holds up two fingers. 
He continues with what’s clearly a canned spiel, about how Scavenger is the world’s largest recycling enterprise, how advanced its landfills are and so on. I ask about Barb and he’s full of praise for her. Then I say that some people have characterized hiring her as “opportunistic.”
“Opportunistic? You bet.” He leans back in his chair, stretches his legs under the table. “That’s how this company was built. We bought other trash haulers. We bought landfills. We’re getting into composting and methane generation. But we couldn’t do it without hiring people who’ve got the experience. So if you call hiring the best people for the job opportunistic, we plead guilty.” 
“Weren’t you concerned about hiring someone like Barb, from her background, someone who hadn’t worked in the corporate sector?”
“You Berkeley liberals sell yourselves short. We ignored recycling. We resisted it. We thought it was a fad and we didn’t want to set up an infrastructure that wouldn’t last. But we were wrong. So what are we supposed to do? Sit and watch from the sidelines? No, we wanted to be players. But we didn’t have the experience. We had capital. Trucks. Relationships with city governments. So we hired the experience. Barb wasn’t the first—we’ve been hiring people like her all over the country. We’d be foolish not to.”
He stretches his long frame and smiles. Damn, this guy is way too pleased with himself.
“How did you find her? Barb.”
“Her name kept coming up. I saw her give a presentation last year in D.C., all about economic incentives, integrating the recycling mentality into an overall waste-reduction, efficiency approach, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. Practical, not just rhetoric. Plus she talked about building the program from the bottom up, not just having management issue an edict. I was impressed.”
He takes a bite of his enchilada, slowly chews it. I savor a sip of beer.
“So I took her to lunch and told her we were looking for someone to manage our recycling program in Alameda County.”
“What did she say?”
“Turned me down flat, blasted us for preying on small companies. She might even have called me opportunistic. But she was intrigued. A few weeks later, I called her and asked if she’d help in the search process, as a paid consultant. I said, ‘Of course, we’d rather skip the whole process and hire you, etcetera,’ and she came around.” 
I drain my beer, fold my hands together, and look Herman in the eye. 
“Sources have told me,” I say, “that Consolidated Scavenger, in its zeal to monopolize the Bay Area market, has created or infiltrated various community groups.”
“Sources other than Spaulding?” Herman says, and looks down for a second. “With all due respect, look, Spaulding puts us on the grassy knoll in Dallas in ’63. He says we’re in bed with the mob. Look, we’re a $17-billion global corporation. We’ve got a fiduciary responsibility to our shareholders. We’ve got bond obligations. We’ve had three straight losing quarters. Why would we engage in petty crap like that? It’d be like Bill Gates sticking up a lemonade stand. We play in the big league and follow the rules. We take our competitors to court, we lobby elected officials, we try to get the EPA to give us some flexibility.”
“Maybe so,” I say, “but, speaking of following the rules, I’ve talked with some people in Bay Point, right up the road from here”—I start to point, then realize I don’t know what direction north is—“people who say you created and funded a fictitious community group and you used charges of racism to fight a competitor’s landfill. I’m going to press with that story next week. What can you tell me about that?”
I deliberately say Bay Point instead of Pittsburg—it’s the neighboring community, formerly called West Pittsburg—hoping he’ll correct me. I wish I could say his face is full of fear. It’s not. But he does pause before answering. 
“Oh, that again. I thought that went away,” he says. He wipes his mouth and pushes away his plate.  
“You know that old Mark Twain line about how lies can travel all the way around the world before truth has a chance to put its boots on? That’s what this is about. Wild fiction. More Spaulding conspiracy theories. There was some bad blood during these landfill fights a couple years ago and there were accusations that we manipulated the process. But this is really fallout from in-fighting among environmental groups. You know, the environmental movement is pretty white—my guess is that this racism claim was part of some broader agenda.” 
“I’ve got some pretty damning evidence,” I say, “that you bankrolled these community groups.” 
“Bankrolled?” He laughs. “We made a few donations. We helped out a few community groups whose interests coincided with ours.” He pulls a business card from his pocket and writes on the back. “Here, you check with Reverend Charles Johnson, Leland Baptist Congregation in Pittsburg. Charles Johnson. He’ll set you straight.” 
“What about Scavenger employees joining environmental groups? What can you tell me about that?”
“We encourage that. That’s something we’re proud of, not something we would hide. We want to be green. We’re not just pretending.”
After blustering through a short choppy patch, he’s sailing smoothly again, picking up speed. 
“Anyone from Scavenger join Re-Be?”
“Couldn’t tell you.”
“I’d think that with wanting to expand, and with Re-Be being a vocal opponent of your expansion plans, it would be a logical place for you to have someone to be your eyes and ears. I’m not suggesting that you had anything to do with Doug’s murder, of course.”
“Of course.” He gives me an icy glare.
“I go to print on Tuesday, so if you’d like to comment, I’ll need something by Monday afternoon. That work for you?”
“I can give it to you right now: ‘Consolidated Scavenger is committed to fully involving the community in any landfill siting or garbage and recycling collection or pricing that affects local citizens. We’re responsive and accountable to the communities we work and live in.” 
“Sort of long. You can you do better than that,” I say.
“How about this: The allegations are false, fabricated by our opponents.” He looks at his watch. “Gotta run. I’ve got a 1:15 call with the feds.”
He whips two twenties out of his wallet, slips them under his plate, and raps the table with his knuckle as he leaves. 
Emboldened by my lunch with Tom Herman, I jump back on the phone when I get home, and on my first try, reach a man named Johnny Farina, who testified in a price-fixing case against Con in Solano County several years ago.
“I read up on the case,” I say. “You said in court that you were doing your route, picking up garbage and recyclables from business parks in Vallejo and Fairfield and some guy would follow you and go to your clients and offer to haul their stuff for half what you did, and you said that no one could make a living at those prices, that they had to be offering below-market rates.”
He doesn’t say anything.
“Are you still there?”
“I’m here.”
“So, that’s what you testified. And I see that Con got convicted of price-fixing. Did you recover your business, get back those clients?”
“It’s sort of complicated.” He speaks so quietly I can hardly hear him.
“Tell me about it. I’ve been reading these long legal documents. Complicated I can do. Can you tell me what happened?”
I can hear him breathe and I wait him out. Ten seconds. Fifteen seconds.
“I work for Scavenger now,” he says. “All that stuff in court is ancient history.”
“But it isn’t. It’s happening again in Alameda County. There are people here that are trying to hold onto their businesses. Like you were.”
“Sorry, I can’t help you.”
Oh, but you have.

Chapter 14: Jimmy the Scrap Metal Guy
Sources within the police department this morning said that they are looking into the relationship Spaulding had with Re-Be board of directors’ president David Ginsberg, that at a board meeting, Spaulding had reputedly threatened to “hang Ginsberg from the roof of the baling shed.”
—KGO News, October 21, 1998 

[Thursday. October 22. 3 p.m.]

When I get home, I take my Re-Be route map, block-print the buy-back addresses I remember from Wilson’s map, fold it, photocopy it on my pathetically slow office copier, and fold it again a few times. I smudge it with one of the crusty garden gloves I wore in the morning. I spill some salsa on it just for fun, then I bicycle down to Jimmy Pawlowski’s scrap metal yard in West Oakland. The dull pain in my thigh is tolerable as long as I pedal slowly.
In a perverse sort of way, I find myself relishing the pain from Wilson’s picket, and even the nasty sting from my unfortunate tryst with Eileen. The pain reminds me that I’m acting without flinching from the potential consequences. Not being so damn careful all the time.
Jimmy’s place is in a forgotten sliver of West Oakland near the abandoned Union Station, where Amtrak used to stop before Emeryville and Oakland built shiny new stations a few years ago. It’s west of downtown, in the shadow of the harbor and its army of stark white container cranes that look like erector-set giraffes designed by Picasso. Amidst the wide and empty streets, full of potholes and strewn with broken glass, are a dozen or so recycling and scrap metal facilities, with their corrugated metal roofs, stacks of cardboard, and mounds of colored glass. Pickup trucks held together with yellow twine are parked on the sidewalks. Some have all four tires.
I bring a six-pack of beer in my front basket. Doug characterized Jimmy as a disciplined drunk—he starts his days before dawn and his evening drinking early in the afternoon.
He’s easy to spot. Just inside the wide-open barbed-wire-topped gate is a short man in a dark olive jumpsuit smoking a cigarette and leaning against a pale blue car with fins, but no wheels or windows. From a distance, with his short strawberry blond hair and freckled face, he looks like he stepped out of a gas station advertisement in the ’50s, back before everyone retreated into glass cages. Up close, however, he looks less wholesome. The jumpsuit is ripped, his teeth crooked and yellow and his hands scarred and leathery. He has a pleasant boyish face, however, and when I climb off my bike and lift the six-pack of Weltanschauung from my basket, he lights up with a grin.
“I got some cans for you to recycle,” I say, “but they have to be emptied first.”
“I’m your man.” He has a quizzical look on his face, like he recognizes me but has no idea who I am. 
“I’m Brian, a friend of Doug’s. You heard?”
“Gruesome, man. Done in by a baler.” He pops open a can. “You can find a shitload of beer in the empty cans people bring in, but, yeah, you know, I like it better fresh.” 
He takes a big gulp. “Aaahhhhh.” He stretches it out. Then he wiggles his shoulders, like a dog shaking off water. 
Usually I’m mindful to tell people from the start that I’m a reporter, and I remind myself I need to tell Jimmy, but I never get around to it. I think he already knows. If not, he doesn’t seem to require a reason for my visit. 
On the plywood wall behind him a torn cardboard sign reads, “A big enough pile of anything is worth something.” 
He drinks two beers within fifteen minutes and takes me on a tour around his yard. Between the spaces of a confusing narrative about the international garbage conspiracy and how it’s out to crush little guys like him, he gives me a show-and-tell—this sculpture is rebar from the I-80 overpass that collapsed during the ’89 quake, that iron eagle up there on the fence was soldered together from pieces of old railroad cars. He says he does good business with local sculptors, and sells some of his pieces as garden ornaments.
“You think the killing might have anything to do with this turf war with Con?” I ask. 
“I’m a fucking artist, you know, a metal sculptor. I’ve got iron in my veins, muscles of steel. I’m, like, one with the aluminum, one with the, well, I got this piece of an airplane wing, from a wreck. I don’t need to do anything. It’s already art. I just need to, you know, give it a title.”
He keeps rambling as we walk through the yard, occasionally lapsing into lucidity. He’s speedboating, racing across the water and only touching down here and there. Yet he’s got a rhythmic, poetic charm, punctuating his inanities with a mantra of “yeah, you know.” He sounds stupid, but he’s not. He suggests that the awards demonstration, as well as other belligerent moves by Re-Be, like not paying its rent, were all part of Doug’s master plan to force Sheila Womack and the NFBs to show their hand before the election. “Doug was on to their shit, man. He was, like, digging a tunnel right into Con’s secret bunker. Womack keeps quiet, she can win the election, then get Con in when the contract ends. But see, if Re-Be and the PJs get Womack to say out loud she’s going to shut down Re-Be, well, shit, she’s blown her wad. You know, I just want to get me a cushy grant and collect stuff. This is my art, you know, having this junkyard. Shouldn’t someone be paying me for doing this?”
We’ve circled the yard once and are approaching the front gate again, where I left my bike. No customers in sight.
“Jimmy, your address was on the flyer that you passed out at the protest.” He leans against the fence, next to a stack of windshields, and lights a cigarette. “At the awards dinner. Is this the headquarters or what? What’s your role?”
He exhales, then coughs. “This is ground zero, man. This is where we make our stand.”
“So is Con after your business too?” I ask.
“Yeah, we gotta be like guerrilla fighters, like the Viet Cong, you know, hide in the tall grass, sneak up behind the big guys at night.”
Jimmy’s scrap yard doesn’t seem a likely candidate for Scavenger’s acquisition list. He’s more packrat than businessman. But I know that Jimmy also picks up cans and bottles from some local restaurants and businesses, which is now technically illegal because Scavenger has signed a “flow control” contract with the city of Oakland giving them exclusive rights to all such materials within city limits. 
Under a similar law, Con sued two small operators in Las Vegas for collecting cans and bottles from hotels, thereby “skimming,” charged the lawyers, “the cream of the crop.” 
Only a small fraction of the recyclables are valuable enough or concentrated enough to make money by themselves. Curbside collection doesn’t pay for itself—outfitting and staffing the trucks costs more than the collected materials are worth—but it makes economic sense for cities because they save on landfill fees. One smart guy with a pickup, however, can identify where the cream is and make a decent take just picking up cans and bottles from a couple of hotels and restaurants. More and more, Con and its ilk are pushing for exclusive contracts, making the guys with the pickups, like Jimmy, essentially poachers like Wilson.
But Jimmy seems to relish being an outlaw, and at the scale he does it, he’s under the radar. If I understand correctly, however, part of Barb’s job is to expand commercial pickup, which eventually could mean going after Jimmy’s modest pickings.
“Jimmy, did you see Doug after the demonstration?”
He shrugs, rubs his hand through his hair, takes another sip of beer. He’s walking ahead of me, stroking with tenderness first a rusty radiator grill from some ancient car, then a black wrought iron railing lying on its side so it looks like a wide ladder.
“Heard he was going to get his ass fired for that stunt,” he says. “Guess they don’t need to do that now.”
“Doug? How do you know that?” I ask. “I mean, not that anyone wouldn’t be fired for that.”
“You hear things.”
“He disappeared from Re-Be for more than a week. Do you know where he went?”
“Said he was hanging with some anarchist printer in the city. But he was pushing the shopping cart over here in the morning. He brought me a cartful one day. No, wasn’t even half-full.”
“Where in the city was this printer?”
Jimmy walks over to my bike and pulls another can from the plastic rings. “I’m going to need me another one of these beers.”
He drains half of it in one gulp. “Yeah, you know, Doug was saying maybe he should just disappear. Go up to Canada and pick apples.”
“Jimmy, I was out this morning and ran into a guy named Wilson, one of those guys with the shopping cart that goes around—“ 
“Wilson, yeah, he’s cool”—and here Jimmy smiles and makes a circle with his finger around his eye—“the marble-eye guy.” 
“Does Wilson bring in his cans and bottles here, to you?”
“Once or twice. Mostly I get guys in trucks. It’s a long walk down here from Berkeley.”
I pull the salsa-stained Re-Be map from of my pocket. “Funny thing,” I say, “there’s this Berkeley route map I got from Wilson that has your address on it, like someone is saying, ‘Hey poachers, bring your recyclables to Jimmy, he’ll pay you in cash, no questions asked.’ Did Doug know about this?”
Jimmy furrows his nose like a dog about to snap. “What are you talking about? What does Doug have to do with this?”
“Well, it looks like your scrap yard is one of the places recommended for poachers to bring in stuff stolen from Re-Be. Don’t you think Re-Be folks would be pissed about that? Especially Doug. I mean, when you buy the stuff the poachers bring in, you’re helping rip off Re-Be. You know these guys are coming in with stolen stuff.”
“Hey, snoopy, I don’t, like, check IDs or nothing. They want cash. I want cans. It’s not stealing, it’s, you know, business. Am I getting rich here? South of Market, that’s where the printer was.”
“Huh?”
“Where Doug was hiding out.”
Jimmy sits down on a stack of tires and tosses his empty beer can into a nearby shopping cart and puts his forehead in his hand. He looks like he’s about to take a nap. 
“Can we look at your buyback setup again? We zipped by it and I didn’t get a chance to—“ 
“He leads me over to a scale set in the pavement, a shiny but scratchy steel platform about four-foot square. Re-Be has three scales. Con’s buyback area in South County has a dozen. I step on the scale and watched the needle jump to 140 pounds.
On the wall by the scale hangs a sign with a few numbers still legible. Most have been crossed off. 
“So if I were made of aluminum,” I say, “I’d be worth, let’s see—“
“Three-fifty,” says Jimmy before my math wheels finish turning. 
“Pretty quick calculation,” I say.
“Nah, I know that already—I weigh the same. If I was made of cardboard, I’d get almost six bucks for myself.”
Jimmy pays 2.5 cents a pound for aluminum, 1.5 cents a pound for clear glass, and he doesn’t take glass bottles in mixed colors. “They’re almost worthless,” he says. He pays less than Re-Be and he’s harder to get to by shopping cart, but he pays in cash. Re-Be pays by check—the city mandates that—which means many of these guys with the shopping carts have to go wait in line at a check-cashing place, which takes a cut off the top.
“So Jimmy, I saw some notes of Doug’s, on his desk, and one said, ‘Jimmy, is he playing both sides?’ What do you think Doug meant by that?”
“Both sides of what?”
“I don’t know. That’s why I’m asking you. You’ve got your address on the anti-Con flyer, you’ve got your address on the map the poachers use. Whose side are you on?”
I try to pose my question like I have no stake in it, but it doesn’t come out that way. Jimmy stands up slowly, then grabs my shirt and pulls me towards him. I can smell cigarettes and beer and something chemical I can’t identify. 
“You seem like a nice middle-class boy with soft hands,” he says. “You might want to be more careful about, you know, what you’re saying.”
He doesn’t raise his voice. It’s as if he’s shrugging his shoulders as he talks, but there’s menace there nonetheless. 
I shake loose, but Jimmy keeps glaring at me. I don’t feel that scared—whether I’ve grown a new layer of courage since lunch time or my recent bouts with Eileen and Wilson have thickened my skin, I don’t know. But maybe I’m underestimating Jimmy. He has no loyalties except to himself. Backed into a corner, he could hurt someone. What if Doug badgered him the way he did me? 
After Eileen and I split up and I started trying to reinvent myself as an investigative reporter, I knew it would require more courage than bookkeeping. I didn’t imagine physical danger, however. But if I’m really committed to finding the murderer and winning Barb’s heart, I have to accept that I’m going to run into some threatening people. 
This is all new. I am a middle-class boy with soft hands. I may be squatting illegally in a warehouse and living in the margins, but I’ve never had any experience with the criminal element. (Well, there was that Joaquin thing, an anomaly.) But I can’t stay away. I don’t even want to. The danger is, well, a little exciting. I also feel nauseated. Tense. Alive.
“Look Jimmy,” I say, keeping my distance. I pace back and forth in the narrow pathway between piles of junk, so I’m seeing him like a bird, one eye at a time. “I don’t give a shit about the poaching. Like you said, it’s business. What I care about is that someone killed Doug and I think it had to do with him exposing Con. You’ve got your eyes open. You know a things I don’t. And people. Doug used to tell me about how Con had—he called them ‘enforcers’ —people who roughed other people up. I’ve also learned that Con ‘hires’ people to go and get jobs or be volunteers at places like Re-Be. You must know about this stuff. You have some sixth sense.”
“I’m like, invisible, man. No one thinks I’m paying attention on account of I’m a drunk. On account of me being a flaky artist. You think I don’t know what people say. You think I can pick up on this other stuff and not know what they’re thinking about me. Jimmy, the scrap metal guy. Burnout Jimmy. Jimmy’s elevator don’t go to the top floor.”
“But where do you pick up all this stuff you know? Sounds like you stroll into a bar and sit down on a stool and a parade of people come by and tell you their stories.”
“I just go where I go—“


Chapter 15: Golden Handcuffs
“We’re running a clean and legitimate operation in a business that has long been plagued by corruption and criminal activity,” says Consolidated Scavenger Vice President Tom Herman.
—Martin Skeel, “Police Say Organized Crime Link to Recycling Murder ‘Unlikely’” West County Times, October 22, 1998

[Friday. October 23. 8 a.m.]

Friday starts poorly. I wake up at eight, angry with myself for missing my early morning “appointment” with Wilson. So much for me “getting started” on a rewarding career in poaching. Damn, I guess I’m going to have to make do with bookkeeping and reporting. I vaguely remember slapping off my alarm and closing my eyes for just a few more luxurious minutes. 
But waiting for me in my e-mail box is a note from anonymous245@yahoo.com, alerting me to a secret meeting in a downtown San Francisco office building on Friday evening. That perks me up faster than my coffee.
“I can’t tell you who I am,” the note starts. “There’s a meeting tonight you might be interested in. In attendance will be Tom Herman from Consolidated Scavenger, Gill Sykes from the city of Berkeley and others. Don’t know what they’re meeting about, but one went to elaborate measures coming up with an alibi about tonight.”
I start tackling my long things-to-do list, and surprise, surprise, I get a real live answer on my first phone call. Gino Anconi, a Scavenger old-timer Donna told me about, says he’d be happy to talk with me, except that he’s not allowed to give media interviews. 
“Might you be able to, maybe, give an informal tour of the transfer station to, say, a friend of your cousin?”
“You know my cousin?” he asks, but then the light bulb clicks on. “Yeah,” he says, “come on by.” I can almost see him smile.
The transfer station is down in South County, so I take my bike on BART and ride there from the San Leandro station. It’s easy to find. I follow a stream of garbage trucks, pickups, hatchbacks, vans, and station wagons through the front gate. After I lock my bike to a post, I walk towards the office, then take a quick left and hurry purposefully towards the transfer station, breathing through my mouth to avoid the stench.
Back when I was a rookie reporter, a long month and a half ago, I came down here for a tour of the recycling center. I tagged along with group of surprisingly well-informed retired UC-Berkeley women alumni. “What about the number four plastics? Can you recycle them?” one asked. They cut dashing figures, those white-haired women in their yellow hard hats. 
The Scavenger recycling operation is similar to Re-Be’s, but far bigger and more automated. The trucks pour mixed recyclables onto a conveyer belt, where materials are separated by bursts of air, magnets, and about ten minimum-wage immigrant workers on a catwalk fifteen feet above the ground. We learned from Betsy, the perky young tour leader with the blond ponytail and blue fleece vest, that the conveyer belt system was manufactured by a roller coaster company. (I’m not positive about the minimum wage—that’s what Doug told me.) 
Searching for Gino, I approach the mammoth transfer station, a hangar-like structure where dozens of garbage trucks back up to a football field–sized pit thirty feet beneath them and dump their loads. In front of me, a souped-up old pickup with fat wheels backs up to the pit and stops. As the driver, a lean guy in cowboy boots and a baseball cap, climbs out, a man wearing an orange vest and hardhat rushes over to the truck and puts two tire blocks behind the front tires. Then Baseball Hat and Hard Hat bump heads as they bend forward and confer amidst the roar of other trucks and machines. I can hear the deep throb of the bass on someone’s car radio.
Then Baseball Hat pulls on gray work gloves and heaves scraps of paneling and roofing and bulging black garbage bags into the pit below. As I walk closer, I see a dozen more variations of that same theme, mostly pickups, a couple of hatchbacks, and down at the end, several run-of-the-mill garbage trucks tilting their backs up so that the compressed muck inside slips out into the pit. 
“You must be the nosy reporter,” says a voice behind me. I turn and there’s a big man with a salt-and-pepper beard on his tanned, lined face. 
“Yeah, Brian Hunter,” I reach out my hand and then wait until he removes his glove and offers his. “But I thought I was a friend of the family.”
“No suits here today. You can be whoever you want. But you still have to put this hard hat on.”
I can hear every word Gino says, but only because he has a booming voice and he’s shouting in my ear.
He’s eager to talk. I ask him how he got started and hardly have to ask another question. With so many of the people I’ve been interviewing, I feel like I’m extracting wisdom teeth. (Well, Jimmy liked to talk, but he didn’t answer my questions.)
“Used to be a family business, my uncle’s family,” Gino says. “He’s gone now, retired, rich. Me, I didn’t get rich. Making a living, not a killing.”
We climb several flights of stairs to a catwalk high above the pit, just a few feet from the roof.  
Below, the bulldozers roam the pit, even out the piles. From here, they look like toys. One of the huge “possum-belly” trailer trucks drives down the ramp and disappears into a tunnel under the pit where it loads up for the drive to the landfill.
“My dad had a chance to go into the business, but didn’t want to, thought it was beneath him. He drove one of these haulers in the morning, went to college in the afternoon, and got himself a gig as a P.E. teacher and football coach. He was a big guy like me, played football in high school. But not in college, cause he was collecting garbage to pay the bills. The college girls were not impressed. 
“So he got out, and didn’t want me to go in. Stay in school, he said, but I didn’t listen. I wanted a car. I wanted money. I started washing out garbage trucks when I was fifteen, was driving ’em a few years later. Quit school. But then I hurt my back and that was the best thing that ever happened to me. Other than my kids. My wife suggested I go back to school and I ended up at Merritt College, back in the ’60s when there was a big Black Panther scene. Here I was this working-class dago going on thirty hanging with militant black dudes. Smoking a lot of dope anyway. Learned a lot too, and got it in my noggin I could be an engineer. I was always fixing things, making things. There were ecology types running around then too, the old dumps were getting full up, the new ones had all these complicated rules for leachate collection and I went to San Jose State to study landfill engineering. Got a job out at the Solano Sanitary landfill in Benicia, owned by another Italian family. See, up here, it was all Italians doing the garbage hauling. Down in L.A. you had the Armenians. In the valley it was the Irish. It was an honest living. Before the suits got here.”
He points down to what look like three tollbooths inside the front gate. “That’s where they come in, only one open now. A guy with a pickup, he drives onto that scale, gets a ticket, unloads, then gets back on the scale on the way out. They do a little subtraction, and he pays $48 a ton. The city trucks come in that far lane, don’t have to get weighed.” 
“So how’d you get back here?” I ask. We’ve walked halfway across the pit on the catwalk and I can see the whole transfer station, recycling yard, and truck parking lot stretching down to the shore of the bay. This facility is at least ten times bigger than Re-Be’s. From up here, I see the familiar San Francisco skyline from an unfamiliar angle. The roof cuts off the tops of the tallest buildings. 
“Alessandro, my uncle, hired me before he sold, so I got some stock, but not enough to retire. Then Con brought in their own people to do what I already knew how to do. They can’t fire me—that’s part of the deal. Man, that whole sale was fishy.”
“How so?”
“My uncle got rich, true, but I don’t think he had a choice except to sell. Con had already picked up a couple of companies out in East County. They just buy other companies up, never start ‘em. They expanded this landfill out near the Delta, a dozen miles from ours. Undercut us. Started snapping up indy truckers hauling from businesses.”
Gino is the kind of source I’ve been aching for, disgruntled and talkative, but even for me, this is getting to be—as Eileen used to say—“way more information than I need.” I let him talk. You never know what random fact will be important.  
“Once Con got a foothold,” he says, “they turned the screws. We used to be the big daddy in those parts. We had residential in South County, Oakland, Richmond and a sweet piece of the commercial sector. So we’re paying this franchise fee to the cities that we service. A million bucks a year in Oakland. But the city budget was tight, there was clamor for recycling, and some wise guy in Oakland came up with the idea of raising the franchise fee from five percent to ten. We got it down to eight, but, shit, there went another half a million out of our pocket. The same thing happened in Fremont and Hayward. At the same time, the tipping fee at the landfill—owned by Con —doubles. We’re squeezed in both directions. Perrini, the guy in Hayward, sold to Con. Then mysteriously, a few months later, the franchise fee increase in Hayward got reversed. By then Con had the license. You following all this?”
“So what are you saying? Con gets the contract, then renegotiates the franchise fee?”
“That’s what happened in Oakland. That’s what happened in Hayward.”
Gino tells me more, but it’s the same story. Con comes in, squeezes its competitors, and then makes them an offer. I ask him if he knows anything about an “enforcer” from the old days.
“My uncle used to talk about a guy at OD—“
“OD?”
“Oakland Disposal, what it was called before Con bought it. There was this guy called an ‘ombudsman.’ There was some rough stuff—other companies trying to muscle in, union shit.” 
We’ve reached the end of the catwalk and we’re walking down the other stairwell. I’m not noticing the smell as much now. 
“So, about this enforcer. What did he do? Can you remember any stories?”
“Mostly it was petty shit, like when some workers were organizing to bring in a new union, they would, like, puncture their tires. I remember right when I got back on the job after school, we got a visit from the state. This Mexican woman—what a piece of work, one of these affirmative action gals, I’m sure. She had us nailed on some technicality about groundwater contamination at our old dump down near Newark. Said we had to shut it down or retrofit it. But would’ve cost more than it was worth to bring up to code, so Jono fixed it.”  
“Jono, huh? What did he do?”
“Don’t know. Probably threatened her. Or gave her some money. We kept that dump open four more years, and then capped it. Now it’s a wildlife park on the bay, looks pretty good.”
“So is there still an enforcer?”
“They say that strong arm stuff is history. With the suits here, this white-collar crime is, like, practically legal. You got a problem, you go to this Allard guy in Oakland.”
“Julian Allard, he’s the enforcer?” I stop on the stairs for another look into the pit. 
“No, no, he jobs it out. But the guy who pulls the strings, he’s out in Walnut Creek.”
“Tom Herman?”
“You know him? Yeah, he’s the man. Mr. Smooth.”


Chapter 16: Secret Meeting
With the exception of the “dead-dog” demonstration at the recycling awards dinner on October 17, Doug Spaulding had not been seen at the Recycle Berkeley yard for almost two weeks, and he had no known address.
—“Police Expand Search for Murder Victim’s Truck,” 
Bay News Service, October 23, 1998
[Friday. October 23. 6 p.m.]
Before I head to the city, I check out the situation at Re-Be, which seems to be boiling over. Officially, the threatened eviction can be carried out at any time, though no one really believes the city will dare. But in the meantime the yellow crime scene tape is serving as a de facto eviction. The police have cordoned off more than half the Re-Be yard, including the hut, the portable, and the shed housing the baler and conveyer belts. The police said they would reopen the area today, but the yellow tape is still there. 
When I arrive in San Francisco for the “secret meeting,” and climb the stairs from the Embarcadero BART station, I hear a cacophony of whistles and police sirens and amplified voices bouncing between the tall buildings lining Market Street. At street level, I hear the rumble of a helicopter overhead. A steady stream of bicyclists, six to eight abreast, clog two lanes of the street, heading towards the Civic Center. The fog has slipped in and there’s a snap to the air. 
A group of bicyclists are chanting in a self-mocking, zombie-like tone, a mantra adapted from Animal Farm: “Two wheels good. Four wheels bad. Two wheels good. Four wheels bad.” 
It’s Critical Mass, “an organized coincidence,” as the flyers put it, where hundreds of bicyclists take over the downtown streets. More like thousands today—it’s the last one of the year before daylight savings ends and darkness starts falling in late afternoon. According to another flyer an earnest cyclist hands me, it’s a “xerocracy”—that is, anyone who makes copies of their ideas, or a map of the proposed ride, is a potential leader. One rider carries a flag that says, “We aren’t blocking traffic. We are traffic.” 
It’s not only bicyclists making a ruckus. Moving in the opposite direction, taking up the other two lanes, is a boisterous “Justice for Janitors” rally, picket signs waving and megaphones blaring. As the two processions pass, they cheer each other on. I see a driver, waiting on Fremont Street in his bright red convertible, mutter to himself, then give the finger to the procession. 
I find the building where the meeting is scheduled and make my way to the fourth floor. Both doors off the small landing are locked. Through the open window of the lobby, I can hear the whistles, sirens, and the whomp, whomp, whomp of a helicopter. I want to get in position early before the meeting starts, but I have to wait fifteen minutes before a woman comes out the door. She turns her head towards the noise coming from the street and doesn’t notice when I catch the door before it closes. I rush down one corridor, then another, then there I am in front of Suite 410. “O’Meara, Connelly and Associates,” it says in black capital letters on the translucent white glass. No lights are on in the office and it’s dusk, so if anyone’s here, their eyes are better than mine. 
Ten feet from the door is another bend in the hallway. I peek around the corner to see a marble bench at the end of the hall.
There are four doors in this leg of the corridor. Doesn’t look like anyone is around. A lone bulb hangs from the high hall ceiling. Cobwebs cover the molding, which is fat and full of gingerbread curlicues. It’s an old building. The floor is carpeted and it looks like it’s vacuumed regularly, but the cleaning crew doesn’t bother with anything above the doorways.
I hear the elevator open and Gill, speaking in his distinctively low voice. “...They’re mostly anarchist assholes, but they make some good arguments. If you were stuck in traffic behind a car, you’d grudgingly accept it, but because it’s a bunch of bikes, you’re pissed. Here we are.” A key clicks open the door. “Let me get some lights on.”
Then comes a female voice. “What charming windows. Look, you can—” The door closes and muffles the end of her sentence. I close my eyes and try to place the voice. My first guess is Sheila Womack, Gill’s boss, but this is a more girlish voice. Though I only heard a few words, they had that sing-songy rise in pitch at the end of the sentence. And Gill sounded like he was talking down to her, sharing his vast wisdom to a young greenhorn.
I put my ear to the wall. I can hear voices, but not words. I go to the window to see if I can hear anything. The union march and the bicyclists are in the distance, but there’s still too much din to hear anything from the office. 
Below I see the changing of the guard on Market Street. The workforce is retreating to Berkeley and Mill Valley and Concord, the bicyclists and marchers have moved on, leaving the tourists, the hotel guests, the barhoppers, and the street people.
Ten minutes later, I hear footsteps down the hall, then a knock on the door. “Tom, come on in,” says Gill, and then the door closes behind him. Well, that saves me some detective work.
A minute later come more footsteps, this time a man and a woman. He’s talking. “It might be good to act surprised. Just in case.” 
“Come on in,” Gill says. 
While I wait, occasionally putting my ear to the wall, the sky drains to black. The moon rises high over the Oakland hills, just to the left of the ferry building tower. 
I try listening at the door and hear a random word here and there. I’m pretty sure I hear Gill say “Spaulding.” I have to pee. Too much coffee again today. I’ve been waiting in the hall an hour. I wander down the corridor and dig out a wide-mouthed iced tea bottle in the trash and relieve myself in that. I crumple some newspapers in the neck of the bottle to create a plug so it won’t spill on the janitor, and then wedge it upright in the bag. 
I’m still excited about my visit with Gino this morning, and his mention of Tom Herman and Julian Allard as fix-it guys for Con. He didn’t actually corroborate any wrongdoing, though if I can explain it more succinctly than he did, the story about Con lowballing the bid, then renegotiating, has promise. But Gino affirmed that I’m looking in the right direction. I know I’m not being objective, but I so much want to nail Con for Doug’s death. Of course, a corporation can’t kill someone—maybe through its policies, but not by hitting someone over the head and crushing him in a bale. An individual has to do that.
Julian Allard? Tom Herman? They’d be far more likely to delegate than do any whacking themselves, but that’s almost worse. Is this where Jono comes in? Didn’t Doug mention that name to me once? 
But I keep circling back to Barb. Wondering on the one hand if she could have murdered Doug and on the other hand if all this “find someone else” talk is her way of flirting. That what she’s saying is “I’m going to put up walls and warn you that I’m trouble, but I’m waiting for you to climb over them.”
Someday I’m going to snap.
What if she did? Doug baited her incessantly. But then, Doug did that with everyone. Even me. He antagonized everyone at Re-Be. Ginsberg’s been a target of Doug’s wrath, but if things were bad enough, wouldn’t he just quit the board? That’s a lot easier than murder. There are lots of other organizations that would be grateful for his contributions. I keep going back to what Eileen told me, that Doug accused Ginsberg of being an infiltrator. I can’t figure out what would be in it for him to do that. 
But what if this alleged affair that Ginsberg is having with Kisa is part of the package? People do crazy things for love. And Kisa, didn’t she actually say something like, “I could kill him,” after he disrupted the awards banquet? Not that we all haven’t said that in a fit of anger. 
As for city officials who’ve had a run-in with Doug, you’d need an organization chart to identify them all. No one has been more outspoken in criticizing Doug than Sheila Womack, but as much as I disagree with her politics, she seems above reproach. Gill Sykes had a run-in with Doug at a solid waste commission meeting, but I’ve never gotten the sense Gill is all that invested in Womack or the NFBs. But then what’s this secret meeting all about?
And then there’s Jimmy, who I could easily imagine getting violent. He seems to have a pretty loose sense of right and wrong, but like Sykes, it’s tough to imagine he cares enough about anything to go so far as to kill someone. Maybe he was cornered—I can’t pretend to understand what makes him tick. 
I told the police Barb couldn’t have done it, but I know that’s not true. She’s capable of anything, Doug once said, and I believe that. That’s a part of why I’m attracted to her. She doesn’t live life halfway.
The truth is I’m intimidated by her competence and charisma. She’s “big.” She’s a reach. I’m hoping she doesn’t know that and I’m certainly not going to tell her. 
The night we went swimming, she did her best to convince me she’s no saint. Could she have been anticipating what was to come?
What doesn’t make sense, though, is that she knows everyone’s fingers are pointing at her. Especially after the well-publicized fights with Doug. I keep berating myself for including those paragraphs about Doug’s visit to her office in my story—what was I thinking indeed —but the TV clips of Doug throwing the dog at her were seen by thousands more people. And was far more vicious.
This is the woman of the flawlessly produced grand gesture. Like the street theater she pulled off when the city council was going to cut funding for Re-Be’s composting program, claiming it was “extravagant.” She brought ten Re-Be staffers to the council meeting wearing burlap sacks with price tags showing everyone’s very modest salary. If the world were fair, the TV cameras would have recorded that for posterity, not her knees buckling underneath her after a dead dog slid into her plate. 
So what am I saying, that she couldn’t have murdered Doug because if she did, she would have done it better? Good thing I’m not her lawyer. 
I hear chairs scraping on the floor, interrupting my reverie, and I leap back to my hiding place. But I stop before I turn the corner. Why hide?
I pivot and pull my camera out, as the door opens. Tom Herman steps out, turning towards the elevator, his back to me. 
“Mr. Herman, Brian Hunter from the East Bay Beat. Good to see you again.” I approach him. “What did you discuss in this secret meeting with city officials? Is Consolidated Scavenger going to take over Re-Be?”
Gill pokes his head out the door.
“What the fuck are you doing here?”
I snap a quick photo of Gill’s head, with Tom Herman in profile. 
Herman looks at Gill, then back at me, but doesn’t say anything. Mr. Smooth loses his sheen.
“Mr. Sykes, great to see you again too,” I say. “You’re a city employee, right? Can you tell me why this meeting was held in secret in San Francisco? Doesn’t that violate the Brown Act? Don’t all city meetings have to be open to the public?”
I walk to the doorway, which Gill is blocking, and look past him into the office. Standing next to a cluttered wooden desk is a short middle-aged man I don’t recognize. Public works department from the city, that’s my guess. Next to him, and sitting in a red wooden chair, her back to me, is Renée Moraine from Re-Be. She’s wearing a pantsuit, looking more formal than her usual jeans and button shirts, but her tall lean carriage and short blond hair are unmistakable. 
“Well, hello Renée,” I say, with a smile, trying to mask my surprise. ”Are you representing Re-Be here tonight?”
She shrinks her head into her shoulders. I take another photo, but only get her back. 
“This is a private office,” says Gill. “Out.” His voice is matter-of-fact, but I can tell he’s irate. “You’re trespassing.”
“Renée, what’s in this for you? I hope you’re getting a bundle. You don’t want to rat out your friends unless the price is right, huh?”
That was mean. I see her cringe even though her face is turned away. Her shoulders tighten, then slump. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Herman, who froze when I first called his name, inch away. There’s a lot to keep track of. 
“Renée, I’m going to publish a story saying that you were participating in a secret meeting with Consolidated Scavenger and city officials. Care to tell me what transpired at this meeting?”
I hear her slowly inhale through her nose. In the distance, a police siren wails.
I turn to Herman, who’s slithering down the hall.  
“Oh, Mr. Herman, this story that I’ll be writing—” I have to shout; I don’t want to leave my power spot in the doorway. “I’m going to say that you were meeting in secret with city officials to arrange for the takeover of Re-Be. Earlier you’ve denied that. Do you deny that now?” I want to throw at him some of what I learned from Gino, but it’s too complicated.
“We were just having our monthly great books discussion,” says Herman, as he reaches a bend in the hallway. “We’re reading Cold Mountain. I recommend it. Gotta get home and finish that last chapter. Cheers.” Then he’s gone. Not before I snap another picture.
When I grow up, I want to be cool under pressure like that.
Renée moves to the window. I turn to the man by the desk. He meets my look without fear. 
“Sir, can I ask you your name? I’m Brian Hunter, a reporter for the East Bay Beat.”
Gill looks at him and gives the slightest of nods.
“Lincoln Payne, city attorney’s office.”
“And your role here?”
“As you know, for a variety of reasons, Recycle Berkeley is not able to meet its contractual obligations to collect and process materials, so we were discussing contingency plans.”
Spoken like a true bureaucrat. 
“Why the secret meeting?”
“Who said it was secret?” says Gill.
“Well, you told me not to tell anyone.” Renée doesn’t turn her body, just her head. She about to burst into tears.




Chapter 17: Diablo Winds
A century ago, the haulers in Berkeley sold the wet garbage to hog ranches, but too many hogs died from ingesting broken glass, discarded phonograph needles, and razor blades. 
—Brian Hunter, “The End of Garbage,” East Bay Beat, October 21, 1998

[Saturday. October 24. 8:45 a.m.]

Early Saturday morning, Renée knocks on my door. I wonder how she knows where I live. 
I’ve been up for hours, but still dressed in pajama bottoms and a sweatshirt. As I pad towards the door, I can feel the chill of the concrete floor through my socks. I turn down the radio and run my fingers through my disheveled hair. I haven’t showered. 
She has. Her hair is still wet. 
“I was wondering if we could talk.”
“Coffee?” I ask, waving her in. I fill my kettle and plug it in.
She unzips her orange fleece jacket. She’s wearing a tight black top. I offer her a seat, but she stands, her arms clasped behind her. 
When she doesn’t say anything, I do. “I was surprised to see you last night.”
“How did you find out about the meeting?” she asks.
“What would be more interesting,” I say, “is how you found out about it.”
“Are you writing a story?” She gestures towards my monitor, which has a dense screen of my notes showing. 
“I am,” I say. “About Con’s employment of infiltrators or double-agents or whatever you are. Did they give you a job title?”
“You don’t like me, do you?” she says, with a defiant voice and flirtatious smile.
“I thought it was you who didn’t like me.”
“Maybe I haven’t been so friendly.” She takes a small step towards me, and tilts her head in a shy and deferential way, like a dog who doesn’t want to be put out. I get the sense that she’s trying to flirt, but is convinced I won’t buy it. 
“So you’re being friendly now?” I smile broadly, daring her.
“You’ve become sort of a celebrity in the last few days. You must feel good about that.”
“Beats working.”
“Why do you think I don’t like you?” She takes another step towards me. Her green eyes, wide and naked, are less than a foot from mine. She’s almost as tall as I am. “You’re cute, you know that?”
“Thank you.” Her lips are moist and tempting. I can feel her breath on my cheek. I squeeze my hands together behind my back. She lifts her hand to touch me on my shoulder, then drops it and recoils.  
“You can’t bring yourself to come on to me, can you?” I say. “I must not be very tempting.“ 
“Well, you’re not helping me out any.” She pouts.
“I might if you were being genuine. You’re a lovely woman. And you could be in big trouble. Once word gets out that you’re a spy for Scavenger, the police are going to be asking you where you were the night Doug died.”
“What are you saying? I had nothing to do with the murder. How could you even think that? Oh my God.”
She looks panicked, as if it never occurred to her that she might be considered a suspect. For the first time since she knocked on my door, she seems authentic. And becomes more attractive. What’s that about? I don’t say anything. She takes deep breaths, shifts her weight from one leg to the other, and looks at the floor.
Last night during my restless sleep, I built a case for Renée as the murderer—if Doug had found out and threatened to expose her, well, that’s a powerful enough motive.  
“I don’t know why I came.” She zips her vest. “I’ll call you later, I promise. Or, oh, at Doug’s memorial. You’ll be there, right? Afterwards.” She comes towards me again. “I was hoping that—” She stops mid-sentence, shakes her head, and boom, she’s gone.
The kettle whistles. I unplug it. 
I hurry to the Y for a shower, and just as I’m walking back into my studio, I get a phone call from Glenn Fontana, a friend of Doug’s I’ve been trying to reach for weeks. He’s a rabble-rouser from Toxics Action, based in the Midwest. Doug told me Fontana’s been monitoring Scavenger for years, and knows more about the company than almost anyone on the outside. Fontana and I have exchanged several e-mails, then he urged me to call him—he said his fingers would get tired long before he came close to telling what he knows.  
He hasn’t heard what happened to Doug. After I tell him what happened, I say that if Doug were here today, he’d be blaming his death on Con.
“I so much want to believe that Con would waste someone who got in their way,” Fontana says, “and I wouldn’t put it past them, but I haven’t found any evidence that they’ve gone that far. I’m looking. That’s what makes Con so fascinating. They’ve got a rap sheet a mile long full of fines and violations from here to Timbuktu—and I mean Timbuktu literally—but they do it with lawyers and accountants and bribes and quid-pro-quos. They rob you with a fountain pen, like Dylan said, not a six-gun. Whereas the old garbage companies had guys with baseball bats.”
“Woody Guthrie,” I say, “not Dylan, but you were saying—“ I immediately regret correcting him, but it doesn’t faze him.
“It’s a funny thing. In some respects, the big companies like Con are an improvement. Before Con, there were haulers that picked up the garbage and dumped it in the river. They dumped bodies there too. In New York and New Jersey, the haulers were controlled by organized crime. Every company had its turf and if you were a city or a business, you couldn’t hire anyone else to pick up your garbage. When Con first started trying to get a foothold there, one of its salespeople went to the mailbox, and just like in the movies, there was the head of a big sheepdog with a note taped to its mouth: ‘Welcome to New Jersey.’ God’s truth. It really happened. Life imitates art and all that. But Con didn’t back down and now it’s the one doing the intimidating.”
I tell him that in one of my stories, I wrote about how the Los Angeles County D.A. accused Con and one of its big competitors of engaging in “organized crime,” and urged the board of supervisors not to do business with them, and that Con sued the D.A., claiming its civil rights were violated. 
“Yeah, Con got all ruffled by those words—‘organized crime.’ When the D.A. clarified that he used the term broadly to include any enterprise that is organized to systematically break the law for profit, that seemed to mollify Con somewhat. It’s like they’re saying you can accuse us all you want of white-collar crime, just don’t accuse us of having hit men with shotguns. You know the saying: ‘We don’t want to break the law. We just want to write it.’ That’s Con. With fountain pens, like Woody Guthrie said.”  
“Well, I may not know so much about Con,” I say, “but I know my Dylan and Woody Guthrie.” I look at the clock. I’ll be late if I don’t leave soon. “So they’re not actually breaking the law?” I ask.
“Of course they are. Like predatory pricing, but it’s a bitch to prove.” 
“Explain that to me,” I say. “I think I know, but pretend I don’t.”
“When a company purposely charges a fee that’s a money-loser for them in order to take business away from a competitor. That’s predatory pricing. The big cartels take profits from one area of the nation to drive out competition in another area, then when the competition is starved out, they increase the price and use the profit to dominate another area.”
Before I hang up, I repeat what Donna told me about infiltrating community groups, and my sense of what’s going on with the campaign contributions from people like Lynn Brady in Emeryville.  
“Oh sure,” he says, “Those are both right out of Con’s playbook. Chapter One and Chapter Two.”
“What about strong arm tactics? Like murder. Are they in the playbook?”
“They farm that stuff out. To these private security firms. Plausible deniability and all that. In some places, where they’ve bought one of the old mob-influenced firms, there might be a thug network still in place.”
“Like Oakland?”
“Like Oakland.”
I race to the memorial, afraid that I’ll be late, but of course it doesn’t start on time. Fittingly, the service is on the waterfront at Cesar Chavez Park, where Re-Be got its start, where the city established a dump about a century ago, where the Costanoan Indians piled their garbage long before the Europeans arrived. 
In the 1970s, the first generation of ecology true-believers donned work gloves and picked through garbage for reusable goods, like construction materials, lawnmowers, sinks, and toilets. That initial salvage operation spun off into what later became Re-Be. 
(I didn’t know this out until I started my reporting, but the name Re-Be came first as a standalone name, then later someone suggested it could stand for Recycle Berkeley.) 
The city closed the dump in the early 1980s, capped it and landscaped it. You can tell the park is sitting on a landfill because of the big smokestack sticking out of the grassy field. That’s where the methane gas, a byproduct of decomposition, vents. Without a smokestack, the methane would build up and explode or burn.
No explosions yet today, but it’s wild out here by the bay. The Diablo winds are whipping in from the inland valleys, blowing hot dry air towards the ocean. These are the northern California equivalent of L.A.’s Santa Anas. The wind almost always comes from the west, bringing fog in summer and rain in winter, but because of low pressure over the Pacific and butterflies flapping in the southern hemisphere or something like that, on a few rare occasions, the wind reverses direction. As I near the picnic site for the memorial, I recall a famous Raymond Chandler quote about the Santa Anas: “Every booze party ends in a fight. Meek little wives feel the edge of the carving knife and study their husbands’ necks. Anything can happen.” 
I do feel on edge. My senses are heightened. I’ve misplaced my sunglasses and I almost can’t look up because the achingly blue sky is so dazzling and clear. The early afternoon sun is reflecting off houseboat windows in Sausalito Harbor. 
On the hillside, a dozen or so kite flyers bend their knees and lean their bodies backward to fight the wind. Some have big sophisticated box kites that look powerful enough to sweep the flyers into the sky. Along the walking path are tree branches the wind has blown down.
There’s a huge turnout for the memorial. I count ninety-three at one point, and more arrive after the service starts. Most I recognize as part of the Re-Be extended family—board members, former and current volunteers and staff, colleagues from other recycling organizations. Kisa and Shannon organized the memorial because Doug’s parents scheduled a funeral in San Diego and, well, how many of us are going to head down there? I thought it was going to be a small private affair, but the word got out. Doug was a public figure of sorts. I see Gill Sykes and Tom Herman are here. Not together. Sykes, looking sharp in a black shirt and crisply pressed black pants, avoids my eyes. He promised last night to call me this morning, but hasn’t. Herman nods at me and smiles. There’s Jimmy Pawlowski on the outskirts, his hair slicked back, looking uncomfortable in a brown suit that’s far too small for him. 
As I peruse the crowd, I remember that I learned from some cop show that the murderer often makes an appearance at the funeral. The Berkeley police must have watched the same show because they’re here too. At the back of the crowd are two officers I recognize from the day I discovered the body. Dressed in civilian clothes. One still looks like a cop, but the other blends in with the Re-Be folks, laid back in a middle-aged hippie-earth-mother sort of way. 
Of course, Barb is here, standing next to Kisa. I don’t approach her, but nod and lift my finger in a tiny wave. She nods back, but breaks eye contact quickly. Renée slips in after the service starts. 
Two tables are covered with colorful cloths, anchored by rocks. One is stacked with food, the other displays mementos of Doug—photographs, newspaper clips (including one of my stories), a megaphone, a collection of toy trucks and moving equipment, rubber lizards, and a composting how-to book called Worms Eat My Garbage. A boom box plays an ethereal song by Enya. Doug would not have approved.
David Ginsberg acts as master of ceremonies. “This is not an official service,” he says. “We have no agenda. If you’d like to share any stories or thoughts about Doug, just come on up and do so. Then we’ll eat.”
The Doug described today is a different beast than the one I’ve been hanging around with in the past month. Many of the stories come from the past, before, well, no one says this, but before he starting acting psycho. 
I stand with my hands in my pockets, fingering my keys and coins, allowing a few tears to slide down my cheeks. The wind dries them instantly. I was so furious with Doug for treating me like shit that I forgot I had seen him as a potential friend. Maybe not a kindred soul, but someone more lost than I was. Someone so lost he didn’t know he was lost. I no longer think he was really trying to kill me when he pushed me in the baler. Of course, he would have hit the emergency stop button—he wasn’t that deranged. 
I’m surprised to see Tom Herman stroll to the front. 
“Good afternoon. My name is Tom Herman. I work for Consolidated Scavenger out in Walnut Creek. Doug Spaulding was a thorn in my side. He once barged into my office unannounced and called me an unrepentant corporate criminal. He got in my face at a board of supervisors meeting and accused me of shutting down independent recyclers. He made my life difficult. But when I heard he had died, I didn’t think, ‘Great, I won’t have to deal with him anymore.’ I thought ‘What a terrible loss.’ Doug Spaulding was not about to let me get away with a thing, and the world needs more people like that. They keep us on our toes. So I join you in recognizing his contributions and mourning his loss. God be with you, Doug.”
Shortly after Herman, Barb takes a turn in the front. She takes off her sunglasses before she starts. 
“I’m Barb Genessee. Until this past summer, Doug and I were together for ten years. I’ve never known someone as passionate and full of life and creative energy as Doug.” She hesitates, fiddles with her sunglasses. As she talks about Doug’s boundless ideas, I recall Doug saying that Barb could lie like a champ, but he could always tell. Can I? She seems so natural and vulnerable up there. It’s hard to believe she’s not being sincere. 
“I was trying to think of a story to tell on the way over here. There are so many. But the one that sticks with me is from about seven years ago when Doug and I went to India and I got sick as a dog. I couldn’t get anything down. I had a high fever. I couldn’t sleep. We were in a cheap hostel in Delhi. Doug found a store that sold applesauce and he kept shoveling spoonfuls in my mouth. Making me drink water. He kept a cold washcloth on my forehead. And he read me an entire book. Grapes of Wrath. The whole thing. Hour after hour. That’s how long I was sick. He stayed awake the whole time I was awake. He made up stories about why I was so sick, said there was a contentious Re-Be budget meeting going on inside my stomach and that’s why I couldn’t keep food down. I got better and now he’s gone and I can’t imagine a world without him. Last night I found the copy of Grapes of Wrath that we brought back from India and I couldn’t read a page without drenching it with tears. Thank you, Kisa and the rest of you for putting this memorial together.”
Once the service is over, Ginsberg suggests we reconvene at his house. It’s not exactly picnic weather here on the waterfront. Despite its warmth, the raging wind keeps us all off-balance. Miguel and I take the rocks holding down the tablecloths and throw them into the bay.
Renée asks me to give her more time. I hesitate, but I’m not sure what I’m going to do with the information I have anyway. My next print date isn’t until Wednesday. What do I do in the meantime? Tell Kisa? Ginsberg? 
“We’re scheduling an emergency meeting tomorrow,” she says. “Re-Be, that is.”
I ask her what I get for keeping mum.
“I’ll get you in to the meeting,” she says.


Chapter 18: Bad Dog
“There’s been a paradigm shift in the past five years,” says Re-Be board chair David Ginsberg. “Recycling used to be what we saved and separated from the garbage. Today, garbage is what’s left over after we recycle.” 
—Brian Hunter, “The End of Garbage,” East Bay Beat, October 21, 1998

[Saturday. October 24. 2:30 p.m.]

Renée gives me a ride up to Ginsberg’s. I ask her how Con recruited her, but she turns up the volume on the CD player. We talk about music. We like some of the same bands. Newt Crossing. The Hemorrhoids. She’s stalling for time. I don’t press. I’m not used to having this kind of power over anyone. 
Ginsberg lives in a charming old house near the top of Panoramic Drive, in Strawberry Canyon behind the Cal football stadium. He apologizes for the mess when we arrive, but I wish I had that kind of mess to apologize for. The dining room and living room are a riot of color. A yellow and green Mexican rug covers the back of one couch. One wall is painted the color of red wine. Another wall, a creamy gold, is covered by two wide abstract art canvasses, one with an orange corkscrew spiral pattern in the center. There’s a warm cherry floor, but you can hardly see it under all the rugs. The coffee table is piled with magazines. 
Food is set out on a round dining table with a white pumpkin in the center. The place is hopping already, though it’s a smaller crowd than at the park. It’s mostly the Re-Be extended family. No police, as far as I can tell. Miguel is arranging the mementos on a counter in the kitchen. A few people are on the deck, but it’s as windy here as down by the bay. 
Ginsberg has been a reassuring presence since the murder, so unruffled—not in the callous and slimy-smooth way of Tom Herman, but with a confident “yeah, this is hard, this murder and turmoil but we’ll deal with it. He seems pretty comfortable no matter where he is, whether it’s with a bunch of ragtag idealistic hippie recyclers or humorless city officials. He’s very affable as he shows me around his house, but when I ask him if the police have talked to him, he says yes, and then brusquely excuses himself.
I gravitate towards a corner where Kisa and Miguel and some other people I know are congregated. Miguel is talking about how Doug got into recycling.
“I just landed here, but Doug said he sought it out. He supported the environmental movement, but he thought it was too genteel, too much soft-hands middle-class office worker stuff. He wanted something hands-on, gritty, industrial, an actual service, not—”
“All that may be true,” says Kisa, “but I heard a different version.” 
She hesitated before starting. Miguel waved his hand. Please.
“It wasn’t long after Barb started at Re-Be, in the late ’80s, I guess. Doug had been working at some cooperative moving company in San Francisco that was falling apart.”
“Oh sure,” says Miguel. “Movement Movers.”
“So he met Barb, I don’t know, at some political event, and Barb told him about Re-Be, and then he talked himself into a job when there wasn’t even an opening or funding or anything. He never gave a thought to recycling before then, never, but he was taken with Barb.” 
Kisa smiles. I wonder where Barb is. 
“But Barb had a boyfriend. I forget his name, but he was a regular, reliable guy who was a lawyer, or maybe in law school. They’re at this party, Barb and her boyfriend and Doug, the three of them standing there, and Doug says to the boyfriend, ‘You know what would make me happy. You stop seeing Barb so I can.’” 
“The boyfriend was stunned and looked to Barb for help, but she was enjoying the situation, wasn’t about to rescue him. Finally, the guy said, ‘If that’s what she really wants.’
“Barb said, ‘I’d have to try it to see,’ and, well, that was the end of him and the beginning of Doug.”
A little later, Shannon introduces me to Doug’s parents, who got lost and missed the service. By the time they arrived at the park, we were packing up for Ginsberg’s. 
Berto and Dorothy—that’s what they insist we call them—look terrible, their eyes puffy behind thick glasses, their crisply pressed clothes practically holding up their slumping bodies. I’d heard they were vigorous for a couple in their late seventies, but they don’t look it at the moment. Bowed heads. Tight lips. When Berto stands to greet me, he stiffens as if he has to lock his knees so his legs won’t crumple beneath him.
Doug told me about his parents once, about how they expected big things of him, and weren’t shy about expressing their disapproval. Doug rebelled by aiming low, rejecting status, and embracing the underground. It was the ’60s in Southern California, so he had company. His parents were liberal lawyers who defended draft resisters, even Black Panthers, and romanticized the working class. But they wanted their son to aim higher.
“We pushed him too hard,” Dorothy says. I’m on my third glass of wine, but I’m behind Dorothy, who’s pouring it down. She’s talking to herself as much as to us. “He was a smart boy, but he didn’t want to follow in our footsteps. Maybe if I hadn’t lived for work, taking on everything and anything that came my way, maybe—”
“Don’t blame yourself, honey, he was a grownup,“ says Berto. He strokes her hand.  
“But if I had paid more attention—”
“Fine, have it your way,” he says, lifting his hand and leaning back on the couch. “It was your fault. Does that make you feel better? A fifty-year-old man is not living his life to spite his parents,” Berto says. “If he is, it’s his own damn fault.”
Dorothy starts talking about Doug’s childhood. I study Berto. Behind his thick glasses, he squints like Doug. He cheats like an actor on the stage, his head at a forty-five degree angle from Dorothy, looking at her out of the corner of his eyes, so even though I’m next to him, I can see the front of his face. He nods his head almost imperceptibly. He folds his hands tightly. He breathes quietly through his mouth, his lips loose and swollen. Suddenly, he winces, as if wracked by a spasm of grief. 
But a few seconds later, his eyes widen and his mouth opens into a smile. I look behind me. It’s Barb. Berto stands, walks towards her, and opens his arms. Barb falls into his embrace. 
“I’m so, so sorry,” she mumbles into his chest. Dorothy stops talking. Barb backs up, nods to the rest of us, then walks behind the couch and puts her hand tentatively on Dorothy’s shoulder. 
“I’m so sorry,” Barb says. “This must be so impossible for you.” 
An empty wineglass in her hand, Dorothy stares off into the distance.
No one says anything. I feel extremely hungry all of a sudden. I have an insatiable need to check out the paint job in the kitchen. I excuse myself to get some food. So does Shannon.
I eat, walk around, drink more wine. I drink water in between glasses of wine. Everyone seems to be sitting or standing in a group, but I don’t feel social. I notice a cute dark-haired woman in the kitchen schmoozing with a couple of people I don’t recognize —her arms and hands do a graceful dance as she speaks, and she leans forward with intensity as she listens. I don’t know if it’s shyness that keeps me from going over there or maybe I feel like it’s inappropriate. I recall some TV show where some cad hits on a woman at a funeral, but it’s his wife’s funeral and I don’t know why that should stop me from talking to someone here, but it does. What’s holding me back, of course, is that I want to talk with Barb, but she seems to have vanished. 
So when I spy her emerge from a side room with Doug’s parents and gather her purse and jacket to leave, I rush over and ask her if I can walk her to her car. She wraps her arms across her chest and gives my question some thought. Okay, she says.
Her dog, Einstein, is in the car, and he makes up for whatever enthusiasm Barb lacks. As she unlocks the door, Einstein, who’s sitting on the driver’s seat, pushes his nose through the opening. 
“How about we take him for a walk?” I suggest.
Einstein may not be as smart as his namesake, but he knows the word “walk” and he tries even harder to nose his way out the door. Barb holds her body against the door for a few seconds, then exhales with a big sigh and lets him out.
We’re a couple blocks from Claremont Canyon, which has a ridge trail popular with dog walkers. We walk up a concrete stairway between two big wooden houses. 
 “I had a great time with you when we went swimming.” I wait, two steps above her. She’s letting Einstein sniff a tree. “But with Doug’s body showing up and all, it seems like that night never happened.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean.”
“I was wondering why you haven’t returned my calls.” That’s not how I wanted to say it. “I mean, I guess I do know, what with the police asking you questions, and all the media attention. I just—“
“Just to save you the strain of having to ask the question, the answer is no, I did not kill Doug. End of discussion.”
“Well, I do remember you saying once you were afraid you might snap, and I, well, Doug did push you mercilessly.”
“I was afraid of that. I feel guilty now just for imagining hurting him.” 
We walk in silence. Einstein sniffs every few seconds. It’s all new to him. I feel like everything I want to ask Barb is off-limits, but then I remember the distressed look on her face when I saw her with Doug’s parents and I ask about them.
She seems to approve of the question. “Did I ever tell you about the first time I met them?” 
I shake my head.
“It was after we’d been together for about a year maybe. Doug got high in the car on the way down—I was still driving my old bug then—and when we got there, to La Jolla, his mother asked him how he was and he started talking about Re-Be and didn’t stop for half an hour. Then he said ‘I’m tired, I’ve got to lie down,’ and he went up to his old room, and there I was with his parents and he hadn’t even introduced us. His dad looked at me sideways and said, ‘So Douglas tells me that you’re good for him. Is he good for you?’ How do I skate with that one? I said yeah, mostly, but he’s been stressed out lately. 
“And Berto says, ‘Lately, you mean like the last thirty years?’ Anyway, he’s become very fond of me. But Dorothy is convinced I corrupted Doug, that he’d be a prominent legal scholar if I hadn’t come into the picture. I didn’t look forward to coming up here because I was afraid Dorothy would give me her usual spite. And she did. I was trying to be friendly and cheerful and she said I didn’t seem distraught enough, and I made the mistake of taking the bait. I told her about not sleeping and people acting weird to me at work, whispering behind my back. Mistake. She clapped her hands, said, ‘Bravo, bravo. Her pain is bigger than my pain.’ She talked about me in third person the whole time, as if I weren’t there. ‘She lost someone she’s already discarded and I lost my only son.’ I was good, though. I didn’t fight back, I was even empathetic, and then she burst into tears and wanted me to hug her.”
“Sounds pretty heavy.”
“Yeah.” She changes the subject, starts talking about how unsettling these dry Diablo winds feel, how long the hot spell has lasted, how much she likes these unusually warm nights. We both have nostalgic memories of shirtsleeve midwestern summer nights, so rare here. Barb tells me her tomato plants are confused by the heat. “They’re putting out new blossoms, not realizing there won’t be time for the fruit to ripen.”
“Kisa says you’re still helping with the reporting paperwork for the city,” I say. “That’s cool.”
“Well, I said I would. I haven’t been there in weeks,” she says.
“I thought she said you were coming regularly.”
“I think I would remember if I was.” She doesn’t say “end of discussion” this time, but I hear it in the cool tone of her voice. “Actually I feel bad that I haven’t,” she says, her voice softer and more intimate. “I promised I would.”
The warm wind chills me in a funny way. It’s not cold, but it’s not soothing the way warm evenings usually are. “You really looked stunning at the awards banquet,” I say. “I’ve never seen you look so glamorous.” 
She smiles. It feels like a game here. Pick the right question and I’ll be friendly. Another bulls-eye.
“It was fun to try that on. I probably wouldn’t have if it weren’t for the dress code that Kisa came up with. The glamour thing was like this corporate job I have. Make-believe. I’m not sure if it’s me, but maybe it is. I mean, do you ever feel like you’re trapped by other people’s perceptions of you? That’s why I’m so insistent that you don’t idealize me.”
“Well, if you meant to dissuade me by dressing all sexy and glamorous, you failed miserably.”
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but I dressed that way for myself, not for anyone else. Reminds me, I knew this woman in the dorms at college, not exactly a friend, but she would tell me her man troubles now and then. Who would have ever guessed? She was a beauty queen in high school—great figure, perfect skin, luminous blond hair—and she got all this attention from an early age and she got to like it and got all bitchy and superior and she said the only guys who she really liked were those who weren’t intimidated by her, and they were the guys who felt like they could get any women they wanted. So I don’t know why I’m telling you that except that when I got dressed up for the banquet, I remembered her and I thought, oh, so this is a little what that feels like. I felt really self-conscious. I’m almost forty years old, after all.”
“Good thing I had my camera to hide behind. You couldn’t see me drooling over you.”
“Don’t kid yourself.” She stoops down to pet Einstein. I start to ask her about how it feels to ‘act corporate,’ but she cuts me off. 
“Why is it we’re only talking about me? What about you, your reporting adventures? I know you got those photos published and I heard you were on the radio and everything.”
I can’t pass up that offer. I tell her about getting whacked in the thigh by Wilson, my conversations with Tom Herman and Jimmy the scrap metal guy, meeting Donna. Einstein’s getting a longer walk than he expected, but he’s pulling us along happily and sniffing all these new smells. The trail is dusty. The sun is setting. 
I feel like I can talk forever. Maybe she’s only trying to avoid my questions, but she seems interested. I tell her I want to get a staff job at the Beat, where I’ll actually get paid every week even if I don’t write a story. “Assuming they don’t catch on that I’m an imposter,” I add. “If they only knew—”
“Brian, why do you do that?” Her voice is scolding, but I hear caring too. “You’re forever talking about how you used to be. But that’s not who you are now. You’re stuck in the past. You’ve got this desperate, longing, almost feminine, quality in you and that’s going to make it hard for the woman of your dreams to sit down for a cup of coffee with you, knowing so much is riding on every sip.”
Ouch!
“I have been changing, even though my old self is still lurking underneath. It’s like I’ve brushed a new coat of paint over poorly prepped walls. I’m afraid it won’t last.” 
“So what? Here you are gallivanting along on this investigative reporting path, and you got those photos published, and that was all you being assertive. You’ve been plenty aggressive with me, despite my warnings.” She touches my arm. “You remind me of the Wizard of Oz characters, like the scarecrow and the tin man. They don’t realize they have brains, a heart, courage. You’re a wonderful man, but you don’t know that yet.”
“Could you repeat that? I’d like to hear it again.”
She laughs.
“So you’re saying I’m not confident?” I say.
“Exactly.”
“Well, I’m not going to apologize for that.”
“You’re so unlike Doug. He was confident far out of proportion to what he had to offer.” 
I tell her more about other leads I’ve been following, feeling more cocky than apologetic for the moment, then I ask her if she knows anything about the “anarchist printer” Doug was allegedly hanging out with—she doesn’t—and pretty soon I’m grilling her about Con’s infiltration and manufacturing of grassroots community groups. 
“Brian, there you are going into your reporter mode again. You know what I think about that.” 
“But wouldn’t it bother you if you knew that Con was manipulating community groups?” 
 “Brian, I don’t need you or Doug or anyone to be poisoning me about what Scavenger did wrong today. I know the score. Doug sent me five copies of every report or newspaper story ever published about Con’s misconduct. I had to get away—from Doug, from Re-Be, from the whole self-righteous, self-flagellating ‘save the goddamn planet’ scene. But no one will let me. Kisa keeps calling and asking for help. Doug kept throwing whatever doubts I had back in my face. You won’t let me either. You’ve turned me into this archetypal character for your own devices, this idealist turned mercenary. I don’t want to be a metaphor for anybody’s grand hypothesis. I’m just a girl with a dog. Get over it.”
I lean over to pet Einstein. “You hear that, fellow. She’s talking about you.”
“Everyone acts like I’ve got cooties,” she says. “Or they’re like you. They tiptoe around me like I’m some ancient Egyptian urn, about to crack.”
“That’s why I was surprised you went ballistic about that story—because you are tough.”
“Well, that was horrible judgment, and If I’m so tough,” she sighs, “why is everything so goddamn hard?” 
I reach over to touch her, but she bends down to rub Einstein between the ears. I can’t see her face. 
We walk in silence for a few minutes. Through the trees, I see the purple and orange of the sunset. 
“You know Doug accused me of working at Scavenger to spite him and that’s not the case at all, but there is the tiniest teeniest sliver of truth there. I mean, where else could I work that Doug would hate more? But I didn’t pursue it. The job found me. And I know it’s a good thing for me to get some experience in the private sector. It’s not like I’ve signed my life away. I’m trying it on for size. Does that mean I have to carry the weight of Scavenger’s criminal record on my shoulders? You oppose U.S. foreign policy, right? Does that mean you wouldn’t take a federal job? Like working for the Park Service? I need the money. You know I’m sending money to help my mother. To help pay for her caregiver.”
Barb never told me much about her family, but I know from Kisa that she’s had her share of tragedy. At ten, her father walked out on her mother and three kids and she didn’t see him again until she was an adult. At sixteen, her license still shiny in her purse, she was driving her youngest brother to a soccer game when she bungled a turn and swung the car, passenger side first into an oncoming car. Her brother was wearing a seatbelt, but was killed instantly. Barb was unharmed.
“My goal is to prevent materials from being wasted, and I feel like I can do more of that at Scavenger than anywhere else. I can help make Scavenger better. For Doug, making Con better is postponing the revolution. But the revolution is not at hand, and if it is, Re-Be is not at the center of it. And sure it’s a good thing to reduce waste, but it’s far from revolutionary. For Christ’s sake, the dump in Mexico City ‘supports’ 10,000 people, and they’re not rummaging through there to save anyone but themselves and their family. But here I am defending myself again. End of speech. I’m tired of that.”
Her lightness is gone. We turn onto a narrow uphill trail that leads us back to where we started. It’s steep and rutted, with tree roots serving as steps. We’re both breathing hard.
“With all this talking about my work and yours,” I say, slowing down for her to catch up, “I’ve left out the main thing going on with me, which is that I’m thinking about you. Hung up on you, if I may be so honest.” As soon as I say it, I feel an urge to apologize, but I hold my tongue. It’s not like she doesn’t already know this. 
“How long are you going to live in your office?” she says. 
“Where did that come from?”
“Well, if you’re going to want to date women and things like that, you might want to get yourself a real place.”
I feel a little defensive, but she’s teasing as much as criticizing, I think, and I’m flattered that she’s even noticed my living conditions. 
“It is starting to get old having to go to the Y to take a shower,” I say.
“Brian, I know you have this anti-materialist streak in you. So do I. But you’re forty years old and you have to get real. You meet a woman, she sees you living in your office, not having a car, doing freelance writing and accounting, she’s not going to stick around to succumb to your charms.”
“This is temporary. It’s been three months.. I’ve got to make this change and I cut all the corners I can with money. I could keep doing bookkeeping and get an apartment, but I’d be dying, I’d be dull. This woman you’re referring to. Is that you? Do those things—the house, the car—do they matter to you?”
“Brian, there’s nothing wrong with wanting nice things. Regardless of what Doug and his purist ilk say, the working class, the third world, ‘our brave brothers and sisters who hold up the sky,’ they want this stuff too. What’s not to like about a comfortable bed, a good shower, nice furniture? But don’t you go running to fix these things on my account. I told you, I’m on the disabled list.”
I search for a wisecrack, but come up empty. 
She pauses in midstep, then Einstein jerks her forward on his long leash. We walk in silence for a few minutes. We stop. Einstein noses around near a pile of dog poop.
“Well, I’m working on it,” I say, feeling as earnest as I sound. 
“I just want you to know that I haven’t been ignoring your phone calls because I don’t like you or anything. I’m just feeling overwhelmed with all this Doug-related stuff. I’m laying low. I guess I have been a bit standoffish. I admire what you’re doing, well, except for the thing with Doug and me. That was not necessary.”  
We’ve leveled out. We’re facing the Oakland harbor, where the huge white cranes dominate the horizon. I hear Einstein grunting and turn around. He’s gone back to that mound of poop and now he’s rolling in it, squirming with abandon. 
“Damn dog,” Barb yells, yanking the leash. “No. No, get out of there. Einstein, come here.” 
He doesn’t pay any attention. He leans his head back, his tongue hanging out, his legs up in the air. Barb grabs Einstein’s collar and pulls him away.
“Bad dog, Bad dog. Shit, shit, shit.”
Einstein’s back is covered with the poop. There’s a dollop on his ears, another above his eyes. 
Barb lets go of his collar, squeezes her eyes shut. She clenches her fists and has a mini-tantrum right there on the trail. But quickly, she loosens and starts crying. “Damn dog. Just what I need.”
I hold her. She’s shaking.
“It’s okay. We’ll clean him up. I’ve got a utility sink in my studio that’s big enough for him to stand in.”
She leans her head against my chest. 
“I’m just feeling so fragile lately,” she says, “Every little thing upsets me. Maybe I’m too quick to defend Scavenger. But it’s hard not to get defensive when everyone’s attacking you.”
We walk back to her car without much talking. It’s a long ten minutes. She composes herself, but as she drives me home, she looks like she’s about to cry again. Einstein is crying—Barb has lashed him tightly against the inside of the hatchback so he won’t get dog shit all over the car, and he whimpers and tries to pull free. She drives fast. 
As she approaches the front of my warehouse, I detach my seat belt and say, “You don’t have to stop, just slow down and I’ll roll out onto the pavement.”
But of course, she does stop, and when I offer again to help her wash the dog, she accepts and we have a reasonably good time goofing around with Einstein in the utility sink, as good a time as you can have with a dog who’s rolled in shit and a woman who’s roiled in melancholy. 
It takes about five towels to dry off Einstein, and then we have to clean out of the back of the car, but in an odd way, it feels more intimate than our swimming adventure.
“Would you like to stay here tonight,” I ask, “even though I don’t have a real place?” I say it in a light enough way that it sounds like a what-the-hell offer, not a request. 
“Thanks, but no.”
I’ll call you tomorrow,” I say, as she climbs into the driver’s seat.
“Please don’t,” she says. “I—“
“Okay, I won’t. No need to explain.”
I lean in, holding the door for balance, and give her a quick kiss. She lifts her face to me, and I feel a small, but real kiss from her. If there were a meter that could divide up the energy of the kiss, it would read 90 percent me, 10 percent Barb. But 10 percent is encouraging somehow. 
I walk around the back of Barb’s car and Einstein follows me with his eyes. I wave at him. He’s wet and constrained in the back of the car, but I can see the sparkle in his eyes. You can’t keep a good dog down.  


Chapter 19: Paid Protesters
Two dozen sign-carrying protestors from churches and neighborhood groups in Pittsburg, in Contra Costa County, marched in front of the Sierra Club’s national headquarters near the Civic Center yesterday, challenging the organization to uphold its stated support of environmental justice by opposing a proposed landfill in Manzanita Canyon south of Pittsburg.
—Scott Burnett, “Protesters Charge Sierra Club With ‘Callous Lack of Action’ on Controversial Landfill,” San Francisco Chronicle, May 14, 1996

[Sunday. October 25. 10 a.m.]

Sunday morning I take BART to Pittsburg and visit five churches before I find someone who gives me more than a shrug. She gives me a snarl. The streets are ghostly quiet. I walk three blocks and only see a few passing cars. 
Pittsburg is an uneasy mix of sleepy slum and bland bedroom community. An industrial magnet during World War II, it attracted blacks from the South with good paying jobs in the factories and shipyards. But the shipyards closed and as the Bay Area boomed, the suburbs pushed east and the outskirts of Pittsburg blossomed with subdivisions. So though it’s far smaller, it reminds me of my hometown of St. Louis, with its bleak central city, full of boarded up storefronts and mission food kitchens, ringed by middle-class and affluent subdivisions. 
When I find Leland Baptist Church, where Reverend Charles Johnson preaches, there’s a small sign about services on Wednesday night, but nothing seems to be happening this morning.
I haven’t been to Pittsburg before so I’m drinking it in, which distracts me at least partially from rehashing my conversation with Barb. She was infuriatingly inconsistent, sometimes genuinely kind, other times shutting me down. We covered a lot of ground, both walking and talking, but the walk was at least a loop, while the conversation jumped backward and forward, between intimate and chilly. That maddening combination sucked me in—seemed like when she let down her guard, she came closer, and then once she noticed that, she pulled back. But I’m losing my conviction that she had nothing to do with Doug’s murder. It’s not that I think she actually did the deed, but I’m starting to wonder what happens if my desire to win her heart and my pursuit of the murderer collide with each other. And I’m aghast that the possibility that she may have killed Doug doesn’t dissuade me in the least from pursuing her. I want her more than ever and I’m afraid that when she says she’s not ready what she really means is she’s not interested.
I arrive at Christ the Redeemer Baptist Community Church as the service ends. The church was once a corner store. Its large window has been replaced with white plywood and the name of the church is stenciled in black. I wait patiently while the minister greets his polite and well-dressed parishioners, but when I ask him about Reverend Johnson and the protest over the landfill, he gives me a brief “I don’t know what you’re talking about” response and excuses himself. I turn to leave, and almost bump into a large, round woman with small eyes. She wears a dark purple choir robe and nestles a newspaper under her arm. 
“Whenever some do-gooder white person comes to see us,” she says, “my first question is, what’s in it for you? Cause I ain’t seen a lot of do-gooders doing good for us.”
She speaks in a booming voice, although I can tell she’s only using a fraction of it. I’ve only run into blankness and indifference so far today, so her sharp words jolt me awake. 
“I’ll tell you what’s in it for me,” I say. “I’m writing a story for a weekly newspaper in Oakland about the misdeeds of a big garbage company, Consolidated Scavenger—I believe they do your garbage and recycling pickup here—and I will spend a week doing interviews and writing the story, and if they accept it for publication, which there’s no guarantee of, I get paid two hundred dollars. So I’m not getting rich. You may not believe this, but I’m trying to find out what actually happened and to tell the truth. I think that this garbage company lied to Pittsburg residents and committed illegal acts. I’m trying to prove that.”
“Illegal. My, now I’m impressed.”
“Look, did I offend you in some way or is my mere presence somehow offensive?”
She smiles. She’s clearly more at home with this contentious repartee than I am. She may even be having fun. 
“You do look sincere,” she says, her voice softening for a second. “Could be a good acting job.” 
“I am sincere. If there’s any acting I’m doing, it’s acting like I’m comfortable and confident talking to you when I’m actually really nervous.” 
I look down, and when I look up again, her eyes are right there waiting for me. The lobby smells musty. I try again.
“Let me tell you what I know.” I’m polite and resolute. “Someone who used to work for Scavenger told me that the company organized a group of Pittsburg residents, mostly through the black churches, to oppose a nearby landfill. And that maybe these churches, these ministers were used. Were manipulated.”
“You think that’s news?” she jeers, her eyes narrowing. “You think that doesn’t happen eight days out of the week out here? Tell me something new, honey, tell me something new.” But her tone is softer, less caustic. 
“Okay, maybe this happens all the time and I’m oh so naïve, but what I heard is that Scavenger practically created this opposition group, and made it look like it was the community speaking out when it wasn’t.. Do you know Reverend Charles Johnson, from the Leland Baptist Church?”
“Why don’t you talk to him?”
“I’d like to, but his church appears to be closed and there’s no service today. Besides, he was the one who did most of the talking, so my guess is that he knew what he was doing. I bet some of the others didn’t.” 
“Like me?”
“So you do know what I’m talking about?” I ask, my voice as mild as I can make it. 
She notices the huddle of parishioners hovering in the doorway, pretending not to listen, and motions me to follow her. We walk down a steep stairway into a low-ceilinged room where a couple of dozen people are congregating. She leads me to a silver percolator and asks if I want some coffee. I say I do. She fills two white foam cups. We sit down in folding chairs. I thought I was the only white person here, but I see a small redheaded woman who looks like she’s there with her husband and little boy. 
“My name is Brian Hunter,” I say as we sit down. 
“Mary Willis,” she says. “I’m the pastor’s wife. And assistant.” She sits erectly and sips her coffee. Her thick body dwarfs the chair. 
“We didn’t involve the congregation,” she says. “We’re not a political church. We’re trying to take care of our own families.”
Her voice is earnest now, almost demure. She’s speaking so softly I have to lean closer to hear her. A couple stands nearby, their backs to us, eating pastries off paper plates. “A landfill outside of town? Why not stop whatever we can. They’re always putting the things no one wants in our neighborhoods. So I put in some time.”
“There was a demonstration outside the Sierra Club headquarters in San Francisco, in the Tenderloin about two years ago. Were you there?”
“I was. We drove about a dozen people out there.”
“Did you carry a sign?”
“I believe I did.”
“How did this come about?” I ask. “How did you hear about it?”
“Someone asked me.”
“Do you remember who?”
“Can’t say as I do.”
“Reverend Johnson?”
“Could be.”
“I mentioned that I spoke recently with someone who used to work for Consolidated Scavenger. You are familiar with them?”
She nods.
“I can’t tell you who this person is because I promised confidentiality, but this person tells me that Scavenger opposed the landfill outside of Pittsburg because it was proposed by one of their competitors and they, Scavenger, wanted to build one of their own, out near Antioch. So Scavenger started calling it the Pittsburg landfill, even though it was actually closer to Walnut Creek or Concord.” 
The coffee is undrinkable. I’ve laced it with some non-dairy latex whitener – but it’s still weak and bitter. You live in Berkeley long enough and you become a coffee snob without intending to. 
I continue. “So this person who worked for Scavenger helped create a fake community group to oppose the Pittsburg Landfill. This person said that the idea was to frame it as an environmental justice struggle. The big bad garbage company locating its landfill in a poor minority community.” 
“What do you mean, created a fake group?” 
“Well, I mean that, according to this person, it wasn’t a grassroots group started by community members in Pittsburg, it was paid employees of Consolidated Scavenger who started it. I don’t know the details. That’s why I’m here asking questions.”
“So you want me to tell you I fell for it, is that what you want?”
“No, Mrs. Willis, that’s not what I want to hear, unless that’s what happened.” I pause. “I’m trying to confirm that this story about the fake community group is true. I know this is confusing. You say you were recruited by Reverend Johnson.”
She nods, looking uncomfortable, but she’s not leaving.
“This doesn’t mean your concerns weren’t legitimate,” I say, turning up the volume on the sincerity. “I’m sure you have plenty of experiences where big companies run roughshod over your community.”
She leans back in her chair and folds her hands.  
“My husband and I are positive, life-affirming people,” she says. “Reverend Willis, he preaches hope. We look for what is good and praise that. I believe we all have Christ inside us, every one of us, even those young men who hang out on the corner drinking malt liquor. I try not to be negative. I try to keep a sense of hope, of perspective. But that does not mean that when some stranger comes in here and gives me a song and dance about how we are being taken advantage of, I am not suspicious that maybe he’s just one more person about to take advantage of us.”
“I understand,” I say. I take a tiny sip of coffee and put it down on the floor. It hasn’t gotten any better. 
“I’m going to be totally honest with you and you decide whether to trust me,” I say. “I mean, I have been being honest already.” I take a breath and regroup. 
“I would like very much to publish a carefully checked story that says Consolidated Scavenger did some illegal and unethical things, like create and manipulate this community group, and I would very much like to quote you and use your name. But I don’t want to embarrass you or your husband or your fellow ministers. I don’t want it to make you out to be dupes.”
“Sounds like we were,” she says. ”I don’t know for sure. All I can tell you is that we showed up at that event because Reverend Johnson asked us to.”
She asks me not to use her name—damn, why won’t anyone go on the record?—but she gives me names of others who were at San Francisco rally. I use the bathroom before I leave and pour the coffee down the drain. 
Late afternoon, back in my studio, I search the phone books on the Web and find a few phone numbers. I get an answer on the third call. 
“Hi, I’m looking for Leroy Washington.”
“Hey, that’s me,” he shouts.
He sounds drunk. Good.
“Leroy, my name’s Brian Hunter. I got your name from a minister in Pittsburg. I’m looking for people who were part of this rally in San Francisco, in the Tenderloin. It was a year or two ago. It was about a landfill near Pittsburg and there were maybe a couple of dozen of you marching with signs outside the Sierra Club office in the city. Ring a bell?”
“I was there. Yeah, I remember.” I hear a television in the background. He sounds pleased that he’s remembered.
“Do you remember how you became part of that?”
“I got paid.” Then he yells and claps. “Yes, yes!!”
“Football?” I ask. “What’s the score?”
“Chiefs 24, Raiders 10. Just lose, baby!”
“Can I ask how much?
“I told you, guy, 24 to 10.”
“I meant how much did you get paid for going to that rally? Do you remember?”
“Fifty dollars. Plus lunch at some Vietnamese place. Had me some spicy chicken deal. With these fat noodles. Much better than I was thinking.” 
“Did other people get paid too?”
“We all had lunch, guy. We crowded in this tiny place.”
“Did you know anything about the landfill you were protesting?”
“Hey, I can be against anything if you pay me fifty dollars.”
I tell him I want to use his name in the story. He’s never heard of the East Bay Beat.
“For fifty dollars, I’m your guy.”
“I can’t pay you anything,” I say.
“Fuck that,” he says.
I pause for a couple of seconds, giving him a chance to say more. He doesn’t.
“So you’re rooting for the Chiefs?” I ask.
“There’s a problem with that?”
“No, no, I used to root for the Chiefs. I used to be from Missouri. I mean, I still am from there. But I live here. 
“K.C.?”
“St. Louis. But I rooted for both teams.”
“I’m from K.C.”
“Newspapers don’t pay people who are in stories,” I say. “That’s not the way it works. You’re part of the news.”
He’s chewing on something crunchy. “Okay, you just say if they’s looking for someone to carry signs, Leroy’s your guy.”


Chapter 20: Confession
And there are a plenty of myths to be debunked, not the least of which is that recycling is so virtuous. In fact, recycling is just perfect for our consumer culture. You can buy as much shit as you want, but that’s cool because you’re recycling the cardboard packaging.
—Brian Hunter, “The End of Garbage,” East Bay Beat, October 21, 1998

[October 25. Sunday. 6 p.m.]

Sunday night, fourteen of us crowd into the basement family room in the house that Kisa grew up in. Her two moms still live here, in an old four-story building at the base of the Berkeley hills and in the shadow of hundred-year-old redwoods. One wall of the basement is underground, the opposite wall full of wide windows with views of the tall buildings in Emeryville and downtown Oakland. In the corner window, a green and white sign proclaims, “Sarah Gluckman: Government for the people, by the people.”
“Sorry to have been so mysterious about this meeting,” Renée says, from a stool in a corner. “I know the eviction threat is on everyone’s mind, and the murder, but I’m sorry I have to add to that.”
She looks pale. No earrings or jewelry. Tired eyes.
“Someone asked why is Brian here. I’ll get to that.” She squeezes her fists. “Wow, I knew this would be hard, but...”
She has everyone’s attention. Kisa sit backwards on a chair, gripping the top wooden slat. Miguel slumps on the couch with his hands folded tightly. Shannon sits next to him, leaning forward, her chin in her hand. Other than me, only staff members are present. No one from the board. 
“I’m not a murderer. This is not about Doug.” She looks down at her legs. “But I am here to confess something I’m ashamed of. I don’t expect you to forgive me. I expect you to fire me. I screwed up big.”
She’s been studying the back of her hands. She looks up.
“We’re here, Renée. We’re listening,” says Shannon. 
Renée takes a sip from her water bottle.
”Okay, five weeks ago, I sort of – okay, I’m just going to blurt it out. Five weeks ago, I accepted a job at Consolidated Scavenger. I was —” She raises her voice to run over the rumble of disbelief, but then stops and buries her head in her chest until it quiets down. Shannon bolts up as if to speak, then sits back down. Kisa shoots me a dirty look, as if I’m the one who took the job at Con, or maybe it’s because I didn’t immediately come to her with what I knew. 
 “I was annoyed with this place. With Re-Be, I mean.” Her voice is quaking. “Everyone was fighting all the time.” She covers her eyes with her hand for a second, then takes a deep breath and sweeps the room with her eyes. “But it gets worse. Scavenger wanted me to stay here at Re-Be and ‘monitor’ what was going on. I agreed to do that. Please let me finish.”
I try to write down Renée’s every word, but I’m running a sentence or two behind. Now she’s crying, and it’s hard to hear her words amidst her sobs.
“Remember how Doug said there was a ‘spy’ at Re-Be. That was me.”
We’re all silent now, and the only sounds are her sniffles and the tinkling of a piano from one of the neighbors. 
“All I had to do was tell them about the people who worked here,” she says, regaining her composure. “Let me skip to the end. I’m not telling you this because I’m brave or anything. I got caught. By Brian. That’s why he’s here. Friday night I went to a meeting in San Francisco. Tom Herman was there. Gill Sykes was there – he’s Sheila Womack’s aide. There were three people from the city public works office. The meeting was sort of about how, if Re-Be got evicted or shut down, how there could be a temporary arrangement for Con to do the curbside collection and processing. They asked me what Re-Be would do if the city repossessed the trucks or baler. I didn’t know they could.”
“They can’t,” says Miguel. 
“Whatever. They were talking about seizing the moment while the crime scene tape is still up and doing the eviction now, but I think they’re afraid of the backlash. I wished I wasn’t there. I felt like I was betraying Re-Be. Because I was. I was thinking I would quit and leave town. Move back to Boston. But I was found out. Brian here”—she gestures towards me sitting in the back furiously scribbling away – “he found out about the meeting and was waiting for us in the hallway. He asked me what I was doing there. I didn’t have an answer.”
“That’s because—” Shannon starts to speak, but Renée cuts her sharply. 
“Let me finish! This is hard enough.”
“It should be hard,” says Shannon, her arms folded across her chest.
Renée collects herself before she continues. 
“I was used. Willingly. I sold out Re-Be for money. I’m so ashamed. Brian told me he hoped I was making a bundle out of this, that I didn’t want to sell out my friends for a few measly pennies. But it wouldn’t matter how much it was. It would still be wrong. But I’m finished with Con. I resigned today—by phone and fax and e-mail. It’s too late, I know, but —”
She pauses, but no one says anything. 
“I can’t undo what I did, but I did not run to the airport like I wanted to. That may not sound like much, but it’s all I have. I’m here. How can I help? I’m willing to go public with this, uh, statement, this confession. And I will help you fight these bastards in the city and Scavenger who are trying to put us down. However I can. I’ve been frustrated here, you know that—this is a messy, disorganized place full of headstrong people – but you guys are here because you care, and these Scavenger people, the city officials, I feel like I have to take a hot shower after talking to them. That’s it. I’m done. You have to fire me, I know, but you might want to wait until I finish the training. We’ll have a few more interns ready to go. If we stay open. Is that what we talk about next?”
She sits down, then after about ten seconds of silence, Kisa speaks up, first addressing Renée, then the others. “Thank you for telling us this.” She enunciates her words crisply, almost exaggeratedly so, in a calm, measured tone. “I would like to suggest that we go on to our discussion about the potential eviction, let this Renée situation percolate, come back to it later. We’ve got a lot of things to figure out. What do you all think?”
There’s some discussion, then an agreement to follow Kisa’s suggestion. They ask me to leave. 
Renée walks me outside. She looks calm. Obviously, it’s been a relief to unburden herself and, so far, everyone seems surprisingly forgiving and unfazed. 
“Thank you for letting me do it this way,” she says. “I hated you for showing up on Friday, but you forced me to do what I should have done myself. It’s so bizarre. I lie and I betray and but somehow telling the truth makes it a little better. Feels like some parable from the bible or something.”
She shakes her head. 
“I still want to get on that plane though. Even now.”
I ask her who at Scavenger hired her. A man named Bob Zellner, she says. What about Tom Herman? I ask. Where does he fit in? 
“I couldn’t say,” she says. “I never met him until Friday night.”
When I tell her that the Beat might want a photograph of her, she’s surprised at first, then tries not to appear pleased. “Whatever,” she says. 
As I’m unlocking my bike, Kisa and Renée and the others rush out the front door and bound down the steps. 
“What’s going on?”
“One of our neighbors down by Re-Be called,” Kisa says, climbing into her truck. “The eviction crew is there right now locking up the yard. We’re going to stop them.” 

Chapter 21: Did They Think We Didn’t Know How to Call an Electrician?
Re-Be spokesperson Kisa Bettis called last night’s eviction a “naked power grab” by the NFBs. “The city owes us more than $60,000 in reimbursement for residential curbside collection of recycling, work we’ve already done, and we owe only half of that in rent. There’s no legitimate reason for the eviction.”
—KPFA News, October 26, 1998

[October 26. Monday. 7 a.m.]

I’m up early Monday morning, but not as early as Kisa and Miguel, who have already set up a screened tent canopy in the driveway in front of the Re-Be gates, which are chained and padlocked with three thick rubber-coated fluorescent orange locks. A security guard slouches in a car in front of the gate, reading the newspaper, seemingly unperturbed by the five Re-Be staffers huddled around a card table under the canopy. A four-page eviction notice is tacked to the wooden “Welcome to Recycle Berkeley” sign, the paper rustling in the light breeze. 
The winds are still blowing from the east, but they’ve calmed down. I wander around, take photos, ask questions. No one seems to know anything. A reporter from a radio station interviews me, but all I can do is speculate. By mid-morning, it’s already too hot in the sun to be wearing a black shirt. 
Back in my studio, after I change into a light blue tank top, I call the city and get shuffled around to a woman I’ve never spoken with before, a rattled Elizabeth Cortland. She says she’ll have to call me back, but when she does, she reads a terse statement that reveals nothing new. Re-Be was evicted because it didn’t pay its rent and refused to negotiate in good faith. Why now? I ask. She reads the statement again. The city may have succeeded at taking Re-Be by surprise, but it certainly hasn’t put any crack spinmeisters on the case.
I phone Donna at work and tell her about my adventures in Pittsburg. She’s interested, but clearly uncomfortable. Three times she says I can’t use her name. Three times I tell her I’ve already promised I won’t. She pumps me for information about the people I interviewed in Pittsburg—I can see she knows how to be a reporter. I ask her if she was involved in the so-called environmental justice rally in San Francisco. 
She doesn’t say anything. I ask if she’s still there. Repeat the question. “Not ‘involved’ exactly,” she says. “But, uh, I was there.”
I wait. That sound pretty involved.
“I wasn’t in any leadership role or anything. I—I told you this was bad. But I was surrounded by people saying that Solano Sanitary was shoving their landfill down the throats of low-income minority residents and we had a responsibility to help them.” Now the words are gushing. “It sounded like there really was a community movement and we were just helping it out. I thought I was doing the right thing. We made a three thousand dollar donation to their group, and the deal was that they would get forty protesters to the rally. They ended up with about twenty-five.”  
“Who paid who?” I ask, softly.
“I can’t tell you that. I do know we gave the money in advance because they needed it to recruit people to come.”
“They? Was that Reverend Charles Johnson?”
“I can’t say any more,” she says, her voice quivering. She sniffles. 
“Are you okay?” 
“I don’t know why I didn’t say anything at the time. We gave them cash, in ten- and twenty-dollar bills. What was I thinking? I have to get back to work. I’m sorry.” 
I walk to my studio door and open it to let in some fresh air. I sit at my desk making notes. The story was due today at noon, but I got an extension until tomorrow. I had way too much material even before the eviction happened, even before going to Pittsburg. I don’t know where to start. I feel bad for Donna. I want to give her comfort, but I’m about to write a story that will make her feel worse. Even without mentioning her name. She’ll know.
The reporter in me is thrilled about the eviction. More action. More conflict. But I have to wonder: why is the city evicting Re-Be now, less than a week after the murder, a little more than a week before a hotly contested election? It looks like the “undisguised power grab” that Kisa called it on the radio. I suppose the eviction could have been scheduled for this weekend all along. If Sheila Womack is behind it, and she certainly has been the one making the most noise about Re-Be misdeeds, why is she risking such a dramatic move now? She’s the incumbent. Sure, she’s expected to win, despite Sarah Gluckman’s headstrong challenge, but if she wants Re-Be out and Con in badly enough, why not sit tight until the current contract expires in the spring? Maybe they went forward with the eviction because I crashed that secret meeting Friday night. Could I have unintentionally set some wheels in motion? 
Whether the eviction is legal or not, it’s certainly a slap in the face to the Re-Be crew, and they are not likely to turn the other cheek.
They don’t. All morning, they summon reporters and friends. The city calls a press conference in the afternoon. Once again, there are a lot of empty words and not much information, but I do get a chance to grill Sheila Womack in front of one TV crew and four other reporters. 
Not your typical Berkeleyan, Womack wears black pleated pants and a gray sweater, and carries herself regally, leading with her chin. Her silvery blond hair is pulled back into a tight bun, her black reading glasses hang on a plaid cord around her neck. Her lips are thin, her eyes small and deep. 
I sit in the first row, and after her short statement, stand up and say that Re-Be seems to be in a catch-22 situation. It can’t pay the rent because the city keeps holding up reimbursements that it owes Re-Be. 
“That is a legitimate problem,” she says, “but this town is full of banks that are in the business of loaning money.”
“Yes, but the city owes Re-Be $60,000 in reimbursements. Why have those payments been held up for four months?”
“The documentation justifying the reimbursements has not been completed satisfactorily,” she says. “We can’t just write checks willy-nilly without proper accountability.”
I know Re-Be has borrowed money several times to get through short-term cash-flow crises. Maybe this is all part of Doug’s plan, to orchestrate this standoff, dare the city to follow through with the eviction. But Doug’s not here to lead the counter-attack. 
Years ago, Doug argued against signing a contract with the city in the first place, saying it gave the city too much power. But money and benefits won the day. Until four years ago, when the first two-year contract kicked in, Re-Be workers didn’t have health insurance coverage. And lifting recycling bins was tough on the back. Bottles and cans can be pretty heavy even when they’re empty. 
One of the TV reporters asks who will pick up the recyclables while Re-Be is shut down. Womack says that the city has contracted with Consolidated Scavenger and another hauler in the North Bay to provide temporary pickup. She keeps using the word temporary. Nothing permanent has been decided, she emphasizes.
I slip in one last question as she steps away from the microphone. 
“Councilwoman Womack, do you know Lynn Brady and James Wilcox?” 
She gives me a blank look.
“They each gave $500 to your campaign. They don’t live in Berkeley.”
She lifts her chin and I see her neck stiffen for a second. She has a small flabby web of wrinkles at the base of her neck, just above the top of her sweater. They tighten up, but her face remains stern and impassive.
“I don’t personally know everyone who gives to my campaign,” she says, stepping back to the microphone. 
“Wilcox and Brady are Consolidated Scavenger employees, not highly paid either,” I say. “It looks like it’s not their own money they’re giving, but Scavenger’s. That’s a violation of our state campaign finance laws.” 
“Where did you get this information?”
“I spoke with Lynn Brady at her house last week,” I say. “Her house in Emeryville, by the way, not Berkeley, and not only has she never made any donations to any campaigns before, she didn’t even know who you were. She’s not even registered to vote. Wilcox, same story. And there are others.” 
These last parts I make up, but it works. Womack opens her mouth, but nothing comes out. She toys with the microphone. 
“So are you going to return the money?” I ask. “If Scavenger is financing your campaign through these people, that’s illegal.” I say it too soon. I should have waited, let her break the silence. Milk the tension.
She tightens her left fist, loosens it, then says, in a measured voice, “If the contributions are determined to be illegal, I will return them.” 
“It just seems too coincidental,” I say. The TV cameras are turning back and forth between us as if following a tennis match. I wish I’d taken a shower this morning. “You’ve spoken out against Re-Be mismanagement, and you’ve threatened eviction publicly, all since these contributions came to you, all since this initiative by Scavenger to get the recycling contract. I’m not saying there’s any impropriety here, but the circumstantial evidence looks suspicious. It makes for a good story.”
She gathers herself and speaks sternly, as if reprimanding a rowdy child. Her eyes drill into mine.
“There was no bargain struck here, Mr. Hunter. My record is solid. I did not become an advocate of privatizing city services last week. I’ve been calling for more efficient use of city funds since my first campaign. It is the corrupt and unprofessional behavior of Recycle Berkeley that has brought this to the fore.”
“So you’re really in favor of putting them out of business?”
“I have never said that and you know it. Curbside recycling is only part of their bailiwick. What I am concerned about is that city money be spent efficiently and I believe that in the case of curbside recycling, we can do better. Thank you.” 
I bicycle back to my studio. The story keeps moving faster than I can write it. Reverend Johnson from Pittsburg calls. I’ve left several messages for him, hinting, but not fully describing what I’ve learned. He doesn’t sound cheerful. 
“I’m going to be publishing a story on Wednesday,” I tell him, “saying that Consolidated Scavenger paid you and your group of phony protestors three thousand dollars to go to San Francisco and stage a rally outside the Sierra Club headquarters, and that you paid fifty dollars to various individuals to show up and carry signs.”
I think I hear him gulp but it might be wishful thinking. I hold my breath. 
“I don’t know...what you’re talking about,” he says, feigning puzzlement. His words are halting. For a second, I feel sorry for him.
“I have this from several sources. Do you have any comment?”
“This is outrageous. Someone is trying to frame me. Who told you this?” Now he speaks sharply and harshly, loud enough that I pull the headset away from my ear. 
“You were the leader of this group, weren’t you?” I say.
“What newspaper is this?”
“It’s the East Bay Beat, a weekly paper published in Oakland. I doubt many copies find their way to Pittsburg, but I could be wrong about that.”
I flip to a fresh page on my note pad, careful not to rustle the paper.
“Look, I was not in charge of anything. It was an ad hoc association. Nothing official. This is just one more example of scapegoating the black community.”
“In the Contra Costa Times, back about a year ago, you were quoted as the spokesperson for the People of Color Against the Pittsburg Landfill. And Tom Herman from Consolidated Scavenger—he told me you were the man.” 
“I’m afraid I’m not going to be able to continue this conversation,” he says. “I have an evening service to prepare for.” 
“Fair enough. But I’m going to press tomorrow and I thought you might like a chance to defend yourself. I’m not sure it’s going to look so good, taking three thousand dollars from a big multinational garbage company to create a fake group and make phony charges of environmental racism. Sounds to me like you were used big time.”
Outside dogs are barking. I sit on the edge of my chair, my pen hovering above the yellow legal pad. 
“I. Am going. To have. To think about this. And get back to you. Can I call you tomorrow?” He speaks quietly, solicitously, so slowly I have to resist the urge to interrupt. It feels like he’s holding back physical pain, though I wonder if this is some trick preachers know to give weight to their words.
“I need to hear from you before ten tomorrow.”
Cornering Reverend Johnson gives me no pleasure. I want him to parry with a good explanation for his actions, wriggle out of the trap as smoothly as Tom Herman, but he doesn’t. Uncovering wrongdoing and writing about it sounded better before I started doing it. These are real people with real regrets, not cardboard bad guys. Well, maybe Leroy Washington in Pittsburg seemed pretty one-dimensional, but I only talked to him for a minute. And he was rooting against the Raiders.
When I told Barb writers are always selling somebody out, I didn’t realize how true it was. 
My story is due Tuesday morning, but I don’t want to miss anything at Re-Be, so Monday night, I write a few paragraphs, look at them with displeasure, then run over to Re-Be to see what’s happening. I repeat that combination several more times until after midnight. I can’t sleep anyway. I keep thinking Barb might show up, but she doesn’t. Why would she?
When the drama unfolds, I miss it. I’m at home writing, and by sunrise, when I finish my bloated first draft, it’s out of date. I kick myself for leaving the scene, but I’ve had quite a run of being in the right place at the right time. That is, if finding a friend dead and crushed in an aluminum bale can be considered fortuitous.
When I arrive at Re-Be, a bleary-eyed but animated Miguel recounts what happened. At around four in the morning, eleven Re-Be “guerrillas” snipped a four-foot breach in the chain link fence at the far side of the yard, skulked across the railroad tracks and into the yard in soft-soled shoes and black clothes, and built a barricade out of overturned dumpsters, bales of aluminum, and a decommissioned Re-Be truck. 
No one thought to turn off the power or the phones, though the city had taken the starter box out of the baler. “Did they think we didn’t know how to call an electrician?” Miguel says with a confused look.
The police show up shortly after I do, and Shannon tells them that Re-Be has retaken the yard and is going to stay. She says the eleven Re-Be staff and volunteers are unarmed and nonviolent, but will actively resist being removed, and at nine, a lawyer will be filing a brief asking for a temporary injunction against the city’s eviction. The first TV crew arrives as she’s completing her statement. She repeats it for the camera. 
Dozens more police arrive, but don’t storm the barricades. They mill around by the gate, huddling in groups of three and four and talking into the radios on their shoulders. By this time there are three or four dozen Re-Be staff and supporters in and around the hut and the barricades, expecting to be arrested and forcibly removed. A number of folks arrive with chains and cables and are prepared to attach themselves to fences or dumpsters. A local cheese collective has donated four thermoses of coffee, a couple dozen baguettes, and a huge wheel of goat’s milk Sonoma cheddar. Meanwhile, Kisa and Miguel and a few other Re-Be staff are trying to operate as if it’s just another day, collecting and sorting bottles and cans. The police don’t try to stop them, though they warn everyone through megaphones that they are trespassing and can be arrested at any time. Later in the morning, the police set up a phalanx at the makeshift entrance at the back and refuse to let anyone else in or out.
After I update my story and e-mail it in, I bicycle around to see what’s happening with the curbside collection. Yesterday, Consolidated Scavenger sent out two trucks to cover the Berkeley streets, but only after they completed their Oakland routes. There wasn’t much to collect. I heard that Re-Be folks made a bunch of phone calls to people like Jimmy the scrap metal guy, and unleashed what they called the “mosquito fleet,” the ramshackle pickup trucks held together with plywood and bungee cords and duct tape. As Miguel put it, Re-Be essentially “deputized” poachers to collect the Monday routes.  
I follow one of the Re-Be trucks and at the corner of Parker and California, I see a Scavenger truck coming towards us. Renée, who’s driving the Re-Be truck and who’s been in the thick of everything for the past two days, screeches to a halt, jumps off, and runs over to the Scavenger truck. She hops up on the ledge of the cab and leans in to talk to the driver. Then she runs back to the Re-Be truck, which slowly backs up to Sacramento and turns north. 
I catch up with her as she turns onto Blake Street.
“What was that about?” I ask. 
“Oh, I told him there was double coverage today, that we would do everything north of Parker, they could do south and we could both go home early. He was fine with that. The Con drivers—they aren’t the bad guys.”
Tuesday night three dozen people sleep inside the Re-Be yard, including me. But even with two foam pads, the bed of paper bales that I spread out my sleeping bag on is as unyielding as a cobblestone street, and we’re all too wired to sleep anyway. At four in the morning, the police announce they are coming in, are going to retake the site and will arrest anyone who does not voluntarily leave. I leave, but watch and take notes, using the headlamp with a weak battery. Fifteen people are arrested. That takes an hour. The police are prepared with bolt cutters and enough reinforcements from other police forces that the yard is cleared, the breach in the fence closed with plywood and barbed wire, and those arrested carted away before nine. It’s a circus, with TV cameras and photographers and reporters wandering all over, getting in the way of the police. One photographer gets arrested by mistake (maybe)—but it’s as peaceful and congenial as a bitter eviction can be. It’s theater. I hear more laughter than I expect. There’s even a soundtrack—reggae music blasting from a second floor window in the printing plant across the street.
All this takes place after the Beat goes to press. It prints in Fremont Tuesday night and trucks are delivering it to the newspaper boxes as the police take back the yard before dawn on Wednesday. I have a new eyewitness story, but won’t be able to publish it until next week, the day after the election. Unless I can find another venue.
I get two unsettling e-mails this week. The sender is “your friend,” the subject line is “fyi,” and both are newspaper stories about someone who has been murdered. The first is from the Tampa Times-Tribune about someone killed in a warehouse, the second is from New Jersey about someone found dead in his car. I try to convince myself that these aren’t threats at all, but tips, like the secret meeting one, but they give me the heebie-jeebies nonetheless. Maybe someone wants me to stop sticking my nose in their business, but I’m chasing lots of trails and I don’t know which one, if any, has hit close to home. 
The sender is clever. There’s nothing I can take to the police. Nothing overt. All the meaning is in the spaces between the words.



Chapter 22: The Hunt for the Anarchist Printer
As dramatic as the murder, lockout, and reoccupation of the Re-Be yard were, they are only a chapter in the larger “recycling war” between Re-Be and multinational garbage giant Consolidated Scavenger over who gets the million-dollar-a-year contract to collect recyclables from Berkeley residences, and the broader fight between the independents and the multinational chains.
—Brian Hunter, “Murder. Eviction. Aluminum.” East Bay Beat, October 28, 1998

[October 28. Wednesday. 7 p.m.]

After all the arrests Wednesday morning, I walk back to my studio and crash. I stop at the café where I usually pick up my copy of the Beat, but the newsrack is empty. I still get a thrill out of seeing my story in print, but after six stories in six weeks, the urgency to see it first thing in the morning isn’t as strong. I never know how it will look. The editors usually write their own headline (though I always supply one), and I don’t know what photos will accompany it and where it will run. My last two stories were on page 3, but I’m hoping this one, with the murder and eviction and spies, will earn the front page. I took a couple dozen photos over the past few days and I gave the art director my rolls of film. A freelance photographer was on the scene as well. 
I set the alarm for noon, but wake up in the dark, at seven. I jump up, distressed that the day has disappeared, then decide to slow down and read through my notes and rest until tomorrow.
I go back to the café newsrack for a couple copies of the paper. Empty again. I go to three other places before I find a copy. Front page! Yippie! I grin to myself and pump my fist in triumph, then look around to see if anyone is watching. As if they care.
I learn later that thousands of copies were stolen from all over town, that is, if you can steal a free paper. Someone called the Beat office to report a man in a purple jogging outfit removing the entire stack of copies from the newsrack outside the Ashby BART station, tossing them in the trunk of a dirty white Honda and driving off. 
So the theft of the papers becomes part of the story, and gives it more legs. The TV stations all cover the turf battle at the Re-Be yard. The murder continues to be the anchor story, but because the police have not announced any breaks in the case and the shutdown and civil disobedience and newspaper theft are so “Berkeley,” the murder coverage morphs into the coverage of the shutdown/takeover. The story keeps circling back on itself—I’m telling the story, but I’m also in it. Several news reports focus on the two sentences in my story when I mention the possible organized crime connection. Renée gets her fifteen seconds, and blasts Scavenger for their deceptive practices. One television reporter speculates that perhaps the murder is tied into the larger political struggle over the “chain gangs” taking over Berkeley. Yes! Yes! 
I feel like I’m discovering the truth and creating it as well. And I feel a pang of jealousy that other reporters are stealing my words, my work, while I’m home watching them on TV. But then didn’t I steal all this from Doug? Isn’t it all recycling of a sort?
My story from the Beat starts showing up on telephone poles as part of Sarah Gluckman’s campaign literature. She’s jumped on the eviction story, taking the chance that even in her hills district, voters will support homegrown nonprofits and be suspicious of giant out-of-state corporations. 
By now, the Re-Be yard is sealed tightly and there are four security guards, plus alarms set up around the perimeter. It looks like they’re guarding plutonium, not bales of old newsprint and bins of broken beer bottles.
Doug turns out, posthumously, to have been a pretty good strategist. At a certain point, he said, no one cares that much about the daily operations of Re-Be—if the city wants to shut down Re-Be, it can. But if enough people are watching, it makes it all that much harder. One flyer I see says, “The whole world is watching.” That’s not true, of course, but there are far more people watching now than a few weeks ago when I felt like I was the only one. 
Thursday, I decide to look for the anarchist printer in the city Doug was allegedly hanging out with before he was killed. It gives me an excuse to call Donna, who lives near the South of Market area, a couple of blocks from where they’re building the new Giants’ ballpark. I expect it must have pained her to read my story about the fake Pittsburg community groups, but I only had room for a few paragraphs. She sounded friendly when she picked up and she immediately thanked me for keeping my promise and leaving her name out of the story. She gushed about how dynamic the story was—well, when you have a murder, an eviction, a spy, and fake community groups, it’s pretty hard not to be. She said that she’d be happy to join the hunt. 
Donna’s willingness to take the afternoon off work emboldens me. On my own, I’m sure I’d walk all over, wear out my legs, but probably not knock on as many doors. We start in the South Park area, which used to be full of printers, but has lately become a mecca for web designers and multimedia enterprises. 
There are a bunch of digital pre-press shops there and we can’t tell from the company name if it’s a printer. We go in, I say, “Hey, how’s it going. My name’s Brian, this is Donna, we’re looking for a guy named Doug. He was supposedly hanging out around here with some anarchist printer friend—I’m guessing that’s somebody in his 40s or 50s. Sound familiar?” 
We show them a picture of Doug from the Beat, before he shaved his head.
Some of these people are youngsters, disinterested, even contemptuous of printers. “Not only do we not practice 19th Century technology,” one says, “we don’t have any aging hippies hanging here either.”
What kind of steel-cut oats does he eat for breakfast?
“A simple no would do,” I say. “You know, respect for your elders and all that stuff.”
He rolls his eyes and goes back to his monitor, which has some animated game on it. 
Most people are friendly, curious too. A couple peg us as cops, which amuses me. 
“Why are you looking for this guy?” asks an orange-haired woman wearing horn-rimmed glasses. “Maybe he doesn’t want to be found. Maybe he wants to change his identity, start a new life?”
“Maybe so,” I say, “but it’s a little late for that. He’s dead now and we’re trying to figure out where he spent his last week.”
At one brightly lit third-floor office, a muscular young guy with a shaved head ignores me and gives Donna all his attention. “Why do you care about this guy?” he asks. 
“He seems to have disappeared,” she says, “and the truth is,” and here she whispers, “he left with proprietary information.” 
When the guy asks what kind of business, Donna smiles. “If I tell you, then I’d have to kill you.” And she winks. 
By our fifth or sixth place, we’re improvising together, and elaborating on the story. We no longer mention that the guy we’re seeking is dead, but at a print shop on Folsom Street, a man who tells us he’s going to be a cyber-lawyer—“Intellectual property, that’s the battleground of the 21st century”—recognizes the name.  
“That body they found in the recycling place?” he says. “Same guy?”
“Same guy,” I say. 
“What makes you think he was here?” he asks. 
“We heard he spent some time in this neck of the woods before he died.” 
“I’m working on a related project,” Donna pipes in. “Dissertation about people who change their identities. We think he may have been doing that.” 
Outside, back under the hot sun, I make a face at Donna. “Dissertation?”
She grins. “That could have been my life. I majored in sociology before pragmatism got in the way. I went for the big bucks in journalism instead.”
“Let’s do a couple more,” I say, “then let me take some of my journalism big bucks and get you a cup of coffee. I’ll even spring for one of those mocha-cappa-dappa-cinos with organic lowfat goat’s milk if that’s what you go for.”
“I’m just a black coffee with sugar girl.”
Pretty soon, I stop worrying about whether we’ll find anything. The hunt is fun. I misread Donna. She has more imp in her than I guessed. As cute as she is, maybe because she’s so cute, I thought she’d be more of a lightweight. But then everyone is, compared to Barb. I haven’t laughed this much in months.
Right after our coffee break, we find our man.
“Anarchist printer, huh?” says a fortyish man with a goatee and a Café Helvetica T-shirt (only the typeface is something classical like Bodoni with a little teardrop on the arm of the “a”). “You ought to try Red Star Press. They’re syndicalists, or actually Wobblies, I guess. You know that Toys ‘R’ Us by the freeway overpass? It’s near there, about five blocks that way.” He points towards the Mission.
Ten minutes later, we find it, but there’s no answer when we ring the bell. A note on the adjacent door directs deliveries around the corner. 
We walk down an alley, spot an open door. I recognize him immediately—I’ve seen him before. And he looks the part—mid- to late-fifties, with an unruly gray and white beard, a leather fisherman’s cap the color of coffee with cream, and a red ink-stained apron over a faded blue workshirt. He slumps in a chair with a half-eaten sandwich and the Chronicle in his lap. He’s not a good liar. As soon as I mention Doug, his body gives him away. 
“Can’t help you.” His face is blank, but he looks like he’s holding his breath. He shakes his head
“Come on, I saw you tense up when I mentioned Doug.” I stop. “That’s it. I saw you at Doug’s memorial.”
He picks up his sandwich and takes a bite. It’s on dark bread and a yellow pepper is hanging over the edges. 
We wait while he chews. Then he takes a drink from a thermos. 
“Who are you guys?” he asks. “Really.”
“I told you, I’m a friend of Doug’s. Really. And a reporter for the East Bay Beat, from Oakland. Doug’s been murdered, you know that.”
He looks down at his newspaper. “Doug Spaulding, huh? Yeah, I’ve been reading about that. So those stories, those are yours, huh?” 
I nod. He stands up. “You want to sit down?” He leads us into the adjoining room. There are several plush but threadbare chairs facing a wall-sized window that looks down onto the floor of a printing plant.
Below us a green and black Heidelberg press, a king-sized version of what the Beat is printed on, is rhythmically whooshing and whomping away. The vibrations rattle the floor. 
“Shit man,” he says. “Shit.”
He walks over to the window so all we see is his back.
“I don’t want to talk about this,” he says. “I’m not going to pour it out for you one cup after another.” He sounds educated and articulate, but with a working-class affect. I can detect a slight accent, but can’t place it. 
“Easy question first,” I say. “What’s your name?”
He turns to face us. “François. And that’s not as easy as you think.”
“Doug described you—I got this second-hand—as an ‘anarchist printer.’ What’s that mean?”
I look to Donna and give a tiny nod, not sure what I’m asking, other than let’s play him carefully, not scare him away. 
“I’m a printer who’s an anarchist, that’s all. I’m still part of Red Star, but this place here is where I make my living, cranking out sex weeklies and supermarket circulars—whatever comes in. I’m night floor chief. I’m here during the day a lot too.”
Then, as if he has caught himself, he stops. 
“So Doug was here, what, a couple weeks ago?” I ask.
“Look, I’m a printer. I believe in a free press. I support the free weeklies. Even with the hegemony of television, if you have a printing press, you have a stage, a megaphone. But you gotta understand, I don’t want to be in the paper.” 
“Listen, François,” I say, “I don’t mean any insult by this, but we’re really not interested in you. We want to know about Doug.”
Then Donna says, “Can you tell us when Doug was here and what he was doing?” Her voice sounds warm and agreeable.
“I didn’t want to see him, I told him to stay away. But he didn’t let up.”
“Why not?” I ask. “See him, I mean.”
“I don’t know how he tracked me down. He said it was through my brother, who lives in San Diego, but I haven’t seen my brother in fifteen years. See, I knew Doug back in Southern California. I was in this surfer spin-off of the Yippies, you know, Abbie Hoffman’s gang. Doug was a hanger on. He was still in high school. We smoked a lot of weed together.”
I sit back down and so does François. 
“And so Doug found you?” I ask.
Again he hesitates.
Goddamnit! Why is everybody so afraid of speaking the truth out loud? Why can’t anyone go on the fucking record? The only guy who seemed to want his name in the paper was Leroy Washington and he wanted fifty dollars for it. 
“He won’t print anything about you if you don’t want,” Donna says. “Brian tracked me down too. I was afraid to talk, but he kept his word, kept my name out of the story.”
François gives Donna a sideways look. I sit back in the spongy chair, let her draw him out.
“Why don’t you want to be found?” She leans forward, her elbows on her knees. “Are you in trouble?” 
François exhales and clenches his fists. 
“I can leave on a minute’s notice. Done it before. Pack my bags and drop off the map. But I was starting to get comfortable and you motherfuckers had to come and find me.” He sounds more weary than angry.
François leans his head on his fist, seems to zone out and forget we’re there. I notice the floor here has the same scruffy gray-white linoleum tiles as the church basement in Pittsburg. Come to think of it, the city hall offices have them too. Must have been a big linoleum sale thirty years ago.  
“So Doug did find you,” said Donna.
He’s back at the window again. “He kept calling. I didn’t return his calls. Then one day I pick up the phone and there he is. I told him to leave me alone.”
Not only can I feel the rhythm of the press, I can smell the sweet scent of warm ink.
“I got in some situations a long time back, so I slipped back to Quebec, where my people are from. I hung there for seven years – learned some skills, printing, prepress, digital imaging. I got tired of the icy gray winters. Especially after Southern California. 
“So I come back, here I am, mostly legit, doing a little political work on company time, but earning my keep, practically living in the print shed. I help people do their zines, do some Web shit, charge some of the costs to the corporate clients, slip in some small jobs at the end of print runs. Nothing big. I’m 90 percent honest.”
François is looking at Donna as he talks. As smoothly and slowly as possible, I slide out my notebook and pen and begin writing, snippets at first, then as many words as I can. 
“Then along comes Doug. First I think, no fucking way, no one is supposed to know who I am, where I am. When I heard him on the phone, I realized I wanted to see him. He said he wanted help to monkeywrench Scavenger. I said forget it, but I was interested. It’s like I was waiting for something like this to happen. When he got here, we fired up some weed, reminisced about the old days, and how we might throw a few wrenches in the gears. It was a wallop, man. Doug was frantic, like a squirrel on speed, with more juice than that Heidelberg downstairs. Never seen him this wired. The dope mellowed him a shade, but he couldn’t relax. He had all these ideas for sabotaging Con’s trucks, their transfer station, the elevators in their headquarters.
“He needed a place to crash, but I just have a studio, and I’ve got a kind-of girlfriend, so he stayed in his truck and used my shower and my laser printer. We cranked out some fake Con stationery and phony reports and press releases. I tried to hack into Con’s network—found a back door. But it slammed on me a few minutes after we got in. Then, bang”—he snaps his fingers—“Doug’s gone.”
“That phony memo about the takeover,” I say. “You guys did that? It looked convincing.” 
“When I read about the murder, I hung low, didn’t want any stinkin’ badges barging into my life.”
“The police are looking for his van,” I say. Do you know where it might be? Did Doug leave anything behind?”
He stands up, taking a few seconds to lift his head, then motions for us to follow him. We walk outside, up the alley, and back to the door we first knocked on. Red Star Press. He turns a corner, opens a door and lifts a banker’s box from a shelf. 
I extend my arms to take the box, but he pulls it away.
“The price for this collection,” he says, “is to keep my name out of the papers.”
“You know anything about the van?” I want the box, I really do, but somehow I pictured us walking into a garage and voilà, the van. I repeat my question.
“You’ve got to promise me.” He hugs the box to his chest. “No one else knows about me. I’m a shy guy.”
“Fair enough,” I say. “I’ll call you ‘a San Francisco printer.’ There are lots of them.”
He hands me the box. It’s heavier than I expect.
“Haven’t seen the van,” he says. “It’s been gone as long as he has.”


Chapter 23: Make Sure They Spell Your Name Right
Re-Be supporters say they expect thousands of participants this Saturday, Halloween, for a street party/rally in front of the padlocked front gates of the Re-Be yard. Word on the street is that the rally will be followed by civil disobedience. 
—Brian Hunter, “Murder. Eviction. Aluminum.” East Bay Beat, October 28, 1998

[October 29. Thursday. 10 p.m.]

I’m playing music loud and tapping my foot. On my first pass through the banker’s box, I look for that significant and telling piece of evidence that jumps out at me and illuminates every dark corner of my studio. Doesn’t happen. But that’s because almost every piece of paper in the box, with the exception of some newspaper clippings, warrants a second look. 
Among the papers are printouts of what appear to be Doug’s notes. One is a list of forty-three ways Scavenger has purchased, shut down, discredited, or bankrupted its competitors. Next to many are Doug’s handwritten comments, noting their relevance to the Re-Be situation. 
There are dozens of pages about industrial sabotage printed out from an Australian anarchist Web site—www.stickinthespoke.au. Doug has highlighted passages in a yellow-green marker. “The small and incremental can be more effective at shutting down the system because discovery takes much longer,” reads one sentence. 
Another is a list of Re-Be board members, volunteers, and staff and Doug’s notes on whether or not they might be the suspected infiltrator. Am I on the list? I am, near the bottom. Next to my name, he wrote: “Refuses to carry water. Sincere but faint of heart. Hides behind ‘search for truth’ bullshit. Keep feeding him.”
While these scattershot notes confirm the depth of Doug’s paranoia, his blunt character assessments are surprisingly perceptive, and of course, he was correct about the existence of an infiltrator, just not the identity. Doug seemed to think Kisa was the most likely candidate. “Corporate mentality hiding behind hippie facade—stop her at all costs,” he wrote about Kisa. Next to Renée’s name: “Unreliable, but unlikely. High cheekbones, low scruples. Lightweight.” 
I’m listening to a tape Doug made for me, full of political songs. Here’s one of my favorites starting up, by Hugh Masekela, a wailing sluggish dirge about weary miners taking the “gold train” to Johannesburg, and here comes this bright piercing trumpet. How can the world be so sorrowful when music can be this moving? 
I copy into my notebook phone numbers and notes scribbled on the photocopies and newspaper articles. I study what appears to be a to-do list of tasks leading up to the protest at the awards banquet.
[  ] borrow toxic suits
[  ] retrieve dog from L.
[  ] call Jimmy
[  ] check in w Barb (Friday?)

No date on the page. I turn it over. Blank. But that’s when I notice the drawing. It’s a gray photocopy, second or third generation. Some of it I can’t read and I don’t recognize all the symbols, but it’s an architect’s rendering and I can immediately tell the location is the Re-Be yard.
On the bottom, it says, “nothing.but.net” and below that, “Chase & McAuliffe, Architects.” 
I stare at the drawing for a long time. Seven structures are spread around the yard and adjacent properties. The abandoned red brick warehouse across the street from Re-Be is part of the plan. The two dead end streets on either end of the Re-Be yard are gone. Closed. There are sidewalks winding through the site, and what looks like a roof deck on the printing press across from the front gate.  
I try to not get ahead of myself. Doug faked the takeover fax—he could have invented this too. Besides, if this is real, how did he get it? Why haven’t I seen it? Why didn’t he shove it under my nose? I’ve been living and breathing this story for weeks and never came across a hint of it.
On the web, I find Chase & McAuliffe, but the site is thin. Just a couple pages. I also look up nothing.but.net before I go to bed. I can’t tell exactly what the company does, but it’s in a partnership with Roaring Routers and has offices in El Cerrito and downtown Berkeley. I’ve never heard of the company, but it seems to be growing like crazy. There are nine jobs posted on its Web site, all technical— javascript programmer, network security director, and so on. There’s also a list of staff, with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses.
I take a break to watch the news. Nothing new on the Re-Be situation, though one station airs a brief report from the site. I sit up another hour or two until my eyes get bleary, then I get ready for bed. 
I brush my teeth for a long time, lost in thought. What a good day. Found a secret treasure. Had fun with Donna. Barb told me to find someone else. Maybe I have. She even encouraged me to get a real place to live and a job and car so I’d be a better catch. 
But Barb continues to haunt my thoughts whenever things slow down, especially that tentative kiss she gave me after bathing her dog. I felt at least an inkling of desire from her. Small, but real. I wasn’t imagining it. But whether it was an intimation of some deep reservoir of passion or just her gratitude for helping her wash the poop off her dog, I can’t say.  
I’ve been writing e-mails to Barb for the past few days—short and light, no questions about Con—and she’s written back a couple of times. I’m trying to keep the flame burning, but not let the balance tip too far in my direction. It seems like she’s giving me more than the 90 percent/10 percent kiss, but not much. It could be all my imagination.
She was certainly emphatic with her pre-emptive declaration of innocence. Would I have asked her point-blank if she killed Doug? Not directly. But I can’t keep those suspicions at bay either. She said she hadn’t been at Re-Be to help for ages, but I could swear Kisa said she was helping as recently as last week. 
One day I’m going to snap.
I’m sure that one reason I’ve been attacking my to do list with gusto is that I don’t want to slow down and get mired in my thoughts. I might have to acknowledge how I’m working at cross purposes. I want to find the murderer and win Barb’s heart. Simple enough. But if Barb is mixed up in this—and I seem to be the only one who doesn’t think she is—well, exposing her is probably not the ideal foreplay. And if Con is as culpable as I think, that’s not going to sit well with Barb either. What do I think, that she’s going to look at me with those eyes that are so deep I could swim in them and gush with gratitude because I’ve exposed her employer? Isn’t that what Doug was so intent on doing? She wasn’t grateful to him.
Maybe something will happen with Donna. We laughed a lot today. She seems to like me. Why is that so surprising? I’ve been charming with her, and we certainly had a stimulating adventure. She doesn’t have the gravitas of Barb, but then who’s to say that’s not a good thing?
I climb into bed with the banker’s box beside me and keep reading. I’m having a hard time keeping my eyes open. Then I find a photocopy of what looks like a handwritten letter to Barb. Several paragraphs are crossed out so fiercely and completely, I can’t distinguish more than a word or two. 
Dear dear Barb,
I miss you so much. You can’t imagine how much. 
I know how difficult I am. I know I’ve attacked you enough times you don’t trust me. I know I’ve promised to stop, and I did, but then I didn’t.
I can’t live without you. Nothing has any meaning without you around to share it. I can’t concentrate on anything unless it has something to do with fighting for you, though it must seem to you like I’m fighting against you. 
I feel like all I know how to do is fight. But I can learn. I’ll do anything, and I mean anything, to get you back and keep you. I’ll go to a shrink, get some meds—I’m scared shitless to do that because, well, you know—but I will. For another chance with you. 
I didn’t mean to explode like that with Brian there the other day—I couldn’t help it. I was jealous and it got the best of me.

That’s it. It stops at the bottom of the page. I look for another page. I look for an original. I study the crossed out paragraphs. Nothing. It’s as if he wanted to be sure no one could read these lines, but how could they possibly be any more private than what I already read?
Did he send this to Barb? Or maybe he sent the original, crossouts and all? This would have been written sometime after my visit to Barb’s office on October 12, a Monday, and October 20, eight days later, the day the police say he was killed. But there’s no reference in the letter to the awards dinner on October 18, where he acted far more viciously than in Barb’s office, so I assume he wrote it before then. And it looks like he spent most of that time living in his truck and using the facilities at Francois’ print shop. 
I remember drinking beer with Doug at the Albatross one night and he talked about his parents. They took him to the courtroom often when he was nine or ten and he saw them defend Black Panthers and union leaders and criminal defendants, and that that inspired him to work for justice and fight for a better world. And fight was the key word. What he learned most from his parents, he said, was how to fight. Conflict, drama, stimulation somehow always seemed more exciting than harmony. 
I read over his letter again and I’m surprised that tears start streaming down my face. I let them. 
I’m not sure how much I’m crying for Doug, and how much for myself, but it feels good to feel sad. I’ve been so engaged and stimulated since Doug’s murder that I haven’t been feeling sorry for myself like I used to, and I feel guilty somehow that Doug’s death has energized me. So the sadness feels right, like I’m not as selfish as I fear.
Friday morning, I hardly have the patience to read the newspapers, though I do read a follow-up story about the stolen copies of the Beat. Apparently half of the print run was taken. Another eyewitness saw the same white car following the Beat delivery truck. At one newsrack near the REI, early in the morning, a minute after the truck driver unloaded and untied a stack of newspapers and placed them in a rack, the man in the jogging suit grabbed the papers and dumped them in his trunk. 
I skim the paper, but mostly I’m waiting for it to be late enough to call Chase & McAuliffe. I try them a few minutes after eight, but the voice mail says the office opens at 8:30. I call again at 8:40. 
The receptionist puts me through to Jack Chase, who’s just walked in. I tell what I call a “partial-truth lie.” I say I’m a freelance writer—that’s where the truth stops—and my name is Lorin Palmer and I’m working with Chuck Brinkman, the nothing.but.net CEO on an investment prospectus. I tell Chase that Chuck suggested I get a couple of sentences from him about the proposed development and the direction the company is going in. 
“Chuck told you to call us?” Chase asks. “That’s, uh, interesting. What does he think we can tell you that he can’t?”
“He suggested, and I think this could work—that the architects’ themes are good metaphors for the company strategic plan.”
“That’s what he says? Our themes?” Chase gives a little snorting laugh, and then the mumbling equivalent of the shoulder shrug. “He’s got cart before horse. We designed the campus, then shoehorned the themes, if that’s what you want to call them, from his mission statement into our write-up. But you can’t quote me on that.”
“Well, he thinks it will work. Sometimes telling the story backwards captures the truth better.” (Oh yeah, capturing the truth, creating the truth, I’m all about the truth.) 
“Okay, but I’m not the philosophy guy here,” he says. “You want to talk to my partner.”
“Can I?”
“He’s not here.”
Then comes an uncomfortable silence.
I let five seconds pass, counting them out on my fingers. Most people step in to fill the void by then, but Chase doesn’t. 
“Look,” I say, “Chuck told me that you might not know what to say, what with all the controversy, but rest assured, this document will be massaged till the cows come home and the final draft won’t see daylight until all this unresolved stuff has shaken out.”
“Okay, I’ll give it a fly,” he says, “but I gotta see what you come up with, agreed?” 
I agree.
“How’s this: If the plans evolve the way we’d like—that’s a monster of an if—the combination of the open architecture, the eclectic buildings, and the gentle curves of the walkways that connect the structures will reflect the company’s goals. To be open, multifaceted, to support the independent inventors and at the same time maintain the existing product line. And unify it all by making it easier to connect. Geez, that’s not half bad. Of course, the other half is bullshit. Maybe I should angle for your job.”
“You don’t want my job,” I say. “Too much time alone at your desk.”
“Anyway, done right, the campus will mirror the company—in its balance of innovation and tradition. No, no, not tradition, that’s not it. Fundamentals. That’s right. Innovation and fundamentals. Tried and true mixed with wild and untested. In one of the buildings there are no walls at all, just posts and pillars. It’s all open. That’s our thing. Openness. No, no, not thing. Our, um, approach, yeah, our approach.”
I’m smiling as he continues to ramble. I’m feeling pretty sweet about my investigating and reporting prowess. But I can’t shake the nagging question of how Doug managed to find out so many things that eluded me. I always heard he was an idea guy, but that he didn’t follow through. He procrastinated. Barb executed. That was why he wouldn’t let her go. But maybe without her, he rolled up his sleeves and got down to business. Or maybe that’s where François came in. Maybe Doug needed a partner. He was trying to get me to play that role, but, like he said in his notes, I was into this “search for truth” bullshit, and refused to carry his water. 
Chase is on a roll, but when he repeats himself for the third time, I interrupt and say I have to run to a meeting. 
“One last question,” I say. “This isn’t for the annual report, just my own nosiness. Chuck was mysterious about this project. I know it’s just preliminary—they don’t have the land or the financing—but is he being upfront with you? I mean, I feel like I’ve only been given half the story.”
“Can’t help you there, my friend. It’s up in the air, like you said. We’re used to that. We draw a lot of plans that never get built.”
So I don’t get the concrete details I’m hoping for, but I get what matters most. Confirmation. The plans are real. As real as plans are, anyway. Doug didn’t fabricate them. 
Next I flip the scenario around and call nothing.but.net as a writer doing the quarterly newsletter for Chase & McAuliffe. But I can’t reach anyone who knows anything. 
I go back to the list of phone numbers I wrote down last night. I call them. No cover story here. I say who I am and that I’ve come into possession of some of Doug Spaulding’s papers and I’m trying all the numbers. The fifth one is Sheila Womack’s office at city hall. I don’t leave a message. 
I look for the paper with Womack’s number. It’s scribbled in the margin of the front page of the Chronicle sports section. To the left of the phone number it says: “mtg w S noon.”  The date of the paper is Tuesday, October 20. Doug was murdered that night.
I eat some shredded wheat with banana for breakfast and then walk up to city hall. Womack’s office is locked when I arrive. It’s 10:15. I walk down the hall and peek into another council member’s office. I ask an elderly black woman if she knows when Womack will be in. 
“Usually Mr. Sykes is here by now. Is there anything I can help you with?”
I told her who I am and that I want to talk to Womack about the Re-Be situation. 
“There’s been a lot of commotion down there these last few days,” she says.
“I imagine, with the Re-Be eviction and the election and all,” I say. 
“That young man of hers, Mr. Sykes. A lot of people think he’s a model for the community, what with his sharp suits and educated bearing. But he thinks way too much of himself.” 
Sykes. Hmmm. Why do I assume “S” stands for Sheila? Doug was a last name guy. He called me Hunter. 
Turns out the woman is mother and aide to Councilman Rodney Robinson. I ask her if she knows anything about a proposed development on the Re-Be site, but she doesn’t. While we’re talking, I hear footsteps climbing the stairs, getting louder. I retreat inside her office, and look towards the stairwell. It’s Gill Sykes. 
He’s dressed casually, in black jeans and a short-sleeved blue and gray checked shirt. There’s a laptop in one hand and a shopping bag stuffed with papers in the other. His lips are moving as if he’s talking to himself. He shuffles over to his office door, puts down the laptop and bag and jabs a key into the tarnished brass doorknob. The back of his head is shaved from the neck to the big bone at the back of the skull. Though he’s a wiry man, his neck has a thin ripple of fat. One flap of his shirt is untucked, hanging over his belt.
I wait until he’s entered the office before I charge towards him. He kicks the office door closed behind him, but I catch it before it hits the jamb. 
“Mr. Sykes. Brian Hunter with the Beat. I’ve got some questions for you.”
“Not now, Hunter.” He drops his things on a chair and pushes his glasses up with his knuckle. His expression is easy to read. Get lost. But there’s a hint of the put-upon as well. Why is this happening to me?
“It’s just that now is necessary.” I step inside. “See, I’ve found a blueprint of a development on the Re-Be site in Doug Spaulding’s papers, and evidence that you and he met on October 20th. That’s the day the police say he was killed.”
He doesn’t move, though I can see him swallow, his Adam’s apple rising, then falling. “I’m going to the kitchen,” he says calmly. “Destination: caffeine. Want some?”
Bingo. No denial. 
“Sure,” I say. “I’ll walk there with you.” Score one for surprise. Out of the corner of my eye I see Edna Robinson inching back into her office and looking our way. 
He apologizes for the mess in the kitchen, but there are only a couple of dirty dishes in the sink. 
When we return to the office, Gill closes the door behind him. I sit down and take out my notebook. He locks the door and stands in front of it.
“I can’t say I liked what you wrote this week,” he says, “but I thought there would be more.” 
“Yeah, I buried it. Too much else going on,” I say. “How about telling me about the meeting you had with Doug on October 20th?”
“Look, I had nothing to do with his death. And for the record, I never learned to run the baler.”
“You were there, at that open house. It’s in the minutes.”
“I wasn’t paying attention. I never took a turn.”
“Measuring the yard for the architects, is that it?”
“What are you talking about?” 
I don’t answer. He glares at me, takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes with his thumb and forefinger.
“You don’t publish again until next Wednesday?” he asks.
“Wednesday as in after the election? Well, the Beat doesn’t. But that’s only one of the outlets I write for. I’m a stringer for the Chronicle.” 
He takes a step towards me, locking his eyes to mine. His earring glints in the shaft of sunlight that shines through the small south-facing window.
“I bet you know how to run the baler,” he says.
“I do.”
“And you’ve fought with Spaulding.”
“Your point?”
“The police could make life difficult for you.”
“They already have. They thought I might know something.” I pause, smile. “Turns out I do.”
“You live in a warehouse in West Berkeley, don’t you? Alone?”
“I do. How about you? Where do you live?”
“We’re talking about you right now.”
“You are. I’m not.”
“How long would it be before someone noticed you were missing?”
“Well, I have neighbors I see every day.”
He takes a step back, leans on the doorjamb.
“You ever hear any stories about the NFB’s strong-arm tactics?”
“You mean like tearing down election signs and attacking rival campaign workers with staple guns?”
“I believe it gets rougher than that,” he says.
“Pardon my french, but where the hell did you learn this tough guy act? You sound like a bad movie.” I sit back in my chair as if I don’t have a care in the world. “Look, Sykes, you don’t understand. You can’t scare me. I have a pretty shitty life at the moment. I live illegally in a cold warehouse with concrete floors. Winter’s coming. I don’t have a job or a girlfriend or children. I don’t even have a fucking dog. You know Invisible Man, the Ralph Ellison book? There’s a passage in there where he says that no one is more dangerous than a man who has nothing to lose. I’m that guy. You, on the other hand, have a lot to lose. A job, a beautiful woman, a promising future. No criminal record. Yet. And whatever might happen to me, these software campus plans are out of the bottle. You can’t pour them back in.”
He walks slowly back to his desk and sits down behind it. I turn my chair to face him. 
“None of this changes the fact that Re-Be was mismanaging funds and breaking the terms of their lease,” he says.
“You expect me to believe you care about that?”
He put his chin in his hand, says nothing. 
“What did Spaulding want?” I ask.
“I told you. I had nothing to do with his death. I was shocked when I heard.”
“So I’m sure you told the police you met with him the day he died?”
“I had no motive to kill him. He was pushy, but that’s politics. If I have so much to lose, like you say, why would I do something so stupid?”
I keep writing. “Don’t say anything,” I write. “Wait him out. He’s dying to unload. Count to thirty.” 
“This campus,” Gill finally says. “It’s merely an idea. There’s no financing. There’s no permit. The land is not available. They didn’t even survey the site—they used the county parcel data. You’re making way way too much out of this. So did Spaulding.”
I look up from my notebook, doing my best to look like he just told me what he ate for breakfast.
“What did he want?”
“I don’t know. That’s the truth. To tell me he knew what we were doing next? Even though we didn’t. To wave the plans in my face?”
“Who’s we?” I ask.
“I don’t name names.” Then he launches into the already familiar accusations that Womack has made about Re-Be’s financial irregularities, as if that somehow justifies everything else. He knows I’m not buying it, so he recites the words like he’s reading a press release. Then he shoos me out.
By the time I plop down on a bench outside City Hall, I feel deflated. Here I am with another big investigative scoop and I don’t know what to do with it. I have an exclusive, but I work for a weekly and the timing is all wrong. I told him I’m a stringer for the Chronicle, but the Chronicle doesn’t know that. Even worse, I can’t think of anyone to tell about all this. Except Eileen. And I try not to make the same mistake twice. And Barb, who’s laying low. Well, there’s Donna, but I still hardly know her.
I can go to Re-Be, of course, but where? With the yard closed, they’re meeting in various people’s houses, but I don’t know where and can’t just barge in like I used to at the yard. They’ll go ape-shit over the development plans, that’s for sure. The police might be happy to hear me out, but they’re not about to give me any medals. They’re going to want all the papers in the box. 
The sun feels warm on my shoulders. Teenagers in Halloween costumes saunter along the sidewalk by the high school. One girl in a bathrobe has mounted a backpack frame on her shoulders and a shower curtain hangs from it, open in the front. Somehow she’s attached a shower nozzle to her forehead and two faucets to her belt. A group of four boys stumble along together with their legs in irons and chains, but instead of convict stripes, they wear suits with corporate logos—Starbucks, WalMart, Nike, and Blockbuster. The chain linking them together looks real, but it makes soft pings as it drags on the sidewalk, not the clinking and clanking of metal. On their back is stenciled “corporate chain gang.” Ah, Berkeley. I write it all down. Doug would love it.
When I set out to find the truth and expose the bad guys, I imagined them to be white guys in expensive suits, sitting in plush corporate suites. Instead I’m cornering some poor schmuck storefront minister in Pittsburg and now Sykes. I wasn’t thinking that it would be African American men wearing the suits. 
On the way home, I notice the juxtaposition of Halloween decorations and political signs. Gray Davis for Governor. Yes on Prop. 5. Rodney Robinson for District 3. And a pair of pumpkins sitting on a bale of straw. On a fat oak tree, a witch on a broom is wrapped around the trunk as if she smashed into it going at warp speed. And on almost every telephone pole for blocks upon blocks are flyers plugging the Halloween night rally and street party in support of Re-Be. 
At home, I call Shannon and Kisa and leave messages. I try Donna, but she’s away from her desk. Then I call the news desk at the Chronicle. I say I’ve been writing stories for the Beat on the Re-Be controversy, and that I recently uncovered new information, and I want to write a story for them. The first person I speak with seems interested, but he passes me on to someone who says that won’t work. “We have a reporter on that story,” he says.
“But I’ve uncovered new information that could affect the election next week.”
“We’ll call you back.” Ten minutes later, the phone rings and it’s Daria Reeves. She remembers me. She helped me sell my photos of Doug’s boot in the bale. I tell her that I want to write the story, not be a source. I understand that it’s her beat, but I’m also in touch with the Tribune and Examiner.
“Mr. Hunter, I know you want this story, and I know you don’t want to hear this, but if you’ve got breaking news, you’ve got to let it go. You’ll still have your own story next week. You’ll have all the luscious details. But the Chron is not going to put you on a news story. You’re an advocate. You’re too close. You can be a source—I’ll quote you in the first or second graf. If it’s good.”
“Oh, it’s good.” 
I want this story. She’s got that right. I’ve already constructed the lead: 
“The morning before he was murdered, Doug Spaulding met secretly with Gill Sykes, aide to Berkeley city council member Sheila Womack. Spaulding had uncovered an architect’s drawing of a proposed development on the site of Recycle Berkeley. And Spaulding had scribbled Sykes’ phone number in the margin of the Chronicle sports section dated October 20.”
No, no, that’s not it.
“Less than 24 hours before he was murdered on October 20, Doug Spaulding met secretly with Berkeley city council aide Gill Sykes. Spaulding had discovered an architect’s drawing of a development plan of the Re-Be site, which Sykes has helped shut down.” 
Okay, it’s not there yet, but I have it in me.
“When’s your deadline?” I ask Reeves.
“I need it now if we’re going to run it tomorrow.”
“Give me half an hour,” I say.
I call Barb again. She’s out. I try Ginsberg. So is he. I call my editor at the Beat, somehow hoping she’ll say, “Oh, we’ll put out a special edition on Sunday.” She doesn’t. 
I reach my friend Dan in New York, but he says he only has a minute. I give him the short version. 
“Give it away,” he says. “As many places as possible. You said you wanted to make the news, not just write it. Here’s your chance.”
“But I’ve been working on this for months, I can’t give it away. It’s not fair.”
“You want fair? Come work in the P.D. office in the Bronx for a week and you’ll learn about fair. Make sure they spell your name right.”
I sigh. “I hate it when you’re right like that.”
I know this is what I have to do, but I need a friend to tell me, someone who knows how much the byline means. I call Reeves back and tell her the story. 
I call some radio stations too, starting with the ones I’ve been on already, then I call all the TV stations. Why not? Maybe it’s a slow news day. 
None of the TV stations call back, but three of the radio stations do and I stumble through my story. When I hear myself later on KPFA, I cringe at how halting my delivery is, but I like how the reporter identifies me, “That’s Brian Hunter, an investigative journalist who has been following garbage and recycling for the East Bay Beat and who found Doug Spaulding’s body in a bale of aluminum nine days ago.”
I catch one TV news segment Friday evening, which starts with footage of a swarm of volunteers going door to door in Sheila Womack’s district in support of Sarah Gluckman. Then a cut to the padlocked Re-Be gates, while the reporter says, in that hushed but urgent TV teaser voice, that “thousands of costumed protesters are expected tomorrow and police are prepared for what could be a wild evening.”
Rain is forecast for the weekend. It hasn’t rained since April.
I empty the bankers’ box into my backpack, then spend $53.45 at Kinko’s photocopying. I figure the police might want the papers once the news stories hit. When I get back home, I walk straight to Maya’s glassblowing studio. 
I know many of my neighbors in the warehouse, but Maya’s the only one I’ve actually told that I’m living in my studio. Of course, she practically lives there herself—she’s often working when I go down the hallway to the bathroom last thing at night and still there when I go again first thing in the morning. (But she has an apartment in Albany.) I can always tell when she’s blowing glass. The narrow hallway, with its cement floor and brick walls, is cool even at midday during the height of the heat wave, except when Maya’s got her kiln fired up and the heat pours out her door into the gray corridors.
She’s drinking white wine and watching TV, an orange glow blazing from the belly of the furnace behind her. I ask her how she is and she purses her lips, but doesn’t say anything. 
I ask her if I can burn some papers in her furnace.
“Do I want to know why?” she asks.
“My shredder’s not working,” I say.
She puts on a big blue mitt and opens the furnace door. I throw the papers in, then go back to my studio for the box and toss that in too. Doesn’t take long. 
“Are you in any kind of trouble?” she asks.
“Not yet,” I say. “I’m working on it.”

Chapter 24: Pour the Boy Another One
Police investigators found the van belonging to recycling yard murder victim Doug Spaulding inside a garage in West Oakland this morning, parked in a former cardboard recycling facility. Inside the van were bolt-cutters, which were used to break into to the locked garage.
—KCBS News, October 30, 1998
 
[October 30. Friday. 8:30 p.m.]

I wash up in my utility sink and walk to the Lost House in Emeryville, about a mile from that stretch of barracks-like row houses where James Wilcox and Lynn Brody live. Once I promised to buy a round of drinks, Jimmy was pretty quick to invite me to meet his crew. I planned to go last week, but was too zonked. I’m buzzing tonight, totally primed for it. 
But I can tell as soon as I walk in the door that this is not my crowd. First off, it’s smoky. There’s a new state law banning smoking in bars, but this place is pretending otherwise.
Mostly it’s a young crowd. Longhaired white guys in t-shirts and jeans. It’s no yuppie bar serving microbrews made with organic cold-pressed hops. A couple of American beers are on tap. Pretzels are piled in red plastic baskets. Above the bar are two TVs, one playing a football game, the other with a gaudy cartoon in saturated primary colors. 
I take an empty seat at the bar between a woman with screaming red hair and a big man stooped over his beer. I put on a smile and say hi as I pull the stool under me. The woman is talking with a man to her left. The hunched man grunts. He’s in his fifties with a wrinkled brow and tired eyes. His glass is almost empty.
“What are you drinking?” I ask.
He points to the Weltanschauung coaster. 
“Another?” 
“Sure.” I hold up two fingers to the bartender and point to his glass. 
“What’s up?” I ask. “What brings you here tonight?”
“Stool’s got my name on it. Course the name’s worn off cause I been parking my ass on it so damn much.”
He’s feeling the beer. It’s radiating from his pores. 
“A regular, huh?”
“Lately. Beats watching TV at home. The wife went to Nevada.” 
“You separated? Or she there for some other reason?”
“You’d have to ask her that.”
“Yeah, my wife threw me out too.”
He’s not curious. Happy to talk, though. I learn quickly that he spent a year in jail for transporting stolen goods. “Well, shit, I knew I was losing my job, and I got this container trailer full of TVs from Korea and I knew a guy who knew a guy, and we had a plan and it almost worked.”
I look around for Jimmy and I’m startled by a haggard face in the mirror that I think I recognize, and then realize it’s me. Shit, shit, shit. I look older than my forty-one years, that’s for damn sure. Well, a couple weeks of deep sleep would help. And maybe less beer. Fortunately I don’t feel as bad as I look. I’ve got a nice buzz on. I’m still high from all the interviews this afternoon.
When Jimmy shows up, I invite my newfound hauler/fencer buddy over to a crowded table by the front door. I grab a chair and squeeze in next to Jimmy. Next to me, I soon discover, is a young Irish guy who used to be a muscle man for Solano Sanitary, a company Con purchased a few years ago. What luck. It’s Jimmy’s sixth sense. How is it I walk into a bar I’ve never been in before and as soon as Jimmy shows up, I stumble onto a guy who can practically write a story for me? 
He’s sloshed already, slurring his words. I tell him I visited Jimmy’s scrap yard a few days ago and I find this whole garbage/salvage world fascinating. 
“Shit, we had it good,” he says, swirling his beer and looking at the bottle meditatively. “Did some heavy-ass lifting now and then, but lot of time to rest. Now and then, we’d have to rough someone up, scare the shit out of them.” 
“What, did you, like, get an assignment? Here’s this guy, give him a working over? They give you a photo . An address?” I ask the question straight up, anxious that he’s going to think I’m too nosy, but there’s more swagger than secrecy in his response. 
“An address. Me and the Baker, we knock on the door of some business guy and tell him we come to collect. Mostly, we were collecting money.”
“What for?”
“Whatever. Disposal, I guess. These guys were afraid of us, like they knew they were guilty—of something.” 
He ends his sentences with a weird five or six syllable chuckle. “This place is like home. They cash my unemployment check so I can waste it all on beer, hee hee hee hee.” Then the next outburst is lower, like a series of grunts. “Ain’t no market for honest physical work no more. Everybody’s got to have a fucking e-mail or www-thing, huh huh huh huh huh.” All this with an Irish accent. 
“What do you do now?” I ask.
“Some hauling. Pick some shit up and dump it somewhere. But now I’m the one owing money. Last month, I had some goon knocking on my door wanting to get paid.”
I talk about my writing. So much for being undercover. We’re all drinking and I don’t think anyone is curious about me. Lots of talking. No one is listening. 
“So I was writing these stories how the big garbage companies like Scavenger are getting into recycling, and like, how many people really give a shit about that, and then, all of a sudden there’s this murder and shit, and, you know, I’m no crime reporter, what do I fucking do now? Nobody wants to read about the price of aluminum. They want to know about how this guy’s body got crushed in a bale and who whacked him. You know how to run a baler?”
The Irish guy next to me raises his hand, as does Jimmy. I didn’t realize he was listening. 
I ask Irish, “Is it hard?”
“It’s easy, man, but if you’ve never done it, you’re not going to know what to do, huh, huh, huh.”
“So the person who crushed this guy in the bale, he must be in the business, right?” I say. “Or she. Or could someone who’d like, done it once or twice, figure it out? Cause the whole fucking city council learned how to do it at some open house. But if I was going to dispose of a body and I’d only run a baler once, wouldn’t it make more sense to put the body in a bag and dump it at the transfer station? Isn’t that the way bodies used to be disposed of?”
Well, that gets a conversation going. Everybody’s got a story about some body they found. 
Many rounds later, a little before closing time, Jimmy says he and a couple pals are headed to a private club, do I want to come? I do. 
Jimmy drives. There are four of us in an old Ford clunker with a front seat like a couch. It’s a longer drive than I expect. We’re somewhere along the bay in East Oakland or San Leandro. Once we leave the freeway, I don’t recognize where we are. 
We’re bumping along a rutted unpaved road, a barbed wire fence and cinder-block buildings on one side, a stand of eucalyptus trees on the other. I smell the brackish water. Through the trees I see the white cranes of Oakland Harbor. Irish and another pal of Jimmy’s are laughing and shouting in the back seat. They’re drunker than I am. I’ve had a good time tonight, but as we barrel into the dark and deserted waterfront, I’m starting to feel dread in my stomach. Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. 
We climb out next to an old one-story boathouse on a cove next to a short fishing pier. Paint is peeling from the clapboard siding. There’s a blue tarp on the roof, anchored with cinder blocks. Inside, it’s roomy and cozy—there are several rooms with beds in them. The paneling is worn, but warm—an orangey knotty pine. The shelves are filled with upright liquor bottles and upside-down glasses, but there’s no bar or bartender. A couple of tall windows open onto the bay. The putty around the panes is cracked and it seems like the glass is attached to the frame with masking tape. 
There are the four of us from the car, and another five who are there when we arrive. We’re all sitting in overstuffed chairs drinking shots of whiskey and Jimmy introduces me to a leathery old man with white hair and thick glasses. He cups his shot glass in the palm of his hand. Jimmy tells him that I’ve been asking about the old days of Oakland Disposal. It’s Jono, the enforcer Gino told me about. I don’t know how I know, but I do. And it scares the shit out of me. 
“Why are you interested in garbage?” He twirls the glass in his fingers. He sounds more curious than menacing.
I sit back, take a sip of whiskey. An hour ago, I was drunk, but I felt light, like I was leaping on the moon with no gravity. Now I feel heavy, my limbs sluggish. 
“I used to live near the dump,” I say, “I know people who work in the recycling world. I read some books. I talked to some people.” Not much of a cover story, but at least it’s true, so I don’t need to weave some elaborate ruse and remember what lies I’ve told. 
“Not much of an answer. Why? Really.”
“You know Jimmy was friends with Doug, the guy who was murdered a couple of weeks ago. I knew him too.”
On Jono’s left, a young man in a green T-shirt slouches in the chair, his eyes heavy-lidded, his chin on his chest. Jono gestures to him. He gets up, grabs a bottle of whiskey, and moves to fill up my glass. I cover the glass with my hand, but he pours anyway. The whiskey spills on my hand, my pants, on the floor. He keeps on pouring. I remove my hand, let him fill the glass. No one makes a move to clean the puddle on the floor. I look at Jimmy, but he averts my eyes, shifts his chair so his back is to me and he’s closer to a cluster of four guys including Irish. 
Jono tells me he met Doug. “That boy had a mission. Take down OD. That’s too much for one man. He came looking for me.”
“Why?” I lift the shot glass to my mouth, take a tiny drink. What I really need is some water.
“Oh, he had this idea that I was connected to some of OD’s freelance activities. Come on, drink up. The party’s just starting.”
“So you work for OD?”
“Do I look like I’m still working? I’m an old man. I’m retired.”
“You may be retired, but you don’t look that old. Or tired.”
“How kind of you to say that, but we both know that’s a crock of shit. I can’t even wrap my fingers around a baseball bat anymore. Good thing I’ve got loyal assistants.”
He glances to the guy slouching next to him, whose eyes are locked onto mine. I turn away. 
“You seem to know a lot of people,” Jono says. “You wouldn’t happen to know the guy who’s writing those newspaper stories about how Con is trying to take over?”
“Which stories are these?”
“You sure you don’t know what I’m talking about? Jackie, pour the boy another one.”
“I’ve had enough. I’ve had a tiring week.”
“Nonsense. It’s Friday night. Time to unwind.”
“I don’t think I could get much more unwound than I already am.”
Jackie is back with the whiskey bottle and he starts to pour again. I put my glass on the floor. Jackie pours whiskey into my lap. The other group stops talking. 
Jackie sits back down at a little café table a few feet from me, opens his coat and pulls a gun out and places it on the table. The barrel faces me, about four feet away. 
I make myself breathe. My testicles retreat as if I’ve jumped into cold water. Behind me, I hear a lock slide into place. Irish, the guy I felt so lucky to stumble into a couple hours ago, leans against the wooden door with his hands in his pocket. I’ve never had a gun pointed at me before. The fact that it’s on the table and not in someone’s hand makes it even scarier. 
“Um, what’s going on?” I say.
“Good question,” says Jono. “Maybe you can answer that.”
I stand up. My legs feel wobbly, but they hold me up. I can feel whiskey dribble down my leg.  
“Okay, I’m the guy writing those stories. You already know that. What do you want? I’m not out to get you. I mean, don’t you feel you’re being used? Con is all suits and lawyers these days. They’ve got muscle that writes checks and lobbies legislators. Don’t you feel squeezed?”
“We may be retired, but we like our privacy. We don’t like being in the newspaper. Jackie?” Half-awake Jackie picks up the gun by the barrel and licks his lips.
“There are people who know where I am,” I say. “They’ll be after you if anything happens to me. Besides, I’ve got nothing to lose.” Second time today for that line, but the first time, with Gill, it felt like a game. This doesn’t.
“We want to know who told you about us.”
“You already know. Doug did.”
“Doug’s not around anymore, is he? So sad.”
“I don’t really know anything. I just read some stuff.” 
Jackie takes a step towards me and swings at my head with the gun handle. I twist, but the gun whacks me on the back of my neck. I hit the floor, howling with pain. 
I’m on my knees and elbows at Jackie’s feet. My mouth is a couple inches from his pointy red cowboy boots. They’re polished so shiny I can almost see the reflection of my terrified eyes. I start to lift my head to see if he’s going to hit me again, but there’s a stab of pain in my neck. I wail and I grab his legs.
“Please, I’ll do anything you want. Don’t hurt me.” 
He tries to knee me in the face, but I grab him tighter and blubber like a baby. I’m acting, but not really. I am terrified.
He jerks his legs to shake me loose. I’m on my stomach now, my arms around his ankles. He kicks me again, in the chin, and I lose my grip. I lean back on my knees, look up at Jono, who sits impassively in his chair. 
“I’ll never say anything. Whatever you want,” I say. “Just don’t hit me again. Please.” I bend my toes under my legs so they’re on the floor. 
Jackie steps back, looks down at his boots as if I’ve contaminated them. As he shifts his gun from one hand to the other, I push off my toes, lunge directly at the gun, jarring it loose. He grabs me by the hair, but I yank away. Irish drops to his knees and reaches for the gun. I spin away, my elbows whirling, then race towards the window, and leap into it, aiming for the side where the putty is dry and cracked, my arms long, my hands clasped together in a tight fist in front of me as if I’m diving. Which I am. The window shatters and I plunge in the water. It’s so cold I can hardly breathe, but I push deeper and swim underwater as long as I can. I come up, gulp for breath. A bullet whizzes by my ear. I dive back under, my shirt billowing over my face. I pull it down and bite on it, swimming towards the darkness in front of me, away from the shouts behind me. 
Next time I come up for breath, I start swimming the crawl. I’ve never swum this fast before. I haven’t swum fully clothed since lifesaving class in junior high. I can’t hear anything except the splashing of the water and the pounding in my ears. I’m exhausted, but I don’t dare stop. Ahead, I see lights. Is that Alameda? I can’t tell what direction I’m facing. No matter. I can’t swim that far. The boathouse is behind me. I veer right, swim closer to shore, then parallel to it, but away from the boathouse. My arms feel like cement blocks. I head for land, feel for the bottom. There it is. I stand. Rest for a second. The adrenaline is all gone. I’m freezing. I have to get out. Doesn’t matter if they’re on the shore waiting for me.
My feet make a sucking sound as I pull them out of the muck.

Chapter 25: Halloween Street Party
The Berkeley recycling-yard murder case took a new twist with the discovery yesterday of an architect’s sketch of a software campus on the city-owned land that the recycling facility was recently evicted from, and a meeting between city council aide Gill Sykes and murder victim Doug Spaulding the morning before the murder. Sykes’ lawyer said his client may be guilty of having ambitious ideas for developing West Berkeley, but was in no way connected to the murder.
—Daria Reeves, “New Developments in Recycling Murder,” 
San Francisco Chronicle, October 31, 1998

[October 31. Saturday. Noon.]

When I wake up, I’m in a sleeping bag in the living room of my old house. Eileen’s house. The sun is streaming in through the windows and I smell coffee brewing in the kitchen.
There’s a note on the coffee table. “I’m glad you called last night. Have to help a friend move. Maybe I’ll see you tonight at the rally.”
I feel stiff when I stand up, but remarkably whole for someone who got drunk, crashed through a plate glass window, and then dodged bullets while swimming in icy water. My neck is throbbing, but not as sharply as last night. My head is cloudy. My mouth is dry as cotton. I’ve got scabs and cuts on my knuckles and the back of my hands. But I slept more solidly than I have in weeks. I’ll make a note of that: For better sleep, get drunk and exercise vigorously before bedtime. 
I vaguely remember walking through deserted streets of East Oakland and calling Eileen collect from a pay phone outside a liquor store. She came right away, no hesitation, with warm clothes and thick wool socks.
Maybe Doug wasn’t so paranoid after all. I don’t know if Jono and his pals are coming after me again, or they just were trying to scare me. They did that. The only thing they seemed to want to know was who told me about them. Should I warn Gino? I didn’t identify him, but what if there are only a couple of possibilities? 
The newspaper’s in the kitchen and I read Daria Reeves’ story twice after I pour my coffee. It’s on the front page above the fold and my name is in the second paragraph. Spelled right. The story covers more than the development plans—Reeves even includes some of what I told her about Con’s infiltration of community groups and its history of crushing competitors. All the threads I’ve been following seem to be coalescing into an epic story, like a bunch of small streams feeding a mighty river. It’s my story she’s telling, though she’s certainly done a lot of additional reporting. This is the first time anyone other than me has done any significant excavation of Scavenger’s activities. 
She’s got Tom Herman denying infiltration charges and calling Renée Moraine “a publicity-seeking impostor.” Scavenger has no record of hiring her, he says. No one has ever heard of her. Yes, the company donated money to the Pittsburg community group, but Herman characterized it as part of its standard charitable outreach. “We strive to be good neighbors.”
I know it’s irrational, but I look for a story about my boathouse adventure. I guess I’ll have to write that one.
The newspaper also says rain is coming, but the sky is clear and blue as I walk home. Indian summer has lasted far longer than usual. The air smells of dusty sidewalks and car exhaust. A band of brown smog hugs the horizon across the bay. 
All over town, there’s a buzz about tonight’s Halloween street party and rally outside the barricaded Re-Be yard. When I stop in the produce store on San Pablo on my way home, the woman in front of me is chatting with the checkout guy about it. “Can I take my kids?” she asks. There are police cars prowling the empty streets west of San Pablo. 
When I get back to my studio, there’s a message from Donna. I call her and tell her all about my harrowing escape in East Oakland last night, and she’s so sympathetic, I feel embarrassed. She gushes about the story in the Chronicle and she wants to know about the Halloween party—there are even posters in her neighborhood. She invites herself before I get a chance to ask her. 
I’m thrilled, then I immediately start worrying about what to say if Barb sees us together. Totally irrational, I know. I asked Barb and she begged off. 
I borrow a Santa Claus suit from my puppet theater neighbors, so I’ll be in disguise. It was used for a life-sized puppet a few years back, so it’s sewn into one piece and I have to wiggle into it from behind. But it was originally made for humans, so it fits snugly once I wedge a pillow in front of my stomach.
Donna laughs when I answer the door. “Aren’t you a little early, Santa?” 
“Oh, I’m just down here scouting out the chimneys,” I say, my voice low and gravelly. “Last year I got stuck in a couple, so the wife put me on this low-carb diet.” I croon from my throat with a raspy baritone, “Chipmunks roasting on an open fire...”
She pinches the sleeve of the green hospital scrubs she’s wearing. “My friend’s sister works in a lab at San Francisco General. The best I could do.”
I tell her she looks beautiful and sexy. I mean it, I really do, but it feels like such a line, and I deliver it in a light way that feels like self-mockery. Like it’s something I would never say. Donna doesn’t know that. She smiles and says thank you. 
Maybe it is something I would say. 
Fifteen years ago, when I was taking bicycle trips—along the East Coast, around Vancouver Island in British Columbia, through the rolling hills of northern Arkansas—one day I piled camping gear on my bike in Berkeley, barreled out of town, then took a U-turn and headed back in, pretending to be a tourist. I stopped a dozen people to ask where I might camp the night, asked about the town as if I’d never been here before, and talked to far more people than I would have in a month of regular jaunts through town. I noticed how the Spanish style stucco bungalows got bigger as you headed north on Peralta Street. I noticed how you could tell where the troubled neighborhoods were by the “drug-free zone” signs. Mostly I noticed how bold and liberated I felt by my pretense. 
Tonight I feel the same way—expansive behind the Santa suit, trying a new persona on Donna, the jolly romantic. I met her as a benefits counselor, then I was playing investigative journalist. What about all this searching for truth I say I’m all about? This isn’t the real me. I’m acting. But maybe it has to start as acting to become real.
On the phone, Donna called me “refreshing” again. I get the sense that she’s dated one too many corporate golden boys who were acted like they could do better and that she appreciates my modesty. Whatever the reason, I’m flattered by her interest and when I tell her that, she says she’s glad. She’s so straightforward compared to Barb, but I can’t help but wonder if she’s slumming it—she might want to visit this quirky and refreshing Berkeley world where we care about saving the planet and all that, but she’s not likely to want to live in it. Doesn’t matter, I tell myself. Savor the moment.
Ahead, I see four or five spotlights fanning across the sky, and hear snatches of amplified singing by a man with a low voice. In one side pocket I have my skinny notebook and a pen, in the other my smallest camera. No map. No compass. I’m not relaxed at all—my mind and body are throbbing with all the drama of the past few days—and I have no clue of what’s ahead, with Donna, with the Re-Be street party, with the next week, or year, or decade. But something is bound to happen and I’m damn well going to show up to find out what it is. 
Big clouds hang in the sky. They slipped in late afternoon, like the fog, but they’re not like fog at all, more like the ominous Great Plains summer thunderclouds from my childhood. There’s a hint of Missouri summer in the air—a sluggishness, a thickness, with that ephemeral sugary ozone smell you get from lightning storms or running the vacuum cleaner for too long.
We’re still a couple blocks away, but already there’s a loud murmur in the air. I hear snatches of singer keening the Grateful Dead song, “Friend of the Devil.”
I try to tell Donna more about my boathouse adventures, and she’s very interested, but it’s already so noisy I have to talk into her ear to be heard. It’s not the time for involved narration.
“Hey Donna,” I nudge her gently with my elbow. “You too big to hold Santa’s hand?”
She pokes her forefinger into my spongy belly. 
“I don’t know Nick, depends on what kind of presents you’ve got in your bag. Hey, you don’t have a bag.”
“Maybe later you want to sit on Santa’s lap and tell me what you want for Christmas this year.”
“Well, it’s tall, dark, and handsome, and I don’t think it’s going to fit in a bag.” Then she gives me her hand. I take off my white gloves. It’s too warm for them. 
I can’t stop fretting about Donna and Barb. For me, the song of the moment seems to be, “If you can’t be with the one you love, then think about her when we you’re with someone else.” Donna is light-hearted, but somehow I fault her for that. If you’re not tormented by the vagaries of the cold cruel world, then you must not be paying attention, is that it? 
The front gate of the Re-Be yard is strung with chains and barbed wire and standing in front are ten guards in dark blue uniforms. There’s a logo in yellow script on their front pockets. Eight fold their arms in front of them. Two hold them behind their back. All wear sunglasses—the floodlights are that bright. Searchlights chase each other across the sky from a makeshift platform, hooked by a fat yellow extension cord to a gas generator behind the dead-end sign. In the center of the street a lanky, goateed singer on a flatbed truck wails away about WalMart. His red tank top says, in strident black ink, “1. Arm the Peasants. 2. Seize the Factories. 3. Smash the State.” 
There must be at least a thousand people here, and more keep streaming in. Hundreds are in costume—a few elaborate, but most simple plastic masks. I see at least a dozen Bill Clintons, almost as many Monica Lewinskys. And Nixon is still popular in Berkeley. The air smells of pot.
Twenty feet from the flatbed truck is a station wagon with a sheet of plywood on the roof and hundreds of flashlights taped together in a pyramid, all shining on the singer. There are a dozen or so flashing green and white bike lights. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I think I see a bolt of lightning, but I assume it’s another wandering searchlight. Then few seconds later, I hear thunder rumbling. My armpits are sticky with sweat. Santa’s overdressed.
Hanging from cars, from streetlight poles, from building windows, are painted bedsheets and hand-lettered signs. “Take Back Re-Be,” “Consolidated Scavenger Out of Berkeley,” “Con Go Home.” A row of tombstones parallels the Re-Be wall along Sixth Street, each with a flashlight shining up on it from below—“Re-Be Will Rise Again,” says one. “R.I.P. Consolidated Scavenger,” says another.
Across the street I spot Jimmy, dressed in stained jeans and untucked button shirt. I ask Donna to wait, and I stride towards him. He has an aluminum can of Weltanschauung in his hand and he’s grinning and swaying, a caricature of a drunk. I’m sure he won’t recognize me. “Hey, hey, Santa, yeah, you know.” He gives me a gentle punch in my belly. Not as gentle as Donna’s. “Gonna bring me some beer for Christmas? Better make it cans, so’s you can just drop ‘em down the chimney. Good enough.”
He throws his arm around my shoulder, as if for balance, and shakes his head, his grin falling to a grimace. “Man oh man oh man,” he says, “Jimmy’s been naughty this year. I am way wasted.”
He pulls his arm away and faces me. He turns cold sober. “You okay, man? I’m so fucking sorry. I didn’t think they would, you know—“
“Try to kill me?”
“They were just trying to scare you, man,” he says. “I had to bring you there, man, I owe them so much money. I’m so glad you’re okay. You’re a good swimmer.”
It’s hard to be too angry at Jimmy. He’s like a child.
“Did they waste Doug?” I ask.
“Don’t ask me that, man. Don’t ask.” And he slips into the crowd. 
I’m not too modest to notice, at a table stacked with flyers, a pile of reprints of my latest story in the Beat and Daria Reeves’ story from the Chronicle.
In between musicians are speeches from the truck bed, mercifully short. A burly Channel 2 cameraman pushes past us. Kisa stands on stage, holding the microphone, her face covered by a ghoulish hood. “We’re here to celebrate Halloween, but also to send a message to the city and Consolidated Scavenger that they picked a fight with the wrong people. To find out more about the Re-Be shutdown, check out the materials at the table to the right of the stage. Your right.. Back to music in a minute. But one announcement first: At 9:30, we’re going to march up to University Avenue. Please join us and remember, we do not have a permit. t’s only because there are so many of us and that we are peaceful that the city is letting this party happen. We want to send a message, but we also want this to stay peaceful. Thank you. Now here’s my colleague, Renée Moraine, to tell you a story.”
Renée wears a simple light blue summer dress, down to her ankles. Maybe it’s a costume. I’ve never seen her dress like that. On Kisa, I would call it a hippie dress. 
“I’m not wearing a mask or a costume,” Renée says, her mouth too close to the mike. “but I was wearing one before. That’s because I owe it to myself and to Re-Be not to hide behind a costume, even on Halloween. I’m a Re-Be staff member, and as some of you know from the newspapers, I betrayed Re-Be, before I came to my senses.” She does a pretty dramatic rendering of her covert meetings with Scavenger and then she mentions me by name. “Brian Hunter, a reporter for the Beat and a former volunteer for Re-Be, caught me in the act and I thank him for that.”
Donna nudges me in the ribs and grins. After Renée comes Miguel, who rails about Scavenger’s criminal record. The crowd near the stage is getting riled up and I steer Donna to a spot outside the floodlit area where it’s dark enough I can’t see the green of her scrubs. 
“You know I’ve always wanted to kiss Santa Claus,” she says.
I take her hand and place it on my beard. “Might be kind of scratchy.”
“What if he pulls down his beard?” she says, and I do and we slowly lean forward until our lips graze each other’s. She pulls back for a second, then comes towards me again.
“Mmmm,” she says. 
I step back. She grabs me by my pillow and pulls me towards her.  
While Miguel continues his rant—I hear every word, though I try not to—I lean against the brick wall of the empty warehouse and Donna leans on me and we make out like teenagers. The pillow around my belly keeps our bodies from touching. When I pause to pull it out and put in on the ground beside me, she pauses for a second. Then she kisses me again. She’s a hungry kisser and she hugs me tight, though she keeps her eyes closed or averted.  
After Miguel comes a woman with a high voice singing an Irish ballad. Donna slips her hand inside my Santa suit onto my back and pulls me closer. 
“You’re fun,” I say. “Scares me a little.” 
“Well, there’s the good-girl Donna and the bad-girl Donna. Good-girl Donna stayed home tonight.”
“I like both Donnas,” I say. “Maybe someday we could do a threesome.” 
“Might get pretty crowded in your little studio.” 
I lean back and pull her to me and give her another kiss when I see Barb thirty feet away. She leaning her ear toward a tiny woman with curly gray hair and black rimmed glasses. A teacher friend of hers. I can’t remember her name.
I turn my head, pull the beard back up on my face. 
“What’s wrong?” Donna asks.
“Nothing. Just feeling shy.”
“You weren’t acting very shy a minute ago.”
I feel Barb’s eyes on my back. I nudge Donna towards the railroad tracks. “What is it?” she asks. 
“The march is starting.” I grab my pillow and put it back under my suit, and steer us in a wide arc away from Barb. We walk up Sixth Street without talking. I can tell Donna is put off, but I don’t know what to say. Just ahead of us, the flatbed truck inches up the street, carrying the searchlights and the generator that powers them. Two young women are singing the Sweet Honey in the Rock song, “We are the ones we are waiting for.”
The security guards stay in front of the fortified entrance to Re-Be, but police on bicycles and horseback follow the marchers. I see officers from Oakland, Emeryville, the University of California, Albany, El Cerrito, even the California Highway Patrol. Behind the truck is a crowd carrying torches. Hundreds of people carry flashlights, but Santa forgot to pack one.
Miguel is on the sidewalk leading chants through a megaphone. 
Hey hey, ho ho, Scavenger has got to go. 
Hey hey, ho ho, Scavenger has got to go.
On the sidewalk, I see Ginsberg from the Re-Be board, dressed in shorts and a fleece pullover, flailing his arms and yelling at Kisa, who’s removed her hooded cloak. Her hair is sticking up at odd angles and she’s holding her hands up in front of her as if to defend herself physically from Ginsberg’s words. Ginsberg is livid, his neck muscles bulging and his face flushed. I grab Donna by her sleeve and scurry towards them, but by the time I get there, Kisa is running towards the front of the march. I pull down my beard down so Ginsberg can see who I am. 
“Dammit,” he says. “Dammit.” 
I wait.
“You’d think I was the enemy, not an ally. You think I do this for my health?”
He bites his thumbnail. He’s always been so guarded talking to me, worried about how he’d sound on the record. He doesn’t seem to be thinking about that now and I don’t want to remind him. 
“I would love to be wrong,” he says to me, “but watch. It’s going to backfire. Civil disobedience is theater. You gotta rehearse. They’re not prepared. They’re not disciplined. There are too many free agents wandering around. And with masks on? What a colossal mistake.” 
Ginsberg starts talking about the protests against the Persian Gulf War in ’91, when roving bands of so-called anarchists in Berkeley broke windows, set fires, and overturned a police car. “I hate that they call themselves anarchists,” he says. “They sully the name of an honorable and disciplined radical tradition. They just want to tear things down, show how screwed up the system is, lash back at everyone and everything. And they’ll be here tonight. Count on it. It’s a nightmare waiting to happen.”
Then he stops and appears embarrassed by his outburst. I introduce Donna. We say goodbye and slip back among the marchers. As we approach University Avenue, Donna stops, pulls down my beard, and gives me a quick peck on the lips. I almost jump. “Thanks for inviting me,” she says. 
Then I wrap my arms around her and pull her in for a deep, passionate smooch. 
That’s when the sit-in starts. 
When the stoplight changes to red, several dozen people in costume dash into the street and sit down facing the University Avenue traffic. The flatbed truck and a couple of other trucks roll in behind them. Burly Ray Robbins hops out of the flatbed, stands on the hood, and raises the ignition key up high so the crowd can see it. Then he heaves it onto the roof of the futon store across the street. The light changes and the honking starts just as the crowd cheers Ray’s throw. He takes a bow, jumps off the truck, and sits down in the street. 
“Join us. Sit down with us,” shouts one of the masked women in the front row. Soon there are more than a hundred people sitting in the intersection. Horns blare. The protesters are surrounded by dozens of police, many walking next to their bicycles. It’s too crowded to ride them. One barks through a megaphone.
“If you do not disperse, you will be arrested. I repeat, if you do not disperse, you will be arrested.”
The order is met with cheers and jeers and more honking. The driver of a car at the front of the line, a bald gray-bearded man wearing a leather jacket and blue jeans, turns off his ignition, climbs out, and raises his fist as he sits down in the street. The crowd roars. The searchlights fan back and forth across the sky. The young man who was singing “Friend of the Devil” earlier climbs up on the truck next to the generator, starts strumming his guitar, and leads a chorus of “We Shall Not Be Moved.” 
Two helicopters hover above, stark in front of the whitish storm clouds. A cameraman steps carefully between the sitting protesters, followed by a reporter who leans over and sticks her microphone in someone’s face. 
“Were you expecting this?” Donna shouts into my ear.
“No,” I say, “but then I wasn’t expecting to be kissing you either.” 
“Wait till I tell my friends I made out with Santa Claus.”
After another warning, the police wade into the crowd and start making arrests. Every time someone is lifted up and escorted—or dragged—over to the police bus on Addison Street, someone else takes their place. There seem to be hundreds of police here, but they’re overwhelmed by protesters. Shannon is one of the first to be arrested. She waves her Hillary mask as she’s led off. I pull out my camera, try to get closer. 
Two men in Bill Clinton masks and a guy wearing a metallic toxic-cleanup suit lug one of the concrete garbage cans from the sidewalk out to the center of the intersection. Miguel unrolls chicken wire and strings it around the trucks in the middle of the street. One of the floodlights illuminates a painted sign on one of the trucks, which says “Con Go Home.”
A bolt of lightning streaks across the sky, and a second later, a rumble of thunder.
I like to tell people I was once arrested for sitting down all night in front of a Wells Fargo ATM machine to protest the bank’s investments in South Africa, but it’s just a line. I’ve never done civil disobedience, but I’m feeling a sudden urge to sit down in the street and get dragged off by the police in plastic handcuffs. 
I want to takes sides, not stand on the sidelines as an observer. Sure, I’m on the side of the truth, but it’s not the truth that’s going to determine whether Womack and Sykes and Herman boot out Re-Be in favor of dot.com development and Consolidated Scavenger’s monopoly. I pause momentarily to wonder what Donna will say, but another voice chimes in quickly: “Don’t let her make your decisions.”
I pull down my beard and speak into her ear. “I’m going to sit down there in the street,” I say. “I might get arrested. Do you want me to walk you back to your car, or can you get there yourself?” 
“Wait a minute,” she says. “I thought you were a journalist. You’re going to hurt your credibility.”
“I’m not so sure whatever credibility I have has ever made any difference.”
“Of course it has,” she says. “Why do you think you were in the Chronicle this morning?”
“Because I found the blueprints. The plans. They weren’t interested before. And that wasn’t because I was a journalist. I wanted to write the story, but they said no.” I pause. “So you think I shouldn’t do it because it might compromise my integrity, but you’re not mad at me about leaving you on your own on a Saturday night?”
“I’m a big girl, but thank you for thinking of me. Seriously Brian, there are plenty of people who can sit in the street. Who’s going to write the story about what happened here tonight? Who’s going to tell the truth you’re so big on? Just keep taking pictures.”
Before I can deliberate further, I hear an explosive crash behind me and turn to see the shattered plate glass window of the Bombay Sari Palace fall to the sidewalk. Then comes a sharp “whhhhhup” and a burst of flame from a garbage can a few feet from the window. Six or seven revelers wearing capes and plastic masks whoop and dance around the fire. 
Then I’m crushed in a mob of people going in opposite directions. A cluster of police race towards the fire and the broken window. At the same time a crowd of civilians run the other way, away from the fire. A short Asian woman with a clenched jaw is pulling a child by the hand and smacks right into me as I turn. Before I can help her to her feet, I get bumped from behind and I hit the curb with my left shoulder. I raise my head to look for Donna. More glass breaks and then one of the helicopters dips lower and the wind whips around me. 
There are so many sounds at once. Horns honking. The police bullhorns. The throbbing bass from a car stereo. A high-pitched howl of pain. The deafening helicopters. The cheers and jeers of the crowd. The crackle of fire. I smell plastic burning, acrid diesel exhaust, the grainy earthiness of horse manure, Thai food from the corner restaurant. Ducking and leading with my head, I wiggle away from the crush of bodies and find myself next to the flatbed truck, which is empty. In the distance a train whistle shrieks, and then come the clanging bells of the crossing gate. As if any traffic is moving. Behind me, a man bays like a wolf.
I swing up on the stage, about three feet off the ground, feeling a sharp spasm in my right shoulder as I push off. I pick up the microphone on the bed of the truck and tap it. It’s live.
Okay, brave boy, you want to make the news. Go for it.
I straighten my beard and lift the mike to my mouth. “Listen up, kids, it’s Santa Claus, eight weeks early.” I haven’t stood on stage and spoken into a microphone since the band’s last days seven years ago. I curl my fingers tightly around the mike, feeling the metal grooves with my palm. Can anyone hear me? Is anyone listening?
“That’s a lie. I’m not Santa Claus. I’m really a member of the big bad media we all love to hate. I’m a news reporter who’s been covering the Re-Be fight for several months. And let me tell something you already know. What’s the story on the TV news going to be tonight? How Re-Be is standing up to the city of Berkeley and Consolidated Scavenger? No, the story will be: ‘Riots rock Berkeley. Unruly protesters break windows and burn trash cans.’”
From the back of the crowd comes a jeer. Or is it a cheer? 
“The television news.” I lift up the mike for emphasis. “The people watching the news. They’re going to say, ‘Oh, it’s Bezerkley.’ They’ll ridicule what should be a great example of people rising up and stopping the takeover of an important community institution.” My God, I sound so preachy. 
“Let’s stop with the vandalism. You know what Santa says, ‘Peace on Earth.’”
 “Fuck Santa!” I hear from the back of the crowd. “Fuck off.” And then comes a chorus of jeers. Are they jeering me, or shouting down the hecklers? 
As I turn my head, a rock the size of my fist flies by my face. It smashes the front windshield of a black and blue Berkeley Police car. The glass shatters, doesn’t break. The rock rolls onto the hood.
I feel the first droplet of rain on my wrist. Then another on my cheek. Kisa is looking up at me from the edge of the truck bed, her hood off her face. I motion to her to come up on the stage. 
“Santa’s done now. Please. I want you to listen now to Kisa Bettis from Recycle Berkeley. She’s one of the organizers of tonight’s protest. Kisa, come on up here.” I reach out and pull her up, feeling another spasm in my shoulder. “And don’t forget to leave me some cookies and milk on Christmas. I like chocolate chip best.” I hand the microphone to a wide-eyed Kisa and jump off the stage. I hear a roar of cheering and clapping, whether for Kisa or for me, I don’t know. I hear the same voice at the back of the crowd yell, “Fuck Santa,” but he sounds hollow, and the cheering drowns him out. 
“Let’s go back,” Kisa says, her voice calm. “Let’s walk peacefully back to the Re-Be yard.” The drizzle is falling more steadily now. Kisa turns and faces the protestors sitting in the street. One of the spotlights turns to illuminate her. Her hair is wild and frizzy and pointed in three directions. One strand is stuck on her cheek and seems attached to the hood twisted around her ear. She flings up her arm in front of her face to block the light, but keeps talking. “We’ve made our point. The rain is coming. Dozens of our courageous brothers and sisters have been arrested. We’ve inconvenienced enough drivers. Let’s open the street back up, go back to Re-Be and continue our party. And be peaceful.”
Her exhortations are greeted with a mix of cheers and boos. Mostly boos. A group of protesters chants, “Hell, no, we won’t go.” But four or five of the people blocking the intersection slowly stand up, then a few seconds later, another two, then a clump of about six. For a brief moment, it seems as if there’s a hush in the din and all eyes are locked on the protesters rising to their feet in slow motion. As if practicing tai chi. It’s quiet enough, for a split second, to hear raindrops bouncing on the cab roof of the flatbed truck. The police pull back. The helicopters seem muted. One large man dressed as a clown gets up, then falls back down and has to be helped up. He grins. Others laugh. There are still dozens of people sitting defiantly when a police officer speaks through a bullhorn in a calm voice. “We will give you five minutes to clear the intersection. Anyone remaining in the street in five minutes will be arrested.” 
Ray, who flung the key of the flatbed truck onto the roof, must have a spare because he climbs back in the truck and slowly backs it into a driveway on Sixth Street as the crowd retreats. A couple of policemen and some costumed civilians push and wiggle the garbage cans back to the curb. I stand on my toes and scan the crowd for Donna in her green scrubs.
With Kisa still standing on it, speaking quietly into the microphone with the patience of a kindergarten teacher, the flatbed truck inches towards Sixth Street behind the throng of marchers. The drizzle is gentle and soothing.
But the slow motion is shattered by another rock-meets-glass explosion, then war whoops and police bullhorns and honking cars. Now everyone is running. I try to get over to the sidewalk so I can stand on something and look for Donna. But as I turn my head to make sure I don’t get run over, a light mist stings my eyes and they sizzle with sharp stabs of pain. I scream, rub my eyes, fall to my knees. Around me I hear an awful chorus of shrieks and moans. I curl up into a ball and wail.



Chapter 26: Too Few Towels
Riots rock Berkeley tonight as costumed protesters shut down University Avenue, set fires, and vandalize businesses. Police made more than one hundred arrests.
—KCBS News, October 31, 1998

[October 31. Saturday. 10:45 p.m.]

I bulldog my way to the curb and collapse on the wet grass. My Santa suit is soaking. I prop my back against a parking meter. Tears stream down my face, first the tears from the pepper spray, but then tears from deep down inside, down where I’ve buried all those anguished hours when Eileen and I were desperately trying to get pregnant and only succeeded in blaming each other, down in that subterranean vault where my broken dreams and caustic disappointments are piled in a heap, down where that shy and skinny little boy I’m still loyal to hungers for attention. 
I squeeze the tears out, wringing the woe from the deepest recesses of my insides. The rain falls in sheets. 
When I shake my head clear and open my eyes, I see that traffic on University Avenue is moving now, albeit slowly. Two rows of police stand back-to-back and shoulder-to-shoulder across Sixth Street, one row facing University, the other down Sixth. 
My throat tickles. I gulp the wet air greedily. I grab my red hat and beard and stand on wobbly legs. 
A loose column of protestors is walking down Sixth Street, looking more exhausted than festive. There’s the grim reaper, his cardboard and foil scythe wilting. Clumps of people sit on the curb in a daze, and, like the expression goes, they look like I feel. I totter over to an elderly man in a brown monk’s robe who’s lying on the grass next to a driveway. 
“Are you okay?” I ask. 
“No,” he says, “But I will be if I can just lie here for another few weeks.”
I offer my hand to help him up, but he waves me away. My eyes are still teary, but the sharp, searing pain has faded into the more recognizable feeling of rubbing my eyes after cutting jalapenos. I lift my face to the sky and let the rain wash out my eyes. I can’t tell the difference between my tears and the raindrops.
As I pass the locked-down Re-Be yard on my dazed walk back to my studio, Renée calls out from across the street. She asks if she and her friend Sean can dry off and watch the news at my place. It’s almost eleven, she says. “You remember what Doug used to say after demos, ‘The revolution will not be televised? Get real. It’ll be fucking syndicated.’” 
“How do you even know I have a TV?” I say. 
“Oh come on, everybody has one, even if you never watch it.” 
“It’s black and white,” I say. 
She tilts her head and flashes me this give-me-a-break look.
“Okay, there might be color,” I say. “I only watch black-and-white documentaries, so I’m not sure.”
Kisa finds us on our way to my studio and I invite her as well. She, in turn, invites Barb and her teacher friend, who have materialized from somewhere and are now walking south of Sixth Street with us. Barb congratulates me on my Santa speech.
“Man, what a night,” Renée says. “You wouldn’t happen to have any towels and alcohol there with your black-and-white TV?” 
I do. Plenty of booze. Certainly not enough towels.
I run ahead, my wet black sneakers squishing like sponges. I need to straighten up my studio, I say, but mostly I’m wondering if Donna is waiting for me. I hope not. I don’t want to be dealing with Barb and Donna at the same time. But there she is, sitting in the front seat of her Toyota, the window partly open and country music playing. She swings open the door and gives me a hug. 
“You’re soaking. Are you okay?” she asks. 
“I got gassed, but yeah, now I’m okay. A little nauseated. And you?”
“Still buzzing. Not too wet. You didn’t get arrested?”
“No.” 
“Your Santa speech was awesome.”
Kisa and the others are waiting at the front entrance of the warehouse. “Hey, it’s almost eleven,” she shouts. “Let us in.”
I’m trying to figure out how to tell Donna I had a delightful time with her, but please go home now, but she invites herself in and introduces herself to everyone. I unlock my studio door. 
I pass out all the towels I can find and some dry shirts and sweatpants, and pretty much empty out my dresser. Then I haul out the booze. Before our breakup, Eileen and I did a lot of drinking, numbing our way through those hours before bedtime, and then I kept that up for the first few weeks I lived in the studio. I still have almost a full bottle of whiskey, another of brandy, and five bottles of a very drinkable dry red table wine from Portugal. I also find three beers in the refrigerator. I dump my soggy Santa suit in the utility sink and slip on some dry pants and a cotton shirt.
While I’m hunting for more towels in my storage chest, Donna figures out she’s met Barb before. 
“I used to work at Scavenger,” Donna says, “in the Broadway office. Tom Herman walked you through the place. He introduced you to me. You probably don’t remember me.”
Barb nods. Her eyes dart from me to Donna and back to me. 
“What were you doing there back then?” I ask Barb. “You said it wasn’t until summertime that —”
“Some networking thing,” Barb says quickly, taking the towels from me and passing two of them to Renée and Sean. “I got a tour of the office and met a bunch of people.” 
She turns to me and speaks quietly—for my ears only. “The truth is, Tom Herman was wooing me to work for Con long before I could ever imagine doing so.” 
She lifts the last towel above her head and raises her voice. “Marion, I can share this one with you.”
The TV shows live footage of traffic flowing on University Avenue. A reporter standing in front of the shattered Sari Palace tells the story of what he terms a “riot.” There’s film of the fires, the broken windows, the blaring horns and megaphones. A helicopter shot of freeway traffic backed up on the University exit ramp all the way to Emeryville. Lots of protesters in costume. The news anchor uses that ubiquitous trivializing phrase, “reminiscent of the 60s,” as if to say, “oh, it’s just a bunch of aging hippies rioting for old times’ sake.”
The media loves to ridicule Berkeley. Time and again Berkeley proves to be ahead of the curve, and many of the embryonic movements and trends nurtured here—from free speech to recycling to divestment from South Africa—have become mainstream, but the “only in Berkeley” gibe keeps finding its way into news copy. 
A long-haired young man named Robbie, looking like he’s homeless, tells the reporter, “We’re here to send a message to the city to reopen Re-Be.” Maybe not the right messenger, but the right message. 
Then Robbie’s statement is “balanced” with three clips of motorists, all of whom are angry. “Berkeley thinks it can play by its own rules,” says one.
The newscaster also says that City Councilwoman Sheila Womack, reached by telephone at her home, says that those arrested will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, especially those who instigated the violence. She says that security around Re-Be will be tightened and that the city will not tolerate any more “brawls” of this sort. 
Kisa hasn’t stopped pacing since we got inside. She grabs the remote and switches to the other stations, but none have news at eleven. There’s a movie on Channel 7, but we see a teaser for the news. “Halloween riot in Berkeley closes down University Avenue. Seventy-five arrested. News at 11:30.”  
I’ve never had this many people crammed in my tiny studio before. Fortunately, I cleaned up this afternoon, before Donna came, and folded the futon into a couch. That’s where Renée, her friend Sean, and Barb sit. Barb’s friend Marion is in my desk chair, Donna’s on a folding chair next to my tiny café table. Kisa, when she finally stops pacing, leans against my refrigerator. I’ve pushed aside some papers on my desk and perch there, my weary legs dangling. 
I’m wiped. I’m not the only one. Kisa, however, is bent on reliving and second-guessing every episode of the evening. Sean suggests that maybe the violence helped the cause, “put the demo at the top of the news.” 
Kisa snaps at him. “Sure, yeah, you try talking into a microphone while hoodlums are throwing rocks at you. You stand there and let David self-righteous Ginsberg lash out at you with his ‘oh so articulate’ Stanford University debate club arguments. You try and reach consensus with a bunch of ‘purer than thou’ radicals. And then you gotta worry about what ‘mister watching from the sidelines Hunter’ is going to say about you in the newspaper.”
“That’s not true,” I say. “I wasn’t on the sidelines. I jumped on the stage in the middle of the riot.” 
“Just in time to pull me up there to get pelted with rocks. What a night. How am I going to sleep? Do you have any Advil or Alka-Seltzer Plus? I’ve got a headache, I’m nauseated, and I didn’t even get gassed.”
Turns out that everyone and their sister has been venting on Kisa. Miguel gave her grief because she called off the civil disobedience unilaterally, without consulting others. Someone else scolded her for putting down the people who were violent. 
“Even Jimmy Pawlowski lectured me,” Kisa says, “gave me a piece of his mind, however marinated it might be. ‘The revolution,’ he said. ‘We had it in our fucking hands, you know. We had the power. The pigs were shitting in their pants. We had all this fucking power and you got up there and gave it away.’ Does he know what he sounds like?” 
“I actually think he does,” I say, but Kisa isn’t looking for an answer. 
“I tried to do the right thing.” She downs another shot of brandy, looks to Barb as she speaks. “No one else was taking responsibility, so I said, let’s march to University. If it was such a bad idea, why did everyone go along with it? People were cheering as we headed up there and we could have had arrests go on all night. Every time someone was led away, someone else took their place. But all that anyone is doing is yelling at me or being disappointed. I stepped up to the plate, but nobody is saying ‘oh, good, you took charge. Thanks.’ Let Scavenger take over. Re-Be’s just a circular firing squad anyway. And Ginsberg, I wished he would have just yelled at me, but he just shook his head in disappointment, like I was a stupid child who didn’t know any better.”
Barb lifts her shoulders and speaks sharply. “Kisa, what do you want from me? You want me to hold your hand? You picked the wrong door. You think you’re the first person ever trashed for making an unpopular decision? You think you deserve special treatment?” She says “speckle” instead of “special.” 
Kisa sits down on the arm of the futon, her back to the rest of us. “Why is everyone ganging up on me?”
“Look, Re-Be isn’t just some innocent victim here,” Barb says, her voice softening. “They never would have shut us down if we hadn’t screwed up on the reporting, if we hadn’t given the finger to the city every time they wanted us to be accountable. You wanted the money, you wanted to be treated like adults, but you acted like teenagers who wanted freedom but wouldn’t take any responsibility—”
“Don’t you lecture me—” 
“Maybe you’re just now figuring out how fucked up Re-Be is. Everybody has to contribute to every decision. Everybody’s opinion is equally valid. That’s bullshit. Re-Be’s got the worst case of Berkeley-itis I’ve ever seen. I didn’t jump ship to work at Scavenger just for the money. I became an expert on recycling after many years of hard work, but Re-Be couldn’t handle experts. Experts were elitist. Expertise was bourgeois. Any moron stumbling down the street has an opinion that’s just as valid as mine. What did you expect, Kisa? Sure, you tried, hooray for you, but for how long? Six months? You want a medal? I did it for ten years. Did I get a medal? Well, yeah, I did, but I didn’t even get a chance to walk up to the stage and get it before I was attacked with a dead dog, for Christ’s sake. Blame everyone else. The city’s full of meddling bureaucrats. Scavenger is evil. The collective is somehow holy, but every individual in it is suspect. The board is meddling. I don’t know what pronoun to use anymore, we, you? Stop whining. Deal with it.”
Kisa sits, stunned, her mouth wide open. We’re all frozen there for a second. Is this rapier-tongued Barb the woman I’ve been swooning over for years? Whew! She’s ice cold and searing hot all at the same time. 
Renée leans forward and faces Barb. 
“You’re being way too harsh,” she says, “Sure, Re-Be is all those things, but it’s also like family, and this family did a much better job of forgiving me than my real family ever did—”
“You got a free ride, Renée,” snaps Barb. “You betrayed the organization. You lied. You only repented because you got caught. Yet you were welcomed back like the prodigal daughter, flying high on the freedom of your public mea culpa.”
I raise my hand and say, “Whoa! Can’t we, maybe, all get along? We could check the news on the radio—”
Barb storms right over me. “I didn’t betray anyone. I gave months of notice. I explained myself repeatedly, but I’ve been given so much shit about leaving. Endless shit. Then I hear Kisa whine about a tiny fraction of the problems I endured for years. I’m supposed to be sympathetic? Shannon’s the only one who said to me straight, ‘We’ll miss you, but you need to do this. For yourself.’ Everyone else called me a whore, a sellout, leaving Re-Be in the lurch. I kept helping, even after I left, though I don’t know why.”
Kisa stands up again, tears sliding down her face. “Hold on. You’re painting us all with one brush here. I never criticized you. I defended you. Over and over again.” She’s pleading, her voice high, trembling. “You’re not talking about Re-Be. You’re talking about Doug. He’s the one who trashed you, blamed you, all that stuff, every chance he got. He was obsessed with making you into the devil. A lot of us defended you, maybe you didn’t know that, but we did. I did.”
There’s a few seconds of silence, then Barb sighs and bows her head. “Oh, Dougie.”
She slumps there looking at her hands folded in her lap while everyone else in the room holds their breath. Kisa put her finger on it. Doug is here with us. All the free-floating anger and agitation churning in my studio tonight, and in the streets of West Berkeley a few hours ago—twisted through it is Doug’s manic madness. The psychotic quality of Halloween night—the party with the floodlights and the armed guards in their sunglasses, the impromptu sit-in on University Avenue, the violence, the tear gas, even my own voluble Santa Claus—the tortured and mercurial spirit of Doug has been floating through all of it. 
Donna has hardly said anything since we all sat down—when has she had a chance? At least she’s not bored. The TV is still on with the sound off. There’s a story on Halloween in San Francisco’s Castro District, not just the drag queens in high heels, but also the families from the suburbs who come in to gawk.
Then Barb starts talking about Doug, in a slow, dispassionate voice that I have to lean in to hear. “I can’t believe how long I stood for him denigrating me. I can’t believe it.” 
She’s looking down at her hands, twisting her hair in her fingers. Her glass is empty. She reaches across Renée’s knees to pick up the whiskey bottle from the floor and fills her glass. 
“When I tried to break up,” she says after taking a drink, “he would get all apologetic and vulnerable and say he had a hard time with me finding my power. He supported me, he said, and I would melt. He was sincere. At that moment. But that didn’t excuse his behavior. We had some stretches where we broke up, and there was this big emptiness because he took up so much space in my life, and when he crawled back and begged me to give him another chance, I did. Three times I did. But not the fourth time. That enraged him. He thought he could win me over. I had to be cold to him or I would succumb again. I was ice cold. No openings. A brick wall.” 
The rain pelts the skylight. After a minute of silence, there’s a little small talk, and then Donna stands up and says she’d better be going. That starts a mass exodus. 
We all say our goodbyes and I walk Donna to her car and kiss her goodnight. The rain has softened to a light drizzle.
“Maybe next time,” I say, “we can have a more traditional date—dinner and a movie, not civil disobedience and a riot. 
“I’d like that,” she says. “But don’t apologize. Tonight was...stimulating. Really.”
“We’ll have wine instead of tear gas next time, I promise.”
I watch Donna drive off and lean my head back to drink in the cold, bracing air. 
When I push open the door to my studio, there’s Barb slouched on the futon, her feet tucked under her, an empty shot glass in her hand and a look on her face somewhere between come-hither and stop the world I want to get off.




Chapter 27: Creating My Own Truth
At the recycling awards dinner, Barb Genessee never got a chance to deliver her acceptance speech, and she fled after the protesters’ attack with the dead dog. But she left behind a scrap of paper with a list of people to thank. One name on that list was Doug Spaulding.
—Brian Hunter, “Murder. Eviction. Aluminum.” East Bay Beat, October 28, 1998

[November 1. Sunday. 1:30 a.m.]

My first impulse is to slam the door and run down the hall.  
I squeeze the doorknob, take a deep breath. Look around the studio and down the warehouse corridor. “Did Marion leave?” 
Barb nods. “Did you kiss the lovely girl good night?” 
I close the door and walk across the room to my desk. I want to sit, but can’t figure out where. 
“What is it with you, Barb? You resist my advances. You don’t return my calls. You tell me to find someone who’s available. You give me advice about how I need to be more bourgeois and have a real place to live and a car so I don’t scare away women, and now I hang out for an evening with some woman, who likes me, thank you, who is not a ‘girl,’ who laughs at my jokes and who, by the way, used to work for Con, then decided she didn’t have the stomach for it. Yes, I kissed her. I told you I was interested in you. You did everything but rent a billboard to discourage me. Why are you here?”
“A girl’s allowed to change her mind.”
“I can change mine too.”
I lean against my desk, take off my wet shoes, and pull on dry socks. Actually Barb’s been giving me mixed messages all along. I remember what some advice columnist said, that when someone gives a mixed message, it’s actually a message that couldn’t be clearer—I’m trouble and you should run away as fast as you can. Too late for that.
Barb drapes a fleece blanket over her shoulders, tucks her feet under her legs. She laces her fingers together and presses her thumbs against each other. She stares intently at her hands. After all the larger-than-life storminess of Halloween night and the restive crowd crammed into my tiny studio, Barb seems so small sitting there by herself. She’s not the same woman who lashed out at Kisa twenty minutes ago. She shifts her legs again, sways side to side.
“You’re drunk,” I say.
“I’m relaxed,” she says.
She doesn’t look relaxed. 
“You know, I’m not the kind of guy who takes advantage of a woman who’s drunk. Maybe now’s the time to change my ways.”
“Maybe I’m not that drunk. Yet.” 
I laugh. Or sigh. A little of each. An exhalation with sound effects. 
“So what are you saying, Barb, ‘give me some more whiskey and then fuck me’?”
She cringes, her eyes closing for a second. My heart is beating fast. I steady myself against the file cabinet. Then I sit down on the other end of the futon from her. 
“That came out wrong. I’m just so—never mind, it’s too hard to explain. I think about you a lot, Barb, way too much for my own good. Especially since we went swimming. And took the walk with Einstein. Actually I’ve been thinking about you since the day we first met, but you probably don’t remember that.”
She shakes her head.
“My band was playing a Re-Be benefit. About ten years ago. I sort of came on to you, then Doug came along and put his arm around your shoulders. I slinked away.”
She looks up at me and I see a tiny teardrop in the corner of her left eye. I swallow. So does she. Her defiance is gone. I feel my entire body opening to her. She looks so vulnerable. 
I slide closer to her and run my finger through her hair. 
She looks down, and I gently lift her head and kiss her on the forehead. I take her hand in mine and we sit without talking for a few minutes. I tell her I’m going to get a glass of water, my mouth is dry. Does she want one too? Or does she want whiskey. Water, she says.
There’s so much I want to ask her, so much I want to tell her. “I’m glad you stayed.” I’m shaking as I say it.
She closes her eyes when I kiss her on the lips.
“It’s too bright in here,” she says. “Can you turn the lights down?”
I click on my desk lamp, then twist its snaky arm so the bulb is an inch from the desktop. Then I turn off the lamp by the futon. The room is dark, but the glow from beneath the bulb is enough to see Barb’s face. 
“Let me open up the futon so it’s flat,” I say. “We’ll be more comfortable.” 
She stands up and helps me pull open the futon, then after I unfold the sheet and spread it out, she says it’s still too bright.
“I want to see you,” I say.
“Do you have any candles?”
“No, but I’ll get some. After I get the car and the house.”
She half-smiles, but with a grimace at the corners of her mouth.
“I don’t mean to complain,” she says.
“I could turn this off,” I say. “There’s maybe some light seeping in from the skylight. But with the rain...”
“Could you?”
With the desk lamp off, I can barely make out Barb’s silhouette a few feet away. 
“That’s better. Thanks.” 
“I can’t see your face,” I say, “I guess I’ll have to feel my way around.”
I can hear raindrops tap-dancing on the roof and the whoosh of air moving through the aging ventilation system.
I find her lips, first with my fingers, then with my lips. We kiss for a long time. And grope. I start undoing the buttons on her shirt. She strokes my arm. I can’t seem to undo the third button. 
“This is why I like zippers,” I say.
“Take your time, Brian. There’s no rush.”
I slow down to an exaggerated slow motion. She laughs and that melts some of the tension. 
I slide her pants off an inch at a time—that takes a couple of minutes—pausing to kiss her stomach and her breasts. When we both have our clothes off, we slip and slide our bodies together and cling tightly to each other.  
“Mmmmm, bare skin on bare skin,” I say. “So delicious.”
I trace my finger down her stomach, then up the inside of her leg. “You ever hear that old polka song,” I say “‘I used to kiss her on the lips but it’s all over now’?” 
She pulls my chin up to her face and places her hand on my cheek. “Be gentle with me,” she says. “I’m not as tough as you think.”
“Gentle I can do,” I say. “Wild and exciting I might need some practice with.” 
“Excitement is overrated,” she says.
We make love slowly and tenderly and then even slower. I’ve never gone so slowly in my life before. I bury my nose in the back of her neck and breathe in the musty sweetness of her hair. She bites my ear. Then it does get wild and we roll onto the floor and have to crawl back into bed with the sheet tangled in our legs. Her moans turn to sobs. 
I stop. “Are you okay?”
“Just keep fucking me.”
I’ve wanted Barb for so long, and now I’m making love to her and it’s thrilling and feral and terrifying all at the same time—as if I’ve jumped out of an airplane into the chilly cloudless sky with a borrowed parachute. 
My body is clenched, anticipating the crash into the hard ground. 
When we finish, the sheet is damp with sweat and tears. She rolls away and turns her back. “Are you okay?” I ask again. She nestles her head below my chin. Her hair grazes my Adam’s apple. She’s stopped sniffling.
“I’m just feeling really emotional. I’m fine.”
I knead her back between her shoulder blades with my thumb. There’s a big knot right next to her spine. 
Her body radiates so much heat I pull away and lie on my back. We rest silently holding hands. I feel calluses on her palm, at the base of her fingers. 
“You were gentle. I liked that,” she says.
“You were wild. I liked that.”
She sits up, downs the water in her glass, then nudges me with it. “Please.” 
I take it from her and fill it from the utility sink. 
I want to sleep but my mind is racing. Barb sits up and drinks more water.
I start talking and I can’t stop. I tell her about my boathouse adventure, about finding François, about the banker’s box. I hear voices in my head shouting questions I’m afraid to ask. I tell her about confronting Gill Sykes, about telling my story to the newspapers. I’m stalling, circling, watching for an opening. I want her to do the work for me, but I know she won’t.
I take a deep breath, swallow, lick my lips. 
“You left Doug before you left Re-Be, right?” 
I hug my arms to my chest. She hesitates.
“Chronologically, yeah, but I pretty much had to do both at the same time. I couldn’t work with him. It was hard enough when we were together.”
“I’m a little confused about what happened when. Earlier tonight, Donna said she recognized you from a visit you made to Scavenger, but that was way back last year. You told me it wasn’t until this summer that you started that dance.”
Barb is lying on her back, her face to the ceiling, as am I. She lays her head on her arm, her face turned away from me. 
“That was the official story, yeah, but it was more complicated than that. I had some conversations more than a year ago, nothing real. I could talk with Doug about leaving Re-Be and he could listen. He would argue, but we could talk. Ending the relationship— he wouldn’t discuss that. I just had to do it.
“He was always telling me how terrible it was I abandoned Re-Be, but that wasn’t it. It was leaving him that was so terrible. He was so out of touch with his feelings, but then they’d come screaming out of him at all the wrong times and in all the wrong ways.” 
She stops and we don’t talk for a few minutes. I want to melt into her, but I keep my distance. Her body burns with heat. Twice I start to say something, then I hesitate. Stay with this tenderness. Like Barb says, there’s no rush. But I’m too awake, too excited, too afraid I’ll lose my nerve.
The third time I get it out. 
“I told you about the banker’s box I found. Well, there was so much in there—Doug wrote down everything, and he didn’t exactly file things chronologically, so...anyway, there was one thing that got me thinking. It was a note about me visiting you at Con on a Tuesday. That day I came to your office. How did Doug know about that?” 
“What are you talking about? Can’t you leave your reporter hat off for more than a few minutes, at least in bed?”
“See, the thing is, he didn’t seem at all surprised to see me. At first I thought it was because I was just a meaningless piece of nothing to him, but then I thought no, that’s not it.”
“What’s gotten into you, Brian? Can’t you just enjoy the moment? We just had some really intense sex. I’ve really let down my guard. I want to stay in this place, not get interrogated.”
She’s right. I’ve waited so long for this moment, to be lying with Barb in my arms. I imagined being content. I’m not.
“I told you he had been trying to reach me,” she says. “I suppose I might have mentioned you were coming to see me.”
“So, you’re saying that you and Doug were, sort of, in contact during this time he disappeared, even though you weren’t speaking to each other.” 
“Oh God, we were never not speaking to each other. I was trying to not speak with him, but he wouldn’t stop badgering me. He’d leave voice mail. He’d write e-mail. He waited for me outside work one day.”
I massage her upper back. Her neck is tight, her shoulders pulled in towards her ears. 
“You’ve got a big knot here by your shoulder blades.” I press harder with my thumb. “You’re holding tension there.”
“The booze has worn off.”
“You knew I was going to write about the fight in your office, didn’t you?” 
Two seconds. Four seconds.
“What do you mean? How could I have possibly known?”
“And you knew that Doug was going to do that protest too? At the awards banquet. You were so nervous when we were talking. You kept looking out of the corner of your eye like you were expecting something to happen.”
Barb sits up, pulls the blanket around her shoulders. My eyes have adjusted to the dark, but I can barely make out her eyes. I can tell she’s looking at me.
“Brian, you were accusing me of mixed messages before. I’m getting some very mixed messages from you now.” Her voice is sharp.
“Of course, they’re mixed.” I start out matching her sharpness, then ease up. “I care about you. I really do. I’m not trying to attack you. I just want you to tell me what’s going on.”
“There’s nothing to tell.”
“You can trust me. I want to know.”
I can tell by the tilt of her head that she’s studying me.
“Brian, I know you care about me. I’m touched. Truly. It’s hard for me to hear this, this distrust from you.”
I remember Doug telling me that Barb could lie like a champ, but didn’t like it. He said he could tell when she was lying. Can I?
She takes a deep measured breath, runs her fingers across my chest. I expect to feel tension in her body, but instead she seems to relax. 
Oh, that’s how she does it. She plays the vulnerability card. Woos with her authenticity. When she’s telling the truth, she’s lighter, more spontaneous. 
“I can tell when you’re lying,” I say. 
“Come on, lover boy. Romance is not interrogation.”
“See, most people get tense when they lie, but you, you get all heartfelt and heavy. Direct and honest. Except that you’re not honest. You tell it like it isn’t.”
She grabs me playfully by the hair and pulls me to her. “Come on, stop playing Inspector Clouseau. I thought you wanted to be more passionate.”
I squeeze her and kiss her deeply, passionately, then I bury my head in her hair. I sit up.
“Barb, I already know more than I want to know.” My voice is firm, but I try not to be cold.
She takes a drink of water. 
“No newspaper stories. None. Nada. Zip. Everything stays here.”
She puts the glass down. Rubs her eyes. Sighs. 
“So you know how Doug wouldn’t let go of the idea that Con was going to take over Re-Be?” She speaks haltingly at first, then picks up a rhythm. “I didn’t believe that, at first. I don’t even know if Doug did, but he had to believe that Scavenger was evil so he could demonize me. He did convince me that in other parts of the country, Con had gained monopolies through buying up and taking over competitors—you know all about that. So I agreed. It was his idea, but I was a willing participant. I agreed to stage what we called pre-emptive strikes against a possible takeover.”
I’m wide awake now, my mind racing ahead, trying to figure out what’s coming. 
“We decided to enlist you to be a messenger, to write these stories about the potential of a takeover. Keep Con honest. You’d already written those book reviews and we knew you wanted to be a reporter. So Doug pitched you the whole garbage/recycling wars idea—”
“Sure, sure, I knew he wanted me to track the takeover stuff, but you too? You and Doug talked about this? How could you have had this idea of me writing these stories before I did? You hardly even knew me. You—”
“You talked about it. You told me you were going to pitch the idea to your editor. That time we met on Shattuck, when you were on your bike.”
“No, no, that was after Doug bugged me about it. He was relentless. So...man oh man, did I...I mean...you guys...I can’t believe...I...” I can’t string a sentence together. I sit up, rub my eyes. Barb touches my shoulder tentatively, like she’s trying to gauge my level of agitation.
“So did I do what you wanted?” I ask.
“Things got out of hand,” she says. “Doug abandoned the script. He pretty much did what he wanted.”
“So let me get this right—you staged the fight in your office so I would write about it? And then you got all pissy when I wrote the story. What kind of bullshit is that?”
“The fight was Doug’s idea and I did not want to do it, and then it turned out to be vicious like that. I was shaken. That was no act. It’s just that I sort of did know he was coming and he did sort of know you would be there. It was supposed to be light. We wanted to create some drama for you.”
“You did.”
“I guess I took it out on you when the story came out. That wasn’t fair.”
“No, it wasn’t.”
“I was furious with Doug for how vicious he was. I couldn’t very well praise you for the story.”
I wait. So does she.
I lift my head and lean on my elbow so I can see the side of her face. Barely. 
“I’m having a hard time believing this. And the demonstration? At the awards?”
“Doug rewrote that script, too. I thought there was just going to be some parading in front of the stage with signs, while the TV crews were there. The dead dog thing—Doug was deranged. He never went that far before. He wanted to punish me, and I didn’t understand how deep the desire to do that was until, well by then I had a pretty good idea. These dramas we scripted were supposed to be small and personal, not hostile. And once he started improvising, I couldn’t reach him anymore. He disappeared. He would contact me, but I didn’t know how to reach him. There was no dog in the script. And don’t think I didn’t notice the kind of dog Doug found. It was no accident that it was a lab like Einstein. For all I know, he found a live dog and killed it. I wouldn’t put that past him.” 
I walk over to the sink and fill my glass. I go to my dresser and pull out the green long-sleeved button shirt that Eileen bought for me. It’s soft and comfortable and, except when it’s hot, always the first shirt I wear after my laundry is clean. I slowly button it up, breathing deliberately. I stroke the worn fabric along one arm, then the other. I’m not cold, but I want the softness, the comfort. I fill Barb’s glass and sit down in the chair next to the futon. Barb folds the pillow under her head. My little alarm clock with the red numbers says 4:23.
“You met with Doug the day before the awards, didn’t you?”
She doesn’t answer.
“It was in his notes. In the banker’s box. ‘Check in with Barb on Friday.’”
Barb lies there breathing deeply. Even in the darkness, I can see the rise and fall of her chest. 
“There’s another thing I don’t understand,” I say. “Well, there’s lots I don’t understand, but, well, let me just ask it straight.” I take a breath. “How did you get Doug’s van to West Oakland? Or maybe what I mean is how did you get back?”
Barb’s shoulders stiffen. 
“What do you mean?”
“They found Doug’s van yesterday. You must have heard. It was on the news.”
She says nothing.
“It was in West Oakland. Near Jimmy’s. Jimmy, the scrap metal guy.”
Barb bolts up. “Remember the time we talked at Brennan’s?” she says, leaning towards me with a conspiratorial whisper, touching me affectionately on the wrist. 
“Of course. I’ve thought about it many times. I feel like I got to know you that night. You became real. But what’s this have to do with Doug’s van?”
“I thought you were going to make a move on me then.”
“Oh.”
“I was disappointed you didn’t.”
“I was too. But I was married. For all practical purposes, so were you.“
“You know that’s what I like about you—you wouldn’t have an affair because it’s wrong.”
“And you would.”
“Would and did,” she says. Then, after an awkward silence: “You’re horrified, aren’t you?”
“I’m done being horrified with you. We were talking about Doug’s van.”
She tugs at the pillow she’s sitting on, then throws it at me. I deflect it, then reach down and pick it up off the floor. I wish I could see her face better. 
“I’m not finished talking about us.” I don’t want to flirt. “At Brennan’s. Really, why didn’t you hit on me?”
“Changing the subject, are we?” I aim for lightness, but it feels phony. Dark as it is, I can see the whites of her teeth open into a playful smile. Dammit all, she’s such an incredible woman. Sure, she’s trouble, but why can’t I enjoy her?
“Okay, answer me this,” I say, playing along. “At the risk of sounding incredibly clueless, how was I supposed to know you were interested in me?”
“Well, I knew you were interested in me. How did I know that?”
“I’m pretty transparent, I guess.”
“You were, what’s the word? Sweet. Solicitous. I mean, we weren’t really even friends. We were acquaintances. You picked up that I was upset. It’s not like me to tell my troubles to a stranger.”
“I could tell you were upset. But not that you were interested. I mean, how do two people who are attached to other people come to, you know, connect?”
“It couldn’t be simpler,” she says. “Someone, usually the man, says something like, ‘I’m very attracted to you,’ or ‘I’d like to fuck you,’ or ‘You look like you’d be fun in bed,’ or my favorite”—and here she’s makes a gagging sound—‘That dress looks great on you, but it would look even better on my bedroom floor.’”
“Someone said that to you? With a straight face.”
“Oh, he was smiling. He knew how cheesy it was.”
“Did it work?”
“The line doesn’t matter that much—it’s the declaration of interest.”
“Yeah, my wife said the same thing.”
“What?”
“That I was a weenie. That I didn’t ask. I didn’t take risks.”
“But you did. That’s why I’m here.”
She lies back down. I toss her the pillow. I wait.
“Can you lie down next to me again?” she asks.
“No, Barb, I can’t.”
But I do. I lie on my back. She rests her head on my chest.
The drizzle on the roof is soothing, rhythmic.
Barb clears her throat. 
“Even after we broke up,” she says, “Doug was still ‘renting space’ in my head. I’d have imaginary conversations, trying to figure things out, explain to him why I did what I did. I still do. I still talk with him.” She pauses between sentences, sometimes between words, but the pauses get shorter as she continues. 
“In real life we couldn’t have a calm discussion. He would escalate it. But in my mind, we could slow things down and I could make him understand that it was just something I had to do. The breakup I’m talking about.”
I start to tell her that I know all about imaginary conversations, that I have been having them with her. But I bite my tongue. I hear the building breathing.
“For all his manic energetic bravado, Doug had a depressed soul underneath. I loved that part of him, but he wouldn’t let it show. He was ashamed of it. Once, maybe twice, he said he couldn’t bear living without me. Because I understood him. I don’t think anyone else ever did. It was such a bizarre thing—he would say he missed me so much, then he would tell me what a shit I was, a sellout, a hypocrite, a bitch.”
She stops.
“So Doug clipped the electrical wires, right?” I ask. 
“Always with the questions, huh? Is this how you woo women?”
I hold my breath. It’s as if everything I know is suddenly wrong. Yet, in the back of my mind, I realize I’ve seen this coming for a long time and now it’s here and why am I surprised? The pieces have been here all along, but I haven’t put them together. I haven’t wanted to put them together. I’ve been looking for new pieces instead and building alternate scenarios around them.  
I created my own truth, just like Doug urged me to, but it’s a lie.
She takes my hand in hers, lies on her side facing me.
“He was sabotaging Re-Be. To spite me, to make me feel bad for leaving him, leaving Re-Be. It was all going to be my fault. I couldn’t believe that he had it in him to be so...obsessed with revenge. I used to tell my friends that he might have been a better boyfriend if he’d been jilted a few more times in the past. He was so spoiled. So selfish. And so full of energy. Always so tireless and relentless. He used to wear me out. Arguing. Making love. His intensity was unreal.” 
Barb stops talking. I try to relax, let every thought and feeling pass through me, make way for the next. If the wind keeps blowing, nothing can take root. 
“Okay, so it’s nine at night, it’s dark, you’re working at Re-Be,” I say. “You’ve promised Kisa you’d help with the reports for the city. And then, what?” 
“I’m feeling depleted. I can’t.”
“Start at the beginning.”
She’s breathing rhythmically. She’s buried her head in her chest. I wait. I’m afraid she’s fallen asleep. Then she starts talking.
“You’re right, it was a little after nine, like the police said. Kisa had already run the data for the report, but she wanted me to review it. She’s still new at it. Can you at least hold me?”
I reach one arm around her midsection, but I keep some space between our bodies. My breaths come in short pants, from the back of my throat. I pull my head down into my shoulders like a turtle, try to push my breathing into my diaphragm. 
“Thank you,” she says. 
“So I had turned on the computer and had opened Excel, but mostly I was looking at the hard copy Kisa left for me. I got rid of it later because it had my fingerprints all over it, but I don’t think anyone missed it. There were lots of copies. I heard Rabbit barking.
“He stopped, and then I heard noise from out in the yard, a metallic sound. I took the flashlight from the drawer and walked outside the hut. I picked up a two by four. It was about three feet long, heavy. I took a few steps into the darkness and said ‘Anybody here?’ It wasn’t that dark, but my voice sounded really small in that big night sky. 
“I kept talking, I didn’t want to surprise anybody. I figured it was some homeless guy who had snuck in to sleep. Mostly all I could hear was the freeway. And the crickets that live in that thicket by the tracks. That’s good, the crickets in the thicket. It was muggy, like tonight before the rain. I swept the flashlight across the yard. I relaxed a little, telling myself I was just tense from the new job and it was a raccoon or possum out there. I called for Rabbit, and when he got there I shined the flashlight on him and noticed how old he was getting, how his eyes were so droopy and sad. But he was wagging his tail.
“He limped away and looked back to see if I was following, so I did. 
“I swept the area in front of me, left to right and back again, and I caught this split-second image of a tangle of wires hanging out of the circuit box on the metal pole by the shed. I walked over there, thinking maybe old paranoid Doug was right after all, there was sabotage going on. I switched arms so I had the wood in my right arm and then I heard the sound of a glass bottle hitting the pavement and breaking and I turned the flashlight towards the sound and there’s Doug standing there with wire cutters in his hand. First he squints in the light, then he folds his arms in front of him and looks defiant. 
“‘What the hell are you doing here?’ I asked him.
“He took a step towards me and said, ‘I work here, remember. Who invited you? Did your corporate masters send you here to rip off Re-Be’s office supplies?’ He has the gall to say this while holding wire clippers in his hand. And yet I felt defensive. I stayed calm. I asked him what he was doing with the wire clippers.”
“‘You’re trespassing,’ he said to me. ‘You don’t work here anymore.’
“‘From what I hear,’ I said, ‘neither do you. You’ve been fired, and you haven’t been showing up for work anyway. This place is going down the tubes and the city is breathing down our neck. That’s why I’m here, to help Re-Be.’
“‘Our neck,’ he said, with his trademark sneer. ‘Our neck? Who asked you to play savior?’
“‘Kisa did, as a matter of fact. And the board.’
“It wasn’t until then that I truly realized how ludicrous the situation was. He was standing there with wire clippers and making me defend myself. So I let him have it—verbally I mean.
“‘You couldn’t find evidence of sabotage, so you created it yourself, is that it? You answer me or I call the police right now.’ I remember almost every word he said, but not what I said. I should have called the police right then.
“‘I’m here to bring you down,’ he said, then he went on one of those rants that I will spare you about me up in my mighty corporate tower sucking the big Con dick. He said, ‘Count on it, when Re-Be goes down, you’re taking the rap, honey.’ He was so hostile, so full of vitriol. I knew he hated me for leaving, but the scale of it frightened me. It was as if I represented all the evil in the world. 
“I told him that he needed help, that wanting to hurt Re-Be and blame me for it was sick. ‘You hate me that much’ I said to him, ‘you hate me so much that you’d destroy something you’ve worked on for ten years?’
“‘You already destroyed it,’ he said. And he took a step towards me. 
“I raised the two by four over my shoulder and told him to stay where he was. The wood was heavy. My arm was tired. I didn’t know what he was going to do. I didn’t know what I was going to do. I really didn’t.
“‘Oh, are you afraid of me?’ he said. He made some face at me, like he was sticking out his tongue, but it wasn’t that. I can’t really describe it. ‘Little miss corporate whore with her big salary and her martial arts classes and her billy club is afraid of a skinny guy with a pair of wire cutters? What are you going to do with that two by four, hit me over the head with it?’
“‘I’d like to kill you with it, that’s what, put you out of your misery.’ I really did say that. I remember that clearly. But it was only words.
“‘How efficient,’ he said. ‘You could kill Re-Be and me with one blow.’ 
“‘Oh, that is a laugh, like you’re holding the place together.’ 
“‘You can say it was self-defense, that I was attacking you.’
“He even told me how to dispose of his body. ’After you hit me,” he said, “drag me over to the baler, pack me up inside some aluminum, and ship me to Korea. They won’t find me for weeks.’ It was almost like he won this battle of wills between us by making me hit him.
“‘Get out,’ I yelled at him. ‘Get out however you came in.’ 
“But he didn’t leave. He crouched as if he were about to pounce, then he did this fake lunge, like he was going to tackle me by the knees. I jumped forward and whacked him. It made a thunk and he went down.”
“It was self defense,” I say. “Clearly—“
“Brian, this is why I kept trying to disabuse you of this notion that I’m some sort of saint.”
“Oh, I think you’ve cured me of that,” I say. It comes out sharper than I expect.
“I hit him over and over again and then I sat down on the ground next to him and put my head in my hands and cried.” Her voice trembles a little, but it’s remarkably even and there’s not a hint of tears. “What had I done? I thought of calling the police, but I didn’t. My second big mistake.”
She presses herself against me, and pulls my arm tighter around her. I can feel the in and out of her stomach. I can also feel myself stirring below. I pull away a few inches.
“I heard the train rumble by, the 9:45 Amtrak from Sacramento. I checked for a pulse, but knew I wouldn’t find one. Not much blood really. I was appalled at what I did, but I also felt clean, light. Justified somehow. How weird that was. My eyes must have adjusted to the dark. There was just a little light from the streetlights over on 6th Street and I walked over to the baler and I could make out the color of the cans, the bright ones anyway, the green of the Sprite cans. I snapped open the wire on one of the bales using Doug’s wire cutters, and then used the forklift tines to knock it open. I dug out a cavity to fit Doug in, then turned on the baler. I slid this one in the back way. I was in an altered state, but part of me was thinking very clearly, like there was a bright light shining in my head and I was looking at everything through a glass window that had been sprayed and squeegeed. No streaks or dirt. I scrubbed the ground where I had hit him with bleach, and then I found some cans with beer or pop in them and poured them on the pavement.
“I took a long long shower when I got home, but I couldn’t really wash the blood out. I still can’t.” 
I sit up, put a pillow behind my head and lay back down, barely touching her. I pull my shirt closer at the collar.
“I know you’re going to tell me to turn myself in. Plead self-defense. But he never attacked me. He taunted me. He baited me, and I lost it.”
“You snapped, like you were afraid you would. But it’s still self-defense even if he wasn’t actually in the moment attacking you.”
“And what law school did you go to?”
“But it was. You can’t just live with this. Don’t you think you’d have a hard time holding onto this? I can’t imagine.”
“Look, Brian, I’m sure you would never do this in the first place, but if you did, you would turn yourself in. You would. You’re an honorable man. But that’s you. What do I gain by doing that? Yes, I did something wrong, something horribly wrong, but going to jail isn’t going to make it right. I’ll be miserable no matter what.”
“But I did do something like this,” I said. “I hit my bandmate Joaquin over the head with a chair in a drunken rage. About seven years ago. Of course, he didn’t die. If you turn yourself in, you might get off entirely or get a light sentence.”
“A light sentence? What? Ten years? Twenty years? We’re in a law-and-order state, Brian. Hey, if I caused some industrial spill that killed hundreds, I might just get a fine, but this is murder. There’s a guy I know from college who’s in jail for twelve years for driving a dope dealer to a sale. See, I’m channeling Doug. Doesn’t that sound like him?”
“So if it weren’t for the strike, the Korea thing would have worked?”
“They still don’t have any evidence. Of course, I bungled the Korea thing. My third mistake. I slapped a bar code from the manifests onto the bale, assuming it would get shipped out in the morning. Used to be we’d ship all our metal to the East Coast, but Kisa lined up this new contract in September with a Korean broker. I found out about the strike the next morning at work. Con also had to shift some shipments, from ship to train.
“But I covered my tracks. I didn’t save any of the work I’d done on the computer, so there was no record of me being there. My fingerprints are all over the place, but I worked there for ten years. And I had work gloves on for, well, the baler part and all that.”
“Do you have an alibi?”
“I told the police I stayed at home, finished reading the Sunday New York Times and went to bed. They found some blood on the ground at Re-Be. So what. Clearly it’s got to be someone who can run a baler and that’s a bunch of people. There’s another of Doug’s ideas. ‘Let’s teach all the board members and solid waste commissioners and council members how to run the baler.’ We had a couple of great open houses where we did that. You put that in your story.”
I start to say that one lesson isn’t really enough to actually learn the baler. It’s not like piloting a plane, but it takes a little practice. Instead I tell her more about the horrible fight Joaquin and I had. As if my heinous behavior somehow makes her less so. 
I feel protective of her. I feel angry at her for being so smart. And so stupid. I feel sorry for myself that I’m here with her like I’ve long hoped for, but under circumstances I never imagined. 
I feel afraid of her, but I’ve always been afraid of her. And that excites me.
My penis is hard and pressing against her back. I pull her towards me and climb on top of her. 
“What are you doing?” she says.
“My mind is reeling,” I say, “but my body has other ideas.” I pull her closer. 
She groans. “I’m wiped. It’s been quite a night.”
“I want to come inside you again,” I say, not asking. I lift her up and slip a pillow under her.
“I want to sleep.”
“You’re not going to be able to sleep.”
“Be gentle,” she says.
But I’m not. I’m brutish. I’m selfish. I’m only interested in my own pleasure. 
I want to make her cry again, but she doesn’t. She turns her face from me. It’s more like we’re fighting than making love. I grab the underside of the futon to keep from falling off, and feel grit on my fingertips. Here I am inside her, where I’ve dreamed so long of being, but she’s not who I thought she was and I’m angry at her, angry at myself, angry at the mother-fucking universe. I turn her around and go in from behind. Her body finds my rhythm. I bite her neck, push her head into the pillow, yank on her hair.  
“You fucked it all up, Barb.” My voice one part whisper, one part growl. “You ruined it. For us. For yourself. You had so much going for you and you fucked it all up. You were getting free. You just didn’t know it.”
She snarls right back. “Oh sure, it’s all about you, isn’t it? You’re just like Doug. You can only think of how this affects you.”
That’s right, she doesn’t shrink in the face of anger. She knows how to dish it. “Don’t you be telling me about fucking things up,” she says. “Don’t think I don’t know what kind of hell I’ve signed up for.”
I come. I roll off, drink some water. The morning light dribbles in through the skylight. I turn away. I can’t look at her.
“It’s dawn,” I say. 
“And who’s going to take care of Einstein?” she says. “He’s too old and neurotic for anyone to adopt him. Who’s going to take care of my dear old dog, tell me that?”
“Do you want any water?” I ask.
“You weren’t gentle,” she says.
“No, I wasn’t.”
She rolls onto her side and pulls the sheet over her head.  
“What a night,” I say. “I’m going to make some coffee.”
Barb sleeps. I sit in my desk chair watching her upper body rise and fall rhythmically. I drink cup after cup of coffee, and replay the night from a hundred angles. How can she sleep? I hear the slap of the newspapers on the pavement and a snatch of a car radio playing a song in Spanish. I ask myself, over and over again, how did I let myself go to bed with a woman who I knew was a murderer? 
Barb is right. I’ve been deifying her. I’ve projected all this goodness and nobility onto her. That’s what one of my friends, a Jungian therapist, says romantic love is all about. We project all of our own saintliness onto another. It’s exhilarating, but it’s not really who that person is. 
I kept making excuses for her. 
Just to get laid? 
Of course that’s part of it. But a bigger part is that I recognized this kindred tortured soul in Barb. Her deep well of anguish was there before long she committed a murder and lost a lover. It goes way back to her father’s abandonment and her brother’s death. Probably even before that. Or maybe it’s like my own pain, not due so much to specific failures like Eileen or the band, but to the cumulative way that life’s disappointments pile up until they’re an unscalable mountain. 
Later in the morning, we make love again. I know there won’t be another time. I feel bad I was so rough earlier. I caress her body for a long time. I’m slow and gentle. Her body arches into mine. 
But she’s checked out. We can see each other clearly in the bright morning light but she won’t meet my eyes. She wrinkles her nose and squeezes her eyes shut. Though her body seems responsive, I don’t know if she’s feeling pleasure. Or if I am. For a second, when I shift position to rest my arms, I catch her eyes before she closes them. In that fugitive second, I see a shiver of terror in them, as bottomless as an abandoned quarry filled with icy water, like the one I used to swim in back in Missouri.
She leaves without touching the coffee I pour for her. As she disappears down Eighth Street, I lean against the damp coarse bricks of the warehouse and gulp the rain-fresh air as greedily as a mountain climber whose oxygen tank has failed. 
Low gray clouds smother the morning sky.




Chapter 28: Election Night
When voters in Berkeley go to the polls on Tuesday, the future of Recycle Berkeley is not officially on the ballot. But with the city’s rival political factions so polarized, the Doug Spaulding murder, the eviction last weekend, the recent discovery that developers have plans for the land Re-Be sits on, and last night’s civil disobedience and riot, it might as well be.   
—Luba Voinovich, “How Showdown Over Recycling Could Reshape 
Berkeley Politics,” San Francisco Chronicle, November 1, 1998

[November 1. Sunday. 8 a.m.]

Back inside, I study the only photograph I have of Barb, a bland, black-and-white headshot that accompanied one of my stories. It was taken before the murder. She’s not looking into the camera. Her cheekbones are prominent and it’s a good hair day, so she looks pretty, but in a vacant no-one-home kind of way.
A week earlier the same photographer took a dynamic shot of a restless Doug sitting on a bale at Re-Be. You can almost see him fidgeting. 
I know Barb’s eyes are brown with a glint of green, but I can’t picture them in my mind. Last night in the dark, I saw the whites of her eyes, but no color. When we had sex this morning after it got light, she didn’t open her eyes except for a second, and I saw fear, not color. 
The sex was mind-blowing. Intense. Thrilling and harrowing at the same time. I’ve never experienced such abandon before. I’ve never been rough like that before. It excited me. And terrified me. I had no idea I had that in me.
Late morning, after my sixth or seventh or twentieth cup of coffee, I read the newspapers, front to back, including the stock pages and obituaries. They’re full of election coverage. Both feature a prominent photo of costumed protestors outside Re-Be on the front page, but only a short blurb. 
I walk like a zombie through the maze of gray corridors to the bathroom. The puppet theater guys are rehearsing and laughing like it’s a normal Sunday afternoon. 
Mid-afternoon, I find myself reconciling the bank statement for the salvage yard on San Pablo. My mind knows what it needs, the comforting neutrality of numbers. I catch up with three of my backlogged bookkeeping clients. I don’t even play music. More than once, I find myself in front of the computer keyboard, my fingers frozen on the keys, not remembering what I am doing. At one point, I jump up in my seat, startled that the sun has gone down.
I turn on all the lights—my desk lamps, floor lamps, the clamp-on utility lights in the silver collar, and the fluorescents hanging by a long steel tube from the center beam of the ceiling. I wash all the glasses and cups, then shake out the rug and mop the floor. I strip the sheets and blanket from the futon, lifting them to my nose to see if I can smell Barb. Maybe. I don’t know what she smells like. I borrow an extension ladder and clean the panes of the skylight with ammonia and crumpled newspaper. I wipe the leaves of my pothos plants with a washcloth.
I remember in John Steinbeck’s East of Eden how the main character, Adam Trask, goes to see his former wife a dozen years after she shot him and left him to raise their twin babies on his own. She’d become a madam in a Salinas whorehouse, and for the first time, Adam saw her as the twisted, manipulative, cold woman she was. Instead of being devastated, he was liberated. I feel the opposite of liberated. While I’ve discarded my romanticized image of Barb—I hope—her sins somehow bind her to me more than her virtue. She horrifies me, but I still want her.
I stuff all the towels and my other dirty clothes into a couple pillowcases and a backpack and walk to the all-night laundromat on University. The rain has come and gone again. The air crackles. Seagulls squawk overhead. Tree branches shake in the wind and leaves flutter to the ground. It smells like the first day of fall. Stapled to almost every telephone pole on University is Daria Reeves’ Friday story in the Chronicle about the development plans for the Re-Be yard. I bring home Indian takeout. 
When I turn out the lights at around ten, I can’t sleep, even though I’m exhausted. The studio smells of ammonia. When I open the tiny little window above my desk to let in some air, I hear the hum of the freeway and a bell clanging in the harbor. I feel snug in the clean sheets, still warm from the dryer, but my mind won’t shut down. It bounces all over the place from Barb to the boathouse to bookkeeping jobs from six months ago. And Donna keeps popping up here and there too, as if to say, hey, just because I didn’t kill anyone and I’m not as deep and disturbed as Barb doesn’t mean I don’t have something to offer. 
But mostly it’s the all-Barb channel. I have to do something. I am determined to be courageous. But what’s more courageous—telling or not telling? Lying or not lying? And what about my promise to Barb? Does that disappear because she’s committed a crime? A murder.
The wind blows the night away and at dawn the skies are as crisp as a snap bean. The skylight still seems dirty, so I take the ladder outside, climb on the roof, and spray the outside panes with a hose. There’s never been so much light pouring into my studio. 
After a shower at the Y, I head uphill to the law library on the UC-Berkeley campus. 
I huddle in a carrel and read up on self-defense and Battered Woman’s Syndrome. There were a bunch of cases where women who had killed husbands or boyfriends after being abused for many years were acquitted. One woman even murdered her husband in his sleep and got off. Self-defense doesn’t have to mean you’re in danger the exact moment you kill. 
Soon I’m dozing, my forehead pressed to the book, my chin on my wrist. I get more sleep in the library carrel than in my bed at home. 
I call Barb Monday night, but she doesn’t pick up. 
I vote Tuesday morning in a storefront Baptist church. I don’t get to vote for city council. The woman representing my district, a Re-Be supporter, has two years left in her term. 
Tuesday night, Donna drives over from the city to join me for the PJs’ election-night party. Again, she invites herself. I like that, sort of. I’m still hoping Barb will call. Donna says she’ll be here at eight-thirty, but she doesn’t arrive until after nine. The sky is dark, but it seems like the heavy gray clouds still hold a hint of sunlight. From my desk I see her drive up in her black Toyota Corolla and park in front of the warehouse. I stand so I can see her better through my tiny window. She rummages through her purse, looks in a small mirror, and applies lipstick. I can’t see more than a sliver of her face, but then she reaches for the rear-view mirror, turning it towards her and her face towards me. She presses her lips together, then smiles and musses up her thick hair with her hands and shakes her head. She climbs out of the car. She looks casual but chic in black jeans and a black sweater. 
“You look lovely.” I say when I answer the door. She smiles, hesitates, then steps forward and gives me a quick kiss on the lips. 
“Sorry I’m so late. I would like to blame it on traffic, but the fact is I didn’t leave on time.”
She kisses me again, this time for a few seconds. She puts her hand on my neck and pulls me close. “We’d better go,” I say, breaking free. “There should be some results coming in pretty soon.” Well, that was damn romantic. I grab my shoulder bag with my camera and notebook in it. 
As we approach her car, I lift her hair and kiss her the back of the neck. “Did I tell you how beautiful you look?” There, a partial recovery.
The election party is only five minutes away, in a former shoe store on Sacramento Street that served as campaign headquarters. The glass double doors are open when we arrive, and a jangly Nigerian pop song, heavy on high-pitched electric guitar, crackles into the street, sounding strangely like California surf music from the 1960s. Inside, display cases that once showcased running shoes are stacked with campaign literature and staple guns. 
The front room is crowded with about sixty or seventy people, most huddled around the table with the beer and hors d’oeuvres. Dominating the room on the long side wall is a mammoth TV sitting on a four by eight sheet of plywood between two wooden stepladders. A man with a bushy beard and a baseball cap is taping wires to the floor of a makeshift stage. A skinny young man in a pink bodysuit and flowing cape weaves through the crowd on a unicycle, giving high fives and a toothy grin to anyone who will indulge him. 
“You do live in a different world than I do,” says Donna.  
“That’s Pink Man,” I say. “I didn’t know I had a world.”
We peek into the back room, which has floor-to-ceiling shelves on both walls. On a low shelf, next to a label that says “11 Men’s,” there’s a stack of Sarah Gluckman signs and a box of staples the size of a cereal box. 
“I never knew you could buy staples by the ton,” I say. 
I try to steer Donna back into the main room, but she pulls me into a corner, then, with a giggle, pushes me against the wall and falls into me. She nuzzles me with her nose. “You’re pretty cute even without the red suit, you know that?”
I kiss her on the nose first, then the lips. I can feel myself getting aroused, but I don’t trust my body. It has its own agenda, just like on Halloween night. I wrap her in a hug and pull tight. 
“I really had fun with you the other night,” I whisper to the top of her head, which smells of vanilla. “But I’m feeling a little shy without the suit.” 
She lets go of me, steps back, and gives me a kittenish closed-mouth smile. She tilts her head and wrinkles her forehead. “So what’s the deal with this Barb chick? You’ve got a thing for her?” She doesn’t seem jealous or angry, just curious.
“What gave you that idea?”
“Just watching you watching her. The other night. I’m right, aren’t I?”
“No, I like her, but she’s not interested in me. We go way back.” 
“She seemed interested. I saw her friend leave without her. Did she stay?” She pokes me in the chest and looks at me with mischief in her eyes. 
“Oh, so she did stay, huh? I wonder how she got home. The buses run that late? You bring her home on your bicycle handlebars?”
I kiss her, quickly and lightly. She tilts her head back languidly and gives me a lascivious grin, then she licks her lips and leans into me, her lips an inch from mine.
 “You’re cute when you’re nervous too,” she whispers, then brushes her lips against mine before backing away. We go back to the front room to get some food. 
I grab two beers from the cooler, and then wolf down a bite-sized taco from a black plastic plate. Wow, that’s good. In front of the plate is a business card from “Planet Café” with the words “duck and avocado tacos donated by” printed in pencil above the restaurant’s name. 
I hand Donna the beers, take another taco, and eat it slowly, in several bites, savoring it, trying to block out everything but the delicious greasy, crispy, salty taste. Then I wrap two more tacos in a napkin, and we head over to Kisa and some of the Re-Be folks. I’m relieved to be in a crowd. I’m guzzling the beer and feel a wave of fatigue pass through me like a gust of winter wind. 
The first city council returns come in a little after ten. A man with a ponytail announces from the stage that with fourteen percent of the votes cast, Sheila Womack leads Sarah Gluckman by sixty-three votes. That announcement sobers everyone up fast, but it’s early. We don’t know what precincts have been counted. It doesn’t mean anything, that’s what everybody keeps saying.
Because I’ve been so preoccupied and self-absorbed in my own soap opera, I’m only grasping now how high the level of interest in the election is and how the murder and street party and news about Consolidated Scavenger’s deception and corruption have intensified that. 
Yesterday, Womack fired Gill Sykes and announced that, although she didn’t condone the violence of the Halloween protest, she underestimated the degree of public support for Re-Be and would work to reopen the yard immediately. But there’s a palpable sense, certainly in this room, that it’s too late.
I’m half listening to some architect talking about downtown development and height limits and “knee-jerk opposition to anything different, even in Berkeley” when I see Barb across the room. I feel my neck stiffen, my shoulders hunch. My first impulse is to race over and talk to her, but I resist. I was hoping she would show—after all, she’s a political junkie very much hooked into the PJs—but I didn’t expect her. The architect keeps talking but it sounds like a foreign language. 
I shift position so I can see Barb without turning my head. She’s talking to a petite woman with thick gray hair. 
We hear the next election update on TV. Womack is now ahead by 112 votes. Close to half the precincts have been counted. The room falls quiet. I tell Donna I’m going to get more food, but I mumble and I’m sure she doesn’t understand me. I go to the bathroom and look in the mirror. My hair is unruly, but I don’t look as unstrung as I feel.  
I take a deep breath, inhaling the lemon and ammonia smell from the mop bucket. What do I say? Hello? Don’t script it. Just walk over and be friendly. Something will come out of my mouth. 
I walk out of the bathroom away from Barb. My plan is to make a U-turn towards her, so she’ll see me as I approach, but ahead of me is Eileen, so I stop and turn around as if I forgot something in the bathroom. I’m grateful to Eileen for rescuing me the other night, but tonight is complicated enough without adding her to the mix. 
Barb makes it easy. Before I approach her, she excuses herself and walks up to me. She wears her hair tied back, which makes her look more severe, but as usual a couple strands of silver and black have escaped and she sweeps them to the side with her hand. As she does, her silver earrings flash. Her face looks puffy, her eyes tired. 
“Hi,” I say. 
She touches me on the wrist and gives me a smile, but it takes a lot of work. “You’re here with the girl.”
“Yeah.”
“So what do you think? It’s after ten—we should be hearing final results in the next hour or so. You think our brave barrister is going to prevail?” 
“You care who wins, don’t you?”
“Brian, my heart is still with Re-Be. You must know that.”
“I don’t know what I know anymore.”
No one watching us would suspect we slept together three nights ago. Is this what it’s like to have an affair? We don’t touch. We stand a foot apart, hands at our sides, but the room is so loud, we have to turn our heads and shout into each other’s ears to be heard. 
“So have you done any more thinking about what you’re going to do?” I ask. 
Barb lifts her palms to her ears and scrunches her face to indicate how hard it is to hear, and then points to the back room. She leads the way. 
I expect to feel angry, but I’m calm. I’m ready to lay down my conditions, but I don’t want to play the heavy. I want to give her the chance to do the right thing. 
I follow her past the wall Donna pinned me to half an hour ago, then around a corner and through a plywood door to a metal staircase with three steps. The glass on the exit sign is cracked. She props the door open with a brick from the parking lot and sits down on the second step. I sit next to her. 
“You know this place.” I say.
“Yeah, the PJs used it a couple of years ago for their headquarters. Remember, Doug and I were unrepentant PJ ‘operatives’ for many years. That wasn’t a crime until Sheila Womack made it one.”
It’s cool on the back stoop, refreshing after the sauna inside. The door rattles with the bass from an Elvis Costello song.
I sit with my back leaning against a metal pole—uncomfortable, but I want to face Barb. She looks out into the empty parking lot. I wonder why no one’s parked back here. At the bottom of the steps, and here and there among the parched weeds that have long since gone to seed, fresh young dandelion shoots stretch out to the sky.
I take a sip of beer from my plastic cup. Barb bites her thumb.
“Brian, I know you feel like I’m being distant, and I don’t blame you for that, but this is not about you. At all. I mean, it is to the extent that you’re sweet and kind and I needed and wanted some closeness the other night, and so maybe I took advantage of you. But my retreat is not about you. I’m not open to anyone now.”
“Isn’t that hard? To shut yourself off from people who care about you?”
“Sure it’s hard. But I can do hard. I warned you not to get involved with me.” 
Barb looks at me for a few seconds before directing her gaze back to the parking lot. I wrap myself with my arms. I’m feeling cold in my short sleeves. 
“But who was it who stayed in my studio Halloween night after everyone else had left and sat on my futon fondling a whiskey bottle practically begging me to fuck her?”
“Oh, so I’m the evil seductress now? And you’re just an innocent bystander.”
“I’m not saying that.” 
“So I wanted to fuck. Is there a law against that? I thought you boys were always looking for a little ‘catch and release’ fuck.”
“You know I wasn’t. That’s why you warned me.”
“Bingo. Give the man a stuffed animal.” 
“You know, you are disturbingly good at this parrying and thrusting,” I say. 
“I’m not sure that’s a compliment.”
This isn’t the conversation I want to be having. 
“I went to the law library today,” I say, shifting gears crudely, as if urging an old truck uphill. “California has this law declaring Battered Woman’s Syndrome scientifically valid so the prosecution can’t challenge its admissibility. There was one case in—“
“Brian, don’t you think I know about Battered Woman’s Syndrome?”
“I’m sure you do. I’m just saying it’s probably your best option. There’s this case, People v. Walker in 1991—“
“And then there’s People v. Robins, where the defendant gets forty years, and don’t forget good old Dolores Sedeño, where after ten years of documented physical abuse, she still got a sentence of twenty years. I’ve done my homework.”
“Okay, okay, I get it, but it’s still your best option, to turn yourself in.”
“I can’t go to prison.”
“If I figured it out, so can they.”
“You didn’t figure it out. I told you.”
“No, I knew.”
She glares at me. “My best choice is to stay away from the so-called justice system.”
I lean back against the pole. “I don’t think you understand. Justice is required here. You committed a murder. You have to pay the consequences.”
She turns to me with a stricken look on her face. “I’ve been paying all my life, just waiting, hoping that someday I would get the good life I deserved. I watched my baby brother bleed to death before the ambulance showed up. My dad walked out on me when I was in middle school. I let myself to be trapped for ten years with a psycho because I was afraid he would hurt me if I left. And then he did hurt me. He was so twisted that he taunted me to kill him just so he could destroy my life. Don’t you be telling me about not paying consequences.”
She pants, looking down at her feet. 
“My life is ruined. I’ve fucked up any chance I might have had of ever being happy. Do you think I can lead a normal life now? You think I can fall in love? Bear a child?” She shrinks into her shoulders. Her usual sure-footedness has disappeared. “You don’t know me if you think that.”
She rubs her eyes, then looks up at me. 
I won’t let myself get hooked, but this can’t be an act. This is the deep, troubled Barb that I’ve long lusted after, though the trouble was a lot more desirable when viewed through the blur of translucent glass. She looks like she’s about to cry. I swallow.
“Well, Doug was abusive. You were afraid. That’s why you can claim self-defense.”
“Brian, I would if I could. I don’t believe I can win.” She whispers. Her mouth twists as if she’s in physical pain. “You looked for a couple of hours at some books in the law library. Brian, I’ve been reading about this for the last ten days. What do think I do when I can’t sleep? People v. Jennings, 1987. They tried Battered Woman’s Syndrome and the prosecutor claimed her life was never in danger, and she got eighteen years. Do you know how old I’ll be eighteen years from now? Do you have any idea what prison is like?”
I lick my lips. I can still taste the saltiness of the duck taco. I lift my cup to my lips, but the beer is gone.
“I thought we had a special connection on Saturday,” she says. “You told me I could trust you and I did. I let down those incredibly thick walls I’ve been hiding behind. It felt liberating to tell you who I was. I cannot understand how you can be making me go to jail.” 
She looks so sad and vulnerable. I want to take her in my arms and make it all better. I inch towards her on the step. She hugs herself, shivers. Maybe we can still soar together, I think. But it’s too late. I snap to, jump to my feet. 
“You know, I have to say I like this act better than the cold and indifferent bitch act.” The words coming out of my mouth surprise me more than they do Barb. It’s as if I’ve pressed the start button and a different tape than I expected is playing. “This one sucks me in. The vulnerable victim. This act usually works for me. Not tonight though.”
“Brian, this is no act. You know that.”
“Do I?”
“This is who I am. I’m not pretending to be someone I’m not. The cold and indifferent bitch. That’s me. The one who feels sorry for herself because she fucked up her life. That’s me too. You only want to see the part of me that wins awards and holds Re-Be together. That’s me too, but it’s only part of me. The only part of me you want to see.”
“Not true. I’ve always been attracted by your dark side, the bad girl in you. But you’re darker and badder than I realized, that’s all. The bitch is bigger than the saint.” 
She chuckles under her breath and then leans back and gives me that same open-mouthed, come-hither look as she did on Halloween, sans empty shot glass. 
“I’m liking this take-no-prisoners Brian. Maybe you have more bad boy in you than I realized. It’s sexy. Is that who you really are under that mild-mannered Clark Kent costume?”
I don’t bite. “The van,” I ask. “What about the van?”
She says nothing. 
“Doug’s van. You never told me how you got it to West Oakland.”
“Why do you care about that all of a sudden?” 
“I want to know.”
She stares at me. I stare back.
“His bike. He kept it in the back of the van. I rode it back to Re-Be, then returned in my car. I kept my gloves on the whole time. Satisfied?” She buries her face in her hands. 
I walk back and forth on the asphalt and suck in the cool night air.  
“Let me just think this one out loud for a second. How about this? You stop working for Con, resign publicly with some harsh words for Con’s predatory practices, then go back to Re-Be.” I stop, rethink what I just said. “Okay, Re-Be is really struggling—let’s assume it survives, even if Womack wins. Maybe you can, I don’t know, imply that Con was responsible for Doug’s murder. No, scratch that. But you can help Kisa succeed as director, use your considerable skills to make Re-Be thrive. Doug is gone. Kisa is capable, if a little green. She won’t have to contend with Doug. Ginsberg is dedicated and wants to succeed. You’ve had your glory days. You’ve had your taste of corporate culture. You work behind the scenes.”
I nod to myself. Not bad. It’s not jail, more like community service. Definite consequences. Some semblance of justice. Barb plays with her hands, squeezing one hand with the other, then reversing hands. She shoots me an accusatory look. “So what are you saying?” She draws out the words into snarls. “You’re going to snitch on me if I don’t pick one of your multiple choice answers?”
“I’m just trying to be flexible here.”
She gets up and charges towards me. She’s literally in my face.
“Brian, this is blackmail. Who appointed you sentencing judge? If I don’t do what you say, you’re going to turn me in? Is that what you’re saying?”
I back away. “No, it is not blackmail. You’re twisting what I’m saying. I don’t have to give you this other option at all. But I’m not willing to be an accomplice and let you get off scot-free.”
“You really know how to make a girl melt.”
“That sounds like a no.”
She starts pacing. “Do whatever the fuck you please. Go to the police. Sic the justice system on me. Write your story. This is what you want, isn’t it? To be a hero, to get credit, to break the case, to get the byline. Go ahead. Knock yourself out. I thought you were different.”
“This is exasperating. Did you and Doug communicate like this all the time?”
“No,” she barks. “He would never make veiled threats like you do. He went straight for the jugular. He didn’t pretend to be nice and sensitive, giving me ‘options.’” She spits out the last word. 
“This conversation isn’t going anywhere.”
“I don’t want it to go anywhere. Send me to prison. I deserve it. I’m a shit. I’m a failure. I fucked up my life. Do whatever you damn well please. I’m never going to be happy again.” She laughs bitterly. “Giving me options. What a crock of shit.”
I feel another tug to give in, like an undertow grabbing at my legs, but I squeeze my jaw, puff up my chest, and plant my feet firmly on the asphalt. She’s baiting me just like Doug baited me, just like he baited her. 
I stand tall, resolute, but inside I feel like an eight-year-old boy with a squeaky voice trying to imitate Humphrey Bogart. “I get it you don’t like the multiple choice answers,” I say in a measured, quiet voice, “but you do understand them?”
“You want me to go back to Re-Be and be an unappreciated flunky. Hah! Why do you think I left?”
“Exactly. This is a penalty, not a prize. It’s not supposed to be something you want.”
She turns away, twisting her hair in her fingers and pulling, enough so that it’s uncomfortable to watch. “I need some time. A couple days.” 
“Twenty-four hours,” I say, realizing as the words leave my mouth that she knew I’d agree to one day if she demanded two.
“I know I did something wrong,” she says, sounding sincere. Sounding. “The desire to hit Doug has been inside me for so long and Doug knew how to play me perfectly. But I cannot see any benefit in confessing and going to jail for ten or twenty or thirty years.”
“I’m not sure that’s your choice.”
“Oh, and it’s yours? Brian, you’ve got to believe me, I would undo this in a second if I could. I’m wracked with guilt. I can’t sleep. I can’t eat. I can’t work. I can’t talk to my friends. It was a huge, huge mistake to cover it up. If I would have gone to the police right away and pled self-defense, things might have turned out different. I thought his body would never be found. But I can’t undo that. Maybe I sound cold, but I’m not. I’m realistic. I’ve always been realistic.”
“Twenty-four hours,” I say, and then I go back inside to find another duck taco. 
They’re gone, but I grab the second-to-last beer from the cooler. I spot Donna pretty quickly, talking to a tall young man with a beard. She’s grinning and talking with her hands and he’s nodding vigorously, arching his neck to look her in the eyes. I decide not to interrupt, and I walk over to the TV, where California’s newly elected governor, Gray Davis, is awkwardly pumping his fist in the air with an authenticity that would make a car salesman wince.
Donna taps me on the shoulder.
“Hi,” she says with a smile. “You were gone a long time. What were you doing, finishing up what you got started on Saturday?”
“We talked. That’s all.”
“About what?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“Of course I do.”
“Okay, I don’t want to tell you. How’s that?”
I like Donna’s teasing, but right now it feels like being tickled for too long. 
“What’s the big secret?”
I shake my head. 
She pokes me. “Hey, I was kidding. Boy, you can get serious fast. I really don’t care. Seriously.”
We’re interrupted by an announcement from the stage. Sarah Gluckman, who didn’t figure on winning on her first foray into electoral politics, has won by fifty-four votes and is going to be the new councilwoman from Southeast Berkeley. That gives the PJs, and Re-Be, the majority on the council. The announcer introduces Gluckman, and everyone whoops and claps. Almost on cue, in through the front door, come two men carrying cases of beer. 
I get a lot of credit for the win from Kisa, from other Re-Be folks, even from some strangers who seem to know who I am. Eileen gives me a hug and says, “you should feel proud.” Gluckman mentions my stories in her victory speech. 
Donna wraps her arm around my shoulder. “She practically said your stories made the difference.” 
“Hey, she thanked her neighbor’s lucky pet rabbit too, so I wasn’t exactly singled out.” 
“That was a joke, Brian. What is with you tonight?”
“Yeah, I knew that.”
I don’t see Barb leave, but as the crowd dwindles, I can’t find her. 
Donna drives me back to my studio and we kiss and fondle and grope for a few minutes in her car. A voice in my head says invite her in, you know she’s interested. But I don’t.


Chapter 29: Love Triangle
“Anyone who doubted the extent of public support for Re-Be doesn’t doubt it now,” says Kisa Bettis, spokesperson for Re-be. “It seems like half of Berkeley came out in support on Halloween.” 
—Brian Hunter, “Development Plans Galvanize Support for Re-Be,” 
East Bay Beat, November 4, 1998

[November 4. Wednesday. 9:45 a.m.]

I replay the tape from election night upside down and inside out and from thirty thousand feet as the sleepless minutes dribble tediously towards dawn. I handled myself pretty well. I think. Barb kept dangling the hook. I didn’t bite. I’m impressed with my audacity, and the poetic justice of my ad hoc proposal, but not so comfortable with the power I’m wielding. Who hired me to be judge and executioner? And what if Barb calls my bluff and I have to go to the police and squeal?
Maybe a better question is why I hold onto this innocent notion that fairness is passed out like gift bags at a kid’s birthday party? We all get the same two plastic toys and five pieces of candy. I know better.
I fall asleep after the sun comes up, then the phone wakes me. 
“Are you going to be able to make it?” It’s Barb.
“I just walked in the door.” I don’t know what she’s talking about. 
“I sent you an e-mail. I’m doing a press conference today. At three. It’s not much notice.”
“Well, if I had something planned, I’d cancel it,” I try to be light, but don’t hit the right note. “I wouldn’t worry about notice. You’ll have a crowd. Where?”
“Richmond,” she says. “It’s all in the e-mail. Three o’clock.”
“Can you give me a sneak preview?”
I can hear her swallow. 
“Brian, I can’t talk. I’ve got to go.”
“Got it.”
But she doesn’t hang up.
“Brian, I’m sorry. For everything. It could have been different.”
I read the e-mails. There are two notes, the first announcing a “press conference to be held by Barbara Genessee and Joanna Rogers, counsel, to address concerns about the death of Doug Spaulding.” 
The second e-mail is the same announcement, addressed only to me, with a short note from Barb preceding it. “Brian, I hope you can make it. Thanks. I’ve been thinking a lot about our conversation last night.”
I grab a shower on my way to Richmond. The ride takes about half an hour. The sun keeps peeking out from behind the clouds, then retreating. The air has a bite to it, as if winter is stretching its stiff arms in preparation for moving in. 
I have no idea what to expect. I try to put myself in Barb’s shoes and imagine her situation, but I can’t seem to isolate that from my own moral template. Would she call a press conference to turn herself in? Announce her resignation from Con?
I’m anxious, but I’m also feeling pleased that the community service “option” holds up pretty well in the light of day as an alternative to prison. 
Outside the lawyer’s office, in a five-story brick building a block from the county courthouse, two hand-scribbled signs with arrows point the way to “Genessee Press Conference, third floor.” I follow a camera crew from Channel 7 through the front door. I start looking for the stairs, but I break down and share the elevator with a scruffy cameraman who’s twice my size and a diminutive young woman with perfectly coiffed hair.
“Any idea of what’s going to happen?” I ask them.
“I heard the police were on the verge of arresting her, so I don’t know,” the woman says. 
I introduce myself, tell her I’ve been writing about recycling in the East Bay and how that’s turned into a murder story.
“Might be nothing. Lotta news conferences short on news,” the cameraman says. 
As I sign in at an imposing mahogany reception desk just inside the entryway, I say hello to Daria Reeves from the Chronicle. She asks me the same question I asked the TV reporter. I shrug my shoulders. 
“There’s no press packet,” she says, as we walk into a long and narrow conference room with a floor-to-ceiling window next to the doorway. “But then they threw this together at the last minute.” 
I don’t see Barb, but it’s not yet three, and more TV crews and reporters are still crowding in. An oval conference table has been pushed to one side, so everyone’s bunched on the right side of the room. The long walls are lined with law books in glass-fronted cabinets, and on the back wall, three double-hung windows open to a sunny atrium. About twenty reporters and camera operators cram into the space. Four TV cameras hug the wall with the big window. I try to pick out the police I know must be here, but I’m too restless to focus. A couple of reporters sit on the table, their legs dangling. When Barb and her lawyer walk in the room few minutes after three, they have to squeeze past people leaning against the wall. 
Barb looks like she’s had a reverse makeover. She wears a shapeless and oversized blue suit that makes her look gaunt, and black-rimmed reading glasses. No jewelry. No makeup. Her hair is pulled back severely with a barrette and held in place with bobby pins. No loose hairs. She reminds me of a nun without the habit. She’s never been a glamour queen, but she usually carries herself with a sexy confidence and wears something interesting, like a turquoise bracelet or earrings. Not today. Her nails are short and uneven, as if she’s bitten them down as part of the makeover. 
In contrast, her lawyer Joanna Rogers, a few years older than Barb and a few inches shorter, looks sharp and svelte and almost as glamorous as the TV talent. Barb puts some papers down on the podium in the furthest corner from the door, then pours herself a glass of water from a thin gold pitcher that looks like a vase with a handle. Barb steps aside and her lawyer stands silently in front of the microphones—there are seven of them, four of them big and fuzzy. Once the room hushes, she introduces Barb. 
I hear the scratch of pens on paper.  
“As you know, two weeks ago, Doug Spaulding was murdered and I have been identified by the police as a suspect.” Barb speaks slowly, precisely, articulating every syllable, snapping the “t” at the end of “suspect.”
“Doug and I were partners for ten years, and our breakup was nasty and public, so I understand the suspicion was warranted. I want to start by saying that I am not guilty of that murder.”
I’m sitting about thirty feet from Barb, but off to the right side, so I’m not in her line of sight. She can see me, but she hasn’t acknowledged me. She holds her head high and eyes wide open, looking directly at the cameras. She licks her lips. I thought I hadn’t had any expectations, but clearly I do, because I’m surprised by her beginning.
The room smells of furniture polish and sweat, though the windows to the left of the lectern are open a crack and I can feel a draft on my neck. 
“The reason I am holding this press conference is that there are some facts that need to be shared.”
She speaks in a monotone and looks like a zombie. “This is difficult for me, but I need to do this for my own protection.”
I can hear the man behind me wheezing through his nose. 
“Some of you may know that one of the people who has been following the murder story and the related story of the recycling wars in Berkeley is Mr. Brian Hunter, a reporter for the East Bay Beat.”
Uh-oh. I freeze. Keep breathing. I write furiously. Every word Barb says, even “the” and “of.” I’m sure everyone’s looking at me, but no, they don’t know who I am. Most of them.
“Recently Mr. Hunter has been pursuing me romantically. He told me he fell in love with me ten years ago, the first time we met, when I was partners with Doug. To make a long story short, this has been a hard time for me and a few days ago, after the big Re-Be demonstration on Halloween, I was at Brian’s studio with some friends, and I’d had a few drinks and when Brian asked me to stay and he came on to me, I let him.” 
I force myself to take deep breaths. 
“I was lonely. Doug and I had been broken up for months, and even though it had been me who initiated the breakup, I missed him and I couldn’t really grasp that he was dead. So I slept with Mr. Hunter because I was lonely and stressed out by the events of the past few weeks and he had been pursuing me for years and I thought he would be sweet with me and, at first he was.”
I squeeze my eyes shut and press my feet on the floor as hard as I can. I want to interrupt, but bite my lower lip. 
“But when the sun came up in the morning,” Barb says, “I realized that this was not what I wanted. I said I didn’t want to keep seeing him, but he wouldn’t let go and he got angry and vengeful. He threatened he would go to the police with this phony story that I killed Doug unless, unless I did what he wanted.”
“That’s not how it was.” I jump up, squeezing my pen in my fist. The cameras turn towards me. I feel like exploding, but I keep my cool. “She told me she killed Doug, how she killed Doug.” I speak slowly, emphasizing every word. “And I urged her to turn herself in to the police. I did not threaten her.”
“Did she reject you, like she said?” a reporter a few feet from me asks. 
“She didn’t reject me. She distanced herself. The threat she described? It never happened.”
I feel strangely calm, considering there are dozens of eyes and four TV cameras focused on me. 
Another reporter shouts a follow-up question, but Barb’s lawyer steps to the microphone and clears her throat. “There will be time for questions later. We would like to complete our statement without interruption.” 
The cameras return to the front, though Daria Reeves keeps looking at me, asking questions with her eyes. I keep my outrage to myself. I can’t let my emotions get the better of me. I can’t lose my temper. “What the fuck is she up to? How could she?” I write in my notebook. Then: “Breathe. Don’t forget to breathe.” 
Barb stands motionless as her lawyer puts on reading glasses. “There are several additional facts Ms. Genessee did not mention, but I have an obligation to add. We do not mean to presume to tell the police how to do their job, but there are several facts about Mr. Hunter that shed additional light on this situation.”
I keep writing down Rogers’ words. That keeps me from exploding.  
“First, we have evidence of a love triangle; that is, Mr. Hunter was a rival of Mr. Spaulding’s for Ms. Genessee’s affections.” She looks out over her reading glasses. “Let me use first names—it’s easier to follow.” Then comes a small, tight smile that scares the shit out of me.
“Brian and Doug were rivals, and Doug...was angry when he heard that Brian...—“ she pauses after each name—“was romantically interested in Barb. On two separate occasions, Brian...told Barb...that Doug...tried to kill him by pushing him into the baler in the Recycle Berkeley yard. This is the same baler that crushed Doug Spaulding’s body nine days later.”
My whole torso tenses up, as if I’m about to get a shot in the stomach with a long fat needle. I don’t feel calm now, but I have to act calm. I have to be smart. Not let her hook me. 
“When questioned by the police, Brian denied any romantic interest in Barb.” 
How does she know that? I didn’t tell Barb anything about my visit with the police. 
“Brian Hunter has been obsessed with my client for years,” she continues. “He was relentless in his pursuit of her. Despite her efforts to discourage him, he stalked her. Several weeks ago, he waited for her on the street outside her office. This is only one of many documented examples of his obsession. So we have a classic romantic triangle and one of the three has been murdered. So far almost all of the suspicion has been focused on my client and not on Mr. Hunter.  
“I wasn’t stalking her. I was there to—” Rogers raises her voice and drowns me out. 
“Fact number two: Mr. Hunter has a history of violent assault. We have here, and I’ll be passing these out in a moment, copies of a 1992 police report which describes how Mr. Hunter assaulted a Mr. Joaquin Zepeda in a rehearsal studio in West Oakland.” She holds up a stack of papers in her hand, but makes no move to pass them out. 
I don’t say anything. I can’t deny this, though she makes it sound more sinister than it was. I gird myself for more. It’s so quiet I hear the cameras whir. For a second, I’m able to detach myself from the hot seat and feel the suspense in the room. Everyone’s is holding their breath, not just me. 
“Fact number three, and Barb did not want me to say this, but I have an obligation to my client to do so. Fact number three: When Barb made it clear that she didn’t want to continue to see Mr. Hunter, he refused to listen. Mr. Hunter demanded to have sex with her again and when she didn’t want to, he got rough with her. Legally, this is not rape because they had already had consensual sex, but the fact is that she did not want to have sex again and told him so and he forced himself on her.” 
“I did not force myself on her,” I blurt, standing again. All eyes are on me. “Barb,” I say, and then it feels like time stops and I can’t get my words from my brain to my mouth. I glare at Barb in disbelief. “How could you?” I say plaintively. Then I lower my voice. “This is so low, lower than—”
Rogers interrupts, her voice booming through the room. “I’m passing out copies of the police report about Mr. Hunter’s assault in—”
“It was not an assault,” I yell over her amplified voice. “It was a fight with a bandmate. A long time ago. No charges were filed. This is outrageous.” 
Barb steps in front of Rogers. “Let me clarify, please,” she says and the cameras and heads swing back to her. “The first time Brian and I had sex, it was consensual. This is very painful for me to say.” She speaks with more emotion than before, her voice trembling, her face scrunched like she’s in physical pain. “Like I said I was lonely and stressed out by being a suspect and I thought he would be sweet with me and he was. At first. But in the morning, he wanted to have sex again, and when I said no, he didn’t listen. I apologized to him and said it had been my mistake to sleep with him, that I let my loneliness get the better of me. He was so angry I was scared. He climbed on top of me and was rough with me. I said no. I felt like I had been violated. Mr. Hunter’s desire for vengeance is so extreme that he threatened to frame me for Doug’s murder. I have to protect myself. I said no when he wanted to have sex. I told him no. Clear as daylight.”
I feel like I’ve been kicked in the balls and knifed in the back at the same time. I can’t see straight. Reporters shout questions at me just like in the movies, but all I can hear is harsh noise, like the helicopters on Halloween night. I stand in front of the chair with my notebook in one hand and my pen in the other while the cameras hiss. I feel like my vocal cords have been tied in a knot. A microphone on a long silver pole pokes me in the ear. I don’t remember her saying no. Could I have not heard it? Could I have ignored it? Maybe she said “not now,” but she didn’t say “no.” I’m sure of that. She didn’t try to stop me. Her body was saying yes. She didn’t say anything afterwards. She seemed less traumatized by our night together than I was. A bead of sweat trickles down the front of my neck, then hits my collarbone and turns and slows down until it stops. I have to say something. Barb and her lawyer have stepped back from the lectern and stand looking down, their chins to their chests, letting all the attention go to me.
Finally I choke out a few words. “They’re making it all up.”
“So you’re saying you didn’t have sex with her against her wishes?” one of the reporters yells above the other cacophonous questions.
“I’m flabbergasted,” I say. “I’m shocked by the sheer audacity of these lies.” My voice trembles at first, but as I talk, I gain some confidence and rhythm. “I have to protect myself and not say any more. I’ve been taken totally by surprise by these ridiculous lies, and for my own protection, I have to get myself a lawyer.” 
Then one reporter directs his question to Barb and her lawyer. “Are you saying that Brian Hunter should be considered a suspect in the murder of Doug Spaulding?” 
Rogers takes this one. “Determining suspects is the domain of the police. We are here today to pre-empt a threat by Mr. Hunter to smear Ms. Genessee. And to share some facts that call his credibility into question. Thank you.”
And they head for the exit.
“These are not facts,” I shout. Some reporters throw questions at me, others follow Barb and Rogers as they nudged their way through the throng.
I jump up on my chair. 
“Barb, listen to me. Recant your story. Blame it on your lawyer. Say she urged you to do it against your will.” 
Barb stops momentarily and looks up and we make eye contact for the first time that afternoon. I catch in her eyes that same terrified look I saw the morning after Halloween, while I was making love to her. I remember how soothing and loving I was—the polar opposite of rough—but Barb wasn’t really there. 
Rogers shoulders Barb forward. 
“Please someone, don’t let them leave.” I see Daria Reeves a few feet in front of Barb. “Daria, block their way. Please.”
She steps in their path.
“Look at me, Barb.” All I can see of her head is her silver streaked hair and a rust-red barrette. Rogers pushes Barb again, but there are now several people blocking their path. 
“It’s one thing for you to kill Doug,” I say, my voice sounding more assured and confident than I feel. I have no Santa Claus suit to hide behind, but being accused of things I didn’t do sure helps overcome any faint-heartedness. “That wasn’t premeditated.” I’m rushing. I slow down. One of the cameramen is kneeling in front of me, the camera on his shoulder. The bright lights are blinding.
“He tortured you emotionally for years. He wouldn’t let go when you broke up with him. He taunted you that night in the Re-Be yard. You thought he was going to hurt you. You snapped. You were scared and you tried to cover it up. You were defending yourself. You had no intention of killing him. You might find some sympathetic jurors. You could get off with a light sentence. You’d still be young enough to make a new life.”
I study Barb’s back, looking for a sign that she’s listening. But how can she not be listening? 
“The rape charge is bullshit and you know it. You know you didn’t say no. You know I would have respected that. You know that.” 
Barb leans her head forward and elbows her way through the blockers and out the door.
“I was going to help you, Barb.” But she’s gone. I turn back into the room. Everyone’s looking at me. 
“I was going to help her. I was. Really.”


Epilogue: Chowchilla

After we made love, she told me how she killed Doug.
—Brian Hunter, “When Love Meets Murder,” 
San Francisco Chronicle, December 9, 1998

[Eight months later: July 18, 1999. Monday. 5 a.m.]

The drive to Chowchilla, down in the Central Valley north of Fresno, takes eight hours round-trip. I ask for a rental car with a CD player and bring enough music to last me to Mexico. I leave before dawn and blast through to Stockton before the caffeine wears off. 
I turn the music off once I’m cruising down I-5. I have a lot to think about.
I haven’t seen Barb—except on TV—since that fateful day in the Richmond law office. I’ve come a long way since then.
I had a short, choppy fling with Donna that was over almost as soon as it started. I never had to tell her about sleeping with Barb. She heard it on the news like everyone else. That didn’t help. 
But she gave me a chance anyway because I was “refreshing.” 
Maybe because I met her under false pretenses as a phony insurance bureaucrat, and then as an almost-real reporter, she never saw the Brian that I thought I was. She saw who I was becoming, who I wanted to be. She liked who she saw. So did I.
But she said I never let her in. I couldn’t deny that. I had this exciting, wild, rich inner life that I was dying to share, but I kept it to myself. 
“You’re still hung up on Barb,” she said. 
“Who?” I replied. 
One morning, maybe a month after we started sleeping together, our politeness peeled back and our real selves peeked through. “I don’t know why you’re going from freelance bookkeeping to freelance writing,” she said as she poured us coffee from her elegant coffeemaker. “Seems like a backwards move. What about an accounting job in some big firm? You’ve got the smarts for that.”
And I said, “If I do have the smarts, I’ll keep clear of that path.”
“You’re cute when you’re testy,” she said, and that was that. But she meant what she said, and soon enough she would figure out I wasn’t about to turn my smarts in that direction, and I’d get testy enough so I wouldn’t be cute anymore.
I made a point to call up some of the people I’d talked to in the course of my reporting and offer to buy them a beer or a cup of coffee. Turn some sources into friends. I used to think there was something mysterious about friendship, that there needed to be some spark, some sense of kindred spirit. Maybe so, but sometimes it’s as simple as making a phone call. 
One of my new friends is David Ginsberg from the Re-Be board. He’s only eight years older than me, but successful enough that I feel like a greenhorn next to him. But that’s my problem, not his. We think a lot alike about important things. For him, it’s important to maintain his integrity and idealism as his career veers further and further into the world of big money. I joke with him about how I haven’t had to face that dilemma. 
My anger at Barb is still there, but it’s a shadow of its former self. The questions that have been haunting me since last fall aren’t going away. Like why didn’t she take the deal I offered? Why did she take such a huge desperation gamble and attack me in public? Why not just quietly go to the police with her story? 
And why did she, of all people, make a false accusation of race. I knew her well enough to know that she cared justice and women’s rights, and hated those few instances when women made false accusations of rape because they made the truthful accusations less likely to be believed. 
What hurts the most is how she underestimated me. It’s not just that she might have been playing me all along, but that she thought my devotion to her was stronger than my instinct for self-preservation. Did she really think I would lie down and take it? Did she think I would be so paralyzed by the accusations I wouldn’t fight back?
Even now, I give her the benefit of the doubt more than she deserves: Doug got the best of her and then she unraveled. That’s my spin. Doug got his revenge—if he couldn’t have her, no one could. If he couldn’t be happy, neither could she. I saw her and Doug more as failed tragic heroes than devious villains. 
I’ve never been inside a prison, never visited a prisoner. I’m as nervous as if I were going on a date. 
Barb is serving ten years in the Valley State Prison for Women in Chowchilla for voluntary manslaughter. I meant to visit before this, but I kept putting it off. I had to rent a car, but how hard is that?
She turned herself in a week after her press conference and my long-winded statement to the police. She and her lawyer talked to the police and district attorney and there were some quasi-promises of knocking down the charge from second-degree murder to voluntary or involuntary manslaughter. You can’t actually make a deal like that in advance, but you can do some unofficial talking and what-ifs and then you take your chances. She was charged with second-degree murder, and there was a buildup to a trial, but it never happened. They made a deal. She hit Doug so many times that clearly she snapped, but then her methodical, and almost-successful attempt to cover up pretty much cancelled that out.
In Chowchilla, after getting thoroughly patted down and searched, I sit down across from Barb on a white plastic picnic table bolted to the floor in the visiting hall. There are ten other tables, four of them with visitors. The room looks stark, like a school classroom with all the posters and artwork removed. And with bars on the windows. 
Barb tells me how she’s started a composting program at the prison, and an organic garden where they grow potatoes, squash, ten kinds of tomatoes, and six kinds of lettuce. She’s convinced the cook to create new dishes using the fresh produce, and the mess hall now has two bins for garbage—one for compostables, the other for meat and other waste that can’t be composted. 
“Actually we’ve got plans to compost the meat too,” she says. “I wrote this grant to get a scarab windrow turner that can get the piles up to 140 degrees, hot enough to compost anything.” 
Re-Be has one scarab—it’s a portable machine tall enough to straddle a row of compost, crawling slowly along the pile, turning and stirring the waste.
Barb is animated, engaged. She wows me the way she did when I first got to know her. Sitting across from me in her prison garb, she looks, well, innocent. 
I express surprise at how quickly she’s been able to make a mark. 
She shrugs. “I’ve got to do something with my time.”
She also says she might be able to get early release after eight years, and I think for a second, could I wait for her?
Maybe I could, but I won’t. 
She doesn’t seem curious about me or ask me any questions. She seems happy enough to talk and have an audience. 
I tell her I’ve landed a staff writer job at the Beat—three hundred dollars a week—I’m on the Re-Be board, and I even found a legal residence. (I bought some candles too, I joke, but she doesn’t get it.) I tell her I went out with Donna for a couple months and we had fun. I want to give her the impression that I have recovered quite nicely, thank you, from my obsession with her and I’m living a full and rich life. 
Which, I’m happy to say, is mostly true.
All the questions I’ve been dying to ask? I don’t ask them.
The prison doesn’t allow physical contact, so I don’t need to worry about whether or not to give Barb a hug when I leave.

THE END

