       Indomitable Thirst
                                                                       Katelin M. Ballinger














Indomitable Thirst is the copyrighted property of Katelin M. Ballinger and it may not be reproduced, copied and, or, distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. 































Prologue

     I pulled into the parking lot and parked my car. I took the keys out of the ignition and I leaned back in my seat, exhaling deeply. Oh the joy I had felt nearly three years ago when I thought I would never have to do my maker’s bidding again. In the year of 2012, my old creator, Dedrick, was killed by a young shape shifter, Selena Reese. With Dedrick dead, thousands of other vampires and I all thought that we would be free from ever having to turn a person into a vampire against our wills again. How wrong we were. 
     In the late eighteen hundreds, I was a human. I was turned by a vampire and was given to Dedrick as a slave; Dedrick never would have gone so far as to use the word ‘slave’ to describe what I was to him though. When a vampire is created, they have to obey their maker’s commands even if they don’t want to. Dedrick commanded my maker to create me and then my maker gave his charge over me to Dedrick. For a century, Dedrick had me turning innocent people into vampires all because of his desire for human death. 
     When young Selena Reese killed Dedrick I thought that all of the other vampires and I that were enslaved to him would be set free, but we weren’t. You see, weeks before Dedrick’s death he had given charge of all of his vampires to a woman named Nichole, who’s just as insane as he was. Dedrick’s desire for human death transferred over to Nichole but she didn’t want the humans dead because she hated them. Nichole craved power and because of her longing for power, we vampires were not set free. In fact, the hope we had of living our lives in peace was gone and, even now, has not returned. Nichole is just as bad as Dedrick had been, the only difference between the two of them is that she’s smarter. Sure, she’s not as cruel as Dedrick had been but she is definitely more dangerous. Maybe she wouldn’t be so dangerous if she didn’t have a small army of hybrids on her side. A hybrid is a mix of a werewolf, shape shifter and a vampire. “Ah, shape shifters.” I thought. “It’s been a long time since I’ve seen them in the game.” Shape shifters are humans that are able to turn into wolfs. They aren’t normal wolfs though, they are like vampires, very fast, very strong, exceptionally smart, and, they love to stop us vampires from turning humans into more vampires. They hadn’t been a problem as of late though due to weapons Nichole had mass produced in an effort to kill them off. It had seemingly worked because I hadn’t been bothered by them lately.
     I was here in this parking lot because it was time to create some vampires for Nichole. Usually, she would call us, email us, text us, or send a letter telling us what she required. Rarely did she have to force us to carry out the task of creating vampires because those who didn’t do it willingly… well, no good came to those people. For the past two years I had been sent letters telling me how many vampires she required me to create (it was always ten), what genders she wanted, what age group she was looking for and where she wanted me to go to get them. The first time I met her, she took a particular liking to me, Lord knows why. She decided that I was a “Keeper,” as she so finely put it. She often talked to me about things not related to my “Job” so I was forced to speak to her more than I wanted to. She had called me two days ago and told me to come to her house so she could talk to me about work. She had never told me to come to her to discuss work before so I was a little hesitant and somewhat frightened that maybe I had done something wrong and she was going to get rid of me. I didn’t recall having done anything wrong but Nichole was a fickle woman.
     I looked through the windshield over at the house; it was big and beautiful. The house, no doubt, cost millions of dollars. “Could I just pretend I never got her message?” I shook off my hesitation. “I talked to her on the phone about coming, of course I can’t pretend! Even if I could, she’d probably command me to come to her and that’s always more trouble.” I pursed my lips and shook my head. I opened the door and slid out of the car. 
     I walked over to the front door, rang the doorbell and waited. “One day this perpetual cycle will end. Nichole will be killed just like Dedrick was and then I’ll never have to be her errand boy again.” That’s what I liked to tell myself even though I knew it was a lie. Despite the fact that I knew it wasn’t true, that was exactly what I was telling myself as I stood before her door. 
     After a moment of waiting, the door opened. As it opened, I was able to detect a number of different aromas. I smelled the bitter scent of vampire blood and the sweet smell of human blood. Along with that I smelled the indescribable scent of a hybrid. The smell was a mix of human, vampire and shape shifter; the three smells did not combine into what one would call a pleasant aroma. The smell of a hybrid was actually one that triggered fear in me and most other vampires. The only person dumb enough to create hybrids whenever she pleased was Nichole and she wasn’t dumb, just insane. 
     I looked into the house and I saw it was a hybrid that had opened the door for me. I was put immediately on my guard. I slowly entered the house and then the hybrid closed the door behind me. I nodded politely at him and he opened his mouth to speak. 
     “Miss Martel is up the right flight of stairs and down the hall. She’s in the last door to the left. You’ll find more stairs and then you’ll enter her room.” I nodded and followed his directions. The house was huge, there was no way one person need all of this space.
     I went up the flight of stairs and was in a large hallway. I walked all the way down it to the last door on the left and then I entered. There was a large window and a circular staircase in front of it. I climbed the stairs and walked a little ways down a hall. I then saw a large double-door and I nodded to myself. “Here we go.” 
     I knocked on the door and a second later a voice replied. 
     “Come in.” I opened the door and walked inside of the room. The smell of human blood struck me the moment I entered and I felt a shiver run up my spine. I hadn’t fed in a few days so I was thirsty. I looked over at Nichole who was painting a picture. On the canvas was a spitting image of the man that was lying dead on her sofa. He wasn’t clothed so I avoided looking at him and the painting to avoid any awkwardness. Nichole looked at me and then to the man, she smiled and her gaze returned to me. 
     “Oh, don’t mind him.” She insisted. “I found him out in town and told him I needed a model for a portrait I was painting. He was so eager to help, perhaps a little too eager.” She shook her head like she pitied the man. “Naïve little human, if only he’d known that he wasn’t my type.” She must have sensed my thirst because she half smiled at me. “What kind of a house guest would I be if I didn’t offer you anything to drink? You can have whatever blood is left in him.” I shook my head. 
     “Thank you for the offer but I’m fine. I’d really just like to know what you called me here for.” She nodded and set down her paintbrush and palette. 
     “Right! Where does the time go, Victor?” I shrugged and then she walked up to me. “It seems like just yesterday I sent off that letter telling you to go fetch my vampires for me. That was nearly a year ago! This year I decided to invite you over to give you your job.” I nodded, pretending to be grateful. “Well, I just require ten vampires as usual.” She requested. I nodded again.
     “Alright, where do you want me to go?” I inquired. She stared at me for a long moment and then she smiled. 
     “Did you know that the shape shifter population has declined quite dramatically in the three years I’ve been in charge? There are so many reasons why this could be so I’ve narrowed it down to the three most logical reasons. Would you like to hear them?” She seemed so excited and I didn’t have the guts or the nerve to say no.
     “Sure.” I said as happily as I could. She clapped her hands together.
     “Well, one reason the shifter population might have gone down is the weapons that I have mass produced. The weapons that Selena Reese’s parents created turned out to be just as efficient on shape shifters. We’ve gotten rid of a lot of the packs that have been delaying our process for so long. The second reason the shifter population might have gone down is because of the training the pre-vamps are going through. It helps in the shape shifters’ raids when the vampires can fight back and kill them.” She stopped, awaiting my response. 
     “And what’s your third reason?” I wondered. She smiled, flattered that I was actually listening to her.
     “Well, the third reason is me.” 
     “You?” She nodded.
     “Yes, I’m the brains of this operation. The shape shifter population has gone down since I took over so I take full credit for our small victory.” I flashed a fake, yet still believable, smile in her direction.
     “Well, that’s very interesting that the shifters are dying off but uh, I don’t really know how that has anything to do with my question.” She smiled at me and put her arm around me. 
     “Well then Victor, why don’t you come with me so I can show you.” She moved her arm down and wrapped it around my arm. She began to walk so I walked with her. 
     We exited the room and headed back down the flight of stairs. We walked through the hall until we came to the first door on the left. She let go of me and opened the door. She entered and urged me to follow, so I did. As I walked into the room I saw her walk over to a large chart that was being projected onto a white board. The door closed behind me so I quickly looked back. A hybrid had closed the door and he now stood in-between me and the exit. I was a little scared but I didn’t let it show. I looked back over at Nichole and she smiled at me. 
     “Look at this.” She pointed at the projection. I looked at it and recognized it to be a line graph.
     “What is it?”
     “This is a graph showing the amount of vampires that my people have created over the past three years.” I stared at the chart and saw that the line gradually increased in height. “The vampires I get in one year are three times more than what Dedrick got in one year. What does this tell you, Victor?” I thought about it for a second and then I shook my head.
     “I don’t know, that you’re smarter than Dedrick?” She nodded. 
     “Exactly.” She walked over to another whiteboard where a second line graph was being projected. “This graph shows the amount of hybrids I have made in my three years.” The line on this graph basically went straight up. “I have about five hundred hybrids right now. I would have more of them but they have proven to be more difficult to handle than my vampires.” I nodded, understanding. “Here’s a little fun fact for your ears only, I am going to reach the one hundred million vampire mark by the middle or the end of 2017. That’s about a third of the United States Population!” I felt my mouth drop open a little but I closed it as quickly as possible. One hundred million vampires was a very big number and I found it hard to believe that she could manage that many people.
     “One hundred million? That’s uh, that’s a lot.” She nodded. 
     “Yes, it is.” She took a step away from the board and she began to pace. “Victor, do you know what most all of the vampires that are brought to me have in common?” I shook my head.
     “No, I have no clue.” 
     “Almost all of the vampires brought to me are uneducated.” She sounded very angry about this. I frowned. 
     “I’m not quite sure what I can do about that.” I admitted. She nodded.
     “I know you don’t, that’s why I’m here. You see dear, in 2017 I will have reached my goal on the amount of vampires we have. In 2017, the time we have all been waiting for will be upon us and we will strike. The only real dilemma that I’m facing right now is the brains in my vampires. You see, this whole ‘take over the world’ thing isn’t going to work if all of my vampires are incompetent.” I shook my head.
     “I’m sorry but like I said before, I’m really not sure what I can do about that.” She smiled charmingly.
     “And like I said before, that’s why I’m here. Luckily for you, I know exactly how you can help me.”
     “What do you need me to do?” I asked, not quite sure that I wanted the answer.
     “I want you to go to New Hampshire for me.” I stared at her, just a little confused. 
     “You want smart vampires so you’re sending me to one of the smallest, least populated states in the U.S.?” My sarcasm amused her; she chuckled. 
     “My dear, if I want smarter vampires you have to trust that I will send you somewhere where you will find them.” 
     “I do trust you, I just find it odd that you would have me go to New Hampshire.” She nodded in understanding.
     “Well, I’ll tell you exactly what I’m planning so that you won’t find it odd. I’m sending my most trusted vampires to colleges all throughout the world. There, they will stay at the college for one term and pick out the ten smartest students and turn them into vampires. I’ll allow you more than one term provided you give me a good excuse of why it’s taking you so long. I want my vampires to be thorough when choosing these people because they will be the foundation of my army, the skeletal system that holds the skin in place. I’m not sending you guys to any run-of-the-mill colleges though, I’m sending you to places like Brown and Yale and Cambridge and Princeton.” I chuckled under my breath.
     “Are you meaning to tell me there’s a mini Princeton in New Hampshire?” She smiled, clearly humored. 
     “No, not Princeton. Have you ever heard of Dartmouth College?” I shook my head.
     “No, I can’t say that I have.” She shrugged.
     “No matter. In Dartmouth you will find many bright young people, those are the exact people that I want in my army. I want people with book smarts, I want people with street smarts, science smarts, government and law smarts. Find these people for me and please bring them back with you. I’ll be checking in every now and again just to be sure things are going according to plan.” I nodded a little.
     “Dartmouth, you said?” She nodded. 
     “Yes, you should go pack your bags Victor, the Fall term starts in one week.”

































Chapter 1
     
     “Vanessa, open the door.” My insufferable sister yelled at me. She was pounding on the door and had been for two whole minutes now. I could have gone and opened it but then she would tell me whatever it was that was on her mind. When my sister came and tried to get me to leave my room it usually meant that she or my mother needed something. “If you don’t open the door I’ll throw your car keys in the trash.” She threatened. I paused and thought about it for a moment; I knew she was serious and I really didn’t want my keys to be thrown away. I sighed in defeat and dropped the shirt I was attempting to pack into my suitcase onto the bed and I walked over to the door. I unlocked it and opened the door.
     “What?” I questioned her. Giselle flipped her hair out of her face and she put her hands on her hips.
     “Mom said you need to come down to dinner.” She said this like I had no other choice and that bothered me. I looked from Giselle to my suitcase and then back to her. 
     “I’m busy.” She looked behind me at my case and then she looked back at me. 
     “Yeah, I can see that. It’s a real raging party you’ve got going on in there.” I rolled my eyes and began to shut the door. Giselle held out her foot, stopping me from closing the door all the way. She put her hand on the door and pushed it open so she could see me again. “Mom wants you to come down for dinner.” She repeated. I nodded. 
     “I’m not deaf, I heard you the first time, I’m just choosing to ignore her request.” I smiled. “It’s funny how the whole free will thing works.” She didn’t change her facial expression so I crossed my arms. “Well, is she making you come to dinner?” Giselle nodded.
     “Yes, though I don’t know why.” I chuckled. 
     “Me either, it’s not like you’ll eat anything.” She scowled at me. 
     “Car keys Vanessa.” She threatened as she moved her foot away from the door. “Be down in five.” She instructed. I rolled my eyes at her and shut the door.
     Giselle is my little sister. To sum up our relationship, she’s a bitch and I hate her. “Wow, that’s pretty harsh Vanessa, you’re mean.” That’s what you’re thinking, right? Well yeah, it is harsh and I’m not saying that I’m not mean, but the truth hurts. Whether my hatred of my sister is based more on legitimate reasoning or jealousy, I’m not sure. I kind of lean toward option number two even though both of the options are contributing factors. My sister and I are twins but we couldn’t be less alike. Giselle is 5’4” and she is extremely skinny, anorexic skinny. She is pretty much perfect in every way, at least to some people. She has light blue eyes, long, naturally blonde hair, a pretty nose, great teeth, an hourglass figure, she is very beautiful. Personally, I thought her to be too skinny to look like a normal person but very few thought like me.
     To briefly describe the differences between Giselle and I, one could say this, she got good looks and no brain and I got the brain and no good looks. I’m 5’7” and not stick thin. I’m about 145 pounds, that’s not terrible considering my height, that’s actually a healthy weight but compared to my sister I might as well be a sasquatch. My hair was naturally a mahogany color; I’d never once dyed it and I never planned to. My eyes were the same color as my hair, a dark reddish-brown. My teeth were pretty straight but that was only because I’d worn braces my entire childhood. As for my body shape, that was the one commonality that my sister and I shared. I had an hourglass figure, but it was never good enough.
     So now that you know the way that my sister and I look, you might be leaning toward the jealousy option. I’ll fill you in a little bit on the personal things and then you can decide who’s the guilty party. Let’s start with my mom. So my mom married my dad at a young age and then they had me and Giselle. Their marriage only lasted two years before my mom divorced my dad. Mom basically took all of dad’s money and she got to keep us and then dad was out of the picture. I haven’t seen him… ever. Well, since mom took all of his money, she opened up her own clothing line and became very, very rich. Our family is extremely rich and, dare I say, famous. “Well it certainly sounds like you’re living the dream.” Ha! That’s incorrect. Our family is probably the most dysfunctional family in the whole world. My mom is a rich crackhead and my sister is a rich airhead. I’m the pigheaded one in the family but I’d take that title over crackhead and airhead any day. I’m really the only one in the family that has attempted to do something with their life other than spend the money we have.
     Growing up in my family was a struggle, you see, I take after my dad, my looks, my personality and Giselle takes after my mom, her looks and her personality. I remind my mom of my dad and she doesn’t like that so I was never the ‘favorite’ child, Giselle was and is. Since my sister was always my mom’s favorite, I’ve always had the pressure to try and be more like her to get my mother’s approval. There’s just some things you can’t compete with though. By the age of fifteen my sister was wearing a D-cup bra; her boobs are real by the way. By the age of thirteen she had boys swarming around her like she was a flower and they were bees. As for me, by the age of seventeen, and the grace of God, I moved up to a C-cup bra. At the age of thirteen where Giselle was a flower, I was more like a bottle of bug poison. Growing up, it always felt like I was in a race that I couldn’t get ahead in. It wasn’t just like this when I was young though, it’s been a competition between the two of us forever, at least it has been for me. The saddest part was that no matter how hard I vied for my mom’s affection, I never received it and it wasn’t my fault. You see, my mom is a very bad excuse for a mother, not just to me, she’s a crap mom to Giselle too but at least she shows some affection to her. She has always paid Giselle for doing nothing and me, I had to get a job at the age of sixteen to pay for gas money and in-school and out-of-school activities. I used to hate the fact that I had to work and my sister didn’t but I look back now and I am quite grateful because it taught me how to take care of myself. After I got a job, I became more independent and kind of gave up on trying to please my mom. I no longer compete with my sister but that doesn’t mean I don’t still feel pain when she is showed love and I’m not.
     As a child, Dominique, my mother, would always try to change who I was. She would always tell me that I need to be thinner, like Giselle, and that I needed to look better and act more like a lady, like Giselle. I had, for the longest time, tried to please her by doing these things but when doing them I was never really me. When I finally got to my whole independent stage I stopped doing what she wanted and started doing what I wanted. 
     I have always loved school, I like learning. I’m very good at Science, Math and English; I’m good at pretty much every subject but those are the ones that fascinate me the most. My dad was a genius and I inherited his brain. I took an IQ test at the age of twenty and I scored a 163. I hoped that if my looks and attitude didn’t please my mother that maybe my vast intelligence would, but it never did. 
     Some people are completely unable to get past the superficial part of themselves, my mother is one of those people. She doesn’t care about what’s on the inside, she only cares for that which can be seen. Like I had mentioned, my mother owns her own clothing line, this proved to be beneficial for Giselle. My sister is a model for my mom’s company; both she and my mother adore that little fact. Giselle wants to be a designer and she is well on her way to achieving that goal.
     My career goal is quite different than Giselle’s career goal. I want to be a lawyer and I have worked very hard to pursue this goal. Ever since I was little I have proven to be great at arguing; when I mixed that with my love of school and hatred of injustice I came up with the idea of becoming a lawyer. I’ll tell you what I have done so far in becoming a lawyer. I graduated high school in 2013 and was valedictorian. I maintained a 4.0 GPA all throughout high school. I was on the Honor Roll at school and was accepted into NHS in my junior year. I got a thirty-two on the ACT the first time I took it. I got a 2100 on the SAT the second time around. When I graduated from high school, my dream was to go to Dartmouth to do my undergraduate studies. Dartmouth was one of the more expensive colleges though and I was forced to pay for college by myself. So, when I got out of high school, Dartmouth was out of the picture. So I kept it simple and went to the University of New Hampshire to get my associates degree. I lived in Durham and the University of New Hampshire was close to home, just a few minutes away, in fact. Now, don’t get me wrong, The University of New Hampshire was a great school, there were a lot of factors that made it a good school for me. Despite these factors though, it wasn’t where I wanted to be. For the two years I was at the school, I never lost hope that I would one day go to Dartmouth. The summer after I got my associates degree, I finally decided to try for Dartmouth so I sent in an application. I was accepted into the college and I had gotten multiple scholarships adding up to thirty-five thousand dollars. That only covered about half the cost of attendance though. So, for the first time in my life, my mother was kind to me. She offered to pay half of what was left over, which was fifteen thousand dollars. I hoped that my mother was paying for me because she was proud of me but I highly doubted that that was the reason behind her generosity. I accepted her offer though and now all I had to pay was fifteen thousand a year. 
     As for my academic goals, I wanted to major in Government, and Economics and then I wanted to go to law school after I got my degrees. This plan was working out well so far, I was well on my way to becoming a lawyer. My plans were going good, surprisingly. I was going to attend Dartmouth for two years, get my master’s degree in Government, and Economics and then I planned to go to Yale Law School. Everything was going according to plan. I left for Dartmouth tomorrow morning, thus the reason I was packing. 
     So now that you have a general knowledge of my childhood and life, I’ll let you be the judge of everything from here on out.
     I heard my sister run down the stairs and I sighed. As much as I hated the idea of eating a meal with my family, I was trying my hardest to stay on my mother’s good side. Since she was paying for half of my college expenses, I needed to be as kind to her as possible. I walked back over to my bed, picked up the shirt and folded it. I set it in the suitcase and then I turned back around and headed for the door. I opened it and left my room. I ran down the stairs and walked through the hall to the door in front of the dining room. I looked at the large mirror hanging on the wall and I fixed my hair and makeup. I straightened out my clothes and nodded to myself. “That’s about as good as I’m gonna get.” I thought. I exhaled deeply, really not wanting to go. I shook off any negative feelings though and entered the room.
     I saw Dominique and Giselle sitting at the table and I walked over to it. I sat at the end of the table opposite to Dominique, and Giselle sat right next to her. I wrested my elbows on the table and laid my head on my hands. Mom scowled at me and shook her head. 
     “Will you please act your age and sit up straight.” She scolded. I didn’t respond. She looked from me to my sister. “Look how politely Giselle is sitting. Can’t you just sit like her?” I looked at her. She was sitting up perfectly straight and her hands were folded on top of each other, resting on her lap. I looked back at my mom and shook my head. 
     “Yeah, there’s no way I can force my spinal cord to be that straight. I’ll take my elbows off of the table though if that’s what’s bothering you.” She nodded a little and I moved my arms from the table. I casually leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms. “So, Giselle said you wanted us to eat dinner with you?” This was an odd thing in our family, we never ate dinner together. Just as I asked this question our butler, Pablo, came into the room and set drinks before us all. I smiled at him and he returned the smile. He then left for the kitchen. Dominique took a small sip of her drink and then she set down the cup. 
     “I just wanted to have a little chat with you before your big day tomorrow.” She said as if it was a normal thing. I nodded and then Pablo reentered the room with a large platter filled with three plates. He walked up to me and set a plate before me. 
     “Thank you.” I said. He nodded and walked over to my mother. He set down a plate before her and then he grabbed the third one and began to set it before Giselle. She held out her hand and shook her head.
     “Not today Pablo.” She insisted. He nodded.
     “Very well.” He looked at Mom. “Is there anything else I can get you ma’am?” She shook her head. 
     “No, Pablo, that will be all.” He took a small bow and then he exited the room. When he was gone she looked at my sister. “Are you not going to eat my dear?” Giselle shook her head.
     “Oh no, I’m not hungry.” My mom adoringly pat her face and then she looked back at me. I took a bite of mashed potatoes that was really too big to be considered polite; I did this only to frustrate my mother. She stared at me, clearly revolted but she managed not to say anything. She set a napkin on her lap and picked up her fork. She took a small bite of potatoes and then she began to talk. 
     “Vanessa, do you know why I’m helping pay for your college expenses?” She wondered. I took another bite of food and shook my head. 
     “No.” I said. I swallowed my food and shook my head again. “No, I don’t.” 
     “Well, Herald said that it would be in the family’s best interest if someone from the family had an educational career. He said that your planning to be a lawyer would prove to be very beneficial.” I stared at her.
     “Beneficial, how so?” I questioned.
     “Well, he said that it would show that the Howell family has more to offer than just beauty. He said it might make us more reputable to the more… intellectually advanced.” Herald was my mother’s agent and he was always right about everything so of course my mom would listen to his advice. I frowned.
     “So, you’re helping pay for my college because you want our family to seem smarter than they actually are.” I said almost in an angry tone. Dominique took no offense to this, in fact, she looked humored. 
     “Well of course dear, why else would I help you?” 
     “Maybe because you wanted to help me fulfill my lifelong dream.” I suggested. She laughed and smiled at me.
     “Darling, your dream is absurd.” She insisted. “Do you really want to be surrounded by criminals every day?” 
     “No, I want to help people and put the bad guys behind bars.” I said this as plainly as possible almost to insult my mother’s intelligence. She shook her head at me.
     “Tsk, tsk, tsk. Vanessa, you could do such better things with your life, you could be the president if you wanted to be.”
     “Well I want to be a lawyer. Assuredly, if I can be the president I can be something as mundane as a lawyer.” She sighed and took another bite of food.
     “Well I think you’re making a mistake but I’ll say no more on the matter.” Giselle sighed loudly so that we would all hear her. My mom and I looked at her.
    “Can I go? I don’t really care if people think our family is smart and I already know Vanessa is going to college to be a lawyer.” Mom nodded.
     “Yes, you may go.” Giselle smiled and kissed our mom on the cheek.
     “Thank you.” She said as she exited the room. I looked at Dominique and then she set down her fork. She took a sip of her drink and began to speak again.
     “Why I really called you down here is so that I could speak to you about some rules I have made.” I stared at her, confused. 
     “Rules?” I inquired. She nodded.
     “Yes, I have some rules that you have to follow while you are attending Dartmouth.” 
     “Mom, I’m twenty years old. You’re really giving me rules?” She nodded indicating that I most certainly was giving me rules.
     “Vanessa, you have to realize that I’m spending a good amount of my money on your education. I have to make sure that my money is not going to waste, do you understand?” I nodded a little.
     “Yep.” I murmured under my breath. She smiled and began to speak again.
     “Rule number one: if your grades start to go down I will not financially support you. I expect your academic performance to be top notch so if my expectations are not met I will not feel as motivated to help fund you. Rule number two: you will not attend any parties unless they are formal parties like a banquet. I will not have you fooling around like many other college kids, are we clear?” I nodded. “Good, those are my only rules. I expect you to follow them.” I nodded again. I had never been to a real party before; I wasn’t the best at socializing with people so I never saw the point of going. I had been to birthday parties when I was younger but that was about it. The only other parties I had gone to were formal ones for school or for my mom’s work. Rule number two would be a piece of cake. As for my grades, I never got bad grades so I wasn’t worried about that rule.
     “I can do that.” I said. She smiled at me and took a bite of her dinner. 
     “Good. I’ll come to your school in a month just to check on you and make sure you are doing everything that needs to be done. I’ll probably come by on October 16th.” 
     “Ok, just give me a call before you do.” I instructed her. 
     “I’ll do my best to remember to do that.” 
     We ate in silence for five minutes before Dominique felt the need to talk some more.
     “I have an important meeting that I need to attend tomorrow so I’ll be leaving tonight to fly out to California. I won’t be there to see you off in the morning, I hope you understand.” I nodded. Sadly enough, I did understand; I was used to my mother bailing out on important things.
     “You’re fine.” I lied. “I’m gonna leave at eight so I can get to my dorm early. I want to get settled and maybe meet my roommate.” She nodded.
     “And you start school tomorrow?” She asked, not quite sure. I shook my head. 
     “No, no, I start on the sixteenth.” 
     “Right.” She said as she removed her napkin from her lap and stood up. “I’ll see you in a month.” I nodded.
     “Ok.” With that said and done, Dominique left the kitchen and I was left with just my thoughts.
     I sat there and picked at the rest of my food. I was troubled. “How could I have thought she was proud of me?” I asked myself. “When has she ever been proud of me? What does it matter anyway? I don’t need her acceptance.” I finished my meal and then I headed back up to my room. As I walked, I thought about how much I disliked having my mother help me with things, especially financial things. No matter how generous it came off as, there was always an exception to her generosity. It didn’t really matter though, I couldn’t work to pay all of the bills and thoroughly do my school work at the same time. I needed my mom’s help so if keeping a few rules was all I had to do, I would gladly do it.
     When I got back to my room I closed the door behind me and continued packing up my stuff. I only had a little more to pack so it only took about ten minutes. Once my suitcase was full and my room was empty, I piled up my bags and boxes by the door and I went and sat down on the side of my bed. I grabbed my phone out from my pocket and I stared at it; I wanted to text someone and share with them the excitement I was feeling. I wanted to tell my best friend that I was finished packing and I was going to go to sleep and then wake up in the morning and leave for Dartmouth. I bit my lip, something I do when deep in thought, and I set the phone down on my lap. I would text a friend but I didn’t have a best friend. I didn’t have anyone I talked to about things that happened in my life. I could have texted one of my acquaintances from school but none of them really knew I was leaving, they probably wouldn’t care all that much either. As I stared at my phone I felt a bitter sadness overcome me. As much as I wanted to cry, I wouldn’t. I hadn’t cried in four years, I had felt sadness at times but I hadn’t cried. I’ve never been particularly good with handling strong emotions like sadness and anger and heart break. In fact, as a teenager, rather than just dealing with my emotions and working through them, I resorted to some bad coping methods. I’d never done drugs or drank or anything, I never saw that as a good way to cope with anything. Let’s just say that I preferred physical pain over emotional pain and had used that preference throughout my entire teenage years. I’d had a pretty messed up childhood but by the time I’d graduated from high school, I had decided that my way of coping with my emotional pain was more harmful than anything else. So I stopped what I had been doing; I still can’t handle strong emotions so instead of masking them with physical pain I just push them down deep so I can’t feel them. That is what I was doing now; I didn’t want to feel sad about my not having friends. I didn’t want to deal with that sadness so I pushed it away and just sat in silence staring at my phone. 
     I sat like this for five minutes before I heard a small knock on the door. I sat up immediately and took in a deep breath, quickly composing myself. 
     “Come in.” I croaked. The door slowly opened and I saw Pablo stick his happy face inside of my room. He smiled kindly at me.
     “Holla.” He greeted. I smiled back at him.
     “Holla.” Pablo was short and chubby, he had black hair, a ridiculously huge mustache and brown eyes. He was Hispanic and in his late forties. Pablo was the closest thing I had to a best friend, and a parent for that matter. He had been working for my family for fifteen years. Pablo had taught me how to speak Spanish; my Spanish teacher in high school wasn’t the best so he would spend hours teaching me the language. Pablo looked at me and frowned. He walked into the room and came and stood in front of me.
     “What’s wrong?” He asked, knowing I wasn’t well. I half smiled and looked down at my phone. I held it up to show him and I looked back at him. 
     “I was gonna text some friends and tell them that I was all packed up and ready to go but I don’t have anyone to text.” I set the phone back in my lap and sighed. Pablo walked over to me and sat down by my side. He put his arm around me and gave me a warm hug. 
     “It’s going to get better niña.” He said surely. I looked at him with a big frown on my face.
     “You know, my mom doesn’t even care about me.” I said, revealing the most troubling thought I had right now. “She’s just helping me out to make herself look better.” He sighed and took his arm off of me. 
     “Vanessa, you know your mom.” He said sadly. “I know that you wish that she was different, but you know she’s not.” I nodded and took in a deep breath; I let it out and nodded.
     “I know, I just wished she cared a little is all. It doesn’t matter though.” I said confidently. “I mean, if she wasn’t helping I wouldn’t be able to go.” Pablo nodded.
     “That’s right.” I looked back at my phone and I felt sad again. He followed my gaze and saw I was looking at my phone. “It’s going to get better.” He repeated. “You’re gonna be in a new town at a new school. You’re gonna meet your roommate and I’ll bet you anything you’ll be good friends.” I smiled and looked at him. “The best part about this whole moving thing is that you’ll get to be away from your sister and mom.” I chuckled. 
     “That’ll be nice.” I admitted. “Different, but not in a bad way.” He nodded. I sighed and shook my head. “What if it doesn’t get better Pablo? What if I don’t make any friends?” Pablo’s face got irritated and he stood up.
     “Vanessa, you are not going to college to make friends, you’re going to become a lawyer. If you make friends, that’s fantastic, but if you don’t, it’s not the end of the world.” I nodded a little. He looked at me and sighed. He sat back down by my side. “I’ll bet you anything that you’ll meet a special boy too because you are un muy bonita niña.” I half smiled and wrapped my arms around Pablo’s thick torso. I hugged him for a long minute and then I let him go. 
     “I swear, the only thing I’m going to miss about this place is having you around.” He smiled and kissed my forehead. 
     “I will come down maybe in the Spring when I get a few days off. I’ll come and see you.” I nodded. 
     “I hope you do.” He stood up and I stood with him. I hugged him one last time and he walked over to the door. 
     “You get some sleep tonight, you have a big day tomorrow.”
     “Alright, I’ll go to bed within the hour.” He nodded in approval. 
     “Good girl. I’ll make you a breakfast tomorrow so you can’t try and sneak away without saying goodbye.” I smiled. 
     “I wouldn’t dream of it.” He returned my smile and left the room.
     Once Pablo was gone, I was left in silence. I stared at the white wall and thought things over. “He’s right.” I told myself. “Things will get better. I won’t have any family baggage with me; I’m leaving it all here for them to deal with. I’m sure he’s right too, I’ll probably become good friends with my roommate, at least I hope I do.” I nodded to myself confidently. “Yes, things are going to be a lot different at Dartmouth.”



















Chapter 2

     When I woke in the morning I could vaguely smell bacon frying and coffee brewing. I sat up and ran my fingers through my messy hair. The clock said it was seven in the morning, that was about the time I woke up every morning. The sun was shining through the small crack in my curtains and I could see little dust particles floating around my empty room. Everything I had, that was of importance to me, was packed up in boxes and suitcases. I had three medium size boxes and two suitcases full of my items. In the boxes were mostly books and music and blankets and stuff like that. The suitcases held all of the clothes I owned. I had taken just about everything from my room and packed it away. I figured if I left anything here it would be gone when, or if, I returned.
     I slid out of bed and stood up and stretched. I walked over to my bathroom and I entered it and started the shower. I took a quick shower, washing my hair and body off. Once out of the shower, I dried off and got dressed in jeans and a floral blouse. I brushed through my hair and braided it so it would stay out of my face. I then put on makeup and exited my room.
     I walked down the hallway and I saw Giselle’s door was open. I peeked my head in but she wasn’t here. “Neither Mom or Giselle are here to see me off, that’s swell.” I turned around and went down the stairs. I checked the living room in small hopes that maybe Giselle had fallen asleep on the couch but she wasn’t there. I didn’t really want her to be home just to say good bye to me, I wanted her not to be at her boyfriend’s house like she had been for the last few weeks. Her boyfriend is a… well, to put it kindly, he’s a jerk. Hate my sister or not, she didn’t deserve to be treated the way he treated her. She must have liked it though because she didn’t leave him like any sensible person would have. Instead, she decided that having sleepovers at his house nearly every night would fix their relationship and make him love her more. Clearly that wasn’t working because every now and again I would notice bruises on her arms or occasionally on her face. She also cried a lot because of the cruel things he told her. I hated seeing Giselle get hurt more than I hated her. The one time I actually witnessed her boyfriend laying his hands on her I punched him in the face and pushed him away from her. That got me a slap in the face by, none other than, Giselle and she told me that she hated me and didn’t want or need my help. That was about a year ago and she has barely talked to me since. I was ok with her not talking to me though because I found her company to be unpleasant. 
     I left the living room and entered the dining hall. There were steaming eggs, bacon and French toast on a plate by my seat and a warm cup of coffee. The mornings had been getting more chilly since we were approaching the end of the year so Pablo made me coffee every morning. I smiled and heard water running in the kitchen. I walked back to the kitchen and saw Pablo scrubbing some pans clean and I walked over to him. 
     “Good morning.” I said loud enough for him to hear over the running water. He looked at me and smiled.
     “¡Buenos días señorita!” He greeted. “¿Cómo estás?” I nodded at him.
     “Muy bien, gracias.” Pablo often spoke Spanish around me to make sure that I didn’t “Lose the language,” as he had so finely put it.
     “I made you some food and coffee.” He said as he made a hand motion at the door. 
     “I saw it, thank you.” He turned off the water and dried his hands off. He then walked up to me and put his hand on my back. He led me into the dining hall and had me sit down. “Eat.” He instructed. I did as he said and began to take small bites of food. Pablo sat down at the table and began to drink a cup of coffee he had poured for himself. “When did Dominique leave?” I wondered aloud. He looked at the clock and then back at me. 
     “She left at four.”
     “And Giselle?” He frowned.
     “She left some time after dinner.” I nodded and took a large gulp of my coffee. Pablo got up a minute later and he went to the front to get the newspaper, like he did every other morning. He came back to the table, sat down and began to read the news section. He liked reading the paper, I wasn’t too into it myself but I liked to sit with him and drink my morning coffee as he read. 
     A few minutes went by and my breakfast was almost gone. Pablo wore a troubled look on his face as he read. 
     “¿Qué pasa?” I wondered. He looked at me, set the paper down and took a sip of coffee. 
     “Some kids from Harvard went missing this month and no one knows where they are.” I stared at him and then I looked at the paper. On the headlines I could see what it said. “Ten students go missing from Harvard, no explanation.” I shrugged and looked back at Pablo.
     “They probably just dropped out and didn’t want to tell their parents.” I suggested. 
     “Ten of them?” 
     “Maybe they’re part of a cult.” I joked. He scowled at me and shook his head, looking back down at the paper.
     “No, I read something like this a few months ago, something about students going missing from Brown.” He sounded confused.
     “What do all of the students have in common?” I inquired.
     “Well, they’re all very smart but that’s not shocking at schools like that.”
     “Is it a specific gender or race that goes missing?” He shook his head. 
     “No, they are all different kinds of people, nothing specific.” I took a small sip of my coffee, finishing it off and I set down the cup.
     “I’m sure they just decided that they didn’t want to go to school any more so they dropped out.” I didn’t believe this myself and it was obvious that Pablo didn’t either. We left it at that though because neither of us were willing to look more into it.
     Once I was done with breakfast and Pablo was done reading the paper, we began to bring all of my stuff down to my car. I had a 2012 Honda Civic, I’d owned it for about two years now and it had proven to be a great little car. We put all of the boxes and one of the suitcases in the trunk. The other suitcase I put in the backseat. I had a purse with a bunch of stuff in it, stuff like my wallet and phone and sunglasses. When the car was all loaded up, I did a quick sweep of my room and bathroom, making sure that everything was indeed packed away in the car. It all was so I walked out of my room and stood in the hallway. I looked back at the room and I felt only a small bit of emptiness enter me. I shook it off and closed the door. I walked down the stairs and out into the front yard. I walked over to my car where Pablo was standing patiently. He smiled at me and held out his arms. I hugged him and he kissed my forehead. 
     “Drive safe hija and call me when you get settled in. We’re only two short hours away from you so if you need anything, call me and I’ll be there ok.” I nodded and squeezed him tight.
     “I love you.”
     “I love you too, Vanessa.” He let go of me and pat my back, urging me to go. I felt like the only string I had tying me to this place was this man and he was urging me to cut that string and be free. With only some reluctance, I cut the string and I turned away from Pablo and got into my car. I closed the door behind myself and I buckled up. I started the engine and began to drive away. Only when I was out of the driveway did I dare to look back at Pablo. He stood where I had left him, waving goodbye and wearing a smile that was trying it’s hardest to be happy for me. Pablo would no longer have someone to sit and talk with him every morning or to keep him company while he read the paper. He wouldn’t have to make coffee every morning or say goodnight to someone every night. I wouldn’t have that either. He was my friend, my only friend, and I was leaving him behind to pursue my career. I was sad but it was too late to change my mind about this; it was probably a good thing that I couldn’t change my mind or else I might have. I didn’t though, I averted my eyes from him and I looked at the giant house. Whatever desire I had to stay disappeared when I looked at the place. The three story mansion filled me with anger. In all actuality, it wasn’t the house that angered me, it was the memories that went along with it, memories of a troubled life. Those memories were the things that I had no problem leaving behind, and so I did.
     As I drove down the street, I rolled down the windows and felt the cool September air pour into my window and fill my lungs. I breathed it in and turned up the music I was listening to. I had about a two hour drive from here to Dartmouth. Dartmouth is located in the small town of Hanover, New Hampshire. I lived in the town of Durham, New Hampshire and had for my entire life. The thought of leaving my hometown was both nerve-wracking and exciting.
     As I drove, I thought about my roommate. I would meet her in two short hours so I really didn’t have to think about her too much but I couldn’t help but wonder. “What if she’s evil, or worse, intrusive? With my luck I’ll get the roommate that wants to know everything about me. “Pff, you’re one to talk!” I scolded myself. “You’re the one wondering what she’s gonna be like and already making assumptions about her. That’s not being intrusive though, that’s just me wondering.” I argued with myself about this for a while before I decided it was a complete waste of time. To drown out my thoughts, I turned the music up as high as I could manage without getting a headache and I drove.
     The drive was pretty quick for the most part. When I got into Hanover, I turned down my music so I wouldn’t freak anyone out and I drove to the college. About a week ago I had come down here and worked everything out and gotten my dorm key and my parking permit and whatnot. I was able to head straight for the dorm.      
     When at the college, I drove to the dorm area and I parked my car. I got out of the car and grabbed only my purse and keys; I’d come back in a few minutes to retrieve my boxes and bags. I walked across the parking lot and over to the dorm building. I opened the door and entered. I walked down a long hall and to my room; my room was on the bottom floor back in the right-hand corner of the large building. When at my room, I wondered whether or not I should knock. I didn’t want to just barge in so I knocked on the door. I waited about twenty seconds and when the door didn’t open I decided it was ok to unlock it myself. I slid the key into the lock and turned it. I opened the door and entered the room.
     The dorm room was pretty small but it seemed comfortable. When you enter the room, you are in the living room. If you walk straight you’ll soon enter the tiny kitchen; the kitchen is not enclosed by walls so you just enter it. On the right wall of the living room is a door that leads into the bedroom where both my bed and my roommate’s bed are. On the left wall of the living room is a door that leads into the bathroom. I had seen the room before but I hadn’t had the pleasure of meeting my roommate. Sitting at the kitchen table was, who I assumed to be, my roommate. She had short, jet-black hair; the tips of her hair just barely reached her chin. She looked short, maybe 5’4” and she was tiny. I couldn’t really see her face because she was facing away from me. She had headphones on and was listening to music, humming along to it while drawing something on a paper. I stood there awkwardly, trying to figure out what to do. If I just went off and started doing my thing and she saw me, she’d freak out because there was a random person in her room. On the other hand though, if I went up and tapped her on her shoulder to get her attention I would freak her out. I decided that both scenarios were bad but I went with the second one. I turned around to close the door and the second I did, a loud scream filled my ears. It scared me so I let out a small scream and I quickly turned around and held my hands in front of me. 
     “I’m sorry!” I exclaimed. She stood up with her pencil still in her hand. She stared at me and let out a small sigh of relief. 
     “Are you Vanessa?” She asked. I nodded a little, still shocked from her screaming. 
     “I… um… I, I am. I’m so sorry to have scared you.” I looked at the door and then back at her. “I promise I knocked first.” She smiled and set her pencil on the table. “I’m Vanessa.” I said sounding like a fool. She giggled and nodded. 
     “I know. It’s nice to meet you, I’m Sarah.” She had a calm voice that matched her size. Her voice wasn’t high pitched or too deep, it fit her very nicely. Now that I could see her eyes, I could tell they were a very light blue, they were eyes anyone would envy. Sarah walked over to me and held out her hand. I took it and we shook. “I’m sorry I didn’t hear you knock, I was a little preoccupied.” She admitted. I shook my head. 
     “It’s no problem.” 
     “Yeah, I got here yesterday evening, I was wondering when you would get here.” She looked at my purse and then back at my face. “Is that your only bag?” She sounded a little shocked. I laughed and shook my head.
     “Oh no, I have a few boxes and bags in the car.” She smiled as if that was the normal response, the one she had expected. “I’m gonna go get them now.”
     “Want some help?” She offered. I shook my head, not wanting to seem too needy.
     “Oh, thank you but I’m good. It’ll be a pain so I don’t want you to have to help.” She shrugged.
     “It will be less of a pain with two people, come on.” She insisted. I didn’t argue with her, I just followed her out of the dorm room, dropping my purse in the living room as we walked.
     We left the room and headed out to my car. She looked at me and stared for a moment. I was never really good with eye contact, though I had been working on it. Sarah clearly had no problem with it because she held her stare for a good ten seconds and then she went back to looking in front of herself. 
     “You’re Vanessa Howell, your mom is Dominique Howell, right?” I bit my lip and nodded. The last thing I wanted people knowing me as was Dominique Howell’s daughter. 
     “I am.” I murmured. 
     “Do people notice that a lot?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, they do.”
     “You don’t like people knowing that?” She inquired. I looked at her and the look I gave her was all the explaining she needed.
     “Well, if it makes you feel better, your mom’s clothes line sucks.” I laughed, probably too loud. Sarah smiled, seeing that I didn’t care they she disliked my mom’s clothes. I nodded and looked at her.
     “That actually does make me feel better.” I said as we stopped by my car.
     “Is this your car?” I nodded and popped the trunk. 
     “Yeah, it is.” 
     “What can I grab?” She asked. I pointed at the bag. 
     “You could grab the bag for me, that would be great.” She nodded and grabbed it. I grabbed a box and then we began to walk back to the room. 
     “Is this your undergrad year?” I shook my head swiftly. 
     “No, I’m working on getting my Bachelor’s degree this year and next.” She nodded. 
     “Oh, what in?”
     “Government, and Economics.” I said this quietly like I was afraid she would judge. She didn’t though, not even a little. 
     “Nice, are you planning on being a politician or something?” I chuckled and shook my head.
     “No, I’m actually planning on being a lawyer.     
     “Ah, a lawyer. I wish I was smart enough for that kind of stuff.” I frowned.
     “Well you got into this school so you have to be pretty smart.” She smiled at my compliment and we entered our room. We set the stuff down by my purse and then we headed back out to the car. 
     “I’m not the smartest but I was good enough to get in here. I hear you’re a super genius, is that true?” I nodded. 
     “Yes.” I said plainly. After I said that I felt the smallest bit conceited so I tried to take it back. “I mean, I’m not a genius but I…” She held up a hand, saving me from my excuse.
     “Hey, you don’t have to lie to kick it.” She said as she flashed me a reassuring smile. I nodded and she continued to talk. “You didn’t go here your first two years, did you?” 
     “No,” I replied, “I went to the University of New Hampshire.” She looked confused.
     “You went there?” She made me out to appear too good for that school. “Pff, you and your family have so much money, why go there?” I sighed, not wanting to get into the whole family thing. In all honesty, the only reason I had gone there was because I couldn’t afford anywhere else. To tell this to Sarah though would mean I would have to explain that my mother and I didn’t get along and that wasn’t an option for me. So I took the alternative route and lied to her. 
     “It was just closer to home so it made the transitioning easier.” She nodded, believing what I had told her. 
     “Oh, ok.” 
     “What about you?” I questioned as we pulled the last two boxes out of the trunk. I closed the trunk and we headed back to the building. “Is this you undergraduate year?” She nodded. 
     “Yeah.” She replied happily.
     “Are you going to work on majoring in anything or what?” She nodded and smiled.
     “Yeah, I’m an artist; I want to major in studio art and art history. I’m taking my general education classes this year along with some prerequisite classes.” 
     “May I ask why you chose Dartmouth?” She shrugged. 
     “My parents are friends with a few of the professors so I was able to get in with their recommendations and a whole ton of money my family had been saving for my schooling.” I nodded and we put the boxes by the other ones and we headed out for the last time. As we walked to the car, I looked, for the first time, at Sarah’s clothes. She wore a black tank top, short shorts with black fishnet stockings on underneath them. Her shoes were perhaps the strangest part of her outfit, they were red plaid pumps that had tiny silver studs all over them. They looked like a mix between school girl and punk rocker. The way she dressed was the polar opposite of how I dressed and the way she acted was different than me too. However, I felt that I already really liked her. 
     We grabbed my last bag from the car, locked it and then we headed back inside. By the time all of my stuff was in the house it was twelve. I began to unpack because I really had nothing else to do. I figured it wouldn’t take much longer than an hour and a half to unload everything and put it all where I wanted it to go. As I unpacked Sarah chattered away, telling me about her future plans and what she liked to do and how she acted around the house. From what I gathered, she wasn’t a messy person, which was good. I wasn’t messy, I liked everything to be in place and in order so to know that she was somewhat the same was reassuring. She told me that she was unable to cook; this was a good thing because I could cook and preferred doing it. She took a long time getting ready in the morning; that could be a problem because I always took long amounts of time getting ready too. We would work around that issue though. Everything she told me about herself led me to believe that she would be a great roommate for me. The only thing about Sarah that I didn’t like was that she talked a lot. I suppose I didn’t really dislike it, it was just, no one ever talked to me as much as she was so it was odd for me. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that her talking a lot might be a good thing. I didn’t like to talk but she did so I was sure she would keep our conversations going.
     At one in the afternoon, I was unpacked and everything was where I wanted it to be. I was sure that I would move things around some more when I found better places for them, but, for the moment, it was fine. Sarah insisted that we go out for lunch when we had finished so I took her up on her offer. We went to a small Mexican restaurant called Aliberto’s Mexican Food. We sat down and our waiter came and took our drink orders. I ordered a Dr. Pepper and Sarah ordered a Sprite. The waiter left and then Sarah began to talk. 
     “So, did you have a job back in Durham?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I worked at an attorney’s office; I was a lawyer’s receptionist.”
     “Wow, how’d you get that job?” 
     “Well Mr. Pyron is our family attorney. He knew of my wanting to be a lawyer so he kind of took me in and showed me how to be one and what they do. I was really happy working there.” The waiter put our drinks before us and then we told him that we would need another minute to decide what we wanted to order. He left and then we continued our conversation. “What about you, do you have a job?” She nodded and took a big gulp of her soda. 
     “Yeah. Like I mentioned earlier, I’ve lived in Hanover my entire life so I’ve had my job for about two years now.”
     “What do you do?” I wondered.
     “I’m actually a waitress at Denny’s.” I half smiled. 
     “That’s nice that you have a job. I’m gonna have to find one so I can pay for everything.” Sarah tilted her head a little, obviously confused. 
     “What, your family doesn’t help pay for you?” I regretted saying that instantly. 
     “Um, no, my family does help but uh, I want to pay for half, I want to do stuff for myself, you know.” She nodded a little. 
     “Hmm… interesting.” 
     We ordered our food and then we continued to talk. As we talked, I noticed a kid in the corner looking at us. I looked over at him to discover that he was not just looking at us, but he was staring at us. I quickly looked away and I looked down at my food. Sarah looked back at the boy and then back at me. She sighed and I looked up at her. 
     “That guy is staring at us.” I said, as if she didn’t already know. She nodded.
     “Yeah, his name is James.”
     “You know him?”
     “Yeah, he’s really weird. We went to high school together.” I looked back over at him to discover that he was staring at Sarah. I looked back at her.
     “Did you really?” She nodded.
     “Yeah. He’s kind of… um… stalker like.”
     “Stalker like?” I hinted.
     “Yeah, all throughout high school he would kind of wait for me after classes and he would give me gifts and tell me that he loved me and stuff. He’s harmless or else I would have filed a restraining order against him. He’s really weird but I never wanted to be mean to him because of it, you know? After we graduated he asked me if I would go out with him but I told him no because I wanted to focus on school and stuff.”
     “Was that the truth?” I wondered. She shook her head and drank some more soda.
     “Of course not. I just have better people to date than him.” I frowned thinking she was being a little condescending. However, I didn’t entirely blame her, the guy did seem strange. 
     Sarah and I ate our food and then someone walked into the restaurant. We both looked back and Sarah smiled. 
     “Oh hey.” She said to me, pointing at the man. “That’s my boss, Daniel.” The man was at least six feet tall and he had dark brown hair and dark brown eyes. He was pretty attractive considering the fact that he looked like he was in his late thirties or early forties. She waved at him and he saw her and smiled. He said something to the hostess and then he walked over to us. 
     “Hey Sarah, how are you doing?” She put both of her thumbs up. 
     “Pretty good Mr. M., how are you?” He nodded.
     “I’m great, I’m on lunch break and I decided to get away from Denny’s for a while.” Sarah chuckled and Daniel looked at me. “And who are you?” He asked happily. 
     “Vanessa.” I didn’t dare say my last name in fear that he would bring up my family. Sarah must have known how I felt because she didn’t mention who I was. “I’m Sarah’s roommate.” He nodded.
     “Ah, I see.” Sarah scooted over and pat the seat. 
     “Why don’t you sit down?” She offered. He smiled, nodded and sat by her.
     “Thank you ladies, I hope I’m not interrupting anything.” We both shook our heads. 
     “Not at all.” I insisted. Our waiter came by a few minutes later and he saw Daniel. He looked confused but he rolled with it. 
     “Will you be sitting here the whole time you’re here sir?” The waiter asked. Daniel looked at me and Sarah for approval and we nodded. 
     “Yes, I will be.”
     “Very well then. Can I get you anything to drink?” Daniel nodded. 
     “An iced tea please. Oh and be sure to put my orders on a separate tab than these ladies here.” The waiter nodded and left. Daniel looked back at Sarah. “So, did you get all moved in?” He sounded hopeful. She nodded.
     “Yep, I’m all set.” He then looked at me. “And what about you… I’m sorry, what’s your name again?” I half smiled.
     “It’s Vanessa, and yes, I got all settled in right before we came to lunch.” 
     “That’s good, you guys are set and now you’re just getting to know each other.” He nodded. “Good for you guys.” Daniel was silent for a moment and then he shook his head. “I’m sorry, I guess you don’t really know me.” He said as he frowned apologetically at me. I shook my head, not minding. 
     “It’s ok.” He held out his hand and I shook it.
     “Well I’m Daniel Mayrand, I’m Sarah’s boss.” 
     “It’s nice to meet you.” I said sincerely. 
     Sarah and Daniel talked for a few minutes while he ordered food and then we all began to speak again.
     “Vanessa was asking about James earlier.” Sarah said quietly as if trying not to be heard by anyone. Daniel stared at her questioningly.
     “Why?” He inquired.
     “Because he was staring at her earlier.” I replied. 
     “What, is he here?” He asked, looking around. He spotted him in the corner and looked back at us. He shook his head. “Yeah, the kid is strange but he’s been through a lot.” 
     “What, you know him too?” I was only a little shocked. Hanover was a small town so of course people knew a lot of their neighbors, the real question was, “How do they know them?” Daniel nodded in response to my question.
     “Oh yeah.”
     “Mr. M. used to teach in our high school.” Sarah informed me.
     “Yeah, I taught science classes.” 
     “Oh, how long did you teach for?” I asked. 
     “Seven years.”
     “Why’d you stop?” He shrugged. 
     “Teaching just wasn’t for me I guess. I wanted an authority position, hence the whole boss thing.” I smiled and he continued. “I taught Sarah and James in their freshman year of high school. They were in the same grades and they both had my Physical Science class.” 
     “Yeah, I was telling her what he used to do.” Sarah whispered. Daniel frowned.
     “He’s an odd kid. He used to write her notes and give her flowers and stuff. She told me about it once and I told her she should tell her parents. She was concerned that he would get in trouble though so she never did.” 
     The waiter brought Daniel his food and then he began to eat. Sarah and I were just finishing up but we wanted to stay so we could continue talking to him. Daniel seemed really nice and I almost envied Sarah for having him as a boss. As Daniel ate I began to ask questions.
     “So Sarah’s been working for you for two years?” I wondered. He nodded.
     “She sure has. She started working for me right when she got out of high school.” Sarah nodded.
     “It’s a really nice job.” She said, either being sincere or kissing up because Daniel was her boss. I thought her to be sincere so I went with the first option. Daniel took a bite of food and he looked at me. 
     “What about you, do you have a job?” I frowned and shook my head. 
     “No, not yet but I’m going to start looking hopefully tomorrow.”
     “The first place you should check out is Denny’s.” I stared at him with a questioning gaze.
     “Your Denny’s?” He nodded.
     “Yeah, we have an opening. One of our waitresses just quit so you should come by tomorrow and fill out an application.” I felt a huge smile form on my face.
     “Seriously?” He nodded.
     “Yeah.” Sarah smiled and looked at him.
     “You should really hire her Mr. M.!” I appreciated Sarah’s support. He nodded.
     “Just come on by tomorrow whenever you can and you can fill out an application.” He smiled at me and I felt a kind of peace cover me.
     “Thank you!” I said with a smile on my face.
     When Daniel was done eating, we all paid and then we said goodbye to him. He went out to his car and Sarah and I got in my car and began to drive back to the dorms. Sarah had some family matters she had to attend to so when I parked in the parking lot we walked back to our room and then she grabbed her car keys. She took off and I was left alone. 
     I decided to take this free time I had to go and explore the campus. I would call Pablo as well so he could know I was safe. So I left and locked the room and then I left the building and began to walk around the school campus. It was truly beautiful here; everything was all green and alive. I walked around for about an hour and then I found a nice bench that I thought was perfect to rest on while I called Pablo. 
     I sat down and then I pulled my phone out of my pocket. I dialed the house phone and listened as it rang. The only one that ever used the home phone was Pablo, no one else, excluding myself, knew how to work the landline. He picked up after fifteen seconds and, knowing it was me, instantly began to speak.
     “Vanessa! Did you get to Hanover safely?” I nodded as if he could see me.
     “I did, I got here around twelve and I met my roommate and we unpacked my stuff and then we went to lunch.” I couldn’t mask the excitement in my voice.
     “Do you like her? Is she nice?” He hoped. 
     “Yeah, Sarah seems nice enough.”
     “That’s good! And you went to lunch with her?” I half smiled.
     “Yeah. Her boss actually showed up and he said he might be able to hire me. He’s the manager at Denny’s and Sarah is a waitress there. He told me to come in tomorrow and to fill out an application. I might get a job!”
     “That’s great, Vanessa! You see, what did I tell you? Things are going to be different there.” I nodded, almost believing him.
     “You might be right.” I admitted as I looked around at people. “Well I just wanted to tell you that I got here safely.”
     “Are you done talking to me already?” He said almost jokingly.
     “For now. I’ll call in a few days.” I promised. 
     “Call at least once a week so I know you’re ok, alright.” 
     “Ok. I’ll talk to you later.”
     “Adios hija.” He hung up the phone and then I slid it back into my pocket.
     I sat in peace for a few minutes before I decided that I wanted to go back to my room. I began to walk back to the dorms and I continued sightseeing as I did so. 
     When back at the dorms, it was about four in the afternoon. I saw Sarah pulling her car into the parking lot so I decided to go see what she was doing. I walked over to her car and greeted her as she got out. 
     “Hey.” I said quietly. She smiled at me and closed her door.
     “Please tell me you haven’t been hanging out in this parking lot the whole time I was gone.” I chuckled and shook my head. 
     “No, I just got back from a walk.” 
     “Ah.” She said as she nodded. We began to walk to the room and she talked. “Sorry I had to leave earlier, I…” Sarah was interrupted by the rev of a car engine. We both shot our heads back in the direction of the sound to see that it was being made by a 2011 Mercedes SLS AMG Gullwing. The car was a sleek black color and it made me wonder who the driver was. Sarah’s hastily looked away from the car and red filled her cheeks. I looked away from it and at her and I half smiled, causing her to smile.
     “Either you’re in love with the car or the person in it.” I teased. She blushed even more and allowed herself one look over her shoulder. I looked back as well and saw the car was parking. 
     “It’s the person in the car.” She whispered. We both looked back in front of ourselves and we walked over to our building. It was then that we stopped and looked back at the car. It had parked and the driver was getting out.
     “Who is it?” I interrogated. Before Sarah could answer my question, both of us were shocked into silence, perhaps me more than Sarah. The man who had been driving the car was, well, gorgeous to say the least. He was tall and he had short, wavy dark brown hair. He wore a black, long-sleeve shirt and dark blue jeans. Though he was covered up pretty well, you could tell that he was extremely strong. His face was just as beautiful as his body. He had strong facial features, his chin and jaw were squared and masculine, he had a Greek nose, his eyebrows were thick and dark and that complimented his bright, blue eyes nicely. His eyes weren’t small but they weren’t huge, they were just right size to fit his face. His lips were an average size and they were a dark pink color. Overall, he was a very attractive man, though I dared not admit that to Sarah, seeing the way she looked at him. The little bit of social skills I had told me that Sarah was head over heels in love with this boy. She looked at him and you could see the longing for him, it showed in her eyes. I shook off my gaze and I looked away from him. My movement pulled her out her trance and then she looked at me, blinking frantically. 
     “Sorry, what?” She muttered. I half smiled.
     “Who is he?” I repeated. She nodded, understanding now.
     “Oh, his name is Victor Malorne. His uncle is the chief of police. Victor just got here to Hanover a week ago.”
     “A week ago, and you’re already in love with him?” I taunted. She looked back at him, I did the same and saw that he was heading toward the school. Sarah and I looked at each other and she gave me a sarcastic look. 
     “Of course I’m in love with him, did you see him?” She looked back at him and shook her head. She looked back at me, awaiting my response. “You could tell her the truth and say that he is gorgeous but who knows where that will take you. You could also lie and tell her he’s ok; the worst that will get you is a disapproving comment or look.” I thought quickly. “Don’t let her know you think he’s amazing.” I listened to my common sense and lied. 
     “Yeah, he’s alright.” She flashed a very disapproving and questioning scowl at me.
     “He’s more than alright, he’s like the hottest guy you can imagine… on steroids.” I looked back at him and, silently agreed with her. I looked back at her.
     “Have you talked to him at all?” I wondered. 
     “Pff!” She said loudly. “Me talk to him?” She shook her head. “No, girls like me don’t talk to guys like him.” I stared at her, not entirely sure I understood. 
     “Girls like you and guys like him?” She nodded.
     “Ok, so you kind of have to have lived in Hanover your whole life to understand this. Victor’s uncle, Arnold, was a police officer like ten years ago. He was elected mayor about seven years ago and three years ago he was elected chief of police. He is extremely rich and so is Victor. Victor is kind of like Hanover royalty where as people like me, the poor folk, are like Hanover peasants.”
     “Didn’t Victor just move here though? How do you know he’s rich?”
     “I don’t know exactly what happened but I guess something happened with his parents and he decided to come and live with his uncle.”
     “Is he going to Dartmouth?” I questioned. Going to Dartmouth was the only real reason I could think of someone moving down here. She shook her head.
     “No, he’s not enrolled, as far as I know.” I tilted my head a little, confused. I finally shrugged off my curiosity and began to speak again.
     “Well, you should talk to him if you like him.” I instructed. Sarah looked at where Victor had disappeared off to and then she looked back at me.
     “Maybe, for now though, I’m ok with admiring from a distance.”
     “You mean stalking?” I joked. She laughed and then we began to walk to our room.
     The rest of the day went by fast and that night I slept great. It was strange sleeping in a new house in the same room as someone I had just barely met that day, but at the same time, it was nice because I knew it was a part of growing up. Sarah went to bed later than I did; I went to bed at ten and I had no clue what time she went to bed. All of her classes were in the afternoon because she worked in the mornings. She was gone by the time I got up; I got up at seven every morning. 
     Once I got up, I drank some coffee, old habits die hard. After my coffee I showered, dressed and put on my makeup. It was Wednesday, September 16th, 2015. My classes began today. My weekly schedule was pretty good. On Monday I had a class from 9 to 11 a.m. and a class from 2 to 4 p.m. On Tuesday I had a class from 12 to 2 p.m. On Wednesday I had a class from 12 to 2 p.m. On Thursday I had a class from 9 to 11 a.m. and a class from 2 to 4 p.m. On Friday I had a class from 12 to 2 p.m. On Saturday and Sunday I had no school. My schedule was pretty busy but I knew I would be able to manage it. 
     From the time I was done with my morning routine to 11:30 a.m., I reorganized some of my stuff, I didn’t like the places some of my item were in so I fiddled around with it all for a while. I left for my first class at 11:30 a.m.; I only had one class today. I got to the class twenty minutes early; I hadn’t known how long it would take to walk to my class so I had left too early. I planned to walk in and find a good seat and get ready to take notes. My plans changed though when I walked in and my professor saw me. He was an elderly man with a grey beard, mustache, and a balding head. He was very thin and wore thick glasses. He had a hooked nose and had light brown eyes. He smiled at me. 
     “I do believe it was mentioned to me that a Miss Vanessa Howell would be in my class.” He said with a voice that sounded much younger than him. I stupidly looked around as if he had addressed someone else. I felt stupid though because I was most certainly the only Vanessa Howell in this room. He chuckled at me, amused. I felt my cheeks grow hot and I nodded.
     “I’m sorry, yes, I’m Vanessa Howell.” He nodded and greeted me with a firm handshake. 
     “I have heard a lot about you Miss Howell.” I nodded. I wasn’t famous for designing any clothes but I had won several awards in school for my outstanding school performances and one state prize. I had been talked about on the news a few times, and, on a few occasions, upstaged my mother and sister at their fashion events. I didn’t go with them to those very often because I found them to be boring and egotistical. The few times I had gone with them though, the reporters had been all over me. I was known as the “Brains” of the Howell family and brains were always a rarity at those events. Those things are the only reasons people knew who I was. If I hadn’t won those awards or gone to those events with my family, I would more than likely not even exist in the eyes of the media. Giselle never spoke of me, her estranged twin sister. Dominique sure as hell never mentioned me to anyone unless doing so gave her an opportunity to look better. 
     “Have you?” I replied to his previous comment. He nodded.
     “Oh yes, a genius like you doesn’t just attend my class without my knowing about it.” I smiled. 
     “Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Mister…”
     “Matthew Zenith.”
     I talked to the professor for a few more minutes before I excused myself so I could go and sit down. I went to a spot and I pulled out my notebook and a pencil. I was ready to take on my very first class at Dartmouth College.


































Chapter 3

     I got out of class at two and then I walked back over to the dorms. I went to my room to discover Sarah sleeping in bed. I quietly dropped off my school stuff and got my car keys. I wanted to stop by Denny’s so I could fill out that application. I took the keys and my purse and I left the room, locking the door behind me. I went out to my car and began to drive to the restaurant. Victor’s car wasn’t in the parking lot today, I didn’t pay too much thought to that little detail though.
     I got to the restaurant in a matter of fifteen minutes and I parked my car in the lot. I got out, locked my car and headed inside. When inside, the hostess instantly greeted me and asked how many were in my party. I explained to her that I was just here for an application and she generously gave me the papers. I took them from her and turned around to head out to my car. I was halted by a voice calling my name.
     “Vanessa.” A man said. I looked back and realized the voice to belong to Daniel. I smiled politely at him as he approached me. “I see you came for the application.” I nodded and held up the papers. 
     “Yes sir.” He nodded. 
     “Were you going to fill them out today?” He wondered. I nodded. 
     “Yes sir, I was. I was just gonna go out to my car to do it.” He frowned and shook his head. 
     “Nonsense, why don’t you take a seat at this table over here and fill it out. It will be more comfortable in here.” I smiled gratefully at him. It was chilly outside so I didn’t decline the invitation to stay in here where it was nice and warm.
     “Thank you, sir.”
     “You can call me Daniel, you don’t work for me yet.” He said kindly. I smiled. 
     “Thank you Daniel.” He nodded and led me to a booth. He gave me a pen and then left me to fill it out. I ordered a coffee so I could drink it while I was here. 
     For the next twenty or so minutes, I filled out the application and drank my coffee. When it was done, I got up and went over to Daniel’s office. His door was closed so I knocked. 
     “Come in.” He said, sounding only a little busy. I opened the door and poked my head in.
     “I finished.” I said, sounding childish. He smiled at me and urged me to come in. I did as he said and entered the room. I looked around and quickly observed the room. It was small but cozy. Daniel had a picture of a bunch of his old student’s on his desk along with a computer and a mug that said “World’s Greatest Teacher” on it. There were exactly seven pens in the cup that was on his desk. I looked around and noticed that a lot of things in this office were in groups of seven. He had exactly seven pictures in his office, seven plants, seven seats, including his own, there were a lot of sevens. I didn’t know whether this was weird or not. Daniel looked at me and clearly knew what I was thinking. 
     “I have a mild case of OCD, it’s a bitch.” I nodded and then smiled.
     “I see.” He had settled that for me so that was that. I walked up to him and handed him the paper I had filled out. He took it and smiled at me. I saw a few other applications in front of him and I frowned. He followed my gaze to the papers and he nodded in understanding. He picked up one of the applications and smiled as if something was funny. 
     “This guy hopes to be paid ten dollars an hour for being a waiter.” He chuckled and shook his head. I smiled, understanding what he was telling me. 
     “Thank you.” I said happily. He nodded and looked back down at his papers. 
     “I’ll be done in maybe thirty minutes. If you want to hang out around the restaurant you can and I’ll tell you what happens. If you leave though I’ll probably give you a call some time tomorrow.” I thought about it for a second; I didn’t have anything else I had to do so staying wouldn’t hurt me any. 
     “I’ll just stay here, I’ll order some lunch or something.” He nodded. 
     “Alright. I’ll come out and see you as soon as I’m done.” I nodded and walked to the door. 
     “Thank you.” He nodded and I left the room, closing the door behind me.
     I went back to my table and I ordered some food. I hadn’t eaten breakfast so I was hungry. I ate the sandwich I ordered and halfway through my meal, Daniel left his office and came out to see me. He approached my table and looked at me.
     “Do you mind?” He asked as he made a hand motion at the seat, indicating that he wished to sit down. I shook my head and swallowed my food.
     “Not at all.” I replied as I wiped my face off with a napkin, making sure I looked presentable. He smiled and sat down.
     “So,” he began, “I looked over all of the applications and yours by far is the most impressive. Of course we’ll have to have an interview but I liked what I saw on your application.” I smiled.
     “Thank you. Um, when do you want to do the interview?” I inquired. He shrugged.
     “Now, if that’s ok with you?” I paused for a second, thinking it over. I really despised job interviews but I knew it was a necessary part of getting hired so I bit the bullet and told him I’d do it now.
     “Um, yeah, I’ll do it now. Do you mean right this instant?” He shrugged.
     “Whatever you’re more comfortable with. If you want to go to my office we can or we can do it here.” I looked at my plate which still had a lot of food on it. I looked back at Daniel. 
     “Can I keep eating while we do it?” I paused and realized that this was kind of rude. I shook my head instantly. “Wait, no, I’m sorry! We can do it after.” I felt my cheeks turn red. Daniel smiled. 
     “You can keep eating. I need to grab a paper, I’ll be right back.” I flashed a grateful look his way and then he got up and left for his office. I scolded myself while he was gone. “He very well might be your boss and you’re not taking this seriously! Focus, Vanessa.” When he got back I pushed my plate to the side and he sat down. He rested his clipboard on the table and he looked at me. 
     “Alright,” he began, “So, why don’t you tell me about yourself.”
     “Tell you about myself?” I questioned. 
     “Yes, who are you? Give me an overview of who you are.” I nodded. “Here it goes.” I thought.
     “Well, I’m Vanessa Howell, daughter of Dominique Howell.”
     “Dominique Howell, the clothes designer?” He sounded shocked.
     “That’s correct.” He looked almost impressed.
     “I had no clue I had a celebrity wanting to work at my restaurant.” I immediately shook my head in protest.
     “No sir, I’m not a celebrity, I’m just a normal person.” He stared at me for a minute as if he was thinking something through. Finally he nodded.
     “Alright, fair enough. You may proceed.” 
     “Well, I graduated high school valedictorian and I’m in NHS and was on the Honor Roll in high school. I got a thirty-two on the ACT and a 2100 on the SAT. I maintained a 4.0 GPA all throughout high school.” He nodded, seemingly impressed. “I want to be a lawyer. I’m going to major in Government, and Economics and then I’m going to go to Law School so I can become a lawyer.”
     “And why are you interested in law?” I shook my head, not sure if I would be able to answer this question.
     “I… I don’t like injustice.” I mumbled. “I just want to make things right and put bad people where they belong.” He half smiled and nodded.
     “Alright, good. And you worked for a law firm, correct?” I nodded.
     “Yes. It was my family attorney’s law firm so he showed me the ropes.” 
     “Alright.” Daniel wrote something down and then he looked back at me. “So why did you leave your last job? Working with an attorney seems like it would benefit your academic pursuit more than working at a restaurant.”
     “I used to live in Durham but when I was accepted into Dartmouth College I had to move. I was unable to keep my job at the law firm because of my moving so I had to quit.” He frowned.
     “I’m sorry to hear that.” He sounded sincere. I shook my head. 
     “It’s fine, really.” Daniel wrote something down and then he looked back at me. 
     “So, what do you know about our company so far?” He asked. I froze, realizing I didn’t know much about it.
     “Well… um…” I looked at my food and then back at Daniel. I pointed at the food and began to speak. “You guys have really good chicken sandwiches.” He laughed and I looked down, knowing that was a dumb response. “No, but seriously, I know you’re a big restaurant company across America.” He still had a smile on his face from my previous remark.
     “And that’s it huh?” I nodded, almost ashamed.
     “Yes sir, if I’m going to be honest with you, I don’t know all that much about Denny’s.” He nodded and wrote something down.
     “Ok, you said you wanted to be a waitress.” 
     “That’s correct.”
     “Why are you interested in being a waitress?”
     “I’m interested in being a waitress because I feel it would be a good job to have while I’m attending college. I’m also interested in it because my roommate said that you take good care of your staff.” He smiled and nodded.
     “Well it’s nice to know that Sarah speaks well of me behind my back and not just in front of it.” I chuckled and nodded. He wrote something down and then his eyes returned to me.
     “Ok, this is the last question I have for you.” I nodded, grateful. 
     “What experience do you have being a waitress?” 
     “Well professionally, none. However, my family has a butler and I used to help him serve food and drinks when we would have a lot of guests over. I have some experience with waiting on people but it’s not professional experience.” Daniel nodded and then he wrote something down. When he was done, he looked at me and smiled. 
     “Well, Miss Howell, usually I would interview the other applicants before making a decision but in this case I don’t feel I have to.” I felt my cheeks rise as my mouth formed a smile. “Now I know you have college courses you are taking and you have a specific time marked down on how long you would like to work for and on what days you would do it.” I nodded.
     “Yes, weekdays from 7:00 p.m. to 3:00 a.m.” He looked at me hesitantly.
     “And you’re sure you can fit in your school work and your career?” He double checked. I nodded. 
     “Yes sir, I’ve done it before.” He nodded at me and slid out of the booth, clipboard in hand. 
     “Well, you’ll have to take a drug test but as far as I’m concerned, you got the job.” I smiled and nodded, more than willing to take the test. 
     “Thank you so much!” I exclaimed. He smiled and nodded.
     “I’ll go get the drug test for you, just take it and then bring it back to me and I’ll send it out. I’ll give you an official call once we get the drug test back.” I nodded.      
     “Thank you so much Daniel… er, Mr. M.! I can’t tell you how much I appreciate this!” He smiled and nodded. 
     “You’re welcome. Oh and, you can stick with Daniel, Mr. M. makes me sound old.” He joked. I chuckled and nodded.
     “I’ll take the test right away.” He nodded. 
     “Alright, let me go grab it for you.” He said as he walked away. I sat in silence for a moment, processing this. I couldn’t believe how fortuitous I was to have basically gotten a job on my second day in Hanover. Like Pablo had said, things were going to be different.
     Daniel returned a few minutes later with the drug test. He gave it to me, I finished eating, and then I went to the bathroom and took it. I then brought it back to Daniel and he took it from me. I left the restaurant after that and headed home.
     When I got home in the afternoon, no one was there so I began to read the book I was assigned in class today. I read until six in the afternoon, that’s when Sarah returned. When she got back, we talked and made some dinner. I would have to run to the store tomorrow and get some food for us. She had given me some money to do this and I had the same amount that I would chip in. We decided to keep it simple, Macaroni and Cheese, Ramen Noodles, Peanut Butter and Jelly. We didn’t have a stove but we had a microwave and a coffee pot; a lot can be done with a microwave and a coffee pot. While we ate dinner, I told her about my basically getting the job. We enthused over that a little bit and then she told me of a back to school party that was being held on Saturday night. She invited me to come but, as my mom had clearly stated, no parties. I was, in a way, embarrassed to tell Sarah of this rule. I was twenty years old for heaven’s sake, having to follow my mother’s rules was just downright degrading. So, I did what I was best at, I lied. I told Sarah that I wasn’t into parties, which was mostly true, and that I didn’t want to go. She accepted that and we spoke no more of the party. 
     When it came to be September 20th, I was growing impatient waiting for the drug test to return. Surely enough though, Daniel called me on that afternoon and told me the drug test had come in and that I got the job. I was thrilled and, in a way, excited to work. Daniel said that I had gotten the hours and days I wanted and that I would start my training tomorrow.
     So on the 21st of September, I went to my classes and then I attended my first day of work. I had training the first few days, it was pretty boring for the most part. Things started getting interesting when I actually started working. Being a waitress was harder than I had anticipated. Daniel had put me with a woman named Lynette who had been a waitress for many years; she taught me the ropes. Despite the challenge, I learned quickly under Lynette’s guidance. She was an expert and I only wished that I could get that good while working here. Since I wasn’t exactly a people person and I was new, the first few weeks were hard. This was one of the only times in my existence that I truly wished people would know who I was. For some reason, when I was in my work dress and apron and my hair was tied back in a bun, people couldn’t tell me apart from any other person in the world. I wished they would know who I was and, as horrible as this sounds, pay me more because of it. Working here I made a lot less money than I did when I worked at the law firm. I would have to change my budget and make it work with the new amounts of money I got. I could do it though, I would just have to get used to it. And I did.
     The first month at Dartmouth was an adjusting time, but by the beginning of October I felt like I had lived here my whole life. All of my classes were great. My professors were all great and helpful and the homework was good. The work they gave me wasn’t terribly hard but it was hard enough to keep my mind working. Being a waitress was getting better; I knew where all of my tables were now and I knew how to be more social. I was making a little more money than when I had first started but it still wasn’t what I was used to. I got by though, I was able to pay my first bills here and my mother had sent me a check in the mail that paid for half of it. I couldn’t help but be grateful to her, especially now that I was here in Hanover. Whether her intentions were good or not, I wouldn’t have been able to be here if it wasn’t for her support, at least not be here and be able to pay for everything. 
     Sarah had been right when speaking about Daniel, he was a really great guy and an even better boss. He was very nice to me and to everyone else at the restaurant for that matter. I couldn’t thank him enough for hiring me. As for Sarah and I, it turned out that I really did like her. She never asked me too personal of questions and when I told her stuff about myself she never argued with it or demanded that I explain myself. She talked a lot about all kinds of things, she was the person that held all of our conversations together. She didn’t seem to mind the fact that I relied on her talking, in fact, she seemed to like it. The only problem with her talking was that she did it a lot. She had a few select things that she talked about most often. The first thing was: art. Sarah could not talk enough about art and what she thought art was and what art should look like. It was actually very interesting because her art, in itself, was its own kind of knowledge. Where I studied books and actual knowledge, she found art to be the most intelligent thing in the world. At times, when Sarah spoke of the knowledge in art, I believed every word she said. Sarah had a way with words that I had never been able to grasp. Even more than her eloquent speaking was her artwork. She would stay up late and draw pictures of anything she could imagine and the drawings were good, really good. That was just one of the main things she spoke about. She was a great roommate as well as a great friend. The second thing was: parties. Now, don’t get me wrong, Sarah was a very good student. She was a free spirit as well though and she always seemed to be able to go out and socialize at parties. The way she spoke of them sometimes made me want to go just to see if the things she talked about really happened. I knew better than to disobey my mother though; the day I disobeyed Dominique she would know. So I avoided the parties Sarah so often told me about. They sounded like trouble most of the time anyway. There was always some form of drinking or drug use and I didn’t want to get sucked into that. I had so much going for me so I refused to ruin it all by becoming some alcoholic druggie. Sarah didn’t seem to become any of these things though. I had never once seen her high or drunk and she told me that she had never been drunk, she failed to mention anything about not getting high so I left that alone. The third thing Sarah talked about was: Victor. Now, to an extent I understood why Sarah was so crazy about this boy. He was a gorgeous man and he was mysterious. What I didn’t understand was why she spent so much time talking and so little time doing. She always talked about how she would love to talk to Victor and she spoke of how she would do it and what they would talk about. She seemed to have everything worked out except the whole doing it part. She could never work up the nerve to talk to him and every time she had a chance she chickened out. Victor came by the college a lot. I didn’t know why, he wasn’t enrolled at the school. I assumed that he maybe had friends at the college or was close to one of the professors. No matter what it was that brought him to the school campus, we saw him at least three times a week. Now, we never talked to him, the most I had done was give him a friendly smile or a “Good morning.” He had courtly replied, “Good morning,” and was on his way. I couldn’t tell how Sarah knew so much about the boy if she never talked to him. I was informed by her that Victor went to parties a lot and that is how she found out everything about him; Sarah admired him from afar. I would consider that to be stalking except she really wasn’t a stalker, she was just too shy to talk to the boy she had a crush on. Her crush on Victor seemed, to me, something that only happened in high school but, I’d been wrong before.
     As for my family, I made time every Saturday to call Pablo and tell him how I was doing and to hear how he was doing. The first few weeks had been especially hard on him. The phrase, “You can’t teach an old dog new tricks” applied to his situation. Pablo had grown so used to my company for so many years that he just couldn’t get out of the swing of how it used to be. After a few weekly calls, Pablo slowly started to get used to my calling once a week and that kind of helped him to drop our old morning habits. With my sister and mother, well, I didn’t hear so much as a peep from them. Pablo rarely mentioned them because he knew that I didn’t really care. I didn’t know why it bothered me that they never called or didn’t care about what I was doing; I never called them or cared about what they were doing. Sometimes I didn’t understand how my own mind worked.
     I had expected a visit from Dominique on October 16th but when the day came she didn’t show up. I wondered if she had forgotten about her visit. I didn’t really care if she came or not, what I didn’t like was the thinking she was going to come and then having her not. False anticipation bothered me and perhaps that’s why my mother said she would show up on the 16th and didn’t.
     On October 17th I mostly hung around the house doing homework. It was twelve in the afternoon and I was writing a paper. I was focused on my writing when I heard keys unlocking the front door and Sarah came in. She closed the door behind herself and walked over to the kitchen table. She dropped her keys on the table and grabbed a water bottle from the cupboard. She opened the bottle and began to gulp down the water. I looked at her and half smiled. 
     “Hey.” I greeted.
     “Hey.” She said as she wiped water from her face. “I hate work.” She complained. I nodded in understanding.
     “I know. It’s ok though, it’s the weekend.” I encouraged. She nodded and smiled. 
     “That it is.” She took a seat at the table and looked at me. “How’s your paper coming along?” I nodded.
     “Good, I just have a few more pages and then it’ll be done.” 
     “Did you hear from your mom at all?” She wondered. I shook my head.
     “No.” She frowned and shrugged.
     “She’s gotta come sometime, right?” “You don’t know my mom.” I thought. 
     “Yeah, she’ll show up eventually.” I said as I looked back down at my paper. 
     “Are you nervous to see her?” She asked. Sarah only knew that my mom and I didn’t get along, she didn’t know why we didn’t get along but she never asked. I had slipped once when she asked me to attend a party with her; I told her about my mom’s rules. She didn’t think too much of them, that led me to believe that her parents had made similar rules that she just refused to follow. I shook my head at her question.
     “No, I’m not too nervous. I haven’t broken any of her rules. I have kept my grades up and I haven’t attended any parties. I’m in the clear.” Sarah’s face instantly looked apologetic as if she was sorry in advance for something she was going to say.
     “Yeah, about that,” she said as she stood up and began to pace, “You see, Victor is having this social gathering tonight and I heard from Tom who heard from Reggie who heard from Amber that Victor wanted me to come to it.” I half smiled and put down my pencil. I looked over at Sarah with a sarcastic look upon my face. 
     “Oh really? Well I heard from Tom who heard from Reggie who heard from Amber that it was a no invitation party.” Sarah instantly blushed at my comment.
     “Oh, you heard about the party then?” I nodded.
     “It’s hard not to have.”
     “Well uh, I think I’m gonna go to it.” She said as she innocently held her hands behind her back. I shrugged. This was no surprise. 
     “Ok, have fun.” I said as I looked back at my paper. In the corner of my eye I could see Sarah drop her arms to her side and approach the table. She sat down on a chair and looked at me.
     “Vanessa, I have a favor to ask you.” I looked at her with a curious gleam in my eyes. 
     “Oh, and what might that be?” Sarah folded her arms in a defensive position. I leaned back in my chair and stared at her. “What?” I interrogated.
     “Well, you know how next week is my birthday?” She was hinting at something. 
     “Yeah.” 
     “Well, since I’m turning twenty-one next week, I was kind of thinking that maybe I would drink.” I shook my head right away. 
     “No.” I said clearly. She sighed and stood up. 
     “Don’t feed me all that law stuff about how I can’t drink yet. I know it’s still technically illegal but I…” I shook my head again, interrupting her.
     “I’m not going to feed you any laws.” I assured her. “It’s just, you’ve never drank before so I don’t think a college party is the best place to do it for the first time.” She nodded like she agreed.
     “I know that. That’s why I was kind of thinking that you could maybe come with me and be like my designated driver person.” “She wants you to babysit her.” I told myself. I shook my head.
     “No.” I replied simply. Sarah frowned.
     “Please Vanessa! My birthday is next week and this could be your present to me.” I scowled at her.
     “That’s not fair, you know that I already got you your present.” She frowned, hoping I had forgotten she knew.
     “Please Vanessa! Please, please, please, please, please! You know how much I like Victor and this is the best opportunity I’ve had so far at talking to him.” I shook my head.
     “I thought you like admiring from afar.” I said jokingly. She shook her head.
     “It’s time to take it up a notch and actually talk to him.” She sounded confident. I nodded.
     “Yeah it is, but I’m sure you can do it somewhere other than that party.”
     “No, it has to be at that party!” She argued. I shook my head.
     “Sarah, I can’t go to it with you. If my mom finds out it’s the end of my being here.” Sarah stared at me and she looked like she was in deeper thought than I was.
     “Well, technically, you wouldn’t be attending the party, you would be my designated driver. I just want to drink but I want to have a friend there when I do it so I don’t do anything stupid.” She looked at me with pleading eyes. I frowned and bit my lip. “She would do it for you.” I told myself. “But, then again, Sarah isn’t the one who will lose everything over one little mistake.” I tried to think it over. If I said no to this then Sarah and I might not get along as well as we do now. If I say yes to this she’ll probably consider us to be like sisters. On the other hand, is her friendship worth my schooling? I just knew that if I went to a party or anything like that my mom would find out; I didn’t know how she would know but she would. I felt really conflicted but I had made my decision.
     “What time does the party start?” I asked. Her frown immediately turned into a smile and she began to jump up and down.
     “Thank you, thank you, thank you!” She exclaimed. “Thank you so much Vanessa!” I half smiled at her and then she spoke again. “The party starts at eight.” I nodded.
     “Alright, I’ll be ready by then. We’re staying no later than twelve, ok.” She was too excited to even care about a curfew.
     “Ok. Thank you so much Vanessa, you won’t regret going!” I nodded sarcastically. 
     “I’m sure I won’t.” I lied.
































Chapter 4

     At seven forty-five Sarah and I were in my car driving to Victor’s uncle’s house. Victor lived with his uncle and was throwing the party there. I thought that to be a stupid place to throw a party considering his uncle was the chief of police, no one else seemed to care though. 
     Sarah was more excited than I had ever seen her. She had spent a good hour and a half getting ready; she looked pretty. She was wearing a dark blue cocktail dress; the dress was short and tight. Sarah’s signature party look was usually a cocktail dress that was short and tight. She had a lot of different colored ones she could choose from. She looked good in the blue one because it complimented her eyes. She wore pretty black heels that looked good with the dress. I told her to dress casual since she was going to drink but she insisted on looking pretty because tonight was apparently the night she would talk to Victor. I hadn’t dressed up at all. I wore blue jeans, flats and a tank top. Since it was cold outside I had put a sweatshirt on over my top. I looked like a hobo when standing next to Sarah; that didn’t matter to me though. I wasn’t going to impress anybody, just to take care of Sarah.
     “Thank you so much again, Vanessa, you don’t know how much this means to me!” I nodded.
     “This is the only time it’s ever going to happen, got it.” She nodded. “And I want you to know that I think drinking at this party is a bad idea.” She shook her head. 
     “Then don’t do it.” She said obviously. I had been patronizing her all afternoon about how dangerous drinking was and stuff so she didn’t want to hear any more on the subject.
     On the car ride to Victor’s house, which was twenty minutes away, Sarah told me her game plan on how she was going to talk to Victor. I listened, not believing she would follow through with it; I told her it was a good plan nonetheless.
     Pulling up to Victor’s house, I was overwhelmed with the size of it. There was a huge, old looking mansion on top of a hill. The mansion was made out of bricks and wood and it was beautiful. I wondered how old the house was, it looked like it was built in the mid to late 1800’s. I felt my mouth hanging open just a little. Sarah looked at me and smiled. 
     “It’s nice, huh.” She said as she looked up at it. I nodded.
     “You weren’t kidding when you said he was rich.” I muttered as I drove through the open gate and up the hill. She nodded. 
     “Sherriff Malorne’s family has owned this house for over one hundred years.” I shook off my awe of the house and I drove up to the parking lot. 
     The lot was full of cars and even from outside you could hear loud music and the shouting of people from inside the house. Sarah wore an excited smile but my face was empty. I didn’t know what to expect from this party but we would find out in a matter of minutes. We got out of the car and began to walk to the house. I had to slow my pace to walk by Sarah, she walked slow in her shoes. Her face was ecstatic as we approached the front door. All around there were people laughing and talking, dancing, eating and drinking, you name it. Though it had just started, it was already a full-fledged party. Sarah walked through the door like it was no big deal but I got this bad feeling about doing so. I felt a nervous tingle run up my spine; it was like something was telling me that this was a bad idea and I needed to go home. I disobeyed my common sense though and I entered the house.
     When we were both in the house the loud music was staggering. Sarah didn’t seem to think twice about it though. She looked at me and smiled. 
     “I’m gonna go find Victor, do you want to come?” She yelled over the music. I didn’t really want to watch her attempt to flirt with him so I shook my head. 
     “No, I uh, I’m gonna stay right here.” She frowned.
     “Well try to have some fun, you never do anything outside of school. Live a little. Meet a boy.” She ordered. I nodded unenthusiastically, trying to get her off my case.
     “Can do. You go talk to Victor.” She smiled.
     “Can do.” She replied as she turned around and walked away.
     When Sarah was gone I became very uncomfortable. There were a lot of people walking around and shoving past other people. I got shoved a few times where I was standing. I decided to move before I got shoved again and lost it. I found a corner that wasn’t crowded so I stood in it and began to look around for Sarah. I saw people talking, dancing, making out and drinking alcohol but I saw no Sarah. I didn’t see Victor either so I assumed that was why I couldn’t find Sarah.
     I stood in my corner for thirty minutes. By that time I had gotten used to the noise and the setting and I didn’t feel uncomfortable any more. I had gone and checked on Sarah twice but she hadn’t drunk yet. She was “Getting used to the setting,” as she had put it. I didn’t question her, I just went back to my corner and observed. I was that weird person at parties, the socially awkward wallflower. I didn’t mind not having anyone to talk to though, I didn’t really want to talk to anyone here anyway.
     After another twenty minutes of just standing there I was bored out of my wits. I was looking around for something to do but I just ended up people watching. “That person is having fun, that person is having fun, that person looks like he’s gonna throw up.” I thought as I looked at a man who was green in the face, no doubt from all of the alcohol he had consumed. I continued to look around when I saw Victor. He was talking with three of his guests but Sarah was not one of them. I had never really taken the time to admire Victor because of Sarah. She was so in love with him that I thought even allowing myself to check him out was a bad idea. Sarah was nowhere in sight though so I allowed myself a minute of self-indulgence. I looked at Victor and I couldn’t understand why Sarah hadn’t punched me in the face when I said he was “Alright.” I gave myself a mental slap. “No wonder she’s all over him.” I thought. “He’s… hot.” Along with Victor’s looks, he seemed nice. He was going around and checking on his guests and talking to them. He seemed like a perfectly nice guy but he was almost too good to be true. Good looks, good manners, wealth, there had to be something wrong with him, right? I stared at him for a few long moments and then I felt that same feeling I had gotten when I walked into the house. My spine tingled and I shivered. Victor instantly looked away from the people he was talking to and he scanned the room like he was looking for someone. He took in a deep breath and then he searched the room some more. “What is he doing?” I asked myself. “He looks like he’s… oh crap!” My heart nearly stopped when his eyes landed on mine. I had been staring at him and he knew it now. I quickly looked down and felt my face turn red. “Dammit, he saw me. Ah, I’m such a creeper! I wonder if he’s still looking?” I didn’t dare to look up at him. “Come on, just look.” I told myself. I hesitantly peeked my eyes up but I didn’t see him. I lifted my head all the way but Victor was no longer in his group of people. I frowned. “Ah man, I scared him off. Way to go!” 
     I found Sarah a few minutes after Victor had left; she had begun to drink. 
     “How are you?” I asked. She shrugged.
     “Well, I haven’t talked to him yet but I did have a drink.” She pointed at her cup. It was huge and the drink in it looked and smelled like a mix between strawberry lemonade and vodka. If it didn’t have vodka in it, I would have gotten myself one. “You know what?” She asked. She sounded a little tipsy, I had to try hard to refrain from giggling at her.
     “What?” I inquired. 
     “These shoes are really hard to walk in.” I laughed and shook my head. 
     “Give me your shoes.” I said as I held out my hand. Sarah handed me her drink and then she took off her shoes. We traded the items. “Stay here ok, I’ll be right back.” She nodded and I turned around and headed out to my car. I threw her shoes in my trunk and I grabbed out a pair of her flats I had taken just in case. I headed back into the house and gave her the shoes. She slipped them on and nodded.
     “That’s better. Thank you.” She said happily. I nodded and then she looked at her drink. “I think after one more of these I’ll be tipsy enough to actually talk to Victor.” I didn’t mention that she might not want to talk to Victor while she was tipsy, I just let her do her thing.
     When Sarah left I went back to my corner and, sadly, I began to watch for Victor. I was wondering if he had left because of me or because of something else; I feared it was because of me. I looked around but didn’t see Victor anywhere. I soon gave up on looking for him and I began people watching again. As far as I could tell, I was the only wallflower here, well, that was until I saw him. On the far right side of the room in the corner, there was a man standing in silence. He was interesting. This man, somehow, resembled Victor; it was a strong resemblance. The resemblance wasn’t in their looks though, they looked like two completely different people. I couldn’t tell why they were alike but I knew it was something. This man in the corner, he was as tall as Victor and just as muscular. He was probably about twenty or twenty-one years old. He had short, dark brown hair that looked messy; it was clean but styled to look messy. His hair was nice. He had relatively strong features, he had a squared chin and jaw, less squared than Victor’s so he looked a little younger. He had a seemingly perfect Roman nose. His eyebrows were thin but their dark color made them appear thicker than they were. He had medium size eyes that fit in well with his face shape and size. His eyes were a light brown color, they were pretty enough. His lips were perfect and a light pink color. His lips were pursed into a straight line and the man’s eyes were observant. He seemed like he was looking for something. The man wasn’t as beautiful as Victor but he was a close second. Since I would be a bad friend to check out Victor, I decided that looking at this guy would be acceptable. He wore a grey t-shirt and black jeans. He had a black button-up shirt on over the grey t-shirt; the shirt wasn’t buttoned up. His arms were crossed and he was leaning against the wall. He wasn’t making eye contact with anyone, at least he didn’t seem like he was. I was very tempted to go and talk to the man but I, like Sarah, was a chicken and preferred admiring from a distance.
     I stood in my corner and watched the man for a few minutes. He never made eye contact with anyone and he never spoke. It was weird and out of character but I wanted to talk to the man. I had just about figured out what I would say to him so I took a small step forward but someone interrupted me. A man cleared his throat and my intent gaze was broken. I looked to my left where the voice had come from. When I looked, I saw a familiar face, not necessarily one I wanted to see though. The person who had interrupted me was the guy Sarah and Daniel had been talking about on my first day here; it was James. I stared at him and instantly felt creeped out. He had a very angular face, it was kind of triangular. His eyes were big and brown, they were pretty but empty. He had a pointed nose that was kind of small for his face. He had thin eyebrows and light brown hair; his hair was curly and short. His lips were small and a reddish color. He was about 5’10” and was super skinny. He wore a dark green sweater and black jeans. It wasn’t the way he looked that creeped me out, it was just knowing who he was that creeped me out. 
     “Hello.” He said shyly. If I had to choose one person to not talk to all night, it probably would have been James. “Damn Vanessa, that’s cold.” I told myself. I looked at him and felt bad for him and bad for thinking what I had thought. I smiled at him, getting passed the condescending part of myself.
     “Hello.” I said kindly.
     “I’m James.” He held out his hand. I begrudgingly shook his hand.
     “Vanessa.” 
     “I know who you are.” He said quickly. “Vanessa Howell, you’re the daughter of…” 
     “Dominique Howell, yes.” He stared at me with his big eyes and I felt uncomfortable trapped back in my corner.
     “I saw you standing here and you looked lonely so I thought I would come and talk to you.” He explained. I nodded.
     “Oh um, I guess I kind of give off that lonely vibe. I’m good though.” I promised.
     “How come you’re alone?” He questioned me. I shrugged.
     “I just don’t really like parties.” I admitted.
     “Why are you here then?” “Oh my gosh, just stop with the questions!” 
     “Um, I’m here with a friend.” His eyes lit up and a small smile formed on his face.
     “Sarah.” “Oh man, he is a stalker.” I thought.
     “Um, yes.”
     “What is she doing?” I shook my head.
     “Um, I’m not really sure.” I said as my eyes uncontrollably shifted over to the man in the corner of the room. He was now looking directly at Victor who was entering the room. He looked focused like he was trying to hear something someone was saying. I got caught in a trance looking at the man when James’ voice pulled me out of it for a second time.
     “Who are you looking at?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “Oh, uh, I was looking to see if Sarah was in here.” I lied. He nodded in understanding.
     “Do you want some food?” James asked. I shook my head. 
     “Um, no thank you, I ate before I came.”
     “What about a drink?”
     “Um, do they have any drinks that don’t have alcohol in them?” I hoped. I was actually quite thirsty but I refused to drink any open substances. He shrugged.
     “I don’t know, I can go check the kitchen for you and bring you back a water bottle if you want.” I thought about it for a moment. I could let him grab me a drink but I had a hard time trusting strangers. I might have been paranoid but I didn’t want anyone around any drinks of mine without my being present. I had worked on too many date rape cases with our family attorney to leave drinks unattended to. 
     “Um, yeah, let me go with you and we can find a water bottle or something.” He nodded and we headed for the kitchen. They had closed water bottles so I gratefully grabbed one and held it tight in my hand. I unscrewed the lid and drank a few gulps of water. James continued to talk about stuff and after twenty minutes I had finished the water bottle and grabbed another one. I didn’t get a chance to open this one because while I was getting ready to open it, some glass broke in the other room. I jumped at the loud noise, dropping my bottle. I bent down to pick it up but there was yelling coming from the room. I picked up the bottle and put it on a table and then I ran into the other room. The music had stopped and Victor and the man I had seen earlier were staring at each other. They both looked enraged, the unknown man more so. 
     “Get out of here.” Victor demanded. The other man shook his head.
     “No.” He said plainly. “I know what you’re doing and I’m not just going to stand around and let you do it.” Victor looked like he was ready to rip the man’s head off.
     “You leave right now or I won’t hesitate to call Nichole and tell her where you are.” The man’s face and body grew tense and he looked around the room. His eyes stopped on me and they looked scared, whether they were scared because of the previous threat or because of something else, I wasn’t sure. He frowned at me and then he looked at Victor.
     “I’m leaving.” He said as he stood up straight and turned around. Victor said nothing as the man exited the house. When he was gone, everyone looked at Victor and then he shook his head. 
     “Sorry everybody. That guy was trying to steal some stuff, it’s all resolved now. Sorry for the inconvenience.” He nodded at the DJ and a few moments later the music began again and people began to speak and dance. I watched Victor carefully as he stared at the front door and shook his head. He ran his fingers through his hair and turned around and began to talk again. I was watching him when James began to speak.
     “Well that was weird.” He said. I had forgotten all about him so his voice scared me. I jumped and turned around to face him. He half smiled at me and I flashed a fake smile back at him.
     “Yeah, it was. Um, one second.” I said. My throat was dry so I went back to retrieve my water. I couldn’t stop thinking about Victor and the man. “What did he mean by, ‘I know what you’re doing?’ What is Victor doing?” I thought. I shook my head and grabbed my water off of the table. I looked around, wondering if Sarah had seen that. I decided it was time to check on her so I took my water with me and began to search for her. 
     I shoved my way through people and looked for Sarah. She had to be around here somewhere. When I was done scouting the whole downstairs I took a break and drank some water. I had no clue where she could have gone off to. In the living room were two flights of stairs leading to the second floor. “I suppose she could have gone upstairs.” I didn’t see anyone else going up the stairs and I didn’t see anyone up there. I was debating whether or not I should go and check for her. “If she was drunk enough, I’m sure she could have gone up there looking for a bathroom or something. I didn’t feel ok just going up there though, so I looked around for Victor for a few minutes so I could get his permission. While searching for Victor some kid bumped into me and spilled his whole cup of strawberry lemonade and vodka drink on me. I gasped and he looked at me and laughed. He was drunk so laughing was the most intelligent thing he could do at the time. I glared at him and he stumbled off to the kitchen to get another drink. I stood there and attempted to get the ice off of myself and out of my hair. It was no use trying to clean up, I would do it at home. 
     After the lemonade incident, I decided to just go and check upstairs, I was tired, sticky, smelly and I really wanted to go home. I went into the living room and up the stairs and I began to search the rooms. 
     “Sarah.” I said sleepily. “Sarah, come on, I want to go home.” I yawned and realized that I was really tired. 
     After a few more minutes of searching the upstairs I lost interest in finding Sarah. “She’ll show up when she’s ready to go home.” I told myself. “Yep, she’s probably fine.” I felt another yawn escape my mouth. My eyes were trying to force their way shut. I shook my head. “I’m just gonna lay down.” I thought, not thinking clearly. “She’ll find me later.” I wandered into a room and I looked at the unoccupied bed. I looked at the clock and it said 10:30. “They’ll wake me up when the party is over.” The bed looked so tempting so I walked over to it and I laid down. The moment I hit the bed I was asleep. 
     Though I didn’t know it then, I had been roofied. I should have known better than to have drank that water after leaving it there. I was so caught up with what had happened between Victor and the man and then finding Sarah that I had forgotten my own rule: Don’t drink anything that has been out of your sight. My rule didn’t matter anymore because I was unconscious and there was nothing I could do.
_____________________________________________________

     I had originally intended to end the party around one or two a.m. but because of the previous events of the evening I didn’t feel like entertaining people any more. So at 11:30 I ended the party and was getting people to leave. “I would have accomplished my goal and had a few vampires if it wasn’t for… ugh! What does it matter anyway? I’ll just make the vampires some other time.” I had been thinking about calling Nichole all night long but a small part of me didn’t want to do that. “I could tell Nichole that he was here… but then she would be getting her way. The guy didn’t really do anything to her anyway. Would she kill me if she knew I knew he was here and didn’t report it?” I sighed. “I’ll deal with it later.” I told myself.
     I hadn’t intended on having alcohol here tonight, I wanted people sober so I could talk to them and figure out who was smart and who wasn’t. Someone had spiked the lemonade pitcher though so by the end of the evening I had quite a few drunks in the house. The only reason I had thrown the party was to try and pick a few people to bring back to Nichole. “So much for that plan.” I thought. For the people who were too drunk to walk, I got some of Arnold’s staff to drive them home. The drunkest one was that girl from Dartmouth, Sarah. She had come up to me and started telling me that she was in love with me and stuff. I figured she wouldn’t remember anything she said tomorrow; I wouldn’t mention anything to her the next time I saw her in order to spare her feelings. I felt bad for the girl, she was so drunk. I shook my head at the thought and I walked up the stairs. When at the top of the stairs I heard talking. I listened in to hear what was going on.
     “Oh, there’s one.” A man said. Another man chuckled.
     “There’s always some dumb ass chick that passes out at these things.”
     “What do we do?” A third man asked.
     “The guy who owns the place was clearing people out. Either do what you’re gonna do with her or we’ll take her with us.” I knew exactly what was going on up there. I ran to the room they were in and got there in half a second. I looked in the room and saw three men crowded around a girl that was passed out on the bed. I interrupted them before they could even touch her. 
     “Hey.” I said loudly. They all turned around and looked at me, surprised. “I’m having people clear out, I’m gonna have to ask you to leave.” I had no patience for people like them. The one that seemed to be the leader of their group stepped out toward me. 
     “Oh, yeah, we’re leaving, we just had to get my sister here. She passed out.” I glared at them, willing to give them a chance. 
     “Oh, are you sure about that?” The leader nodded. 
     “Of course.” I shook my head. 
     “Empty your pockets.” I ordered. The man, constrained, emptied out his pockets and I saw a bottle full of roofie pills. I shook my head, disgusted with this guy. “Have you ever roofied a girl?” I interrogated. He nodded. 
     “All the time.” He replied.
     “Do you hurt the girls you drug?” I wanted to be sure. He nodded again.
     “Why else would I drug them?” I scowled, disgusted at this guy. 
     “Hold on.” I told him. He was perfectly silent as I looked at the other guys; they looked terrified. “Empty your pockets.” They did as I told them to; they had nothing but cell phones and condoms inside. I looked at them. “Have you guys ever roofied a girl?” They both shook their heads. I was constraining them so whatever I asked or told them, they had to answer or do. 
     “No.” One of them replied. The other said the same. I nodded at them. I looked back at the leader and took the bottle from him. I opened it and poured the drugs into the palm of my hand. I took one and gave it to the guy. 
     “Ok, so I want you to go home and take this, alright. Your buddies here are gonna go with you.” He nodded and I pat his back. He left the room and began to walk out of the room and down the stairs. I looked at the other two guys. “You two go home with him and when he passes out from that roofie he took, why don’t you go ahead and cut off his balls. You can use whatever, a knife, a pair of dull scissors, a spoon, I don’t give a crap. Just make sure he gets the message not to hurt vulnerable women ever again. After you do that, go home and forget this conversation.” They nodded. “And guys.” I said before they could leave. “Don’t ever try to rape a woman again, got it.” They nodded and I dismissed them. They all left and I shook my head, even more aggravated than I had been earlier. I went to the bathroom and poured the pills into the toilet. I flushed it and I walked over to the bed where the girl was. She was lying on her stomach so I had no clue who it was. I sat down on the edge of the bed, put my hand on her shoulder and gently rolled her over. When I saw her face I instantly knew who it was. “Vanessa Howell.” She was covered in one of the beverages from the party. It had mostly gotten on her clothes but there was some on her face and in her hair. I stared at her and battled with my thoughts. “Nichole needs smart people and this girl is as smart as they get.” I didn’t want to turn her now; Vanessa was unconscious and vulnerable. “If I turn her, how much better am I than those men who tried to rape her? I’m not any better.” I stared at her and thought about it. “I only have one vampire though and it’s been a month already. I need to do this.” I exhaled deeply and I put both of my arms under her arms and I pulled her close to me. She barely stirred while I moved her. I grabbed her and wrested her in my lap like a child. I propped her head up so that it was level with mine. I frowned. “Smart people.” I told myself. I slowly moved my mouth to her neck and as I rested my teeth on her soft skin she moved and a heartbroken look overcame her face. I pulled back from her as words escaped her drowsy mouth.
     “Don’t hate me.” She cried. I felt my heart break and I sighed in defeat.
     “I don’t hate you.” I said. I knew she wasn’t talking to me but I answered her anyway. “I just need smart people is all. Maybe if you were stupid I wouldn’t have to turn you.” I was simply trying to justify my turning her but it made it worse when I tried to justify it. I looked at her and felt my heart melt. This girl was very pretty, I hadn’t noticed before but she was beautiful. It wasn’t a fake beauty that she had, it was actual beauty, the kind that was rare. She had a round face shape that made her look innocent and young. She had a Celestial nose that was beautiful. Her lips were small and delicate, they were a fantastic natural red color. Her eyebrows were soft and thin. Though I couldn’t see the color of her eyes at the time, I could see the shape of them. She had normal sized eyes though they were leaning toward large on the scale. Her hair was a mahogany color and it was long, down below her shoulders. The smell of her blood was the best part of it all though. She smelled warm and sweet, I dared not think about it too much because I didn’t want to give into any temptations of tasting her blood. This girl was so enticing and so beautiful; I couldn’t turn her into a vampire and make her Nichole’s slave.
     I sat on the bed holding Vanessa for what felt like hours when, finally, I heard a car door slam outside. I figured it was Arnold getting home. I begrudgingly lifted my face from her head and my nose left her hair. I didn’t want to let her go but I needed to go constrain Arnold not to be angry about the messy house. So I laid Vanessa down on the bed and I wrested her head on the fluffy pillow. I then took the blankets and covered her up so she wouldn’t get cold. I got off of the bed and walked over to the doorway. I looked back at the sleeping girl and I smiled to myself. “I’m going to make this girl mine.” I told myself.
_____________________________________________________

     I woke up at ten a.m. on Sunday, October 18th, 2015. I blinked open my eyes and I looked up at the ceiling. “This isn’t my ceiling.” I thought. I looked to my right and to my left. “This isn’t my room.” I sat up and looked around. The lights were off and the blinds were closed so it was really dark in here. This room didn’t look familiar at all. I felt myself panic and I began to shake.  
     “Where am I?” I whispered. I closed my eyes and thought hard. The last thing I remembered was Victor and that man fighting and then I was looking for Sarah. I shook my head and slid out of bed. I looked down at myself and saw that I was still in all of my clothes. That meant a little but not a whole lot. Something covered my whole body and it smelled heavily of sour strawberries and alcohol. I didn’t even want to know what it was. I looked around the room and shook my head. “Am I at Victor’s house?” I wasn’t entirely sure of anything. I didn’t feel sore or dizzy or anything so I walked over to the door and opened it. The bright light of the sun hit my eyes and I closed them right away. I slowly blinked and when my eyes were adjusted I began to look around. I saw stairs at the right end of the hallway and stairs at the left end of the hallway; both flights of stairs lead down. I walked over to the one on the left and I walked down the stairs. I felt scared and confused and I hoped that Victor or his uncle knew I was here.
     When down the stairs, I walked into the living room and looked around. There was no one here. 
     “Hello.” I said with a shaky voice. I cleared my throat and tried again. “Is anybody home, please.” A moment later, Victor walked in from a different room and he looked at me. The worry must have been obvious on my face because he immediately began to explain.
     “I’m Victor, Vanessa.” He said. I nodded.
     “I… I know. I’m so sorry, I just…” He shook his head and approached me. 
     “Don’t be sorry.” He said. He put his right hand on my back and led me into the room he had come from.
     This new room was the kitchen. Victor and I walked over to the table and he sat me down and went to get me some coffee. I stared at him as he poured the coffee. 
     “We’re at your house, right?” I questioned. He nodded and brought me the coffee, a few packs of sugar and a bowl of cream. He placed the items before me and he sat down at the table.
     “Yeah, we’re at my uncle’s house which is my house.” The smell of coffee was already waking me up. I wanted to drink it but I had a lot of questions I wanted to cover beforehand. I looked at Victor with a serious gaze. 
     “I’m so sorry, I… I don’t know what happened last night. I swear I didn’t get drunk or anything.” He shook his head and held out his hands. 
     “I know. Um, you got roofied and passed out on that bed.” I felt my heart stop and I was terrified of what I would hear next. “You passed out on the bed and then some guys were uh… they were going to take advantage of you but I got rid of them. You’re ok, you weren’t hurt or even touched.” I felt a sigh of great relief escape my mouth. If I was ever to cry, now would be the time I would do it. I composed myself though and looked at him. “When the men left I tucked you into bed.” He concluded. 
     “Thank you.” I whispered. He nodded and stood up. 
     “Of course. Please, drink your coffee.” I looked at the drink and then I did as he said. I fixed it up how I liked it and I gulped it down thirstily. As I drank, I watched Victor prepare food. As I looked at him I thought of Sarah and I nearly dropped my coffee. I set it down on the table to avoid any incidents and then I stood up.
     “Victor, I need to go, my friend Sarah…” 
     “Is safe at home. She was really drunk last night so I had one of our maids drive her home.” I smiled gratefully at him.
     “I’m so sorry to have caused you trouble.” I apologized. He shook his head.
     “It’s not your fault.” I frowned and shook my head. 
     “I went with Sarah to the party last night because she wanted to drink but she had never done it before. I was supposed to watch her.” 
     “It’s not your fault those guys did what they did.” I felt an anger build up inside of me and I looked at him. 
     “Who were they?” I demanded. Victor shook his head.
     “They didn’t say. I got to them right before anything happened to you and then they took off.” I bit my lip and clenched my fists. 
     “I’m sorry, but, did one of them have curly brown hair?” Victor shook his head. 
     “No, none of the men that drugged you did. There was a guy with curly hair that offered to drive Sarah home but I told him no.” I nodded. 
     “Oh, ok.” We were silent after that. A few minutes later Victor brought me a plate of food.
     “You should eat.” He instructed. I nodded and he gave me a fork. I began to pick up the eggs he had made and eat them. As I ate I talked.
     “How uh, how drunk was Sarah last night, do you know?” He froze and thought of what to say.
     “Well, she was very… talkative.” I chuckled. 
     “That’s how she normally is.” Victor nodded as if he was holding something back. I stared at him and tilted my head. “What’d she do?” I was worried that she broke something. Victor shook his head.
     “Nothing really. It’s ok, I promise.” I wanted to know what she did but I didn’t want to force him to tell me when he clearly didn’t want to. I dropped that subject and I ate the rest of my food. 
     Usually if I was sitting with someone and we were silent I would feel awkward but I didn’t feel weird about not talking today. Victor didn’t seem to mind either. When I was done with my food, Victor took my plate and put it in the sink. He looked back at me.
     “One of the beverages from last night must have gotten spilled on you.” He muttered. I looked down at myself and then back at him.
     “That’s what this is.” I whispered. He chuckled and nodded. 
     “Yeah. There’s a shower in the room that you slept in. If you want you can go and wash up.” He offered. I sat there for a moment and considered his offer. I really wanted to wash up but I didn’t know if using his shower would mean my overstaying my welcome. “He offered.” I told myself. “Just go wash up and then you can pay him for his trouble and go home.” I thought that was a good plan so I agreed. 
     “If it’s ok with you I will go wash up.” He nodded. 
     “Of course.” I stood up and exited the kitchen. I walked up the stairs and back into the room I had slept in. The sticky drink was all over the covers and bed sheets. I blushed, embarrassed and I walked over to the bathroom door. Out of habit I knocked and when no one answered I entered. I walked in and closed and locked the door behind myself. I looked around. The bathroom was nice; it was clean, pretty and big. I looked at the shower and walked over to it. I turned on the water and then I stripped and stepped in. 
     I was so sticky so it felt amazing to wash the stuff out of my hair and off of my body. I tried not to take too long in the shower, I just washed my hair and body with soap and then I got out. I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around myself. I hadn’t really thought through my clothing arrangements. My clothes were dirtier than I had been. “I suppose I could wear the tank top and jeans.” I thought. As I went over it in my head, I heard a knock on the door. 
     “Vanessa, I brought some clothes for you to wear. I don’t know how they’ll fit but you can just wear them until you get home and then you can change.” I nodded to myself, thinking that would work. 
     “Sure, thank you.” I said gratefully. I heard footsteps and then a few moments later I heard the bedroom door close. I waited a few more seconds to leave the bathroom and head out to the room. I finally opened the door and walked into the bedroom, holding on to my towel that was wrapped around me. I grabbed the pile of clothes off of the bed and I returned to the bathroom. I put on my undergarments and then I slid on the clothes Victor had left for me. He left me sweatpants and a t-shirt. The pants had a string that went around the waist; I was able to tighten them to fit me. The shirt was too big but only by a size. It would do nicely to get home in. As I slipped on the shirt a captivating aroma filled my nose; it was Victor’s smell. Of course the shirt was clean but it still smelled like him, amazing. I tried to refrain from smelling it again but I couldn’t help myself. I took in another deep sniff and I felt a shiver run up my spine. A smile formed on my face and I stood there for a long minute. When I realized what I was doing I snapped out of it and shook my head. “Vanessa, stop being weird!” I commanded myself. 
     When I was dressed I looked in the mirror and cringed at the sight of my face. My makeup had smeared everywhere and I looked like a clown. I grabbed some toilet paper to wipe it off with but then I began to think. “If I wipe it off then I will have to leave without makeup. If I leave it on though I’ll look like a scary person.” Though both of these options weren’t ideal, I went with the more sensible one. I wiped off all of my makeup and rinsed off my face. 
     When I fixed my face I brushed through my hair with my fingers and I tied it back with a rubber band that was in a drawer. When I was presentable I picked up my dirty laundry and I exited the bathroom and bedroom. I went down the stairs and searched for Victor. 
     “Hey, Victor.” I hollered. 
     “In the kitchen.” He replied. I nodded to myself and entered the room. Victor was standing over by the fridge getting a water bottle from it. I walked over to the table and took my previous spot. He, water bottle in hand, walked over to me and gave me the bottle. “That’s for if you get thirsty.” I smiled at him and took it.
     “Thank you.” I said. 
     “Can I get you some more coffee?” He asked. I nodded. 
     “If you don’t mind.” He smiled and took my mug over to the machine. As it brewed the cup of coffee I spoke. “So, I have some cash in my car to pay you for your troubles.” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “You don’t need to pay me.” He reassured. I frowned and nodded.
     “No, I do. I slept here, got your bed sheets dirty, showered, ate, drank, I owe you guys some money.” 
     “Well we’re not exactly the Hilton Hotel so we don’t expect any money. When there are big parties having one person pass out at your house is always expected.” I blushed and shook my head.
     “I’m so embarrassed about that!” I admitted. He shook his head and grabbed the coffee cup. He approached me and set the coffee before me.
     “You couldn’t have known that someone would drug you so don’t be embarrassed.” I nodded a little and began to prepare my coffee.
     Victor had sat down at the table and we were silent for a minute. I allowed myself to peek up at him every few minutes and every time he looked like he was deep in thought. Finally, while I was drinking my coffee he spoke of what was on his mind.
     “So,” he began, “Last night when I was tucking you in to bed you said something.” I felt my face drop. I hardly ever talked in my sleep, but when I did, it was always super personal stuff that I would never say when I was conscious. I looked down at my coffee and spoke.
     “Oh, uh, what did I say?” I wondered, not entirely sure I wanted the answer. 
     “You said, ‘Don’t hate me.’ Who were you talking about?” “Dammit Vanessa! You had to go off and ask him what you said.” I bit my lip and looked at him. 
     “It’s uh, it’s kind of complicated.” I said truthfully. He nodded. 
     “You aren’t going to tell me?” He sounded a little let down. I shook my head. 
     “No, I’m not, not right now at least. I uh, I actually should be getting home so I can check on Sarah and make sure she’s not dead.” He chuckled and stood up. I stood up too and he took a step forward. 
     “Well then, you’ll have to tell me some other time.” I nodded. 
     “Sure.” He made a motion at the front door with his head. 
     “Come on, I’ll walk you to your car.” I smiled and we headed for the car. I looked at him while we walked.
     “Thank you again for everything. I’m sorry to have burdened you.” He laughed and shook his head.
     “No, you’re not a burden at all.” I unlocked my car and he opened the door for me. I slid into the car and buckled up. He looked into the car and smiled at me. “I’ll see you around.” He said this as more of a question than a fact. I nodded.
     “Yeah.” He smiled at me and closed the door. I started the car and watched him walk back to the house. When he got to the porch, he looked back at me and I could swear he smiled. He then turned around and went into his house. I couldn’t help but smile as well. “He saved your ass.” I reminded myself. “You owe Victor Malorne big time.”  

















Chapter 5

     I got back to the dorms at twelve in the afternoon. I wondered if Sarah was sleeping or if she was up. I was really worried for her and I was also kind of worried that she would be mad at me. I parked the car in the lot and then I grabbed my dirty clothes and headed to my room. When I got there I unlocked the door and stepped inside. The smell of coffee filled my nose and I looked over at the table. Sarah was sitting at the table with her arms crossed and her head in her arms. When I closed the door Sarah looked up. She looked like she was experiencing a bad hangover. When she saw me she quickly got up and stumbled over to me. 
     “Vanessa, I am so, so sorry!” She said frantically. “I never should have made you go, I’m sorry.” I shook my head. 
     “It’s ok, we all make mistakes, mine was going.” She shook her head like she was apologizing for something bigger than what happened at the party. A short second later the bathroom door unlocked and someone exited the room. I quickly turned around to see who it was and my heart stopped when I saw her. My mother stood in our bathroom doorway with her hands on her hips. Her blue eyes pierced through me like an arrow. She looked from me to Sarah and then back to me.
     “I got here an hour ago and your roommate told me that you had gone out for a run. Well, I might have believed her if I knew you weren’t so lazy.” Her words instantly frustrated me and I stood up straighter and crossed my arms. “Where were you, and don’t you dare lie to me.” I was going to lie to her but if I did and I got caught doing it she would destroy me. So, I told her the truth.
     “I was at a friend’s house.” 
     “And why were you there?” She interrogated with an icy voice.
     “I… passed out last night and had to stay at the house.” The corner of Dominique’s mouth twitched like she was trying to hold back a triumphant smile.
     “Passed out?” I nodded.
     “I was drugged.” I could see Sarah’s face in the corner of my eye and it looked terrified, much like I had felt this morning.
     “Drugged? Now why were you drugged at a friend’s house?” 
     “Because it was a… it was a party.” Her eyes grew thinner as she glared at me and her lips were pursed. This was my mother’s angry look, I had grown quite used to it as a child so right now, I knew it meant that I was in big trouble.
     It was silent for several long, torturous seconds before my mother began to speak.
     “I am helping you pay for your schooling.” She said every word slowly and carefully so that I would understand her. “I feel that is very generous. My generosity only had a few rules coinciding with it, they were, keep your grades up and no going to parties. Now I told you that I would be coming by in a month to check on you and what do I come to find? You coming home from someone’s house at twelve in the afternoon because you ‘were drugged.’ ” Sarah took a step forward in my defense.
     “Vanessa didn’t want to go to that party, I swear. I made her come. I was going to drink and she was going to be my designated driver.” My mom looked at Sarah and I felt bad for her. 
     “Vanessa does not need to be defended by some hungover deadbeat roommate.” Sarah looked very insulted and hurt by my mother’s comment. I glared at her wanting more than anything to yell at her. “If Vanessa was going to that party to be your designated driver then why is she the one showing up a day later?” She hissed. Sarah looked like she was going to cry. Dominique looked back at me and she was pissed. “You disobeyed me.” She said loudly. “I told you no parties and you went to one. As for your promiscuousness, I…”
     “Whoa, whoa, whoa! Promiscuousness?” She motioned at my clothes.
     “Well you were out all night at a party and you came home this morning in a man’s clothes. I didn’t feel the need to tell you that no sleeping around was on my list of rules; the way guys think of you I didn’t feel there was a need to mention anything.” I felt my jaws clench and my hands tightened into fists.
     “I was not sleeping around.” I said slowly and threateningly. “I don’t take after my mother in that department.” Her mouth fell open and her eyes grew wide with embarrassment, anger and shock.
     “Excuse me!” She screamed.
     “You heard me!” I retorted. “I am so sick of you! I’m twenty years old Dominique, I’m not a kid any more. I’ll be dammed if I stand around and let you treat me like I’m twelve. I am an adult and you are going to treat me like one.” She laughed.
     “As long as my money is being invested into you and your failure of a career you might as well be twelve years old.” I dug my fingernails into my skin and felt blood trickle down my hand. 
     “Then go.” I hissed. “Take your money and get the hell out of here, I don’t want anything to do with it.” My voice grew louder as I began to speak again. “Why don’t you take that money you were going to help me out with and go spend it on your favorite child who hasn’t worked a day in her whole damn life. Or wait, better yet, why don’t you take the money and shoved it up your ass.” My mom was enraged and I knew she wanted to hit me for that last comment. She would have hit me if it was not for Sarah standing right there being a witness to this. We all stood in silence and then my mother, in a calmer voice, spoke.
     “Vanessa, you will not last one day without my help. You won’t get anywhere without my money.” I shook my head, disagreeing. 
     “I will find a way to make it without your help even if it takes every spare second of every day I will make it work. I don’t want anything to do with you or your damn money. So, with that being said, leave. Get out of my dorm room and don’t come back.” I ordered. She stood still for a few seconds and then she smiled. She slowly walked passed me and to the door. She opened it and looked back at me. 
     “When I get home I will be sure to stop paying for everything. In a few months, when you realize that you can’t make it without me, that you can’t do what you think you can do, you come and apologize to me and maybe, just maybe, I will feel gracious and will help you again.” I shook my head surely.
     “Don’t count the days.” She flashed a smug smile in my direction and then she left the dorm room, quietly closing the door behind herself. 
     When Dominique was gone Sarah and I were left in silence and confusion. I considered looking over my shoulder to see if she was even still here but I knew that if she was, looking at her would only bring on a million questions that I really didn’t have the patience to answer at the moment. I stood there for half a minute and when Sarah still didn’t say anything I decided I would look. I turned around and sure enough, she was standing right there with an opened mouth and a confused face. I flashed her an apologetic look and then she kind of snapped out of her confusion.
     “I am so sorry Vanessa.” She whispered slowly. “I had no clue that…” I shook my head and held out my hand. 
     “It’s fine. I’m sorry for what she said to you.” Sarah looked down as if she had just remembered the cruel things my mother had said to her. She looked up a second later and looked at me with gleaming eyes. 
     “I never should have made you come to that party with me. You told me that you weren’t allowed but I never thought that she would be like that.” I nodded.
     “That’s just how she is.” I said honestly. “It’s really not your fault, I should have known better than to have gone.”
     “I made you go.” She insisted. I ran my hand through my hair and shook my head.
     “I’m really not in the mood to argue with anyone about this Sarah so if you want to think this is all your fault than sure, it’s all your fault. I’m telling you though, it’s not your fault.” She frowned and I walked passed her to the kitchen. There were a few dishes in the sink so I turned on the water and began to wash them. I heard footsteps behind me as Sarah approached me. 
     “I want to help you.” She said quietly.
     “With the dishes?” I questioned as I looked over my shoulder at her. She shook her head.
     “No, with paying for college.” I looked back in front of myself and I sighed. Sarah and her family weren’t rich and they didn’t have a lot of money; the extra money they did have went into Sarah’s schooling. She was barely getting by herself so she couldn’t help me financially no matter how much she wanted to. I turned off the water so that we could hear each other. 
     “Sarah, you’re barely getting by yourself, you need to spend your money on your schooling.” I looked at her; she had teary, guilty eyes. 
     “Please let me help you.” She begged. As tempted as I was to actually let her help me, I couldn’t let her. So I shook my head.
     “No, I’ll be fine.” I promised. She didn’t look like she was ready to give up on trying to help me but she dropped the subject for now. 
     As we stood there, Sarah looked at my clothes and she got tense.
     “What exactly happened to you last night?” She wondered. I looked down at my shirt and pants and then I looked at her.
     “Well… how drunk were you when Victor and that guy started yelling at each other?” She looked puzzled at what I had just said.
     “I don’t remember that.” I nodded.
     “Ok, well, Victor and this guy started yelling at each other about something that happened and then Victor kicked him out of the house. Anyway, after that I went to go and check on you and make sure you were ok. Shortly after I started looking for you I got really tired and I fell asleep upstairs in one of the bedrooms. Well, I woke up this morning and I had no clue where I was or what was going on. I found Victor downstairs and he told me that I was drugged by some guys.” Sarah looked worried.
     “Were you ok?” I nodded.
     “Victor said they didn’t do anything to me, he scared them off.” Sarah crossed her arms and stood up a little straighter in a defensive stance.
     “Did he say anything to you?” She asked. I stared at her, not understanding what she was getting at.
     “Say anything to me about what?” She shrugged and slouched out of her defensive stance.
     “Anything about me.” I bit my lip and shook my head slowly.
     “No, I mean he was hinting about something but he didn’t tell me anything. What did you do?” She dropped her hands to her side.
     “I can’t remember everything I did last night because I was so… you know… but I think I might have told him.” I was a little shocked.
     “What, told him that you like him?” She nodded and looked down. 
     “I’m so embarrassed because I can’t remember what, or if I said anything to him.” I frowned.
     “Promise me you won’t drink at any parties again.” She nodded and shook my hand. 
     “I promise.” She looked again at my clothes and then she looked at me with an almost angry look in her eyes. “Why are you in Victor’s clothes again?” Sarah questioned. I shook my head. 
     “I had stuff all over my clothes this morning so Victor told me I could take a quick shower before I left. I didn’t have any spare clothes with me so he told me to use these.” Sarah stared at his clothes and a jealous look came across her face. Now, I knew how much she liked Victor but right now was not a good time to play the jealous card. “Is there a problem?” I asked, crossing my arms. She looked at me and shook her head.
     “No, not at all. I was just making sure.” “Just making sure of what?” I asked myself, getting angry with her. I composed myself and nodded.
     “Oh, alright.” I put my arms down and turned around to start on the dishes again. “Nothing happened between me and Victor if that’s what you’re thinking.” I said coolly. 
     “Ok. I’m going to go clean up and then maybe get some sleep.” 
     “Alright.” We were both silent and then I heard her walking away to the bathroom.
     When Sarah was gone, I stood alone in the kitchen. I turned on the water and continued to clean the dishes. “Why’d she have to go and make this about me and Victor?” I wondered to myself. “Why would I do anything with him when I know how much she likes him?” I sighed. “She just made this way more complicated than it had to be.”
     I finished the dishes and I heard the shower water running still. I dried my hands and I sat down at the table and began to think. “I have some extra money in a bank account, maybe I can use that to help pay for stuff.” I tried to think of where I could get money but I was getting nowhere with that. So, instead of trying to figure out where to get money from I started figuring out how much extra money I would be paying for. I had food, tuition, housing, car expenses, you name it. I was adding it all up and it finally came out to about thirty thousand extra dollars a year. When that total came up on the calculator I felt my heart stop. 
     “Thirty thousand.” I whispered. I shook my head and pushed the calculator away from myself. “How am I going to afford that much? Waitresses only make about twenty to twenty-five thousand dollars a year and every penny I’m making now is already going in to my half of the payment.” I felt my breathing speeding up; I breathed in and out countless times but I felt like no oxygen was entering my lungs. “No, no, no!” I said. I was on the brink of having a serious panic attack when something occurred to me: scholarships. I steadied my breathing and thought some more. “It’s ok, it’s ok. You can still apply for more scholarships, if you could just get a few you can do it, you can get by.” The thought wasn’t one I liked and I wasn’t even positive I could do it; a lot of deadlines were approaching and had already passed. Applying for scholarships, working, going to school, doing homework, there was no way I could balance all of this out. This was the first time since I had come to Dartmouth that having to leave the school actually crossed my mind. “What if I can’t do it? I’ll have to go back to Durham and to my old school. Where would I even stay if I was there? It’s not like I can, or would, go back to live with my mother, not after what happened today.” So many thoughts ran through my mind in the next few hours, I got a headache. 
     At three in the afternoon, Sarah was sound asleep and I had decided that I needed to call Daniel and tell him what had happened and beg that he let me work longer hours. Daniel was, in a way, the only parental figure I had out here in Hanover. He was always there when I needed him and he was pretty good at listening. I knew he would be able to help me with my problem so I grabbed my cell phone from my pocket and I dialed his cell phone. Daniel didn’t work on the weekends; he worked on weekdays. The phone rang a few times and then Daniel picked up.
     “Hello.” 
     “Hey Daniel, it’s Vanessa.”
     “Oh, hi. What’s going on?” He inquired.
     “Ok, did Sarah mention that party to you, the one that happened last night?”
     “She might have said something about it, was it at the chief of police’s house?” I nodded.
     “Yes.” 
     “Ok, yeah, she mentioned it… why?” He sounded a little worried.
     “Do you promise you won’t get mad at Sarah or me?” I hoped.
     “No, but I’ll try my best.” His honesty was both refreshing and worrisome.
     “Ok.” I croaked. “Well, Sarah came to me yesterday and asked if I would come to the party with her.”
     “Doesn’t she know how you feel about those?” 
     “Well, yeah but this party was different.”
     “How so?” I bit my lip, wondering if I would regret telling him this. As much as Daniel was my friend, he was still an adult and my and Sarah’s boss.
     “Um… well… ok, here’s the thing, if I tell you, can you at least promise me that you won’t tell her I told you?” He was silent for a moment and then he spoke.
     “Yeah, I can promise that one.” I exhaled, relieved.
     “Ok, Sarah drank last night. I went with her because she needed a designated driver and because she had never drank before.”
     “What happened?” Daniel questioned, knowing something had gone wrong.
     “Well, long story short, I got roofied and passed out at the house and Sarah was super drunk and had to get a ride home with one of the maids from the chief’s house.”
     “You were roofied? Are you ok? Do you know who did it or what happened?” He sounded panicked. 
     “I was fine, as far as I know I wasn’t hurt or anything.”
     “How do you know?” 
     “Well, the chief’s nephew told me that there were three guys that drugged me but he scared them off before they did anything. I don’t have any proof other than what Victor told me.” I was pretty sure Victor had been telling the truth, perhaps I was so sure because I didn’t want the events of the previous night to have been anything more than me passing out. “Anyway, so I got up this morning, talked to Victor and then I showered and left.” I waited for him to question me about showering there like everyone else had done but he remained silent. “When I got home,” I began again, “My mom was here and she figured out that I was at a party and she freaked out about a bunch of other stuff.”
     “What did she do?” He sounded as if he had a pretty good idea already.
     “She… she won’t be paying for half of my expenses anymore.”
     “All for your going to a party? Did you tell her you were originally there for Sarah?” I nodded.
     “Yes, I told her.” 
     “Why did she get so mad then?” I felt a little embarrassed about this next part. I probably could have convinced her to still pay her half of the money if I hadn’t lost my temper. I felt like an idiot but it was too late to change what I had done.
     “Well, she probably would have paid for me still but I kind of lost my temper and called her a few things.” 
     “What kind of things?” He sounded a little amused but mostly serious.
     “Well, she accused me of sleeping around and I kind of, in a way, called her a whore.” I heard Daniel release a sigh and I could picture him shaking his head.
     “Ok, is there any way you can convince her to help you again?” I paused, not wanting to reply because I knew he would tell me to do something that I didn’t want to do. I finally gave in because none of us were speaking.
     “She told me that when I was ready to apologize I could call her and she would consider helping me again. Before you say anything though, you should know that she told me I couldn’t do this on my own, that I needed her. Also, she said a lot of stuff earlier that I’m not exactly sure I want to forgive her for and…” 
     “Whoa, whoa, whoa! It’s ok Vanessa, you don’t have to explain to me.” He said kindly. “I’m not going to tell you that you should go and apologize.”
     “Why not?” I wondered, thinking that was the responsible thing to do.
     “Because I don’t know all of the things she said to you. You know better than anyone whether or not you should apologize to her. You don’t really sound like you want to apologize.” I shook my head.
     “No, I don’t.”
     “Well then you can rule out having your mom’s help.” I couldn’t help but smile at what Daniel was saying. I didn’t want help from my mom and he understood that. “Now,” he began again, “How much money was she paying for?” 
     “About fifteen thousand a year.” Daniel grew silent and I knew he was going through all of his thoughts. We sat there for a long minute and then he spoke again.
     “Ok… what is your plan?”
     “Well, that’s why I called you. Daniel, is there any way I can start working longer hours?”
     “Longer hours? Vanessa, you already work eight hour shifts, that’s a lot for a college student.” I nodded.
     “I know, but I need the money.”
     “Well, what hours are you wanting to work?” He asked hesitantly.
     “Five p.m. to three a.m..”
     “Vanessa, working that much isn’t healthy for you.” 
     “I know, Daniel, but what other choice do I have? I know that I won’t be making that much more money but I need to do it.” He was quiet for a long minute until he finally spoke.
     “I don’t want you to do this, Vanessa, but maybe it might be wise for you to find a job that pays better. I’ll let you work the extra hours but you should look into a job that pays better than the job you have now.” That was the first time I had heard a boss telling one of their employees that they should find a different job because their company couldn’t pay the employee enough.
     “Where else could I work?” I asked realistically. “I could look around, but Hanover is a small town and there’s no guarantees that I could get a different job. I was very fortunate to even get the job I have now.” 
     “Would you like me to ask around for you?” He offered. I sat there for a few moments, considering his offer. “I could just let him ask around, what would that hurt?” I told myself.
     “You can ask around.” I finally said. “Don’t spend a lot of time doing that, just, if you see someone who you know might have a job for me, ask them. Are you sure you want to do this though?” I was just making sure.
     “Vanessa, I went to college once too. I didn’t have my parents help so it was just me. I understand what you’re going through so yes, I want to help you.” I nodded to myself. 
     “Thank you Daniel.”
     “You’re welcome. Do you still want to work those hours?” He wondered. 
     “Yes, if that’s ok with you.” 
     “Alright, I’ll see you tomorrow at five.”
     “Alright. Thank you Daniel, you have no clue how much this means to me.” 
     “No problem. Rest up alright.” 
     “Yes sir.”
     “Oh and Vanessa.” He said urgently.
     “Yes?”
     “Don’t go to any more parties.” He said this half joking, half serious. I nodded.
     “No problem.” He chuckled.
     “Bye.” 
     “Goodbye.” I hung up the phone and put it down on the table.
     The next week was difficult. Daniel had been right, working longer hours was harder and less healthy. I was always tired and I was sure my grades would go down a little. Daniel had been asking around about a job for me but he had not had any luck. I had been searching for scholarships and had applied for three of them. Two were small ones that would only pay about one thousand dollars each but the third one was a ten thousand dollar scholarship. I had taken a lot of time writing the essay in the scholarship and I was hoping everything was good enough to get me that scholarship. If I could get it I would only have to come up with twenty thousand dollars. That was still a lot but, baby steps.
     Sarah had only been weird that one day, after Sunday, she was back to normal. She was doing normal Sarah stuff. She had wanted to help pay for me but I told her no so many times that she gave up. Though she didn’t offer to pay me anymore, I knew that she felt extremely guilty about what had happened. I never blamed her though because I knew it would hurt her feelings if I did. Sarah disguised her guilt with happiness and positive thinking. She tried to convince me that I was now a free person and I could do whatever the hell I wanted to do. She said we could go to parties together now; I graciously declined. I didn’t want anything to do with parties and I was surprised that on the weekend after the party incident she attended another party. After attending Victor’s party I couldn’t understand how people thought partying was fun. Sarah still did though and she continued to do what she wanted. She talked about Victor a lot still. She wasn’t entirely sure if she had said anything to him about liking him but she didn’t stop liking him. For some reason I felt awkward when she talked about him now. I didn’t know if it was because I had actually met him or what but I felt weird when she spoke of how much she liked him.
     I hadn’t talked to Victor at all since the morning I left his house. I had seen him around but we never spoke. I had washed the clothes I’d borrowed from him and left them at his uncle’s door but that was it. I didn’t know why but every time I saw Victor I hoped he would stop and say hello to me or ask me how I was doing. He never did though.
     In the first week without my mom’s financial aid, I bounced back and forth between apologizing to her and not apologizing to her. It was really hard to work extra and do all these other things just because I was too prideful to apologize to her. On the other hand though, working harder and doing extra stuff seemed better than apologizing to her. Like I said, I went back and forth between these two options a lot but I stuck with the second one.
     On October 31st I had kind of gotten used to my work schedule, though that didn’t mean it was any easier. I would know if I got the scholarship I had applied for by the second of November. October 31st was a Saturday and it was also Halloween. I got up in the morning, ate some breakfast and I started on my homework. Around eleven a.m. I got a call from Daniel; he asked if I could come in and work today and I said I could. I really didn’t want to work tonight and normally I would have said no but I didn’t want to hang around the house and listen to Sarah complaining about her broken car and how she couldn’t go to a Halloween party because of it. Her car wouldn’t start and she couldn’t afford to take it to the mechanics right now. She had wanted to go to a certain Halloween party but since she couldn’t drive she couldn’t go. I told her to just get a ride with one of her friends but she said none of them were going to this particular party. I knew she would try to finagle her way to that party and I had a feeling that she would try and drag me into it. So I acquiesced to Daniel’s request; I would be at the restaurant at five.
     As I slaved away on my homework I felt extremely tired. I wanted to just curl up in bed and sleep but I had a lot to do still. At two in the afternoon, I was done with my homework and I was getting ready to go and take a quick nap. I walked over to the bedroom and I sat down on the edge of the bed. The moment I did this the front door opened and I heard Sarah come in.
     “Hey Vanessa.” She hollered. I exhaled deeply knowing that this whole nap scenario wasn’t going to play out as nicely as it had in my head. I stood up and walked out of the room.
     “Yeah?” I asked as I looked at Sarah. She looked at me and smiled.
     “Hey, I wasn’t sure if you were home or not.” “Where else would I be?” I thought in a snarky manner.
     “Yeah, I’m here.”
     “Ok, good. So, what are you doing tonight?” She inquired. “I knew this was coming.”
     “I’m actually working.” She flashed a confused look in my direction.
     “Why?” 
     “Because Daniel asked if I could come and help out. They’re gonna be pretty busy.” Sarah frowned.
     “Oh, well, never mind.” She said sadly. “Don’t do it Vanessa, don’t do it!”
     “Why what’s up?” I asked against my better judgment.
     “Well, there’s that party tonight and I was gonna see if you could drive me to it.” “Oh, wow.” I thought. “That wasn’t as bad as I was expecting.”
     “No, I could probably drive you.” I offered. She half smiled at me but it faded.
     “Are you working your usual hours?” She wondered. I nodded. 
     “Yeah.” 
     “The party starts at seven, I’d be too early.” I sighed.
     “Oh, I’m sorry.” I said, thinking this conversation was over.
     “It’s ok.” She said as she walked to the kitchen. She set her purse on the table and looked back at me. “I had an idea but I don’t know what you’d think about it.” She hinted. “Ugh, kill me now!” I screamed in my head.
     “What’s your idea?” 
     “Well, could I maybe take your car? I could drop you off at work and then come back here and get ready for the party. I could then go to the party, leave and be at Denny’s at three.” Sarah had driven my car twice before and each time she was extremely careful. She was extremely careful driving her car too. Although, tonight there was bound to be a ton of drunk drivers. The odds of her crashing my car were little to none but the odds of someone crashing into her were a little more broad. I looked at Sarah’s pleading face and I sighed.
     “Um, I don’t think that’s a problem so long as there is no drinking at this party, none done by you at least.” She smiled and crossed her heart. 
     “I promise I won’t drink. Thank you so much Vanessa!” She exclaimed. I half smiled at her.
     “I can fill up your tank if you want.” She offered. I thought about it for a moment and then I nodded.
     “Yeah, you could do that.” She smiled and nodded.
     “I’ll do it before I go to the party. Thank you again!” I nodded and then Sarah began to do her chores. I was going to lie down but I couldn’t fall asleep. I tried for about thirty minutes but when I was still awake at three I gave up and went to take a shower. When I was out of the shower I ate some lunch and by that time it was four. Sarah and I talked for thirty minutes and then I got dressed and did my hair and makeup. Sarah insisted that I wear a costume but I didn’t think that would be appropriate considering that I was going to be working all night. I just stuck with my work uniform.
     While I was getting ready, Sarah made me some coffee and by 4:45 I was ready to go. We left the house and I drove us there. When we got to Denny’s Sarah and I got out of the car and she came over to the driver’s side.
     “Ok,” she began, “So I’ll be here at three to pick you up. I’ll take really good care of your car.” She swore. I nodded and gave her the keys. 
     “Alright, have fun.” She smiled and looked at me.
     “And you’re sure you don’t want to tell Daniel no and come with me? It’ll be better than the last party, I swear.” I swiftly shook my head.
     “I’m positive.” She nodded.
     “Alright, I’ll see you later.” I waved.
     “Bye.” I watched as Sarah got into the car and situated the seat and mirrors. She waved at me and then slowly drove out of the parking lot and left. 
     When Sarah was gone I walked inside and clocked in. The restaurant was already full and I knew when it got to be night time we would get a lot of teenagers coming in for food. I was exhausted and I hoped that this night would go by quickly. 
     I worked hard from five to three. Like I had expected, it was really busy. From five to seven we had a lot of families come in to eat before going trick or treating with their kids. From seven to ten we had a lot of parents come in without their children. From eleven to three we had a ton of teenagers come in. There were still people coming and going at three but that’s when my shift was over. The night had been long and I felt like I was ready to collapse from exhaustion. I clocked out and then I went to say goodnight to Daniel. I walked over to his office and I knocked on the door. 
     “Come in.” He said. I opened the door and walked inside. Daniel was at his desk typing out something on the computer. Daniel usually didn’t work weekends but since it was Halloween he decided to come in. Daniel didn’t have a wife or kids or anything so he was usually free. Daniel looked over at me and smiled. “Hey.” He greeted. 
     “Hey.”
     “Are you leaving?” He questioned. I nodded and yawned. 
     “Yeah, I’m gonna go.”
     “Is Sarah here?” I nodded.
     “I’m sure she’s in the parking lot.” He nodded and stood up.
     “Well let me walk you out.” He walked over to me and we began to head for the front door. 
     We walked outside into the freezing air and I felt myself begin to shiver. I looked around but didn’t see Sarah. I looked at Daniel and saw that he was looking around for my car.
     “Hmm…” He said. He looked at me. “Do you want to wait inside for her?” He asked. I shook my head.
     “No, I’ll be fine, I’m sure she almost here.” He pat my back. 
     “Alright, well I’m gonna go back inside. Come in if she’s not here soon, alright.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Ok.” He waved and I waved back. He then turned around and headed inside with his hands in his pockets. 
     When Daniel was gone I looked around and at the road, hoping Sarah was near. “Damn it’s cold!” I thought. I had a jacket on but it wasn’t keeping me warm enough to avoid the shivers. I stood outside for ten minutes before I decided to go in. I reentered the restaurant and I stood by the door looking out at the street. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and I dialed Sarah messing up twice because of my numb fingers. When I finally dialed the right number I held the phone up to my ear and listened. It rang until I got her voicemail. “Hey, you’ve reached Sarah.” It said. “Leave a message and I’ll call you back.” I heard a beep and then I began to talk.
     “Hi Sarah, it’s 3:10 and you’re not here yet. I’m sure you’re just on your way but I wanted to make sure. Call me back.” I hung up and slid the phone back into my pocket. I saw some car lights in the parking lot and I figured that would be Sarah but as the car got closer, I knew it wasn’t mine. I sighed and headed over to an empty booth. I sat down and waited.
     I waited until three-thirty and Sarah was still not here. I was angry by this point and had called her a good five times; she hadn’t picked up any of the times. Daniel came to see me at 3:30. He walked over to me and frowned. 
     “Sarah’s still not here?” “Obviously not, considering the fact that I’m still here.” I thought. “Don’t be mean, he just wants to help.” I told myself. I exhaled and looked at him. 
     “No, but I’m sure she’ll be here soon.”
     “Can I give you a ride home?” He offered. I shook my head. 
     “No, it’s ok. Thank you though.” He nodded and looked at the front door. He shook his head, frustrated and then he looked back at me. 
     “Well, come and get me if you change your mind, alright.” I nodded and he left.
     At 3:45, Sarah still wasn’t here. I got up and walked over to the door. I left the building and walked out to the parking lot. I looked around but there was no sign of my car or Sarah. “I’m only about fifteen minutes from the college, it couldn’t be that long of a walk.” I thought. “It’s cold though… I should just let Daniel take me home.” I shook my head. “No.” I said. I exhaled deeply and then I began to walk. I didn’t want Daniel to take me home because this wasn’t his problem and he should have had to deal with it.
     I walked for ten minutes before I really started regretting doing so. It was so cold, maybe in the tens and my hands and nose and toes were numb. “I should just turn back.” I shook my head at that thought. “No, I’ll get to the dorms soon enough.”
     As I walked I looked around. It was extremely dark and there were no cars or people around. “No sensible person would be walking around at this time of night… well, unless it was me.” I walked for five more minutes before I heard a car come driving down the road. This frightened me because there was no one around. I figured the car would keep going but as it approached me I heard it slowing down. I looked over my shoulder and saw the black car coming closer to me. I looked back in front of myself and then I looked to my right, there were a bunch of trees that way and I figured I could run into them if I had to. I felt my heart racing as the car came to my left side and stopped. I wanted to keep walking but I felt frozen. “Please be someone I know, please be someone I know.” I thought as I looked at the car. The passenger side window rolled down and I saw an unfamiliar man in the driver’s seat. He put the car in park and looked out at me.
     “Hey.” He said coolly.
     “H-hi.” I stuttered.
     “Do you need a ride?” “No way.” I shouted in my head. I shook my head a little and pointed down the road.
     “No, I’m almost home.” He stared at me and I felt a shiver run through my body. He half smiled, noticing my shiver.
     “It’s nice and warm in here. Come on, let me give you a ride.” There was something about the man that I didn’t trust so I shook my head. 
     “Really, I’m fine.” I insisted. The man looked me over and then he shrugged.
     “Have it your way sweetheart.” He rolled up his window and put his car into drive. My heart was pounding and I watched as he drove away. My hands were shaking more out of fear than the cold now. 
     When the man’s car was out of sight I was able to move again. My legs had stopped working temporarily when he was here. I walked forward and didn’t stop walking.
     After five minutes of walking I saw car headlights coming my way on the left hand side of the road. I felt safer since the car was on the other side of the road. It passed by me and then I heard the tires slow down and come to a stop. I looked back at the car and saw it was black, just like the other car. My heart began to race for a second time and I walked faster, refusing to let my legs stop working this time. I heard the car wheels moving again and I looked back to see what was going on. The car was turning around and heading my way. I instantly began to run as fast as I could, that wasn’t very fast because I was so cold. I heard the car approaching me; it kept up with me easily. As I ran, or more like fast walked, the car rolled to my side and the window rolled down, revealing to me the person inside. 





Chapter 6 

     I didn’t look at the person in the car rolling next to me in fear of who I might see; I just looked forward and kept walking.
     “Hey, do you need a ride?” A voice asked. I shook my head and began to walk faster. 
     “I told you I was fine.” I said angrily.
     “Wha… Vanessa.” The voice said. I froze and looked at the person in the car for the first time. I felt a blanket of relief cover me when I saw the person was Victor. I exhaled and smiled.
     “Oh, Victor.” He returned the smile.
     “Yeah. Do you want a ride, it’s freezing out here.” I nodded with little to no hesitation.
     “Please.” He leaned over and opened the door for me. I opened it the rest of the way and I got in. His door was really interesting, it opened vertically. I closed it and then I buckled up. Victor rolled up the window and he turned the heater on high. I put my hands in front of the vent and I felt the shivers dying down. Victor began to drive the car toward the college. I looked at him confused. “Your house is that way.” I babbled. He chuckled and looked at me for half a second.
     “Well I guess I could take you to my house and you could sleep there, the room you stayed in last time is still available.” I bit my lip. “Why did you say that dummy!” I scolded myself. I quickly shook my head at Victor’s response. 
     “No, no, I was just… my house is this way and your house is that way. I was just saying that you have to go the wrong way to take me home.” He chuckled and nodded.
     “Oh, ok.” I felt like an idiot but he seemed amused. “Well, I don’t mind dropping you off at your dorm room.” He said politely. I half smiled at him and then I looked at my hands that were extended out in the warm air.
     “Thank you.” I said quietly. He nodded and I looked at him, wresting my hands in my lap as I did so. He was so gorgeous, I couldn’t help but look at him. He cast a quick glance at me and I looked away immediately. He chuckled and looked back at the road.
     “You’re welcome.” He responded. “May I ask why you are wandering around at four in the morning?” 
     “Oh, um, I was working tonight.”
     “And you walk home from work?” I shook my head.
     “No, my friend has my car.”
     “Sarah, right?” I nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “And why does Sarah have your car?” He hinted. “So I would have to walk home and you would offer me a ride.” I thought. I mentally slapped myself. “Shut up and answer his question!” I shook it off and looked at him.
     “Um, well, there was a Halloween party she wanted to go to tonight but her car is broken. I told her she could use mine so she dropped me off at work and was supposed to come and pick me up at three.” Victor chuckled.
     “Well she’s a little late isn’t she?” He joked. I smiled and nodded, looking back in front of myself.
     “A little bit.”
     We drove for a few more minutes before Victor parked the car in the parking lot. I was more than a little disappointed that I had to go, I didn’t want to leave because I had a bad feeling that we would go back to not talking after this. I unbuckled and looked at him. 
     “Well, thank you for the ride.” I said sincerely. He nodded and looked outside. He looked back at me and unbuckled. 
     “It was no problem. Let me walk you to your room.” I shook my head, not thinking before I did this.
     “Oh no, it’s ok, I’m fine.” “What are you doing?” I asked myself. “You don’t turn guys down when they offer to walk you somewhere. Gosh you’re stupid!” Victor smiled at me.
     “I think I better walk you to your room, you might get lost if I don’t.” I scowled at him and shook my head.
     “I know how to get to my room just fine.” I insisted.
     “Be that as it may, I’m still going to walk you to your room.” I nodded a little and then I got out of the car. Victor did the same and then he walked over to my side and we began to walk to my room. 
     As Victor and I walked, I looked up at him. He looked down at me a second later and I quickly looked back in front of myself. 
     “Um, why uh, why are you out so late?” I peeked up at him and saw he was now looking in front of himself. 
     “Well,” he said as he opened the building door for me, “Like your friend Sarah, I was at a party.” I looked over his clothes and saw he was dressed in jeans and a heavy jacket. He didn’t looked dressed up in a Halloween costume to me.
     “Why no costume?” I asked, trying not to sound weird. 
     “I’ve never really been into the whole dressing up on Halloween thing.” He admitted. I could understand that, I had never gotten into it either.
     By the time Victor and I were done talking, we were at my room door. I grabbed the key out of my pocket and I unlocked the door. I opened it and stood in the doorway, looking at Victor.
     “I uh, I’m going to make some tea, would you like to come in? I can make you some.” I hoped that he did but I figured that he would just want to go home. He shook his head and held out his hands, declining my offer. I felt a sadness come upon me.
     “No, I’m not a huge tea drinker. However, I will come in, if that’s alright with you?” I smiled and nodded.
     Victor and I walked into the dorm room. The moment we were inside, he began to look around. I watched him as he observed the small area. I walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a teacup. I filled it with water and then I stuck it in the microwave to heat it up. I looked back at Victor and I crossed my arms. 
     “This dorm room isn’t much but it’s kind of nice.” He smiled and looked at me. 
     “I like it.” He assured me. I smiled and began to look for a tea bag. When I found a chamomile tea bag I grabbed it and then I looked back at Victor. He was looking at the paper I had been working on earlier. He looked back at me a second later.
     “You take Government?” He questioned. I nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “Is Government what you are going to major in?” I nodded.
     “Government, and Economics.”
     “Are you planning to be the president or something?” He joked. I laughed and shook my head.
     “No, nothing that fancy. I’m gonna be a lawyer.” He smiled. 
     “Very nice.” He looked at my clothes, which were my work uniform, and then he looked up at my face.
     “Where do you work?” He wondered.
     “I work at Denny’s, I’m a waitress.” He nodded.
     “What are your work hours?” 
     “I work weekdays from five p.m. to 3 a.m. I worked today because it was busy and my boss needed help.” 
     “Why do you work such long shifts?”
     “It’s not that long.” I insisted.
     “You’re a college student working on two majors, I’m sure you have a lot of classes. When you throw in work, sleep, studies and classes, it’s a long shift you have. How come you work so much?” I wasn’t entirely sure that I wanted to be discussing this with him but at the same time, I wasn’t sure that I didn’t want to be talking about it.
     “I have to pay for my schooling somehow.” He stared at me with a genuinely puzzled face.
     “Your family is pretty wealthy, I just can’t imagine why you would have to work so hard to pay for your schooling.” I looked down at my feet and shook my head.
     “It’s pretty complicated.” This told him everything he needed to know at the moment.
     “Oh.” He said, dropping the subject.
     When we stopped talking I walked over to the microwave and I grabbed out my cup and I put the tea bag in it. I set it on the counter and then I looked back at Victor.
     “So,” he began, “Did you get scholarships and grants to help pay for everything?” I nodded.
     “Well scholarships are paying for about half of my tuition fees right now.”
     “Only half? You seem like you should be able to get a lot of scholarships because you’re so smart.” I nodded.
     “I should get a lot but you see, my family is very rich and a lot of the big scholarships are for people who are poor. I didn’t get a lot of them because of my family’s wealth.” He frowned.
     “I bet that makes things harder on you, having to pay half of the tuition.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, the room and board is what kills me. It’s like fourteen thousand a year.” He stared at me with a contemplating look on his face. He looked like he was trying to figure something out or decide on something. Since he was thinking I walked over to my tea and I took out the bag and threw it away. I grabbed some honey and put it in my tea. I mixed it in and then I picked up the cup and walked over to the table. I sat down and looked at Victor. He looked like he had decided something. He looked at me and began to speak.
     “Earlier I told you that there was still that room at my uncle’s house. You could always stay there, if it would be easier on you.” I stared at him, a look of disbelief upon my face. “Ha! He’s kidding, right?” I asked myself. I stared at him and saw that he was serious. “Oh my gosh, he’s not joking, he’s serious.” I looked at him and then away from him. I stared at my cup and shook my head.
     “Well uh, your uncle’s house is a lot nicer than this dorm room, how much would it cost for me to stay there?” I wasn’t really considering this, just trying to have a good reason to turn down his offer. It was very generous of him but I didn’t know him all that well so I could do it. 
     “Well, you would have to clean up after yourself but by the looks of this place, that wouldn’t be a problem. Other than that though, it wouldn’t cost you anything.” I felt my mouth drop open a little but I closed it hastily. 
     “What?” I asked, not believing him. He shrugged.
     “Like I said, we’re not the Hilton Hotel or anything. You staying there would be a favor from one friend to another.” I stared at him and tilted my head a little. “We’re friends?” I thought. I shook my head at him.
     “I don’t really know you, I’m not sure if we’re friends.” I said, sounding a little rude. He didn’t seem to care about my comment. He smiled charmingly and he came and sat down by me.
     “You know what, you’re right. You don’t know anything about me and I don’t know anything about you.” He stared at me and his eyebrows raised a little and he half smiled at me. “As for being friends, I think we’ve had enough encounters to consider each other friends, right?” He looked at me with his beautiful blue eyes and I felt almost hypnotized.
     “Um… I, I guess.” “You guess? No, tell him no.” I demanded. I shook my head and looked away from him. “I mean, I guess we could be considered acquaintances, but not friends.” I peeked over at him and he nodded and leaned back in his chair.
     “Well, I’ll have to work on becoming your friend.” I chuckled. “He has no idea what he’s attempting to do.” I thought. “What does one have to do to be your friend?” He inquired. I shook my head and looked at him.
     “I don’t know.” I admitted. 
     “Well, you and Sarah are friends, how did that come about?” 
     “I don’t know, I just kind of talked to her and she talked to me. We got to know each other.” 
     “Then I guess you and I will have to talk so we can become friends.” He smiled at me. “I have a question.” 
     “What kind of a question?” I asked, not sure I wanted to answer any questions at the time.
     “Well, nights ago when you said, ‘Don’t hate me’, who were you talking about? I know you said it’s complicated but you kind of owe me one answer.” “Oh my gosh, he still remembers that? Ugh!” I sighed and bit my lip.
     “Um… can you pick a different question?” I hoped. He shook his head.
     “No.” I frowned.
     “Well then, it’s uh, it’s my mom. I don’t want my mom to hate me.” Victor sat there, awaiting more but that was all I had to say. After a few seconds of silence he shook his head.
     “That’s it? You don’t have more to add to that?” I shook my head.
     “No, not really.” He sighed and pressed on.
     “Why would your mom hate you?” 
     “I don’t know, we just don’t really get along.”
     “Is that the complicated thing you were referring to earlier?” He asked. I shrugged.
     “Kind of.” He frowned and was about to say something else when the door knob began to jiggle. We both looked over at the door and I watched as it opened.
     When the door was fully opened, a seemingly drunk Sarah stumbled in. I stood up instantly and Victor stayed where he was sitting. When Sarah was in the room, she looked over at me.
     “Hey, what are you doing here?” She slurred. I felt rage build within me because she had been drinking and driving my car.
     “I should ask you the same thing.” I hissed. Sarah looked from me to Victor and her face grew angry.
     “What is he doing here?” She interrogated.
     “He gave me a ride home because you failed to do that.” Sarah crossed her arms angrily. 
     “I was coming, you didn’t have to go and cry to Victor to come and get you.” I clenched my fingers into fists and shook my head. 
     “I waited at work for almost an hour and you still weren’t there so I decided to walk home. Victor saw me walking and offered me a ride.” I shook my head not thinking I was the one who had to explain myself. “This isn’t about me though, this is about you. Sarah, you swore to me that you weren’t going to drink.” She shook her head. 
     “I didn’t drink.” I glared at her. 
     “Oh, so what do you consider yourself to be right now, slightly not sober?” She laughed and rolled her eyes at me.
     “Why do you give a damn what I do?” She asked. 
     “I don’t unless you’re driving my car and tonight you were driving my car. Sarah, what would I have done if you would have crashed it? You already screwed me over enough by making me go to Victor’s party with you.” Sarah scowled at me and she turned around and left the room, slamming the door behind herself. I instantly felt bad about saying that. In all honesty, I felt like my getting in trouble with my mom was kind of Sarah’s fault but I knew the majority of the fault had gone to me. Sarah felt really guilty about what had happened so my saying that must have really hurt her. 
     The second she ran out the door, I looked at Victor. The poor guy was probably confused. If he was confused he didn’t look it; he looked like he knew exactly what was going on. I flashed him an apologetic look and then I ran out of the room after Sarah.
     I ran into the parking lot and saw Sarah stumbling through the lot.
     “Sarah, wait!” I hollered as I chased after her. I finally caught up to her and I grabbed her arm and turned her around. She jerked her hand away from me. I frowned at her and shook my head. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.” She shook her head and wiped a tear from her eye. 
     “No you’re not.” She said surely. “If you didn’t mean to hurt me you wouldn’t be in there with him.” She cried. I frowned.
     “Why do you get so… so jealous when I’m around him? He gave me a ride home because I was walking and it was cold. There is nothing about that to be jealous about.”
     “You want to know why I’m so jealous, Vanessa? I’m so jealous because you like him too.” I immediately shook my head.
     “No, that’s not true.”
     “It is!” She screamed loudly.
     “No, I don’t like him.” I hissed. “Why would I like him when I know that you like him? We’re just friends.” I promised. She glared at me and shook her head.
     “Well if you two are such good friends, why don’t you just drive everywhere with him?” She wasn’t making much sense right now, I couldn’t tell if that was because of the alcohol she drank or because she was angry.
     “I don’t need to drive with him everywhere because I have my own car.” She was being too dramatic about this and I was too tired to deal with her crap. She shook her head at me.
     “Not anymore.” She retorted as she reached into her pocket and grabbed my car key. She through the key over into the tree line and I felt my mouth drop open and I got pissed.
     “Why would you do that?” I asked. She smiled cruelly at me and I reached out and pushed her. She regained her balance and looked at me. She reached out her hand and slapped me hard across the face. I felt my cheek instantly sting and get cold. Right after Sarah had slapped me, Victor ran up to us and stood in-between us.
     “Hey you two, stop it!” He yelled. Sarah looked at him and then at me and she shook her head.
     “You know what, why don’t you find yourself a new roommate, bitch.” I felt a little shocked that she had called me that but not shocked enough to not say something in return.
     “Count on it.” Sarah shook her head at me and she turned around and ran away.
     I watched Sarah running away and I didn’t call out to her because I was too angry to care about her right now. My face was throbbing where she had hit me. I was an easy bruiser so I was sure I would get a bruise on my face. I looked at Victor, not wanting to know what he had thought about all of that. He didn’t look confused like I had imagined though, he looked tense, uncomfortable. I stared at him. He looked like he was holding his breath. 
     “Are you ok?” I asked, making sure he wasn’t freaked out or anything. He cleared his throat and looked at me. 
     “Yes.” He let out a deep breath and breathed in. “She hit you pretty hard.” He stated. I instinctively put my hand up to my cheek where I’d been slapped and I felt blood running down my face. When Sarah had slapped me, she had scratched me as well. I shook my head, angry with her. 
     “I’m so sorry about that, she was drunk.” Victor shook his head. 
     “You don’t have to apologize for her.” I stood silent for a moment and then I shook my head.
     “Did you hear all of that?” I questioned. I was worried that he had heard the part where Sarah was screaming that I liked him. 
     “Did you want me to?” I shook my head a little.
     “Well then, I showed up right when you pushed her.” I sighed, knowing that he was lying.
     “I’m sorry about that Victor.” I turned around and began to walk over to where Sarah had thrown my keys. He began to walk with me. “You can go home.” He shook his head.
     “Not until we find your keys.” “Showed up right when I pushed her, yeah right.” I thought to myself. 
     “I have no clue where she threw them and it’s dark, it might take a while.” I said truthfully. He shrugged and pulled out his phone. He turned on a flashlight app and smiled at me.
     “I’ve got time.” He said coolly. I shook my head, thinking he was crazy. 
     I turned on my flashlight app and I began to search the ground like Victor was.
     “We’re probably not going to find them.” I said as I looked.
     “Not with that attitude we won’t.” He joked. I chuckled under my breath and looked over at him. He was scanning the ground, looking for my keys. I couldn’t understand why he was helping me. It was freezing out here, my fingers and ears were numb. I can’t say I would help someone I barely knew with something as hard as this. I stood there watching him for a minute until I finally gave in. 
     “Why are you helping me?” I wondered. He looked away from the ground and at me.
     “Do you not want my help?” I quickly shook my head. 
     “No, I do, I just can’t figure out why you would help me. I mean, at the party you helped, you drove me home and now there’s this.” I couldn’t see his face very well but I could tell he was smiling.
     “Would you believe me if I told you that you fascinate me?” I shook my head.
     “No.” He laughed.
     “Well you do. You’re different than other people.” 
     “In a bad way?” I hoped not. He shook his head.
     “No, definitely not in a bad way.” I wanted to ask him why I fascinated him but my train of thought was interrupted when Victor leaned over and grabbed something. He then walked over to me and gave me my keys. I was extremely shocked that he had found them considering how dark it was.
     “Thank you.” I said happily as I took the keys from him. He smiled and nodded. 
     Victor and I turned off our flashlights and we began to walk back to the dorms. I stared at my keys as I walked and then Victor opened the main door for me and I walked inside. We continued to walk back to my room until we were there. I looked at him and finally asked my question. 
     “Why do I fascinate you?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “I’m not sure, there’s just something about you that is different. All I know is that I like you.” I bit my lip, deep in thought.
     “Well, thank you for your help.” I said gratefully. He nodded.
     “Of course. I’ll come by tomorrow morning to check on you and Sarah.”
     “Ok. I get up at seven so any time after that is ok. I’m sure she’ll be back sometime tomorrow, she’ll probably go to her parents’ house tonight and come back tomorrow afternoon.” He nodded.
     “Alright. Get some sleep.” 
     “Ok. Thank you for everything.” He smiled and I opened the door and walked inside. I closed and locked the door behind myself and then I stood there in silence. After a long minute, I walked to the kitchen and finished my tea. Once it was done, I turned off the lights and then I walked into the bathroom. I turned on the light and looked in the mirror. My cheek was red and there was blood on one of the three scratch marks. I took a wet cloth and I cleaned up my face. When my face was clean I left the bathroom and headed to the bedroom. I changed into sweatpants and a long-sleeve shirt and I threw my clothes into the hamper. I then walked over to my bed and I lied down and threw the covers over myself in an attempt to get warm. As I lied there, my mind went to Victor. “I fascinate him. He also said he likes me, what does that mean? Does he like me like he wants to be my friend or does he ‘like’ me?” I thought about that for a few minutes and then I thought about Sarah. I wasn’t really mad at her any more. “What was wrong with her?” I wondered. “She was being so weird. Why the hell did she think I liked Victor? Probably because you do.” I told myself. I shook my head at that thought. “No! No, I don’t like him. Sarah is in love with him, why would I like him? Why were you wondering if he likes you if you don’t like him? You’ve never wondered stuff like that before. This is off the point!” I yelled in my head. “I’m not thinking about Victor right now, I’m thinking about Sarah. It was cold when I was walking home, she’s probably freezing right now. What if someone tries to give her a ride? Someone tried to give me a ride and the only reason I didn’t accept was because of common sense. Sarah is intoxicated, she won’t think twice about accepting a ride from someone, she’d just want to get warm. I should go find her.” I felt a long yawn escape my mouth. I had warmed up under my covers and I was so tired from the day. I just wanted to sleep. “I should go find her.” I thought as my eyes closed.
     “Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep!” My alarm clock screamed at me. My eyes shot open at the loud noise. I looked around but my vision was blurry. I squinted my eyes at the clock and saw it was seven in the morning. I shook my head and turned off the alarm clock. I didn’t have school today so I refused to get up. I tucked my arms back into the warm covers and I closed my eyes, falling back asleep.
     I was woken up a second time when I heard knocking on the front door. I was a pretty light sleeper so I had no problem waking up to knocking on a door. My eyes opened and I looked at the clock. It was nine. “It is still not time to wake up.” I thought as I threw the covers off of myself. I stood up and looked over at Sarah’s bed. When I saw no one was in it, I snapped into reality. “Oh my gosh!” I thought as I remembered last night. “It’s probably Sarah.” I got excited at the thought. I remembered being scared for her last night. I, as quickly as possible, ran over to the front door and I opened it. At the door was not Sarah, but Victor. I froze and then I recalled everything from last night. “Oh crap! He told me he was going to come over in the morning.” I looked at him and he must have detected the confusion in my look. 
     “Did I wake you?” He asked. I shook my head.
     “No.” I lied. He flashed a disbelieving look at me. “I was uh, I was just going to make some coffee.” He nodded and I stepped out of the way, inviting him inside. He smiled at me and walked in. I closed the door behind him and I wanted to slap myself in the face. “Why didn’t you wake up when the alarm went off this morning?” I scolded myself. I shook my head and walked into the kitchen. “Can I get you some coffee?” I asked, hoping he would take it so I could go get dressed while he was drinking. He shook his head.
     “No thanks.” I frowned and bit my lip. 
     “I’m so sorry, but could you excuse me for one minute?” He half smiled and nodded. 
     “Take as long as you need.” I nodded and ran to my bedroom. I quickly threw on some jeans a bra, and a tank top. I put on a grey sweatshirt over my tank top. I then ran out of the bedroom and into the bathroom, not daring to look at Victor. I closed the door behind myself and then I looked in the mirror. My hair was a disaster! It was sticking up in all different directions. My mouth dropped open. “I can’t believe he saw me like this!” I thought. Along with my hair being disastrous, my face had a cut on it from where Sarah had scratched me. It wasn’t all that bad; what was bad was the bruise that surrounded it. I stared at it in horror. “Wow, she got me good.” I thought. It didn’t help that I was an easy bruiser. I shook my head and began to brush through my hair with the hairbrush. When it was untangled, I left it alone and then I grabbed a tissue and began to wipe up my smeared makeup. When that was done I quickly brushed my teeth and then I opened the bathroom door and walked over to the kitchen. Victor was sitting at the table waiting patiently. I walked to his side and he looked at me and chuckled. 
     “You were fine you know.” I laughed louder than I meant to.
     “I looked like a Chucky Doll.” I said truthfully. Victor laughed and I smiled, glad he found that amusing.
     “You didn’t.” He reassured. I smiled and walked over to the coffee pot. I poured myself some coffee and then I stuck it in the microwave and hit the two minute button. As it began to warm up I looked at Victor. 
     “Are you sure you don’t want some coffee?” I asked. He shook his head again. 
     “No, really, I’m fine. I’m not a huge coffee drinker.” I frowned. “How can he not like coffee? I live off of coffee!” I thought. I stood there for a while until my coffee was heated and then I fixed it up, sat down at the table and began to drink. As I drank, Victor watched me. I didn’t usually feel uncomfortable when people watched me but for some reason I felt weird with him staring at me. He must have detected the discomfort because he began to speak. “How’s your face feel?” He asked. I looked at him and shrugged.
     “It looks worse than it feels.” He stared at the cut and bruise and shook his head. “I bruise really easy.” I said, easing his mind.
     “Still…” He sighed and changed the subject. “So, have you heard from Sarah at all? Is she back?” He asked as he looked over at the bedroom. When his eyes returned to me, I shook my head. 
     “No, she isn’t here. I don’t think she’s called either.” I thought about it. I hadn’t heard my phone ring but who knows. “Excuse me for one second.” I said as I stood up and walked to my bedroom. I grabbed my phone off of my bedside table and I typed in my password. I then looked at the phone log but I had no recent calls. I frowned and set the phone back down. I walked back into the kitchen and took my spot by Victor. “I checked my phone, she hasn’t called.” He nodded.
     “You said she might come back this afternoon?” I nodded.
     “Yeah. I’m sure she just went to her parents’ house last night. They live like five minutes from here. She’ll be back this afternoon and we’ll have a talk.”
     “She was pretty mad last night.” He said. I nodded.
     “Yeah, she uh, she’s a good friend but she overreacts to things… a lot.” He chuckled and leaned back in his chair.
     “So, what’s your plan today?”
     “My plan?” He nodded. “Um, well, I didn’t really have any plans. I was just going to stay here and do some homework.”
     “Is that homework you’re going to do due this week?” I shook my head.
     “No. I uh, I’m just usually really busy so I try to get stuff done as soon as possible.” 
     “Hmm… well, would you feel like not doing it today and coming with me?” He asked hopefully.
     “Go with you where?”
     “Hiking.” I half smiled. 
     “What trail are you going on?” 
     “The Appalachian trail. I’ve been meaning to get out and go for a while but I haven’t had anyone to go with.” “He hasn’t had anyone to go with, really?” I thought. “He seems like he would have people lining up to go with him. I’d feel safer going with him than going alone, I mean, look at him.” I looked him over for a second. “I’m sure if we saw a bear he could probably tackle it… and win.” I shook off my thoughts when he began to speak again. “I was thinking it would be fun if you went with me.” I smiled and nodded.
     “I would love to go.” I replied without thinking. “Vanessa!” I yelled at myself. “If Sarah gets home and you’re out with Victor, what is she going to think? Pff! Who gives a damn what she thinks? You’re going hiking, is there a problem with you wanting a little fresh air?” Victor smiled at me.
     “Good! All of my stuff is in the car so whenever you’re ready we’ll get going.” I smiled and nodded.
     “Ok.” All I had to do was put on some hiking shoes and tie my hair up. I had on a sweatshirt and jeans so I would be fine. I stood up and walked to my room. I got out some good hiking shoes and put them on. I went hiking a lot back in Durham but since I had been in Hanover I hadn’t had enough time for it. After my shoes were on I went to the bathroom and tied up my hair in a ponytail. I then walked into the kitchen and grabbed a water bottle from the fridge. I looked at Victor.
     “Do you want a water bottle?” I asked. He shook his head.
     “No, I have one in my backpack.” I nodded and closed the fridge. 
     “Let me just grab a bag and then we can go.”
     “A bag?” He sounded like he wasn’t sure why I needed one.
     “Yeah, for my water.” He chuckled and shook his head. He walked up to me and took the bottle from my hand.
     “I’ll put your water in my bag.” He offered. Victor was standing really close to me and I felt… well, not uncomfortable, but awkward. I looked down and nodded.
     “Alright, then we’re good to go.” I looked up and saw that he had taken a step back. He nodded and then he turned around and began to walk to the door. I exhaled deeply and then I grabbed my house key off of the table and then I followed Victor out of the room.
     Victor and I walked to his car and it was pretty silent. When we got to his car, I reached for the door but he got to it before me. He opened the door for me and smiled charmingly; I smiled back and got in. He then closed the door behind me and walked over to the driver’s side of the car. He opened his door and slid in. He then started the car and began to drive. 
     I couldn’t think of anything to talk about on the way there, assuredly, I had questions but I didn’t know if he would think I was weird for asking him random stuff so I kept my mouth closed. Fortunately, I didn’t have to think of a conversation starter because he began speaking.
     “Did you get enough sleep last night? I feel kind of bad, like I woke you up too early.” I shook my head. I tried to refrain from yawning but the thought of sleep sounded great and was too tempting. I let a small yawn slip from my mouth and I quickly shook my head a second time.
     “No, I’m fine.” I lied. “I got plenty of sleep.” He nodded in disbelief.
     “I hope I didn’t make you feel like you had to come with me.” He sounded sincere. 
     “No, I actually wanted to come.”
     “You wanted to come, did you?” He said in almost a flattered tone. I nodded hastily and replied.
     “I mean, I used to go hiking back in Durham a lot. Lately I haven’t found the time to do it so I wanted to go.” I bit my lip and felt my brain mentally slap me. “Oh my gosh, Vanessa! You’re a dumb-ass! You’re gonna make him feel bad because you’re too embarrassed to admit that you want to spend time with him.” After I was done mentally scolding myself, I allowed myself a quick look at Victor. He was looking in front of himself with a smile on his face. I stared at him, confused. “Why is he still nice to me?” I wondered. I stared at him and finally asked my question. “Why did you ask me to go hiking with you? I’m sure you have better people to go with.” He looked at me, puzzled.
     “Better people? What do you mean?” I paused, trying to think of what to say. In my head I knew what to say but I couldn’t seem to make the words come out right. I finally stopped over thinking it and I just spoke.
     “Well, you’re really… well, there’s a lot of other people, girls in particular, that would be ecstatic if they could go anywhere with you. I just wonder why you would want me to go with you.” 
     “What’s so wrong with you that would cause me to not want to be in your company?” I shook my head.
     “I don’t know, I’m just not good at talking to you. I feel like I come off really rude.” He chuckled and shook his head. 
     “Don’t think that.” He glanced at me for a short second and then he looked back out of the window. “I don’t think you’re rude, just… guarded.” “He just hit the nail on the head with that one.” I thought. He stared at me with a questioning gaze. “Am I correct?” He wondered. I nodded. 
     “Yes, you’re right about the whole guarded remark. I am rude at times though; it’s not intentional. Sarah says that I lack the brain cells that tell me what’s socially acceptable and what isn’t.” He laughed and I smiled.
     “Well, if it’s any consolation, I don’t think you’re rude, I find you to be quite entertaining.” 
     “Thank you.” I babbled. He smiled and nodded and then we drove in silence. 
     We drove for a few more minutes before we got to the hiking trail. Victor parked his car and then we got out. When out of the car, Victor walked to the trunk and opened it. His backpack was sitting in the trunk. He grabbed it and put my water bottle into it. He then put it on and closed the trunk. He put his keys in his pocket and then we began to walk. It was cold out today; the weather was overcast and it looked like we could get some rain. The temperature was in the low forties today so I was sure all we would get was rain. 
     Victor and I walked and when we found the trail that’s when we began to speak again.
     “So,” Victor began, “We need to work on this whole friend thing because apparently you don’t consider us to be friends.” I half smiled and looked at him.
     “That’s right.” 
     “Can I ask you some questions?” He hoped. I nodded. 
     “Yes.” He smiled and stepped over a rock. 
     “Alright, what are my question boundaries? What kind of questions am I allowed to ask you?” I shook my head.
     “You can ask me any question you want, I’m not making any promises that I’ll answer them but you can ask.” He nodded.
     “Fair enough. Ok, so you just started going to Dartmouth?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah.”
     “Where’d you live before? Did you live with your family or by yourself?”
     “I lived with my family in Durham.” He nodded a little.
     “Hmm, why doesn’t your family live in a…”
     “A big city?” I finished for him. He nodded.
     “Yeah.”
     “Well,” I said as I looked ahead at the trail, “My mom has houses in a bunch of places and her clothing company’s headquarters is in New York City. My sister and I were born in Durham so we lived in the house there for most of our lives. In the summer we would be able to go with our mom on business trips to California and New York and London and places like that, I never really went though.”
     “Because of family problems?” I nodded. 
     “Yes.” Victor was quiet for a moment as if he was going over his thoughts. Finally he spoke again. 
     “How old are you?” I giggled thinking his question was silly; nevertheless, I answered it.
     “I’m twenty.”
     “When’s your birthday?” 
     “February fifth.” He half smiled. His smiling caused me to smile and then I grew curious. 
     “How old are you?” I inquired.
     “Ancient.” I chuckled and he joined in. “Nah, I’m twenty-three.” 
     “When’s your birthday?”
     “July seventeenth.” I nodded, putting that information into the memory vault in my mind in order to remember it until I could write it down.
     “Do you have any siblings?” I asked. He shook his head.
     “No, it’s just me.” I nodded a little and then we were quiet for a brief moment. Victor began to speak again.
     “And what about you, you just have a sister right?” I nodded.
     “Yeah.” 
     “You’re twins, aren’t you?”
     “Yeah, I’m older by five minutes.” He smiled.
     “And you’re fraternal twins, correct?” I nodded. “Well, it’s clear which one of you got the good looks.” I instantly tensed up at this comment and I felt my guard go up. Victor didn’t notice this right away so he kept on talking. “You are the lucky one, beautiful and smart.” I hadn’t expected him to say that last part; the shock stopped me from walking. Victor took a step forward, realized I had stopped and then he stopped. He looked back at me. “Are you ok?” He asked nervously. I nodded. I could feel the confusion on my face.
     “I… I… my sister’s a lot prettier than me.” I mumbled. Victor laughed and his face went from worried, to amused.
     “Is that so?” He laughed. “Your sister is Gisele Howell, right?” I nodded. He laughed again. “Well, I don’t know who gave you the notion that she’s prettier than you, but they’re wrong.” I stared at him in disbelief. He obviously detected this disbelief so he lost the amusement in his gaze and became serious. “You really think she’s prettier than you?” He asked.
     “You really think she’s not?” I replied. He nodded surely.
     “Absolutely. Your sister tries too hard to be pretty, along with that, every time I read anything about her she comes off a bit bitchy, no offense.” I smiled and my guard went back down. I hadn’t prepared myself for that. No one except Pablo had ever told me that I was prettier than my sister, especially not someone like Victor. I looked at him and finally shook my head. 
     “No offense taken, she is a bitch.” I said as I began to walk up to him. He smiled and then we began to walk again.
     Victor and I walked for a few more minutes and I was unable to wipe the smile from my face, at least until I heard a crack of thunder and felt water begin to fall through the leaves in the trees and hit me. When the water began to pour through the trees, my smile faded and a frown formed on Victor’s face too. He looked at me, sad. 
     “I’m sorry, I didn’t think it would rain until later on.” I shook my head.
     “It’s ok.” He sighed and turned around.
     “Come on, we better go.” I nodded and we began to walk back down the trail. We got to the car in twenty minutes, by that time we were really wet and I was cold and shivering. Victor wasn’t shivering, in fact, it didn’t even look like the cold rain had bothered him.
     When we were in the car, Victor turned on the heater and he began to drive back into town. We talked a little on the way there but not too much. 
     We got back to the dorm parking lot around eleven. When he parked the car, he unbuckled so I did the same and we got out of the nice warm car and we walked out into the rain. Victor quickly ran over to my side and then we began to walk indoors. He looked at me with an apologetic face.
     “I’m sorry again about the rain.” I chuckled.
     “Don’t be sorry, I had fun.” He smiled.
     “Well then I did my job correctly. Tell me, am I considered a friend yet?” I stared at him for a long moment and then I nodded. 
     “I guess so.” His smile grew even larger and he opened the front door of the building, allowing me to enter. We walked inside and then he spoke.     
     “It’s about time.” He joked. I chuckled. “If I’m a friend does that mean I can have your phone number?” I shook my head.
     “No, not yet.” I looked at him and his eyes squinted and a half smile formed on his lips. 
     “Not yet huh?” He shook his head and we stopped in front of my door. He stared at me and I stared back, not looking away like I normally did. Finally he smiled and nodded. “Alright. I’ll see you later Vanessa. If you hear from Sarah, be sure to let me know.” I shook my head.
     “How?” I questioned. He held both of his hands up to his head in an attempt to look surprised; it was a sarcastic look.
     “Oh that’s right, we don’t have each other’s phone numbers.” He held out his hands and shrugged his shoulders. “Oh well.” He smiled at me and turned around. “I’ll see you around.” He said over his shoulder.
     “See you around.” I said quietly. I watched him walking away and I felt the urge to call out to him and just give him my number. However, I fought the urge and instead, turned to my door and entered the room.
     Once I got into my room, I closed and locked the door behind myself and then I looked around, hoping to see Sarah. She wasn’t in the living room or in the kitchen so I checked the bathroom and the bedroom. She wasn’t here so I decided to call her. I sat down on a kitchen chair and then I dialed her cell phone. It rang until her recording began to speak. I listened to it and then I left a message.
     “Sarah, it’s Vanessa. It’s about eleven fifteen and I was just calling to check on you.” I took in a breath to say my next thought but I let it out and sat silently for a second. Once I had gathered my thoughts I spoke. “Look, about last night, you need to know that nothing went on between me and Victor. I was really tired and I wasn’t sure where you were so I decided to walk home. Victor was driving and he saw me and offered me a ride home. When we got to the house I told him I was gonna make some tea and I invited him in and offered him some. We were just talking when you walked in. I… I know how much you like him so I would never try to do anything to…” I sighed. I was lying to her. What I told her about last night was true but what I was telling her about my not liking Victor, that was a lie, at least I think it was. “Look, Sarah, please just call me back, I need to know that you’re alright and I need to talk to you about all of this. I’m sorry for what I said last night, I didn’t mean any of it I was just mad. Please call me and come home. I’ll talk to you later.” I moved the phone away from my ear and then I hung up. I set the phone in my lap and then I sat in silence for a while. 
     My mind was full of thoughts, so many thoughts. I was thinking about Sarah and how bad I felt for being mean to her. I thought about where she was and if I should call her parents and make sure she was with them. I decided against doing that because I didn’t want to worry them over this. Along with all of my thoughts about Sarah, I thought about Victor. “Why him?” I thought. “Why out of all of the guys in the entire world would I have to get along and like him? I need to stop talking to him and hanging out with him. I don’t want to be that friend that has a crush on their friend’s crush, that’s weird. I can’t help it though; he’s different. He called me pretty, I fascinate him, he wants to be my friend.” I caught myself beginning to smile as I thought of these things so I shook it off. “Vanessa, no! You’re not allowed to like this boy. Pff, why not?” I argued with myself. “Because Sarah is your best… well, Sarah is your only friend. If you indulge yourself with Victor’s company too much more you will ruin the only friendship you have.” I rolled my eyes at my own comment. “Oh my gosh! Maybe it’s not you ruining the friendship. Are you not allowed to like people or something? Sarah can’t claim a human being. She likes Victor but he clearly doesn’t like her, she needs to except the inevitable and move on.” I was liking this new thought process but my argumentative brain wasn’t about to just leave it at that. “Sarah doesn’t understand that Victor doesn’t like her. You can’t like him until she is totally over him. Until she’s totally over him? It’s been a few months and she’s still too chicken to even talk to him. If you’re gonna wait on her then you might as well start making a list of other people you can like; she’s not going to stop liking Victor.” I knew that this was true and that’s where I left this argument at.
     Around eleven thirty I decided that I was tired so I got up and headed to my room. I sat on the edge of my bed and I slid off my shoes and socks and then I picked them up and put them where they belonged. I then changed back into my pajamas and I lied in bed and fell asleep.
     I woke around five in the afternoon. I hadn’t planned on sleeping all day but my staying up all night last night and then waking up early this morning had really taken its toll on me. When I woke up I was really hungry and cold. I instantly went to the kitchen and cooked up my dinner. When it was made I ate it and then I cleaned up the kitchen. After that I went and took a shower. After my shower I sat down at my desk where all of my homework was and I looked at my phone. I had no texts or missed calls. I frowned and opened up a text to Sarah. I wrote:
     “Sarah, where are you? I’m worried because you’re not home yet. If you’re not home by 10:30 tonight I’m gonna call your parents to see if you’re with them. It’s ok if you’re mad at me but I’d appreciate it if you would at least text me and let me know that you’re safe.” I sent the message and then I set my phone down on the desk. I shook my head at the device and then I pulled my homework in front of myself and began to work. 
     I worked on homework until about ten and then after that I read for a while. I had nothing good to read so I was rereading an old book. I really wished right now that I had just given Victor my phone number. I could be talking to him right now rather than being bored, but since I hadn’t, I just made do with reading. “Why did I say ‘no’?” I asked myself. I shook off my question and read the next line in the book. “Did I think playing hard to get would be cool or something? Was it cool?” I wondered as I set the book down. “He probably thinks I just don’t want to talk to him… or maybe he thinks it’s some kind of game. It is a game, isn’t it? Is that not what I was trying to make it into? Ugh, I don’t know what I was trying to do… he didn’t try very hard to get my number. Oh man, I hope I didn’t scare him off by saying ‘no’. What if he doesn’t ask again? Crap, what if I have to ask him next time? I don’t want to ask him, I want him to ask me. Ah! Why didn’t I say yes?” This was a brutal thought process going on in my mind and it went on until ten thirty. At ten thirty though, I pushed my thoughts aside and I grabbed my phone. Since Sarah wasn’t yet home, I thought I would give her parents a call. I had only met her parents once when we all went out to lunch together. They knew my name so hopefully when I told them it was Vanessa Howell they would know who I was. I had Sarah’s parents in my contacts so I dialed their house phone and I waited. After a few rings a very sleepy sounding Mrs. Ellen answered.
     “Hello.” She babbled. She sounded half asleep. 
     “Hi Mrs. Ellen, it’s Vanessa.”
     “Hi Vanessa.” 
     “Um, I was just wondering if Sarah was at your house.”
     “No, Sarah’s not here.” She yawned. “Why?” She inquired. I shook my head.
     “We got in a disagreement last night and she took off. I thought she would go to your house for the night because you guys live so close but you said she’s not there. I’m really worried about her because she hasn’t called or text me back at all today. I was just wondering if you guys had heard from her.”
     “No, we haven’t heard from her at all.” She said, sounding nervous now. “Did she just take off?” 
     “Yes.”
     “Did you go and try to stop her?” I bit my lip feeling guilty.
     “No, we both said really rude stuff to each other and she had thrown my car keys into the trees so I didn’t go after her.” 
     “Have you contacted the police at all?” Sarah’s mom sounded angry.
     “No, I was waiting to see if she would come back but since she isn’t yet I thought that I would call you and see if she was with you. Since she’s not, I’m going to fill out a missing person’s report.”
     “Are you going to do it right now?” I nodded. 
     “I think so.”
     “Here, why don’t you let me do it since I’m her family. You just tell me exactly what happened and then I’ll go down to the station and fill one out.”
     “Ok. Will you do me a favor and give her a call too, just to see if she picks up? I think she might not be responding to my calls and texts because she’s mad at me.”
     “Of course.” 
     I told Sarah’s mom what had happened last night and she seemed upset with Sarah. She apologized on her behalf and then she told me she would call her. If Sarah didn’t pick up she would go to the police station and fill out the report. I apologized for not having gone after her and Mrs. Ellen said it was fine. When she knew everything, she hung up and then I was left with just my thoughts. I had been comforted with the thought that Sarah was with her parents but now that I knew she wasn’t with them, I felt troubled. “Where could she go besides to them?” I wondered. “Where is Sarah?”





























Chapter 7

     The previous night I’d had trouble falling asleep because I wanted so desperately to hear from Sarah; I never did though. Her mom hadn’t called me back that night but early on the next morning, Monday November 2nd, I got a call from her and she told me that she had tried to contact Sarah but had no luck. She said that she went to the police station and filled out the report and that the police were going to get on it right away. I felt better knowing that if something was wrong we had the police looking for her. I figured that it was just Sarah being overly dramatic but I had a small feeling that it wasn’t just that.
     After I had received the call from Mrs. Ellen, I woke up and began my morning routine. I ate breakfast, drank coffee, showered and got ready to go. I had woken up an hour earlier than normal so with some of my spare time I decided to call Sarah. I dialed her phone and then I waited. It went straight to voicemail so I decided to leave, yet another, message.
     “Sarah, it’s Vanessa. Hey, so you didn’t contact me at all yesterday and you didn’t come home last night so I called your mom and she filed a missing person’s report. Please call your mom back. If you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine, but at least call your mom back, she’s really worried about you. I hope you call us back. I’ll talk to you later.” I hung up the phone and then I set it to my side. I could have stayed sitting down and just thought stuff through but I didn’t want to do that because I knew the more I thought about her the more anxious I would get. So I proofread over my homework and then I gathered it all up and got all of my stuff ready for today’s classes. When it was time to go, I left the house and headed to my first class. 
     The class went by quickly and, to my dismay, Sarah hadn’t contacted me or her mother. I text her and then I went back to the dorm to check for her. She wasn’t there so I just ate my lunch and rested while awaiting the start of my next class. 
     When it was time to leave for my last class, I left the dorm and headed to the building. This class felt longer than the last and I was glad to have a distraction from the outside world. If I could just make it to work then I would be so busy that I’d forget all about Sarah. It’s not like I didn’t want to think about her, it was just, worrying about stuff never fixed it. The more I worried, the more stressed I would be and me being stressed would do no more than me not being stressed would.
     After my class was over, I headed straight home and cleaned up and changed for work. When I had some free time, I checked my phone. I had no texts or calls so I put it into my pocket and I went to my car to head to work. 
     I got to the restaurant at four fifty and I decided to go and speak with Daniel. I walked through the restaurant and back to his office. I knocked on the door but he didn’t answer. I frowned and turned around. I looked across the room and saw Daniel walking through the restaurant toward me. He flashed me a smile and I smiled back unenthusiastically. He saw my look and frowned. He then saw the cut and bruise on my face and he looked confused.
     “What happened to your face?” He wondered as he approached me. I shook my head, telling him that I didn’t want to talk about it. He nodded and opened his office door, inviting me in. “Come on in.” I walked inside and then he entered behind me. He walked over to his desk and set down some stuff. He looked at me. “I’m glad to see you didn’t die of sleep deprivation the other night.” He joked, unable to get past the injury on my face. I half smiled and shook my head. 
     “No, I’m fine.” Daniel sighed.
     “What’s wrong?” He knew that something was up.
     “I’m really worried Daniel.” He nodded.
     “I’d be worried too if I had a big ole bruise on my face.” He joked. 
     “I’m serious Daniel.” He looked at my face and nodded. He walked over to the door, closed it and then motioned for me to sit down on one of the two chairs in the corner of the room. I sat down and he sat by me.
     “What happened?” He inquired.
     “Ok, so on Halloween night, Sarah never came to get me so I decided to walk home.” He flashed me a disapproving look.
     “Vanessa, it was freezing, why didn’t you just let me drive you home?” I shook my head.
     “I don’t know, I didn’t want to bother you.” He shook his head and sighed. 
     “Why are you worried?” He asked.
     “Well, a friend of mine saw me walking and gave me a ride home. When we got home, I invited him in for some tea and when Sarah got home she got all mad at me.”
     “Why was she mad at you?” He sounded confused.
     “Because the friend that drove me home was Victor.” I mumbled. Daniel nodded in understanding. He knew about her crush on Victor and now understood.
     “So you’re worried because she’s mad at you?” I shook my head.
     “No, I don’t really care that she’s mad at me. I’m concerned because she ran off that night and she hasn’t come back.” Daniel sat up a little straighter, clearly puzzled.
     “Is that why she wasn’t at work this morning?” I nodded.
     “Yes.” He frowned.
     “Well has she called you at least?” I shook my head.
     “No, I haven’t heard from her at all. I got worried last night so I called her mom and she isn’t at her parents’ house and they haven’t heard from her. Her mom filed a missing person’s report last night.” Daniel sighed and shook his head.
     “I called and left her a voicemail earlier because she didn’t come in to work; I figured she had just been busy with homework or something.”
     “No.” I wore a frown and I knew Daniel could tell how I felt. 
     “Hey, I’m sure she’s alright.” He comforted. “She’s probably just working things out in her head.” I looked at him disbelievingly.
     “For two days? She doesn’t have anywhere to go Daniel.” I said in a solemn tone. I shook my head and stood up. “I should have gone after her when she ran away. I was mad at her though; she said some mean stuff and then she threw my keys into the trees. I was so mad at her, I didn’t want to chase after her.” He looked at my cheek again.
     “Did she do that to you?” He asked as he nodded at the injury.” I nodded.
     “Yeah.” He shook his head and stood up.
     “You can’t do anything about it Vanessa.” He said as honestly as possible. “She’s the one who ran off.” I nodded, knowing he was right.
     “I know, I’m just scared for her. She was drunk and it was late and cold. What if some creeper offered her a ride and she took it because she wasn’t thinking straight?” He frowned, not having thought of that. 
     Daniel and I were quiet for a minute before I looked over at the clock. It was almost five. I looked back at Daniel.
     “I’m gonna go clock in.” I said as I took a step toward the door. “If you hear from Sarah at all, will you tell me?” I begged. He nodded. 
     “You’ll be the first person I call.” I smiled at him and then I left the room.
     After I clocked in, I got busy enough to forget all of my worries. That was the one thing I like about work, it always kept me busy enough to distract me from everything else. My work was normal for the most part. I had a few regulars ask me what happened to my face and I lied to them, telling them that I went hiking and got smacked by a tree; I didn’t really want to go around telling people that my friend slapped me across the face. Everything was relatively normal, that was, until he showed up. 
     At about nine in the evening, the hostess walked around the corner and seated someone. I hadn’t paid any mind to either of them until she came up to me with a huge grin on her face.
     “You are one lucky pup.” She whispered. I looked at her and tilted my head.
     “Why?”
     “I just seated Gorgeous McDreamy at one of your tables.” She winked at me. “You owe me one.” I nodded and tried to see the guy at the table. I couldn’t see him from where I was so I decided to go and get his drink order.
     I grabbed my paper and pen and then I walked over to my table. When I got to it, I was able to see who it was, and boy was the hostess right about me owing her one. The man seated at the table was Victor. When I saw him, my stomach flipped and I’m sure my face kind of went blank. He smiled at me and then I composed myself.
     “Hi, I’m Vanessa and I’ll be your waitress tonight.” I was required to give my name even when I knew the people, this made things awkward. Victor’s face grew a sarcastic shade of surprised and his smile widened.
     “Vanessa, what are the odds that you work at the restaurant that I decided to eat at tonight?” I shook my head.
     “I told you I worked here like two days ago.” He nodded as if he was recalling that.
     “Oh yeah, you did mention that, didn’t you?” I smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah.” I held up my paper and pen and looked at him. “Can I get you anything to drink tonight?” He nodded.
     “A Coca-Cola will do just fine.” I nodded and wrote it down. 
     “And do you know what you want to order or do you need some more time?” He looked at the menu for a second and then he looked back at me. 
     “Hmm… no, I think I need a little more time to decide.” 
     “Alright.” I put away my pen and paper. “I’ll be right back with your drink.” 
     “I’ll be here.” He reassured me. I chuckled and then I went to get him his drink.
     When I got the drink and brought it to Victor, I then checked on all of my other tables and brought out some food to people. When it was Victor’s turn, I went to him. I approached his table and he smiled at me. I returned the smile.
     “Are you ready to order?” I questioned. He looked from me to the menu and he shook his head. He then looked back at me.
     “Well, to be honest, I don’t eat here all that much so I’m not sure what’s good and what isn’t. What would you recommend?” 
     “Well,” I said as I opened up his menu and turned the page, “I’m pretty simple so I usually just get the chicken sandwich; it’s really good.” He nodded, convinced.
     “Well then, I’ll have the chicken sandwich.” I took out my notepad and pen and I wrote down his order. 
     “Alright and what do you want for your side?” He looked at the menu and then at me for guidance. I smiled. “The seasoned fries are good.” I offered. He nodded.
     “Seasoned fries it is.” I jotted that down and then I looked at him. 
     “Your food will be out shortly.” He nodded and then I walked away, sad to leave his company. 
     I gave Victor’s order to the cook and then I checked on my other tables. A few people left and then a few people came in, not all of the new people were mine. When Victor’s food was ready, I grabbed it and began to walk to his table. When I got to Victor, I set his food before him and then I looked at his drink. It didn’t look like it had even been touched. I looked at him and then began to speak.
     “Can I get you anything else?” I asked. He nodded.
     “You can, actually, you can sit down and talk to me for just one minute.” I paused and looked over at all of my other tables. Everyone looked content so I looked back at Victor and nodded.
     “Yeah, I think I can spare a minute.” He smiled and I sat on the unoccupied side of the booth. He looked at my face and shook his head.
     “Does your cheek hurt?” He sounded solicitous. I shook my head.
     “No, I mean it hurts a little but it’s really not too bad.” He nodded.
     “My uncle said that a Mrs. Ellen filed a missing person’s report for a Sarah Ellen. Have you not heard from her at all?” He wondered. I frowned and shook my head.
     “No. I was concerned last night because around ten she still wasn’t back so I called her parents. Her mom went and filed the report.”
     “Well, my uncle has got people working on the file now.” I nodded.
     “Good.” He smiled at me and then I knew that I had to go. I frowned and slid out of the booth. “Well, I have to get back to my other tables. I’ll be back in a little and you can tell me how you’re liking that sandwich.” He nodded and I walked away.
     I checked all of my tables and served some food. When it was time to check on Victor, I walked over to his table. To my dismay, when I arrived, he was not there. I looked at his food and drink, both were untouched. I looked around to see if he had merely gone to the bathroom but I didn’t see him anywhere. I looked back at the table and saw that there was a note lying on it. I grabbed the note and opened up the folded paper. When I opened it, cash fell onto the table. I grabbed the money to discover that it was a one hundred dollar bill. Perplexed, I began to read the note.
     “Vanessa, I’m so sorry, but something came up and I had to go. Please understand. I’ve left one hundred dollars to pay for my meal. Whatever money is leftover, keep for your outstanding service. Also, I feel it’s such a waste to just let perfectly good food go to waste so if you would do me a favor and take it home with you so you could have it, I’d be very grateful. Sorry for any inconvenience. Sincerely, Victor” I closed the note and looked at the money and then at the food. I sighed and shook my head. I walked to the back and grabbed a box and then I returned to Victor’s table and put all of the food in the box. I then put the box by my stuff in the back and I went to pay for the meal with the money Victor had left. It was like a ten dollar meal and he had left me one hundred dollars. I put the ninety dollars in my tip pouch but I wasn’t planning on keeping it. Ninety dollars was too much and I didn’t want to keep it. I would return it to him the next time I saw him.
     The rest of the night went by pretty quickly. I didn’t think of Sarah at all, instead, my mind was filled with images of Victor and questions about him. “Why did he leave me all of that money? Does he pity me and how hard I have to work? Pff, no matter how much I pitied a person, I wouldn’t leave them ninety bucks. Maybe he didn’t know how much the meal was so he just left that much in case. We’re at Denny’s though, how much does he think a chicken sandwich costs?” I over thought everything until my shift was over. When it was time for me to go home, I clocked out and then I grabbed my stuff and went home. 
     When back at the dorm, I grabbed my purse and my food and I went to my room. I unlocked the front door and I walked inside. I flipped on the light and closed and locked the door behind myself. I looked around, checking for Sarah but I didn’t see her. I set all of my stuff down in the kitchen and I checked the bedroom to see if she was asleep. Her bed was empty as it had been for the last few nights. I frowned and walked into the kitchen to my chair. I sat down and pulled out my phone. I dialed Sarah and I listened as the phone rang. When it went to her voicemail, I hung up the phone and set it down on the table. 
     I sat silently for a few minutes until I decided that I wanted to eat my food and go to bed. So I opened up the box, ate half of the food and then I put the rest in the small fridge we had. I then changed into my pajamas, brushed my teeth and then I lied down to go to bed, falling asleep instantly.
     My alarm clock woke me up on the morning of November 3rd, and like usual, I yelled at it and hit it, trying to get it to be quiet. When I was conscious, I looked over at Sarah’s bed to find it empty. I then got up and began my normal morning routine. When it came time to take a shower, I saw my face in the mirror. The bruise had gotten a little better and the small cut that had been there was already healing and was barely visible. My face still didn’t look normal but the bruise looked like it would be gone in another day or two. I took my good sweet time this morning because my class started later on today. A lot of the extra free time I had, I spent looking at scholarships and grants and working on homework.
     Around eleven forty-five, I stopped what I was doing and I called Sarah. When she didn’t pick up, I hung up the phone and left her a text message. After that, I gathered all of my stuff and I left for my class.
     My class went by relatively fast and when it was over, I headed out to the place where I always ate my lunch on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. I always sat on a bench under a big tree. The tree had no leaves at the time because we were close to being in the winter months. I could only imagine how beautiful it would look in the spring and summer. As I sat on my bench, I felt a cold breeze nip at my nose and I felt it beginning to run. My nose had a nasty habit of running when it was cold. I grabbed a tissue out of my bag and began to wipe my nose when someone sat at my side. I put the tissue in my pocket when my nose was dry and then I looked at the person who had situated himself next to me. I smiled when I saw it was Victor.
     “Hello.” He said casually as he leaned back in his seat.
     “Hi.” I said as I crossed my legs so I was sitting crisscross on the bench. I then reached into my bag and pulled out the leftover food from last night; I had put the food in a small Tupperware bowl. I placed it in my lap and then I looked at Victor. He was looking at the food and then he looked at me and smiled.
     “How’s that sandwich?” He questioned. I nodded and opened the lid. 
     “It’s great. You would know if you had stayed to eat it.” He chuckled and nodded.
     “Yeah, sorry about that; something came up.” I shrugged.
     “It’s ok.” I picked up the sandwich and I held it toward him, offering some to him. He stared at it for a second and then he looked at my face. He stared at me for a moment and then he nodded and took the sandwich from me. He took a bite of it and then he handed it back to me. I took it from him and watched as he ate. He chewed it and then swallowed and then he nodded.
     “Not bad.” I smiled at him and then I began to eat the sandwich. After I swallowed my first bite, I began to speak.
     “So, I have some money I need to return to you.” He stared at me with a questioning gaze.
     “Oh, and what money would that be?” 
     “The tip you left last night was like ninety dollars; that’s too much for a tip.” I insisted. He shook his head.
     “No, I tipped you for your high quality service.” I laughed.
     “High quality service my ass! The most I’ve ever gotten in tip money is ten dollars.” He shook his head.
     “No, the most you’ve ever gotten in tip money is what I gave you.” He smiled charmingly at me. I looked away from him so that I wouldn’t give in.
     “It’s too much.” I said as I took a bite of the food. I peeked up at him and saw that he was nodding.
     “You know what, you’re right, it was a lot of money; you owe me a phone number.” “Well there you have it, that’s why he gave you the money.” I thought. “Oh, a phone number and an answer to a question.” He added. I frowned and stared at him. His eyes were hopeful so I nodded.
     “Alright, you can have my number.” I was trying not to show the excitement I was feeling; I didn’t want him to know that I had hoped he would ask again.
     “And an answer?” He inquired. I nodded.
     “And an answer.” He smiled and grabbed out his phone.
     “Alright, tell me your phone number and, just for the heck of it, I’ll give you mine.” I smiled and told him my number. Once I had done so, I pulled out my phone and he gave me his.” I then put my phone away and continued eating my lunch. Victor slid his phone into his pocket and then he looked at me. “Ok, so my question is: why did Sarah freak out so much on Halloween night?” I froze for a moment, trying to think of how I could answer this question.
“She freaked out because she knows you like him.” I thought. “Well I can’t tell him that! Why not?” I sighed and looked at him.
     “Sarah freaked out because she is madly in love with you. She has a huge crush on you and she thinks that I… she thinks that I like you. She got jealous and that’s why she freaked out.” Victor stared at me with a questioning gaze. 
     “She thinks you like me? Why does she think that?” I shrugged.
     “I don’t know.” I lied.
     “Is it true? Do you like me?” He wore a cocky grin. I quickly shook my head and looked down. I could feel myself blushing. 
     “No, it’s not true! I don’t like you like that.” I babbled. I felt like an idiot for lying to him and I knew that I was messing up any chance I had with him by lying to him. I looked at him, expecting him to look different than he did. Victor wore the same smile and he crossed his arms.
     “Oh, and why is that untrue?” He asked.
     “Because I… because Sarah loves you and I would be a horrible best friend if I…” I closed my mouth right there, having revealed more than I had intended to. “Idiot!” I thought. “You basically just told him that you don’t like him because Sarah likes him.” I looked at Victor and his smile had widened. I looked away a quick as I could and I looked down at my lap.
     “Well,” Victor began, “I don’t like Sarah the same way she likes me and I never will.” He stood up. “Perhaps that will give you something to think about.” He took a step away and then he turned around as if he had something else to say. “I was really sad that I was unable to finish my meal last night. Maybe if someone came to dinner with me tonight I would make sure I could stay through the whole meal.” He winked at me and then he turned around and began to leave. My eyes were locked on Victor until he was out of sight and then I was left with my thoughts.
     I sat alone on my bench and I no longer wanted my meal. I packed it all up and I continued to sit. I stared at the grass as I thought. “Did he ask me on a date?” I wondered. I shook my head. “Even if he did, it doesn’t matter. Doesn’t matter? Pff, of course it matters! A guy you’re interested in just asked you out on a date; this is a big stinking deal! I can’t go with him.” I insisted. “Oh my gosh, because of Sarah, I know. You need to do yourself a favor though and forget Sarah. Victor said that he doesn’t even like her and that he won’t like her; you’d be stupid not to go out with him because she likes him. Come on, just go out with the man!” I bit my lip, wanting so badly to give in and just go with him. Despite my desire, I shook my head and stood up. I grabbed my bag and I headed back to my dorm room.
     I got to the house around two forty-five and when I did, I put away the rest of the sandwich and I began to work on a paper of mine that was nearly done. As hard as I tried to stay focused, my mind kept wandering to Victor and I kept wondering where we would go if we went on a date and what we would do. At three thirty, I gave up on trying to do my homework and I just sat at my chair and got beat up by my thoughts. 
     At four in the afternoon, I’d had enough of it. “I’m gonna do it!” I thought. “I’m going to text Victor and tell him that I’ll go on a date with him. I like him and don’t want to miss out just because Sarah will be jealous.” I stopped that thought and then I felt guilty. “But I left her voicemails saying that nothing was going on between me and Victor. What if she comes home to see that I went on a date with him. That’ll be it for our friendship, she’ll never talk to me again.” I sighed. “But she’s not talking to me now, what’ll be the difference if I go out with him?” I knew that my decision was wrong but I did it anyway. I grabbed my phone and I opened up a text to Victor. 
     “What time do you want to go to dinner?” I typed. I read over the text and then I stared at the send button. “Oh man, that was just half the battle, now I have to send the message.” I stared at the send button for at least two minutes before I decided just staring at it was stupid. I finally hit the button and set down my phone.
     As I waited for Victor to reply to my message, I felt shaky and almost sick to my stomach. I couldn’t tell why I was so nervous, he was the one that had asked me out after all. When my phone rang I nearly had a heart attack; I jumped and hastily grabbed the phone. I opened up the text message. It read: 
     “Oh, look who gave into the dark side! Well, I assume you have work tonight so my whole dinner plan might be more of a lunch plan. I was thinking we could leave like… now.” I felt my heart drop as I remembered work. “Dammit!” I thought. “I forgot all about work.”
     I thought over what I could do and finally I decided that I would just call in sick to work; I had a few sick days anyway. I dialed Daniel and he picked up moments later.
     “Hello?”
     “Hey Daniel, it’s Vanessa.”
     “Hi Vanessa, what’s up?”
     “I’m not feeling too hot, I think I caught a cold or something.”
     “Oh no, what’s wrong with you?” He sounded concerned.
     “I have a stomach bug. I was going to try to come in to work but I don’t think I can do it.” I felt horrible for lying to him but I had to do it.
     “That’s not good, I’m sorry to hear that. Don’t worry about coming in, I’ll see if Savannah can come in and take over for you.”
     “I’m really sorry, I just don’t want to get anyone sick.” 
     “Don’t worry about it, Tuesdays are never a problem. Get lots of rest, ok.” 
     “I will. I think I’ll be able to come in tomorrow.”
     “Alright, stay home and get lots of rest.” 
     “Ok, thanks Daniel.”
     “You’re welcome.” I heard a beep and then he was gone. I took the phone away from my ear and frowned. I hated lying to Daniel, he was always so nice so I felt like I was betraying him when I lied. I didn’t do it often, maybe only one other time before this.
     Once work was settled, I text back Victor. 
     “I don’t have work tonight,” I typed, “So we can go to dinner.” I sent the message and awaited his response. When my phone rang, I grabbed it and read the text. 
     “Great! In that case, I’ll pick you up from your dorm room at eight tonight.” 
     “Where are we going?” I asked. A moment later, he text me back and I read it. 
     “Somewhere fancy.” I nodded to myself and then I text him one last thing. 
     “Alright, I’ll see you tonight.” I then slid my phone into my pocket and I looked at the clock. It was four fifteen; I had a few hours until he came. I sat there for a moment thinking of what he had said. “We’re going somewhere fancy… do I own anything I can wear to a fancy restaurant?” I did indeed own a good dress, however, it was in my closet, at my mother’s house. I shook my head at that thought. “No, that won’t work.” I thought a little more and realized that I had no dresses with me except for a sweater dress. I bit my lip and sighed. I would have to go and buy one. 
     I, after a few minutes, forced myself to get up and go grab my wallet and keys. When I had my stuff, I left the dorm room and I walked out to the parking lot and to my car. I got into the car and then I began to drive to a local clothing store.
     When I got to the store, I parked my car and got out. I instantly walked into the store and to the dress section. I tended to dilly-dally when shopping but I didn’t have a whole lot of time for that today. I searched around for something nice, but not too formal. After about twenty minutes, I hadn’t seen anything I liked and I began to get a little stressed out. When I was certain I wouldn’t find anything, I came across a nice little dress. I took it off of the rack and examined it. I decided it was pretty so I, in hopes that it would look as good on me as it did on the hanger, ran to the dressing room to try it on.
     When I was in the dressing room, I put on the dress and then I looked myself over in the mirror. The dress was actually quite beautiful and I continuously looked it over. It was a dark purple color, it was knee-length, and it had a bateau neckline. The dress was a little tight, not because it was too small on me, but because that was the style of the dress. This part of the dress wasn’t all that interesting, what had caught my eye was the black lace that covered the purple dress. Over the purple was a black, floral lace that covered every inch of the purple. You were able to see through the lace and see the purple dress but the lace added something to the otherwise normal dress. I was quite fond of it. I looked myself over in the mirror. The front of me looked good, the back looked good. I turned to the side so I could observe the side view and I was a little conflicted. It was tight so you were able to see my stomach, my stomach wasn’t protruding or anything but it was there. I bit my lip, beginning to feel self-conscious. “Hmm… I could get this dress but what if he thinks it makes me look fat? I don’t really look fat I guess.” I stared at it and then I nodded. It would do. The only other problem I could detect with the dress was that it was sleeveless. Very rarely did I wear anything sleeveless because of the many scars I had on my arms. Like I had mentioned before, my way of coping with emotions used to be very bad. I self-harmed and now, later on in my life, I had to deal with the consequences. I stared at my left arm and could see the many scars from knives and razor blades. I ran my finger over the scars and shook my head, angry with myself. There were probably about one hundred scars on the upper part of my arm. Some were long and some were short, some were deep and some weren’t. A lot of the scars had faded so they were hard to see but I knew that they were there. I sighed and looked down at my legs. I had cut the top of my thighs as well on both of my legs. I couldn’t see those scars now because the dress was too long; I was grateful for this fact. I moved my gaze back to my arm. I really didn’t want to spend another twenty minutes looking for a different dress and I could cover my scars with makeup. So I stripped and got back into my normal clothes. I then took the dress with me and headed to the shoe department. I grabbed a pair of nice black heels that matched the dress and then I went to check out. 
     I left the store around five thirty and then I went to my car and headed home. I felt guilty because I had spent fifty dollars on the outfit that I would probably only wear once. I tried to forget about that and I thought about all of the other things I had to do.
     When I got back to the dorm, I parked my car and got out. I grabbed my bag out of the back and then I began to walk to the building. I was surprised to see James standing by the front door of the building. My pace slowed as I approached him. He looked at me with big brown eyes and I could tell that he was here for a reason. I didn’t want to stop walking because I knew he would start talking if I did. I hoped to just say a polite hello and keep walking, however, that wasn’t the case.
     I walked up to James and I nodded at him.
     “Hello.” I said as I continued to walk, attempting to enter the building.
     “Vanessa, wait.” He said as he held out his arm in front of me. I stopped so I wouldn’t run into it and then I took a large step back. I looked at him.
     “Sorry, I’m kind of in a hurry James.” This was kind of true. He shook his head.
     “I’ve been looking for you.” He said, not acknowledging my previous comment. I became defensive at what he had just said. I really didn’t like James; usually I was willing to give people the benefit of the doubt but I couldn’t seem to get over Sarah and Daniel’s comments on him. Both Sarah and Daniel had said he was weird and a stalker, this turned off any willingness I had to be friends with James. It was cruel of me to jump to conclusions about the guy but I couldn’t help it. I stared at James and crossed my arms, my bags still in hand.
     “You were looking for me?” I interrogated. He nodded.
     “Oh yes.” He said this and then remained silent. I waited for him to say something else but he didn’t so I spoke.
     “May I ask why?” 
     “I just wanted to ask you if Sarah had returned.” My arms dropped to my side and I stared at him, confused.
     “Sarah isn’t gone.” I lied. He shook his head.
     “Oh but she is. Her professors haven’t seen her in a few days nor has your boss, I checked.” “Damn this guy is weird.” I thought. “Just leave Vanessa.” Going against what I knew the smart thing to do was, I stayed.
     “What’s it to you if she’s gone?” I asked as I returned my arms to their folded position.
     “We’re friends and I tend to get… anxious when I don’t know where my friends are. Surely you know that feeling, don’t you Vanessa?” His words were cold and they reflected the emptiness in his eyes. I felt my eyes squint into a glare and I looked at James, feeling somewhat threatened by his words.
     “You wouldn’t happen to know where she is, would you James?” I hissed. He shook his head, seemingly insulted by my words.
     “Of course not! Why would I be asking you if she was back if I knew where she was?” He had a point so I stopped glaring at him and I shook my head.
     “I don’t know where she is.” I said as I dropped my hands to my side. “Now, if you would excuse me, I’m quite busy and must be going.” I took a step forward, attempting to enter the building but I was stopped again. The difference between this time and the last time was that this time, he grabbed me. James reached out and grabbed my left wrist and he tugged hard, pulling me backward. I gasped, shocked at the sudden pain in my wrist and dropped my bags. I jolted my head toward James and I could swear the corner of his lips were lifted up into a grin. “Let go of me!” I said as I tugged against him. He didn’t let go but he grabbed my other wrist and pulled me close to him. I tugged against him but he was a lot stronger than he looked.
     “Don’t worry about Sarah.” He said in a reassuring voice as his hands wrapped tighter around my wrists, hurting me. “I’m sure you’ll be with her really soon.” He smiled at me and let go of my wrists and walked away.  






Chapter 8

     The second James let go of me, I picked up my bags and I ran into the building and to my room. My left wrist was throbbing and I had a blank expression on my face. When I got to my door I quickly unlocked it, walked inside and shut and locked the door behind myself. Only when I was safely inside my dorm room did I stop and let my mind process what had just happened. My heart was pounding and I felt adrenaline rushing through my body causing me to shake. I dropped my bag and my purse to the ground and I looked at my left wrist; it was red because of how hard James had grabbed me. “Damn.” I thought. “The little bastard’s stronger than he looks.” I rubbed my wrist and then I took in a deep breath. “What was all of that even about?” I wondered. “First he was wondering where she was, then he was telling me I’d be with her soon… why the hell did he grab me, the little shit! Language, Vanessa, language.” I took in another deep breath, calming myself down. “Right. I should report him to the police for assault… and creepiness… can I do that, can I report him for creepiness?” I shook my head. “Dammit, I can’t.” I bit my lip. “I can report him for assault though.” I looked at my wrist again. I knew that it would bruise. “Just what I need, another bruise. The one on my face is bad enough, I don’t need another one.” I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair. “Do I need to report him?” I thought. I didn’t want to spend a whole ton of time reporting this, after all, it wasn’t like he had hit me. “Oh yeah, his grabbing you and pulling you is no big deal.” I thought sarcastically. I grunted at this thought because I knew it was correct. “I have to report it, he can’t just grab people against their will. I’ll go in tomorrow morning and report him. Right now though, I need to get ready for my date.” I froze as that word flew through my head. “Date… date? Oh my gosh, I’m actually going on a date!” I thought about it and this would, in a way, be like my first date. I’d never had boyfriends growing up because I was always too busy with school and work. Along with those factors, Giselle and my mom always had crap boyfriends while I was growing up so I had been kind of turned off to the whole boyfriend concept. Now though, things were different; Victor wasn’t a bad guy. Victor seemed nice, at least from what I could tell he did. When I thought about him I couldn’t help but feel a little happy; I didn’t know why this was but I liked the feeling. 
     I stood by the door for a long minute before I was able to compose my thoughts. Once I had, I snapped back into reality and I began to get ready for my date. I had two hours until Victor would be here but I didn’t want to rush getting ready. I picked up my bags and I took them to my bed. I looked around the room for Sarah but didn’t see her. I dropped my bags on the bed and I sat down on the edge of it. I grabbed out my phone and I dialed Sarah’s number. I listened, hoping she would answer. What James had said had freaked me out and I wanted her to answer her phone. When she didn’t answer and the voicemail tone rang, I began to speak.
     “Sarah, it’s me. I’m really scared, James was just outside of the dorm building and he was waiting for me to get here. He said some really weird stuff and I’m afraid that… I just need to know that you’re ok. Call me.” I hung up and tossed the phone on the bed. I shook my head and sat there for a while. 
     I finally got up and went to the bathroom. I grabbed some nail polish and I began to paint my fingernails. When my nails were done, I put away the polish and I wiped off any existing makeup on my face. When my face was clean, I went out to the living room and I read until seven. At seven, I continued getting ready. I brushed through my hair and I began to style it so it looked nice. I curled my hair and put it up. Usually I had someone to do my hair when I needed it done so it didn’t look as nice as it normally would have. However, I thought it looked good considering the fact that I did it by myself. When my hair was done, I put on my makeup. It looked really nice because I had spent a good twenty-five minutes on it. My makeup had taken longer than I had expected because I had to apply it to my arm to cover up the scars so I only had ten minutes until Victor got here. I only had to throw on my clothes, shoes and jewelry and then I would be done. So, I quickly ran to my room and I dumped the clothes out of the bag and I grabbed the dress. I removed the tags from the dress and then I slid it on. I then grabbed the heels out of their box and I put them on. When my shoes were on, I quickly walked over to the bathroom and I put on my jewelry. Right as I was putting in my left earring, I heard a knock on the door. My attention flew to the clock and I saw that it was exactly eight. “He’s even punctual… you’ve got yourself a winner Vanessa.” I thought. I blushed at my own comment and I shook it off. I quickly grabbed my little black purse that was on my bed and I ran over to the front door. I stopped at the large mirror in the room and I looked myself over. I couldn’t help but smile because I actually looked pretty. I didn’t often think that I was pretty, but, every once in a blue moon I would look at myself and think that I was. I looked at my arm and nodded; you couldn’t even tell that there were scars there. I smiled at my reflection in the mirror and then I quickly opened the front door. When I opened the door, I saw Victor standing there. He wore a black suit that made me feel better about dressing up. I had kind of worried that I had overdressed but now that I saw him, I felt better. He looked at me and I could see his eyes scanning me. I felt awkward in a way but I just stood there, preparing myself for his response. Finally, Victor smiled.
     “You look beautiful.” He complimented. I sighed in relief and I smiled. 
     “Thank you.” I muttered. He looked inside and then at me.
     “Are you ready to go?” He asked. I looked behind myself and then at him.
     “Yeah, I think we’re good to go.” He nodded and held out his arm, urging me to take it. I stared at his arm for a second and then my thoughts kicked in. “Have you had any real physical contact with him?” I thought. I couldn’t remember having really touched him. The thought of him holding my arm sent a weird feeling through my stomach and I didn’t know what the feeling was. A part of me wanted to reach out and hold his arm but the bigger part of me told me not to. Without really making a conscious decision I slid past him and closed the door behind myself. I instantly began to walk down the hall. I could feel the mortification on my face and I wanted to turn back and apologize to him and take his arm. “What are you doing!” I yelled at myself. “Turn around and say sorry.” I hesitantly looked back at him, expecting him to look angry or hurt. To my surprise though, he didn’t. Victor looked like he had expected me to do just that and, in a way, he looked satisfied. “Hmm… maybe that’s why he likes me?” I thought. “Maybe he likes me because my awkwardness comes off as me playing hard to get. What if he only wanted to go out with me because he thinks I’m playing hard to get? Come on, give yourself a little more credit; he asked you out because he likes you, not because he thinks you’re playing games with him.” I nodded at my thought and then I slowed my pace so I could walk by Victor. When I was by his side, I looked at him and he looked over at me. He smiled and I quickly looked away and smiled too. We walked until we were in the parking lot and then we walked over to his car. Victor opened the door for me and I slid into the car.
     “Thank you.” I whispered as he shut the door. I watched as he got into the driver’s seat and then he started the car and began to drive.
     We were silent for a few minutes before Victor began to talk.
     “So, what made you decide to go to dinner with me?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “I don’t really know.” I said honestly. He smiled and nodded.
     “Well I’m glad you decided to come.” I smiled at him and then I looked down at my lap. I had so many questions for him but I wasn’t sure how to ask them. After a time of silence I decided that I just needed to ask him. So I looked over at him and spoke.
     “Why do you live with your uncle and not your parents or on your own?” He was silent for a long minute as if he was trying to think of the words to say. After a while, he looked at me.
     “My parents died a few years back.” He replied simply. I frowned and looked down. I knew that this was a touchy subject, but I wanted to know more.
     “How did they die?” I asked as I looked down at my hands.
     “I was spending the night at a friend’s house and at three in the morning I got a call from the police department. They told me that my parents’ house had burned down and that I needed to come down to the station. I kept asking them where my parents were and if they were ok but they just kept telling me to come down to the station. So my friend’s family and I went to the station and they told me that my parents’ house had burned down with them in it. My parents’ didn’t make it.” I frowned and felt sad for him.
     “How did it start, the fire I mean?” He shook his head and I looked at him.
     “My mom liked candles. The fire department said that it looked like a drape had caught on fire.” I nodded and looked away.
     “I’m sorry.” I said as I stared out the window.
     “It’s ok, it happened a long time ago.” I looked back at him.
     “How old were you when it happened?” 
     “I was seventeen, almost eighteen.”
     “What did you do after the fire?” I wondered.
     “Well, I lived with my uncle for a few months and then when I turned eighteen, I moved away for a few years. I was going to college in California for a while and then I decided I wanted to come back here to visit my uncle.” I nodded and then we were quiet. 
     We drove for a while longer and then Victor decided that he wanted to talk.
     “So, I know you have some family problems and I don’t want to make you uncomfortable by getting into them, however, I have one question.” I nodded and looked at him.
     “Ok.”
     “I haven’t heard you speak of your father at all. I’ve heard you speak of your mom and sister but not of your father. Do you have problems with him too?” I shook my head.
     “No, my uh, my parents divorced when I was really little and my dad left. I’ve never met him.” Victor nodded.
     “How does that make you feel?” He inquired. I shrugged.
     “Well, since I’ve never met him I don’t really care. I know that sounds kind of horrible but I just don’t care.” He shook his head.
     “That’s not horrible.” He reassured me.
     We sat silently as Victor drove through town. As we drove, I looked down at my wrist and gently stroked my bruise. I cringed at the pain and then I shook my head. As I stared at the bruise, I heard Victor speak.
     “What happened to your wrist?” He interrogated. I looked from it to him and then back to my wrist.
     “Oh, I uh, I tripped and fell.” I lied. “I held my hand out to catch myself and it bruised.” Victor looked from me to the road. 
     “You don’t have to tell me stuff if you don’t want to.” He said. “You don’t have to lie to me either though. In fact, I’d prefer it if you didn’t lie. I promise I won’t judge you or anything if you tell me the truth.” I blushed, embarrassed that he had known that I was lying.
     “I… I’m sorry.” I said quietly. “Someone grabbed me and bruised my wrist.” Victor face grew angry and he looked at me.
     “Who grabbed you?” He asked through clenched teeth. I looked away from him and shook my head.
     “Um, it was…” I paused, worried for James now. I was kind of afraid that Victor would beat him up or something if I told him that James had grabbed me.
     “Who was it?” He asked again, this time seeming less angry. I looked at him with an apologetic face.
     “It was James.” I admitted. His face grew confused.
     “James Caplin?” I shrugged, not sure what his last name was.
     “I don’t know his last name.” Victor nodded.
     “Little dude with curly brown hair.” I nodded.
     “Yes.”
     “He did that to you wrist?” He asked as we stopped at a light. I nodded and Victor reached over to me. He held out his hand. “Can I see your wrist?” He asked. I nodded and rested my arm in his hand. He looked at my wrist and gently stroked it. His touching my bruise didn’t hurt, in fact, it felt amazing. His hands were large and warm. They weren’t rough but at the same time, they weren’t soft. I felt safe with my arm in his hand, but sadly, the light turned green so he set my arm in my lap and then he began to drive again. 
     We drove and I looked at my wrist where he had touched me. I now wished that I had taken his arm earlier. As I looked at my wrist, Victor began to speak again. 
     “Have you reported this to the police?” He sounded hopeful. I shook my head and looked at him.
     “Not yet. I’m going to report it tomorrow morning though.” He looked at me with a disbelieving face. 
     “Are you really?” I nodded.
     “Yes. I wasn’t going to but then I thought about it and decided I would. He can’t just grab people.”
     “Why did he grab you?” Victor sounded angry.
     “I’m not really sure. I got home from the store and he was outside of the front building. I tried to pass him but he started talking. He said some weird stuff, he was looking for Sarah and after a while I told him that I had to go. I tried to leave but he grabbed my wrist and pulled me toward himself.”
     “Did he try to kidnap you?” He wondered. I shook my head. 
     “No, he grabbed my hand, pulled me close to him and then he told me stuff.”
     “What kind of stuff?” I shook my head.
     “I don’t even know. He told me that I would be with Sarah soon. I didn’t understand.” Victor’s fingers wrapped around the steering wheel and I could see the anger he was feeling. “It’s no big deal.” I promised. Victor looked at me and I could see his hands loosen up and he took in a deep breath and let it out. He nodded and then he looked back at the road.
     “I’ll go with you tomorrow morning to the police station.” He said. I nodded and then we were silent.
     After a few minutes of silence, Victor parked the car and then we both got out. Victor walked over to my side of the car and he stood by me. I looked up at the restaurant and admired it. The building was pretty on the outside, it wasn’t anything too fancy but it was nice looking. The name of the restaurant was the Canoe Club Bistro. I looked at Victor and he smiled at me. He held out his arm again, offering it to me. I stared at it for a second time. I did want to take it, I wanted to touch him again but I couldn’t force myself to do it. He looked at me and gave me an inviting smile.
     “I won’t bite.” He promised. I looked from his face to his arm and then I nodded. I wrapped my arm around his and immediately I felt my cold arm grow warm and I felt safe. Along with feeling safe, there was another feeling; I didn’t know what this new feeling was. It was a warm feeling, not literally warm, but inside myself I was warm. I didn’t understand this feeling but I knew that I liked it. I liked the feeling of his arm against my arm, I liked the physical contact, perhaps a little too much. Victor smiled at my taking his arm and then we began to walk into the restaurant. Victor opened the door with his free hand and I walked in, our arms still locked. He walked through the door and then was once again at my side. 
     When in the restaurant, I looked around. It was nice and warm in here and the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. There was a piano playing soft jazz music. I smiled and looked at Victor. He flashed me a charming smile and then we walked up to the hostess. She smiled at us.
     “Welcome to the Canoe Club Bistro! Do you have a reservation?” Victor nodded.
     “Yes, it’s under the name Victor Malorne.” The lady looked down and read a paper that was before her. She nodded after a few short seconds and then she looked up at us and smiled.
     “Alright. If you two would follow me, I’ll take you to your table.” Victor nodded and then the lady began to walk. We followed behind her, our arms still locked until we got to a nice little table by the piano. She stopped at our table and then Victor let go of my arm. I dropped my arm to my side sadly and I felt almost disappointed. “Come back.” I thought. I watched as he approached a chair and pulled it out. He looked at me and I stood there for a few seconds, processing what he was doing. Once I realized that he was pulling the chair out for me, I snapped back into it and I quickly walked over to him and sat down.
     “Thank you.” I said as he pushed in the chair. He nodded at me and walked to the opposite end of the table and he sat down. The hostess set two menus on the table and then she looked at us. 
     “Your waiter’s name is Philip and he will be right with you two.” We nodded and then she courtly bowed and left. Victor looked at me and I allowed myself to look up at him. I stared at his light blue eyes, captivated by their beauty. Finally, I decided that I wanted to talk to him about paying for dinner. I had brought money so that we could split the bill fifty-fifty. I opened my mouth to speak but then our waiter stopped by my side.
     “Hello, my name is Philip and I will be your waiter tonight. Can I get you two anything to drink?” He wondered. Both Victor and Philip looked at me for my response. I blurted out the first thing that came to mind.
     “Do you guys have Dr. Pepper?” I questioned. He nodded.
     “We sure do.” I nodded as well.
     “I’ll take that then.”
     “Ok.” He said as he wrote it down. “And for you sir?”
     “I’ll take a Dr. Pepper as well.” The waiter scribbled that down and then he smiled at us. 
     “Alright, I’ll be right back with your drinks.” Victor nodded and then the waiter left.
     When Philip was gone, I thought about trying to talk to Victor again but I didn’t know how to just start talking. So I remained silent until Philip returned with our drinks. It didn’t take too long for our drinks to arrive. He got back maybe a minute later and then he set our drinks in front of us. I thanked him and then he pulled out his notepad.
     “Can I start you guys off tonight with an appetizer?” He inquired. I looked at Victor to see what he wanted to do. He looked from Philip, to his menu, and then back to him.
     “We’ll need a minute.” The waiter nodded.
     “Of course.” He then turned around and left. 
     When Philip was gone, Victor looked at me.
     “Do you see anything you want?” He wondered. I hadn’t even opened the menu yet so I wasn’t sure. 
     “Um…” I hummed as I opened up the menu. I scanned over it, looking at the food and then at the prices. Everything was expensive so I planned to tell him that I didn’t want any appetizer. “You’re on a date.” I thought. “Just get something.” I bit my lip. I looked up at Victor and he looked at me expectantly. 
     “Anything?” He asked. I shook my head. 
     “No.” I lied. He stared at me in disbelief.
     “Really?” I looked at him and remembered what he had told me earlier about lying. I sighed and leaned back in my chair.
     “I can’t afford a lot of the food on the menu.” I admitted. I watched his face to see what he was going to do. I didn’t think he would be mad, maybe shocked. Instead of looking the emotions I thought he would, he looked like he understood, and, in a way, respected my reply. A grin formed on his face and he shook his head.
     “Vanessa, you don’t have to worry about money, I’m paying for us.” I quickly shook my head in protest.
     “No.” I said clearly. “I would like to pay for half of the meal.” He shook his head and leaned back in his chair.
     “Is it not the man’s job to provide for the woman?” I stared at him and felt a small smile form on my face as I thought of a quick remark.
     “It is the man’s job to provide for the woman, but it’s the woman’s job to feed the man.” He chuckled.
     “What, so you want to go and make the meal?” I scowled at him because he knew what I had meant. He saw my look and leaned forward in his chair. “Vanessa, will you please let me pay for the both of us. It would make me happy if you did.” He sounded and looked sincere, so sincere that I almost wanted to give into his request. I shook my head though, not willing to just let him pay.
     “Why would paying make you happy?” I questioned. He shrugged. 
     “Paying for you would be taking care of you and taking care of you fills me with a type of joy that I can’t quite explain.” He paused, making sure that hadn’t offended me. I hadn’t been offended, in fact, I was flattered.
     “You want to take care of me?” I asked. He nodded.
     “Yes.” I stared at him and could tell that he was being very honest with me. So, I nodded, giving into his request.
     “Ok, I’ll let you pay this time.” A smile formed on his face, it was more than a mere smile of his getting his way, it was something bigger than that.
     “This time huh? Are you implying that we’re going to go on another date?” I froze, not realizing that I had let that slip. I bit my lip and felt my cheeks burning red. “Play it off cool!” I instructed myself. I took in a deep breath and shrugged.
     “Perhaps.” I said as I took a sip of my drink. Victor smiled at me and chuckled and then he looked down at his menu, looking back up at me every few seconds.
     We sat there for a moment and decided on what we wanted for an appetizer. When Philip returned, we told him that we would like to order the Sautéed Maine Mussels topped with Fries. Victor and I both agreed on it though I had been the one to suggest it. So Philip took our order and then Victor and I talked about random stuff until he returned with our appetizer. Philip then took our dinner order. I ordered a Vineyard Pasta and Victor ordered Coq Au Vin. The waiter refilled my drink and then they began to make our food. Victor and I ate the appetizer while awaiting our meal and we spoke of my classes and professors. 
     When we finished the appetizer, our meals arrived and then we began to eat our food. I watched as Victor took his fork and grabbed a small piece of food and put it in his mouth. He chewed it and swallowed it and then he began to speak.
     “May I ask you a personal question?” He hoped. I had taken a bite of my food so I chewed it and swallowed and then I nodded. 
     “I think so.” 
     “How many boyfriends have you had?” I froze at the question. I hadn’t expected that so I didn’t know how to respond. This was a very difficult question for me. “Why is this so hard for me?” I thought. “Just be honest with him and tell him that you’ve never had a boyfriend. Pff! If I tell him that I’ve never had a boyfriend, he’ll think I’m weird. But if you tell him you have then you’ll be lying. Just tell him none, he’ll understand once you explain it to him.” I decided that this was true so I looked at him and frowned.
     “I uh, I’ve never had a boyfriend.” This came out more quietly than I had intended it to. His face became shocked.
     “Really?” I nodded and looked down, embarrassed. “May I ask why?”
     “Well, growing up, my mother and sister always had boyfriends. Their boyfriends weren’t good guys, they would verbally and physically abuse them and then they would make them feel like the only way they would be loved is if they did everything the man wanted them to do. Growing up, I had to fend for myself so I was always really busy with work and school; along with that I just didn’t want a boyfriend because of what I had seen happen to my family because of their boyfriends.” I sighed and shook my head. “My mom always told me that I couldn’t get a boyfriend because I was…” I stopped myself, embarrassed to talk about this with him.
     “Because you were what?” He asked. I shook my head and looked down.
     “Because I was ugly and fat.” At those words, my defense automatically went up and I sat up straighter in my chair and I crossed my arms. When Victor didn’t say anything, I looked at him. I was shocked to see that he looked angry. I stared at him and saw that he was shaking his head. He looked at me and spoke.
     “Why would she ever say that?” He hissed.
     “Because I remind her of my father. She doesn’t like him so she doesn’t like me. Also, my sister is perfect in every way; she’s a size zero, blonde haired, blue-eyed doll. As for me, I’m a size eight, brown haired, browned-eyed person. My mother looks at the two of us and sees me as the ugly one and Giselle as the beauty.” I felt myself growing angry and bitter talking about this. I took in a deep breath and let it out, trying to forget it, however, Victor was just getting started. He shook his head, irritated. 
     “It’s sad how in this day in age a woman can’t feel beautiful unless she fit’s the world’s standards. There was a time when a woman could go out without makeup on and feel beautiful. There was a time when a woman wouldn’t consider herself to be fat just because she wasn’t a size zero. Nowadays though, women can’t just be themselves, they are forced to worry about their image because if they don’t they are deemed ‘ugly’ by the world.” I bit my lip, feeling bad that I had frustrated him so much. Also, I couldn’t tell if Victor was mad at me or at my mother.
     “I’m sorry.” I whispered. “Are you mad at me?” His eyes met mine and then they grew soft and caring.
     “No! I’m definitely not mad at you. I’m mad at the people that would make you feel like you’re not beautiful.” He shook his head and stared at me. “Vanessa, if you could see yourself from my eyes you wouldn’t just see any girl, and you definitely wouldn’t see a fat and ugly one. If you could see yourself through my eyes, you would see this amazing woman with this perfect body that drives me nuts. You would see her hair as a perfect shade of mahogany, and her eyes the most beautiful eyes I’ve ever been graced to look upon. You would look at her and know that she is a rarity and beyond beautiful.” He looked at me with an intense gaze and I felt myself stunned at his poetic words. “Damn.” I thought. “Well don’t just sit there, say thank you or something!” I tried to speak but was unable to because my thoughts kept flooding through my head. “What just happened?” I wondered. “Did he really just say all of that or am I dreaming? You’re not dreaming dumb-ass but he’s gonna think he freaked you out if you don’t speak up!” I shook off my awe and I spoke.
     “You’re beautiful too.” I mumbled. “No!” I yelled at myself. “Ah, you stupid girl! I take it back, next time he compliments you just stay quiet so he’s not the one freaked out. Better he think he freaked you out than you actually freak him out!” I bit my lip, embarrassed of what I had just said. I threw my hands over my face and shook my head. “I’m sorry!” I apologized. “I… I didn’t know what to say. You just…and I…” I heard a chuckle and I moved my hands away from my face to look at him. He wore a huge smile and he was laughing. I shook my head, confused. “Why are you laughing?” I asked. He shook his head. 
     “I’m beautiful am I?” I threw my hands back over my face and I shook my head.
     “I didn’t mean that.” I blurted out.
     “Oh so I’m not beautiful?” I moved my hands away from my face.
     “No, you are but I didn’t mean to say that out loud or at all.” I shook my head and felt myself blushing. “I just… I wanted to say something so that you would know that you didn’t freak me out and that was the first thing that popped into my head.” “Hmm… now I remember why you don’t share what you’re thinking with people.” I thought. “He’s probably thinking you’re crazy right about now.” Still, Victor didn’t seem anything like I had expected him to be; he just smiled at me.
     “You’re funny.” I looked at him with hopeful eyes.
     “In a good way, right?” He nodded.
     “Definitely.” We smiled at each other and we continued on with our meal.
     While Victor and I ate our meal, we talked. We didn’t talk any more about boyfriends but we talked about Victor’s uncle and my mother’s clothing line. We kept it relatively simple but not boring. I was beginning to think that it was impossible to be bored in Victor’s company; he was funny, smart, talkative and he listened. Other than Pablo, I’d never felt like people truly listened when I spoke. With Victor though, I could tell that he listened and was interested in what I had to say.
     We talked for a long time until both of our meals were nearly gone. I was pretty full when Philip returned.
     “How are you two doing?” He asked. We both nodded. 
     “Great, thank you.” Victor said.
     “Can I interest you in a dessert this evening?” Victor looked at me and I shook my head. He cast me a disapproving look.
     “Come on Vanessa, you can always take it home with you.” I half smiled at him and shrugged. He smiled and looked at the waiter. “We’ll have some dessert.” Philip nodded. 
     “Very good!” He took our plates from before us. “I’ll be right back with the dessert menu.” We nodded and he left.
     We waited a few minutes before the waiter returned with the dessert menu. Victor and I then scanned through it and decided to get the Vermont Chocolate Sampler. He placed our order and then we continued to talk until Philip arrived with our dessert. Victor and I ate a little bit of it and then I decided that I was too full to eat any more. He thought the same so we got a small box for the leftover dessert and then Philip brought us the bill. When he set the bill on the table, I reached for it to see what the total was but Victor snatched it up before I could touch it. He was too fast for me to grab it, but not to see it. The total was nearly eighty dollars. I felt terrible for making Victor pay for all of this. “That’s too much to make him pay for.” I thought. “I could always just leave forty dollars in his car… or you could just let him pay for you.” The cheap part of me suggested. “No, I’ll leave the money in his car.” As I thought this through, Victor gave the waiter a hundred dollar bill and then we waited for him to return with the change. 
     When Philip returned, Victor hastily shoved some of the money in his pocket, probably attempting to hide it from me. Victor gave ten dollars to Philip; he thanked us and wished us a goodnight and then he left. Victor then stood up and walked over to me. 
     “Are you ready to go?” He wondered. I nodded and then he walked behind me and pulled out my chair. I stood up and smiled at him. He smiled too and then grabbed our box. I then began to walk to the door and Victor followed close behind me.
     When we were outside, I felt the cold air hit my skin and I shivered. “That’s why you don’t wear sleeveless dresses at this time of year.” I thought. I shook my head and kept on walking. We got to the car moments later and then Victor pulled out his keys and unlocked the car. He put the box in the trunk and then he walked over to me. He looked up at the night sky and I did the same. You couldn’t see too many stars right now because of the street lights but you could see the moon. The moon was in its last quarter so it wasn’t extremely bright but it was still pretty. We both looked down at each other and then Victor exhaled. His warm breath hit the cold air and it turned into vapor, rose up and disappeared. He then looked at me and slid off his coat. 
     “Aren’t you cold?” He asked as he removed his jacket. I shook my head, lying to him. He frowned at me and rested his hand on my bare arm. His hand was warm and it sent a shiver throughout my body. “You feel cold.” He said as he handed me his coat. I shook my head again begrudgingly.
     “I’m fine.” I insisted. He frowned and put it around me. Instantly, my cold skin began to soak up the warmth from his jacket. I would have given it back to him, but it felt so good. He smiled at me and then he opened the passenger’s side door. I slid in and then he closed the door behind me. I slid my hands through the armholes and then I buckled myself up. The coat was a little big but not to an outrageous extent. When I was buckled in, Victor opened the driver’s door and got in. He then buckled up and started the car. He began to drive and then I began to speak. 
     “Thank you for your jacket.” I said in a grateful manner. He nodded and looked at me.
     “Yeah, it’s cold out, I figured you’d want it.” I smiled and looked down at my lap. 
     We drove in silence for a while before I had the urge to ask him a question.
     “Victor, how many girlfriends have you had?” I saw a grin form on his face and he looked at me.
     “Do you really want to know?” He said in a way that made me wonder if I did. I nodded though.
     “I do.” He chuckled and leaned back in the seat.
     “Well then, let’s see… one, two, three, four, and maybe five.” I felt my face grow puzzled.
     “Maybe? How can you not be sure if someone’s your girlfriend?” I asked, a little irritated. He shrugged.
     “Well, I consider myself to be her boyfriend and that’s ok because the title boyfriend is mine to give out. As for the girlfriend part though, I’m not entirely sure that she’s ready to give out that title.” I knew instantly by the use of present tense in his words that he was referring to me. “Oh my gosh! He wants to be your boyfriend! No, no, no, scratch that, he is your boyfriend! Oh no you don’t!” My common sense joined in. “He is not your boyfriend and you are not going to be his girlfriend. Uh, yeah she is, that’s why she went on the date with him. No, no, no, you cannot be in a relationship with him. And why not? Because you promised Sarah. Think of all the messages and voicemails you left her: ‘Oh Sarah, nothing’s going on between me and Victor.’ ” My words echoed in the back of my head, taunting me. “Yeah, yeah, yeah, you already broke that promise Vanessa, you can’t turn back now! Plus, you want to be his girlfriend, admit it.” I battled with my thoughts the rest of the way home. 
     We got back to the dorms at ten thirty. Victor parked the car in the lot and then he unbuckled and got out. I quickly grabbed two twenty dollar bills and put them in the cup holder. I then unbuckled and grabbed my purse from my lap. Victor opened my door and then I got out of the car. I took a step forward and looked over at the dorm building. I heard the car door shut and then he walked to the trunk and grabbed our box. He then walked to me and he held out his hand. I hadn’t held his hand before but I kind of wanted to. I gave in and took his left hand with my right hand and we began to walk to my room. His hand felt good in mine, it was big and warm. I felt like everything in the world was right at this moment.
     We walked through the main building and to my room. He then let go of my hand and I dug through my purse to get my keys. When I found the keys, I unlocked the front door and I looked back at Victor. 
     “Do you want to come in for a minute?” I questioned. He thought about it for a second and then he nodded.
     “Yes, if that’s ok with you.” I smiled, opened the door and walked inside. When we were both inside, I shut the door and then Victor set the box on the kitchen table. I slid off his jacket and I set it on the small table by the door. Victor looked back at me and I smiled at him.
     “Thank you for tonight, I had a lot of fun.” He smiled. 
     “Thank you, I’m happy you said yes.” He took a few steps toward the door. “Vanessa!” I thought. “Do it, tell him you want to be his girlfriend, tell him before he leaves.” “Well, I’d better be going. You have school tomorrow and…” Without completely thinking, I walked over to Victor, reached up and laid my lips on his. I had never kissed anybody before so I was sure this wasn’t the best kiss in the world, for me though, it was indescribable. I felt a sensation run throughout my body and I felt his warm lips moving against mine. I wanted to kiss him forever but I didn’t want to overdo it so I pulled away from him. I looked at Victor, checking his expression. He didn’t look shocked that I had kissed him, in fact, he looked happy. I on the other hand probably looked like I had been punched in the gut. The sensation of a kiss was new to me and I found that I really enjoyed it, perhaps a little too much. Victor wore an irresistible crooked smile and I couldn’t help but fall in love with it.
     “That girl that you like,” I began, “I think she’s ready to give out the girlfriend title.” His smile remained and he tilted his head to the side a little.
     “Is she now?” I nodded and then he leaned down to me and laid his lips on mine. This kiss was different than the first one. I had kissed Victor the first time, but the second time, he kissed me. I felt my heart racing at his touch and then my hands moved up and I rested them on his shoulders. We turned around and I rested my back against the wall. Victor put his hands on either side of me, placing them on the wall. He moved his lips from mine and I kept my eyes closed, enraptured by his touch and his closeness. I felt his lips rest on my cheek and then he moved them down to my neck. The feel of his lips tickled my skin but it was a good feeling. He kissed my neck repeatedly and then he stopped and quickly pulled himself away from me. My eyes flew open and I saw him standing a few steps back. His eyes were closed and he looked like he was in pain.
     “Victor?” I muttered. He stood there for a long moment and then he opened his eyes and looked at me. He smiled.
     “I’m sorry, Vanessa.” He said quietly. I shook my head.
     “No, no, I’m sorry, did I do something wrong?” He chuckled and shook his head.
     “No, not at all, I just… I don’t want to get too carried away.” I bit my lip and nodded, feeling bad that I had started this.
     “I’m sorry.” I whispered. He shook his head and stepped toward me. He put his hand on my face and I rested my head against the palm of his hand, closing my eyes. A second passed and then I felt his warm lips kiss mine and then he let go of me. I opened my eyes and then he walked over to the door. 
     “Will I see you tomorrow?” He asked expectantly. I smiled and nodded.
     “Yeah.” He smiled as well and then he grabbed his coat and opened the door.
     “Sleep well, Vanessa.” I nodded and then he left the room, closing the door behind himself.











Chapter 9

     Once Victor was gone, I locked the door. I wore a smile on my face that reflected the way I felt inside. I was so happy and excited, I felt like I could run a marathon. I tried to contain my excitement but when I did I got this nauseous feeling and I became shaky. I tried to refocus all of my energy on a few tasks that I had to do. So I walked over to the kitchen table and looked at the box sitting on the table. On top of the box were my two twenty dollar bills. I frowned, wondering how he’d known. I looked closely at the box and saw that two words were scratched into it: Nice Try. I shook my head in disappointment and then I put the box into the fridge.
     Once everything in the kitchen was taken care of, I changed into shorts and a long-sleeve shirt and then I brushed my teeth and used the bathroom. After that, I went to my room and sat down on my bed. I looked at my phone that was charging on my bedside table and I sighed; I didn’t want to call Sarah. So I didn’t, I just turned off the lights and curled up in bed. I thought about Victor for a while until the day finally caught up with me and I drifted off.
     A lot of people think being a light sleeper is a bad thing; usually I would agree with them. Tonight though, I couldn’t have asked for anything better than being a light sleeper. I was sleeping when a scratching sound awoke me from my slumber. I heard the sound and decided it was nothing so I tried to fall back asleep. Sleeping was out of the picture though when the sound continued. I blinked open my tired eyes and I rubbed them. I looked around the room but saw nothing. I squinted my eyes and listened harder. It was definitely a scratching sound, it sounded like metal scratching glass. I felt a nervous sting run up my spine but I didn’t want to just sit there. So, I got out of bed and slowly walked over to the bedroom door. I peeked my head out and looked around. It was dark and my eyes were still waking up but I could tell that no one was in the kitchen or living room. I stood there for a second and then the noise began again, causing me to jump and look over at the window by the kitchen. The window had curtains covering it so I couldn’t see out and no one could see in. I listened for another moment until I began to hear a tapping sound on the window. When I heard this, I began to put things together. “Vanessa!” I screamed in my head. “Someone’s trying to break in, you need to leave!” I obeyed my command and walked quietly over to the front door. “Where do I go?” I thought. “To Tynisha’s room, she’s right across the hall. Go and call the cops!” I nodded and reached for the door lock. I froze though when the doorknob began to jiggle. I felt my heart skip a beat and I took a quiet step backward. I looked from the jiggling doorknob to the window, which was still being scratched and tapped on. I felt myself begin to shake because I knew that there were two people trying to break in and that I was trapped in the house with no weapons to defend myself with. 
     When my first instinct to run was discouraged, my second instinct kicked in: hide. I quickly scanned the room for a good hiding spot and I instinctively ran into my bedroom and looked at the bed. “Don’t you dare hide under that bed!” I told myself. “Go somewhere else.” The noises were getting louder and I had a feeling that whoever was trying to get in would do so in a matter of moments. I quickly left the room and looked toward the kitchen. In the kitchen, we had a cupboard that was lying horizontal on the floor. The sink was built into this cupboard. It had two doors about two feet away from each other; the cupboard was about five feet long. I didn’t know if I could fit in there, seeing as I had never tried before, but it was worth a shot. I quickly ran over to the cupboard and opened the door. I reached my hand in there and pushed back all of the spices and other crap we had in there. I then put my legs into it and moved them all the way to the end of the cupboard. I scrunched my back and slid into the cupboard, closing the door behind myself.
     When in the cupboard, I laid in fetal position. A spice of some sort was under my side, digging into my waist but I dared not attempt to move it and risk making too much noise. This, in my opinion, was a good hiding spot; it wasn’t too obvious and it didn’t really look like anyone could hide in here. The only downfall was that when the cupboard was built, the door was put in wrong so there was about two centimeters of the opening that wasn’t covered. I didn’t think that was too much of a problem right now because you couldn’t see in here because it was so dark. However, I could see out and that frightened me. 
     As I lie in the cupboard, I tried to calm my breathing. It was calm for about ten seconds before I heard the glass on the window shatter and glass fall to the floor. I almost gasped but held it in for my sake. I felt myself shaking and then I heard glass being swept away from the window. I heard a thud as the intruder jumped in through the window. I nearly jumped at the sound but I was trying my hardest to stay quiet. I looked through the crack in the cupboard and I could see the back of a man walking through the kitchen and to the door. My eyes were wide as he unlocked and opened the front door, letting in a second figure.
     The second man walked in and then they shut and locked the door behind themselves. I looked at them and felt myself tremble with fear. They both wore black jeans and black hoodies. They wore black work boots and black gloves. Around their waists were black utility belts that held a bottle of some liquid, hand-towels, duct tape, pick locks and knives. I felt my heart stop when I saw the many knives the men had with them. I allowed myself to look up at their faces and I bit my lip trying not to gasp. The men wore masks, not ski masks or anything but clown masks. I observed them for a moment and then I looked away from their faces because my body was trembling.
     I watched the men trying to figure out what they were doing. They were looking around the room for something. “Take my stuff and go.” I thought. One of them walked into my room and one of them walked into the bathroom. I heard a thud, it sounded as if one of the men had gotten on the ground to check something. “The bed.” I thought. I could picture the man looking under my bed. I heard the shower curtain slide and I knew the man in the bathroom was checking in the shower. When both of the men returned to the living room empty-handed, a red flag went up in my mind. “They’re not here to steal stuff.” I realized. One of the men began to look around the living room and the other man entered the kitchen area. He walked up to my cupboard and I froze in fear, unable to move, unable to blink, unable to breathe. I watched as he looked at my cupboard. He stared at it for a second and then he looked at the broken window. The other man walked over to him and shook his head. The man who had come in through the window grabbed a few items from his utility belt and he walked into my room. He exited a minute later and then he pointed at the window. The other man nodded and then they both exited the house through the window.
     Once the men were gone, I could have left my hiding spot and ran to get the phone and called the police, but I couldn’t force myself to move. I was terrified to leave my spot in fear that the men would return and find me. So I stayed in my spot for twenty minutes, though it felt like hours, and then when I was positive they were not coming back, I left. I opened the small door and I looked around. There was still no one here so I slid the top half of my body through the door. I placed my hands on the floor and I crawled out. My hands had rested on some glass shards so the palms of my hands had been sliced open. I ignored the pain and I slid out, getting more cuts on my knees. I grabbed a towel from in the cupboard and I swept away some of the glass and stood up. I then walked over to my room as swiftly as my body would allow me to go. I grabbed my cell phone and I dialed 911. As it rang, I looked at the bedroom door and a shiver of fear ran up my spine. I ran to the door and closed and locked it. I felt my hands and body shaking in fear and then I heard the operator pick up.
     “911, what’s your emergency?”
     “Please,” I said quietly, “Please help me! Some men just broke into my dorm room and I’m afraid they’re gonna come back and hurt me.” 
     “Ok honey,” the woman replied softly, “Where are you at?”
     “I… I’m at the Dartmouth Dormitory in room 37.”
     “Alright, what’s your name?”
     “Vanessa Howell.”
     “Ok Vanessa, I’m sending some officers right now. Were the men that broke in armed?”
     “Yes.” I croaked.
     “And you think they’re going to come back?”
     “I don’t know. They broke my window so I can’t close it. I didn’t know what to do so once they left I locked myself in my room.”
     “Ok, what happened exactly?” 
     “I was sleeping and then I started hearing noises on my window so I got up. I thought someone was breaking in so I was going to leave but when I went to the front door, someone was trying to get in from there too. I hid and then they broke in, they couldn’t find me but then they left and I called you as soon as I could.”
     “Ok, sweetheart, you’re going to be fine, ok. You’re doing really good Vanessa, but can you do one more thing for me?” 
     “Yes.” 
     “I need you to give me the number of the phone you’re calling from, alright.” I nodded and told her my number. “Ok, can I get you to go over to someone else’s dorm room until the police get there?” I looked around and squinted at the clock on the wall; I was unable to see the time.
     “What time is it?” I asked, not meaning to change the subject.
     “It’s three seventeen.” 
     “Everyone is sleeping.” I mumbled.
     “That’s ok. I want you to stay on the line with me and go over to their dorm room ok. What room number is it?” I shook my head at her request.
     “No, no, no, I don’t want to open the door!”
     “Sweetie, you just have to go over to your friend’s room and then you’ll be completely safe, ok. Can you do that for me?” I shook my head again and turned around to face the bed.
     “I…” I saw a few items lying on my bed. I squinted my eyes a little but couldn’t tell what they were. I walked a little closer to them and then I could see what they were. One was a cell phone and one was a piece of paper. 
     “Vanessa, are you still there?” The operator asked in a worried manner.
     “Yes, I… they left a note on my bed.”
     “Just leave it, ok. Go to your friend’s room.” I ignored her and set the phone on my pillow. I looked at the phone by the paper and I realized it to be Sarah’s phone. I felt my eyes grow wide and I shook my head.
     “No, no, no.” I whispered as I quickly snatched up the phone. I had to see the wallpaper to confirm that this was her phone. Surely enough, when I hit the power button, I saw the picture of Sarah at a party on the front and I knew it was her phone. I, with wide eyes, unlocked her phone and saw that there were twenty-seven missed calls; some were from me, some were from her parents and a few were from Daniel. She had seventeen text messages, all from the same three people. She also had twenty voicemails. I shook my head and opened up her call log. The last call she had made was on Halloween, the day she took off. I opened up her text log and saw that the last text she had sent was on the same day. I looked at the bed for a moment, remembering the paper. I set down Sarah’s phone and grabbed the piece of paper. Words were not written on the paper, instead, letters from a newspaper had been cut out and glued next to each other to form words. I stared, puzzled, at the piece of paper and I began to read it:
     “Catch me, catch me if you can, poor, poor Sarah didn’t like my plan. She ran away but it was ok, I caught her again on the very next day. She fought and she struggled, maybe that was the trouble, but now dear Sarah is nothing but rubble. So, it doesn’t matter when, but it does matter who, you should sleep with one eye open, I’m coming for you.”
     The moment I was done reading the note, I felt three things click in my mind. One: I was scared. Now, this wasn’t a typical fear, it was terror. I now knew that those men who had broken in were not robbers, no, they were there to harm me. Two: They had gotten Sarah and, by the looks of the note, she was dead. In no way was my mind ready, or willing, to accept this, but how could someone argue with a note like this? Three: I wanted Victor to be here with me. I knew this to be irrational because there was nothing Victor could do that a couple of armed police officers couldn’t. Despite the irrationality of my wish, I still wanted it. I wanted him to be here to protect me and to tell me it was going to be ok even though I knew it wasn’t.
     I was frozen in fear and I could hear the operator yelling on the other end of the phone, asking if I was still there and if I was ok. Finally, I mustered up my courage and I momentarily got over my fear. I looked at my phone and I picked it up. 
     “I’m still here.” I said, interrupting her talking.
     “Vanessa, will you please go to your neighbor’s room, it’s important.” I nodded to myself. 
     “Yes ma’am, I’m going.” I turned and looked at the bedroom door. I felt a rush of adrenaline flow through me as I thought of opening it. “No, no, no, don’t you dare open that door! You’re perfectly safe in here.” I told myself. “Uh, no you’re not. What are you gonna do if those men come back and you’re in here? I’m behind a locked door. Oh yeah, this locked door is totally going to keep out two grown men. The cops will be here any minute though… well perfect, you won’t have to bother the neighbors for very long then, will you?” I finally decided to obey the operator so I walked over to the door and placed my hand on the knob. I bit my lip and felt scared to open it. I didn’t know what was behind this door; maybe it was nothing, just like I had left it, or maybe the men were out there waiting for me to come out. I finally bit the bullet and I unlocked and opened the door.
     When the door was opened, I felt a rush of cold air flow into my bedroom; the air was being let inside through the broken window. I shivered as I scanned the room, preparing to shut the door if necessary. I looked around and saw no one in the room. I decided it was safe to exit so I ran out of the room and to the front door.
     “Are you there yet?” The operator asked. I shook my head.
     “No, I’m leaving now.”
     “Ok.” I unlocked the front door and then I opened it. When it was opened all the way, I saw two figures approach the doorway. I screamed and dropped my phone to the ground. I flung my hands onto the door, getting ready to slam it shut but before I could act, one of the men spoke. 
     “It’s ok, it’s ok, we’re police officers.” He said quickly. A part of me was hesitant to move my hands away from the door but I did. I took a step back and then the police officers walked inside and turned on the light. The brightness burned my eyes so I quickly closed them; I opened them a moment later and then my eyes adjusted. I looked at the two police officers and I instantly felt safer.
     “Are you Ms. Howell?” The second officer asked. I nodded.
     “Yes, Vanessa Howell.” I leaned over and grabbed my phone off of the floor. I held it up to my ear. 
     “Vanessa, Vanessa!” The operator hollered. 
     “I’m… I’m ok, ma’am. The officers are here.” The operator grew quiet for a moment and then one of the officers picked up his radio and said something. A second later, I heard the operator speak again.
     “Ok, you can hang up now.” I nodded and hung up my phone.
     I looked at the police officers; they were looking over at the broken window and one of them walked over to it. The second officer looked at me.
     “Can you tell me what exactly happened here?” I nodded a little, trying to compose myself.
     “I was sleeping and I heard noises. Someone was breaking in through the window and another person was trying to come in through the door. I hid and then one of the men broke my window. He then entered the room and let the other man in through the door.”
     “Were you able to see the men at all?” He asked as the other police officer began to search the entire dorm room.
     “Yes.” I pointed over at the cupboard. “I hid in the cupboard but I could see out. I saw them.”
     “Did the men take anything, do you know?” I shook my head.
     “They didn’t take anything. They weren’t robbers.” His face grew questioning.
     “How do you know they weren’t robbers?”
     “Because they…” 
     “Josh, can you come here!” The other officer yelled from my room. The officer that was with me, Josh, looked from my room door to me.
     “I’ll be right back, stay here.” I nodded and he quickly entered the room. I stood there in silence and I felt a little safer now that the police were here with me. Now that I wasn’t thinking about how scared I was, I began to think about the note. I felt my heart begin to beat faster. “Sarah… the note said she was rubble, rubble is like…” I shook my head. “No, no, no, I shouldn’t have let her go that night, why did I let her go! This is my fault.” I thought. I felt an overwhelming amount of emotions flood my mind and I felt like I was having a panic attack. I kept breathing in but I felt like no oxygen was entering my lungs. “Stop!” I yelled in my head. “No, no, no!” I said as I felt pain and anger and sadness overcome me. I was trying to push the emotions back in but it wasn’t working. As I stood there, unable to repress my emotions, I felt the devastating need to mask my emotions with pain. I knew that if I just did it and caused myself some pain, I would be able to clear my head and breathe again. I couldn’t bring myself to fall back into my old coping method though, I wouldn’t do it. So, I sat down on the ground and I hugged my knees, holding them close up against my chest. I took in a deep breath but I still felt like no oxygen was entering my lungs. “I can’t breathe!” I thought. “Vanessa, you can breathe, you’re doing it right now. You’re not dead so obviously you’re breathing.” I took in another deep breath and I dug my fingernails into the palm of my already cut up hand. I winced in pain and then I took in another deep breath. “You’re fine, just breathe.” I told myself. I continuously took in long, deep breaths and then I let them out until I could feel that I was breathing. “You’re fine.” I kept on telling myself. 
     “Finally, after a long minute and a half, I could breathe again and my panic attack was over. I felt queasy and the panic attack had left my fatigued, but I was ok. I had cleared my mind and pushed the emotions away. I couldn’t help but smile a little at myself for being able to deal with everything without hurting myself. My smile quickly faded though when I felt my fingers cramping up. I looked down at my left hand and saw that all of my fingers, except my thumb, were touching the palm of my already cut up hand. I stretched out my fingers and felt my fingernails come out of my skin. Like small blades, they had dug themselves into my skin. When I stretched out my fingers, I could see four little crescent moon shaped cuts on my palm. Blood began to stream from them and from the glass cuts. I felt myself grow sad. Here I had thought that I was able to push back the emotions by myself but I was unable to do so. I’d had to cause myself pain to clear my head. Sure, digging your fingernails into your skin wasn’t the same as cutting it open with a knife, but it was still causing yourself pain and that is what I had been trying to avoid. 
     I sat there for a few more seconds before the two police officers came into the room and looked at me.
     “Are you ok Ms. Howell?” Josh asked. I nodded and tried to push myself up. My legs felt like Jell-O and I nearly fell to the ground when I stood up. I caught my balance though and then I looked at the police officers.
     “I’m fine.” I lied. Josh nodded and looked at the second officer.
     “Garrett, take her to the station and wait until I get back ok. Give her some food, some coffee, whatever she needs. I’ll question her when I get back.” Garrett nodded and then he approached me.
     “Come on, let’s get you back to the station.” He gently placed his hand on my back and then we began to walk outside.  
     When we exited the main building, I felt the cold night air nip at my skin and I remembered that I was still in my pajamas. “I should have grabbed a jacket.” I thought. I shook my head and then Garrett opened a door for me. He was making me sit in the back. I didn’t mind though. I got in and buckled up and I watched as he walked around the car to the driver’s side. He got in, started the car and began to drive away. We were silent as we drove, the only noise there was, was from his radio and I barely paid attention to that. I felt like I had been drained of all of my energy and my knees and hands hurt from being cut up by the glass.
     We got to the police station at 3:50 a.m. and Garrett parked his car and then he came and opened my door for me. I got out and then I followed him into the police station. When we entered the building, I felt warm air touch my skin and I knew it was just a matter of time before I’d be all warmed up. I had my arms crossed across my chest; I hadn’t brought any clothes to change into and I felt weird standing here in my pajamas. Garrett looked at me. 
     “Can I get you some coffee or anything?” He wondered. I shook my head.
     “No.” I muttered. He frowned and nodded. 
     “Alright, if you’ll come with me, I’m just going to have you wait in a room, ok.” I nodded and we walked over to a room at the back of the building. He opened the door for me and I entered. I looked around and knew that this room was most likely the interrogation room. I felt a little scared being in here, like I was in trouble or something. I looked at Garrett, who was standing in the doorway.
     “I’ll be back in a few minutes, ok.” I nodded and then he left the room, closing the door behind himself. 
     When Garrett was gone, I looked around the room. There was a large table in the center of it and there were a few chairs around the table. I went and sat down and waited for Garrett to return. 
     I sat in silence for five minutes and the police officer still hadn’t returned. I felt my hand throbbing in pain and I wanted to go and wash off the blood from my hands and put on Band-Aids. I didn’t think it would be good for me to up and leave though so I stayed where I was. 
     Another five minutes passed and then I heard the door opening. I hastily looked up and at the door, expecting to see Garrett. Rather than Garrett though, I saw Victor. I felt a smile form on my face and I quickly stood up and ran over to him. He held out his arms and embraced me in a tight hug. I felt his lips kiss the top of my head and I laid my head on his chest and felt an overwhelming need to cry. I held it in though and I let go and looked at him.
     “Victor.” I mumbled.
     “Are you ok? What happened?” I shook my head.
     “How are you here?” I inquired. “Who told you that I was here?”
     “My uncle got called in and he told me that your dorm room got broken into; I came with him to the station.” He took in a deep breath and he looked down at my hand. “You’re hurt, what happened?” I shook my head.
     “I… I was sleeping and then I heard some people trying to break into my room so I hid. They broke in but they didn’t take anything. They left a note on my bed and they…” He looked a mix between angry and worried.
     “What did they do?” 
     “They left Sarah’s phone on my bed. Victor, I think they killed her.” I felt my heart break at this comment of mine. Victor shook his head and he gave me another hug.
     “Hey, hey, hey, you don’t know that.” He said as he released me. “She’s probably fine; just because they had her phone doesn’t mean…” 
     “I read the note they left.” I interrupted. “She can’t be alive, Victor.” His face grew sad and he shook his head. 
     Victor and I were silent for a long moment and then his attention shifted back to my hand.
     “What happened to your hand?” He asked. I looked down at the cuts and then I looked at him. 
     “It got cut by glass.” He frowned and looked back at the door. He then looked back at me and he put his hand on my back. 
     “Come on, let’s go clean up your hand.” I shook my head.
     “A police officer told me to wait here.” I informed him. He shook his head. 
     “My uncle is the chief of police; you’re fine to come with me.” I nodded a little and then we both exited the small room. 
     As we walked down the busy hall, Victor looked at me. He must have noticed that I was in pajamas because he slipped off his jacket and he gave it to me. I smiled a little, grateful for the jacket, and I put it on and zipped it up. We walked over to a bathroom and then we entered. It was just a normal little bathroom. There was a toilet, a sink and a trash can. Victor closed the door behind us and then he looked at me. 
     “Can I see your hands?” I nodded and gave him my left hand first. He stared at it for a moment and then he closed his eyes as if he was in pain as well. He cringed a little and then he shook his head and opened his eyes. “He’s always so strange around blood.” I thought. “I wonder why?”
     Victor took the hand I gave him and he turned on the faucet. He gently put my hand under the flowing water and I felt a stinging sensation. I breathed in sharply and then he looked at me.
     “I’m sorry.” He said. I shook my head and looked at him.
     “No, I’m sorry. You seem… uneasy around blood and I feel bad for making you help me.” He half smiled and shook his head.
     “You’re not making me help you, I chose to.”
     “Still, you don’t like blood.” He looked from my hand to my face.
     “I don’t mind blood.” He said, seemingly being honest.
     “Then how come you always act strange around it? It’s ok if you get queasy around it, I know plenty of people who do.”
     “And you’re not one of them?” He asked, trying to change the subject. I shook my head.
     “No, not at all.” He half smiled and then he began to gently rub the cuts with his fingers, cleaning them off.
     When my hand was clean, Victor cleaned off my right hand. When that hand was clean, he looked over at the toilet. He let go of my hand and he put the lid down. 
     “Go and sit down.” He instructed. I nodded and did as he said. He then grabbed a few paper towels and he got them wet. He rung them out and then he walked over to me and kneeled down. He began to dab at my bloody knees, cleaning off the blood. We sat in silence for a few moments as he worked and then his eyes shifted up my leg a little and to a patch of scars I had. I had forgotten about them and hadn’t thought to rest my hands over them so he couldn’t see. It was too late now though. He stared at them and I quickly covered them with my hands. “Way to be nonchalant about that.” I told myself. Victor’s eyes moved from my legs to my eyes. 
     “What happened there?” He asked as he rested his right hand on top of mine. I shook my head.
     “Nothing.” I lied. His face grew curious and he tried to move my hand away. “Victor.” I said seriously. “Please don’t.” He frowned and moved his hand off of mine. 
     “What happened?” I shook my head.
     “Not right now.” I said, dismissing any questions he had. He frowned at me and his eyes moved back to my hands that covered my scars. He sighed and then he began to dab at the cuts again.
     When I was all cleaned up, Victor got bandages and he put them on my hands. I insisted that my knees would be fine but he bandaged them as well. By the time I was all cleaned up, it was 4:14 a.m. Victor and I headed back to the interrogation room and then we both sat down. We were silent for a few minutes before Victor began to speak.
     “Vanessa, why do you think Sarah is dead; what did the note say?” I frowned and shook my head.
     “I can’t remember the whole thing.” I admitted. He shook his head.
     “That’s ok, just tell me why you think she’s…” He paused, not wanting to say the word “Dead” too much. I frowned.
     “They talked about her in the note. The men said that Sarah didn’t like their plan so she ran away and then they caught her again. It seemed like they said that she fought them so they killed her.”
     “Is that all they said, they just told you about Sarah?” I shook my head.
     “No, they…” I now looked past what it had said about Sarah and I thought about what it said about me. “They said that they were coming for me.” I could feel the horror on my face. “They’re coming for me.” I thought. I felt my breathing grow a little faster and I shook my head. I now couldn’t shake the image of the two grown men in clown masks from my mind. The face of the mask was chilling and it triggered a certain type of fear in me. I wasn’t afraid of clowns but those masks… they were scary. I couldn’t think about this for too long because Victor began to speak again.
     “They said they were coming for you? What do you mean; what did they say exactly?”
     “They said that they were coming for me.” I repeated. There was nothing more I could say because that was all they had said on the note. I looked at Victor’s face and I could tell that he was angry. “I’m sorry.” I said in a hushed tone. He looked at me and his eyes grew softer.
     “Why are you sorry, you didn’t do anything.” I shook my head. 
     “I don’t know, I just… Victor, what if I wouldn’t have let Sarah run off that night? What if I would have been the bigger person and just stopped her?” He shook his head.
     “She wouldn’t have listened to you.” I shook my head.
     “Maybe I wouldn’t feel so guilty if I would have done more to stop her from going though.” He shook his head and his gaze grew frustrated. 
     “Vanessa, this is not your fault, you…” The door opened, stopping him from saying whatever it was he had planned to say. I looked over at the door but Victor didn’t move his eyes off of me. I recognized the person walking in to be Josh. He didn’t smile at me or anything, he just walked in, shut the door behind himself and sat at the table in front of me and Victor, placing a file on the table. Only when Josh had sat down did Victor look away from me. He looked at Josh and then Josh looked at him.
     “Victor, what are you doing here?” He seemed puzzled.
     “Vanessa and I are good friends and she needs mental support.” I wasn’t quite sure that this was the truth. I was pretty sure that Victor was here because he loved me, at least I hoped that was why he was here.
     “Well, began Josh, “That’s very kind of you but I need to speak with Vanessa in private.” Victor shook his head.
     “Well, you see, Arnold, being my uncle and the chief of police, gave me permission to be with Vanessa. I’m going to stay here.” He said. I looked from Victor to Josh and I was shocked when he didn’t argue with him, he just nodded in agreement. I was pretty sure that Victor wasn’t allowed to be here during questioning, even if he was the chief’s nephew. But Josh didn’t argue so I wouldn’t either.
     Josh looked at me and he began to speak.
     “Vanessa, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting for so long, I know you must be scared and tired.” It really hadn’t been that long it had just felt like forever.
     “It’s fine.” He nodded.
     “Ok, so I need you to tell me what happened.” I sighed.
     “I already told you though.” He nodded.
     “I know, but I’ve got this,” he motioned at a recording device, “So you won’t have to tell anybody anything again.” I nodded, not wanting to explain this again. “Don’t spare any details.” He said seriously. I nodded again and then I began to speak.
     “I was sleeping and then I began to hear a noise at my window in the kitchen.”
     “What kind of a noise was it?” I closed my eyes for a short second and refrained from sighing at the police officer. “So it’s gonna be this kind of a questioning.” I thought, irritated.
     “It was a scratching sound, it kind of sounded like a tree branch was scratching up against my window, but it was louder. I didn’t think much of it until I began to hear a tapping sound on the window. That’s when I began to think that someone was breaking into the dorm. I was going to just leave and go over to the neighbor’s house and call the police but when I went over to the door the handle began to jiggle and I kind of knew that someone was breaking in through the front door as well.” 
     “And is that when you hid in the cupboard?” I nodded.
     “Yes, I went and hid in the cupboard and then a few seconds later, one of the men broke in through my window. He then walked over to the door and let in the second man and then he shut and locked the front door.”
     “And you could see the men?” He asked, seemingly confused. I nodded.
     “The cupboard door was put in wrong when it was built so I could just barely see what was going on in the living room and kitchen.”
     “Can you tell me what the men looked like?” I shook my head.
     “Not really, I mean, I didn’t get to see their faces or anything.”
     “Could you see skin color, hair color, anything?” I shook my head again.
     “No, they were completely covered.” Josh looked frustrated.
     “What did the men wear?” I closed my eyes, trying to picture what they had been wearing. It was very clear in my mind and I could describe everything like it had happened just a few minutes ago.
     “They were both wearing black jeans and black hoodies. They wore black work boots and it looked like black, leather gloves. Around their waists were black utility belts and in the belts were bottles of some liquid, a few hand-towels, some duct tape, pick locks and knives, a lot of knives.” 
     “Can you tell me what kind of knives they were, do you know?” I shook my head.
     “I don’t know the brand or anything but they looked like hunting knives.” Josh nodded. 
     “Now, you said they were completely covered, does that mean they were wearing masks or did they have their hoods on?”
     “They wore masks.” I said quietly. 
     “Alright, what did the masks look like?” I saw the image in my mind and I felt scared to even describe it. I remained silent and I just stared at my hands. I felt a hand touch my back and begin to rub it. I looked up and realized it was Victor. He nodded at me, urging me to tell Josh what the masks looked like. I frowned and then I looked back at Josh. Victor was still rubbing my back and for some reason, that made me feel safe enough to talk.
     “The uh, the masks were clown masks.” I finally spat out.
     “Good girl Vanessa.” Josh said, thankful I had finally spoken. “I know that you’re scared but if you could describe the masks to me, it might make it easier for us to find the men.” I nodded in understanding.
     “The face was a pale white but there were black lines and stuff to give the face detail. The nose was red but it wasn’t like a normal clown nose, all circular. The nose was sort of shaped like a normal nose but it was big. Does that make sense?” I asked, not sure if I was making any sense at all. Josh nodded a little.
     “I think I’m getting you.”
     “Ok. Um, the eyes were covered with a black material or something, they could see out of the eyeholes but no one would be able to see their eyes.” Josh nodded. “The lips were formed into a huge smile and there were a lot of canine looking teeth showing. The lips of the mask were red.” 
     “And did this mask just cover their face or did it go over their entire head?” 
     “It went over their entire head. There was the face part and then on the top of the head and on the back of the head there was hair. It was like a mask and a wig in one.”
     “Ok, good. Now, what did the wig look like?” 
     “The hair was either a dark orange or a red color and it was super curly, it looked like an afro.” 
     “And was that it for the masks?” I nodded.
     “Yes.” He nodded as well. 
     “Alright, we’ll see what we can do with that information. So now that we’re done with the description of what they were wearing, can you tell me how tall they were, do you know?” I shook my head.
     “No, I was looking up at them so I couldn’t guess a height. I can tell you though that the man that came through the window was bigger; he was taller and more muscular. The man that came in through the door was smaller in comparison to the other man; he was shorter and thinner.” Josh nodded.
     “Ok, thank you. Now, Vanessa, what happened once the men were both in your dorm room?” 
     “They began to search the place. I kind of thought they were just there to steal stuff but they were searching the house and not taking anything. They looked in the bathroom and in the kitchen, in my room, they searched pretty much everywhere but they didn’t take anything. It’s kind of like they were looking for someone… they were looking for me.” Josh said nothing on my comment, he just stared at me for a long second, trying to figure something out. Finally he nodded and moved on.
     “So, after they were done searching your room, that’s when they left?” I shook my head.
     “No, not exactly. After they were done searching my room the man who had come in through the window left the note and Sarah’s cell phone on my bed. After the items were placed, the men left my room through the window.” Josh stared at me curiously.
     “So you know about the letter they left you.” I nodded. 
     “Yes.” 
     “Well then, we’ll get to that in a minute, I just have a few more things to ask you about the home invasion.” 
     “Ok.” 
     “Once the men left your dorm, that is when you called the police, correct?” I nodded.
     “Yes, the men left my room and then I waited a while, making sure they weren’t going to come back. When I felt safe enough to leave the cupboard, I crawled out. There was glass on the floor so I cut up the palm of my hands and my knees.” I held out my hands, showing them to Josh. He nodded and I spoke again. “I then ran to my bedroom and I grabbed my phone and called the police.” 
     “When did you first notice the note and cell phone?” He inquired.
     “I noticed them while I was on the phone with the operator. I looked at Sarah’s phone and then I read the note. Shortly after that, I followed the operator’s instructions to head over to my neighbor’s house. I was heading there when you and Officer Garrett showed up.” He nodded and then the look in his eye grew more serious. I knew it was time for the real questioning.
     We were all silent as Josh got into the file that he had placed on the table earlier. He pulled out a picture of the note that had been left on my bed and he laid it down on the table.
     “So, if it’s alright, I’m gonna ask you a few questions about this note.” I nodded a little, not sure how much help I could be. “Alright, so, first thing’s first, you knew that Sarah Ellen was missing, correct?” I nodded.
     “Yes, I was the one that called her parents and told them that I thought she was missing. They then proceeded to file a missing person’s report.” 
     “Did you suspect that Sarah was in danger at all or did you think that she had just run off?”
     “Well at first I suspected she just ran off but after a while, she wasn’t answering her phone for me, her boss or for her parents so I began to suspect that something was wrong.” I hesitated to mention James at this time.
     “Do you have any clue why Sarah left in the first place? If you don’t it’s alright.” I exchanged a quick look with Victor and then I looked back at Josh.
     “I do know why she left.” 
     “And why was that?”
     “We had gotten in a disagreement over something and she was angry so she took off.” 
     “And on her missing person’s report, it says that she went missing on Halloween night.” I nodded.
     “That’s correct.”
     “I’m sorry to ask you this Miss Howell, but what kind of an argument was it? It had to have been bad to make her leave.” I shook my head. 
     “No, it wasn’t anything too serious, just boy drama. She likes a boy that I was hanging out with and she got jealous and left. I might add though that she was drunk on Halloween night so her reactions to everything were more intense than they normally would have been.” I touched the almost gone bruise on my cheek. “I had pushed Sarah because she said something rude and then she slapped me in the face. Shortly after that, she ran off and I didn’t see or hear from her again.” Josh nodded.
     “Ok, thank you for your honesty.” He flipped the picture of the note around so that I could read it. He looked from it to me and spoke. “We have the real note right now and we’re looking for anything that could lead us to the men but we don’t think we’re going to find anything. However, we thought we would show it to you and have you tell us what you think it means. This note is very personal and it is directed to you. We think that it was written by someone you know. It doesn’t have to be someone you know well, but it is possible the note was written by someone you know. Since you’ve already read the note, it is possible you have an idea of who the men might be. However, read it over again and tell me if anything means anything to you.” I nodded and brought the picture closer to myself.
     “Catch me, catch me, if you can.” I read aloud, “This, to me, feels like the person who wrote the letter is inviting me, or challenging me to find them. It’s almost like they think this is a game and they want me to participate.” I looked back down at the letter and read some more. “Poor, poor Sarah didn’t like my plan.” I read this quietly and the pain and fright in my voice was evident. Victor took my hand and held it reassuringly. I didn’t look at him but I squeezed his hand in response. “I’m not sure about this. I don’t know what the man’s plan was but she obviously figured it out and didn’t like it.” I continued to read. “She ran away but it was ok, I caught her again on the very next day. She didn’t like what the man was doing so she ran away from him but he caught her again.” I frowned as I looked back down at the picture. “She fought and she struggled, maybe that was the trouble, but now dear Sarah is nothing but rubble. Sarah fought the man and she was causing him a lot of trouble so he…” I choked on my words, unable to spit them out. I took in a deep breath and then I said what I thought. “He killed her.” Josh nodded seeming to agree with me. I looked back down at the picture, pushing away the sadness I was feeling and I read the last line. “So, it doesn’t matter when, but it does matter who, you should sleep with one eye open, I’m coming for you.” I whispered this last part, I couldn’t seem to get my voice to work. “I… the man doesn’t care how long it’s going to take, he doesn’t have a specific time he needs it done by, but he’s coming for me. He’s not going to go after anybody but me until…” I stopped and shook my head. I pushed my chair out and I stood up, not wanting to stay still any longer. I let go of Victor’s hand and then I began to pace. “I don’t even know what this means.” I admitted. “What was his plan? Did he need Sarah to do something for him or was he trying to hurt her, what was his plan?” I asked, frustrated.
     “We don’t know, Vanessa.” Josh muttered. “We’re going to figure it out though. What we really need though is to figure out who did it. We’re not going to know a lot more until we find who did it.”
     “Or Sarah.” Victor threw in. “You could find Sarah.”
     “Victor, do you not think we’re already on that?”
     “No, I don’t doubt that you’re already searching for Sarah but I think you’re wasting your time asking Vanessa who the killer is when she clearly doesn’t know.” I shook my head at that comment.
     “No, no, I might know, but I…” I exhaled deeply and looked at Josh. “There’s this kid named James Caplin and he used to… I guess stalk Sarah. I uh, I came home yesterday and he was outside of the dorm building. I passed him and he kind of stopped me from walking. He held his arm out in front of me so I stopped walking. He was saying some weird stuff, like he was asking about Sarah and where she was. It was scary because he went from, ‘where is Sarah’ to, ‘you’ll be with Sarah really soon’. I’m not sure what his deal was but he was scaring me so I tried to leave. When I began to walk away though, he grabbed my wrist and he pulled me toward him. He then grabbed my other wrist and he got really close to me and told me that I would be with Sarah soon.” 
     “He also hurt Vanessa.” Victor added. I scowled at him but he shrugged and looked at Josh. “Her wrist is bruised.” Josh looked at me. 
     “Can I see your wrist?” He questioned. I nodded, walked back to my seat, sat down and pulled back the jacket sleeve, revealing the hand shaped bruise around my wrist. Josh nodded. “Well, we can bring him in for battery and question him. He might be one of the men that broke into your room.” I nodded, thinking that they should do that. “However, what I will tell you now is this, I’ve known James his entire life and I assure you he’s harmless. He’s a strange kid and I won’t deny that he had a thing for Sarah in high school, but to harm her or anyone for that matter,” he shook his head, “He wouldn’t do anything of the sort.” I squinted my eyes a little at him, not sure I believed him. 
     “Well, from my experiences with James, I’d have to say that I do believe he is capable of hurting people.” I held up my wrist. “He didn’t even pull me hard and he still hurt me.” Victor’s fingers rolled up into a fist and I could tell that he was angry.
     “Well, like I said, we’ll bring him in for battery and we’ll question him.” Josh seemed almost unwilling to do this and that made me nervous.
     We sat there for a moment until Josh began to speak again.
     “Besides James, can you think of anyone that would want to harm you or Sarah?” I thought about it and decided that there was no one. I shook my head.
     “I can’t think of anyone that would want to harm me. As for Sarah, I’m not sure; I don’t know all that much about her personal life.” Josh nodded a little and then he sighed.
     “Alright, I just have a few more things to discuss and then you’ll be free to go.” I nodded.
     “Ok.”
     “The phone that was left on your bed…”
     “Sarah’s phone.” I informed him. He nodded, clearly already knowing.
     “Yes, we searched everything and we saw many missed calls from you, a few from her boss, Daniel, and then a bunch of calls from her parents. We found a bunch of unopened texts, and quite a few voicemails. Also, we found a few pictures that had been taken after Sarah went missing.” Josh opened the file and pulled out a few pictures that he must have printed off of the phone. He looked at me with a serious face. “There were only three pictures taken after the night she left and since the men left a letter to you, we thought that you might know the significance of these pictures.” I shrugged, not sure if I would be able to or not but willing to do anything.
     “I can look at the pictures.” I said. Josh nodded in approval. He laid out the three pictures before me and I looked at them. 
     “These pictures were taken chronologically, the first one is on the far left and the last one is on the far right.” I observed them. The first picture was a big, red, neon “A.” There was seemingly another letter next to the A but I couldn’t see what letter it was. The second picture was of one Sprite and one Doctor Pepper bottle. 
The third picture was of a dumpster. I stared at them, not sure what any of them meant. Obviously Josh didn’t see the confusion on my face; he asked me more questions. 
     “Do you have any clue what these pictures mean?” I shook my head. 
     “No, they just look like random nonsense to me. I’m sorry but I don’t know what these mean.” He frowned and gathered up the three pictures.
     “That’s ok, we figured it was a long shot.” He put the pictures back into the file and then he looked at me. “One of the last things I need to speak to you about is your living arrangements. With all of this going on, we feel that it would be unwise to let you continue to live at your dorm room. If you want to live there still, we can’t stop you, but we feel it would be better if you stayed with family or a friend until we find Sarah and the men. Do you have anywhere you can stay?” As I began to shake my head, Victor interrupted me and nodded.
     “Vanessa will be staying with me and my uncle for the time being.” I looked at him, a little irritated that he was making this big decision for me. 
     “Is that so?” Josh looked at me, making sure that I agreed with this. I scowled at Victor for a long, hard minute but finally I looked at Josh and nodded.
     “That’s correct. I’ll be staying with them.” Josh nodded.
     “Alright then, that’s gonna be all for now.” He said as he turned off the recording device and stood up. I shook my head and stood up too.
     “You guys need to keep me in the loop with all of this.” I demanded. Josh looked at me like I was crazy for even thinking this.
     “We will tell you what you need to know but we’re not going to tell you every single thing we find out.” I shook my head. 
     “I don’t need to know everything,” I insisted, “Just the important stuff that can help me to help you.” Josh nodded a little.
     “We can do that.” I flashed a small, somewhat grateful smile at him and then he nodded at me. “I’m going to go talk to the chief. You guys are good to go.” He took a step forward and then he stopped, looking back at me. “You are free to go back to your dorm room and get anything you need. We’ve taken pictures of everything and all of the police are gone. We’ve called some people to go fix the window and we cleaned up the glass and taken it in to search for print or DNA evidence. You said you got cut by some so if we find any DNA evidence we’ll have it compared with your DNA.” I nodded. “Officer Garrett is at your dorm room now and will remain there until we can get the window fixed. You are free to go.” He then turned around and exited the room.
     When Josh left, I looked at Victor who was still sitting in his chair, deep in thought.
     “Are you ok?” I wondered. He sort of smiled and he looked at me.
     “Am I ok?” He nodded and chuckled. “I’m fine, it’s you we should all be worried about.” He said in a serious manner. He stood up and walked up to me. “Let’s go get your stuff and then we can go to my place, ok.” I nodded and then we exited the small room.
     When we were out in the hallway, walking toward the exit, Victor’s phone rang; he received a text message. He stopped walking and I did the same. He read over the text and his face became a mix of terror, anxiety and seriousness. He looked at me, unable to hide his emotions. 
     “I… I have to go, I promise I’ll be back in a few minutes. Can you stay here, it will only take twenty minutes tops.” I nodded, puzzled at his strange behavior.
     “Yeah, I can wait here, what’s wrong though?” He shook his head.
     “Nothing, I just have to go. Stay here, I’ll be back in a little. Don’t leave.” He instructed. I nodded, not wanting to leave.
     “Ok.” I mumbled as he swiftly began to walk away from me. I watched him as he walked, he looked like he was ready to run away.
     When Victor was gone, I looked around. The station was swarming with people; police officers were running around frantically. I found a seat and I sat down in it and watched the people. People ran around with papers and they all seemed to be talking about one thing: the men that had broken into my dorm room. I tried to listen in to see if anyone had figure anything out but there was so much chattering going on that I couldn’t pick any one person to listen to. My attention flew from one person to another and the more I sat here trying to figure out what was going on, the more tired I began to feel. I felt my eyes beginning to droop and I wanted to sleep. I was too wound up to sleep though; I could close my eyes all I wanted, but my thoughts wouldn’t let me sleep. I tried to open my eyes and finally, I saw something that gave me a reason to keep them open. Over on a bench on the far side of the room was a man, he was so familiar. I stared at him for a nice, long minute before I finally recognized him. “That’s the guy from Victor’s party,” I thought, “The one that was yelling at him. What in the world is he doing here?” I stared at him, clueless as to why he would want or need to be here at this time. As I stared at him, he looked over at me and began to stare at me. I wanted to look away but I was unable to. It was like my eyes were metal and the man was a strong magnet, pulling my gaze toward him. I felt guilty for thinking this, but while I stared at him, I couldn’t help but admire his beauty. “He is so hot.” I thought. “That’s wrong Vanessa! You’re with Victor, shame on you for checking this guy out. Look away from him. I can’t look away from him… I literally can’t.” I tried to move my eyes but was unable to. “What the hell is going on?” I wondered. I stared at him and felt a warmth enter my body, it was the weirdest feeling I’d ever felt. I felt… well, I wasn’t sure what I felt because it was a new feeling. It was good though, perfect to be exact. It was a perfect feeling that I never wanted to go away; I wanted it to stay with me forever. 
     I was so lost in the beauty of the man and in the hypnotic, amazing feeling I got when he looked at me. I was content just staring at him but that changed when, all of a sudden, he was gone. I felt a frown form on my face and I snapped out of my trance. I felt the wonderful, happy feeling leave me and then I was alone. I looked where the man had been and then around the surrounding areas. “Where did he go?” I wondered. “He was here a second ago, wasn’t he? Oh, I’m not going crazy, am I? He was here and then he wasn’t. Things don’t just disappear… do they?” I shook my head, knowing that they didn’t. Still, I looked back at where the man had been, knowing that he had been there a few moments ago and that he had disappeared.









Chapter 10

     I hastily walked out of the police station and out into the parking lot. I kept thinking over the text she had sent me in my head. “Meet me at your car in five minutes.” I took in a deep breath and let it out. “Why is she here?” I thought. “What did I do wrong? Did I do something wrong?” I was panicking a little and I didn’t want to have to leave Vanessa at this time but I sort of had to. 
     It was still dark out, though you could tell the sun was going to come up soon. I walked over to my car that was parked on the far side of the parking lot. I unlocked it and I slid into the driver’s seat. I sat in silence and darkness for a minute and then I heard the car door open and a figure slid into the passenger’s seat. The door close and then I looked to my right. Nichole was sitting in the passenger’s seat and she casually crossed her legs and looked at me.
     “I love how fast you respond to my requests Victor, really, I do.” I nodded a little, not in the mood for small talk.
     “What’s up Nichole?” I questioned. She frowned a little.
     “Correct me if I’m wrong, but you seem to be a little preoccupied.” I nodded hesitantly.
     “A little busy but it’s fine.” She smiled, pleased with my answer.
     “Good. How about you and I go grab a bite to eat? You look a little frazzled.” I really didn’t want to go anywhere right now, I’d rather just be with Vanessa. I dared not argue with Nichole though, so I nodded.
     “Alright, where to?”
     “You’re the one living in this town, you tell me.” I nodded and started the car.
     “As you wish.” I said as I backed out of the parking lot. 
     We began to drive down the main road and Nichole began to talk.
     “So, Victor, how have you been lately? I haven’t heard from you at all since I sent you here. I thought I would just check on you and see how it’s going.” I nodded.
     “It’s going well; I’ve created three vampires for you already. I sent them to you, did you not receive them?” She nodded. 
     “Oh no, I received them and I must say, you did an excellent job picking them and you did the first three so hastily. I was just wondering if you were ok because I haven’t received any more from you in a few weeks. Is there a problem?” I shook my head.
     “No, I’ve just been busy.” Her eyes grew interested. 
     “Busy, with what, if I might ask?” 
     “Just looking for the best vampires for you.” She smiled, flattered. 
     “Victor, you’re too sweet. However, I thought I would help a little. Did you know that Vanessa Howell is going to Dartmouth?” I paused, not sure whether to lie to her or not. I decided to lie.
     “I have no idea who Vanessa Howell is, I’m sorry.” She shook her head, not minding my comment.
     “Vanessa Howell is Dominique Howell’s daughter.” I continued in my lie. 
     “Dominique Howell?” Nichole laughed, amused.
     “Victor, you are so adorable! Dominique Howell, the fashion designer. She’s quite famous actually and her daughter is… shall we say, a genius.” I nodded a little.
     “And she goes to the school you say?” She nodded. 
     “Yes. You see, you’ve been taking so long with your vampires that I figured you just needed some help choosing them. I thought I would tell you about Vanessa so that you could perhaps turn her.” I quickly shook my head.
     “No!” I said a little too enthusiastically. I cleared my throat. “No, I already have my vampires picked out; I just need to turn them.” Nichole chuckled. 
     “Well if you already have them picked out then why are you still here? Just turn them and bring them to me and you can go home.” I clenched my teeth, knowing I was getting deeper and deeper into trouble with every lie I told.
     “There’s been… complications.” I stalled. She looked at me, a little confused.
     “Complications… what kind of complications?” I tried to think of an answer quickly. “Tell her about him. If she knows that he’s in town, she’ll forget all about Vanessa and you can get her away from here and to safety.” I was extremely tempted to just give him away but something stopped me from my selfish desire.
     “Complications with the students.” Nichole’s eyes widened like she could hardly believe I would have complications with humans.
     “Again, I must ask, what kind of complications?”
     “There’s been a kidnapping and a killing and now another student is on the verge of being kidnapped and killed.” Nichole’s eyes went back to normal and she smiled.
     “Victor, this is not a complication, this is an open opportunity for you!” She seemed too excited. I parked the car on the side of the road and I turned off the engine and unbuckled. Nichole did the same and then we got out of the car. “While there is this kidnapping and murder spree going on, get the rest of the vampires. Everyone will think it’s the killer and that will be that.” I shook my head.
     “Well, that was my thought process,” I lied, “But the killer has sworn not to kill anyone but the student he’s after now.” Nichole sighed. 
     “Then just kill the student and get the rest of your vampires. Goodness knows this isn’t rocket science, Victor.” I bit the inside of my lip and stumbled for the words to say. “Just do it Victor!” I told myself. “Just get her the seven other vampires and then you can get on with your life. No, not right now. I don’t have them picked out yet and she’ll know if they’re dumb. I need to find smart people but I can’t, not right now with Vanessa in danger. I need to be with her, not with other students. I need to be finding this killer.” I looked at Nichole and sighed. 
     “I could kill the student and get that over with but I just fear that the more deaths there are here the more attention we may attract.”
     “Attention?” She said as we entered a bar.
     “Yes, from the shape shifters.” She laughed and we sat down at a small table.
     “Sweetheart, the shape shifters are hardly an issue. What has got you acting so carefully?” She interrogated. I paused and shook my head.
     “Nothing, I just want to be thorough.” She smiled and laid her hand on my shoulder.
     “You are very thorough Victor and I admire that, however, you are being perhaps a little too much of an overachiever, don’t you think?” I shook my head.
     “Not at all. You said I had one term to do this job and the first term is only about halfway through. I swear, all of your vampires will be to you by the end of the Fall term. I’ll get right back to work after…” I stopped talking instantly and I formed my hand into a fist, angry at myself. Her face grew weary.
     “After what?” 
     “After… after I help catch the killer that is killing the students.” 
     “And why on Earth would you want to do that?” She wondered.
     “Because while there’s a killer running around, no students are going to want to get close to anyone. How am I to know whether or not they are suitable for the job if I can’t get to know them?”
     “That is where the gift of constraining humans comes in handy my dear. I swear, if I didn’t know any better I’d say you didn’t know how to constrain people.” “She just doesn’t give up.” I thought angrily.
     “Well, there’s that and the person that I’m staying with is the chief of police.” 
     “So?” 
     “So, I’m pretending to be his nephew while I stay here. If I don’t try and help him solve this case, people will get suspicious of me.” She laughed. 
     “Victor, you are not a police officer, no one will suspect anything if you don’t help with this case.” I shook my head angrily, finally willing to spit out a little bit of the truth.
     “I’m in love with the student that is being threatened by the killer.” I said. Nichole’s face grew puzzled and then understanding. She let out a soft laugh.
     “You’re in love you say?” She laughed again. “Oh, Victor, you are so precious; you’ve fallen in love with a human.” I looked down, not wanting to make eye contact with her. “Why not just turn her into a vampire and then you won’t have to worry about anything.” I shook my head and looked up.
     “Because I don’t want it to be like that. I don’t want to turn her out of fear, I want to turn her when she’s ready.”
     “Does she know about… you know?” I shook my head.
     “She has no clue.” Nichole actually looked troubled over this and I couldn’t tell why.
     “Well you are in a difficult position, aren’t you.” I nodded a little.
     “If you would please just let me catch this murderer I swear I will have the vampires to you by the end of this term to the middle of the break in-between this term and next term.” She shook her head angrily.
     “I sent you here to create smart vampires and all you have done so far is make me three vampires and fallen in love with a worthless human.” She shook her head again but then she stopped. She sat there for a long minute and then a small smile formed on her face. “You can help find this killer if you must, but you may not use any of you powers when doing so. You cannot constrain anyone, and you may not use your strength or your speed. None of your powers are allowed to be used in search of this killer or protection of your… lover. That is an order. You can use your powers when not searching for this murderer but you may not use your powers on anything related to this case, are we clear?” I felt my heart stop. I had planned on finding this guy tomorrow with all of the resources I had but now, what could I do? I couldn’t protect Vanessa, I couldn’t constrain anybody, I was useless. I tried not to glare at Nichole but I was. I finally nodded.
     “We’re clear.” I said angrily. She smiled. 
     “Good. I’ll give you to the middle of the break to have all of your vampires to me. Do me a favor though and consider that girl Vanessa Howell. Lord knows if we had a brain like that in my army, we would go places.” I nodded a little.
     “I will think about it.” She smiled.
     “Well, now that we’re done with our little talk, let’s eat, I’m starving.” Nichole looked over at the bartender. She was a tiny thing and she barely looked twenty-three years old. Nichole smiled and then she looked at me. “She looks tasty.” I frowned. “Why don’t you go fetch her for me.” This was an order so I arose and walked over to the bartender. She smiled at me. There was no one else here but us three. I frowned, not wanting to hurt the young girl but not having an option.
     “What can I get you?” She asked as she crossed her arms and leaned over onto the table. I sighed and grabbed the girl by the arm and pulled her over the table. She screamed so I threw my hand to her mouth. She writhed about, trying to scream and push my hand away from her mouth. I dragged her over to Nichole and she smiled at me. She stood up and walked up to me, too close for comfort. She put her lips by my ear and she spoke. 
     “You’re such a good little vampire, it’s a shame you’re spoken for.” She kissed my cheek and then she looked at the bartender that was screaming in terror. She smiled at the poor girl. “Don’t mind me Victor, I’m just going to have one sip.” I was tempted to close my eyes but before I could even think about that, Nichole had bitten down on the girl’s neck and was draining her of her blood. I stood there sad; I wasn’t sad because of this dying girl but because of Vanessa. I knew that she wasn’t safe, not at all. I couldn’t save her and now Nichole wanted her. I had to save her, I had to help her, but I couldn’t, not on my own.
_____________________________________________________
      
     I sat quietly in the station, awaiting Victor’s return. It was six in the morning; he had been gone for nearly forty-five minutes. I wasn’t mad that he had been gone for so long, I was just confused. “Why’d he take off so quickly earlier? Who sent him that message? It had to have been someone pretty important for him to leave me. Wow, a little conceited.” I rolled my eyes at myself. “Whatever, you know it’s true. You didn’t even have to call him and he was here earlier, that’s got to mean something.”
     I was lost in my thoughts when I saw Victor round a corner and begin to walk to me. I snapped out of whatever it was I was in and I smile at him. Despite how horrible I felt at the time, with my fatigue and all that was going on with Sarah and myself, I couldn’t help but smile at him. “That guy from earlier was beautiful but there is no denying that Victor is more so. He’s perfect.” My smile faded a little though as I recalled the feeling I had gotten when I looked at that other guy. “Why don’t I feel that when Victor looks at me? I think I love Victor so why in the world do I not feel that perfect feeling when I look at him?” I couldn’t figure it out but I decided that it didn’t matter. 
     When Victor got to me, I stood up and he hugged me tight. 
     “I’m so sorry, Vanessa!” He apologized. I shook my head.
     “Don’t worry about it.” He let go of me.
     “I had a work thing to take care of.” I froze, a little shocked.
     “Wait, you have a job?” He nodded.
     “Yeah. My uh, my boss wanted me to come in to work today but I told her I couldn’t because stuff was going on with you. She told me that if I didn’t come in I would be fired and one thing led to another.”
     “So you went to work?” I inquired, a little confused. He nodded.
     “Yeah, I went to work and quit.” My mouth dropped open and I shook my head.
     “No, no, no, no!” I said loudly. “No, Victor, go back to work and get your job back. You don’t have to stay with me. Go to work.” He half smiled and shook his head.
     “No, I don’t want the job. I’ve got money. I don’t need a job and I’d rather stay with you.” I felt a small smile form on my face but I got rid of it instantly. 
     “You shouldn’t have done that.” I said disapprovingly. He shook his head. 
     “I wanted to.” I sighed, not wanting to argue with him. 
     “Alright.” I muttered. He smiled and looked back from where he had come from.
     “Let’s go get your stuff so we can go to my house, ok.” I nodded and then we began to walk to the front door. 
     Victor and I walked out to the parking lot and then we got into his car. It was still super cold outside so he turned on the heater as soon as the car started. I buckled up and then Victor began to drive to the dorm rooms. We were quiet mostly. Usually I could rely on Victor to create small talk but not today. At the moment, he seemed like something was upsetting or worrying him. I looked at him and frowned. I couldn’t tell why he was upset. At first I thought he was like this because of his job but he hadn’t seemed too upset about that earlier. I then decided that he was upset because of all of the stuff going on, I could relate to that. I wanted to talk to him about everything so badly but at the same time, I didn’t think I could do it. I was so tired and I just wanted to sleep. How could I sleep though? Someone kidnapped and probably killed Sarah and now they’re coming after me. How could any rational human being want to sleep at a time like this? “Probably because you have a hot boyfriend that could kick those creepers’ asses.” I shook my head at that thought. “No, that’s not it, Victor couldn’t do anything if someone was trying to stab him with a knife, you know, unless he has some hidden superpower.” I half smiled at that thought. “He certainly looks like a superhero.” I frowned when I looked at his face. “Why is he anxious? Why wouldn’t he be?” I countered. “I think I’d be anxious if I were him.” I pondered over this for a while until Victor parked the car in the dorm parking lot. He stopped the car and then we both got out. I looked at him as we began to walk to my room and I finally asked my question.
     “Victor,” I began, “Why are you anxious?” He looked at me and gave me a puzzled look. 
     “Anxious?” I nodded.
     “Yes. You didn’t talk in the car and when you don’t talk, I think. The more I think, the more I begin to over think. I know that you’re anxious about something but I don’t know what it is. I know the obvious thing would be the situation going on but I’m not completely sure.” He nodded a little and opened the door for me. I walked in and he followed. We began to walk back to my room and he spoke.
     “I’m anxious because of this whole situation.” He said in a hushed tone.
     “What part of it are you worried about?” I felt stupid asking him these questions but he didn’t seem to think they were dumb or anything. He looked at me for a brief second and then he looked away. 
     “I worry for you. That sounds selfish because Sarah is the one we should all be focusing on right now but I worry that something might…” He stopped talking and sighed a little. I frowned and shook my head.
     “I’m going to be fine.” I said as we stopped in front of my room door. I waited for him to say “I know you will be” or something of the sort, but he didn’t. “He doesn’t think I’m going to be alright.” I thought. “He thinks…” I stopped right there, not willing to think any further. 
     When my mind was off of this whole topic, I knocked on the front door. I felt odd needing permission to get into my own house but I didn’t have my key with me. After a long twenty seconds, Garrett opened the front door and let us inside. We entered the room and then I looked over at the window. It was still broken but all of the glass was cleaned up. I felt a small shiver run through my body, I was scared when I looked at the broken window. I could picture the men in the masks clearly and it scared me even more now knowing that they wanted to harm me. I shook off my fear, trying to pull it together. I looked at Victor.
     “I have a few boxes in my room and my suitcase is in there. I’ll let you put all of my clothes in the suitcase because they’re all in drawers, you won’t get them mixed up with Sarah’s stuff.” He nodded.
     “Alright.” We both walked into my room and then I grabbed my suitcase from under the bed and I set it on top of the mattress. I opened it up and then I showed Victor where all of my clothes were. He immediately began to put stuff in my suitcase so I left him to that. As for me, I got the boxes I had brought with me and I began to load all of my personal items in them. I wasn’t planning on staying at Victor’s house forever but I didn’t want to leave any of my stuff here in fear that it might get stolen. So I packed everything up, from my socks and shoes to my laptop and school books, I took it all. Around seven a.m., Victor and I had packed all of my stuff up and had loaded it into my car. When everything was packed up and ready to go, we thanked Garrett for watching the house and for all he had done earlier and we went out to the parking lot. Victor was going to drive his car to his house and I was going to follow in my car. So we both got into our vehicles and we headed for his house. 
     When we got to Victor’s uncle’s house, I parked my car in the driveway and then I got out. Victor walked over to my car and he grabbed two boxes and I grabbed one box. We headed to the house and then we set the stuff up in the room I had stayed in last time. We then went down to the car and grabbed the rest of my stuff. After that, we took it to the room and then that was it. As we stood in the room, we were quiet. I heard a car door shut outside so Victor and I both went downstairs. We were greeted by Victor’s uncle, Arnold. Arnold hugged Victor and then he looked at me, flashing me a sympathetic look.
     “Vanessa,” he said as he held out his hand. I took it and we shook. “I’m so sorry my dear.” Arnold was an older man; he was probably in his late forties or early fifties. He had a full head of black hair with a lot of white woven into it. He had a circle beard that was the same color as his hair, black and white. He had brown eyes and a very bulky nose that was a little too large for his face, he still looked good though. His lips were an average size and they were a dark pink color. His face was shaped like an oval; it looked good with the rest of his facial features. Arnold was relatively tall; he was about six feet in height. He was well built, you could tell that he had been a police officer for a long time. I smiled at him and shook my head.
     “It’s not your fault.” I said honestly. He nodded but still wore his sympathetic face. 
     “If there is anything I can do for you, tell me. Josh and I have agreed to keep you updated on everything we possibly can and hopefully you will let us know if you find out anything else.” I nodded.
     “Definitely.” He smiled and pat my shoulder.
     “You’re welcome to anything you want, if you’re hungry, feel free to raid the fridge and cabinets. If you want to watch the television, feel free to do so. Anything you want to do, it’s all yours.” I nodded, grateful for his hospitality. 
     “Thank you, sir.” He chuckled. 
     “Arnold, dear, just Arnold.” I smiled and nodded. 
     “Arnold.” He pat my shoulder and then he looked at Victor. 
     “Word to the wise, Vick, just hang out around the house for a while, ok. Keep her here.” I tilted my head a little. 
     “Why?” I wondered aloud. Arnold looked at me.
     “Well, Hanover is a small town and we never have cases like this. Needless to say, the press is already all over this.” I frowned.
     “How’d they find out so fast?” 
     “Some students from the dorm you stay at were talking.” That was enough for me. Word travels fast, especially word at Dartmouth. “It might be less of a deal if the break in wouldn’t have happened in a Dartmouth dorm room but since it did happen there, there’s been some talk.” He shook his head. “But don’t worry about anything. We’re going to have a press conference later and fill people in on what’s going on. I just don’t want you out and about because of the situation at hand and also because the press is going to want to talk to you. You’re the daughter of Dominique Howell and now with this whole situation going on, the press is going to get on your case.” I nodded, understanding why he wanted me to stay put.
     “Alright, I’ll only leave if I absolutely have to.” He smiled at me and then he looked at Victor. 
     “I was just stopping by to grab something, I’m gonna head right back to the station in a few minutes. Don and Eddy are coming over in an hour, since Vanessa is staying here I thought it would be wise to have them stay over to guard the house.” Victor nodded.
     “Alright, sounds good. Be safe at work, alright.” Arnold nodded, pat Victor’s back and then he walked past us and up the stairs.
     When Victor and I were alone, I looked at him with tired eyes. He saw how sleepy I was so he spoke. 
     “Don and Eddy are security guards, they’re going to watch the house until this whole situation is over with.” I nodded. “You look like you need some sleep.” I stood there, contemplating whether or not I would be able to fall asleep. I decided that I would be able to so I nodded.
     “I’m sorry Victor, I’m just so…” He shook his head.
     “Don’t be sorry, go and sleep, you’ll feel better. I’ll be here if you need anything.”
     “You should sleep, you were up early too.” He shrugged. 
     “I don’t think I could sleep even if I wanted to.” I half smiled, understanding that.
     “Alright, well I’ll see you when I get up.” He nodded and then I turned around and went up the stairs to my room.
     I entered my room and then I closed the door behind myself. “This room and house is way too nice for me not to be paying them anything. Would that be weird paying him? If we’re… together, would that be weird to pay him for letting me stay here?” I thought this would be weird but I still wanted to do it. I looked at all of my stuff and decided that I would deal with it later, what I really wanted to do was sleep. I took off Victor’s jacket so that I was just in my pajamas and then I moved my suitcase off of the bed and turned off the light and lied down. I got comfortable under the blankets and then I closed my eyes. I had hoped that I would just fall right asleep but the moment I closed my eyes, my mind began to go crazy with thoughts and images. When I closed my eyes, I saw an image of the two men all dressed in black and then I saw the knives and the masks. I hastily blinked open my eyes so I wouldn’t have to see the mask but it was already in my head, I couldn’t just unsee it. I tried to think of something else but it was no use; all I could think about was the men in the masks, the note, and Sarah. I felt nauseous thinking about all of the weapons the men had in their utility belts. “What did they do to Sarah? Did they just kill her? Did they… torture her? Is she still alive? No, she can’t be alive, everything points to her being dead.” I paused. “Why am I not more devastated about this? I’m terrified for her but… there’s no actual evidence saying that she’s dead.” It took me a little while but I finally decided that I wasn’t devastated about Sarah because I wasn’t one hundred percent sure she was dead yet. I hadn’t seen her dead body, all we had was a note that indirectly said she was dead. “Maybe rubble isn’t even referring to death.” I thought. “Perhaps it’s saying that she is hurt but not dead.” I sighed and shook my head. “Please don’t let her have been hurt too severely.” I thought of the knives and then I froze. “What if… what if they catch me? What would they do to me? Would they go all Scream killer on me and stab me? Would they gut me, cut off my limbs?” I felt like I wanted to puke just thinking about this. “Vanessa!” I yelled at myself. “Shut up! My gosh, you’re not making anything easier by thinking of what could happen to you. Just stop thinking about this and sleep. Stop thinking about this? How in the hell am I supposed to stop thinking about this? Distract yourself. With what though? This whole kidnapper thing is pretty distracting in and of itself. Think of Victor, think of Pablo, think of school, think of your mom.” I froze. “My mom…” I sighed. “She really needs to know what’s going on. Should I call her now?” I shook my head a little. “No, what would I tell her? I haven’t talked to her in a while and the last time we did talk, she was being a bitch. I don’t want to call her and talk to her. No, but maybe telling her what’s going on will snap her out of her stubbornness.” I nodded a little, thinking it would. “Perhaps if I play this off right, she’ll even go back to helping me pay for college. I don’t want her help but I need it… or do I? If I live here with Victor and his uncle then perhaps I wouldn’t have to pay room and board; that would definitely make it easier on me. And if I lived here then I could definitely pay for everything on my own. This is great! I don’t even really have to call my mom! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down there missy. You still have to call your mom and tell her what’s going on.” I bit my lip. “Dammit, I do. Ugh! What do I tell her?” I struggled over what I would say to my mother for at least twenty minutes. After I ran out of stuff I could say, I settled with something and then I went back to worrying about the men. I shook my head, not wanting to think about them. “No, don’t even begin to think about them, think of something else.” I was frustrated with myself. “What else is there to think of?” I paused and thought for a long minute. Finally I came up with the solution to my thought problem. “Think about him, the man at the police station. Think of him? If you’re going to think of any man, think of Victor.” I frowned. “No, you don’t have to think of the man, just think of the feeling he gave you, that perfectly calm, soothing feeling.” I thought about it and then I felt myself beginning to relax. “What’s his name? Would it be wrong of me to ask Victor about him? Why were he and Victor yelling at each other?” I sighed, not caring right now. “I feel… good, relaxed. I think I might just,” I felt a large yawn escape my mouth and my eyes slowly closed, “Go to sleep.” I thought as I felt myself drift away.
     My sleep was a restless one, I didn’t dream, that might have been because I never fully slipped into unconsciousness. I would try to fall asleep and then I would hear a noise and sit up, looking around. It was never really anything, just things outside and occasionally the floorboards creaking. I couldn’t help but check when I heard the noises though. I wanted to feel safe in this house, after all, Victor was here and the two security guards were here. No sensible person would break into this house. I couldn’t shake my paranoia though, no matter how safe I was. So I was restless for however long I was asleep. There was one point of my slumber where I actually slipped into an unconscious state. It hadn’t felt like that had lasted long because I saw an image of the clown mask in my dream and then I saw a faceless person being stabbed and then I felt as if I was falling. I sat up in my bed and I took in a deep breath, prepared to hit the ground, but I didn’t hit the ground. I felt sweat dripping from my forehead and I took in another deep breath. I looked around warily; I saw that I was still in Victor’s house so I began to calm my breathing. I looked at the clock and saw that it was five in the afternoon, at least I hoped it was the afternoon. I blinked my eyes a few times and then I stood up and walked over to the window. I peeked my head out of the window and I saw the sun was still in the sky, almost ready to retire for the night. I closed the curtains and then I walked back over to my bed and sat on the edge of it. I ran my fingers through my slightly damp hair and I shook my head at myself. “Five p.m.” I thought. “I can’t believe I slept all day.” I frowned. “I don’t even feel refreshed… in fact, I feel worse than before.” I blinked my groggy eyes a few times, debating whether or not I wanted to go back to bed. My stomach growled, answering my question for me. I was planning to go and make some food but I remembered my wanting to call my mother. I looked at my cell phone that was lying silently on the bedside table and then I reached over and grabbed it.  I looked at the icons on my phone. I had a missed call, a voicemail and a text message from Pablo. The ringer was on silent so I hadn’t heard him call. I opened up the voicemail and I held it up to my ear.
     “Vanessa!” I heard Pablo say in a terrified tone. “I was watching the news today and I saw a story on the kidnappers and your roommate and you. I had to call you and make sure you were ok. I’m very scared so if you would give me a call, that would make me feel much better. Please call me soon.” The voicemail ended and I felt a frown upon my face. “Poor Pablo.” I thought. “I need to call him.” I then thought of my mother as I opened the text from Pablo. I read through the text and saw that it pretty much said the same as the voicemail had. I exited out of it and then I sat there, thinking. “I need to call Mom and tell her I’m okay so that when she figures out what is going on she’ll not be worried. Pff! Worried, when has she ever worried about you before? Let her call you like Pablo did.” I shook my head, thinking this was bad. Don’t get me wrong, I didn’t want to call my mom, my pride was telling me not to call her and to remain being angry at her. My common sense countered my pride and told me that I needed to make peace with her in case anything was to happen to me. So I dialed my mother’s cell phone and I listened as it rang. I waited and waited and when I was losing hope that she would pick up, she did.
     “Hello?” Dominique asked as if she had no clue who it could be. She had caller ID so believe me, she knew exactly who it was. 
     “Mom.” I said seriously, setting aside all bitterness and hatred I had for her.
     “Why Vanessa, is that you?” I took in a deep breath, trying not to get frustrated with her.
     “Yes ma’am, it’s me.” 
     “Have you called to apologize?” She asked as if that was the only reason I would ever be allowed to talk to her again.
     “No, not exactly.” I said calmly. “There’s been a…”
     “Why are you calling me then?” She interrupted.
     “I’m going to explain, so if you would do me the kindness of not interrupting me, I’d be much obliged.” She was silent so I began to speak. “Now, I’m calling you because I’m in trouble.” She laughed and I stopped talking, wondering what the hell was so humorous to her.
     “You see, I told you that you would have financial problems without my help but you never seem to listen to me.” I folded my fingers into a fist and I shook my head.
     “No.” I barked. “I’m not in financial trouble, it’s Sarah, Mom.” 
     “Sarah?” She inquired.
     “Yes, my roommate.” She laughed loudly.
     “Oh, the slut that dragged you off to that party… that Sarah?” I clenched my fingers together so tightly that I thought I was going to break a finger. The cuts under the bandages were throbbing in pain from the amount of pressure I was putting on them.
     “Will you quit being a bitch and listen to me!” I screamed. “Sarah went missing a few days ago and then last night some men broke into my dorm room and they were looking for me and…” 
     “I know.” Dominique hissed. I froze and felt my fingers loosen up. 
     “What?” I croaked.
     “I know.” She said slowly, pronouncing every word perfectly.
     “What do you mean, ‘you know?’ ” She sighed, obviously annoyed with me.
     “Good Lord, Vanessa! Pablo watches Hanover news every other day and he just happened to be watching it today while I was around. I saw the entire story on the news. Sarah got kidnapped and killed and now the killer is coming after you. Did I clear things up for you?” I clenched my teeth and took in a deep breath through my nose. 
     “If you know this, why didn’t you call to check on me?” I asked slowly. “Did you not care that your daughter was in danger and that her friend was abducted?” Dominique was silent for a long moment and then she let out a small sigh.
     “Vanessa, last I recall, you wanted nothing to do with me. Why would I call and check on you?” I felt my body go limp and I didn’t even feel like I had the strength to blink or breathe. I felt like I had been hit in the chest and had gotten the wind knocked out of me.
     “Two men broke into my dorm room, they left me a note basically saying that they killed Sarah and they’re coming after me next. I called you because you are my mother, and mad at me or not, you need to know what is going on. And now you’re telling me that you are too prideful to have even called me and made sure I was ok? It took a lot for me to even call your sorry ass and now I find out that you don’t even care!” I was now yelling. She laughed. 
     “What would you have me do, Vanessa?”
     “Hire a private detective, tell me that it’s going to be ok, ask me if I need to see a therapist because I almost got taken by these men who could have killed me.” She made a disapproving sound. 
     “That’s a little dramatic, don’t you think? You haven’t been taken by them yet.” I felt my heart break and I dropped my hands to my sides. I felt horrible and I couldn’t speak to her any longer. I hung up the phone and then I sat there on the bed, petrified. I didn’t know quite what I had expected from that call, what I got though was more than I would have ever imagined. My mother had never been the caring type so I hadn’t expected her to freak out but I’d never been in danger like I was now so I had expected her to be at least a little concerned for my safety. It didn’t matter anymore though, she didn’t care and now I knew it. I hadn’t cried in many years and I was sure that I was going to break down and cry at this time but I somehow managed to hold it back. “She’s not worth crying over.” I told myself. I knew this was true and I think that was the only thing that kept me from crying. At this point, I wasn’t sure what would make me cry. “Maybe I’m not normal. Pff, maybe? I’m not normal and I know it. What kind of a person doesn’t cry when their parents treat them like shit? What kind of a person doesn’t cry when they hear their best friend has been kidnapped and probably killed? What kind of a person doesn’t cry when they find out they are next on a killer’s hit list? Me, I’m the kind of person. Am I really so different from the rest of society or am I just so emotionally damaged that I can’t function like a normal person? I wonder if Victor really knows that I’m so different… if he did know, would he leave or would he not mind? I haven’t broken down yet so he’s got to know that I’m off.” I felt horrible and I was over thinking stuff way too much. As I thought, I heard a small knock on my door and then a second later, Victor opened the door and peeked his head in.
     “Are you ok?” He asked as he looked in my direction. “I heard you yelling and then you kind of got quiet so I thought I’d check on you.” I nodded.
     “I’m fine.” I said lifelessly. He frowned and walked over to my bed and sat on the edge by me. When he sat down, the bed squished down a little, causing me to slide toward him. Our legs and hips were pressed together and he put his arm around me. I didn’t really know what I was supposed to do when a guy did this so I did what felt right. I laid my head on his shoulder and I closed my eyes tightly, hoping that by closing my eyes this would all just fade away. 
     We sat there for a few moments before I finally spoke.
     “Did you hear what I was yelling about?” I questioned. In a sense, I hoped that he had so I wouldn’t have to fill him in but I also didn’t want him to have heard it because he might get the wrong idea about stuff, not that it truly mattered.
     “I heard bits and pieces of it.” He murmured. I sighed and opened my eyes to look at him. 
     “In October, my mom and I got into a fight over stupid stuff and we haven’t talked to each other since then. With everything going on, I thought I would be the bigger person and just call her and tell her what was going on. So I called her and it turns out she already knew.”
     “She already knew about the whole thing?” I nodded.
     “Yeah, she knew about Sarah, the note, the kidnappers, everything.” I closed my eyes again and I shook my head. “I don’t even know why I called her, Victor. I should have known she wouldn’t care. She’s never cared about anything so why would she care about this?” I shook my head angrily. “Our butler, Pablo called before she did and he’s not even related to me!” I exhaled deeply and then I opened my eyes again. “If this was happening to you and your mom didn’t even call to check on you, would you cry?” I asked, wondering if I was crazy for not crying. He sat there for a moment, thinking about his response. After a little while, he spoke.
     “I don’t think I would cry but I would be disappointed, much like you are. Do you feel like crying?” He wondered. I shook my head almost instantly. 
     “I haven’t cried in like four years. I’m devastated that she doesn’t care enough about me to even check on me but I don’t think she’s worth crying over, you know?” He nodded.
     “I can understand that.” He paused. “Have you really not cried in four years?” He asked, almost humorously. I frowned and nodded.
     “Is that weird?” He shook his head.
     “I don’t think so.” I sighed.
     “I feel so different, Victor. I feel like I’m not a normal person, like my childhood was so screwed up that I’m a freak now. What kind of a person doesn’t cry when all of this stuff happens to them?” He rested his chin on top of my head and I could feel him shaking his head.
     “You’re not a freak. If you don’t want to cry then you don’t have to cry, that’s not abnormal, that’s just you dealing with things the way you want to deal with them.” I chuckled at that comment; it held more truth than he knew.
     We sat in silence for five minutes before I pulled myself together. I lifted my head off of Victor’s shoulder and he removed his arm from me and stood up. I stood up as well. 
     “I’m going to call my butler really quick and let him know that I’m alright.” I announced. Victor nodded and then he walked toward the door.
     “Alright, I’ll be downstairs if you need me.” 
     “Ok.” He left the room, closing the door behind himself. When Victor was gone, I sat back down on the bed, grabbed my phone and called Pablo. The call was long and not particularly pleasant. I told him everything that had happened and then he talked for a long time about things I had to do to stay safe. I felt like I was receiving a lecture but at the same time, I loved it. I loved that Pablo cared for my safety and talking to him and hearing his concern made me feel better and loved.





Chapter 11

     When Pablo and I were done talking on the phone, I hung up and then I got up. I headed to the bathroom, hoping to take a quick shower. When in the bathroom, I checked every inch of the place to make sure I was the only one in here. When that was done, I locked the door and stripped. I removed all of the bandages from my body and then I got into the shower and bathed. While in the shower, I thought about school. Today was a Wednesday and I had missed my classes for the day. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do about school so I thought I would talk to Victor about it.
     Once I was clean, I got out of the shower, wrapped a towel around myself and I headed into the room to grab some clothes. I got dressed and then I brushed my hair and fixed the little makeup I had on still. When I looked decent, I left the room and headed downstairs. I found Victor in the kitchen staring at the TV. I paid no attention to it but I sat by his side. He looked at me and smiled. 
     “Hey.” I smiled back.
     “Hey.” 
     “I realize you haven’t eaten all day, can I make you some food?” I shook my head. 
     “No, I can make it myself.” He looked at me with a taunting gaze.
     “You don’t know where any of our food is so I will make it for you.” I scowled at him, knowing that he was right. He stood up and walked over to the pantry. He scanned over stuff and then he looked in the freezer. He looked back at me. “We have some Hot Pockets, do you like those?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, I’ll take one of those.” He smiled and then he grabbed it out of the freezer, unwrapped it and put it into the microwave. As my food cooked, I turned my attention to the TV; it was on some news channel. On the screen was a woman reporter and she was speaking. 
     “…and as the locals can tell you, this is by far the biggest news story of the year here in Hanover, New Hampshire.” I rolled my eyes at her. “How ecstatic she sounds.” I thought. The camera zoomed out and you could now see a middle aged man standing next to the woman. “Here with us today is local business owner, Ronald Finch.” She looked at Ronald and moved her microphone in his direction. “Can you tell us what your thoughts on this are?” The reporter asked the man. 
     “Well, I’ve lived in Hanover for eleven years and I’ve never seen a story like this here. You’ll occasionally hear about robberies and a shooting every now and again but I’ve never in my time here seen a story like this. A kidnapping and murder and now the men are going after another young girl.” He shook his head in disappointment.  
     “How does it make you feel that these two men broke into this young lady’s dorm room and left such a threatening letter to her?” The man shook his head. 
     “It’s terrifying. I have friends whose daughters go to Dartmouth. What’s to stop these men from breaking into their dorm rooms and hurting them?” “Don’t give them any ideas, jackass.” I was irritated with this guy and I didn’t know why. I looked away from the TV to see Victor pulling my Hot Pocket out of the microwave. He put it on a plate and brought it to me. I smiled at him and then he sat down by me. I took a bite of my food but it burned my mouth so I quickly set it down. I let the scalding bite I had taken cool off in my mouth so I didn’t look dumb spitting it out. When it was safe to swallow, I did so and then I looked at Victor. His eyes were glued to the television. 
     “That reporter lady seems to believe that Sarah is dead.” I commented. He nodded and looked at me. 
     “Unfortunately that’s what the entire police department believes too.” I frowned and looked down. “You believe she’s dead, don’t you?” He asked slowly. I bit my lip, deciding. 
     “I think the evidence so far points to her being dead but I really don’t want to believe it. I won’t fully believe it until I have legitimate proof.” He nodded, seemingly thinking that was fair.
     We didn’t talk as I ate my dinner but a conversation started when I looked at the clock. It was six fifteen. I gasped a little and Victor’s head turned to look at me.
     “What’s wrong?” He asked.
     “I had work tonight.” I mumbled. Victor laughed.
     “I think your boss will understand.” I thought of Daniel for a second and I figured that he knew what was going on. Still, I felt obligated to call him and tell him that I wouldn’t be there tonight.
     “I’ll be right back.” I said as I stood up. I quickly ran upstairs to grab my phone; it was on my bed. When I grabbed it, I saw that I had a missed call. I looked at the log and saw that Daniel had already called me and left a voicemail. I opened it up and listened.
     “Vanessa,” it began, “Hey, I saw the news this afternoon and wanted to call then but I was busy. I don’t know what your plans are with work but I assumed you wouldn’t be coming in tonight so I called Lynette. I hope you’re ok, we’re all worried for you! When you get a chance, call me back.” The voicemail ended and then I looked at the time he had called. Daniel had called a little after six. I bit my lip and looked at the clock; it was six thirty. I looked at my phone, deciding whether or not to call him back. I wanted to talk to Daniel but I wanted to talk to him in person. Daniel, Sarah and Victor were the only friends I had in Hanover and I just wanted to talk to Daniel and get everything off of my chest. So I stood up and shoved the phone into my pocket. I grabbed my keys and then I ran downstairs to the kitchen. I saw Victor still sitting where I had left him.
     “Can I drive to work really quickly?” I asked hopefully. He looked at me with a serious expression on his face.
     “I don’t think you should go to work, Vanessa.” I shook my head.
     “No, I’m not gonna work, I just need to talk to Daniel.” 
     “Can you not call him?”
     “I could but I’d like to go and talk to him in person, if that’s ok with you.” He looked at the clock and then at me. He sighed and nodded.
     “Alright, when are we going?” I shook my head.
     “I can go alone, it won’t take very long.” Victor laughed.
     “Right, I’m just going to let you wander around at night alone.” I stared at him with an angry look in my eyes. 
     “I’m not wandering, I’m going to my work. Plus, I hardly think anyone is going to try and hurt me at a restaurant that is almost always busy.” He chuckled and shook his head.
     “Think what you want, I’m coming with you one way or another.” I crossed my arms, irritated with his insistence on “Watching” me. I stood in silence for a long minute, just staring at Victor. “Vanessa, stop being dramatic and let him go with you.” I thought. “Pff, you’ve never needed him before, why should you need him to escort you around now? Because a kidnapper/murderer is trying to kill you, dipshit.” I looked at Victor and then I decided to be nice to him. 
     “Alright, I’m ready to go whenever you are.” I said as kindly as possible. He smiled at me and stood up. He grabbed his keys and then we walked outside to his car. I offered to drive us in my car but he declined. So we both got into the car and he began to drive to the restaurant. 
     While Victor and I drove, we didn’t speak much. I liked that he wasn’t always talking but then I worried that our not talking would make him feel uncomfortable. The more I worried about that, the more I wondered if it did bother him. So, once we were almost at my work I spoke. 
     “Does it make you uncomfortable when it’s quiet?” I questioned. He threw a quick glance in my direction and then he looked back at the road.
     “I guess it depends on who I’m with.” He admitted. I nodded a little.
     “When you and I don’t talk do you feel uncomfortable?” He shook his head.
     “Not really. When we’re just driving or sitting around and we don’t talk it doesn’t bug me. I like the quiet sometimes.” 
     “Ok, I just wanted to check because I like the quiet too but other people don’t always feel as serene as I do when there is silence.” He smiled.
     “Nah, I figure if you want to talk you will.” He looked at me expectantly. “Right?” I paused for a moment, thinking. I then nodded.
     “I think I mostly say what’s on my mind.” 
     “Well there we have it.” I smiled at him and then I looked down at my lap.
     After a few more minutes of driving we got to my work. Victor parked the car and then we both got out. He was looking around, wary of his surroundings. I’d never seen Victor so anxious before, he seemed helpless in a way I couldn’t describe. When Victor was done looking around, we began to walk into the restaurant where it was safe.
     Victor and I entered the restaurant and I instantly felt secure. I looked around, hoping to find Daniel. Instead of finding him though, I saw Lynette, the lady that had taken over my shift for the night. She was serving one of my tables and heard the front door open. She looked over at us and her eyes widened when she saw me. She politely finished serving the people sitting at the table and then she rushed over to me.
     “Vanessa!” She exclaimed, making a few heads turn. I blushed as she embraced me. Lynette was an older woman, in her mid-thirties. She was a nice lady from what I could tell. I didn’t know her all that well but she was always kind to me. She was the one that had taught me everything when I first started working at Denny’s. Lynette let go of me and then she shook her head with a sad look on her face. “Sweetie, we have all been worried sick about you!” I frowned, sorry to have made them worry.
     “I’m sorry.” I croaked. She shook her head quickly. 
     “No, no, no! Don’t be sorry about a thing, nothing is your fault. I didn’t think I’d be seeing you around here for a while, what are you doing here?” I looked around and then back at her.
     “I’m actually here to talk to Daniel. Is he around?” She nodded.
     “He was hoping to speak with you earlier, I think he called you but I could be wrong.” I nodded.
     “He called, that’s why I came.” She nodded and looked back at Daniel’s office.
     “I think he’s in his office right now, you should go and check.” I nodded.
     “Thanks Lynette. I appreciate you taking over my shift for me.” She nodded and smiled at me in a maternal fashion and then she pat my back and left. When she was gone, Victor and I headed over to Daniel’s office. I stopped in front of the closed door and I knocked. I heard a chair move inside and I assumed Daniel was getting up. A moment later, the door opened and I saw him. He looked genuinely surprised to see me here.
     “Vanessa, when I called, I didn’t mean to make you feel like you had to come.” He frowned. “I’m sorry.” I shook my head. 
     “No, I wanted to come.” He looked puzzled. 
     “To work?” He wondered. I shook my head and looked at my shoes for a second. I then looked back up at him.
     “No, I was just… I just need to…” I stopped talking and sighed. He nodded, understanding what was wrong. 
     “Why don’t you come on in and we can talk.” I nodded and walked into the room. When inside, I looked back at Victor. He nodded at me, knowing that I just needed to talk with Daniel. Daniel, when he knew Victor wasn’t going to come with us, shut the door and he walked over to his desk and sat down. I sat down on a comfortable chair and looked around. The television was on and it was on a news channel that was talking about what had happened earlier. Daniel turned off the TV and then he looked at me. He saw my distressed face and frowned. There was a coffee maker in here that had coffee in it. Daniel looked from the machine to me. 
     “You need some coffee.” He said this as more of a statement rather than a question. I nodded and we both stood up. He shook his head and made a motion with his hands, urging me to sit down. “No, no, no, I’ll get you the coffee, you just tell me what’s going on.” I smiled a little but it quickly faded. 
     “Um, well, I think I should take a few days off of work.” He laughed as he began to pour me a cup of coffee. 
     “You don’t have to tell me twice. I figured you were going to want some time off until all of this is all sorted out. Tell me what’s going on with you, not what’s going on with the whole work situation.” I nodded and exhaled deeply. 
     “I’m scared Daniel and I feel stupid for feeling scared.” He looked puzzled at my comment. He brought me the coffee and then I took it and he sat back down at his desk.
     “Why is that stupid?”
     “Because I’m going to be a lawyer, I shouldn’t be afraid of things like this.” He gave me a look that said he needed a little more explaining to understand. “Ok,” I began again, “I’m really freaking out and I shouldn’t be. I’ve been learning how to deal with hard cases like this and how not to get attached but I’m scared and sad and I love Sarah so I’m freaking out for her.” He frowned at me and shook his head. 
     “Your being scared and attached has nothing to do with your ability to be a lawyer. You’re attached because Sarah’s your friend and you’re scared because she’s missing and you’re in danger. That’s not stupid, that’s reasonable.” I bit my lip and shook my head. 
     “Why did this have to happen?” I asked as if Daniel knew. “Why her? Why me? I just… I just don’t know what to think or how to deal with this.” He looked helpless and I felt bad for making him feel like that. Daniel said nothing so I just continued to rant. “Daniel, I’m so scared for Sarah.” 
     “Being scared isn’t gonna help anything.” 
     “Did you see the news?” I retorted. “Did you see the letter they left?” I shook my head. “There’s no way in hell I can just sit around and not be scared.” I closed my mouth instantly, remembering that Daniel was my boss. I took in a deep breath and I looked at him apologetically. “Daniel, I’m sorry. I’m just really stressed out right now, I shouldn’t have been rude.” He shook his head and got up. 
     “You’re fine.” He walked over to a chair by me and he sat down. “I’m scared too. I’ve known Sarah since she started high school. She was my student and my employee, trust me, I know how you’re feeling.” “Damn, Vanessa, you’re being mean to him and he’s probably more sad about Sarah than you are.” I was being pretty insensitive and I needed to stop. “They’re going to find Sarah.” Daniel promised. I looked at him and nodded a little.
     “I know they’re going to find her but I just don’t know what state she’ll be in when they do and that scares me. The letter they left made it seem like she was dead and if she is…” I took in a deep breath and tried to push the sadness away. When it was under control, I spoke again. “Sarah’s one of my best friends and if she’s dead I don’t know if I can handle it. And what about her parents? They’re probably freaking out and they’re probably mad at me for not stopping her when she ran off on Halloween night.” I shook my head. Daniel sighed and shook his head and both of us sat there for a few minutes before he spoke.
     “I don’t know if they’re going to find her alive or not and I’m not going to make promises to you that she’ll be ok because I really don’t know if that’s the truth. What I will tell you though is that it’s not your fault that she ran away. She shouldn’t have been drinking; if she wouldn’t have been then she would have used her common sense and stayed. It’s not your fault.” I nodded a little and then we were silent.
     I was lost in my thoughts, thinking about everything. I was quiet so Daniel got up and went to his desk. He was working on some stuff while I thought. I was thankful to just sit in the warm, cozy office and just be left to my thoughts. I was also glad that Daniel was here for me when I wanted to speak again. 
     Once ten minutes had past of me just thinking, I finally spoke.
     “Daniel, would it be better if I were just to leave Hanover?” He looked at me with a confused expression on his face. 
     “Leave Hanover? What good would that do?” He asked in a reasonably manner.
     “It would get me away from these men.” He shook his head and looked back down at his paper. 
     “It might keep you safe but what about Sarah? Are you just going to leave while she’s still out there?” I paused. I felt selfish for wanting to leave but I was scared for my safety.
     “What can I do to help that the police can’t do?” He shook his head.
     “I don’t know.” He was quiet for a moment and then he looked back at me. “What about other girls?”
     “What?”
     “If you leave, what’s to say these men won’t go after a different girl?” I froze and thought about that. “Pff, better them than you.” I thought. “Vanessa! Shut up! You really want some other girl to be kidnapped and killed?” I frowned, I didn’t want that.
     “You’re right.” I babbled. “If I leave, it could be a different girl. Plus, I have more security options than others girls have.” Daniel was reading over a paper. 
     “More security options?” He asked as he read.
     “Yeah, like security guards.” He peeked up at me.
     “Courtesy of your mother?” 
     “Pff! Yeah right, she couldn’t care less about any of this. The security guards are from Victor’s uncle.” Daniel looked at the door and then at me.
     “Mr. Malorne’s nephew, Victor, that’s who’s out there, isn’t it?” I nodded. 
     “Yeah, they’re letting me stay at their house while all of this is going on.” Daniel nodded.
     “Good, I was wondering how you were going to work that out.” 
     “Yeah, I’m pretty safe at the house, at least I think I am.” Daniel smiled and nodded.
     “I’d say so.” He stood up and stretched and then he looked at me. “So, now that I know what’s going with you, what are we going to do about this work schedule of yours?” I sighed, not quite sure. 
     “How many sick days do I have?” I wondered. 
     “I believe you have three.” I nodded. 
     “Three days will be fine.”
     “Alright, we’ll start those days tomorrow. Now, if you end up needing more time, I can give it to you, considering the circumstances.” 
     “I think three days will be alright but if I need more time I’ll let you know.” 
     “Alright. So, I will see you here on the tenth.” I nodded. I had three sick days; I’d get off tomorrow and Friday and then I’d have Saturday and Sunday off. My last sick day would be used on Monday and then I’d go back on Tuesday, November 10th.
     “That sounds good. Thank you Daniel, I’m really sorry for the inconvenience.” He chuckled. 
     “Don’t worry about it. I’ve got a few people who will be more than glad to step in for you. You just stay safe alright.” I nodded and then I stood up and Daniel walked over to the office door. He opened it for me and then I exited the room. 
     “Thank you again.” I said as I walked into the restaurant. 
     “Sure thing. If you need anything, I’m here for you.” I nodded and then I looked around; Victor was standing close by, waiting patiently for me. I had been in there for about twenty-five minutes so he was probably bored out of his mind. I walked over to his side and then I waved goodbye to Daniel. 
     Once I was done, Victor and I headed out to the car. It was cold, probably in the tens or low twenties. The sky was moist and there were clouds everywhere; it seemed like perfect snow weather and I figured it would snow tonight or tomorrow. Victor opened my door for me and I got into the car. He then got into the driver’s seat and started the car, turning on the heater. 
     When Victor began to drive, he spoke.
     “What did you two talk about?” He wondered.
     “I just talked to him about Sarah and what was going on and then about work.” 
     “When are you going back to work?” He asked, hoping it was going to be a while. 
     “I start again on the tenth.”
     “That’s Tuesday, right?” I nodded.
     “Are you sure you’re not going to need more time off?” I shook my head.
     “Unfortunately, I can’t afford more time off. Tuesday is fine, it’s like a week away. All of this should be under control in a week.” Victor shook his head in disagreement but he said nothing.
     When we got back to Victor’s house, he parked the car and then we got out. As we walked to the house, I began to see tiny snowflakes falling from the sky. I looked up and smiled. I’d always loved the snow and it filled me with a kind of joy that made all of my worries seem insignificant. Victor looked at me as I stared up at the sky and he smiled. 
     “Here, come with me.” He took my hand and I looked away from the sky and at him. He urged me to follow so we both entered the house. 
     When Victor and I were in the living room, he let go of my hand and ran upstairs to get something. He returned a moment later with two blankets and he took my hand again. I wasn’t quite sure what he was doing but I didn’t want to argue with him. 
     We left the house through the back door and I looked at their yard. There was no fence anywhere so you could probably get into the backyard from the front. It was huge and beautiful. The yard seemed to have no boundaries; it connected to the forest. There was a pool that was built into the ground but it was drained of all of it’s water and covered with a tarp to prevent the Autumn leaves from falling into it. There was a small manmade stream that ran across the yard, starting on top of a small hill and ending by a manmade cliff. The water poured over the cliff and into a small pond and then the water from the pond circulated back up to the starting place. It was beautiful and it sounded amazing, like a creek or stream. There was a small bridge that led over the stream of water and on the other side of the stream there was a circular, wooden gazebo. The gazebo was a dark color wood and it had a bunch of seats inside of it and a fire pit in the center. The fire pit was more like a fireplace; there was a chimney like thing that stuck out of the top of the gazebo so that the flames couldn’t harm the wood. This whole yard was like a picture in a card or a jigsaw puzzle, the kind of picture that doesn’t appear as if anything like it could really exist. I smiled at the yard and looked up at Victor. He half smiled at me and then we began to walk over to the gazebo. We crossed the small bridge and then we sat on one of the benches in the gazebo. Victor took one of the soft blankets and he wrapped it around me. I held onto the sides of it so it wouldn’t fall off and I watched as he grabbed a few pieces of wood from a box and put them into the fireplace. He then situated the wood so that it would burn and he started a fire. He tended to the small flame until it was strong enough to fend for itself. Once that was done, he grabbed a jug of water from another box and a tea kettle. He poured the water into the tea kettle and then he hung it over the fire on a hook that was inside of the fireplace. I watched, fascinated by this. When the water was over the fire, heating up, Victor came and sat close to me. 
     “It’s pretty out here, isn’t it.” He said as he looked around, staring at the trees and the snow that was falling. I nodded.
     “It’s beautiful. You’re lucky to live here.” He laughed and shook his head. 
     “It’s not my house.” 
     “Well, it kind of is.” He sighed and looked at the fire.
     “Do you ever feel like you can’t tell somebody something because you’re afraid they won’t like you or think of you the same if you tell them?” I paused and thought of what he had seen earlier. He had seen some of my scars and I knew that I hadn’t told him about my self-harming because I was afraid he wouldn’t like me the same if I did. I looked at him and nodded. 
     “I do.” I replied softly. He looked from the fire to me. 
     “Me too.” I stared at him, now wondering if he had something he wasn’t telling me because he was afraid I would not like him. 
     “Do you worry that I won’t like you if you talk to me about certain things?” I asked. He was quiet for a long minute, just staring at me. Finally he nodded and looked away.
     “Yeah, I’ve got some stuff.” I frowned and felt a compulsive desire to hold him in my arms. I fought it off and settled for his hand. I took his hand and he looked at me. 
     “I won’t think of you differently if you tell me.” He smiled and leaned back a little.  
     “I highly doubt that.” I frowned, wanting him to tell me his secret. “What about you?” He asked, changing the subject. I shook my head. 
     “We’re talking about you.” 
     “You don’t want to tell me about those scars on your legs?” He persisted. I bit my lip and let go of his hand. I placed my hand in my lap. I didn’t speak so he spoke some more. “Did someone hurt you?” He inquired. I didn’t answer. “Was it your mom? Was it a boyfriend?” I couldn’t help but laugh. 
     “No, no one hurt me.” He sighed and turned to face me a little more. 
     “Then what is it?” I looked at him warily. I’d never really talked to people about this, at least I hadn’t told them why I had done it. Sarah had seen my scars but she knew better than to ask because she’d self-harmed too. I had seen her scars and she had seen mine; we left it at that. Neither one of us really wanted to get into the other’s business. The only other people that knew were Pablo and Daniel. Pablo had caught me in the act of cutting myself and he was the one that helped me stop. I didn’t tell Pablo why I had cut, I didn’t have to. He lived with us and was around my family enough to know that I was hurting so he understood. As for Daniel, he, like Sarah, had seen some of my scars; Daniel had asked about them. I had just told him that I went through a phase as a teenager and he settled with that. With Victor, he had seen them but it was different with him. I hadn’t cared what Sarah and Daniel would think. Pablo, on the other hand, he was like my dad, I loved him; when he found out about my cutting it broke both of our hearts. I didn’t love Sarah and Daniel, not like I did Pablo or even Victor for that matter, so it didn’t bother me to have them know about my problem. But Victor, I… loved him and the thought of him reacting like Pablo had was too much. Pablo had been angry and then sad and then scared and then he tried to help me. If I told Victor about my past, would he be mad or sad or would he not like me anymore? I didn’t want to have him think of me differently but I couldn’t lie to him about the scars he’d already seen. 
     I stared at Victor and then I took the blanket off of myself and set it on my lap. I was wearing a jacket so I took it off and set it on the blanket. I then rolled up my sleeve all the way on my left arm, revealing scars to him. I watched as he looked at them, both curiously and anxiously. I looked at them and then at him.
     “The first thing you have to understand is that my childhood was terrible. My mom was… is a,” I shook my head, “I don’t even have a word to describe how horrible she is. She wouldn’t physically abuse me but mentally and verbally. By the time I turned thirteen I wanted to die because she made me feel like I would never amount to anything and that no one would ever want me. I wanted to run away but this girl I hung out with at school at the time suggested that I try self-harming. She said it would help me cope with the crap my mom was putting me through. She showed me all of her scars and said that she had done it for years. I thought she was stupid for suggesting that so I paid no attention to her. However, the next time my mom hurt me, I remembered what my friend had said so I got a knife and I cut myself. The first time, I really hated it. It hurt and I had done it in a really obvious place. It wasn’t too deep though so it healed up and I couldn’t see the scar after a while. After the first time I cut, I decided that I didn’t like the pain. So I tried to forget about that. I did good for a few months but my mom had finally said something that I couldn’t handle so without really thinking twice about it, I cut myself and that’s when it really started. I understood what my friend had meant about it helping and it did. When I was sad or angry, the physical pain gave me something to focus on instead of the emotional pain I was in. It was almost like I was a balloon filled with as much air as I could possibly take and if any more air went into me I would pop. Cutting myself was like letting air out, it helped. So I continued to cut until the end of my senior year. I only stopped because my family’s butler, Pablo caught me and made me stop. I got better after that though. I’ve learned knew coping methods but it’s hard sometimes. Some days I just want to slip back into my old ways because it was a lot easier then. At the same time though, I don’t want to start again. It was so hard to stop and I just… I made a mess of myself.” I frowned and looked at my arm. I didn’t want to look at Victor because I feared his response. “I didn’t want to tell you because I really like you and I’m so messed up and you’re so… perfect.” I looked down at my lap and then I felt Victor’s arms wrap around me and he scooted closer to me. He held me tight and laid his head on top of mine. I felt him kiss my head and then he spoke, not letting go of me.
     “I’m not perfect.” He said simply. “You don’t have to be afraid that I’ll leave.” He let go and looked at me. I finally looked at his face. 
     “You’re not freaked out?” I wondered. He shook his head.
     “No, I’m not freaked out. I’m just sorry that you had such a bad childhood that it resorted to self-harming.” I watched as his eyes moved back to my arm. “And you’re fine now? Because if you’re not I can…” 
     “I’m fine.” I promised. “I haven’t cut since I was eighteen.” He nodded and hugged me again. 
     “I’m so sorry.” He said quietly. I hugged him back and I exhaled and smiled. “He doesn’t want to leave me.” I thought as a smile formed on my face.
     Victor and I stopped hugging a few moments later and then I rolled down my sleeve and put on my jacket. My arms were freezing and I was kind of shivering. I might have just been shivering because I had been so scared to tell Victor. When my jacket was on, I put the blanket back around myself and then Victor stood up and grabbed a hand towel. He grabbed the handle of the tea kettle with the hand towel and then he poured some of the hot water into a cup. He then poured some hot cocoa mix into the water and he stirred it in. When it was ready, he handed it to me and then he sat down at my side and we watched the snow for a few minutes. As I sipped at my dink, I looked at him.
     “You said that you worry about me not liking you if you told me stuff. What stuff are you referring to?” I questioned. He looked at me and I could see the conflict in his eyes. It was like he wanted to tell me but couldn’t.
     “It’s a little different than your situation.” I frowned and shook my head.
     “I won’t be mad if you tell me.” He chuckled and looked away from me, still not talking. “It can’t be that bad.” I insisted.
     “Do you trust that I’ll tell you when you need to know?” I shook my head.
     “No.” He looked at me, shocked at my answer.
     “No?” I shook my head.
     “I think if you don’t tell me now you’ll never tell me.” He smiled.
     “Why?” 
     “Because you don’t want me to know.” He shook his head.
     “I want to tell you more than anything. It would make my life easier and then I wouldn’t have to hide anything from you.” I tilted my head a little.
     “You don’t have to hide anything now.” He half smiled and looked me in the eyes.
     “I promise I will tell you when you need to know it, but for now, I want you to forget everything about this secret of mine, forget it even exists. All you remember is that you just finished telling me about your self-harming and we’re just sitting here.” I was stuck staring at him and I forgot what we had been talking about and my mind went back to the self-harming topic. 
     Victor and I sat silently on the bench and I was happy that I had told him about myself. Now there were no walls up, I didn’t have to lie to him about anything.
     We sat outside and talked for a while longer until the sunset and it began to snow really hard. Victor put out the fire and then we headed inside where it was safe and warm. Being outside and talking with him had made me forget about everything that was going on. I was sad when I entered the house and recalled everything.
     Standing by the dining table were two large men. I felt a small rush of adrenaline run through my body when they looked back at me but Victor reassuringly rubbed my back. I looked at him and then back at them.
     “Vanessa, this is Eddy and that’s Don, our security guards.” Eddy was 6’ 2” and he had light brown hair and dark brown eyes. He was very large and scary looking. Don was a smaller man in comparison to Eddy but he was equally intimidating. He was 5’ 9” and he had jet black hair and brown eyes. He wasn’t large but he was muscular. The only real thing that was scary about Don was his facial expression. Maybe it was his eyebrows that made him look scary; they were very large and bushy and were shaped in a way that made him look hostile. Despite the looks of these two frightening men, they both smiled at Victor. “Guys, this is Vanessa.” They waved at me and I waved back. Victor looked at me. “If you need anything while you’re here and you can’t find me or my uncle, Eddy and Don are the guys to go to.” I nodded.
     “Are you guys good, can I get you anything?” He offered the two men. They shook their heads.
     “Nah, we’re just getting some dinner.” Victor nodded.
     “Alright, well if you need anything I’ll be here.” They nodded at him and then we walked out of the kitchen and into the living room.
     When Victor and I were in the living room, we stopped and he looked at me. 
     “You should get to bed, you look like you could use the sleep.” Despite having taken a long nap today, I felt more tired than I had in a long time. I nodded and a yawn escaped my mouth. Moments later, Victor yawned too. I giggled and then I kissed him on the cheek. He hugged me and kissed my head.
     “Alright. I’m gonna go to bed.” 
     “Sleep well.” We let go of each other and then I headed upstairs to my room. 
     When I got to my room, I entered and closed the door behind myself. I looked at all of my stuff and decided I wanted to unload it all. So I put my clothes in the dresser and closet and I put my books and stuff on the desk. This room was so nice compared to the dorm room. There was a lot of space, it was refreshing.
     Once all of my stuff was unpacked, I turned off the lights and crawled into bed. I set the alarm on my phone for seven thirty a.m. because I had school tomorrow. When my alarm was set, I closed my eyes and I was asleep.
     I woke early on Thursday morning, November 5th to the sound of my alarm clock ringing. I turned off the alarm and then I blinked open my eyes and looked around. It was seven thirty. The room was silent and there was a white glow coming from the curtain covered window. I smiled and got up, rushing to the window. I opened the curtains and I saw that the ground was covered in snow, maybe six inches of it. I smiled and looked around; it was still snowing a little. As I breathed, the window that my face was close to was fogging up. I closed the curtains and then I instinctively looked to my side; I was checking for Sarah’s bed. I frowned, feeling dumb. I knew I was at Victor’s house so I wasn’t sure why I had checked for Sarah’s bed. I grew even sadder when I remembered why I was here. 
     I left the room after a few minutes of waking up and I headed downstairs. I looked around but didn’t see anyone. I was sure people were here but I didn’t know where. So I went back upstairs and I took a shower. It was kind of cold in the house and I didn’t want to get wet but I had to clean up before school. Once I got into the hot water, I warmed and woke up.
     When I was clean, I turned off the water, got out of the shower, dried off and then I grabbed some clothes from the room and got dressed. Since it was all snowy out, I wore thick jeans, a black long-sleeve shirt and a grey parka I’d owned for many years. I zipped and buttoned up the parka and then I put on a black and grey scarf; the scarf was more for looks than anything. I put on socks and boots. I loved the winter months because of the intense cold. I loved the cold weather and couldn’t get enough of it. Once I was dressed, I brushed and dried my hair and left it down. I then did my makeup and gather up my school stuff and put on some gloves. 
     When I was ready to go, I discovered that class didn’t start for thirty minutes. I frowned and decided to look around for Victor again. I still couldn’t find him but this time I was able to locate Eddy in the kitchen. When I entered the kitchen, he looked at me and smiled. I returned the smile. 
     “Have you seen Victor?” I wondered. He nodded.
     “Mr. Malorne left a little before seven thirty.” 
     “Do you know where he went?” He shook his head. 
     “No, he said he’d be back around eight thirty or nine though.” I frowned. I’d probably be gone by the time he got back.
     “Oh, well if you see him, will you tell him that I went to school?” Eddy nodded.
     “Of course.” I smiled at him.
     “Thank you.” He nodded and then I left the kitchen. I decided that I wanted to leave early in case there was any traffic due to the snow, though I highly doubted there would be. So I grabbed my car keys and I headed out to the car, bag in hand. 
     Then moment I stepped foot outside I felt my face being attacked by the cold wind. It wasn’t super windy but there was a nice breeze. I was glad I had worn my gloves. I walked slowly to the car, snow crunching under my feet. I was trying to be careful so that I wouldn’t slip; I tended to slip when the ground was icy. It felt like the temperature was below ten or in the negatives. When I got to my car, I opened the door and got inside. I wanted to stop for coffee before school. 
     Once I was in my car, I started the engine and turned on the defroster. The windshield was covered in snow and ice so I was trying to get it to melt. When I had turned on the defroster, I popped the trunk and got out of the car. I walked around to the trunk and grabbed out my ice scraper. I then closed the trunk and began to get rid of the snow on the back window, my mirrors and the windshield. When all of the snow was gone, I threw the ice scraper in the backseat and then I got back into the car and turned on the heater. I buckled up and then I began to drive to town. The snow was pretty bad; it was difficult to see the road. If I hadn’t grown up in places where snow was common, I would have just stayed home. But I was used to this so I drove slowly to town and then I stopped and got a coffee. After I got my drink, I headed to the Dartmouth campus. As I drove, I couldn’t stop thinking about Sarah, I had wanted to ask Victor if they had found anything out about her but since I hadn’t seen him, I hadn’t gotten the chance to check. I wanted to just skip class today and go to the police station and check on everything, however, I didn’t do that because I’d already missed one day. I couldn’t miss my classes, after all, that was the only reason I was in Hanover… well, one of them. 
     I parked my car close to my Government class and then I grabbed my bag and coffee and got out and began to walk to the building. As I passed by students, they would talk and occasionally point to show their friends where I was. I knew that they were all talking about me and I hated that feeling, it put me on edge. “They’re all talking about me, is there nothing better for them to talk about?” I thought. “Ha, we’re in Hanover, of course there’s nothing better for them to talk about.” I sighed and quickened my pace, trying to get to my class as fast as possible.
     I strode through the snow only being stopped once by a slippery patch of ice. I slid and almost fell but managed to catch my balance. I instantly began to walk again, trying to avoid the snickers from a group of girls that had witnessed my extreme elegance. I felt angry and I wasn’t sure why. Perhaps it was because people were talking about me or maybe I was just embarrassed because I had nearly fallen in front of those girls, whatever it was, I was mad. The next time I was stopped did not help my mood one bit.
     As I was getting ready to go up the steps to the building, I was stopped by someone.
     “Vanessa.” I looked up and, to my dismay, I saw it was James that had stopped me. As I looked at his ridiculously curly brown hair and brown eyes, the image of the men in the masks came into my head and left faster than a pulse. Instinctively, I took a large step back, distancing myself from him. He wore a confused look on his face. “What’s wrong?” I was in a bad mood and he was the perfect person to take my anger out on. I glared at him and crossed my arms, making sure he had nothing to grab me by.
     “What do you want?” I hissed.
     “I came to check on you, I’ve heard everything on the news about you and Sarah and I had to see if you were ok.” I formed my fingers into a fist and spoke.
     “I’m fine.” He let out a sigh of relief.
     “And Sarah, do you think the police will find her?” The concern in his tone and on his face disappeared and now he was just curious.
I nodded at his question. 
     “Yeah, we’ll find her.” I paused for a moment and then I spoke again, changing the subject. “You know, for someone who is so fond of Sarah, you don’t seem to be too worried about her being missing.” I accused. 
     “Oh, don’t get me wrong, I’m terrified that she’s with those horrible men but she’s already with them, you aren’t.” I glared at him and shook my head in anger.
     “I know it was you.” I blurted out.
     “Pardon?”
     “It was you that took Sarah and you were one of the men that broke into my dorm room.” He laughed.
     “No, I would never wish any harm to come to Sarah.” He sounded so fake to me, so much that it was almost insulting.
     “Where were you on Halloween night?” I interrogated. He rolled his eyes.
     “Please, don’t waste your time questioning me, the cops already did that.” I smiled.
     “Oh good, so they acquiesced to my request to check up on you.” He scowled at me. 
     “Ah, I was wondering to whom I owed the thanks of having to make a trip to the police station. Although, I figured it was you seeing as to the fact that they tried to charge me for battery.”
     “Tried to?” I wondered. He smiled.
     “Ah, yes, you see, I didn’t mean to hurt you, in fact, I was just trying to get your attention. They couldn’t do more than give me a small fine.” He shrugged. “Sorry.” He taunted. I glared at him and shook my head.
     “Just because we couldn’t get you for that, doesn’t mean I’m going to drop this. I know that you were one of the men and I swear, I’ll find a way to prove it.” He shrugged again, not caring.
     “You do whatever you want to do. You won’t find anything on me because I’m not guilty.” I shook my head at him and walked away, beginning to walk up the steps. I walked on the right side of the handrail and James instantly began to walk up the stairs on the left side, following me. “Wait.” He said. I ignored him and kept on walking. “Rumor has it that you’re not staying at the dorms any more. Are the police holding you hostage until this all blows by?” I still didn’t speak but I stopped at the top of the stairs and looked at him.
     “Why on earth would I tell you anything? You’d probably just go and tell the other man everything I said.” His face grew angry and he took a few steps forward so that he was close to me. I hadn’t thought he would try to do anything because there were other students around. However, as he got closer to me, my confidence began to fail and I thought that he would indeed hurt me.
     “I am not one of the…” He was forced to stop his angry rant when the building door opened and a man rushed out, bumping into him.
     “Sorry!” The man exclaimed. Before anyone could do anything, James lost his balance and slipped, falling backwards. I gasped a little as he slid down the stairs, landing on the concrete at the bottom. I cringed as he hit the ground. I would have felt bad for him because it looked like it had hurt but I really didn’t care. I looked to my side at the guy who had bumped into him. I instantly felt my heart stop when I recognized him to be the man from Victor’s party. I couldn’t help but smile because when I looked at him, I felt that feeling enter me, the perfect one. Before I could speak, he winked at me and then he took a few steps back and reentered the building. I frowned as he left and I shook my head. 
     “Wait!” I said as I ran into the building in pursuit of the man. When in the building, I looked around, searching for the man. However, as I searched, I couldn’t find him, he was gone.


























Chapter 12

     
     “Dammit!” I thought as I looked around, hoping to see the guy. “Where’d he go?” I frowned and began to walk to my class, hoping I would see him on the way. “There’s no way he runs that fast… and why would he run away? Well my guess is probably because he just knocked someone down a flight of stairs; he was embarrassed and ran away.” I shook my head at that thought. “No, he winked at me. He meant to knock James over. Why though? Why would he want to knock him over? Did he hear our conversation and think I was right about James being one of the men? No, he couldn’t have heard us… right?” I shook my head, trying to forget about this.
     I entered my classroom and saw my professor sitting at his desk. When he saw me, he stood up and I walked over to him, knowing that I was going to have to explain this whole thing to every single one of my professors.
     I only had about five minutes to talk to my professor but he assured me that we would continue our talk after class. So I sat through class, trying to pay attention but failing badly. I was so caught up with everything else that school seemed silly at the time. I was trying to think of Sarah and the note and the pictures that had been left on her phone; those were the important things right now. Despite my efforts though, I couldn’t stop my mind from wandering to that man. “That was such perfect timing.” I told myself. “If he wouldn’t have done that, who knows what would have happened? Well, James probably would have just talked to you. Pff! He was going to freaking kidnap you if that guy wouldn’t have saved you. Dramatic much? Ugh! Just stop thinking about this… listen to your professor.” I nodded a little and looked at him and scribbled down some notes. That didn’t last long though. “I wonder why he always runs away? Why does he run?” I bit my lip and sighed. “Am I mind cheating on Victor by thinking about this guy? I don’t like him I just… I’m really fascinated with him, that’s all. Victor’s fascinating.” I thought, changing the subject. “He’s very interesting. He didn’t freak out when I told him about my cutting.” I smiled and fiddled with a piece of my hair, running it through my fingers. “He is so gorgeous… why does he like me? He’s probably got nothing wrong with him. I wonder if he has stuff that he doesn’t want to tell me because he’s afraid that I’ll not like him.” I thought hard, trying to recall if he had ever mentioned or hinted at such a thing. “He’s never said anything about secrets. Maybe he doesn’t have any secrets… or maybe he doesn’t trust me.” I frowned. “He’s got to trust me, I mean, I trust him.” I sighed and tried to focus on the professor. For the whole lecture, I was out of it. I wasn’t paying very good attention and neither was anyone else. I noticed that most of the students were glancing back at me from time to time and I knew they were all dying to ask me questions. I was, in a way, glad that the professor wanted to talk to me after class; this would give me an excuse not to talk to anyone. “Maybe I can just tell anyone that tries to talk to me about the case that the police ordered me not to talk to anyone about it.” I nodded. “Oh yeah, that’s a good one.” Once I began thinking about the case, I was looking around at the people in here. “The kidnappers could be anyone.” I looked mostly at the guys in the room. “I don’t really know any of these people. Hmm, he looks like a criminal. Vanessa… Oh, he’s strong enough to kidnap someone. Vanessa!” I scolded myself. “Stop being judgmental and pay attention to your professor.” I nodded and looked at him.
     The class was long and really boring. Finally at eleven, the professor stopped speaking and then everyone got up and headed for the door, some leaving slowly so that they could try and catch up with me and talk. Unfortunately for them, I went straight to the professor and when they saw that I had done so, they left. I smiled and then finished talking to the professor. 
     I finally left my class at eleven twenty and I went outside. It had stopped snowing but was still freezing out. The relentless light grey clouds still covered the sky and I knew this weather was far from over. I walked through the snow, managing not to slip this time. I walked to the bench that I normally sat on and saw that it was covered in snow. I wiped it off and sat down, freezing my butt on the icy bench. I looked around and saw a few of the students making a snowman in the frozen grass. I observed them as they rolled the snow and patted it down. I was relaxed and at peace until someone sat down by my side. Fortunately, it was just Victor so I smiled at him and he smiled back.
     “I didn’t see you this morning.” I said as I watched the people building the snowman.
     “Yeah, I’m sorry. I went down to the police station to check on my uncle.” I nodded and looked back at him. 
     “Have they found anything?” I hoped. He frowned and shook his head.
     “No, nothing about Sarah yet.” I nodded a little and looked down at my lap. 
     “I figured as much.” He put his arm around my shoulder and I scooted closer to him.
     “They brought James in though.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I heard about that. They couldn’t do anything?” 
     “No. They first spoke to him about his grabbing you. He said it was a total accident and that he didn’t mean to hurt you. They were still able to charge him with battery but they could only make him pay a small fine.” I sighed.
     “And about my suspecting him?”
     “Well, they asked him where he was on Halloween night and he said he was at home sleeping. He doesn’t have an alibi but unfortunately not having an alibi isn’t enough to arrest him or even make the police suspicious of him.” I shook my head, angry.
     “I don’t have any evidence that it’s him but I just have this gut feeling.” I looked up at Victor with sincere eyes.
     “Do you think that’s stupid of me?” He shook his head.
     “Not at all.” I half smiled and then looked back over at the snowman. I had a question that was scratching its way out of my mind. I didn’t want to ask it, but at the same time, I did. I finally looked at Victor. 
     “Victor, that guy at your party, the one you were yelling at, who is he? Do you know him?” Victor grew a little tense and I regretted asking him.
     “Um, he’s uh… well, I don’t know him personally.” 
     “Do you know his name?” He shook his head.
     “No, not really.” I nodded a little and let it go. “Ah ha!” I thought. “There’s a secret he has. Why won’t he tell you his name?” I thought this to be odd but I tried not to dwell on it for very long.
     Victor and I sat and talked until twelve thirty. At that time, I decided it was time to eat lunch. Victor insisted on getting me food so I accepted and we went to the store and got a sandwich. I ate once we got back to campus, Victor hadn’t gotten anything. He said that he had eaten at home. I accepted that and ate my sandwich. 
     We hung out until one forty-five, that was fifteen minutes before my last class. So Victor walked me to my class and then he said goodbye and then I talked to this professor about what had happened; he was curious as to what had happened.
     This next class was just as long as the first class had been. I, again, was distracted and took very little away from what was being taught. I just wanted to go home and spend time with Victor.
     When the class was over, I hung out in the room until all of my classmates had left. Once they were gone, I left and went to my car. I started the engine and then I drove to Victor’s house. When I got there, I saw Victor’s car parked in the driveway. I parked by his car and then I walked to the house. When I got to the front door, I knocked and a few seconds later, Don opened the door. I looked at him and nodded politely, he did the same and then I walked into the living room.
     “Victor.” I hollered.
     “In the kitchen.” He yelled back. I smiled and walked into the kitchen. 
     When in the room, I saw both Victor and Arnold sitting at the counter, talking. They both smiled at me and I returned the smile and sat by Victor. 
     “Hey.” He greeted. 
     “Hey.” I said as I looked at Arnold. “Hi Mr. Malorne.” 
     “Arnold, dear.” I nodded.
     “Right. Hi Arnold.”
     “Hello Vanessa.”
     “Have you guys found anything?” He frowned and shook his head. 
     “I’m afraid not. We will though.” I nodded.
     “Can I help with anything?” I hoped. He stared at me for a long moment and then he nodded. 
     “You can actually.” I smiled and awaited my instructions. “If you want to help me, you can figure out what those three pictures mean. I’ve got men searching for Sarah and trying to find the men.”
     “Do you have any men working on the pictures?” I wondered. He nodded.
     “Yes, but we don’t know what they mean. We think the pictures were specifically directed at you. If you want to help us, you’ll figure out what those pictures mean.” 
     “No pressure though.” Victor said as he scowled at his uncle. Arnold nodded. 
     “Right, don’t feel pressured.” I nodded as well and then Arnold grabbed his bag off of the floor and grabbed out three pictures. He then handed them to me and I took them from him. “Those are the pictures, when you get a chance, look them over.” 
     “Alright, I’ll get right on that.” He smiled at me and then I looked at Victor. “I’m gonna go look these over.”
     “Need a hand?” I shrugged. 
     “Sure.” He smiled and then we both got up and I began to walk to the door way. I looked back at Arnold. “Thanks for the pictures Arnold. If I think of anything I’ll tell you.” He nodded. 
     “Very well.” I turned around and then I walked out of the kitchen.
     Victor and I entered the living room and then he sighed. I looked at him.
     “I’m sorry about my uncle, Vanessa. He’s not trying to be rude he’s just…”
     “Serious, he’s just serious, I get it.” He nodded. “Before we start, I’m going to go clean up, it’ll only take a minute.”
     “Alright, just tell me when you want to start.” I nodded and then I took my bag and the pictures upstairs. 
     When I got to my room, I closed the door behind myself and I changed into sweatpants and a t-shirt. I threw my hair up into a ponytail and then I went and cleaned up any makeup that had smeared. When I was decent, I opened my door and then I sat down on the edge of my bed. I picked up the pictures that I had set down on the bed and I began to look them over. A big, red, neon “A”; one Sprite and one Doctor Pepper bottle; a dumpster. “What do these things even have in common?” I asked myself. 
     I stared at the pictures for five minutes before I heard a small knock on the door. I looked up and saw that it was just Victor.
     “Got a little distracted?” He asked with a humorous smile on his face. I blushed and put the pictures down. 
     “A little, sorry.” He shrugged and entered the room. He sat down on the floor by my bed and then I grabbed the pictures and sat by him. I laid them out on the floor and then we both looked at them. After a long minute, I shook my head. “I have no clue how these even relate to one another.” He nodded a little, understanding. He pointed at the picture of the A. 
     “Well, the A is clearly for parched.” I looked at him, puzzled by this.
     “Parched starts with a P.” He nodded.
     ‘Yes, but as you know, A is the second letter in parched and there are two soda bottles in the second picture. Clearly, the kidnapper is saying that he was really thirsty so he went and bought a Dr. Pepper and a Sprite for his buddy and himself and then they drank it all and threw away the bottles.” I chuckled and looked at the pictures.
     “That’s really dumb.” I said. He scowled at me. 
     “Well what do you have?” He asked this more like a dare than a real question. I looked at the pictures and then I looked at Victor.
     “Well, it’s obvious, the A stands for annihilation and the two soda bottles represent me and Sarah. My favorite soda is Dr. Pepper and hers is Sprite. The dumpster represents death.” Victor looked at me with an awestruck gaze upon his face.
     “Wow, that escalated fast.” I laughed and then he gave in and laughed too. “Is that really what you think?” He wondered. I shook my head. 
     “No, that was just the first thing that came to mind.” He looked at me disbelievingly. 
     “The first thing I thought of was soda, that was your first thought?” 
     “Yes, I’m sure that’s not it though.” 
     “And why don’t you think that’s the real thing?” I shrugged.
     “Because that would basically just be the same thing as the letter they left me.”
     “Perhaps one of them left the note and one left the pictures; both of the men wanted to express their plan differently. One expressed themselves through poetry and one through art.” I stared at him for a long moment and then I shook my head. 
     “I don’t think so.” He frowned. 
     “Why don’t you think so? You think James is one of the men and James had a thing for Sarah. It would only make sense that he would leave you a message through something that belonged to Sarah.” I thought about it for a while and then I shook my head.
     “No. I do believe James is one of the men but I don’t think he’s the head honcho.” He tilted his head little. 
     “And why do you think that?”
     “James doesn’t have the qualities that a leader possesses. He seems more passive to me than anything. He needs someone else to be in charge.”
     “Oh so he’s not allowed to write a note or take a few pictures?” Victor asked sarcastically. I shook my head. 
     “No, he’s not. The note was all in first person. The author always says ‘I’, he doesn’t say ‘we’re coming for you’ he says ‘I’m coming for you’ and ‘poor, poor Sarah didn’t like my plan.’ The other man is the dominant one, the head honcho. He wouldn’t let James write the note, that’s his job. He’s the one that wants us to join in on his game.”
     “So James really has no part in this?” I shook my head.
     “No, James is definitely part of this, he probably helped kidnap Sarah and he helped break into my apartment. What I’m saying is that he’s taking orders from the person who wrote the letter. He’s not in charge and isn’t the biggest threat.” Victor stared at me for several moments and then he shook his head.
     “You got all of that from a letter written in first person?” I nodded.
     “Yes, that and seeing the way James acts.”
     “He doesn’t seem very passive to me, he grabbed you, remember.” I nodded.
     “I know he grabbed me but I think he did that because the man in charge wants to take me. James thinks it’s his job to take me and that’s why he grabbed me.” Victor didn’t look convinced.
     “I don’t know about that. You can go with that if you want but I’m going to stick with my soda theory.” I laughed and shook my head.
     Victor and I talked about the picture for another thirty minutes and then I decided that I needed to stop and do homework. Victor stayed and helped me with my work. I’d never really received help for school from anyone besides teachers so I was a little hesitant at first. After a while though, I got used to it. It turned out that Victor was much smarter than I gave him credit for. So we worked on homework until eight and then I ate dinner and we talked about the plans for tomorrow. 
     “You have classes tomorrow, right?” Victor asked as I took a bite of food. I nodded.
     “Yeah, one class.”
     “What time do you have to be there?”
     “The class is from twelve to two.” 
     “Can I drive you to school tomorrow?” I shook my head.
     “No.” He frowned and became frustrated.
     “Why not?” 
     “Because my car works fine, I don’t need a ride.” 
     “But if I don’t drive you there, I can’t pick you up after your class.”
     “Why would you need to pick me up afterward?” I asked curiously.
     “So I can take you out to lunch.” I shook my head. 
     “No, you bought me a sandwich today. How about I take you out to lunch, seeing as to the fact that it’s my turn to do so.” He shook his head. 
     “Let me take you.” He pleaded. I shook my head again. 
     “No, let me take you.” He half smiled and shook his head.
     “I’m letting you stay at my house, the least you can do is let me take you out to eat.” I laughed.
     “No, you’ve got that backwards, I’m staying at your house so I should technically take you out to eat to repay you.” He stared at me with curious eyes for a long minute like he was trying to figure something out.
     “Can I ask you a question?” He finally said. I nodded a little, sensing a topic change.
     “Yeah.” 
     “What’s your plan for the future?” 
     “The future? Like in many years or tomorrow?” I joked. He smiled.
     “In many years.”
     “Well, I’m going to be a lawyer and…” He shook his head, interrupting me.
     “No, not your career, your life plan. Are you going to get married, have kids?” I paused, this was a huge topic change.
     “Um, well I,” I sighed, “I don’t want kids, not at all.” 
     “Why?” He wondered. I shrugged.
     “I’m just not the maternal type. I tried babysitting once and I hated it. I’m not used to taking care of others, especially not kids and kids need to be taken care of. I’m just not interested in it I guess.” He nodded a little.
     “And marriage?” I bit my lip and shook my head.
     “I’ve never thought about getting married and I can’t picture myself doing so.”
     “Why not?” I shrugged.
     “I just think it’s stupid, that’s all.”
     “Why is it stupid?” He persisted.
     “Because it means nothing. A person can get married and they can get unmarried. If marriage meant anything you wouldn’t be able to undo it.” We were both silent for a few minutes and then he spoke.
     “Do you feel that way because of your mom and dad?” I bit my lip and closed my eyes. I didn’t like talking about the feelings I had for my family, and especially not the feelings I had about my dad leaving us.
     “I uh… I’m kind of tired Victor, I think I’m gonna go to bed.” That was enough on that topic. He frowned and nodded.
     “Ok.” He stood up and walked over to the door. When he was in the doorway, he looked back at me. “I’m sorry if I upset you.” I shook my head.
     “No, I’m not upset, I just don’t like talking about my dad all that much.” He nodded.
     “Alright, I won’t bring it up again.” I half smiled at him.
     “Thank you.”
     “I’ll see you in the morning. Don’t forget that I’m driving you to school.” I frowned and reluctantly nodded.
     “Alright.” He smiled and then left my room, closing the door behind himself. 
     When Victor was gone, I sat there, deep in thought. “What happened to being able to talk to him about anything?” I thought. “I can talk about my dad but I don’t want to. Plus, it’s not anything he needs to know. I don’t have to tell Victor every little thing he asks about, only the important, need to know stuff.” I looked at where he had been sitting and bit my lip. “Why’d he ask me those things? Is he going to be one of those weird people that wants to get super serious right away? He doesn’t seem like that type. I’m sure he was just curious how I felt about that, I guess that’s not a bad thing to know right away if it’s important to you. If you date someone for a year and then find out that they don’t want kids and you do then that could cause problems… did I just cause problems? Damn, I hope he doesn’t want kids!” I thought of kids playing in the dirt and having sticky fingers and their gross smells. I shuddered at the thought. “I’m never going to have kids.” I swore to myself. “And marriage,” I shook my head, “I truly hope I’m not the only one in the world that thinks it’s pointless.” 
     I pondered over these things for twenty minutes and then I decided that I better get to bed or else Victor might think I was just saying I wanted to go to bed to get rid of him. So I got up and turned off the light and got in bed. I set the alarm on my phone and then I set my phone on the bedside table. I let out a long yawn and then I snuggled under the blankets and closed my eyes.
     The annoying sound of my phone alarm woke me up at ten a.m. on Friday morning, November 6th. I grabbed my phone and with groggy eyes, shut off the alarm. I set the phone back on the table and tucked my arm back under the warm covers. It was pretty warm in the room but it was warmer under the blankets. I didn’t want to get up even though I had received more than an adequate amount of sleep last night. I thought of all of the things I had to do today and I really didn’t want to do them. “I don’t want to go to school.” I thought. 
     I lied in bed for five minutes before I finally decided to get up. When I placed my bare feet on the ground, the cold flooring sucked up their warmth; this made the thought of getting back into bed even more enticing. I sucked it up though and quickly ran and started a warm shower. Yesterday’s shower had been so nice and warm that I wished to repeat the process again. So I brushed my teeth, took a shower, and then I wrapped a towel around myself and went into the room. I wasn’t sure what the weather was like today so I peeked my head around the curtains and saw that there was still snow on the ground, though it has lost about an inch or so since yesterday. I looked at the sky and saw that it was still grey with snow clouds. I then proceeded to dress in a long-sleeve sweater dress that I owned. I only wore it when the weather was cold because it was really warm. It was just a little above my knees and, like I said, the sleeves were long. There were black, grey and white, horizontal stripes on the dress all varying in width. It had a draped neckline that showed no more than my collarbone. The dress was cute and it would keep most of my body warm. I put on a pair of black leggings and then I put on the same boots that I had worn yesterday. I then went and dried my hair, curled it and put on a lacey, black beret that I owned. I then did my makeup and grabbed my parka and I was ready to take on the day.
     Before I left my room, I gathered up all of the homework from last night and then I put it into my bag and then I took the bag and left the room. I ran down the stairs and then I looked around the living room. There was no one here so I walked into the kitchen, putting my coat and bag on a chair. No one was here either. I kind of hoped that Victor wouldn’t drive me to school. I didn’t want him to have to take me to lunch. Was it not my turn to pay for him? I wanted to pay for him but he was so insistent on paying for me. As I stood there, my stomach growled so I decided to make myself a bowl of cereal. I grabbed some milk, a bowl and then some Captain Crunch and then I fixed myself breakfast. I grabbed a spoon and then I began to eat. Cereal was my go-to breakfast, I loved it.
     When I finished my food, I put away the milk and the box of cereal and then I washed my dishes. I then popped a piece of bread into the toaster and made some honey toast. I ate that and then I washed up the dishes I had used. By the time I was ready to go, it was eleven thirty. I figured with the snow and everything I should leave early. So I grabbed my bag and parka and I began to look for my keys. As much as I wanted to see Victor before I left, and as mad as I knew it would make him, I was going to just go. I didn’t know where he was and I had to go. So I went to grab my keys; they were on a hook by the front door. I walked through the living room and to the front door. I looked at the hook and saw that my keys weren’t there. I frowned and all of a sudden I felt scared. I didn’t know why but I was nervous.
     “Victor.” I called out. I heard some noise upstairs and then there was the sound of him running down the stairs. When Victor entered the living room, I saw that he was wearing blue jeans and a heavy jacket. He didn’t have to try to look nice and here I had spent almost an hour doing my hair, makeup and clothes. “Why can’t it be that easy for me?” I wondered. I shook off my jealousy as Victor smiled at me. 
     “You look very beautiful.” He complimented. I couldn’t help but smile and blush.
     “Thank you.” I stammered. “I uh… I can’t find my keys, do you know…” He reached into his pocket and grabbed out my keys. He handed them to me. 
     “I figured you were going to try and leave without me so I confiscated them.” I scowled at him and then I looked at the door.
     “Are you ready to go?” I asked sharply as I looked back at him. He shrugged.
     “Was I not right?” He inquired, still on the key thing. “You were going to leave.” I exhaled deeply and nodded.
     “Yes, but only because you won’t let me pay for lunch.” He looked very confused. 
     “You know, most people, when offered free stuff, take it.” I crossed my arms.
     “Well you won’t take my offer for free food either.” He stared at me for a minute and then he sighed. 
     “If you really want to pay for lunch, I’ll let you, just this once though.” I smiled and shoved my keys into my purse.
     “Good, then it’s settled. Are you ready to go?” I asked, more kind this time. He nodded and grabbed his keys from his pocket. 
     “Yes ma’am.” He held out his hand. I stared at it for a second and then I gave him my hand. He chuckled and shook his head. “No, hand me your purse.” 
     “Why?” I wondered.
     “So you can put on your coat.” I nodded and gave him my bag. He put it over his shoulder and then he held out his hand again. I stared at him, clueless as to what he was doing.
     “What now?” He smiled. 
     “Can I help you put on your coat?” I shook my head.
     “No, I can do it.” I insisted. He frowned.
     “I’m just trying to be a gentleman.” He said as he lowered his hand. I looked at his face, which was quite sincere. I then handed him my coat and he smiled. He took the coat and held it out for me. I slid my arms into the holes and then I turned around to face him. He then knelt down and zipped up my coat and then he buttoned it. This process didn’t take any less time than it did when I did it by myself, in fact, it probably took a little bit longer. However, I saw that it pleased Victor to do this for me; I didn’t know why it made him happy but I went along with it. When my jacket was on, he then handed me my purse and smiled triumphantly.
     “There!” He exclaimed. I giggled and shook my head.
     “Thank you.”
     “Yeah.” He leaned down slowly and then he, with hesitance, laid his lips on mine. I instantly felt my legs go weak and I put my hands on his shoulders to keep my balance. He pulled away once I put my hands on him. He looked almost pained in a way and I wondered if I had hurt him when I put my hands on his shoulders.
     “I’m sorry.” I said as I put my hands to my side. He closed his eyes tight and then he took in a deep breath and opened his eyes. He smiled at me.
     “Don’t be sorry, you’re fine.” I frowned, wondering what had happened. “Wow, I must be a bad kisser or something. I don’t think kissing him is bad, actually, it’s the complete opposite of bad. Maybe I’m a bad kisser though and he doesn’t like kissing me. He pulled away the first time we kissed and then now…” Victor stood up a little straighter and then he put his hand on my back, urging me to turn around. I did so and then he spoke. 
     “Let’s get going.” I nodded a little and then we exited the house.
     When we went outside, I felt the cold air cover me. It wasn’t as bad as it had been yesterday but it was still cold. By the front door was Eddy, he was covered in thick clothes and he was making a phone call. Victor nodded at him, acknowledging his presence and then Eddy did the same. When we got to the car, Victor opened the door for me and then I got in and buckled up. He closed the door and walked around to the driver’s side. He got in and then he started the car and began to drive. 
     Victor and I drove for five minutes and all during that time, neither one of us said a word. This was a silence that I was not comfortable with. “Look what your crappy kissing has done!” I thought. “Now he doesn’t even want to talk to you.” I frowned and looked at him. He was focused on the road. I hadn’t planned on saying anything but the silence was killing me.
     “Am I a bad kisser?” I blurted out. I threw my hands to my mouth and then I quickly looked away so he couldn’t see my face. 
     “Absolutely not!” He said almost as quickly as I had blurted it out. At that comment I felt confident enough to look at him. He was watching the road but looking at me every few seconds. “Why would you think that?” He asked.
     “Because every time I kiss you, you want to stop.” He looked at me and shook his head.
     “Believe me, the last thing I want to do is stop kissing you.” 
     “Then why do you?” I asked, irritated with him. 
     “I told you before, I don’t want to get carried away.” 
     “With one kiss?” I said almost jokingly. He half smiled and stared at the road.
     “It’s a little more intense for me than just one little kiss.” I looked away from him, sensing that we were getting into an awkward male topic that I didn’t dare discuss with him.
     “Oh…” I mumbled. In the corner of my eye, I saw the corners of his lips form a smile. I looked at him and saw that the smile he wore said that I had no clue what he was talking about. I didn’t dare press on though so I left it at that and moved on to a different topic.
     “So,” I began, “About last night, I’m sorry if I upset you, I didn’t mean to be rude or anything.” He shook his head.
     “Don’t be sorry. I’m the one who should apologize, I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.” I shook my head.
     “You didn’t, I just… I really struggle talking about my dad. Like, I didn’t mind telling you what happened between him and my mom but I don’t get any deeper than that.” He nodded in understanding.
     “That’s fair.” We were quiet for a minute and then, while we were stopped at a light, I spoke.
     “With the questions you had about kids and marriage, I was wondering if I could ask you the same questions?” He nodded. “Ok, do you want kids and do you want to get married?” He stared at the road for a minute and then he glanced over at me.
     “I used to want children.”
     “But not anymore?” He shook his head a little. 
     “Some stuff happened and can’t see myself having kids anymore.” I nodded, wondering what had happened but not asking. “And for marriage, I would very much like to get married someday.” I nodded and then he pulled into the parking lot and parked the car.
     Victor and I got out of the car and then we began to walk through the snow to my classroom. Victor had taken my arm and we were walking with our arms locked. I didn’t slip today, though we did pass the same group of girls I had slipped in front of yesterday. It was horrible of me, but I felt better having Victor with me. He was so handsome and perfect and I knew those girls were just a tad bit envious of me. I didn’t want to boast or anything but I was so caught up in the thought that this gorgeous man was mine that I didn’t think to not be boastful. I wanted them to be jealous of me; no one had ever been jealous of me before so the thought of their envy made me happy. 
     When Victor and I got to the building, he walked me inside and then we walked to my class. When we were outside of the classroom, we stopped walking and Victor let go of my arm. I faced him and then he smiled. 
     “Have a good time in class, alright.” I nodded and then he leaned down and kissed me. I was feeling really good and confident right now so my knees didn’t go weak this time. I awkwardly held my hands at my side as Victor kissed me and I held my eyes shut, savoring the feel of his lips against mine. He didn’t pull away abruptly this time and I felt a little bad; perhaps I had made him feel bad about pulling away and that’s why he didn’t stop this time. I didn’t want him to be uncomfortable but this kiss was better than the one earlier… I was conflicted. Victor, a few wonderful moments later, pulled away from me at a normal speed and then I opened my eyes and smiled at him.
     “I’ll see you at five.” I said. He nodded.
     “Alright, where do you want me to meet you?”
     “Where you parked is fine.” He looked hesitant.
     “Let me come and meet you here.” I shook my head. 
     “I promise I’ll be fine. It’s like a three minute walk and there’s always a bunch of people around. I’ll be fine.” He sighed and nodded.
     “Alright, I’ll be in that parking lot at two.” I nodded and gave him a hug. He hugged me back and kissed my forehead and then we let go of each other and I entered my class.
     When in the classroom, the happy feeling I had felt went away. My professor approached me and began to ask me questions about Sarah and myself. I answered him like I had answered my other professors. Once the class started, the time passed by slowly. Unlike yesterday, I was able to focus on the lecture. I was trying not to think about anything that wasn’t related to school. For the most part it worked. I would occasionally think of the three pictures but I tried to dismiss the thoughts because I knew I would lose focus on the lecture if I didn’t. Mostly, the thing that was distracting me was Victor. Every now and again the professor would say something and it would remind me of Victor and then I would uncontrollably think of him. I would catch myself after a few minutes of daydreaming and snap myself back into paying attention. Once my class was over, I said goodbye to the professor and then I exited the building and began to walk to the parking lot. As I walked, I saw snow falling from the sky in small flakes. The temperature had dropped since earlier and I knew it was going to snow again tonight. I sluggishly made my way through the snow on the ground and when I got to the parking lot, I saw Victor’s car. I walked over to it and he got out as I approached. He smiled at me and I returned the smile. Victor walked to the passenger’s side of the car and opened the door for me. 
     “Thank you.” I muttered as I slid in. He closed the door and I buckled up as he walked around to the driver’s side. He got in and then buckled up and started the car. He instantly began to drive; he must have known where we were going to eat.
     “How was your class?” He asked.
     “I was bored out of my mind.” He chuckled.
     “Well it’s over for a few days. Now you can just take a break.” I nodded, wishing it would be that simple.
     “Where are we going?” I wondered.
     “I felt like Mexican food so we’re going to Aliberto’s.” I scowled at him. I didn’t mind Mexican food, it was good, however, Aliberto’s was cheap. I was paying tonight and I was hoping to have taken him somewhere fancy like where he had taken me. Victor saw my scowl and gave me an innocent look. “What?” 
     “Victor, I’m paying tonight and let’s face it, Aliberto’s is one step above McDonald’s, price wise anyways. I would like to take you somewhere equally fancy as the place you took me.” He shook his head. 
     “One step above McDonald’s, pff! Vanessa, will you please take me there. You want to buy me dinner and that’s fine but I really want to go there.” He looked at me as we were parked at a red light. I knew that he only wanted to go there because it was cheap; he didn’t want me to pay a lot of money. I looked at his pleading face and I realized that it really did bring him joy to pay for me and he really did dislike me paying. I couldn’t understand why he was like this but who was I to argue with him? I sighed in defeat and then I nodded. 
     “Alright, alright, if you want to go there, we can.” He smiled and then looked back at the road.
     “Thank you.” I smiled and shook my head and then he continued to drive.
     When Victor and I got to the restaurant, he parked the car and then we got out. The snow was getting thicker and bigger now and it was coming down a little harder. The clouds covered the whole sky and the sun so it was a little darker than usual. Victor looked up as we walked and smiled. 
     “It looks like we’re going to have a big storm tonight.” He commented. I nodded and looked around. 
     “I hope so, the snow is nice.” He looked at me and smiled.
     “What’s your favorite season?” He asked. 
     “Definitely Winter.”
     “Winter is nice.” 
     “Is that your favorite season?” I inquired. He shook his head.
     ‘No, I like Spring. I like the plants when they begin to come out of their slumber.” I smiled and we entered the restaurant.
     Victor and I walked in and then we were seated. The waiter took our drink orders and then he went to go and get them. While he was gone, we decided on the food we would get. When the waiter came back with our drinks, we ordered the food and then he left with our order. Victor and I talked about the pictures for a while and then we began to watch TV on the television that was hanging from the wall. We couldn’t hear it but we could see that it was talking about the weather. We stared at it and then Victor looked at me.
     “There’s supposed to be a blizzard tonight.” I looked from the screen to him.
     “If there is a blizzard will that slow down the investigation?” Victor frowned and nodded.
     “Unfortunately, yes.” I shook my head and looked away with sad eyes. Victor put his hand on mine and then I looked at him. “They’re going to find her.” He said confidently. I nodded and bit my lip. 
     “I just wish I could be of more use to them. I don’t know if she’s alive or what but if she is, she needs our help.” I shook my head and closed my eyes, sickened by the thought of Sarah being with those men. Victor put his arm around me and then he kissed my head.
     “There’s not a whole lot you can do.” I nodded, knowing this was true.
     After a few minutes of talking about this, the waiter returned with our food and then we ate. Victor and I talked a lot during the meal so we didn’t leave the restaurant until four thirty. When we did leave, we saw that the snow was coming down like crazy and it was sticking to everything. Victor wiped off the windshield and then we both got into the car and he began to drive slowly to the house. I didn’t talk while he drove because it was hard to see; I didn’t want to distract Victor.
     We got home around five and then we went inside where it was nice and warm. Arnold was home and Eddy and Don were on duty guarding and watching the house. Victor talked to Arnold, asking for an update, sadly, Arnold had none. They were questioning certain people about Sarah but they didn’t have a lot of leads to go off of. While Victor and Arnold talked, I went upstairs and changed into pajamas. I threw my hair up into a bun and then I unloaded my bag. I had gotten some new homework so I put it all on the desk and then I put the bag by my bed. I then grabbed my phone and checked for any texts or calls. I had none so I set the phone by my bed and then I went downstairs.
     Victor and I sat on the couch and turned on the TV. We watched a movie for about an hour and then Arnold came and sat in a chair beside the couch we were sitting on. We were all silent for a few minutes until Arnold spoke.
     “Can I get you anything Vanessa? We have some Dr. Pepper, if you’d like some.” I nodded after a second of thought. I was a little thirsty.
     “Yeah, I’ll take a Dr. Pepper. I can get it though.”
     “Nonsense, I don’t mind getting it for you.” I figured this would go on for a while if I kept insisting on my getting it so I just let him get it for me. He got up and left the room only to come back a minute later with a bottle of Dr. Pepper. I thanked him and then I opened it and took a sip. As I drank, Victor and his uncle spoke.
     “So,” Arnold began, “Where’d you guys take off to today?” 
     “Vanessa had school and then after that we went to Aliberto’s to get lunch.” He nodded and they continued to talk about the restaurant. As they spoke, my eyes moved down to the Dr. Pepper bottle and I began to think. “I always get Dr. Pepper when I go out.” I thought about Sarah. “Sarah always gets Sprite.” I thought about Aliberto’s and its neon sign flashed through my mind. I pictured the ‘A’ and then I connected it to the sign. I then thought of our drinks. “Sprite and Dr. Pepper… I went to Aliberto’s the first day I was in Hanover with Sarah. I got a Dr. Pepper and she got a Sprite.” At these thoughts, the pictures and what they meant clicked in my mind and I knew what the three pictures meant.
















Chapter 13 

     I stood up quickly and dropped my soda bottle onto the floor. Victor looked at me along with Arnold and I looked at them, eyes wide.
     “I know what the pictures mean!” I exclaimed. Arnold sat up a little straighter and looked at me seriously.
     “You do?” I nodded and looked at Victor.
     “Aliberto’s, their restaurant has the large neon ‘A’, it looks just like the one in the pictures. And the sodas, I always get Dr. Pepper and Sarah always gets Sprite.” Both Victor and his uncle looked confused.
     “And what does that mean?” Arnold questioned.
     “On my first day in Hanover, Sarah and I went to Aliberto’s to get some lunch. She got a Sprite and I got a Dr. Pepper.” 
     “What does the dumpster symbolize though?” Victor asked. I paused and thought about it. “Sarah and I didn’t throw our drinks away, the waiter took them and probably dumped them down the drain. What does the dumpster mean? Did the killers dump Sarah’s body in the dumpster behind the restaurant?” I thought. I looked at Arnold.
     “I’m not sure what the dumpster means, maybe they dumped her body in the dumpster behind the restaurant.” I hated that thought but it was a possibility. Arnold didn’t look convinced. 
     “Vanessa, I think that’s kind of a leap, people would have noticed her body in there.”
     “Still uncle, it’s the first lead you guys have had.” Victor pointed out. “You should check it out.” Arnold thought about it for a moment and then he nodded and stood up. 
     “Alright, I’ll go down to the station and get Josh and I’ll have him check it out.” I nodded, grateful and then Arnold exited the house. 
     When Arnold was gone, I looked at Victor and he half smiled at me. I tried to return the smile but I couldn’t force myself to smile.
     “Are you ok?” Victor asked. I shook my head.
     “No, I really think the pictures relate to that restaurant. I’m not going to be able to sleep or think straight until I figure this out.” He frowned and looked at the door. He then looked back at me.
     “We’ll be some of the first to know if they find anything.” I nodded, knowing he was right. 
     “Can we go with them?” I questioned. He shook his head.
     “Absolutely not!” He exclaimed. “If they find anything then you don’t need to be there to see it.” I crossed my arms and frowned, knowing that he was going to say no.
     “Fine, then I’ll just sit here and torture myself waiting.” He nodded.
     “That is exactly what you will do.” I scowled at him, picked up my soda bottle and sat on the opposite side of the couch, trying to punish him by not sitting next to him.
     Victor and I sat in silence for an hour just watching the television. He was watching it, his phone in hand, waiting for Arnold to call him. I on the other hand was thinking about the pictures. I knew that the neon letter and the sodas were related to the Mexican restaurant but I didn’t know what the dumpster meant. “If they don’t find anything in the dumpster what am I supposed to tell them then?” I thought. “And the sodas and restaurant… how does the killer know what sodas we got?” I thought back to the day we went to get food there. “The killers had to be there, at least one of them had to be there that day.” I thought really hard and I realized that James had been there that day. “James was at the restaurant that day, I remember because Sarah and Daniel were telling me about him. Could he have known what drink we had gotten?” I nodded to myself. “He’s a creeper, I’m sure he had been listening in on our conversation; he probably overheard our drink orders.” I nodded to myself again. “If the pictures are related to the restaurant like I think they are then there’s no doubt that James is one of the killers, he has to be. Let’s assume that James is the one that set up the picture thing, what does he mean with the dumpster picture?” I sat there for a moment and then I thought of the letter that was left on my bed. “Now dear Sarah is nothing but rubble… rubble is like broken buildings and crushed stones… that’s garbage. I’m sure the restaurant doesn’t have rubble in their dumpster, and if they did, it would all be taken to the dump.” I froze. “The dump. The dump is where rubble would go, right? If, hypothetically, Sarah was dead, they wouldn’t dump her body in a dumpster, they’d dump her somewhere where we’d have to look. If she’s not in the dumpster she’s got to be at a dump. But which one is she at? Do we even have multiple dumps here?” I thought about it for a second. “The pictures relate to the restaurant so it only makes sense that the third picture, the one with the dumpster relates to the restaurant. Dumpster trash is taken to a dump. What dump is the trash from Aliberto’s taken to?” I asked myself. I then snapped out of my thought process and I looked at Victor, ready to break our silence. 
     “Can you find out what dump all of the trash from Aliberto’s restaurant goes to?” I hoped. He looked at me and then he nodded. 
     “I’ll call my uncle and have him look it up, why?”
     “I think the third picture is referring to the dump that all of the trash from the restaurant goes to.” He stared at me for a long second and then he nodded and began to dial his uncle. 
     “Let me call him.” I nodded and watched as he held the phone up to his ear. It rang and rang but no one picked up. Finally, he removed the phone from his ear and then he dialed a different number. This one rang as well and still, no one picked up. He hung up the phone and then he looked at me hesitantly. “Are you positive that that’s what the picture means?” I nodded.
     “I’m sure of it.” He sighed and stood up.
     “Well my uncle isn’t picking up and neither is Josh so if you’re positive about this, we can just run down to the station really quick and have somebody find out for us what dump the trash goes to.” I smiled and hopped up.
     “Ok, I’ll be right back.” I ran upstairs and to my room. I closed and locked my bedroom door behind myself and then I quickly got dressed in jeans, a long sleeve shirt and a heavy jacket. It was about seven thirty and I was sure it would be cold outside. I put on some snow boots and then I put my hair up in a ponytail. When I was dressed, I left my room and ran back downstairs. Victor was holding his phone to his ear trying to call his uncle again no doubt. I walked up to his side and then after a moment, he hung up the phone and shoved it into his pocket. 
     “Are you ready to go?” I nodded and then he grabbed his keys. We then exited the house and went outside. When we got outside, a small part of me wanted to reenter the house because it was so cold out here. The snow was still coming down and the ground was covered in it. I looked at Victor, wondering if he would be able to drive in this. He looked around and then he looked at me. 
     “Can you drive in this?” I wondered. He nodded.
     “Yeah, we’ll be fine.” So we both began to walk to his car. The snow was maybe six inches deep. I watched as my feet sank into the cold white stuff, leaving behind footprints as I walked. When we got to the car, Victor opened the door for me and then I got in and he closed the door. He then went to his side and got in. He started the car and turned on the heater and then we began to drive slowly down the driveway. You couldn’t see the tire marks that Arnold’s car had made because the snow had covered them. Once we got to the main road though, it appeared as if a snowplow had come through and cleared the roads off. Victor smiled at this and then he began to drive to the police station. I looked at the snow on the ground and then I watched as it fell from the sky. “There’s no way they can find Sarah in this if she’s at that dump. I’m sure everything is covered in snow there. I shook my head and stared out the window as we drove in silence. 
     After a little while had passed, Victor and I arrived at the police station. Victor parked the car and looked around for Arnold’s car; it was here. We both got out of the car and the cold air replaced all of my warmth with shivers. I felt a small shiver run through my body but I shook it off and began to walk to the station with Victor.
     We enter the building and then Victor began to walk to his uncle’s office. I walked by his side and looked around. There weren’t a lot of people here anymore, just a few officers here and there walking around with papers in their hands. When we got to Arnold’s office, Victor knocked on the door and we waited. No one answered so Victor tried to open the door; it was locked. We both frowned and then a lady police officer stopped behind us.
     “Can I help you two?” She asked. We both turned around and she saw that it was me and Victor. She smiled at us. “Victor, are you looking for your uncle?” He nodded.
     “Yeah, I was trying to get a hold of him but he wasn’t answering his phone. Do you have any clue where he is?” She nodded.
     “He and Josh went to check out a lead they got on Sarah Ellen’s case. He said they were going to a restaurant or something of the sort.” Victor nodded.
     “Aliberto’s.” The woman nodded as well.
     “That’s right. Do you want to wait here for him to come back?” Victor shook his head. 
     “No, I have some information on the lead that they’re pursuing that I need to tell him.” 
     “Oh well tell it to us and we’ll radio him for you.” Victor shook his head a little. 
     “I think he might need to hear it from Vanessa.” The woman nodded courtly.
     “Well they didn’t leave here too long ago, you can catch up with them I’m sure.” Victor nodded.
     “Good, thank you.” She smiled at him. “If it’s not too much trouble, could I have you do something for me?” She nodded.
     “Of course, what can I do for you?”
     “Can you find out what dump all of the trash from Aliberto’s restaurant goes to?” She nodded. 
     “I can do that for you really quick if you would like.” He nodded. 
     “If you would, that would be wonderful.” She smiled and nodded.
     “You two stay right here and I’ll go write it down for you.” He returned the smile.
     “Thank you so much.” She nodded and then turned around and headed to her desk. 
     Victor and I sat on a bench for five minutes awaiting the information we needed. When we saw the officer returning, we both rose and then she handed Victor some paper with the name of the dump written on it and the address. He thanked her and then we began to head back out to the car. When we got to the car, we got inside and then Victor began to drive to the restaurant for the second time today. It was snowing really hard outside and you could hear the wind howling. Victor shook his head.
     “This storm really couldn’t have picked a worse time to come.” I nodded and looked back out of my window.
     “Maybe it’ll stop soon.” I murmured. He cast a disbelieving look at me and then we were silent.
     When Victor and I got to the restaurant, he parked the car by the police car that was in the lot. We looked in the car and saw Arnold and Josh sitting in it. They looked over and saw Victor and I and then we all got out of our cars. Arnold walked over to Victor and I stood by his side. 
     “What are you doing here Vick?” He almost yelled because the wind was so loud.
     “Vanessa knows what the picture means.” Arnold shook his head.
     “There’s nothing there Vick, we checked.” I shook my head.
     “No, it’s somewhere else.” 
     “Are you positive this time?” Josh asked as he shoved his hands deep into his pockets. I nodded.
     “I am.” I explained to them my logic on the whole dump thing and after I was done talking, they agreed. I hesitated to mention anything about James being at the restaurant the first time I was there. I just told them where I thought Sarah would be. Also, Victor gave them the dump’s name and address. Once they knew what was going on, Josh began to speak.
     “Well if we wait until tomorrow to start a search, chief, the whole ground will be covered in snow and the snow will get hard and icy. If we’re gonna search, we need to do it tonight before the ground freezes.” Arnold nodded and then he looked around at the gathering snow. 
     “You’re right.” He looked back at Josh. “Josh, go back to the station and gather together as many units as possible, the dump is big so we’re gonna need as much help as we can get. Get some dogs in here with some of Sarah’s stuff so they can try and sniff her out.”
     “Alright, are you going to come back with me chief?” Arnold shook his head.
     “No, I’m gonna go with Victor and call some people so we can get a perimeter set. Do me a favor and take Vanessa with you, Victor’s car can’t hold three people.” Josh nodded. 
     “Alright chief, I’ll take her back to the station and meet you at the dump.” Arnold nodded but I shook my head in protest.
     “No!” I shouted. “I’m not going to just sit around at the station, I want to come and help.” Victor shook his head. 
     “I’ll call you if we find anything.” He promised. I glared at him and then I looked at Arnold. 
     “What, you’re going to let him help search?” Arnold looked from me to Victor and then back to me. He nodded.
     “We need all the help we can get.” 
     “I can help!” I argued.
     “No, you can get in our way, or get kidnapped, or lost.” Arnold insisted. He looked at Josh. “Make sure she stays at the station, alright.” Josh nodded. I scowled at all of them and then I shook my head and walked around to the passenger’s side of the police car. I got in and slammed the door behind myself, furious with Victor and his uncle. After a long moment of my sulking, Josh got into the police car and turned on the engine. He fixed the heater so that it was on high and then he began to drive away. I looked out of the window and shook my head as I watched Victor and Arnold get into the car and begin to drive in the opposite direction of us. When Victor’s car was out of sight, I folded my arms and then I looked out of the windshield. Josh looked at me and began to speak.
     “Chief told me to drop you off at the station but I can take you home if you’d prefer.” I shook my head a little.
     “Thank you, but I’d like to be at the police station so I can know right away if they find anything.” He nodded and then continued to drive.
     We had to drive slowly because the road was covered in snow again. I felt bad for the person that had to drive the snowplow; he was probably very busy keeping the roads clear. When we finally got to the police station, Josh parked the car and then we got out and headed inside. Right when we entered the building, Josh was busy giving people orders and telling them what was going on. He made me go and sit in his office until further notice. So I sat silently for fifteen minutes. I heard chattering coming from outside and then it got a little more quiet. I wondered what was going on but I didn’t want to disobey Josh and leave.
     Around nine fifteen, Josh entered his office and then he looked at me. 
     “Vanessa, let me give you a ride home.” He said. I frowned and shook my head.
     “No, please let me stay here. I won’t stay in your office, I’ll go to the hall or something.” He shook his head.
     “It’s not that, most of our officers are coming with us to the junkyard so there’s not going to be a lot of people here, just maybe one or two officers. Victor and his uncle feel it will be safer for you at the house with the security team.” I exhaled deeply and shook my head, giving up.
     “Alright.” He smiled gratefully at me and then we both left the office and went out to his car. We got in and then Josh began to drive to the house.
     When we got to the house, Josh parked the car and then we both got out. He walked me up to the front door and knocked. After a moment passed, the door was opened by Don. He smiled at us and then I walked inside.
     “I’m just dropping off Vanessa. Is everything good here?” Don nodded.
     “Yes sir, Eddy is just eating some dinner now and then we’ll be back on it.” Josh nodded.
     “You guys stay inside so you don’t freeze to death.” Don chuckled and nodded.
     “Will do.” They both nodded at each other and then Don shut the door and locked it. I shook my head, upset that I wasn’t allowed to help look for Sarah. I then paused and thought of the name of the dump. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and Googled the name. The address then popped up and I entered it into the GPS on my phone. As my phone loaded, I got my keys and my wallet and then I went outside and ran to my car. It was snowing so hard now that I couldn’t see the ground. “Just stay here, Vanessa. Victor will tell you when they find something.” Despite my better judgment telling me to stay here, I got into my car and started it. I buckled up and then I began to slowly drive to the road. When I got onto the real road, it became a little bit easier to see the road, though it still was a challenge. I just drove slowly and carefully and listened to the GPS’s instructions. 
     Around ten p.m., I arrived at the dump. There were police lights set up and there was a perimeter line set and police officers were running around frantically. I parked my car by Victor’s and then I got out. The wind was blowing and the snow that was falling was thick. I pulled my hood up over my head and ears and then I shoved my hands into my pocket and began to walk to the perimeter line. As I approached the tape, a police officer approached me. 
     “Ma’am, you’re not allowed to pass this line.” He said loudly, trying to speak louder than the wind was screaming. I pulled my hands out of my pocket and then I removed the hood from my face.
     “I’m sorry, my name is Vanessa Howell.” The man stood up a little straighter when he saw who I was.
     “Can I help you?” He wondered. I nodded. 
     “Yes, I have something to tell the chief’s nephew, it’s important to the case.”
     “You’re not allowed to come in here right now, I’m sorry.” I shook my head.
     “It’s ok, I know that you guys are busy. Could you do me a favor though and find Victor, the chief’s nephew, and bring him to me. I’m sorry but it’s really important.” The man stared at my pleading face for a second and then he nodded.
     “Alright, stay here, I’ll call him in.” I nodded and the man pulled out his radio and called for Victor, telling him to come to the front. Once he did this, the officer stood with me until Victor came walking over to us. Once Victor was here, the officer left us alone. I looked up at Victor’s face and I could tell that he was angry with me.
     “What the hell are you doing here?” He said loudly. I crossed my arms angrily.
     “What the hell are you doing here?” I retorted. 
     “I’m helping my uncle try and find Sarah. You on the other hand should be at home where you won’t get frostbite.” I frowned and realized that he just wanted to protect me. 
     “You should be at home too where you won’t get frostbite.” He shook his head and half smiled for half a moment. He put his hand under the tape and lifted it up. I ducked under it and then I wrapped my arms around his icy jacket. I was shivering from just having stood out here for a few minutes, I couldn’t even imagine how cold he must have been. He wrapped his arms around me and then we let go of each other. “Have you guys found anything?” I hoped. He shook his head.
     “No, not yet. I , promise, Vanessa, you’ll know when we find something. Please though, go home where it’s warm.” I shook my head.
     “I’m not going home unless you go home.” He shrugged. 
     “Fine, let’s go.” He took a step passed me but I grabbed his arm and shook my head.
     “Wait, wait, wait!” I exclaimed, not thinking that he was going to give in. “Please Victor, let me help.”      
     “Vanessa, you’re not allowed to go out and look.”
     “Why not?”
     “Because we don’t want you to be the one to find Sarah’s body.” I paused, realizing that that was what we were going to find if we found anything. I frowned and felt disheartened. I no longer wanted to search for her because Victor was right, I didn’t want to be the one that found her body. I felt like crying but I held it back and took in a deep breath.
     “If you won’t let me help search for her, what can I do?” He frowned and looked over at the police RV that was parked by the fence. He then looked back at me.
     “If you really want to help, Vanessa, go to the RV and make hot coffee, tea, and hot chocolate for the officers that come back and are freezing. It’s warm in there and that’s where they’re gonna go to warm up. Will you do that?” I nodded and then he nodded too. “Alright, I’m going to go help search again. Please stay here and take care of the officers, make sure they get warm.” I nodded and then he leaned down and laid his frozen lips on mine. I closed my eyes and then he pulled away. I opened my eyes and saw that he was walking away. 
     When Victor was out of sight, I ran over to the RV and entered it. There were a few officers inside whose faces were as pale as the snow outside. I smiled kindly at them and I walked over to them.
     “Can I get you guys any hot coffee or tea or cocoa?” They both nodded.
     “Coffee.” One muttered through chattering teeth. 
     “Same here.” The other one requested. So I nodded and began to make a pot of coffee. As the coffee was brewing, I took their jackets and gloves and other items and I ran a hairdryer over them, drying and warming them. By the time the coffee was made, I was done warming their clothes so I returned them to them. The officers put them on and then I poured them their coffee and they drank it up. After about twenty minutes, the officers were warmed up and they were ready to go back out. Once they left, three more officers came in freezing. I had them sit down and basically repeated the cycle of what I had done with the previous officers. This cycle went on for two hours before people stopped pouring into the RV. When I got a free moment, I put on my gloves and hood and exited the RV. I walked down the step and then I looked around; there were a few officers but most everyone was gone. The snow was at least ten inches deep now and I knew there was probably no chance to find Sarah in this weather. I saw a few officers approaching with some dogs and then we all entered the RV and I began to warm up the police and the dogs. 
     After twenty-five minutes, the officers and their dogs were ready to go back out. I walked out with them and heard someone yelling. I quickly looked up at the man that was running over to us. He looked both relieved and freaked out. The officers and I tried to hear what the man was saying but the wind was so loud that we were unable to hear him until he got closer to us.
     “They found the girl!” He screamed. I felt my mouth drop open and I, without thinking, began to run in the direction the man had come from. “Sarah!” I thought, hoping that she was maybe alive. “The man didn’t say she was dead, he just said that they found her!” I hoped with my whole heart that they had found her alive. 
     As I ran away from the RV and the police lights, it became clear to me that I was going to get lost if I continued on in the dark. There were no lights around me and all I could see was the white snow falling from the sky. I looked around and then I squinted and saw the faintest light in the distance. I decided to run to it. So I ran over garbage and around trash piles until I got to the light source. On the ground was a large police light that was shining into a specific area. I saw a bunch of police officers all standing in a circle, observing something. In the crowd of people, I saw Victor whose face looked blank and empty of emotions. I hastily ran up to the circle of people and I made my way through the crowd. I shoved my way passed one last person and then I heard Victor shout at me.
     “Vanessa, stop!” He warned. I heard his warning one second too late though. Once I had made my way passed the last officer, I froze at the sight I saw. There was a pale, naked, unrecognizable body on the ground. I looked at it and knew that it was Sarah.
My mouth fell open at the sight. Her hair was matted and there were places that it appeared to have been torn out of her scalp. Her face was swollen and bruised like she had been hit. All along her arms and legs and torso were long gashes in her skin. I looked at her wrists and saw that there was a cut that started from the top of her wrist and worked its way down her forearm; her wrists had been slit. Bruises covered her body and it looked like her skin was frozen from the ice. I hadn’t stared at her body for long because the moment I shoved my way through the crowd, Arnold and Victor were yelling at people to get me away. I felt a hand grab my shoulder and pull me back and then people stood in front of me, blocking my view of Sarah. I shook my head and pushed the officer’s hand off of my shoulder.
     “No!” I screamed. “No, no, no!” I tried to move my way passed the officers because I had to see her face again. “She can’t be… no, this has to be someone else, it can’t be her.” I thought. I shook my head and screamed again. “No!” I felt another hand touch my shoulder and I turned around to shove them away from me. I saw it was Victor and I looked at his face. He looked heartbroken and then I lost it. “She’s dead!” I cried. I felt a tear fall from my eye and then I uncontrollably began to wail. “Oh my gosh, she’s dead!” I felt like gravity was pulling me down to the ground with my tears and I began to fall. Victor wrapped his arm around me and then he put his other arm under my knees and he lifted me up. I felt like I couldn’t move my arms but I managed to wrap them around his neck. I tucked my face into his neck and I sobbed. I hadn’t cried in years so this cry was awful. I felt like my face was melting and then freezing. I hated this feeling. I couldn’t stop it though, my heart was aching and I couldn’t get the image of Sarah’s dead body out of my head. 
     As I cried, Victor walked through the darkness, seemingly knowing where he was going. I felt my tears pour down my face and onto his neck. After a few minutes of walking, I saw the light from around the RV and I knew where we were. I felt myself begin to cry harder as I thought more about Sarah. Victor walked over to the RV and he opened the door with his foot and we walked inside. I felt the warm air begin to defrost my icy skin and then Victor sat down on the edge of a bed. When he was sitting down, he slid me around so that I was sitting in his lap, hugging his neck. He wrapped his arms around me and laid his head on mine and began to rock back and forth. I cried and cried for what felt like hours, not even speaking. He didn’t speak either, he just held on to me and rocked me.
     After some time had passed of my crying, I began to hear people outside. I had managed to bring the tears down to a sob but I was nowhere near done with crying. We sat in the RV until someone came in and looked over at us. I recognized the person to be Arnold.
     “Vick,” he whispered. Victor looked over at him. “Get Vanessa home, ok. We’re going to take care of everything here but she needs to go home.” Victor nodded, agreeing and I felt the tears begin again. Victor moved his arms back into position to pick me up and then he stood up and carried me out of the RV and to his car. I was holding onto his neck so he moved the arm that wasn’t under my legs and he grabbed his keys. He unlocked the car and then he opened the door. He then leaned into the car and set me in the seat. He buckled me up and then closed the door and walked over to the driver’s side of the car. He got in and then he started his car and began to drive. As we drove, I didn’t pay attention to anything besides the pain I was feeling inside. I couldn’t even describe how much the sight of Sarah had hurt me. I didn’t know if I felt like I was dying inside merely because of Sarah or because my emotional wall had come down and I was finally feeling everything. Whatever it was, it made me feel like I was dying.
     Victor and I drove back to the house and I cried the whole way there, not stopping once. I felt the tears escape my eyes and run down my face. I watched as the tears hit my lap and when I saw this I just began to cry harder.
     Victor and I finally got to his house around one a.m. He parked the car in the driveway and then he got out and came to my side of the car. He opened the door and then I unbuckled and tried to step out; my muscles weren’t working right so it was very hard to get out of the car. Luckily for me, Victor just picked me up again and he walked me over to the house. He knocked on the door with his free hand and a minute later Eddy opened the door. Eddy looked at us, freaked out.
     “Is she ok?” He asked Victor as we walked inside. Victor shook his head.
     “We’ll talk later Ed.” He nodded and then locked the door behind us. Victor instantly walked to the stairs and we headed to my room. 
     When Victor and I were upstairs, he walked into my room and then we walked through the dark room to the bed. He sat down on the edge of the bed and set me down. I let go of his neck and I curled up into a ball and cried some more. I couldn’t see Victor’s face, it was too dark in the room, that and my eyes were closed. Despite not being able to see his face, I knew that he was frowning at me, feeling terrible. This knowledge made me wail harder. I felt Victor slide his feet up onto the bed and he leaned his back up against the headrest. I held my arms close to my chest and tried to hug myself. I couldn’t do it tight enough to give me comfort without feeling like I was going to dislocate my shoulders. I wanted to ask Victor to hold me so that I could feel that comfort that I needed right now, however, I couldn’t picture asking him to hold me without sounding completely corny so I refrained from asking him. Instead, I just hugged myself, hurting my shoulders. 
     After a few minutes of my laying here and Victor sitting by my side, he moved his hand to me and began to gently stroke my hair. I sobbed a little and then I opened my heavy, tearstained eyes and looked at him.
     “I… I’m sorry.” I mumbled. He frowned and shook his head. I couldn’t see very well. The only light in here was the light from the hallway, perhaps that is why I saw his eyes as a different color. Usually, Victor had light blue eyes, but not now. As I looked at him, I could swear that his eyes were silver. Silver wasn’t too different than light blue so maybe I was just seeing the color wrong in the lighting. 
     “I’m so sorry.” He whispered. “You shouldn’t have seen that, I should have taken you home right when you got there.” I felt a sob escape my mouth and a few tears streamed from my eyes as I shook my head. I wasn’t sure if I could talk without sobbing but I tried anyway.
     “You told me to stay at the RV and I went… outside and there was a police officer yelling that they found… her.” A few tears rolled from my eyes and I wiped them away. “I thought that maybe she was alive… because he said they found her… not that they found her dead.” I squeezed my arms around myself tighter and then I dug my face into the mattress, trying to stop the tears from falling out. I wasn’t in this position for too long because Victor put his hands under my arms and pulled me up to his lap. I situated myself in his lap so that I wasn’t hurting him but wasn’t uncomfortable. My arms were still wrapped around my chest but he wrapped his arms around mine and held me tight. I was able to release my hold when he did this. I wrapped my arms around him and then I laid my head on his chest and felt a few tears soak into his shirt.
     We sat there for a while before my crying died down a little. I then decided to apologize to him for my behavior. 
     “I’m sorry, Victor, I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I haven’t cried in years and I can’t stop.” He shook his head and kissed the top of my hair.
     “Shh, it’s ok. You just have a lot of tears bundled up.” I sobbed and thought about it for a second. “I have a lot of years of tears bundled up. That’s why I’m crying so much.” I looked up at Victor and I spoke.
     “I hate the thought of marriage because of my parents.” I admitted. “My mom left my dad and he’s never come back for me or my sister. I hate him and my mom. And I don’t want kids, not only because I’m bad with them, but I just don’t want them to hate me. I fear that if I had a kid they would hate me like I hate my mom and I can’t stand that thought.” I felt a tear run down my cheek and splash onto Victor’s shirt. I shook my head. “I hate my mom, Victor, I shouldn’t but I do.” And with that sentence, I began to reveal to him the strands of things that made the thick rope called “My life.” I told him about my mom, about my sister, about my dad, about my childhood. Everything that I had kept bundled up inside for so long had finally worked its way to the surface. These things cried out and begged for the attention of someone. I had ignored their cries for too long and they, in return for my maltreatment of them, had broken a part of me that couldn’t easily be repaired. In order to fix that part of me that didn’t want to tell people about myself and wanted to bundle everything up, I had to first release the thoughts that I had locked up. I had to tell someone why I hated my family and why certain things hurt me. As the truth came out, I felt better. However, despite my newfound comfort, I felt naked almost; I was revealing to Victor some of the most sensitive things of my life. I was telling him things I hadn’t even dared to tell Pablo, one of my dearest friends. I felt vulnerable in a way because I knew that with the knowledge of these things came the possibility that Victor could use them against me. I had to have trusted him to have told him everything that I did, but, then again, I had broken down because of Sarah. Perhaps it was just the fact that I was broken hearted about finding Sarah’s dead body that I told Victor everything I did; I wanted to believe that it was because I trusted him though. Whatever my reasoning was, it was too late to turn back, I had started to tell him about my life and I didn’t intend to stop until all of the memories and thoughts that had been prisoners were set free.
     So I talked until about five a.m., once it hit five, my tear ducts were emptied of all tears and my eyes were heavy from fatigue. I had told Victor a lot and he had relentlessly listened to me. He never interrupted and he never seemed to get frustrated or angry with what I had to say. He told me his opinions on certain things and then, when I finally began to fall asleep, he kissed my forehead, told me that he loved me and then he left my room, letting sleep become my new companion. 

































Chapter 14

     I woke at twelve in the afternoon on Saturday, November 7th. When I blinked open my eyes, my sight was blurry and my eyelids felt swollen. I rubbed and rubbed my eyes, trying to get the annoying feeling to go away but I couldn’t do it. I sat there for a moment, thinking of the reason that my eyes were so puffy. When I remembered all that had happened last night, I took a moment to think. I thought about all of the things I had told Victor and for once, they didn’t pain me. The thought of my mom didn’t pain me and I wasn’t sad or angry about anything. I then forced myself to think about Sarah and I couldn’t help but feel the pain nip at me. I didn’t feel like crying about it though, I probably couldn’t cry after last night.  
     Finally, after a few minutes, I slid out of bed and walked over to a mirror to see how badly my eyes were swollen from crying. I looked in the mirror and flinched at the sight of myself. My eye shadow had been rubbed all over my face and my mascara and eyeliner were no longer on my eyelashes and eyelid but under my eye and all over my cheeks. As for my swollen eyes, that was a whole other problem. My eyelids were thick and swollen because I had cried so much. I could fix the makeup disaster but I probably couldn’t fix my puffy eyes. My sight was still a little blurry and my eyelids were so heavy that I just wanted to crawl back into bed and sleep some more. I didn’t though, I just grabbed some clothes and went to the bathroom. I shut and locked the door and then I took a quick shower, washing off my face and around my eyes. I washed my hair and my body and then I got out and got dressed. After I was out of the shower, my vision was no longer blurry, though the puffiness had not gone away. Once I was dressed, I brushed my hair and then I brushed my teeth. I then decided that this whole eye thing wasn’t going to help me throughout the day so I left my room and headed downstairs. I went into the kitchen and I began to search through the pantry for some tea bags. Finally, I found some black tea so I grabbed out two bags and I put them on the counter. I grabbed a glass bowl and put some water in it and stuck it in the microwave. I let the water cook for one minute and then when it was done, I pulled it out of the microwave and I put the teabags into it. I let them sit for a minute as I searched for a small hand towel. When I found one, I grabbed the bowl and set it on the floor. I then lied down on the floor and I picked up the teabags. I wrung them out over the bowl so that they weren’t dripping wet and then I closed my eyes and laid one of them over each of my eyes. I then put the cloth over my face and I lied there silently. I hadn’t cried in a long time but I hadn’t forgotten the tricks I had once used to get rid of any evidence of crying. Black tea has anti-irritant properties so it helps to reduce puffy eyes. I had tried everything from cold spoons on the eyes to cucumbers and potatoes and I found that applying either black tea or green teabags to my eyes was the only thing that worked for me.
     I lied on the ground for maybe seven minutes and then I decided it was time to remove the bags. So I took the cloth off of my face and I removed the bags from my eyes. Before opening my eyes, I took the cloth and dabbed at my eyes, drying them off a little. I then opened my eyes and that heavy feeling was gone. My eyes were still a little puffy but for the most part, they were better. I smiled and then I threw away the teabags, dumped out the water and put the bowl into the sink and I put the towel in the dirty clothes pile. I then went back upstairs and to the bathroom where all of my makeup supplies were. I looked in the mirror and saw that I looked a lot better, they still looked gross but my eyes weren’t as red and swollen as they had been. I then began to apply makeup in an attempt to make my eyes look better.
     When my makeup was done, I brushed through my hair again and then I quickly braided it. I then went to the window and looked outside. I felt my mouth fall open a little as I saw white. Everything was covered in snow; the snow had to be a foot deep! I shook my head and then I looked down the hill to the main road; I could barely see the road through the trees. What I could see though looked as if the snow on the road had been plowed. It was no longer snowing and I could see patches of blue in the sky. I closed the blinds and then I looked down at my clothes; I was wearing jeans a t-shirt and a sweatshirt. I figured this was good for now. So I left my room and headed downstairs, looking for Victor. I looked around the living room and, like it had been a few minutes ago, it was empty. I then walked into the kitchen and saw that it was empty too. I frowned and looked around. “Victor’s probably up in his room.” I thought. I had never actually been in Victor’s room so I wasn’t sure which one it was or where it was for that matter. Still, I headed upstairs and I looked down the long hallway. There were four doors in this hallway. I passed my door and went to the door that was up a little farther. It was closed so I knocked. No one answered so I went to the next door and knocked. I did this with all of the doors but no one answered. When I was done in this hall, I went to the end of the hall, faced the stairs and took a right. When you were in the living room, there were two staircases that you could take to get upstairs, the one on the right took you to the hallway that my room was in, and the other staircase took you to the other hallway. Upstairs, there was a wooden banister in-between the top of the left stairs and the top of the right stairs. You could basically get to the top of the staircase on the right and turn left, walk a little and then you would be at the top of the staircase on the left and in the other hallway. Anyway, I walked over to the other hallway and then I looked down it. There was the same amount of doors on this side. I walked down and saw that all of them but one was shut. I walked over to the slightly opened door and I knocked. I heard some footsteps inside and then the door opened the rest of the way. I saw Victor’s face. He stared curiously at me for a minute and then he smiled. 
     “Hey, you’re awake.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, sorry, I was trying to find you.” He nodded and opened his door all the way.
     “Come on in.” He said as he turned around and walked back into his room. I walked through the door, following him. I looked around the room and saw it to look very similar to mine. There was the bed and the bathroom door. There was a similar window and a similar dresser. The only real differences between our rooms were the things in them. Victor had some clothes on the floor and he had a bunch of papers on the bed. His room looked a little more messy, whereas mine was clean. I didn’t care about the slight mess though. I looked at him and then he looked at me. 
     “Are you doing ok?” He asked. I nodded.
     “Yeah, I feel better today.” He nodded, happy about that. “I’m sorry about yesterday, Victor; I didn’t mean to break down like that.” He shook his head.
     “Don’t be sorry, you had a tough day.”
     “Yeah.” I paused for a moment and then I spoke. “Is your uncle home?” He shook his head. 
     “No, he’s at the station.”
     “Have they found anything out?”
     “No, not that I’m aware of. They’re waiting for the coroner to get there so he can perform the autopsy.” I nodded and thought of Sarah. The image of her mangled body came into my mind and I felt a shiver run up my spine. I quickly shook it off and then I looked back at Victor.
     “Is the coroner getting held up because of this snow?” He nodded. 
     “A little bit. He should be here at one though.”
     “Does anybody know that we found Sarah?” I inquired. He shrugged.
     “My uncle hasn’t made an official statement. He’s going to wait until the autopsy is complete and then they’re going to have a press conference.”
     “Have they told Sarah’s family?” He nodded and frowned.
     “They told them this morning.” I thought of Sarah’s mom and dad and then I felt my eyes fill with water as I thought about how brokenhearted they must be feeling. I closed my eyes, stopping the tears from falling out. I took in a deep breath and then I looked back at Victor.
     “Do they have any idea who might have killed her? Did finding the body help at all?” He shook his head.
     “They don’t have a clue right now but my uncle said he thinks they’re going to find something once the autopsy is complete.” I nodded a little and then I thought about the two men that did this to her. I thought about James and then I grew angry. I wanted more than anything for him to be blamed for this. I stopped myself though and tried to think of the other man. “Who is he?” I wondered. “I can’t possibly know until the autopsy is over with.” 
     “What are you doing today?” I asked Victor. 
     “I’m staying with you.” 
     “Are we allowed to leave the house?” He nodded a little. 
     “Yeah, why?” 
     “I’d like to go and speak to James.” He shook his head.
     “No.” 
     “Why not?” I argued. He laughed like he thought I was stupid.
     “Because that’s dumb.” I glared at him.
     “Dumb? It’s not dumb!” 
     “Yes it is. You think James is one of the men so why would you want to put yourself in danger by going to him?” 
     “Pff, I wouldn’t be in any danger, you’d be with me.” He shook his head.
     “And what do you expect me to do if the other guy is with him? I couldn’t take on two people.” I laughed and shook my head.
     “You’ve seen James, right? He barely counts, I could take care of him.” Victor half smiled a little but he snapped back into his serious mood.
     “What do you expect to learn from talking to James?” He wondered. 
     “No one knows that Sarah’s dead or that we’ve found her. Don’t you think if James was one of the men we would be able to tell by his reaction to hearing that we found Sarah?” Victor stood there for a moment, thinking it through. He finally nodded a little.
     “I suppose it might tell us a little, I don’t know why it matters though, you’re already convinced that James is one of the men, why do you need to see how he reacts?” 
     “I don’t need the evidence, Josh and your uncle and all of the other police officers need it.”
     “Well, why don’t you call Josh and tell him your plan, get him to come along.” I nodded.
     “Maybe I will,” I said stubbornly, “I’ll call him right now. And then after I call him we can go and talk to James.” Victor shook his head. 
     “Only if Josh or another officer goes with us.” I scowled at him and pulled my phone out of my pocket. Josh had given me his number in case I had an emergency or in case I had information for him. So I dialed his number and listened as it rang. After a few short seconds, Josh answered. 
     “Hello.” 
     “Josh, this is Vanessa Howell, you told me to call if I had anything.”
     “Yeah, what’s up? Did you find anything?”
     “No, but I know a way that I can prove James is one of the men that broke into my room.” I heard a small sound like he was sighing.
     “Is it factual evidence?”
     “No.”
     “Then what is it?”
     “Ok, so you guys haven’t had a press conference about Sarah yet; the only people you’ve told about Sarah are her parents.”
     “Yeah.”
     “Well then we’ll go to James and tell him that we found Sarah’s body. His reaction will convince you that he’s one of the killers.” Josh chuckled.
     “Vanessa, I know that you think James is one of the men but we’ve already questioned him.” 
     “That was before you found the body though. Now you’ll be able to pinpoint time of death and you can better question him.” 
     “If you want us to bring him in for questioning again, we will but we’re going to do it after the autopsy is over with and we know what to question him about.”
     “You can question him and tell him about Sarah.” I insisted.
     “No, Vanessa. Look, he’s going to think we’re harassing him if we keep questioning him and accusing him and if, for some reason, he has to get a lawyer, they’re going to use that against us. I’m sorry but I’m not going to go and tell that poor kid that Sarah is dead. He doesn’t need to know right now. I will question him though once we get the coroner’s report.” I clenched my hand into a fist and nodded a little. I knew that he was right about the harassment thing.
     “Alright, you don’t have to go and tell him but I’m going to hold you to your promise, you will question him again.” 
     “I promise that I will question him again as soon as I read the coroner’s report.” 
     “Ok.” I muttered. I removed the phone from my ear and I hung up. Victor glanced at me with a smug look on his face. I shook my head at him and shoved my phone into my pocket.
     “What did he say?” He questioned as if he hadn’t been sitting in the room listening to me speak the whole time. I rolled my eyes at him.
     “He said that if he goes and questions him now and if he goes and questions him after they get the coroner’s report, James could say that the police are harassing him.” Victor nodded. 
     “That is very true.”
     “True or not, I would still like to go and talk to him.” Victor sighed and shook his head.
     “I don’t think so.” 
     “If James gets called in to the police station then he’s going to have a chance to rehearse what he needs to say. If we go to his house and surprise him then he won’t have any time to rehearse and he’ll be more likely to tell us who the other man is.” Victor stared at me for a long, hard moment and then he finally nodded.
     “Alright, I’ll tell you what, we’ll go to James’ house and if he’s there you can question him all you want. However, if he’s not there then we’re going to do what I want, which is nothing.” I nodded and held out my hand. Victor and I shook and then he went into his closet and grabbed a coat out; he slid on the jacket. We both exited the room and went downstairs. I wasn’t in the warmest clothes but I didn’t think we would be outside too terribly much. 
     When we got downstairs, I grabbed my jacket and put it on. I then grabbed my keys but Victor snatched them from my hands and set them on the counter. He then grabbed his keys. I scowled at him but he ignored my look of irritation. He walked over to the front door and opened it, waiting for me to exit the living room. I walked out the front door and then Victor followed me, closing the door behind him. As we walked to Victor’s car, we saw Don walking around the white, icy driveway. We both waved at him and he gave us a quick nod of acknowledgement. We then entered Victor’s car and he turned on the car and started the heater. It was freezing out but the sun had appeared from behind the clouds; I assumed the abnormal, snow weather would be over soon. As we waited for the car to warm up, Victor called someone at the police station. He asked where James lived and when he got the address, we began to drive to his house. 
     Victor and I only drove for about fifteen minutes. The driving wasn’t too bad once we got onto the main road. All of the snow had been plowed away. When we got to the apartment complex that James lived in, he parked the car and then we looked at the buildings. If these apartments were anywhere besides the quaint town of Hanover, I might be afraid of them. However, we were in Hanover so I had a hard time even considering this to be a “Bad” place. Something was off about the complex though, it seemed dirty in a way, I could imagine the place without snow and at night. I would be scared to come around here by myself. Victor and I got out of the car and then we both began to walk to apartment 16. As we walked, I looked at the houses. There were a few people walking around the complex, mostly people in their early to late twenties. I imagined this place to be one of the places that the kids that didn’t go to college lived. I looked at two guys that were leaning on the side of a wall, talking to one another and smoking cigarettes. As we walked farther into the complex, I got a chilling feeling, a scared one. I felt vulnerable here. I heard the crying of a young child from inside one of the houses and inside another I heard a few people yelling at each other. Victor didn’t seem too bothered by the unsettling atmosphere so I tried to not let it affect me. 
     When Victor and I finally got to James’ apartment, we stopped at the door and Victor knocked. We waited a minute and when no one answered, he rang the doorbell. When no one answered for that, I had the bad feeling that Victor was going to have his way. No one answered the door and there was no noise from inside. I sighed in defeat and then Victor shrugged. He looked at me.
     “I’m sorry.” “He doesn’t sound sorry to me.” I thought. “It’s probably for the better, after all, we…” 
     “Vanessa.” Said a voice not far away. Both Victor and I looked over to the left and we saw James walking to his house with grocery bags in his hands. I looked at Victor and cast a smug grin at him. He scowled at me and then we both looked back at James. 
     “James.” I said, going back into sleuth mode. I watched as James’ eyes went from me to Victor.
     “Victor.” He muttered quietly.
     “Hello James.” James walked up to us and he set down his grocery bags and he brushed off his hands on his pants. 
     “It’s pretty chilly out. Who would have foreseen such weather in the beginning of November?” I felt angry with his casual small talk. Victor, on the other hand, was very polite.
     “Yeah, the blizzard last night was crazy.”
     “Did you guys get stuck in it at all?” James asked as he passed us and opened his house door. He walked passed us and grabbed his groceries.
     “In fact, we did get caught in it.” James shook his head and walked passed us.
     “Why don’t you guys come in?” He offered. I didn’t want to do it because I was being stubborn but Victor nodded. 
     “Thanks.” He took my hand and then we both entered the house behind James. James set down his groceries and turned on the lights. 
     “Will you close the door for me?” He requested. Victor nodded and closed the door. James then looked at us and spoke. “So what can I do for you two, I assume you didn’t just come here to chat about the weather.” Victor shook his head.
     “No, I’m afraid we didn’t come for that. Vanessa felt like she should tell you something.” James looked at me with curious eyes.
     “Oh, and what might that be?”
     “We found Sarah’s body.” The look that was to be expected from a stalker when they found out the person they were stalking was dead was not the look that James gave. In fact, the look that James gave me was almost a pleased one. That look didn’t last though; there was a slight second of that pleased expression and then the expected look kicked into play.
     “Her body? What… what do you mean?” He now looked horrified. 
     “She’s dead.” Victor said in a harsh manner. James looked like he was going to faint and he took a slight step back, really selling the whole freaked out bit.
     “Oh my… she’s…” He shook his head and his eyes watered up. “No, no, no! This can’t be happening.” I now was confused. His reaction, to me, seemed so rehearsed but did it seem like that because I thought that he was one of the men? “Shit,” I thought, “What if he’s not one of the men? He’s got to be… right? Look at him.” I looked at him and saw tears fall from his brokenhearted eyes. “Is he serious or is he faking this? The look he gave for that split second though, that has to be proof enough. He seemed happy that we found her. “Well of course he looked happy, he thought you found her alive probably.” I shook my head a little. “No, it was more than just a mere happy look, it was a pleased look. He looked like something that he had planned had just been completed. But look at him now. He’s crying and freaking out. What kind of a person can just cry on command? He can’t be faking this. Then again, he wasn’t acting this innocent the last time I saw him. Maybe he’s just being this way to convince Victor that he’s innocent.” I looked from James to Victor and saw that he looked just as conflicted as I did. I hoped that he had caught that small look of satisfaction on James’ face; if he didn’t, then after this I was positive he wouldn’t believe that James was one of the killers.
     Victor, James and I all stood in the small room in the apartment and Victor and I watched as James sobbed.
     “Whe… where did you find her?” He questioned. 
     “She was at a dump.” Despite my newfound pity for James, Victor remained as stern as he had before. Once Victor said this, James began to weep harder. 
     “I’m sorry.” He mumbled. “Sarah just… she meant a lot to me.” I watched James carefully as he cried and so did Victor.
     “I’m sure this has got to be hard for you James, but I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions.” 
     “The police already asked all of their questions.”
     “I know, but I have some of my own. I’m not going to ask you much about Sarah, I promise.” James nodded a little so Victor began.
     “The other day you came up to Vanessa and we were all told that you grabbed her.” Victor took my hand and showed James my wrist. James stared at it and he shook his head. 
     “I already told the police that that was an accident; I didn’t mean to hurt her. I paid the money that I owed and that was that. Were you not aware of that?”
     “No, I was aware.” Victor reassured him. “I just wanted to start there. You see, it’s come to my attention that all of your recent encounters with Vanessa have been violent.” James shook his head in protest, his eyes ceasing from watering.
     “That was the only time I touched her.”
     “Well, Vanessa told me that you attempted to grab her again a few days ago when you two ran into each other.” 
     “I didn’t.” 
     “Because someone bumped into you and knocked you down the stairs.” I stated. James looked at me with his tearstained eyes and he glared. Before he could speak, Victor butted in.
     “The whole grabbing Vanessa thing isn’t really the problem I’m having right now, after all, you were cleared of all charges on the matter. What is worrying me right now are the verbal threats you’ve made to her.”
     “Verbal threats?” He asked, playing dumb.
     “Yeah, you told Vanessa that she was going to be with Sarah really soon.”
     “Is trying to encourage someone a crime?”
     “No, not at all. However, when you consider the fact that Sarah is dead now and you add that to the fact that you did indeed harm Vanessa, it kind of looks…” Victor paused, thinking of the right word. “Suspicious.” James was now glaring at Victor.
     “I’ve already told the police everything that they need to know. Now, I would appreciate it if they would stop accusing me of things I didn’t do.” 
     “We’re not the police.” I argued.
     “Maybe you’re not but Victor is the chief’s nephew. I’m sure the chief sent you down here to question me.” Victor shook his head.
     “Assuredly, this was all my idea. I just thought I would come and clear the air on a few things. After all, my girlfriend is in danger. You couldn’t expect any less of me than to question everyone in an attempt to find the men that are threatening her.” James didn’t say anything to that, so Victor continued. “I’ll leave you alone as soon as I find the men that killed Sarah. I can assure you, I’ll be too busy putting them through hell to bother you.”
     “Putting them through hell?” James asked, only a little intimidated. Victor nodded.
     “Oh yeah, as I’ve already stated, I’m not a police officer. Let’s just say, if I find the men that did this to Sarah and threatened to hurt my girl, I won’t be so kind as to just throw them into jail.” Victor said this while staring James straight in the eye. 
     “Here you were going off about me threatening people, and you’re so openly throwing threats around. Be careful Victor, someone might get offended.”
     “Only the killers.” Victor hissed. James and Victor starred at one another for a long time until finally, James broke the stare.
     “Well,” he said as if nothing was wrong, “I have a lot to get done around here. I’d like for you two to leave. With Sarah…” He paused and took in a deep breath and his eyes glistened in the light from the room. “With Sarah being dead, I’m going to need some extra time to adjust.” He looked at the door and then back at us. Victor nodded courtly. 
     “Thank you for your time.” He said. Victor grabbed my hand and made me walk in front of him. He opened the door for me and then I exited and Victor followed, closing the door behind him. I wanted to instantly flood Victor with my questions and comments but he didn’t stop walking. He put his hand on my back and forced me to keep walking to the car. So I said nothing until we got to the parking lot and entered the car.
     Once we were both situated in the vehicle, I looked at Victor. He was just sitting in the driver’s seat, thinking.
     “If Josh would have been there, do you think he would have believed my accusations?” He nodded.
     “I think so.” 
     “What do you think about him? At first I was sure it was him but then he started to cry and… I don’t know. He seemed seriously sad. But, before he began to cry there was this slight moment where James looked pleased. Did you catch that look?” He shook his head.
     “No, I didn’t catch the look.” I frowned. “But I think you’re right about him; something seemed off. For a so-called stalker, he wasn’t too devastated for Sarah. Also, he was very defensive when I asked him the questions I did.” I shook my head. 
     “No, he seemed upset. He was crying.”
     “Just because he was crying doesn’t mean he was upset. People can fake tears you know.” I stared at Victor, unconvinced of this. 
     “Well either way, we both agree that he’s guilty, right?” He nodded just a little.
     “Yeah, I think so.”
     “Now we just have to get your uncle to believe us.” He shook his head. 
     “My uncle isn’t the problem, Josh is. Josh is the lead detective. My uncle doesn’t do the real investigating, Josh does. If Josh isn’t convinced then my uncle isn’t.” I sighed and shook my head, angry that Josh didn’t come with us. 
     Victor and I were silent as we drove back to the house. I was too deep in thought to be able to have a conversation with anyone. I was thinking about James and trying to figure out what I had to do to prove that he was guilty. Without Sarah’s body we had nothing and until her autopsy was done we still had nothing to go off of. I knew that I could think and think but until we had a place to start, it was useless. 
     When Victor and I arrived at his house, we went inside and then I reluctantly began to work on homework that I had neglected. I worked for a couple of hours and then I went and ate dinner. After eating, I took a small break and talked with Victor. After talking, I returned to my studies. Normally I would have been done with everything within the first three hours but my mind was all over the place so it took me a good five hours to finish everything. In a way I was grateful to have had so much homework; it occupied my time. At the same time though, I didn’t want to do it, I just wanted to figure out who the killers were and how to catch them.
     That was basically my day; I worked on school and thought about stuff. The past few days had been so crazy so I was relieved to have a break and just work on school, which, after all, was the real reason I was in Hanover.
     I had finished my homework in the late afternoon and then the rest of the day I just hung out with Victor, anxiously awaiting Arnold’s call, telling us that the autopsy had been completed. But we didn’t receive a call that night. I went to bed not knowing anything more about this case than I had the previous days. I knew that tomorrow was the day though, tomorrow I would be able to see the coroner’s report and then I would know where to start looking for her killer.
     The next morning, I woke at eight a.m. Today was Sunday, November 8th. When I got up, I looked outside to see if the snow was still there. As I looked out of my window, I realized that the sky was blue. There were little patches of clouds here and there but for the most part, the sky was clear. I looked down at the ground and saw that there was still plenty of snow. I figured that it would all be melted and gone by Wednesday. 
     When I knew what the weather was like, I went and took a shower and then I got dressed in jeans and a hoodie. I brushed my hair and threw it into a ponytail. I then did my makeup and I went downstairs. Don was in the kitchen so I gave him a smile and then I looked around for Victor. He wasn’t in the kitchen. Don saw me looking for him, so he spoke. 
     “Victor is out back talking to his uncle on the phone.” My eyes opened a little wider and my gaze went to the back door. 
     “Do you know what they’re talking about?” I hoped. He shook his head and I frowned. “Thank you.” I said as I walked to the door. He nodded at me and then I walked out back.
     When outside, I looked around for Victor. He was down by the gazebo with his cell phone pressed to his ear. I watched as he paced and nodded his head, occasionally talking. He looked serious. “This has to be the phone call.” I thought. “He looks freaked out, what else could it be?” I stood there impatiently awaiting the phone call to end. After a few minutes it did so and he hung up the phone. The second he hung up the phone I began to run to the gazebo and he began to walk back to the house; we met halfway.” He gave a small, unenthusiastic smile and I frowned. 
     “What’s wrong?” I asked. 
     “The coroner finished the autopsy last night.” I nodded.
     “That’s good, now we can go and…”
     “I don’t think you should look over it, Vanessa.” I frowned.
     “Why?” 
     “My uncle read it to me; you don’t want or need to read it.” 
     “Was it that bad?” I whispered. The image of Sarah’s mangled body popped into my head and I shivered in fear and disgust. 
     “You don’t really need to read the autopsy report, it’s not that important. Just have them tell you the important stuff.” That suggestion was no good. “No, I need to read it.” I thought. “Just giving me the information isn’t good enough. I need to get it myself and go over everything in my head.” I looked at Victor. 
     “I have to look over it Victor. I need to see what happened for myself. They said that the killer might know me personally, I need to see if there’s anything that can help me find him.” He looked very hesitant.
     “I know that you want to read it but you’ll be better off if you don’t. I promise you, they’ll have all of the information you need in a file. You don’t want to go over the coroner’s report though. Please just trust me.” 
     “Please trust me.” I plead. “I want to read it.” He looked sad that I wasn’t listening to his request, but understanding at the same time.
     “I don’t know if my uncle will let you read it. I’ll go with you down to the station though.”
     “Thank you.” He nodded a little and then we went back to the house.
     Victor grabbed some stuff and then he and I went down to the police station. The things Victor had said about the coroner’s report made me want to read it even more. I wanted to know why he was so reluctant to my reading it. At the same time though, I wanted to listen to him and stay far away from it. I didn’t want to know what had been done to Sarah and how much pain she had to have been in. I didn’t want to know for her sake and for my sake. If I was to get caught by these men, my fate could very well be the same as Sarah’s. I didn’t want to know what could happen to me. Nevertheless, my curiosity outweighed all else so I was determined to read the file.
     When Victor and I got to the police station, I was surprised to see that there were a bunch of people standing outside of the building. I looked around and saw news vans and cameramen. I cast a questioning glance at Victor. He looked around and shook his head. 
     “The press kind of knows what’s going on. My uncle hasn’t had a press conference yet but they know that we found something.” He looked from them to me. “If we walk to the station they’re going to crowd you and try and get you to answer questions.” I nodded, knowing that he was right.
     “Yeah, you’re right. I’ll ignore them though, it’ll be fine. Just don’t stop walking.” He nodded and then we both got out of the car. All of the reporters were facing toward the police station so Victor and I managed to work our way up behind them. They were blocking the entrance so we would have to push through some of them to get to the door. Things were going pretty well until one of them turned around and looked at me and Victor.
     “It’s her, it’s her, it’s Vanessa!” The man exclaimed. In the blink of an eye, reporters and camera people were turned around and snapping pictures, chattering and recording videos. I hadn’t dealt with the press in a long time. My mom was always surrounded with the press. I hated that so I had made a point to stay away from it all. This was the first time in years that a reporter had said my name or acknowledged my presence. 
     As Victor and I tried to make our way through the people, it seemed to get harder and harder. Victor was telling them to back off and I was holding his hand, following him through the crowd. As we walked, I heard the questions pouring out of their mouths. “Vanessa, how do you feel about this whole thing?” “Has your mother been informed about all of this?” “Are you scared that your life might be in danger?” Many questions like that ran through the air and I stopped dead in my tracks, shocked at the stupidity of some of them. “Am I scared for my life? No, I’m totally not scared that two men are trying to kill me, dumb-ass.” I thought. I was unable to move because I was so shocked with all of the noise and comments. Victor, however, was able to move so he put his hand on my back and gently pushed me forward, getting me to move. I snapped out of it and we quickly walked into the police station. No one followed us inside.
     Once we were in the building, I looked back at the door and shook my head. 
     “Did you hear all of the stupid questions they were asking?” He nodded. 
     “Yeah.” He shook his head at the door and then he looked away. His eyes searched the room for someone, probably Arnold. Clearly he found who he was looking for because he took my hand and then we began to walk. We walked through the busy station and then we came across Arnold who looked exhausted.
     “Hey Vick.” He said when he saw us.
     “Hey.” Victor muttered. “Can I see the autopsy report?” He asked.
     “I already read it to you.” His uncle said, sounding a little confused. 
     “Yeah, but I want to read over it again. I’m sorry to bother you, I know you’re busy.” Arnold shook his head, not minding. 
     “It’s alright.” We began to walk to his office. As we walked, Arnold looked back at me.
     “How are you Vanessa?” I nodded a little.
     “I’m alright.”
     “You’re brave to have come here with all of the reporters outside. Did they give you any trouble?” I shook my head. 
     “No, they’re just dumb.” He chuckled and nodded.
     “Indeed they are.” We stopped walking and he unlocked his office door. We all walked in and then Arnold got into his desk and pulled out the file. He looked at me and then at Victor. He handed the file to Victor and then he looked back at me.
     “Why don’t you come wait outside while Victor goes over the report.” I frowned.
     “I’ll be quiet, I won’t bother him.”
     “No, I don’t care about that, I just don’t want you to try and read it.”
     “He doesn’t want me to read it either.” I grumbled.
     “Good.” He nodded at Victor. “Will it disturb you if she’s in here?” Victor shook his head.
     “No.”
     “Alright, look it over and then put it back in my desk. Don’t show it to her.” He nodded in agreement and then Arnold left. I wasn’t entirely sure if Victor was serious about the promise he had just made Arnold or if he had just said that to get him to leave us alone. I looked at him and saw that he was staring at the file. He looked angry, sad, frustrated and conflicted. He really didn’t want to give the file to me. Despite his want to protect me from it, he made a hand motion, beckoning me to come to him. So I walked over to him and then he pulled out Arnold’s chair for me. I sat down and then he pushed it in. He set the file in front of me and then he shook his head. 
     “I wish you wouldn’t read it.” He said as he walked over to the door and locked it. I frowned. I didn’t want to disobey him or hurt his feelings by doing what he wished I wouldn’t. I needed to read it though.
     “I’m sorry.” I said quietly as I opened it up. It read:
_____________________________________________________ 
     
Office of the Chief Medical Examiner _____________________________________________________

Date and Hour Autopsy Performed: 11/07/2015; 5:00 p.m. by Franklin Foster, M.D., 246 Pleasant St., Suite 218, Concord NH 03301-2598, (603) 271-1235, (Fax 603-271-6308). Assistant: Emily White, M.D. full autopsy performed.
_____________________________________________________

Summary Report of Autopsy
_____________________________________________________

Name: Ellen, Sarah Michelle

Date of Birth: 10/22/94

Race: White

Sex: Female

Date of Death: 11/02/15

Body Identified by: Daniele Ellen and Marcus Ellen, parents of the deceased

Case #: 000389-31A-2015

Investigative Agency: Hanover Police Dept.
_____________________________________________________

Evidence of Treatment: N/A
_____________________________________________________
External Examination:
     The autopsy began at 5:00 p.m. on November 7th, 2015. The body is presented in a black body bag. When first viewed, the deceased is naked. 
     The body is of a normally developed white female measuring 64 inches, weighing 110 pounds and appearing consistent with the stated age of 21. The body is cold and unembalmed. Lividity is fixed primarily on the posterior and anterior of the arms and legs and the anterior of the face. The eyes were closed when the body was found; they were opened for examination. The irises are blue and the corneas are cloudy. The sclera are clear. The pupils measure .3 cm. Hair color is black an approximately 6 inches in length at the longest point. Chunks of hair are missing from the deceased’s scalp and the intact hair is covered in the deceased’s blood.
     Contusions cover the posterior and anterior of the deceased’s body; the size and location of the contusions vary. One of the contusions is shaped oddly; it appears to have been caused by some type of binding, such as rope. This contusion is located on the anterior and posterior of the left forearm. The contusion measures 7.40 inches in length and 4.30 inches in width.
     On the anterior and posterior of the deceased’s arms and legs, there are approximately 49 lacerations. The lacerations are only located on the arms and legs. The lacerations are all approximately 1mm in width and the length varies from 1 inch to 3 inches. The lacerations appear to have been made by a straight blade from a sort of hunting knife.
     The chest, abdomen and back are all damaged in some minor way but are otherwise intact. The external genitalia are that of an adult female. There are contusions on and around the breasts but that is the only sign of external injury to the breasts. Limbs are all damaged in a way but are otherwise intact. All fingernails are present and are painted black; the nail polish is chipped and nearly gone. There are scars on the deceased’s anterior and posterior, right and left arms. The scars are approximately 0.6mm in width and the length ranges from 2 to 3 inches. The scars indicate past self-harm or past abuse. The deceased has one tattoo around her right ankle and one tattoo on the posterior region of her shoulder. The deceased’s left and right wrists were slit; the lacerations are approximately 0.009 in. in width and 7 inches in length.  
_____________________________________________________

Internal Examination
_____________________________________________________

Head -- Central Nervous System: Subsequent autopsy shows that there are no internal injuries to the head. The brain weighs 1,314 grams and is within normal limits. The CNS is unharmed.

Skeletal System: One small hairline fracture to the right tibia is observed by X-ray. Skeletal system is otherwise unharmed.

Respiratory System: No traces of anything unusual in the posterior oral cavity. There are lesions on either side of the oral cavity; it appears that the deceased bit her cheeks. The mucosa is still intact. There are slight injuries to the lips; it appears that the deceased bit her lips open. Teeth and gums are fine. There is no obstruction of the airways. The hyoid bone, the thyroid, and the cricoid cartilages are all intact. The lungs weigh: right, 360 grams; left 350 grams. The lung tissue is slightly damaged from cigarette smoke but otherwise unharmed.

Cardiovascular System: The heart weighs 287 grams; it has a normal size and configuration. There is no sign of atherosclerosis.

Gastrointestinal System: The mucosa and wall of the esophagus are intact and grey-pink, they are uninjured. Gastric mucosa is intact and pink without injury. There is exactly 12 ml of partially digested food in the stomach. The mucosa of the duodenum, jejunum, ileum, colon, and rectum are intact.

Urinary System: The kidneys weigh: right, 130 grams; left, 125 grams. The kidneys’ size, shape and location are average and they are both without lesions.

Female Genitalia System: The structures are within average limits. The deceased has never given birth. There are signs of recent sexual activity. There is vaginal tearing; the injuries suggest rape. DNA samples have been sent in, checking for any of the assailant’s DNA. 

Toxicology: A sample of right pleural blood and bile were submitted for toxicological analysis. All stomach contents were saved.

Serology: Samples of right pleural blood has been submitted in an EDTA tube. Routine toxicology studies were ordered.
_____________________________________________________

(I briefly scanned through the laboratory data, the drug screen results, and the evidence collected. I then read on.)

Opinion
_____________________________________________________

Time of Death: Body temperature, rigor and liver mortis, and stomach contents place the time of death between 12:00 a.m. and 4:00 a.m. on 11/02/15.

Immediate Cause of Death: Lacerations on the wrists caused the deceased to die of blood loss.

Manner of Death: Homicide.
_____________________________________________________

(The report was signed by Franklin Foster, M.D. and that was it.)
     I closed the file and stared blankly at the wall. A million thoughts were running through my mind and I didn’t know which one to dwell on. One particular stuck with me and I hated it. “If you wouldn’t have accepted that ride from Victor that night then she wouldn’t have ran off and got taken. This is your fault.” I shook my head and felt my eyes water up. “No, it’s not my fault! The men took her, if they wouldn’t have taken her on Halloween then they would have gotten her some other time. Maybe not though. Maybe nothing! This is not my fault. Sarah is the one that took off; she could have stayed and handled thing rationally but she didn’t. I am not to blame for this.” I felt a tear trickle down my face and I closed my eyes, not wanting to cry again. As my eyes were closed, I heard footsteps come across the room and to me. I felt a pair of large arms wrap around me. I blinked open my eyes and looked at Victor, who was hugging me. I slid off of the chair and we both sat on the floor together.
     “Is this my fault?” I whispered to him. He shook his head.
     “No.” A small sob escaped my mouth and I felt more tears falling from my eyes. 
     “I feel so guilty, Victor. I feel like if I would have just waited at work for her to pick me up, none of this would have happened.”
     “It’s not your fault.” He said again. I sat there for a moment thinking over all that I had read and then I felt more tears begin to fall from my eyes. 
     “How am I going to be able to be a lawyer and work with things like this if I can’t even control my emotions? I feel so sad and lost and I don’t know what to do and I can’t stop thinking about Sarah’s parents. They must hate me! I’m alive and their daughter is dead. My best friend is dead and now I… I’m going to die next.” I felt Victor’s arms wrap a little tighter around me with those words. 
     “No.” He said seriously. “You’re not going to die. We’re not going to let anything happen to you.” I felt his lips touch my forehead. “This isn’t your fault. The men that did this are the ones at fault in this. They’re the ones that killed Sarah, not you. And I swear to you, Sarah’s parents don’t hate you. They have a lot going on right now I’m sure but they’re not going to blame you, they’re going to blame the men.” I nodded a little and pressed my face against Victor’s chest. He held me tight and we sat there in silence.















Chapter 15

     At nine thirty a.m., Victor and I left Arnold’s office and we began to search for him. We were unable to find Arnold but we did stumble into Josh. He was walking around, shouting orders to people. When he saw us, he stopped speaking and looked us over. 
     “Hey, Victor, what are you doing here?”
     “My uncle told me about the coroner’s report so I came down to look it over.”
     “Did you already do that?” Josh questioned. Victor nodded. 
     “Yeah.” Josh looked at me.
     “Did chief let her look at it?”
     “No.” He looked at Victor with a disbelieving look on his face.
     “Did you let her read it?” Victor nodded hesitantly. Josh nodded as well. “That’s probably for the best. You shouldn’t have had to read it but we needed you to. We need as much help as possible finding these guys. “Josh looked from me to the room, he was searching for someone. “I have something that I need to tell chief.” 
     “Where is he?” Victor inquired.
     “I think he’s talking to the mayor right now. They’re going to have a press conference today to let people know what’s going on.”
     “What do you need to tell him?” I asked. He looked quite proud of himself.
     “Well, once we found Sarah, I began to look through some old, unresolved cases. Once I read the coroner’s report, I was able to narrow down my search.”
     “What are you looking for?” Victor wondered.
     “There are five unresolved cases that match this one.”
     “Match?” 
     “Well, there are slight differences but I think we’re dealing with a serial killer.”
     “A serial killer?” I muttered. Josh nodded and then he made a hand motion, beckoning me and Victor to follow him. We all began to walk to Josh’s office and when we got there, we all went inside, closing the door behind ourselves. Josh walked over to his desk and grabbed six files. He then walked back over to us. He handed Victor five of the files.
     “If you get a chance, look over those. You’ll see that they are very similar to Sarah’s case. Each one is a female between the age of seventeen and twenty-four. They were all found somewhere in the woods. They were hidden good but not so good that we couldn’t find them. All of the bodies were found within a week of their deaths. If you look, you’ll see that all of the victims were cut forty-nine times and then their wrists were slit. The slit wrists are the cause of death.”
     “That sounds just like this case.” Victor said. Both Josh and I shook our heads.
     “Well, Josh is right, there are differences.” He nodded and looked at Victor.
     “All of the other five victims were found in undergarments and had not been raped. Sarah was found naked and she was raped. There were no broken bones on the other victims but Sarah suffered a small, hairline fracture to her right tibia. Along with those factors, Sarah had been beaten. The other bodies hadn’t suffered a beating, just the cutting and then the slit wrists.” I felt myself shiver at the thought of all that Josh had just said. I hated thinking of Sarah going through all of that pain. I pulled myself together though and continued to listen. “Also, the other victims didn’t receive a note like you did, Vanessa. Sarah didn’t receive a note either. In fact, that note that you got was the first time the killer has ever spoken out to his target.” 
     “His pattern changed quite abruptly.” I murmured. Josh nodded, seemingly on the same page as I was on.
     “It did. There are a few theories I have for that.” 
     “And they are?”
     “One, the original killer got an accomplice. Two, the killer got bored of just killing so he took it up a notch to rape. Rape wasn’t enough so he wants to play games with his targets before they become his victims. Both of those theories would explain the sudden change in pattern.” I nodded.
     “Well, considering the fact that there were two men in my room, I think the whole accomplice thought is correct. If it was just the original killer in these five other cases, an accomplice would explain why Sarah’s death was so different. As wrong as it sounds, the accomplice would naturally want to add his own sense of style to the killing. That might be the rape and the note.” All of this tied back to James perfectly in my mind, all except the note. The note had to have been made by the original killer.
     “Well, that could be the case. If the whole boredom angle is correct though, I think we might want to look more into James. James had a thing for Sarah in the past but she never showed him the same affection. He could have been angry with her and she just might have been the target he saw fit to change his pattern on.”
     “But what about the note?” Victor asked. “James doesn’t have anything against Vanessa so why would he send her the note?”
     “Because rape wasn’t good enough for him. He wants to make a game out of this.” I shook my head in frustration.
     “Rape usually comes first. The assailant will rape his victims and then move onto killing, that’s the way it usually works. You rarely see someone kill and then digress to rape, that’s backwards. I don’t think you should focus on the boredom theory. There were two men in my room so I think the more logical theory is the accomplice one. ” Josh nodded slightly as he stared at me. I looked at him and something popped in my mind. “What if he’s the other killer?” I thought. “That would explain why he’s never gotten caught and that would explain the deflection from the accomplice theory. He wants to pin this on one person. Perhaps that is why he is now deciding that James is a suspect.” I felt scared now as I looked at the man. “He could very well be the original killer. He’s the right height, the right build. But, the other day he was defending James; why would he defend someone that could possibly get him off the hook for the crimes? Perhaps he was being defensive because he knew that James would tell on him if he got taken into custody. Maybe he was defensive because James is his accomplice… no, if that was the case then he wouldn’t be trying to pin this on James now. We hadn’t found Sarah’s body a few days ago though, there was no way he was going to get caught then. He can get caught now though so he’s trying to blame James for this.” I stared at him and felt my gaze turn into a glare. Josh looked confused with my look but he ignored it and looked at Victor.
     “Well, why don’t you take those files home, along with Sarah’s report.” He handed Victor the one other file he had in his hands and then Josh walked to the door. “I’m going to go find chief. Let me know if you find anything.” Victor nodded and then Josh left the room.
     When Victor and I were alone in the office, he looked at me but I didn’t speak.
     “Are you ok?” He wondered. I nodded a little, too deep in thought to converse with him.  
     “Yeah.” I babbled. He looked at me and I figured he thought I was sad about Sarah. Don’t get me wrong, I was sad about Sarah but that’s not what I was thinking about. I was unable to stop thinking about Josh. If he was the other man, no one would believe it. I wasn’t even one hundred percent sure it was him but it was the first lead I’d had.
     Victor and I took the files and we left the office and headed outside to the car. When we went outside, we were swarmed with people again. We ignored them and shoved our way through the crowd and to the car. We got into the car and then Victor began to drive home.
     When we got to the house, Victor parked the car and we got out and went inside. Don and Eddy were inside conversing. It was chilly outside so they were no doubt trying to warm up. Victor said hello to them and then we both sat down at the kitchen table. I was quiet, still deep in thought. Victor stared at me for a long moment and then he arose and began to make food. I watched him as he made Macaroni and Cheese. The meal was made quickly and then he poured some in a bowl and he handed it to me. I smiled gratefully at him and then I began to slowly eat it. As I ate, he sat next to me and spoke.
     “What’s on your mind?” He wondered. “Is it Sarah?” I shrugged.
     “Kind of.”
     “What is it?” I looked at him with a serious gaze. 
     “Could Josh be one of the killers?” I questioned. Victor seemed a little taken aback at first but after a few moments of thought, he looked just as curious as I felt.
     “I… I guess so. Wasn’t he one of the police officers that came to your room that night though?” I nodded.
     “Yes, he was, but I waited probably twenty minutes before calling the police. I was scared to leave my spot. That’s enough time for him to change out of his clothes and go back to the station.”
     “Why do you think it was him?” He wondered.
     “I don’t know. I guess it’s just because he was leaning so much on the boredom theory, he didn’t seem like he wanted to consider the fact that there was an accomplice.” I began to tell Victor all of the thoughts I had on this and after fifteen minutes, he believed Josh could be a suspect. Victor looked at me and frowned.
     “I guess it makes sense.” He said. “We’d have to check and see if he has an alibi for that night. Josh being one of the killers would make sense but I’m not sure if it’s correct.” I nodded a little.
     “Will you tell your uncle?” I hoped. He nodded.
     “Definitely, I’ll bring it up with him.” I half smiled at him, grateful. Victor stood up and I looked at him. “I’m going to go and talk to him. Will you be ok here for a while?” I nodded and looked at the many files that were on the table.
     “I’ll be fine, I’m just going to look these over.” He nodded and then he gave me a quick peck on the cheek. I smiled at him and then he left.
     When Victor was gone and I was done with my food, I cleaned up and then I began to read the files. Josh had been right about one thing, the cases were all very similar. The only thing he had failed to take note of was that all of the women had seemingly self-harmed. I tried to find similarities, not in the cases, but in the women. I wanted to know if any of them had similarities but the more I looked into it, the less similar these women appeared to be. They were all polar opposites. The six women from first to last killed were: Laura Cosby, Angel Nilsson, Georgia Ortega, Olivia Faires, Claudia Williams and Sarah Ellen. Laura and Olivia were wealthy, Angel and Georgia were poor, and Claudia and Sarah were middle class. All of their hair colors were different, all of their skin colors were different, and all of their eye colors were different. They all worked in different places and they all had completely different lives. The only thing all of these women had in common was that they all lived in Hanover, they all had self-harmed in the past and they were all around the same age when they died. Those were the immediate details that I noticed. However, I began to look more into their pasts to see if they had anything in common as children. For the most part there was nothing. The only thing that was similar between the women was that they had all graduated from the same high school. Their graduating from the same high school didn’t mean much though; Hanover was a small town, there weren’t a whole lot of schools one could attend here. After many hours of gathering information, I finally decided that the victims had to have been random. “There’s no way the killer picked these women because of similarities they had. The killer is either really lazy for not having a connection between the victims or really smart. There’s no connection because he doesn’t care who he kills or because he doesn’t want to get caught. Well… there’s the whole self-harm thing. The killer picks women who have self-harmed in the past and then he cuts them to death… that’s quite ironic, actually. Ok, so why do people self-harm?” I began to think of a list of reasons. “They’re insecure, they’re depressed, they want attention, they’re crying out for help, they don’t know how to deal with their emotions, those are all reasons why one would self-harm.” I thought over those and then I thought about the killer. “He’s someone who is insecure and needs to feel in control. Perhaps that’s why he cuts the women. They can’t do anything about it if they’re bound.” I shuttered at the thought. “What about me?” I wondered. “If the killer picks women who have self-harmed, he had to have known that I cut. Who have I told?” I thought hard and shook my head. “I didn’t tell James, I didn’t tell Josh, I told Victor, and Sarah knew about it… could Sarah have told someone when she was drunk? Could she have told someone when she was mad at me? Crap, she could have.” I shook my head in anger. “It could be anyone, I don’t know who knows. Did Pablo tell my mother and did my mother tell someone? That doesn’t seem likely.” I sighed and shook my head. I didn’t know how to connect these victims so I couldn’t figure out whom to start questioning. I began to think of all of the people that would want to harm me in Hanover and I could only think of James. “James is capable of harming people, I think. Maybe he’s the original killer.” I shook my head. “No, he’s not old enough. This first victim was killed in August of 2008, that was about seven years ago. James would have been thirteen or fourteen. Is that too young to kill someone?” I thought. “And, if James is the original killer, how does he relate to all of this? Does he relate to any of the victims?” I wondered. So that was the next thing I researched. 
     Around three in the afternoon, I had come to the conclusion that James was not related to any of the victims besides Sarah. This convinced me that he was the accomplice and not the original killer. So I was back to square one, with no information on the second man, and a terrible headache. I sighed in defeat and left the kitchen table.
     I went and got some Ibuprofen and some water and then I took the medicine, trying to get rid of my headache. Once I had taken the medicine, I went and sat down on the couch and began to watch TV. Victor was still not home, I found this to be odd but I figured what he was doing was important.
     Around four in the afternoon, Victor returned home and then I talked to him about everything I had discovered and decided on. When he was filled in on my information, he told me what he had discovered. Victor’s uncle had a press conference and he revealed to the press that Sarah had been found and was dead. He announced that this murder could be part of a string of unresolved murders. When the people had been filled in on what was going on, and the press conference was over, Victor had gone and talked to his uncle about Josh. Arnold found the whole Josh assumption to be ridiculous but he followed up on it anyway, just to be sure. They didn’t want to start anything with Josh so they hadn’t blatantly questioned him. Instead, they poked around, trying to find if Josh being a suspect was even possible. They found out that it was indeed a possibility. Josh had no alibi for the night Sarah died and for the night my dorm room got broken into. Victor said that his uncle was going to look more into it but for now, he was focusing on James. They planned to bring in James tomorrow morning and question him again. I was determined to be there for that but I wasn’t sure if I would be able to. James was supposed to come in at eleven and that is when my first class ended. I was going to try my best to make it to the interrogation.
     The rest of the day went by fast, I was so consumed in thoughts that time was disregarded. That night, I went to bed at eight p.m. and was not bothered until the morning.
     I woke at seven a.m. on the morning of Monday, November 9th. I got out of bed and I looked out the window. The sky was again blue and the snow had melted a lot yesterday. I figured tomorrow,   all that would be left of the snow was the places that the sun didn’t directly hit. I closed the blinds and then I got dressed and ready to go. I wore a long-sleeve tan shirt with thin black stripes going horizontally across the shirt. I wore a decorative black belt around my waist. I slid on some black leggings and then I put on a pair of tan boots that I owned. I then looked around for a scarf I could wear. I found the black one I had worn the other day and I put it on. I then went and fixed up my hair. I just brushed through it and then I left it alone. I put on some makeup and then I left my room and headed downstairs. When I got into the living room, I saw Victor sitting on the couch, looking at the files. He looked up at me before I could even announce my presence. I didn’t think I had been loud coming down the stairs so I wasn’t sure how he knew I was here; it didn’t matter though. I smiled at him and he smiled at me and stood up, setting the files on the couch.
     “Good morning.” He greeted. 
     “Morning.” I said as I walked over to him and gave him a hug. He hugged me and kissed my head and then we let go of each other. Victor and I both walked to the kitchen. I walked over to the fridge and grabbed out a yogurt. I then grabbed a spoon and began to eat.
     “Has your uncle found anything else out about Josh?” I hoped. He nodded. 
     “Unfortunately so. My uncle, instead of just poking around, questioned Josh. It turns out that he did have an alibi for both nights, we were wrong. He’s not the guy.” I frowned and shook my head, frustrated. 
     “Well now what?” I said angrily. Victor shrugged. 
     “I guess we just wait for James to be questioned, I can’t think of anything else we could do.” I nodded, knowing he was right. We were silent for a moment and then he spoke. “You have class from nine to eleven?” I nodded.
     “Yeah. I’m going to try and get from school to the station as fast as possible.”
     “Do you want me to drive you?” I shook my head. 
     “No, you should be there just in case I can’t make it in time. I’ll need you to tell me what he said and what happened.” Victor nodded and then we left it at that.
     So I ate my breakfast and then I got ready to go. Once it was time for me to leave, Victor walked me out to my car and then we said goodbye and I left.
     It was nice to go back to school, it gave me something to do, something to focus on. I turned in all of my homework for my first class and the professor gave his condolences to me about the death of Sarah. I hated being reminded about it even in school but it was what it was.
     When my first class was over, I hurriedly left the building and ran to my car, which was, unfortunately, a little ways away. When I got to my car, I got in and I headed to the police station. I got there at eleven fifteen and I parked. I was relieved to see that there were no reporters here today. I got out of my car and ran inside. I looked around, searching for Victor or Arnold or Josh. I saw none of them so I began to head to Arnold’s office. I had this horrible feeling that I was missing the interrogation. When I got to Arnold’s office, I saw Josh walking by. 
     “Josh!” I hollered. He looked at me and nodded. I ran up to him and spoke. “Is it over, did you question James already?” He shook his head.
     “No. Chief wants to be there but he got an important call that he had to take. He just got to the observation room and I’m heading to the interrogation room. Victor’s in the observation room, if you want to go to him.” I nodded and then Josh took me to the room. I thanked him and then I entered. 
     Victor and his uncle were in this room. Victor looked over at me and smiled. He walked up to me and gave me a quick kiss.
     “You made it just in time.” He enthused. “Josh hasn’t started yet.” I nodded.
     “Yeah, I saw him out there. He’s going in now.” I looked at Arnold. “Hi Arnold.” He nodded at me but his eyes were fixed on the mirror that he was looking out of. Victor and I walked over to the mirror and we looked into the room. I saw James sitting at a table with another man. I figured this to be his lawyer. I gulped a little, nervous that he had brought a lawyer. As I looked through the mirror, I saw Josh enter the room. He walked in and closed the door behind himself. He looked at James and James and his lawyer looked at him. Josh sat at the table, straight across from James. He laid a file down on the table and then he began to speak.
     “James Caplin, weren’t you here a few days ago?” James nodded. “For battery charges against Miss Howell, I remember.” Josh stared at him intensely. 
     “You guys also questioned me about the disappearance of Sarah Ellen. I told you everything I knew so why in the world am I here again?”
     “Because your past actions make you a viable suspect. You see, we found Sarah’s body and there’s more we need to question you on.”
     “You guys have already questioned me.” 
     “That was before we found Sarah.” Josh repeated.
     “No, it was right after you guys found her. Miss Howell and Victor Malorne came to see me and they questioned me. Actually, scratch questioned me, they were basically accusing me of being the killer.”
     “They what?” Josh hissed. 
     “You what!” Arnold asked angrily. Victor and I looked at him at a loss for words. Luckily for us, James’ talking pulled all of us back into observation.
     “Vanessa and Victor came to my apartment and they were waiting for me when I got home. I invited them in to be polite and then they told me about Sarah’s death. I was… I was so sad to hear about it and they instantly began to accuse me of trying to harm Vanessa and they began to say that I was the killer.”
     “Well… I… we were unaware that Victor and Miss Howell did that. I assure you, we will deal with them accordingly, but as it is, they are not the police.”
     “No,” James’ lawyer said, “They are not the police but, as it is,” the lawyer said mimicking Josh, “Victor Malorne is Arnold Malorne’s nephew. For all my client knows, the Chief of Police could have sent Victor down to unofficially question him. And as for Miss Howell, she is a victim in this case, a civilian. Why she is even allowed to be in on this case is a mystery that I would be obliged to look into.”
     “I assure you, Miss Howell is not in on this case.”
     “Then why was she going around questioning my client, doing your job?”
     “Sarah Ellen was Miss Howell’s best friend; it’s only natural for her to want answers.” The lawyer sat up a little straighter. 
     “Be that as it may but it does not excuse the fact that my client is being harassed. Do you indeed have any proof that my client is related to this case?” Josh didn’t answer. The lawyer shook his head. “If you have no factual proof then I am going to go back to my office and fill out a paper claiming that the police are harassing Mr. James Caplin.”
     “We’re harassing him? What have we done other than kindly ask him to come in for questioning?” 
     “You have deliberately dwelt on the fact that my client ‘accidentally’ assaulted Miss Howell. You brought up the battery charge today and said that that makes him a viable suspect even though those charges have been dropped. You are harassing my client.” Josh didn’t say anything. I knew that his argument was over and I felt like crap. “Officer, do you have any factual proof pinning James Caplin to this murder?” Josh shook his head.
     “No.” The lawyer smiled and nodded.
     “Right then, seeing as to the fact that my client is not under arrest and has not been arrested, we are going to leave and I’m going to go fill out that paper. I’ll have it here by morning tomorrow. I’d appreciate it if you would not call in my client again unless you have factual evidence or are able to conjure up a warrant for his arrest, which you will still need hard evidence to receive.” The lawyer and James stood up and then they began to walk to the door. Before they exited, James looked up at the mirror. It was like he could see straight through it. He flashed a triumphant grin at us and then he and his lawyer left Josh sitting alone in the room.
     When James and his lawyer were gone, I knew that I was in trouble. I felt Arnold’s eyes glued to me and I watched as Josh got up and exited the room, slamming the door behind him. I looked from the mirror to Victor and I could tell that he was just as nervous as I was. We exchanged a look and then the door flew open and Josh came in, closing it behind himself. Once Josh was in the room, he looked at me and Victor, but mostly at me.
     “What happened?” He asked slowly, trying to contain his rage.
     “With James?” Victor inquired.
     “No with Charlie Brown and his punk ass Christmas tree.” Victor nodded, knowing that this wasn’t the time to play dumb. I didn’t want Victor to have to deal with this so I spoke up.
     “It was my fault.” I said. Everyone turned to look at me. “That morning that I called you, I wanted to go and talk to James but you said no. I got frustrated so I convinced Victor to go with me. He didn’t know that you said I couldn’t go.” Victor was about to say something but I cast him a look that demanded he not speak. He scowled at me but I ignored him and looked back at Josh, who was pissed. 
     “Do you realize that your little act of disobedience resulted in us losing any chance we had at arresting James? We can’t question him unless we have hard proof and we won’t have hard proof unless we question him. I didn’t even want to question James in the first place if you will recall, it was your idea, your request. I did it because I want to find the jackasses that killed all of these women. I hope you realize that you basically just gave James a Get Out of Jail Free card. The only way we can catch James is if he is the one that raped Sarah. DNA results come in tomorrow but now we won’t be able to get DNA samples from James. He has none on record so we would have to get a warrant to get his DNA samples and there’s no way a judge is going to pass the warrant if he knows there’s a harassment claim from James. We would need solid evidence to get that warrant and unfortunately, we don’t have any. So now we’re down to this, if he is one of the killers, there is no way we’re going to be able to catch him without finding the other killer. Since there is no evidence pointing to a second killer, we’re stuck.” Josh stopped speaking and then Arnold spoke up.
     “If James was the killer, Vanessa, he basically just got away with it unless we can find some proof connecting him to this murder. We can’t get a sample of his DNA to connect it to the DNA found in Sarah so we can’t connect him to the rape which is basically the only thing we had going for us. I can’t begin to tell you how irresponsible your actions were!” Arnold looked at Victor. “You too Victor. What were you thinking letting her go?” No one spoke. Arnold shook his head and looked back at me. “Vanessa, you are quite fortuitous that I’m not arresting you for interfering with a police investigation. Instead of having you arrested, I’m taking you off the case.” My eyes widened at this comment. “You are no longer allowed to look at files and you are no longer permitted to ask us questions about this case. You are no longer permitted to do anything related to this case. You are a target and a civilian and from here on out, you will be treated as such. If I find you trying to question James or even talk to him about this case I will arrest you. If I see you coming here, asking to help or asking about this case, I will arrest you.” I felt my heart drop at his harsh words. Arnold looked from me to Victor. “The same applies for you. I don’t want you on this case and I especially don’t want you talking to James. Are we clear?” Victor nodded.
     “Yes sir.” Arnold looked from Victor to me and then he shook his head. 
     “Go home you two.” Josh stepped out of the way and then Victor and I slowly left the room. 
     We walked through the station, trying to get out of here before people knew what had happened. We walked out to the parking lot and we stopped at Victor’s car. Victor looked at me and frowned.
     “I’m sorry, Vanessa.” I shook my head.
     “No, no, you told me that we shouldn’t go, I made you go. Don’t be sorry.”
     “I shouldn’t have let you go.” I shrugged. 
     “I’m sorry that you got in trouble with your uncle.” He shrugged too.
     “He’ll get over it, it’s not the first time I’ve screwed up.” I chuckled and then I looked in my car at my book bag. I shook my head, remembering that I had another class to go to. I sighed and looked at Victor. 
     “Let’s go somewhere.” I randomly said. He looked a little confused.
     “You have class in forty-five minutes.” I shook my head.
     “I’m not gonna go. Let’s go somewhere, just you and me.” He looked a little conflicted but he finally nodded.
     “Alright, where do you want to go?” He wondered.
     “Somewhere there are no people. I don’t want to talk to people, I don’t want to deal with people, I want to just forget about people all together.” He thought for a moment and then he nodded.
     “Alright.” He grabbed my hand and then we began to walk to his car.
     When we got to Victor’s car, we got in and then we buckled up and he began to drive.
_____________________________________________________

     Vanessa and I had been driving for only ten minutes. She needed to get away from everything. This past week had been so enervating and traumatizing, she just needed a break. I didn’t know my way around Hanover all that well; I was still new here. I tried to think of a place that we could go where we could just think but nothing came to mind. After a while of thinking, I remembered a park that I had passed by once. It wasn’t used any more by the looks of it. There were weeds surrounding the ground and the jungle gym was old and worn out. I figured no one would be there so that is where I was headed. 
     Vanessa didn’t speak in the car; she wore a look that made it seem like she couldn’t speak even if she wanted to. I loved having her around but I hated driving with her. I didn’t mind that she didn’t talk, in fact, it was refreshing. I hated driving with her because I wanted to just look at her. What she lacked in words, she made up for in facial expressions. Sometimes I felt like I could just stare at her and figure out what she was thinking. I cast a quick look at her and I knew that she was deep in thought about something big. I looked back at the road begrudgingly and then I saw the park up ahead. 
     I pulled into the small dirt lot and then I put my car in park. I looked around and realized that this place was a dump; I wasn’t sure if she would even want to be here. I looked at her as she looked out of the window. Her eyes scanned the place and then a look of approval entered her eyes. She looked at me and smiled.
     “Did you use to come here when you were a kid?” She inquired. I shook my head.
     “No, it was built after my time.” She nodded and then we both got out of the car. I closed my door and when she closed hers I locked the car. It was a little chilly out so I opened the trunk and grabbed a blanket in case she got cold. I closed the trunk and then I walked over to her side of the car and then we looked around. There was the old jungle gym, a large tube on the ground that kids could crawl through, a swing set, and an old tree house in a large tree. I looked at her and she smiled and looked at me.
     “Thank you, this is nice.” I smiled at her and then we walked over to the swings. Vanessa looked at the swings and then she cautiously sat down on one. The swing set seamed sturdy so she began to swing a little. As she swung, she looked at ease, peaceful. I decide to swing too so I put the folded blanket in my jacket and then I sat down on the thing and began to mimic her movements. I hadn’t been on a swing in decades. I understood why Vanessa looked so happy now; there was something peaceful about the movements of the swing. I looked at her as we swung and then she looked at me. She sighed and then she looked away.
     “I feel really dumb, Victor. If James is one of the killers, we can’t do anything to catch him.” I shook my head.
     “We’ll catch him.” I said reassuringly. She smiled a little and then she looked down at her feet.
     We swung in silence for a few minutes before Vanessa got bored. She let go of the handles and flew off of the swing. I wanted to run and catch her to make sure she didn’t injure herself but I couldn’t without her freaking out. One of the problems with pretending I was human around her was that I couldn’t do anything that would make her think I wasn’t human. It was hard to do but she was worth it. I watched as she landed on her feet and she began to walk over to the jungle gym. I let go of the handles and jumped off too. I then walked over to her and watched as she looked at the unstable play thing. She wasn’t as adventurous with this as she had been with the swings; she didn’t dare go on it. So she kept walking and I walked with her. She looked at the tube on the ground and saw that it was full of weeds. She then looked at the old treehouse and I could tell that she was curious about it. 
     We walked over to the tree that held the treehouse and Vanessa looked at me.
     “Do you think it would break if we sat in it?” She wondered. I looked at it and was pretty sure it would fall.
     “Probably.” She frowned and looked at the ladder that was perched against the tree. She touched it with her foot but nothing happened. I knew that she was going to try and climb up so I put my hand out to stop her. “Whoa, wait!” She looked at me and I looked at the ladder. I scooted her to the side and then I placed my foot on the ladder. I put all of my weight on it but it didn’t break. The ladder creaked but was otherwise sturdy. So I began to climb to the top. When I was at the top of the ladder, I moved the curtain that acted as a door. I had expected an animal to run out or something but nothing did. I looked inside and saw that it was basically empty. There was a dusty rug inside on the floor and a few cigarette butts on the ground. I now knew that this place was sturdy because people did indeed come here. With my newfound knowledge, I climbed into the treehouse and felt the boards with my feet. It creaked a little but was safe. I nodded and then looked down at Vanessa. She was looking up at me curiously. 
     “It’s safe.” I informed her. She smiled and then she began to climb the ladder. When she got to the top, I gave her my hand and then I pulled her up and in. When she was inside, I closed the curtain. Vanessa smiled and looked around. She saw the cigarette butts on the ground and nodded. She looked at me.
     “Do you smoke?” She asked. I chuckled and shook my head. 
     “No, do you?” 
     “I tried it in high school but I didn’t like it.” I nodded and then we sat down with our backs against the wall opposite the door. I pulled the blanket out of my coat and set it in-between us. We looked at each other and then she spoke again. “Do you want to play a game?” She asked. I chuckled. 
     “Sure.” She smiled. 
     “Alright, we’re gonna play Never Have I Ever.” 
     “Oh, and how is that going to work?” I questioned.
     “I’ll say something I’ve never done and if you’ve done it you… um…” She was at a loss for words. “Um, I don’t know.” 
     “How about, if the person has done it they have to kiss the other person.” Her cheeks turned red and she smiled and looked down. A small giggle escaped her mouth and then she looked at me and nodded. 
     “Alright, but it can’t be obvious stuff.” I nodded and then she began. “Alright, never have I ever done drugs.” She looked at me expectantly but I didn’t kiss her. “Nice.” I smiled and then spoke.
     “Never have I ever kissed a guy.” I joked. She scowled at me but she leaned in and kissed me. I smiled as she pulled back. 
     “I said not obvious stuff.” She reminded me. I shrugged.
     “I just wanted to throw that out there.” She shook her head and then she spoke.
     “Never have I ever drank alcohol.” I leaned in and kissed her. She looked at me curiously.
     “Did you drink before you were twenty-one or after?” 
     “After.” She nodded. “Never have I ever had a twin.” She glared at me. I ignored her look and puckered my lips. I felt her lips lay on mine and then a moment later and then I opened my eyes. She shook her head at me and spoke.
     “Never have I ever killed anybody.” She said in a joking manner. I froze. “Oh shit…” I thought. “I have killed people. Just don’t kiss her.” I didn’t kiss her. She chuckled. “Sorry, you were doing obvious ones so I thought I’d do one.” I half smiled and tried to move on as fast as possible.
     “Never have I ever gone to a high school dance.” She didn’t kiss me. I stared at her. “You never went to a dance?” I asked, shocked. She shook her head.
     “No, I’ve never had anyone to go with.” She cast a disbelieving look at me. “You’ve never been to a dance?” I shook my head. My high school days were far behind me. She looked shocked but she moved on.
     “Never have I ever been arrested.” I didn’t kiss her but I chuckled.
     “You got pretty close today.” I teased. She nodded.
     “I know… was your uncle serious about arresting me?” I shook my head.
     “I’m not sure. I don’t think he was.” She nodded and then I went. “Never have I ever not been out of the country.” She leaned over and kissed me. I smiled and then she paused, hesitating on her question. I stared at her. “What?” I asked. She shook her head.
     “I have one but it’s kind of rude I guess… I don’t know.” I shrugged. 
     “What is it?” She looked like she really wanted to say it and really wanted not to say it at the same time. She gave in though.
     “Um… never have I ever had sex.” I paused and frowned. I looked at her with sad eyes and shook my head.
     “I’m not going to kiss you for that one.” I muttered. I expected her to seem let down or sad but she didn’t look the way I had imagined. She looked curious but not sad.
     “Who was it with?” She asked quietly.
     “I’ve only had sex with one person; it was with my first girlfriend. I was younger and stupid and I just didn’t think it through.”
     “What happened?” 
     “She ended up getting pregnant and her parents were old fashioned, they disowned her.” 
     “Did you help her?” She hoped. I nodded a little.
     “I wanted to but she…” I exhaled deeply and shook my head. “She killed herself while she was pregnant. Both she and the baby died.” I paused and thought back to that time. It had happened in the year of 1891. The girl had been my first love and I wanted to marry her. Her father forbid us to do so; we had run away and lived together out of wedlock. Her father eventually caught up to us and he had beaten the crap out of me and left me for dead in the woods where we had lived. He took my love with him when he left. When I was in the woods, basically dead, one of Dedrick’s vampires found me and turned me into a vampire and gave me to him. When I was able to, I went and found my love’s family and I discovered that she and the baby had not survived childbirth. I hadn’t had sex after that because I had felt guilty for what had happened.
     I looked at Vanessa’s face, seeing if she believed my lie. She did. 
     “Victor, I’m sorry.” She muttered. I shook my head.
     “It was my fault, I shouldn’t have done it.” She frowned and looked down.
     “My sister got pregnant a few years ago. She had been sleeping with her boyfriend and she got pregnant. We’ve never gotten along but she came to me crying and I remember her telling me what had happened. I was there for her and I told her not to tell my mom. She listened for a while but after a time, my mom started noticing that she was gaining weight and she told her that she had to go on a diet if she wanted to continue being a model for her clothing line. My sister thought it would be safe to tell her so she told my mom and my mom freaked out. She didn’t want the press to catch wind of it, she didn’t want anyone to know.” Vanessa paused and shook her head sadly. “My mom made Giselle go to the abortion clinic and abort the baby. She told her that if she didn’t, she couldn’t live in the house and she couldn’t work for her any more. She told her that she had to go live with her boyfriend. Her boyfriend had broken up with her so she had nowhere to go. I told my sister that I would get an apartment with the money I had and that we could live there so she wouldn’t have to get rid of the baby. We were seventeen at the time. Giselle didn’t want that though, she didn’t want to lose the money she had and the nice house she lived in.” I saw a tear form in Vanessa’s eye and then it trickled down her face. “She went and got the abortion done. Her body healed but she never really got better. I remember after she had the abortion done, she came to me, weeping. She said that she regretted doing it and she wanted to take it back.” She shook her head and shrugged. “We can’t take back the things we’ve done. I can’t take back harming myself, you can’t take back getting your girlfriend pregnant, Giselle can’t take back that baby’s life. We just have to learn from the mistakes we make.” She said as another tear fell from her eye. I stared at her and I felt a hot burning feeling inside of me. It wasn’t anger or thirst, it was passion, love. I hadn’t felt that in a long time. I wanted so badly for her to know how I felt. I wanted so badly to tell her what I was and who I was. I wanted her to know how I thirsted for her blood and how I craved making her my mate. I couldn’t though, not yet. It wasn’t the right place or the right time. One day I would be able to tell her what I was but for now, being here with her was enough.
     























Chapter 16 

     Victor and I sat in the tree house for three hours. We had thrown the blanket that Victor had brought with him over us to shield us from the icy wind that was blowing through the small cracks in the walls. For the three hours we were there, we just talked. We talked about life, about death, about mistakes and about the good things. For those few short hours I was able to tune out my crazy life and forget about the troubles outside of this place. I didn’t know what it was but it was calming up here. I was able to look down upon the run down park and feel safe where I was. Logically, I knew this was stupid; the only thing that separated us from the ground was fifteen feet and a ladder. Still, I was content in this place.
     At five p.m., Victor and I realized that it was time for us to leave so we folded up the warm blanket and we left the tree house. We walked through the weeds and to the car and then we got in and buckled up. As we drove home, Victor and I began to talk about what had happened at the police station, snapping back into reality. We talked until we got home and then we gathered up all of the files and papers we had written out and worked on. I figured I would just give it all to the police, they could probably use the little information I had gathered. After that, Victor put the files in his uncle’s room and then we went to the store and grocery shopped. It didn’t take too long, we didn’t need much. It was nice to grocery shop, it felt normal. Once we were done, we went to the police station and picked up my car. Once I had my car, we went home and put everything away. After that, I began to do my laundry and then I made some dinner. After dinner, I put my laundry in the dryer and then Victor and I watched TV until the clothes were dry. I then folded them and by that time it was nine-thirty p.m. I took all of my clothes up to my room and then I went to bed.
     On Tuesday morning, November 10th, I woke up and got ready to go to class. I took a shower, dressed and then I ate some breakfast. I still had some time to kill so I talked to Victor for a while. He decided that he wanted to take me out to lunch after my class so I agreed. 
     When it was time to go to school, Victor drove me and walked me to class. We said goodbye and then I went in to class. Today was basically the same as yesterday. The professor expressed her condolences and the students talked about me while my back was turned. I hated being the center of attention but, as it was, I was all they could talk about. At least the professor was able to be mature about it and actually teach us.
     By the time my class was over, I was ready to just go home and cry. I remembered my lunch with Victor though and I cheered up a little. Just the thought of seeing him cleared my frazzled mind and put a smile on my face. When the professor dismissed us, I was the first one out of there. I quickly gather up my items and I practically ran out the door. When I got outside, I saw Victor waiting for me. He smiled at me and I smiled back. He grabbed my hand and then we began to walk to the parking lot.
     “How was class?” He asked. I shrugged and looked down.
     “It was fine. The professor was good, she asked how I was.” He nodded.
     “What about the students?” I chuckled and looked up at him.
     “They all talk about me when they think I can’t hear them.” He frowned.
     “What do they say?”
     “I think they think I’m some kind of a freak because of all of this. They don’t even seem sorry for Sarah.” He shook his head, frustrated. 
     “Don’t listen to them, they’re all idiots.” I laughed and gave him a kiss. He kissed me back and then we continued walking to the car.
     Victor and I got to the car and then we got in and he began to drive to a restaurant. When we got there, we ate and then we drove back to the house. When we got home, I got my car and then I headed to work. I was relieved to go to work merely because I was glad to see Daniel. I hadn’t seen him since last week so I was happy that I was going to see him. I was sure he knew about Sarah by now so I left for work a little early so I could talk to him. 
     When I got to the restaurant, I parked my car and then I got out and headed inside. I walked straight to Daniel’s office and then I knocked on the closed door. A moment later, it opened and I saw Daniel. He half smiled at me, clearly upset. I returned the smile and then I walked into his office. He closed the door behind us and looked at me. 
     “Hey, how are you holding up?” He asked. I shook my head and looked at him.
     “Not good. You?” He shook his head too.
     “Not good.”
     “You heard about Sarah?” I checked. He nodded.
     “Yeah, I did.” A long sigh escaped his mouth. “I’ll tell you, Vanessa, it’s hard to know that she’s dead. I watched her grow up; I’ve known her for seven years. She was my student in high school and then my employee here. It’s hard.” I frowned and looked down. I knew that this had to be just as hard for him as it was for me. Perhaps he was more sad about Sarah because he had known her for longer, I wasn’t sure.
     “I’m sorry, Daniel.” I muttered helplessly. He shook his head.
     “I’m sorry for you, I know that you two were close.” I nodded and looked at him.
     “Yeah, we were. It’s ok though.” He pat my shoulder and then he walked over to his desk and looked back at me.
     “Are you sure you’re ready to start back to work?” He asked, just making sure.
     “Yeah, I want to work, it’ll give me something to focus on, something to do.” He nodded.
     “Alright, well I’ll be here if you need anything, alright.” I nodded and turned around. “Oh and, I might warn you that all of the employees have been talking about you. They’re going to coddle you.”
     “Ok, thank you.” He nodded and then sat back down in his chair.
     I walked out of Daniel’s office and then I closed the door behind me. I went and clocked in and then I began to work. Sure enough, Daniel had been right when he said the employees would coddle me. Everyone was hovering and they wanted to help me and they were making sure I was ok every ten minutes. I now regretted coming here. After a few hours, most of the people backed off but it wasn’t only them that were acting like that. The people that I would serve would see me and say stuff like, “Oh my goodness, you’re the poor girl from the news. I’m so sorry my dear.” And, “You’re Vanessa Howell, I can only imagine what you’re going through right now.” I wouldn’t have minded the customers acting like this except they wanted to talk to me and make sure I was fine. So I did a lot more talking than I normally would have but it all paid off. You see, the customers’ concern showed in their attitudes toward me and in their tips. I conveniently received larger amounts of tip money. The day had been horrible and work had been horrible but I easily made one hundred dollars more than usual.
     During the end of the night, I was on one of the last orders I was taking for the night. I went into the kitchen to give the order to the cook and then something happened. As I gave the order to the cook, Lynette was washing her hands. She turned off the water and then she dried her hands. As she went to walk away, she failed to see the puddle of water on the floor and she walked right through it. I watched as Lynette slipped, I was unable to say anything because it had happened too fast. She fell to the ground and I dropped the notepad I had written the order on and ran to her aide. I held out my hand and she took it; I pulled her up. Her face looked shocked. I stared at her curiously, making sure she was alright.
     “Are you ok?” I exclaimed. She nodded a little. 
     “Yeah.” She rubbed her lower back and shook her head. “Just my luck, right?” I shook my head, sorry for her and watched as she looked at her hand. She shook her head as well and showed me her hand. There was a large, heart shaped indent on it. I stared at it wonderingly and then I realized what it was. Lynette wore a bracelet with a heart charm on it. When she had fallen, her hand had landed on the heart charm, making an indent in her skin that resembled the shape of the charm. 
     “Ouch.” I said as I stared at it. She nodded and rubbed her hand a little.
     “Just my luck.” She repeated. I chuckled.
     “Are you sure you’re ok?” She nodded.
     “Yeah, I’m fine, thank you sweet heart.” I smiled at her and then she slowly walked away. 
     I went and retrieved my notepad and then I finished working for the night. The whole time I worked from there on out, I couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened to Lynette. I thought about the heart-shaped indent on her hand and I wasn’t sure why it stuck with me.
     When my shift was over, I clocked out and then I headed to my car. I got into it and locked the doors and buckled up. As I reached for the heater knob, my sleeve came up a little and I saw the remainder of the bruise James had given me. I stared at it for a second and then I thought about Lynette’s hand. I rolled my sleeve up some more and I stared at the bruise. “A bruise is a mark, just like Lynette’s…” I thought about the pictures of Sarah that I had seen in the coroner’s report and I thought of all of the contusions that were on her. One in particular stood out in my mind. “That one bruise on her arm was weird… it kind of looked like mine.” I stared at my bruise and then it clicked in my mind. “Oh my gosh, that contusion on Sarah wasn’t from rope or anything, it was a hand print… in the same general place as mine.” I felt a small smile form on my face. “Got you.” I thought about James as I hurriedly pulled my phone out of my pocket. I quickly dialed Victor and he picked up after a few rings.
     “Hello?” He asked.
     “Victor, I’m sorry to call you, I know it’s late but I know how to prove something about James. Is your uncle home?”
     “Yeah, he came home. What did you find?” I shook my head.
     “I’ll tell you when I get home. Get your uncle to grab Sarah’s autopsy report and tell him this is important.” 
     “Ok. Are you leaving work?” 
     “Yes.” 
     “Alright, I’ll see you in a few minutes.” 
     “Alright.” I hung up the phone and shoved it back into my purse. I then started the car and began to drive to the house. 
     I got home relatively fast. I parked my car and then I grabbed my bag and got out. I hastily ran into the house and when I entered, I saw Victor and his uncle sitting on the couch. I closed and locked the front door and then I went and sat by the guys. Arnold looked a little irritated but he was here so it didn’t matter if he was happy or not. I looked at Victor and then at his uncle.
     “Arnold, I’m sorry, I swear I wouldn’t have had Victor get you if it wasn’t extremely important.” He didn’t say or do anything, he just stared at me expectantly. I cleared my throat and then I rolled up my sleeve and showed Arnold my wrist. I pointed at my bruise. “Ok, this is the bruise that James gave me when he grabbed me. Do you see how it looks like a hand?” He nodded a little and stared at it. I pointed at the coroner’s report that was on the small coffee table. “May I?” I asked. He nodded sternly and slid it toward me. I grabbed it and opened it to the page that the picture of Sarah’s arm was. I gave the file to him and pointed at the contusion. “Look, do you see that bruise on Sarah’s arm?” He nodded a little and Victor looked over Arnold’s shoulder at the picture. “The coroner thought that it was maybe rope but it wasn’t. It’s a handprint, just like the one on my arm.” Victor and Arnold looked from the picture, to my arm and then back to the picture.
     “She’s right.” Victor said. Arnold nodded a little.
     “Yeah, it is a hand print but I don’t know what you expect us to do with it.” 
     “The coroner measured it. What if you measured the bruise I have and compare it to the one on Sarah? Obviously James isn’t going to let you measure his hand so you can measure the bruise he gave me.” 
     “It could be the same.” Victor murmured. I nodded. 
     “It could be the same. If the bruise on my arm is the same size as the bruise on Sarah’s arm than we might be able to tie that to James.” Arnold laughed.
     “We can’t charge the kid for murder just because his handprint matches the size of one found on a dead girl.” I shook my head.
     “No, you can’t, but if you add the same size and the fact that the bruise is basically in the same place on both of our arms, you might just have enough to get a warrant to get James’ DNA sample. Once you have that sample then you can compare it to the DNA found in Sarah.” Both Victor and Arnold nodded.
     “And if it’s not the same?” Arnold wondered. I bit my lip and shook my head.
     “Then I guess we’re back to square one. I don’t see how it can hurt to try this though, it’s not like you have anything else to go off of.” Arnold looked a little conflicted so Victor spoke up.
     “I know you’re mad at us for what we did, Uncle, but please don’t ignore this, please just measure the bruise on Vanessa.” Arnold looked at Victor, whose eyes were pleading and then he sighed and nodded. 
     “Victor, go get a measuring tape for me.” Victor nodded and then he left.
     Victor came back a minute later with a measuring tape and then Arnold took it and began to measure the bruise. My bruise was fading so it was kind of hard to determine where it started and where it ended. He did it though and when he was done, we were surprised with the outcome.
     “It measures 7.36 inches in length and 4.25 inches in width.” I half smiled and looked at Arnold.
     “It’s James.” I said surely. He nodded his head a little. 
     “It’s a little off but here’s what we’re going to do, we’ll go down to the station and have them measure the bruise officially and we’ll see if they get any closer. The bruise is a little faded so we have to take that into consideration.” Arnold nodded at me. “This could be it.” I smiled and then we all stood up. “You guys head down to the station, I’ll be right behind you.” We nodded and then we all left the house for the police department.
     When we got there, we all parked and then we went into the station. Arnold instantly got someone to measure my bruise and then they put the measurements on file. They finally came to the conclusion that my bruise was 7.38 inches in length and 4.28 inches in width. When they added in the fading, they came up with 7.40 inches in length and 4.30 inches in width. When we had matched the handprint to the one on Sarah, Arnold called in Josh. They then began to put together the evidence, getting ready to take it to a judge.
     When the file was put together and was ready, Josh took it to the judge. When he left, Arnold told me and Victor to go home. We listened and went back to the house. I then went to bed, exhausted from the long day.
     I woke at ten a.m. on the Morning of Wednesday, November 11th. I was exhausted; I had only received about five hours of sleep the previous night. I wanted to turn off my alarm clock and just sleep some more but I knew that I had school today. So I forced myself out of bed and then I began to get ready for the day. The whole morning, as I went around doing my thing, I wondered if Josh had gotten the warrant to get a DNA sample from James. I hoped that he did because that was the only thing that we had at the moment and we needed it to come through.
     Victor wasn’t here this morning so I just did my thing and then I left for school. When I got there, the same cycle as the previous days occurred. The professor talked to me, the students talked about me; I mostly ignored it.
     At two p.m., my class was over so I went straight home and started on my homework. Victor was there and he told me that he hadn’t heard anything from his uncle. That disappointed me but I figured we wouldn’t hear anything unless James got arrested.
     So I worked on homework until it was time to leave for work. When it was time to leave, I said goodbye to Victor and then I headed to work. Today was pretty much the same as yesterday, minus my coworkers hovering over me. At first they were a little obsessive but it didn’t last as long as the day before. The customers were the same though, they talked to me and then left me ridiculous amounts of tip money. I liked the money but I wasn’t sure if it was worth the effort of talking to all of these people.
     When it was time for me to leave, I clocked out and went home. Victor was up, awaiting my return. I wondered if that boy ever slept, I had never seen an opportunity for him to sleep. He had just stayed up to make sure I got home safely. When I asked him about James, he said that he hadn’t heard anything about him. So I, disappointed, went to bed, wondering what had happened.
     I woke up the next morning, Thursday, November 12th and I got ready for school. I showered, did my hair, my makeup and then I went downstairs to eat some breakfast. When I got down the stairs, I found Victor in the kitchen; he was cooking food. When I entered the kitchen, he looked back at me and smiled. 
     “Hey.” I returned the gaze and then I sat down at the table.
     “Good morning.” Victor grabbed a plate and poured the food onto it. He then put a fork on the plate and gave it to me. I looked at him curiously. He smiled again.
     “I made you some breakfast.” I looked at the food and then at him, grateful.
     “Thank you.” I stammered, surprised with this action. He nodded and then he sat down by me. I began to eat the food and then he spoke.
     “So, my uncle got home last night and he told me what was going on.”
     “What happened?” I exclaimed. 
     “The judge passed the warrant so yesterday morning. Josh was able to get a DNA sample from him.” I smiled.
     “And then what?”
     ‘Well they sent in the sample and they received the DNA results from Sarah. Last I talked to my uncle they were just waiting for James’ DNA sample to return.” I knew that I shouldn’t have been so happy about this, but I was. I was excited that we were going to catch him, I was happy that in a matter of hours he would be behind bars. What I was not happy about was that the other killer was still out there. As far as I knew, they hadn’t even found any evidence pointing to a second killer. The only hope we had was that James would tell us who the other killer was. I looked at Victor seriously.
     “I have class today, but if you find anything out before I get back, will you call me and tell me?” He nodded.
     “Of course.” I smiled at him and then I finished eating my food.
     When my meal was done, I was just about ready to leave. So I gathered up my books and papers and then I said goodbye to Victor and left.
     My first class went by very fast, I was too distracted to pay attention though. I had no clue what the professor had lectured on for two hours because I was too deep in thought. I was busy thinking about James and how good it felt to have caught him. I knew that I was counting my chickens before they hatched because the DNA results hadn’t all come in yet. I didn’t need the results though, I knew that it was him. So I celebrated our small victory. The only problem I could see was that even when the results came in matching the DNA to James, they couldn’t arrest him for murder. The only proof of anything that they had was proof that he raped Sarah. They couldn’t prove that James killed her. “Isn’t it likely that he killed her though?” I thought. “I mean, come on, if he raped her, surely he had something to do with her murder. There were two guys, anyone would have to think that he was one of the men… right?” That thought troubled and scared me. I wanted James put away for murder but if all they could pin on him was rape, well, that wasn’t good enough.
     When my class was over, I left the building and instantly pulled out my phone. I looked at the screen and saw that I had a missed call and I had a voicemail. I had missed the call no longer than twenty minutes ago. I went straight to my voicemail and I listened to the message.
     “Vanessa, it’s Victor. Hey, my uncle called me and the DNA test came in. It was a match. My uncle and Josh got a warrant to arrest James and just headed out to get him. I don’t know if you can but you should come to the station before they get back with him. You got him, Vanessa, you did it. I’ll see you in a little. I love you.” I heard a click and then the message ended. I felt a huge smile form on my face as I thought of how surprised James would be when he saw the police at his front door. I shook off my pleasure and then I ran to my car. 
     I drove to the station as fast as I could. When I got there, I parked my car and looked around. There were reporters everywhere. I nodded, knowing that they knew that someone had been brought in. I didn’t have Victor with me this time to help me through the crowd of people so I bit the bullet and got out of the car. 
     As I walked to the building, some of the reporters saw me and they all swarmed me like bees. I wanted to just push them but I knew that wouldn’t be good. So instead, I made my way through the crowd and into the building. 
    When I was inside, I looked around for Victor. The place was abnormally still and quiet. I wondered why. So I made my way through the station and to Arnold’s office. No one was there so I went to Josh’s office. He wasn’t there either so I went back to the observation room. I felt weird just going in so I knocked first. I waited a minute and then someone opened the door and looked at me. I didn’t recognize the person. 
     “I’m looking for Chief Malorne.” I said quietly. The officer nodded and looked into the room.
     “Chief.” He said. I heard some footsteps and then Arnold looked out of the door at me. He nodded and opened the door all the way, inviting me in. I walked in and saw Victor standing on the far side of the room, looking through the mirror. I went and stood by him and then he looked at me and smiled. He pointed down in the room. I looked and saw James, his lawyer and Josh. They were all talking so I quietly began to observe.
     “We found your DNA in Sarah Ellen. You raped her, James.” James didn’t speak. Josh glared at him and shook his head. “Did you kidnap Sarah Ellen?” No response. “Did you help kidnap her?” No response. “Did you kill Sarah Ellen?” Still, James remained silent. Josh shook his head. “You know what James, you can be as silent as you want but let me fill you in on what that is going to do for you. Right now in the Sarah Ellen case and in Miss Howell’s case, you are the only suspect we have. If you don’t talk and answer my questions, well, you can imagine that makes you look pretty guilty. If you answer my questions then we’ll know if this was all you or if it was you and someone else. If you don’t speak though then we’re going to assume that you are the only killer and that means we’re going to start tying you to five other murders. You wouldn’t want that, would you?” James looked at his lawyer and the lawyer nodded. James looked back at Josh.
     “And what if it wasn’t me?” 
     “We have proof that you raped Sarah Ellen.”
     “Not with the rape charges. What if it wasn’t me that killed her?”
     “We’ll never be able to prove that you didn’t do it if you don’t talk to us.” James glared at Josh and then he shook his head.
     “I didn’t rape Sarah Ellen.” Josh scoffed.
     “Then why the hell did we find your DNA in and all over Sarah’s body? Don’t play dumb James.”
     “On Halloween night, like I said, I was at home, sleeping. Sarah came to my apartment and started banging on the door. I got up and opened the door. Sarah was clearly drunk and it was cold outside. What kind of a person would I have been if I didn’t let her in?” I glared at James through the mirror. I hated him so much right now. He was lying his ass off. “I let her in and then she came on to me. One thing led to another and…” he shrugged, “Well, you get the picture.” Josh shook his head in disbelief.
     “So you’re telling me you just had sex with her, you didn’t rape her?” James nodded and Josh shook his head. “If you just had sex with her, why in the hell does the coroner’s report say that she was raped?” James’ lawyer spoke.
     “My client is claiming that he didn’t rape Sarah Ellen. He claims that they merely had sex. Are you going to accuse him of this crime and throw him in jail because a piece of paper says differently?” Josh nodded. 
     “I will, yeah. From what the coroner’s report says, Sarah was most likely in a lot of pain when your client slept with her. Unless you’re willing to find evidence that Sarah Ellen was a masochist of some sort than I am going to stick with this report that tells me this sexual encounter was nonconsensual.” With those words, the lawyer was silenced. Josh shook his head in frustration and looked back at James. “Let me tell you what my thought process on this is right now. I think Sarah Ellen got wasted on Halloween night and then she ran off. You saw that she was drunk so you grabbed her and took her somewhere. You raped her and then you beat the crap out of her and then you proceeded to cut her. After you were done having your fun, you slit her wrists and killed her.” Josh stared at James and I could tell that James was nervous. “If you tell me that there was another person and who he was, I might be able to drop some of the minor charges off of you James. If you don’t tell me though, it’s not going to help you in the slightest bit.” James bit his lip but didn’t speak. Josh shook his head and stood up. “Alright, we’re done here. We’ll take you to your cell now.” A moment later, a few officers walked into the room and they grabbed James and took him away. James’ lawyer followed after them. When it was just Josh in the room, the police officers began to chatter, talking about what had just happened. I looked at Arnold who looked disappointed. 
     “That got us nowhere.” He grumbled. I shook my head, pissed off. I began to walk to the door.
     “Where are you going?” Victor wondered.
     “I need air.” I said as I exited the room.
     I walked through the building, searching for a quiet place that I could think. Now that the interrogation was over, the station was busy again. I walked for a while before I found myself in the jail cell area of the station. As I walked, I saw Josh exiting a room. I looked at him and called out.
     “Josh.” I hollered. He looked over at me and when he saw me, he stopped walking. I ran up to him and looked back at the room he had just come from. “Where is he?” I asked angrily. 
     “James is in his cell, talking with his lawyer. Why?” 
     “He was lying his ass off in there.” I stated. He nodded.
     “I know he was.” 
     “Is he going to be like that every time you talk to him?” I wondered. He shrugged. 
     “I don’t know, maybe. If he would just speak then our lives would be so much easier.”
     “Let me talk to him.” He laughed.
     “Let you talk to him?” I nodded.
     “Yeah.” He shook his head.
     “Do you even remember what the chief told you about talking to James?” 
     “Yes.” 
     “Then you know that you could get arrested for talking to him.” 
     “Maybe I will. What other choice do we have though? He’s not talking. If he doesn’t talk then we can’t find this other guy.”
     “We’ll find him Vanessa, it’s just going to take some time.” I shook my head.
     “No, I want to find this guy now!” I hissed.
     “Look, I know you’re scared but…” I shook my head.
     “I’m not scared, I’m angry. The other man that killed Sarah is still out there and all we can pin on James at the time is rape.” Josh looked at my pleading face and then he nodded a little.
     “His lawyer is leaving in a few minutes. When he’s gone I’ll give you five minutes. If the chief comes and gets mad though, I can’t help you.” I nodded. 
     “If Arnold comes and finds me in here, you had no clue that I was here.” Josh nodded at me and then he walked away. 
     “I’ll go and talk to the chief. I’ll buy you a few minutes.” I nodded and then we both went our separate ways.
     When Josh was gone, I waited outside for the lawyer to leave. When he was gone, I slyly snuck into the room. The room was empty except for me and James. He looked up and saw me standing there. He was lying down on the bed. He sat up and greeted me with a scowl.
     “Vanessa.” He hissed. I took a few steps forward until I was close to the cell.
     “What did you think lying in the interrogation was going to do for you?” I wondered. “Did you think it would get you out of this?” He looked at me for a long minute and then he shrugged. 
     “If I wouldn’t talk to the police, what makes you think I would talk to you? You were the one that figured out the whole handprint thing I’m sure. You’re smarter than them. If I wouldn’t tell them anything then assuredly, I won’t tell you anything.” I chuckled and shook my head.
     “Tell me, do you take pleasure in digging yourself deeper and deeper into that hole you’re in or are you just dumb?”
     “The deeper one gets the harder it is to get to them.” I nodded a little, not agreeing with him but understanding what he meant.
     “Are you really willing to take the heat for something you didn’t do by yourself? The police are going to try and tie you to those five other murders.”
     “Try? Do you not think they will succeed?” I shook my head.
     “No. They’ll get you for this murder but not for those five other women. Those other murders were all your partner’s doing.”
     “And how do you know they weren’t me?”
     “Because you don’t possess the qualities that the other man does.” James gave me a curious look.
     “The qualities?” I nodded.
     “Yeah. For starters, the first murder was in 2008. You would have been thirteen or fourteen, that’s too young for murders like this.” He laughed. 
     “No age is too young to kill somebody.” I glared at him and shook my head. 
     “Fine then, you don’t have the right personality to be the killer. You see, the actual person that committed the other five murders and probably talked you into killing Sarah has a dominant personality. He needs to feel power, and above all, he needs to be in control.” I looked over James from head to toe and then I shook my head. “You have a passive personality. You wouldn’t commit a murder without the help of someone or without being told to do so.”
     “Do I now? And what do the police think about this little theory of yours?” I didn’t answer his question so a smile formed on his face. “I know you think you’re very clever with this profiling game you’re playing but you should be informed that you’re wrong.” I chuckled but he kept going like he was serious. “There’s not a second man; it’s just me.” I shook my head and crossed my arms.
     “No, there were two men in my room that night.” He smiled.
     “There weren’t. Tell me, how much evidence has the police found supporting your claim that there are two men?” I froze, thinking about it. James nodded. “None, right? They won’t find any because I am the only one that killed Sarah.” I stared at him and a small smile formed on my face.
     “You just admitted that you killed Sarah.” He nodded. 
     “I did, but you’ll notice that I also mentioned that I was the only one that killed Sarah. By all means Vanessa, go and tell the police what I just told you. I’m sure they would be glad to arrest me for murder and forget that this case ever happened. Go ahead and tell the police that I killed Sarah. I will gladly go to court and testify saying that I was the sole mastermind behind all of this. Everyone would love that, wouldn’t they? To catch the only killer, put him on death row perhaps.” He shrugged. “Go and tell the police what I just told you and watch how this case will close in a matter of months. If you really believe there is another killer out there, you’ll be wise to keep your mouth shut. If I so much as hear someone say that you repeated what I said, then I will be glad to tell everyone my side of the story. Once that happens, I assure you, no one will believe there is a second killer. Why should they?” He gave me a daring look and I clenched my jaw, pissed off that he was blackmailing me. He smiled, let out a long drawn out sigh and then he lied back down on the bed. “Laura’s a beautiful name, isn’t it?” He said as he stared at the ceiling. I shook my head at him and felt angry tears fill my eyes. Laura Cosby was the first victim. I took a few steps back and then I turned around and flew out of the room, furious. I was stuck. I had finally gotten James to admit that he killed Sarah, finally, he confessed. But he had also claimed that he was the only killer there was. If I went and told that to the police they would go with that because they had no solid proof there was another killer. They would only lock up James and there would be another killer still out there. I wanted James to pay for what he did but I wanted the original killer locked up more. James had only killed one person but this other man, he had killed six women and he had targeted me. Just having James locked up wasn’t good enough, I wanted both of them locked up… no, I wanted them dead.





















Chapter 17

     I stormed out of the room that James was in and I headed for the exit. I was stopped by someone.
     “Vanessa.” Someone yelled. I looked behind myself and saw Josh.
     “Did he tell you anything?” I paused and shook my head.
     “Um, no, no, he didn’t say anything. He just swore he hadn’t raped Sarah.” Josh nodded.
     “I figured as much.” He looked at my frazzled expression and I could tell he knew something was wrong.
     “What happened?” I shook my head.
     “I’m just mad that we can’t charge him with anything more than rape.”
     “We’re doing our best.” I nodded.
     “I know.” I looked at the exit and then at Josh. “Hey, I’m going to go.” He nodded and then I turned around and left.
     When I exited the building, I was instantaneously swarmed by camera people and reporters. I had no patience for them so I pushed my way through the crowd and I ran to my car. Once I was in the vehicle, I began to drive back to Victor’s house. I was so mad at James right now that my eyes were clouding up with tears. I wanted to just cry but I had too many things to do, I couldn’t cry. 
     I got back to the house around two p.m. I hadn’t attended my last class for the day because of everything that had happened. When I was at the house, I quickly ran inside and then I called Victor, realizing that he was probably still at the station. After a few rings he picked up. 
     “Vanessa?” 
     “Hey.” I said urgently. “Victor, I need you to keep a secret.”
     “Ok.” I shook my head.
     “You have to promise me you’re not going to tell anyone.”
     “I promise, what’s wrong?”
     “I went in and talked to James and he confessed to killing Sarah.”
     “What, he did?”
     “Yes.” 
     “Why can’t we tell anyone?”
     “Because he said if we do he’s going to confess and tell the police that he’s the only killer. If he does that the police are going to close the investigation and then the original killer will still be out there.”
     “Was he blackmailing you?” I nodded.
     “I think so.” I looked at the wall and shook my head. “Victor, we need to find proof that there is a second man. I don’t know if James will actually take the heat for all of those murders but if he does then no one will be looking for the other man.”
     “I don’t know where we would start. We don’t even have proof that there was a second man other than what you say you saw.” I thought for a long moment and then I spoke again.
     “I think the other killer is someone that James knows really well, someone that he is close to.”
     “Why do you think?”
     “James is showing an absurd amount of loyalty to this man. He wouldn’t do that for some random person he just met. It’s someone he knows and trusts. He doesn’t want this guy to get locked up.”
     “Could it be a family member?” I thought for a moment and then I shook my head.
     “As far as I know, James had family problems growing up. I don’t think it’s a family member.”
     “Perhaps someone that is like family to him? Or maybe a friend?” I nodded to myself.
     “Yes, I think that’s where we need to look. Does James have a phone?”
     “No, when the police arrested him there was no phone on him. The police also looked through his house; they found no knives, no chloroform, no tape, no phone. They found nothing suspicious.”
     “Can you have them check his phone records, see if he even has one?” 
     “Yeah, I’ll have my uncle get that taken care of. What do you need with the phone?”
     “They need to check and see if there are any recent messages or calls James has made in the past month or so. We need to check his contact list and see who is on it. The faster we get this done Victor, the less of a chance we have that James is going to screw it up for us.”
     “Ok. I’ll tell my uncle and have him get on that right away. Where are you?”
     “I’m at the house.” 
     “Ok, I’ll be back in about an hour. I’m sorry Vanessa.” I nodded a little.
     “Me too. I’ll see you soon, ok.” 
     “Alright.” I heard a click and then he was gone.
     Once I was done talking to Victor, I went up to my room to take a quick nap. I had work in a few hours and I was exhausted as it was. So I slept until four thirty and then I got ready to go and I left.
     At work, I mostly kept to myself. I didn’t talk to Daniel, not to my coworkers, hell, I barely talked to the customers. I just wanted to get done and go home. I was so physically and mentally exhausted; I wanted sleep.
     When my shift was over, I was barely able to keep my eyes opened. I managed to drive home though and when I got home, I went straight up to my room and I went to sleep.
     On the morning of Friday, November 13th, I woke at eleven a.m. I didn’t know whether or not to think it was a bad thing that today was Friday the thirteenth. I decided it was stupid to think that so I ignored it all together. I had a class in an hour so I hurried to get ready and then I went to my class. I only had one class today so I went to it and got it over with. I was feeling better today, less tired, less emotional. I hadn’t seen Victor in the morning so I went the whole day not knowing how he was doing. When my class was over, I went straight home and ate some lunch. It was two thirty when I got home. 
     Once I had consumed my food, I did my homework and then I went to work. I wasn’t as antisocial today so I managed to talk to Daniel a little and to say hello to my peers. I was polite to the customers today too. At the end of the night, I checked out and then I went home. I hadn’t seen or heard from Victor at all day; this was the first time that had happened since we started dating and I didn’t like it. When I got home, he was waiting up for me.
     I walked through the front door and saw Victor sitting on the couch. His hands were folded and he wore a solemn look of defeat. I frowned and closed the door behind myself. 
     “Hey.” I said as I set down my bag. “What’s up.” He looked at me and shook his head.
     “I tried to get a hold of you earlier but you didn’t pick up.” I frowned.
     “I’m sorry, my phone died.” I looked at his face and knew something was wrong. “What’s wrong?” He stood up and I knew that whatever it was, it was serious.
     “My uncle was questioning James today and James cracked. He told my uncle that he was the killer.” I felt my heart drop and I shook my head.
     “No.” I whispered. “No, no, no.” I looked at Victor. “They didn’t believe him, did they?”
     “They did. He told them about killing Sarah and everything he said lined up with what happened. I told my uncle that he couldn’t believe him, that he was lying but he said they had no proof of a second man.” My fingers formed into fists and I shook my head.
     “I know they don’t have any proof but I saw two men in my room.” He nodded.
     “I know you did, and I believe you but my uncle doesn’t.” I had thought out this scenario and I had suspected they wouldn’t believe me. I couldn’t explain why I was so shocked that this was happening but I was. I was shocked that the police would take the word of a murderer over mine. I felt tears form in my eyes and then I looked around.
     “Where’s your uncle?” I asked sharply.
     “He’s upstairs.” I turned toward the stairs and I ran up them, Victor was behind me at once. I angrily walked down the hall to Arnold’s room and then I pounded on the door. I heard a noise from inside as Arnold was getting up to get the door. He opened the door and when he saw me, I knew he knew why I was here.
     “James, he confessed.” I stated. Arnold nodded.
     “Yes, he did.” I shook my head.
     “And you believe that crap that he’s feeding you about him being the only killer?” He nodded a little.
     “I do, Vanessa.” 
     “Why? I saw two men in my room that night, there were two. Why would you take the word of a murderer over mine?”
     “Because your word doesn’t line up, it doesn’t make sense. Even Josh agrees, Vanessa. This was the work of one person.” I glared at him and he pressed on. “At your dorm, there was no sign of a forced entry through the door, only the window.”
     “But I saw two men.” I hissed. 
     “You had woken up from a deep sleep, it was dark in your room and you were looking through a tiny crack in a cupboard. You were seeing things.” I shook my head. 
     “I wasn’t seeing things!” I yelled. “I saw two men in my room… you can’t really believe that James is the only person involved in this. What about the other women, he’s not related to them in any way.”
     “They all knew James when growing up, we checked. We’re not closing those other cases until we do a thorough investigation on all of them but right now, all the evidence we have is telling us that James is the killer.”
     “What about his personality? James’ personality doesn’t match that of the killer’s.”
     “We had a profiler come in and the profiler says that James would be quite capable of this kind of a thing.”
     “What about the way this murder occurred?” I inquired. “So many things were different, Sarah was raped, a note was left for me; it’s all different than the past murders.”
     “Josh believes that James got bored with just killing so he moved on to rape and when rape wasn’t good enough for him, he moved on to messing with his victims.” I shook my head, terrified at what Arnold was saying.
     “So that’s it, you’re just going to go with what he said? There’s only one killer.” He nodded.
     “Yes, we are.”
     “And if you’re wrong?” Victor butted in. “If you’re wrong and there are two killers then Vanessa is still in danger.” Arnold looked at Victor. 
     “What do you want me to do, Vick? Do you want me to torture James until he tells us there’s another man? News flash for you, he won’t ever say that because it’s not true. I’m sorry if you don’t like the outcome of this investigation but it’s over. We caught the man that murdered Sarah and threatened to kill you, Vanessa. What more do you want from us?” 
     “I want you to be a cop and do your job right! I don’t want you to let the bad guy get away because some imposter tells you he’s the real killer. I want you to keep searching despite the lack of evidence you have. I want you to be thorough and double check everything. You might not see it, Arnold, but you are making a mistake.”
     “Vanessa, I’m sorry that Sarah is dead, I’m really sorry. I’m sorry that we were unable to get to her in time to save her from this fate. I’m sorry that you don’t think we’re doing our jobs good enough. However, I am not sorry for ending this investigation. Our main suspect confessed to killing Sarah and five other women. We got the bad guy, Vanessa. I’m sorry that he’s not the maniacal and evil person you had thought him up to be, but this is what it is. It’s over, it’s done.” I glared at Arnold and he looked back at me sternly. “Go to sleep Vanessa.” He looked at Victor. “You too, get out of here.” He took a few steps back into his room and then he closed the door behind himself.
     When Victor and I were the only ones in the hallway, he looked at me and spoke.
     “I’m sorry.” He said quietly. I nodded a little and a tear fell from my eye to the floor.
     “Friday the thirteenth.” I muttered. I looked up at Victor and when he saw my face, a sorrowful look filled his eyes. He put his hand on my face and he shook his head. “I’m not going to give up.” He promised. A small smiled formed on my face and disappeared as I hugged him and began to sob. 
     Victor and I stood in the hall for a few minutes and I wept. He didn’t say anything and I didn’t speak. After a few long minutes, Victor took my hand and then he walked me to my room. When we were in my room, he had me lay down and then he sat on the bed with me and held me while I cried. I felt like I had done an awful lot of that in the past few days. Despite how much I had been crying lately, I still had tears to cry. 
     I don’t know how long I cried that night and I don’t remember when I fell asleep but I had fallen asleep. I woke the next morning and was beyond happy that it was Saturday. It was ten a.m. and I felt well rested. When I woke up, I noticed that my eyesight was blurry like it had been the morning after I found out Sarah was dead. This time I ignored the puffiness and cleaned myself up. When I was presentable enough, I went downstairs and found Victor sitting on the couch, watching the morning news. He looked back at me and then he quickly reached for the remote to turn off the TV. I shook my head and held out my hand.
     “Wait.” I said as I walked closer so I could better hear and see what was going on. I saw Arnold on the screen so I began to listen.
     “You will all be pleased to know that we have located the man that killed Sarah Ellen and threatened to kill Vanessa Howell.” A bunch of chatter came in and you could tell the reporters were dying to ask questions. Arnold pointed and then a woman began to speak. 
     “What about the other man? When you gave your original statement you said there were two men.”
     “That was a misconception. There was only one man in all six of these cases. We were ill informed by Miss Howell but I assure you, the only culprit has been arrested and is detained until further notice.” I clenched my teeth together and then I shook my head. Victor saw my annoyed expression so he clicked off the TV.
     “I’m sorry, Vanessa.” I shook my head.
     “It’s fine.” I walked passed Victor and into the kitchen. As I got into the fridge, I grabbed some food and then I closed the door and looked behind me. Victor was now in the kitchen. I half smiled at him and then we sat down at the table. As I ate, we talked. We didn’t talk about the case or about Sarah, in fact, we talked about normal stuff. The rest of the day was relatively normal. I spent time with Victor and rested, I felt like I would need a lot of rest after everything that had happened. 
     That night when I went to bed, I thought about Arnold’s decision. I wondered if maybe they were right, maybe James was the only killer. The more I thought about it, the more it made sense to me. “James could be the only killer.” I thought. “Just because he doesn’t fit my description doesn’t mean he’s not the original killer. But why did I see two people in my room? Was I so scared that I was seeing things? Was I too tired maybe? I swear there were two people but the evidence swears there was only one.” That was my confliction for the next few weeks. I bounced back and forth from believing there were two men to believing it was only James. On November 28th, I had seemed to have made up my mind and believed there was no second man.
     From the 14th to the 28th, nothing really happened. I went to school like normal, I worked like normal. I still lived at Victor’s house because I was scared to live on my own. Arnold and Victor were fine with that. No one had tried to hurt me in that time and as far as the world was concerned, I was safe. I never fully let down my guard and it didn’t help that Arnold had dismissed Don and Eddy from duty. They no longer guarded the house so when I was alone there I felt very vulnerable. Still, despite my vulnerable feelings, nothing happened to me, I was fine. A lot of people suggested that I might need therapy but I didn’t listen to them; I was fine. 
     My mom never called me and neither did my sister; I was ok with that. I had celebrated Thanksgiving with Victor and his uncle and that was the first time I had ever had a family Thanksgiving. My mother had never celebrated Thanksgiving so this was the first time I had ever celebrated it. I found that I like it and was happy to have Victor to celebrate it with.
     During that time, Sarah’s funeral had taken place. I attended it with Victor and I talked to her parents. They weren’t mad at me like I had feared they would be. The funeral was one of the hardest things I had ever attended but I had managed to make it through it. 
     The 22nd-27th had been final exam week at school and I worked hard to catch up on the things I had missed. My professors were very gracious considering all that had happened to me. So I took all of my finals and I passed them all. On the 27th, when I was done with my last class, I had officially finished my first term at Dartmouth! I was glad that I had survived it all and was well and alive. I was sad though not to be able to have shared my victory with Sarah. The memory of her and what she had gone through was not something I would soon forget.
     On Saturday, November 28th, Arnold was at work, I was at home doing laundry, and Victor was out getting us some food. We had eaten turkey for a few days and were sick of it. As I threw my laundry into the dryer, I held the phone up to my ear to talk.
     “Is there a long line or something?” I inquired. 
     “Yeah, the one time this place is busy is the time I decide to show up.” I giggled. 
     “I’m sure all of those people there decided to come today because they heard you were going to be there.” He laughed.
     “We’ll there are a lot of women here.” I frowned, wondering if he was serious.
     “Really?” I hinted. He chuckled.
     “I love you.” He said. I smiled.
     “I love you too. Come home soon alright.” 
     “Alright, I’ll see you soon.” I heard a click and he was gone. I smiled as I thought of him and then I started the dryer. I walked out of the laundry room and into the kitchen. I had been watching the kitchen TV when the washer had informed me that my clothes were done washing. So I sat back at the table and continued watching the show that was on. As I sat there, I became aware of the stillness of the house. I turned down the TV noise and I listened; it was silent. The only noise there was, was the sound of the slight wind outside. I looked around and then, out of instinct, I stood up and went to check on the doors and make sure they were locked. I didn’t think there was a second killer but after everything that had happened I didn’t think I would ever be the same, able to not care if a door was locked or not. So I checked all of the doors and surely enough, they were all locked. I smiled to myself and then I went back to the kitchen. I sat back down in my chair and I began to watch my show again. 
     After five or so minutes had passed, I began to hear a kind of slamming noise. I didn’t know what it was but I assumed it was a loose board or a tree. I didn’t ignore it though, I stood up and then I quietly walked into the living room. I looked over at the front door and I saw that it was closed and locked. I then walked into the laundry room and looked at the back door. The door was open and the screen door was opening and closing in the wind. I felt my heart skip a beat and then I quickly looked behind me. There was no one there. I looked to my right at the doorway that led into the kitchen but no one was there. I felt my heart pounding and I didn’t know what to do. “Someone’s here.” I thought. “They’re in the house. I didn’t want to run into the house because if someone was in there then I would be stuck. So I did the next best thing, I pushed open the screen door and I went out into the backyard. When I walked outside though, I heard a movement to my right and I looked. My heart stopped and I froze as I gazed upon a man wearing all black and a clown mask. I felt a loud scream escape my mouth and I stumbled back into the house and attempted to close the door behind myself. The man was already moving though and he was pushing against the door, preventing me from closing it. The man put his arm in the doorway, making it so it wouldn’t close. I was leaning up against the door with my back, trying to push it closed. I looked to my right and I saw a pocket knife lying on the dryer. I reached for it and grabbed it. I opened it up and then I stabbed it into the man’s arm. I heard a shriek of pain escape his mouth and then his arm went back out the door. When his arm was no longer in the way, I slammed the door shut and tried to lock it. When I turned the lock though, I realized it was broken. I shook my head and quickly ran to the front door. I unlocked it and tried to push it open but something was preventing me from opening it. I shook my head and then I heard a loud bang as the man kicked open the back door. I gasped and then I began to run up the stairs. As I ran up, I heard footsteps following behind me. When I got to the last step, I felt a hand reach out and grab my foot. I screamed and toppled to the floor, falling down a few steps. The man had hold of my ankle and was starting to stand up. I reached out and kicked him in the face with my free foot. I heard a cracking sound and then the man screamed in pain and fell back down the stairs. I quickly found my footing and ran back up the stairs. The man was now getting up. I hastily ran to the left, hoping to get to the other flight of stairs. As I began to run down, trying to get to the back door, the man blocked my path and began to run up the stairs. I quickly turned around and ran back to the first room I could get into. I slammed and locked the door and then I heard the man pounding on the door. I looked around frantically and then I saw another door. I quickly ran to it and I entered the room it led to. That door took me into the bedroom connected to it. I closed the door and then a second later I hear the door in the other room break down. I looked around and saw the door that led into the hall so I ran through it and into the hallway. I was going to run down the stairs but the man exited out of the door I had first gone into. I screamed when I saw him and I turned right and went back to my hallway. The man followed me and then I ran into my room and shut and locked the door behind myself. I panted for air as the man pounded on my door, yelling curse words at me. I looked around and realized that I was trapped, I had nowhere else to run. So I went to the window and opened it. I looked down and saw that it was a two story drop and was above concrete. “If you jump you’ll hurt yourself and he’ll just come down and get you. If you don’t jump he’ll get you!” I quickly turned around and began to look for the next best thing: a weapon. 
     I hastily began to look for some sort of weapon but my search was cut short when my door flew open. I screamed and quickly ran into the bathroom. I tried to shut the door but the man was too fast. Before I could shut and lock the door, he was pushing against it. I screamed and pushed as hard as I could, trying to get the door shut. I watched as the man stuck his arm in. In his hand was a large hunting knife. I wanted to back away but I didn’t stop pushing against the door. The man angrily flung his hand and he caught my arm with the knife. I gasped as the knife cut into my skin and gashed it open. I screamed in pain and then the man slammed up against the door, throwing me to the ground. I hit my head on the counter as I fell. I would have stopped and made sure I hadn’t cracked open my skull but the man was now in the bathroom. When I saw him I began to crawl backward, trying to escape him. Blood was gushing out of my arm and my head was throbbing. As I looked up at the man, I saw blood running from under his mask; I had broken his nose when I kicked him. The man shook his head and then he slid his knife into its sheath. He walked up to me and I felt tears streaming from my eyes. The man got close to me and then he kicked me as hard as possible in the ribs. I felt a horrible pain and then I felt like I couldn’t breathe; I had gotten the wind knocked out of me. I felt more tears escape my eyes as I gasped for air. As I tried to regain my breath, the man sat on top of me, holding me down. His weight was crushing me and it wasn’t helping the fact that I couldn’t breathe. He put his foot on my good hand, making sure I couldn’t hit him. I wanted to beat him off of myself but I couldn’t move my cut arm. I helplessly watched through teary eyes as the man grabbed a bottle of liquid and a towel. I shook my head and watched as he soaked the towel in the liquid. I squirmed about under him but it did nothing. I tried screaming for help and calling out to someone but there was no one around to hear my cries. Finally, the man held the towel up to my mouth and nose and then I uncontrollably lost consciousness.
     I tiredly blinked open my eyes but I couldn’t see a thing. It was pitch black in the room. I wasn’t quite sure where I was. I looked around and then I felt pain in my arm. I looked down at my right arm and squinted my eyes. I saw a long, four inch gash across my arm. When I saw this, I remembered what had happened. 
     I looked around the room, panicked. I tried to move my hands but they were bound in duct tape to the chair I was sitting in. I tried to move my feet but they were bound too. Not being able to move filled me with a sense of claustrophobia. I wanted to move but I couldn’t. I felt this desperate desire to scream out, to call for help. But what would screaming do other than alert the man, telling him I was up?
     So I tried to escape my bindings for five minutes, I was getting nowhere. I listened, trying to hear if there were people outside or not. There was nothing but the sound of wind howling. It was freezing in this room so I was uncontrollably shivering. 
     After five more minutes of trying to escape, I decided that I would call for help. Maybe someone would hear me and come to help me. 
     “Please, someone help me!” I cried. I meant to scream that loudly but it barely came out of my mouth as a whisper. I paused and waited to see if anyone had heard that. No one replied so I called out again, this time more loudly. “Please, somebody help me!” I waited a few moments and then I heard a door open and a little bit of light streamed in. I squinted my eyes so I could try and see the person that had entered the room. I was unable to see them until they began to walk closer to me. I felt panicked until I saw the person’s face. Once I saw the face, I felt a security flow throughout me. 
     “Vanessa?” He asked. I smiled as Daniel approached me. As he grew closer though, I pieced it all together. “He taught high school at the same time all of the victims went to school. He has OCD and is obsessed with seven. He quit teaching after seven years, and a lot of the items in his office are in pairs of sevens. He quit teaching because he wanted to have an authority position. He was close to James in high school. The original killer is him.” Daniel was wearing all black and he wore a utility belt with knives and everything else in it. I shook my head a little and then I looked at his face. His nose was broken and there was blood under it. He wore a scared face until I began to shake my head.
     “No, no, no.” I whispered. I shook my head. “No, it’s not you, it can’t be you.” I cried. Daniel instantly lost the fake scared look and he stood up a little straighter. He turned around and walked the way he had come from. He moved his hand up to the wall and he switched on a light; the light was on dim. I could now see for sure and my nightmare was confirmed. The original killer was Daniel. I felt my eyes fill up with tears and I continued to shake my head. 
     “No.” I said sadly. “No, you… you’re my friend.” He chuckled and shook his head and began to walk back to me.
     “You really had no clue, did you?” He shook his head, amazed. “You know, for a genius, you’re not very bright. I was right under your nose the whole time and you never once suspected that you’re amazing, kind, generous boss could be the killer. Tsk, tsk, tsk.” I felt some more tears fall from my eyes and my heart was broken.
     “You can’t be the killer, you wouldn’t do that… you… you wouldn’t kill Sarah or those other women.” He nodded.
     “I am the killer, Vanessa, and yes, I would kill those women, I did.”
     I sat there scared and sad as I watched Daniel. He reached into his utility belt and he grabbed out a pair of scissors. I trembled in fear as he approached me with them. He chuckled and put the scissors on the sleeve of my shirt and he began to cut up to the collar. When he was done cutting the left side he went to the right sleeve and did the same.
     “You know,” he began, “I was really upset when you caught James. I’ve always planned the perfect murder and you just had to find the things that would ruin it.” He looked pissed off. Daniel moved the scissors to the bottom of my shirt and he cut diagonally from the bottom of my shirt to the collar of the shirt. Once he cut that, he grabbed my shirt and it slid right off. I felt the cold air hit my chest and a violent shiver ran through my body. Daniel began to speak and cut off my jeans.
     “James was a good kid you know. I was going to make him into a legend but he got caught.” He shook his head. “That kid went hard though, he took the heat for all of those other murders.” Daniel finished cutting my jeans so he slid them off and threw the material on the ground. Daniel shook his head. “James had a lot of family problems, his mom and dad were never there so he lived with his grandparents who neglected him. That kind of stuff can really mess a person up for life. No one understood James, the way he was. He never had a lot of friends and, let’s face it, he’s not exactly what one would call a lady killer.” He chuckled at his own pun. “Still, when he was in high school, I saw the things he was going through and I felt bad for the kid. I understood him better than anyone else did and we bonded. I was like the father that he didn’t have.” 
     When all of my clothes, except my undergarments were removed, Daniel put my loose hair up into a bun.
     “I usually don’t feel the need to explain this kind of stuff to my victims but you see, you’re no ordinary kill.” I shook my head and a few tears ran down my face. “You know about my disorder, right? Yes, I believe I told you how I suffer from Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder. I find that a lot of things in my life revolve around the number seven. I like things to be in pairs of seven. I taught for seven years and after that seventh year was up I couldn’t mentally work as a teacher any longer. So I got the job at Denny’s which I will continue to work at for a few more years until the seven years are up. Now, what makes you so special is that you are my seventh kill. Seven is a magnificent number, the only thing better than seven is forty-nine. Seven times seven is forty-nine and that is perfection. You are my seventh kill so I had to make it memorable. You and my forty-ninth kill will be the best.” I felt my body tremble at his words and I tried my hardest not to make eye contact with him. I felt him touch my arm and instinctively I tried to pull away; fighting him did nothing though. I quickly looked at him and saw that he was now holding the hunting knife in his hand. I shook my head and tried to pull away. He grabbed my shoulder and pushed it to the back of the chair, forcing me to hold still. He looked over my skin and then he touched the tip of the blade to my skin and he pressed down hard and began to drag it through my skin, cutting it open. I screamed in pain and tried to pull my arm away from him but it was bound too tightly. When he pulled the knife out of my skin I let out a deep breath and I looked at my arm. He had cut at least three inches and it felt deep. 
     I sat there, cold, sore, with a throbbing arm, and all I could do was glare at the bastard that was doing this to me. How I hadn’t realized Daniel was the one behind this was a mystery to me. I looked at him through teary eyes and then he began to speak again. 
     “Laura Cosby was my first kill.” He stated. “She was much like you in many ways; she was smart, strong-willed, and independent. She had one flaw though.” Daniel ran his fingers across my left arm and he pointed at one of my more noticeable scars. “Laura, like you, self-harmed.” He shook his head in disappointment. “She fed me some excuse about her parents expecting too much from her. That apparently caused her too much stress and she had to take out her frustration somehow, right?” I glared at him angrily and shook my head in disgust. “She was a perfect choice for my first kill. She was insecure, emotionally unstable, she already cut herself.” He shrugged. “You see, my logic is quite generous the more you think of it. These women already cut themselves, they like the sensation, they crave it. Is it not generous that I give them what they want?” I shook my head and spat on him. He wiped the spit off of his face and then he put his hand on my thigh and pushed down hard so I couldn’t move it. I squirmed around and yelled at him but he dug the knife into my skin and cut it open. I wailed in pain and tears fell out of my eyes and landed in my lap. Daniel removed the knife from my skin and then he began to speak again.
     “Let me go back a little for you, Vanessa. Like I said, James and I were close when he was in high school and we kept up after he graduated. Well, sometime last year, he came to me and told me that he wanted to die. Nothing was going right in his life and he was done. Naturally, I didn’t want him to just kill himself, he had too much potential to just throw away his own life. So I told him what I was and what I did and I told him that he could join me. He accepted and then we picked our target. James insisted on Sarah, he was madly in love with her in school and she blew him off so many times, he’d had enough. So we began to plan the murder. However, my mind swayed from Sarah when I met you. Sarah was James’ kind of girl, that was the one person he wanted to kill. For me though, I was only killing Sarah because he wanted to. Sarah was dumb, let’s be honest with one another. She was a party girl that had no potential or possibility of going anywhere in her life. I don’t care for people who aren’t driven, self-motivated. You were the target that I wanted. I figured that I would kill Sarah and then make you my seventh kill. So I began planning. I explained to James how I wanted to kill you and I got him to begin helping me. That night at that party Victor threw was the night that we were supposed to retrieve both you and Sarah. Sarah was drunk so James wanted to take her then, however, there were too many witnesses. So, he moved onto the next best thing: you. James managed to slip a roofie into your drink when you weren’t looking but then Victor had everyone leave the house for some reason. James was unsuccessful. So after that we began to plan again and it was fate that we were to run into a poor, drunken Sarah on Halloween night. We captured her then and once we were done with her, I decided that I didn’t want to just kill you. The night after we killed Sarah, we went to your dorm room in hopes of either finding you or leaving the note for you. I would have taken you if you were there, though I’d hoped you weren’t. When we broke in, we were unable to find you so I left the note and we were on our way.”
     Daniel was silent as he cut open my skin two more times. Each time it hurt terribly and each time I screamed out, hoping, praying that someone would hear me and come and save me. After those two cuts, he began to speak again.
     “I really was disappointed when James got caught. You see, I told him how I liked to kill but he wasn’t completely satisfied with that. He wanted to add in his own flare, hence the rape. Personally, I’ve never seen the point of rape; it’s too messy and it gets you caught. James got caught because of what he did.” Daniel shrugged. “I can’t say I didn’t warn him.” He cut open a gash in my arm and I cried out in agony. He paid no mind to my cries and he continued to talk. “I am, and always will be, extremely careful with my killings.” He held up his hand and I saw that he wore latex gloves. “I’m extraordinarily good at hiding evidence of… anything. That is the sole reason I’ve never been caught. Plus, who would consider a person’s high school teacher to be a suspect once the person has graduated from high school?” He shook his head. “No one would, not even you.” He cut open my forearm. I couldn’t do anything about it so I just sat there and bore through it.
     Daniel continued to cut me for another five minutes, not being quick with it. He began to speak after three cuts.
     “James and I had this guideline that we stuck to. Since I was bringing him in on my line of business, he had to promise me that he would do anything to assure that I wouldn’t get caught. Making this promise wasn’t a problem for him because he already thought of me like a father. He would gladly take the heat for me. When James got arrested, I panicked and thought that maybe he would tell the police that I was the real killer. I was so frightened that I began to pack, getting ready to go to Canada if I had to. You can imagine how surprised I was when I saw on the news that he had confessed to all six of the murders and taken the blame for all of them.” He shook his head in awe. “That kid was serious when he promised he wouldn’t rat me out, I can’t say I would have done the same for him.” Daniel sighed. “I’m afraid though that James might snap into reality one day and tell the police that I am the real mastermind.” He shook his head. “I can’t have that happening. So in a week I will resign from my job and I will move to Canada so if he ever leaks this to anybody I will be far gone.” I shook my head, pissed that he was getting away with this.
     Daniel cut me four more times and then he looked at me.
     “Did I clear up all of your wonders? Did I answer all of your unasked questions?” I didn’t respond to him so he shrugged and cut me again. “Very well.” He said.
     Daniel cut me countless times in the span of an hour and a half. During that whole time I wished I could die, I wanted to die. I wanted this torture to be over with. I was so sore from the countless amounts of cuts on my body. My skin was tender and it throbbed in pain. The icy wind that would occasionally blow into the room hit my tender skin and it cooled the burning feeling that I had. As much as I wanted the cutting to be over with, I didn’t want it to stop. I didn’t want Daniel to hit forty-nine cuts because I knew that after that, all that was left to do was to slit my wrists. After Daniel was done cutting me, I knew that I was doomed.
     As I sat there in the cold room, I felt nausea creeping up on me. The smell of blood filled the small area and the pain I was in added to the sick feeling. I wanted to puke but I couldn’t find the energy to do so. Never had I ever thought that I would die this way, tortured by a psychopath and then simply killed. Would anyone remember me? Would they find Daniel and avenge me? “I wonder if Victor knows I’m gone?” I thought. “He probably does. It doesn’t matter though, he won’t find me in time.” I then began to think about all of the things I hadn’t, and wouldn’t do. I’d never gotten to be a lawyer and gotten the college degree I wanted. I’d never told my mom that I loved her and meant it. I’d never had the relationship with my sister that I had wanted; we would never be friends like my heart had craved. I would never have the relationship with Victor that I wanted. There were so many things I would never get to do, all because of one man. “I thought he was my friend.” My heart cried. “I thought I could trust him, I did trust him. Shame on me.”
     Once Daniel had cut me forty-nine times, I felt like I couldn’t move any of my arms or legs even if I was unbound. I weakly watched Daniel wipe off the knife and then slide it back into its sheath. He then reached into another pouch and he pulled out a box-cutter. I whimpered when I saw it and a tear fell from my scared eye. He flashed a fake frown at me and then he shook his head. 
     “Don’t worry.” He comforted. “This is the easiest part. After I slit their wrists they just fall asleep.” I shook my head.
     “Please don’t kill me, Daniel.” I begged. He frowned and touched my face. 
     “It’s too late for that, Vanessa.” He removed the tape from my left hand and I shook my head as more tears fell down my face.
     “Please don’t.” I cried as he opened the box-cutter. He ignored my pleading and he dug the razor into my wrist and he dragged it about halfway up my arm. This pain was excruciating, I could feel my vein being slit open and I was crying and screaming for him to stop. When my left wrist was slit, he dropped my arm and it fell to my side. I felt the blood gushing out of my arm and my body began to shake in fear because I knew I was dying. 
     Daniel took the tape off of my right arm and he picked up my hand. I wanted to cry out but I couldn’t find my voice. So I sat there helplessly as he slit this wrist with the razor. Tears ran down my face as he cut open my wrist. It was quick though, once it had been slit, he dropped my hand to my side and it was just a matter of minutes now until I would be gone. My head fell back and I leaned it against the back of the chair. I closed my eyes, preparing to take on death. I felt Daniel lay his hand on my cheek and then he spoke. 
     “There you are, Vanessa. Just a few more minutes and it will all be over. You didn’t put up as much of a fight as I had hoped you would. Once I caught you it was really quite easy.” He sighed. “That’s not a problem though, perhaps I will just hide your body somewhere great where no one will ever find it. That will make the game continue on and I won’t regret having killed you so easil…” Daniel’s sentence was cut short when there was a loud cracking sound and then a thud. I heard Daniel say a cuss word and then I heard another door, the one leading to this room, being pushed down. A second after that noise occurred, I heard Daniel scream in terror. 
     “No, no, no!” He screamed. I heard a tearing noise and then Daniel let out the most bloodcurdling wail of agony one could ever imagine. I heard a thud and Daniel continued to scream. I heard a second tear and a third tear and a fourth tear and each time the same scream was let out. I was terrified at the noise and I wanted to get up and run away but I couldn’t; I couldn’t even open my eyes, let alone run away. I felt my body trembling in fear of the creature that was attacking Daniel. I heard a loud thud after the fourth tearing noise had occurred and then there was silence. I felt an icy wind sweep over my tender body and I had to muster up the strength to open my eyes. “Am I dead?” I wondered. I opened my eyes just a little and I saw that the lights had been turned off. The room was pitch black but I was able to make out a silhouette in the center of the room, it was of a person. I kept my eyes open long enough to see the person approach me. I wanted to feel afraid but I couldn’t. I was able to keep my eyes open just long enough to see a pair of terrified, light brown eyes looking at me. As my eyes closed, I felt a peaceful feeling enter me, that feeling that I had only felt a few times before. The moment that feeling entered me, I didn’t care about death or dying, I didn’t care about the pain, all I cared about was that feeling, and the person that was making it happen.










Epilogue

     I was driving in my car, well over the speed limit. “Where the hell would a killer take his victim?” I thought frantically as I picked up my phone to dial Arnold, checking to see if he had any clue where to look. I couldn’t do anything to help find Vanessa without my powers and I couldn’t use those with anything involved in this case. Call me desperate but I had gotten him, I had made a deal with him. I told him to find Vanessa for me and I would never tell Nichole of his whereabouts, I would make Hanover a safe haven for him. He had agreed and right now, he was my only hope.
     As I grabbed my phone, I prepared to call Arnold but my phone began to ring. I answered it quickly and then I spoke.
     “Hello!” I said hopefully.
     “It’s me.” I felt my heart skip a beat at his words. “I found her, Victor.” Out of instinct, I pressed on the brakes and after a few seconds the car stopped.
     “What, is she… is she ok, where is she, is…” 
     “She’s not ok.”
     “Oh my g… is she dea…”
     “No, she’s alive but she’s not ok.”
     “Please!” I begged. “Where are you, where is she?”
     “Promise me that you’ll make good on our deal.”
     “I promise, I swear! Nichole will never know you’re here, never!” He was silent for a long moment and then he spoke.
     “I took Vanessa to the hospital, she’s there now. A sigh of relief escaped my mouth and I felt a few tears escape my eyes as I thought about her being alive.
     “Thank you! Thank you, Jesse.” I owed him more than my life was worth and I swore that I was going to pay it back to him, no matter what the cost.
     “You’re welcome. I’ll text you the place you can find the serial nut at. Once I send you the text, delete all messages and calls from me and erase my number from your phone.” I nodded.
     “Of course. Who was it that did this to her?” I asked, ready to go and kill him.
     “Don’t worry, I took care of him.”
     “Who was it?” 
     “I’ll text you. Go, Victor, be with Vanessa. She’s going to need you when she wakes up.”
