The Secret of Lions
Scott Blade
Also by Scott Blade
www.scottblade.com

Get Jack Reacher Series
Gone Forever
Winter Territory
Foreign & Domestic

S.Lasher & Associates Series
The StoneCutter
Cut & Dry
A Black Lion, LLC Publication
Second Edition
Copyright © 2013 by Scott Blade.
www.scottblade.com
All rights reserved. Published in the United States by Black Lion, LLC,.
Black Lion is trademarked.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
This novel is the intellectual property of the author and publishers. Reproduction of the novel without the author’s direct permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Epilogue
About the Author
“You only have power over people as long as you don’t take everything away from them. But when you’ve robbed a man of everything he’s no longer under your power—he’s free.” 
—Alexander Solzhenitsyn, winner of the Noble Peace Prize.

“Have you any children, Kubizek?” 
“Yes, three sons.” I said.
“Three sons,” he shouted, impressed. He repeated it several times with a most earnest expression. “So you’ve got three sons, Kubizek. I have no family. I am alone. But I should like to look after your sons.”
I had to tell him all about my boys—he wanted to know every detail. He was pleased that they were all three musically gifted…
“I shall make myself responsible for the training of your three sons, Kubizek,” he said to me. 
—August Kubizek, The Young Hitler I Knew, conversation between Hitler and the author.
Prologue
In the Gallery
London 1950
1
The art gallery at King’s College cleared out. The thick crowd from earlier in the afternoon had thinned because it time to close down.
Grand, white pillars stood tall in front of a large staircase just inside the entrance. The painting, titled The Secret of Lions, hung around the corner. It held unspeakable secrets, the kind that could unravel history, Barbara's history.
 Barbara stared at the painting for most of the afternoon. She had so carefully concealed her dangerous past. Even though she hadn’t seen it in several months, she still remembered every detail of the painting. Every speck of canvas symbolized her past life. Every brush stroke and every shadow represented a piece of a story that only she knew. The light and dark microscopic fabrics of the canvas wove together and created the life of the artist. The paint, the textures, the meaning behind it all seemed to shape the very blood that flowed through her veins. It forged her skeleton, bone by bone. She would never forget the man she had loved, the artist who had painted The Secret of Lions. 
Someone watched her from beyond the shadows cast by the beautiful, abstract sculptures that filled the room. The man was no stranger. He had been someone that she had known well. He haunted her nightmares. He was the man she ran from, but he knew she would come to see the painting eventually. He waited to ambush her. He followed her for a long time and waited for her at the gallery. He moved through the shadows into the farthest corner—watching, waiting to strike.
She had come out of hiding to see the painting on the day of its anniversary. She couldn’t stay away. She had to look upon it once again. She had desperately tried to stay away, but it was useless. The desire to look at the breathtaking work of art overwhelmed her. So she was here, in his trap.
“Closing time,” a short, stocky graduate student shouted as he walked through the halls and fumbled with his glasses. “The gallery is closing now.”
Barbara looked around. She had lost sight of her stalker. He was there somewhere. She was sure of it. 
She rose from the small, tarnished wood bench and reached into her satchel. She pulled out a paintbrush with a long, jagged black handle, along with a small vial of red paint. She dipped the brush and began writing something underneath the painting on the wall. She began writing the name of the artist, the man she had loved so deeply. 
Barbara’s stalker watched with increasing interest as she wrote. He needed to move quickly. She had grown suspicious.
Slowly, he crept around a large sculpture, losing sight of her for only a moment. As he left the shadows and moved past a spiraling, metal staircase, he noiselessly leapt out of the shadows with a silenced pistol in his hand.
The pistol was outstretched and aimed at the spot where Barbara had been standing, but now she wasn’t there. She had vanished.  
Worried that he had scared her away, he moved quickly to the painting. He scanned the corridor for Barbara, but he saw nothing. He glanced at what she’d written on the wall. 
In red paint, the letters read:
Unknown Soldier
He looked at the message, puzzled. Then he gazed back up at the painting and at its description: The Secret of Lions by U.S.
Without warning, she was near once more. He sensed the warmth of her body. She stood directly behind him. He was tall, at least a foot taller than her, maybe more. 
“Barbara?” he whispered, gripping the handle of his gun tightly. His raspy, rugged voice sent unimaginable chills down her spine.
“Yes,” she said. She pointed her own silenced gun to the back of his head. The nozzle of the silencer brushed across the stubble of his shaved head softly, intimately.
“You know the secret. That’s why I follow you,” he said.
“You shouldn’t have killed him,” Barbara said and then squeezed the trigger. 
With a puff of air and a muzzled flash, a bullet exited the gun. The bullet ripped halfway through his head. Blood splattered onto Barbara’s hands and across her face. 
The bullet lodged in his skull. His face was intact, but the back of his scalp peeled forward from the force of the bullet, spraying blood across the painting.
He swaggered forward and grabbed at the canvas's surface. As this now harmless enemy slowly fell to the ground, his blood-soaked hand slid down the painting. It left a smeared, bloody handprint across the painting of a majestic, black lion.
Part One
Host of Sparrows
Chapter One
Beautiful Paintings
2
Some believe that sparrows are transporters, that they carry the dead across the threshold between life and afterlife. Evan had crossed that threshold in a way. He had died many deaths, or rather his identity had. Evan wasn’t his real name, but his name had changed so many times over the years that it ceased to matter what his name was. Now, he was Evan, a groundskeeper at King’s College in London. 
A sparrow flew overhead and he was reminded of the myth of this black bird.  He stepped out of his flat dressed in his groundskeeper uniform. The jagged keys on his ring jingled as he twisted one into the lock of his front door. After he locked up, he headed down a series of long, spiraling paths, past the music hall, and through the quad until he reached the art gallery. 
The sun was still low in the early morning sky. Most of the campus remained asleep. Evan began most of his days this way. He was the first to rise and the last to sleep.
Today was different than most for one reason. Today, he carried a large, double-wrapped canvas under his arm. It was an old painting, one that he’d created a long time ago. It was a secret, his secret. Yet he wanted people to see it. 
Painting was his only outlet. It was his only reason to live. After being in hiding for so long, he couldn’t help but feel cheated of the life he wanted. He should have lived a life of painting, of art. He was robbed of that life. Now the only solace afforded to him was working on a college campus, surrounded by art students and great works of art. Here he could freely study the most beautiful paintings and sculptures in the world. He could do this without fear of being caught. 
Evan ran from a past so dark that no matter how much blood it swam in, it would never drown. Painting all night in secret in his flat was the only safe haven for him now. Even his dreams were nightmarish reflections of his past.
Evan climbed the short steps to the art gallery’s entrance. He looked around. There was no one. He snuck into the gallery, past the rows of paintings and sculptures, to the curator’s office. He found the lock to the office easy to pick. He flipped on the light switch and peered at the stacks of mail on top of the curator’s desk. 
Evan set the double-wrapped painting on the side of the desk. He reached into his jacket pocket and removed a typed letter that donated the lost painting to the museum. The letter was unaddressed; it mentioned that the painting was once in Hitler’s possession and it was signed only: 
Anonymous
The curator would be ecstatic. Evan had a nice place picked out to hang the painting. He hoped that the curator and gallery employees would appreciate it and hang it in that very spot. 
He beamed with pride but only for a moment and then he glanced at his watch. The gallery would be opening soon. He left the building, locking the doors behind him. 
Outside, he slipped on a pair of gardening gloves, picked up a large pair of shears, and reached into his pocket. He pulled out a nametag and pinned it to his shirt. It read “Evan.”  
Evan had a new life. He breathed in heavily and walked proudly to the rolling greens of the campus. He had a lot of hedges to trim.
3
New York 
University of Art 
1949
Birds flew through the sky, their wings fluttering across the treetops. Students strolled through the park. Some picnicked; others ran around throwing a disk, or flying saucier, a rare game. Washington Square Park stood small and quant, not like the grandness of Central Park, but a favorite for students. 
New York University consisted of an array of buildings. The art building was on the eastern side of campus. Inside the building, Barbara focused her hands on the jumble of colors that soaked the large canvas in front of her. The painting had not yet taken shape. The image resembled the dark wing of a butterfly resting on a darker petal of a flower, but she could not be sure. It was definitely a melancholy painting. 
Barbara moved her brush in whatever direction her imagination would take it. She had always painted that way, no real plan—just abstract ambition. She followed her instincts. Ever since childhood, her mother had encouraged her to just let it flow. “Just follow your heart,” she would say. 
Paint covered Barbara’s hands and wrists. Her skin was smudged with blacks, greens, and reds. Green paint rested on the bottom of her cheek, just above the place where the crinkly line from her smile began. 
Barbara’s superb brown eyes reflected the wet canvas. She stopped for a moment and gently brushed a strand of long, dark hair out of her eyes. As usual, it fell across her face and obstructed her vision. She would cut it short, but her mother loved it long. She would always remind Barbara, “This is not Europe. Here women are proper. In America, girls grow their hair long and behave properly.” 
Barbara dreamed of Europe. She so badly wanted to live there, away from what was “proper.” She thought about London. She was hoping it would be different there. She still wasn’t sure that she would take the scholarship to study at King’s College. She had put it off a year ago, when her mother first grew ill. And now, it seemed like a form of betrayal for her to leave her mother as she continued to grow sicker and sicker. 
Barbara pictured her mother. She thought of the day that she’d found out that her mother had been moved into the hospital. 
She couldn’t leave for London. Not when her mother was so sick. Barbara knew that her mother would make her go even though she was not a fan of Europe. It had been Barbara’s dream her whole life to study under the best artists in the world. She knew that London was probably the closest she would get. But her mother was the only family she had left. 
Her father had run off years ago. Barbara remembered little about him. He was a speck of dust in the hourglass of her memories.
Suddenly, she stopped painting. She realized that she was lost in the wasteland of memories. A single tear escaped her eye. It rolled down her cheek and stopped below her glossy, red lips. She let it hang there for a moment, existing in limbo. 
She wiped it away. 
Her attention returned to her current project. She looked beyond it to the far wall where one of her award-winning paintings hung. It was of a sparrow. It was the painting that had won her admittance to finish her study at the King’s College School of Art. 
“Oh no,” she said, noticing the clock hanging near the painting. She was supposed to be visiting her mother. She would have to hurry. The hospital’s visiting hours were only from 10 a.m. till 6 p.m. It was already 5:35 p.m. 
Barbara dropped her paintbrush and leapt out of her chair. She stopped at the exit of the studio. Her reflection peered back at her from the mirror next to the doorway. She saw the paint on her face. She took the sleeve of her sweater and wiped it off. She rushed out the front door and down the sidewalk.
Barbara made her way to the hospital in a little over twenty minutes. She stopped outside the front doors and tried to catch her breath. She could feel her legs and chest pounding. The exhaling breath was fighting the air that was trying to come in. Although she was tremendously lean, twenty minutes across several city blocks during heavy traffic was no easy feat.
She stood outside the double doors to the hospital’s lobby for a moment, giving her lungs time to slow to the normal rhythm of breathing. Once they steadied, she pushed through the doors. 
Barbara walked past an empty receptionist's desk. She made her way to the stairs. She had climbed these stairs almost every day for the last year. As she climbed each step, she felt her calf muscles throb. It was a slight pain, but it was sharp enough to remind her of when she had taken ballet. 
Barbara’s mother had forced her to take ballet when she was a young girl, another way of making a proper young woman out of her; although, ballet probably achieved the opposite. Barbara had always thought of herself as clumsy because she could never keep up in class. But she never quit. She never gave up anything her mother convinced her to try. But she was never that good at it either.
Despite being clumsy and feeling awkward in her teenage years, Barbara realized that she was a beautiful woman. Boys flirted with her frequently. The only person who noticed her beauty more than the boys was her mother. Not having a father around meant that Barbara's mother had to scare off the teenage boys. Her mother never approved of any of them for Barbara. And when Barbara thought back to all the boys she had gone out with, she was grateful that her mother had never let her settle for any of them. 
Barbara made her way to her mother’s hospital room. She saw that the light was off. She thought that maybe her mother had gone to sleep early, so she decided that she was only going to peek in on her. 
Barbara grabbed the handle to the door, opening it slowly. Inside she saw the bed was neatly made up, but no one rested in it. Suddenly, a feeling of panic filled her like a flame engulfs a stream of gasoline. She felt confused. 
Must be the wrong room, she thought. She looked up at the number on the door. It was the right room. It was the same one that she had visited many times before. Then, she thought, they moved her.
 She walked back to the desk. A short woman with red hair was now seated behind it. The woman flipped through a book so fast it appeared that she was frantically trying to find out what happened next. She wore a nurse’s outfit. Barbara did not recognize her. She figured that she was new.
“Excuse me,” Barbara said. “Where is Mrs. Howard?”
“You mean the woman from room 208?”
“Yes,” Barbara answered, panic-stricken.
“Oh dear. Are you kin?” The nurse asked. She stood up and put down her book.
“I’m her daughter. Where is she?”
“Wait here,” the nurse said. She left for a long, excruciating moment and then returned with a gray-haired doctor.
“This is Mrs. Howard’s daughter,” the nurse said, pointing at Barbara.
“Where is my mother?” Barbara asked. She nervously tugged at the bottom of her sweater. She could feel her calf muscles throbbing again. They pounded so badly that they were almost unendurable. Her throat began to swell up. She felt a hot sensation clamped to the back of her neck. It was so warm it made her notice that her fingers and toes were freezing. The saliva in her mouth watered up and began flowing between the crevices of her teeth. 
“Mrs. Howard,” the doctor began, trying to maintain a calm voice. 
“Where is she? What have you done with her?” Barbara asked. She could hardly control her balance. She was waiting for an answer.
“Your mother passed about an hour ago,” the doctor said. “She’s gone. I’m sorry.”
Barbara stared at a set of scuffed shoe prints tracking down the corridor. She didn't know what to say or how to react. Everything changed. Everything.
4
After weeks of thinking about her mother, Barbara sat alone in her NYU dorm room. Her friends could barely get a word out of her. Her mind swung from one thought back to another like a pendulum inside her head. The blade was sharp, but it never quite connected with any one decision, at least not until her roommate crashed through the door one day with information that would stop the swing of the pendulum. 
“Barbara, a Professor Charles Blake is on the phone. He teaches in Great Britain. He says he’s calling from London,” her roommate said.
Barbara looked up. She knew his name. Professor Blake was known to the art department at NYU, but he worked in London. At least, he was known to the seniors. They knew that he had been advertising a new Graduate Assistantship. Her entry into the contest had been a paper on WWII paintings that had survived the war. Charles Blake must have been impressed with it. Why else would he be calling her personally?
She was a little shocked that he had reached out to her. Perhaps it was because he was new to King’s College. He had only been there for a semester. And even though he was already reputable, he still needed to fill the empty slots in a graduate program. So perhaps he chose her more out of desperation rather than on her merits. Either way, she did not care.
Barbara read his scholastic publications. She knew that he specialized in investigating the mysteries of the art world. He had written published articles on Michelangelo and Monet. He was perhaps best known for an article he wrote about Da Vinci that suggested that Mona Lisa was in fact the artist himself in drag. 
Blake’s article surmised that Da Vinci actually painted Jesus Christ as the perfect specimen of a man, because of an insatiable sex addiction that Da Vinci had. In Blake’s opinion, much of Da Vinci’s obscure inventions were not to better mankind, but actually for sexual purposes.
The only real thing that mattered about Charles Blake was that he was a respected scholar, and now he was on Barbara's house phone, calling to ask her to accept an assistantship under his tutelage. Of course Barbara would accept. 
5
King’s College Summer of 1949
Out of all the grand architectural designs, Barbara’s favorite was the Chapel. It stood tall and attracted most onlookers as the first thing they noticed about King’s College. The Chapel had four tall towers. The ceiling was high and majestic, even titanic. 
This is what a church should look like, Barbara thought. 
She walked along the lawn with her belongings. She didn’t have many possessions anymore. The traveling stipend the school provided left little money to pay for the trip to England. Which did not matter since she naturally travelled light. Although, she did have to sell most of her belongings as well as her mom’s apartment. Her mother had left her a small inheritance, but she spent much of it on the funeral and to pay off her mother’s hospital bills. The little that was left, she put into a bank account. 
Barbara carried one suitcase and one backpack. The pack was sand-colored with a buckle. She wore a black, cotton jacket, much like a thick windbreaker.
Barbara’s youthful body and foreign look made people think that she was a freshman, even though she was in the graduate program. She held out a map of the campus, hoping to find her dorm room soon so she could unpack. She was tired and disoriented. She’d only stepped off a transatlantic ship hours before. All she wanted to do was unpack and lay her head on a cushy pillow, one that she would never feel like rising from.
It was the end of the summer semester. The student body was trickling onto campus, moving into their future dorms, adjusting their minds away from the adventures of summer and back to a life buried in studies. Young freshmen scurried around searching for their dorm rooms. Occasionally, they stopped their gallivanting in order to try to make new friends or socialize with old ones. 
The boys walked around studying the girls, which they tremendously outnumbered. Barbara was one of the few female students. The girls walked around studying other girls to see who their competition was.
While staring at the campus map, she was utterly confused about where she was on it. Barbara looked around and noticed that the one person who seemed as if he belonged leaned against the Liberal Arts building’s ivied exterior brick wall. She approached him. At first she thought that he was a student, but as she neared him, she noticed that he was holding a watering hose. Realizing that she had caught him lounging instead of working, he immediately returned to watering a charming garden that occupied the space between two footpaths.
“Excuse me,” Barbara said. Either he was ignoring her or he didn’t hear her over the sound of the spraying water. The fresh-looking garden bloomed as if it were the beginning of spring and not the nearing of autumn. Bright red roses, vibrant daisies, and colorful plants mixed into the luscious garden as if it were a kaleidoscope of plant life.
“Pardon me,” Barbara repeated, loudly. This time she tapped on his shoulder.
He spun around and looked straight into her eyes. For a moment, it was as if he was really seeing her and knowing her without saying a word. Barbara had never experienced a look like that before. American men did not have the same look. She wondered if it was something all European men did.
The man standing before her was in his early twenties. He seemed quiet and withdrawn. He had piercing green eyes and long, fair hair that was pulled back. Then she noticed that he wore a pair of gardening gloves and a tattered brown vest with a pair of handheld shears poking out. 
He must work here, she thought. 
“Yes, sorry to bother you. I’m looking for my dorm. It’s right here on the map,” she said, pointing at the building on the map. 
Then she said, “Harrison Building.”
He never looked down, never broke eye contact with her. His piercing, emerald eyes gazed into hers. Then she asked, “Harrison Building?” It was a brief question—two words.
After a brief, but noticeable moment, he raised his gloved hand and pointed in the direction of the building that she sought.
She looked at it. The building had a couple of construction workers standing on a scaffolding on the outside of the upper floors. There were a couple of others doing work on the bottom. She saw hammers, nails, and various other tools. It looked like they were renovating. 
“Thank you,” she said.
The young man returned to watering the garden. In a brief moment, Barbara’s eyes glimpsed that his watering can was completely covered in stenciled sketches of animals. The work was faint, yet dark. Before she could get a deeper appreciation of the drawings, the man shifted in such a way that the sunlight flooded her vision. Instantly, she squinted and readjusted her stance so that she could see him.
“Excuse me, again. I’m sorry,” she said. He looked back at her. She held out her hand as if to shake his. “My name is Barbara Howard. Are you a student as well as the gardener?”
At first, the young gardener didn’t acknowledge her hand. Finally, he looked at it and then he rudely returned to watering the plants.
“Okay,” she said. Confused, she lowered her hand. As she began to distance herself from him, she heard him clear his throat as if it had remained unused for ages, like a deep, boarded-up well that was only now being uncovered.
“Evan,” he said. “I’m the groundskeeper.” That was all he said, his focus unaltered from watering the garden. His watering can remained steady. 
“Nice to meet you, Evan,” Barbara said.
She smiled and returned to her quest to find her building. She grabbed her suitcase and headed in the direction that Evan had pointed out. As she got farther from him, she decided to take a look back and see if he was still watching her. She turned right before she entered her dorm building’s main foyer. 
Evan was no longer standing by the garden. He had vanished. She searched the clusters of girls moving into the dorms but found nothing. She turned her gaze to a crowd of students, all heading in different directions, but she couldn’t find him anywhere.
Evan, she thought. Hope I see you again. Normally, Barbara was not so aggressive, but it’d been a long time since she’d felt attracted to someone so much. She wondered if Evan would let her paint him. He was striking. The gaze from his eyes arrested her to the core. He was tall, with a lean and muscular body. Barbara was enamored.
6
Sitting on a bench in Chetwynd Court near a series of beautiful gardens, Barbara looked over her sketches. She should’ve been focusing on what her thesis was going to be about. So far, she had no idea. She knew that she had to start her thesis as soon as possible because her stipend depended on it. She had to announce her thesis topic to her academic committee by the end of her first semester. And the first semester was already moving along. It was the fourth week of school, and things were only accelerating. It seemed like there was no stopping the coursework; it continued to pile up. 
She had papers due on French Impressionists, on famous artists such as Monet, Da Vinci, and many others. Already she was stressed about her course load. She spent the entire night staring at the ceiling. She felt too overwhelmed to sleep. 
The department had not given her a key or a carrel in the graduate studio yet. Of course, she was not sure that she was entitled to a key, not this soon. So she had to work out of her dorm room or outside on the college grounds. Since she’d found nothing worth painting cooped up in her dorm and no inspiration, she worked outside as much as possible. 
Besides, her roommate was constantly gibbering about a new boy she’d found. And even when she was asleep, she was loud, snoring throughout the night. So that didn’t help Barbara’s sleeping. The only real time that Barbara could get any rest was when her roommate, Lucy, was out committing torrid acts with one of her numerous boyfriends.
“I’m going out to commit torrid and unspeakable acts tonight. Don’t wait up,” Lucy would say.
“Okay, Lucy,” Barbara would answer as Lucy rushed out of the door.
Trying to forget about Lucy and her coursework for the moment, Barbara blew a strand of dark hair away from her face. She looked around at the scene in front of her. She drew the gardens with the buildings as the backdrop. The details were missing, but she had a good blueprint, a sketch of the life in front of her. She tried to insert some of the students, but they scurried about too quickly. A small group of them stood near the far corner of the library. They played some obscure game that Barbara had no understanding of. It involved double hand-sized ball. She really did not understand the concept. They kicked it about without letting it touch the ground. It looked fun enough. They laughed every time someone dropped it.
Suddenly, Barbara realized that someone was watching her from a distance. She turned for a moment and looked over to the garden behind her. Evan was watering the plants. He wore a hooded, blue jacket. The hood shrouded his face. His eyes were hidden beneath a thick shadow cast by the cowl. Barbara noticed that he wasn’t aiming the spout of his watering can. Water sprayed out all over the cobblestone sidewalk. Evan was staring at her, gazing in a boyish way.
Slightly creepy, she thought. But still boyish.
She felt their attraction as if they knew the moment they met there was something powerful between them. It was a rare moment in life, one that surpassed all other moments. 
Realizing that she’d caught him, Evan spun around and abandoned his stare. He returned to overlooking the garden. After a moment, he looked back at her, only briefly. She continued, unwavering in her gaze at him. Boldly, she waved. He stopped cold. Unsure of himself, he waved back.
She smiled.
7
Barbara had only met Professor Charles Blake briefly during her orientation with a small group of graduate students. She was the only female. 
Her first impressions of him were that he was a man of strong build and very tall. He was in his mid-forties, but carried himself as if he were fifteen years younger. His face was handsome, yet plain. He had a British accent that seemed flawless. His hair was short and perfectly groomed. He had a quiet presence about him. He was new to the campus; he’d only been a professor at King’s College for a semester. Some of the other faculty often confused his name. Barbara guessed that he was still making friends with them.
It was Monday. She sat in his class called “The Mysteries of Art,” a 600-level course. She was excited about this particular class; it sounded intriguing. The class focused on mysteries involving different works of art such as Mona Lisa’s smile or why the screamer is screaming in The Scream or why did Van Gogh cut off his ear?
“Class, the next painting we are going to look at is one of my favorite mysteries,” Professor Blake said. He turned a knob on the side of a large, metal projector. Swiftly, the projector hummed and the slide on the blank, white wall changed. A painting appeared that would change Barbara’s life forever.
“The Secret of Lions,” Professor Blake said. “This painting is hanging right now in our art gallery on the first floor, past the spiral staircase, near the back.”
Barbara stared at it in amazement. It portrayed a majestic, black lion overlooking grand cliffs. It looked magnificent. She could not stop studying the design and style of this masterpiece. It captivated her unlike any other piece of art that she had ever seen before.
“Notice how realistic The Secret looks. It is incredible. It depicts so much violence and turmoil. Can anyone tell me what the secret is?”
“The secret is secret. That represents darkness,” Bill Jeffers said.
“Not quite, Mr. Jeffers, but thanks for the depth of your answer,” Professor Blake said. Some of the class laughed. “Seriously, take a good look at the painting and think about it.”
Barbara raised her hand.
“Miss Howard, go ahead.” Professor Blake noticed Barbara’s beauty more than he was actually waiting for an answer.
“It’s because it’s a black lion. Black lions don’t exist, but this one does and he looks ferocious. However, usually dangerous animals are normally more fearful than they are tough,” Barbara said.
“Good. Good answer. Except that black lions do exist. They are a rarity, but they are possible,” Professor Blake said, clearing his throat. 
“They can be fully colored black like that, Professor?” another student asked.
“Usually, the black lion refers to a lion with a black mane, but yes there are stories of lions that are black, like a white panther or tiger. I believe that the only one ever to exist in captivity was in Germany some years ago,” Professor Blake said.
“I have another question, Professor Blake,” Barbara said.
“You are persistent, Miss Howard.”
“Yes, sir. Sorry,” she said.
“Especially for this early in the semester,” he said.
“I was wondering what the name means. Is there a larger secret somewhere in the painting?”
“Good question, Miss Howard. I suppose you have really never seen this painting then. Most students who come here are already familiar with this work—as are the faculty. You see, this painting is perhaps the biggest mystery that we will talk about all semester. It is our opus, our great mystery.”
Professor Blake moved closer to the projection of the painting. He was now standing between the projector and the image on the wall. His glasses reflected the light from the projector as he turned back to the class. The painting was blurred behind the muscular outline of his body.
“Several months ago this painting surfaced. It just appeared in the art gallery here on campus. Are you familiar with Adolf Hitler? Miss Howard?”
“Of course,” Barbara answered. 
“What did Hitler have the Nazis do to most art pieces that were in their possession? You know, the ones that were not pro-Reich?”
“They were destroyed. Burned in public fires along with books,” Barbara said.
“Take a look at the next slide,” Professor Blake said. With one turn of the knob, the image on the wall quickly shifted to one of Adolf Hitler standing in front of a fireplace. Behind him, draped from the mantle of the fireplace, hung two cloths with Nazi swastikas waving freely. “Look above the fireplace, Miss Howard.”
Behind Hitler, above the fireplace, rested the painting—The Secret of Lions. 
“This picture is taken from Hitler’s private study from one of his homes. It is said that it was his most prized piece of art,” Professor Blake said. “Although, it was thought to have been lost. Not that long ago, it was anonymously donated to the university. And no one knows by whom. One day it was just lost and the next it was here.
“Amazing. Isn’t it? A painting in the possession of Hitler, lost, and now in our possession.”
“What a flit!” a student from the back retorted. Giggling broke out among the class, everyone except for Barbara. She was still mesmerized by the beauty of the painting.
“That’s enough, class. In fact, that is all for today. See all of you Wednesday morning,” Professor Blake said.
After class, Barbara approached Professor Blake. She hounded him about the painting without realizing it. 
“So no one is sure who the artist is?” she asked.
 “No one knows who painted it or why,” said Professor Blake.
Barbara was astonished to hear this.
“No one knows?” she repeated.
“Miss Howard, scholars have investigated––prominent scholars. Modern artists came from all over the world to look at the painting. Many of them even claimed it as one of their own. No one knows who really painted it. The painting is a mystery in the true sense. There is a set of initials on the bottom, but no one knows to whom they belong. The initials are U.S. which could be anyone. Could mean that the artist is an American, as in they stand for the United States. Could mean that his first name is Ulysses. We really don’t know,” Professor Blake said.
“So the secret is the identity of the artist?” Barbara asked. The professor seemed openly annoyed at her inquisition. That is when Barbara noticed that he was staring at a foreign-looking man standing in the doorway. The man looked as though he were expecting Professor Blake.
“What is the secret, Miss Howard?” Professor Blake asked. He gathered up the rest of his belongings and headed toward the door, hoping to avoid further conversation.
Barbara shook her head. She now had a topic for her thesis. 
8
Lucy and Barbara walked to the art gallery. Barbara wanted desperately to see the painting. And she wanted Lucy to take her. As they walked, Lucy talked about things other than art.
“Barbara, do you like boys? I mean are you a lesbian? My sisters think that you’re a lesbian,” Lucy said. 
Barbara found herself staring at Lucy’s top while her sexuality was being questioned. Unfortunately, Barbara was only wondering how tight Lucy’s top was. It was hard not to look at Lucy’s chest. She was skinny, not as skinny as Barbara, but thin. Her bust was quite large and perky for a thin woman. Barbara was slightly jealous.
“Lucy, of course I’m a lesbian. That’s why I can think of nothing better than clamping down on your...” Barbara said, jokingly. She started giggling.
“Barbara, if you’re not going to take me seriously then you can go look at your stupid painting alone. Maybe Professor Blake will keep you company,” Lucy said, playfully poking at Barbara’s sensitivity. 
“Okay, I'm sorry, Lucy. Why are you asking me about my preference of sex?”
“Okay!” Lucy said. Suddenly, her eyes filled with excitement, and she stopped Barbara’s march to the art gallery. “As you realize, this school doesn’t have a large female populace.”
“I noticed,” Barbara said.
“The sisters of my sorority were asking about you.”
“So?” Barbara said.
“So? So?” Lucy repeated her.
“Lucy, what do you mean?”
“What do you mean, what do I mean?”
Barbara rolled her eyes. 
“Forget it. Let me tell you what my mother used to say when she was very furious with me. ‘What the fuck are you trying to say?’ ” Barbara said. A smile came across her face as she thought of how sprightly her mother used to be.
“God, Barbara. Your mouth is not very ladylike. I guess American boys like that sort of talk.”
“Lucy, get to it,” Barbara said.
“My sorority sisters are asking me about you because they are considering you for rush!”
“Oh no,” Barbara said. “No. No. I don’t do sororities, knitting and bake sales.”
“Come on, Barbara,” Lucy said. “It’s not all like that. We do lesbian stuff too.”
Both of the girls giggled.
“Seriously, Barbara. It looks good on your transcripts, and you will make friends for life. It’s not like you’ve made a lot here.”
“I have friends, Lucy.”
“You have classmates, not friends,” Lucy said.
They began walking toward the art gallery again.
“So you have friends? Like who?” Lucy asked.
“I have you,” Barbara answered.
“I'm your roommate; we are assigned together. Who else do you know?” Lucy asked.
Barbara shrugged.
“Hmm, no girls, I see. What about boys?” Lucy asked.
“I met a boy,” Barbara said.
“You met a boy? When? Where?”
“When I first moved here. Near one of the gardens.”
“Who?”
“Just a boy. He was very mysterious.”
“Mysterious? What is this mystery guy’s name?” Lucy asked.
“Evan.”
“Evan? Evan? Wait. You mean the groundskeeper?”
“Yeah. So what’s wrong with him?”
“Barbara? He isn’t mysterious. He’s weird. I’m going to tell the sisters to rush you. At least they’re a bunch of sexy girls. Maybe we can just turn you into a lesbian and wash you of this Evan nonsense,” Lucy said. Both girls started chuckling as they opened the doors to the art gallery.
9
Barbara stared at the painting as Lucy wandered near the sculptures. She was much more interested in the erotic ones. The Secret of Lions hung inside the gallery, near the back of the first floor, just as Professor Blake had described. The painting was magnificent, glorious, far better than the slide that Blake had of it. Barbara became intoxicated by it––drawn to it. 
10
The entire next week Barbara thought about the painting while she avoided her roommate’s hints about rush week. 
“Get ready,” Lucy said. “The girls are coming for you.”
Barbara didn’t want to deal with the sorority girls. The only thing she wanted to concentrate on was the painting. She spent her free time in the library, reading anything that mentioned it.
Thursday night was windy. Her class ended a few minutes early, which was typical of Professor Greene. She always ended class early. Some of the other students joked that she was secretly dating one of the students. The reason why she ended class early was to meet up with him across campus. Barbara wasn’t sure about that, but she was glad to get out early.
Barbara walked out of the Liberal Arts building and headed toward the commons. She wanted nothing more than to eat a pizza from the little Italian pizza place that her mother used to take her to in Brooklyn. It was called Ole Stone Pizza. 
She began her trek to the library. The wind picked up even more than it already had. The leaves on a small oak tree rustled vigorously. The tree grew out of a humble garden which rested in the darkness in a desolate alley. 
Out of the darkness, Barbara heard the rustling as it grew louder. When she had nearly passed the alley, she heard a faint word. “Barbara,” whispered out of the darkness.
It was nearly silent, but she was certain that she had heard her name. 
Barbara turned back to the alley. “Is anyone there?” she asked.
“Barbara,” a voice whispered.
“Hello?” she asked. Cautiously, she inched toward the edge of the darkness. 
There was no answer from the whispering voice. Barbara moved a little closer.
Suddenly, a figure leapt out toward her. The figure opened a dark, burlap sack. Quickly, the sack covered Barbara’s head. Before she had a moment to struggle, she felt multiple hands gripping her tightly. The hands restrained her, and she was helpless.
She felt them lifting her body up off the ground. She began to kick her feet, but it was to no avail. The sorority girls had her now. She would have to endure their hazing rituals; there was no amount of kicking that would stop them.
11
Barbara stood with her hands down by her sides as if she were in the army. The burlap sack was gone. Barbara could see, but the room was only dimly lit by an array of candles, as if for a secret, cultish ceremony. The scene reminded her of the furtive masons. 
Barbara wasn’t sure where her captors were, but she knew that the room was large, probably made of stone. Every word that was uttered echoed high into the darkness, bouncing off rock walls.
“Sister. Sisters. Sisters. Today you have been abducted from your old lives,” a very attractive girl said. The girls who stood in front of Barbara were known as the inner circle. They were the leaders of Lucy’s sorority. Every girl wanted to be a part of their sorority house. It was the nicest house on campus, but more importantly, it had an abundant number of successful alumni. 
“Your old lives are over. Forget about them. Leave them behind you. Each of you has been chosen for greatness. You have been rushed to become our newest sisters.”
“Get on with it,” Barbara murmured under her breath. 
Barbara glanced to her left. Two other girls stood next to her, awaiting their hazing.
She felt uneasiness in her stomach about the entire prospect.
“We have a very special challenge in store for each of you. Each of you has been nominated by a fellow sister to be here among us. Each of us assisted in devising a tailored ritual for you.”
The sorority’s blond leader was like a siren––beautiful and seductive. Not even Barbara could resist her calls. Every word that she uttered sounded practiced, rehearsed, and for some reason, sensual. As the leader stepped closer to the line of rushes, Barbara was stunned by just how attractive the leader was. 
The blond stopped just in front of Barbara.
“The first challenge is for you, Miss Howard,” the leader said. Her gorgeous blue eyes gazed into Barbara’s with a gravity-like grasp.
Suddenly, Barbara realized that three other sisters stood directly behind her.
“What do I have to do?” Barbara asked. She was reluctant about joining, but she felt a sense of duty to Lucy, to her mother, and to herself. She was here. She had made it to a prestigious art school. Few women were ever admitted as graduate students at the college, and she was among them. Barbara had overcome many obstacles to get to the point where she was. She had come too far to be intimidated by a British sorority and its sexy, blond leader.
“Take your clothes off,” the leader said.
“What? Why?” Barbara asked.
“Sisters,” the leader commanded.
Forcefully, the girls standing behind Barbara grabbed her by the arms and waist. The leader moved closer to her.
“I’ll do it for you,” she said. She grabbed a tight hold on Barbara’s dress.
Before she could protest, Barbara was stark naked. The girls had stripped her bare. The dark room they stood in was freezing. 
“What am I supposed to do now?” Barbara asked. The shivering was apparent in her voice.
The leader’s only reply was a deviant smile. Suddenly, Barbara regretted being Lucy’s friend.
12
Deep in the campus, the art gallery usually resided in a silent, blanket of darkness. Tonight, however, something stirred inside it. Barbara’s new sorority sisters carelessly fumbled about the halls of the gallery. They brought Barbara to her obsession, to her muse, to the painting The Secret of Lions.
“Here is your precious painting, Barbara,” the leader announced. 
“Wha...wha...t am I s...s...supposed to do here?” she asked with a shiver in her voice. The ceremony Barbara had participated in earlier had taken place upstairs in a secret room in the art gallery’s Italian Renaissance exhibit. The rooms in that exhibit were decorated with Botticelli’s Primavera and Michelangelo’s The Last Judgment. 
She didn’t have to walk far in the nude, but the art gallery was freezing. The air was chilly and felt like the cold isolation of an empty grave. The floors were a desultory combination of brick and hardwood. Each texture amplified the coldness on the bottoms of her feet. On the path to The Secret of Lions, Barbara slowly exhaled each breath to distract her from the cold sensations that surrounded her.
“We are told that you have an obsession with finding the artists who created this painting. We are going to leave you here for about an hour. Your assignment is to remain here in front of the painting for the next hour. You are not to move. You must stand. And you must remain naked. We will return to retrieve you. Then you will be a full-fledged sister to us. 
“Your clothes will rest on that bench. If you choose that warmth is more important to you than membership, your pledge will be forfeited. Any questions, pledge?” the leader asked.
“No,” Barbara said. 
13
Barbara was alone. She stood staring at the painting. The black lion looked out over the horizon, his muscles clenched, his body poised; his fur fluttered in the breeze. 
Barbara had been alone in the gallery for approximately forty-five minutes.
The sorority sisters left her a single candle. She grasped it tightly, but her shivering forced the flame to shiver and convulse as well. The air was chilly, but she had grown used to the cold. Still, she ached for the sisters to return. 
“They’ll come through those doors any moment,” she said to herself. “I am waiting here for the sorority sisters to save me. To save me.”
14
Evan stared at the ceiling of his flat. He lay on a platform bed with tattered, black blankets. He peered down at his shirtless body. He stayed in great physical shape out of necessity. His torso was muscular but not bulky. It was important to his survival to stay lean and agile. He had learned that a long time ago from his training. Often he tried not to think about his training, but it was imperative that he never forgot it. 
Evan stretched his arms out; his fingertips reached for the ceiling. Afterward, he ran his fingers across a set of long, deep scars across his torso. The scars brought back memories of the black lion, the creature that had left the physical gashes across his chest and abdomen. It was a creature that had haunted his dreams.
The night air spilled in through the cracks in the wall above the window. Evan’s flat had a living space that he painted in and a small, creaking staircase that led up to a loft. Only his bed was at the top of the loft.
Evan looked out the window at the cloudy, moonlit sky. His view was slightly obstructed by the top of the neighboring building. 
Evan couldn’t sleep. He rarely slept longer than four hours a night. Bored, he gazed at his watch. It was time for a nighttime stroll across campus. 
He climbed down from the bed, pulled a hooded, long-sleeved shirt on, grabbed a flashlight, and headed out the front door.
15
Barbara still waited in the cold of the art gallery. It had been over an hour; she was certain. She stopped looking at the painting. She spent more time looking at some Holocaust paintings across the hall. Holocaust art was a macabre movement in which the images were mostly graphically violent. 
Often they portrayed dead people with lots of blood and gore. Suddenly, a thought fired through Barbara's brain. She remembered that Professor Blake had shown her the slide of Hitler with The Secret of Lions. She wondered why it was placed in this part of the gallery. Why across from the Holocaust artwork? The department must have thought that it was more than just artwork to Hitler. Somehow he might have been connected to it.
“Barbara?” a voice whispered in the darkness. 
She felt frozen. Naked and once again shivering, but not from the cold, but out of fright, she stared off into the darkness beyond the reach of the candle’s light, beyond the painting.
“Who’s there?” she called out. “Sisters? Is that you?”
There was no answer, but she could definitely hear breathing. She squinted her eyes and studied the darkness, trying to make out any sign of movement. 
“Come closer,” a voice whispered. 
As she moved closer to the edge of the candlelight, she made out a figure watching her. Abruptly, she froze again. The shape was a man’s. It was not Lucy’s sorority sisters.
“Who are you?” she demanded. But the fear in her voice was apparent. She trembled. Her arms and legs shook under her weight.
“Who are you?” she repeated. Slowly, she backed away from the figure in the dark. Her fear grew. Quickly, it turned into sheer, white terror. The figure dashed toward her. A gust of wind from his attack blew out the candle. She dropped it and fell to the floor. 
Barbara barely missed her attacker’s grasp. She instinctively jumped to her feet and fled the gallery. She felt her pursuer closing in on her as she ran. Her bare feet let out muffled clopping sounds. She could hear the intruder’s heavy shoes stomping on the floor as he ran.
He got so close to her that she heard his breathing.
She hit the front doors hard, barreling them open. She fell past the foyer of the gallery, outside the doors, and hit the pavement outside. 
She looked up to see the sorority sisters standing in the walkway. The blond leader stood in front, staring down at her in shock.
“What are you doing, Barbara?” she asked with a dropped jaw.
Barbara peered back into the open doors to the gallery, but there was no one there. The figure had vanished.
“Barbara?” Lucy said as she stepped out from behind the group of sorority sisters.
Some of the girls were giggling at the fact that Barbara lay on the pavement, stark naked, but Lucy was more concerned with the frightened look on her roommate’s face.
Again she said, “Barbara. Are you okay?”
16
Barbara realized the gallery was not a place to be at night. There were stories of campus muggings and hoodlums attacks.. The campus police had been sending out bulletins and warnings to all of the departments for weeks, warning students to be on the lookout for suspicious visitors. 
Barbara didn't report the attack on her in the gallery to anyone because she wasn’t supposed to be in the gallery at night. The sisters had broken into it. Naturally they didn’t want campus authorities knowing that they were breaking into school buildings at night and making their rushes stand naked in front of school property.
For her discretion about their activities, they rewarded her with membership to the sorority. 
For safety reasons, she decided only to visit the art gallery during early morning hours. Every other morning, she found herself alone with the painting, but at least it was daylight outside. 
She sat on a bench across from the painting, staring at it. Her sketchbook rested on her lap. She made multiple sketches of the painting throughout the sketchbook. She had drawn the painting from almost every angle that she could achieve. She tried to draw as well as the artist did. She didn’t feel that she would ever match his skill. 
She spent so much time studying the style of this artist that she felt confident she’d recognize his other work immediately. The problem was that she had already spent hours and hours looking at other contemporary works. Yet she still couldn’t find anyone who drew or painted in the same style as the unknown artist. He was truly one of a kind and very well hidden. She, like the rest of the art community, was stumped.
The only breakthrough that she felt proud of, the only theory that separated her from other scholars was that she believed that the artist had something to do with the war, directly. Perhaps he even had some connection to Hitler. 
And so, she spent the rest of her time browsing the library. She read books on Hitler’s life. She read books about his politics. She read Mein Kampf. She even read a book that claimed Hitler’s death was actually a murder made to look like a suicide. She guessed it was to save his honor. With all of the research that she had done about Hitler, Barbara had become an expert on him. Still, she was having trouble piecing it all together. She was certain that she was closer than anyone had ever been. 
Barbara looked at an old, black clock that hung from the wall. The time was 7:33 a.m. She looked down at her sketchbook and thumbed through the pages. Frustrated, she sighed.
Behind her she heard a noise. It was the sound of a mop gliding across the stone floor. A bubbling sound followed, like the mop was being dipped into a bucket full of soapy water.
Barbara rose and walked beyond the exhibit, around a set of portraits and one large Japanese sculpture. She peered around the sculpture and saw the janitor mopping the floor. She moved in a little closer. It was Evan. Apparently, he was the janitor as well as the groundskeeper. 
“Seems like you have every job on campus,” Barbara joked.
Evan turned. He looked extremely startled, almost unsettled.
“What’s wrong?” Barbara asked.
“I'm not used to being snuck up on anymore,” he said, surprised.
“Snuck up on?” She looked puzzled. “Did people used to sneak up on you?”
“Not really. I fought in the war. Still have the jitters, that’s all.”
“Oh, how old are you?” Barbara asked.
“Twenty-four, I think,” he answered.
“You think?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said.
“Okay, well I’m working in the other room. Is that going to interfere with your mopping? Because I can come back later on,” Barbara said. She smiled at him intensely. 
She was taken aback by his not knowing his age. Maybe he is an orphan or something, she thought. She didn’t want to ask.
“No. You can stay. I can mop around you,” he said. 
Barbara started to walk away.
“Wait,” Evan said. “What are you working on?”
“My thesis,” she said. After a brief pause, she was struck with an idea. “Hey, how long have you worked here? At the college.”
Evan thought for a long moment. He looked away from her. Then he said, “We’ve talked too much. I have to work now. I’m sorry, Miss Howard.”
“Oh, okay,” Barbara said. Then she turned and started to walk back to her bench and return to her work. Suddenly, she stopped for a moment and turned back toward him. “Evan, how did you know my last name?”
He looked up at her and said, “You said it.”
“No, I didn’t. I’ve never told you my last name. I’m positive,” Barbara said, puzzled.
“Oh. I think I heard one of your sorority friends talking about you. Lucy something. That’s it. I must have heard her say it in the hall. I hear a lot of things around here,” Evan replied.
“Maybe,” she said. “But I don’t think so. Have you looked at my school records?”
“No,” he said. “I’d lose my job if I did something like that.”
“Okay,” she said. “I believe you. I was just wondering. Sure you don’t want to help me with my thesis?”
Withdrawn at first, Evan scratched the stubble on his face. Barbara was rarely attracted to men with long hair, but Evan’s hair fit his face. It was long, but still cut above his shoulders. It cradled his face perfectly. 
“I’ll listen for a minute until people start coming in. Because then I’ve got to return to work,” he said.
“Okay,” she said.
Evan leaned the mop against a blank space on the wall between two portraits. He followed her to a familiar painting, The Secret of Lions. His eyes widened as they approached it. He hadn’t visited it in a long time. It was a little shocking to see that it was the painting that she was studying.
“Are you okay?” Barbara asked, noticing when he reacted strangely to the painting.
“Yes,” he answered.
“I’m sure that you know about this painting. I’m writing a thesis on it. The challenge that I’m experiencing with this thesis is that I want to write something profound about the secret in The Secret of Lions, something that has never been discovered, by anyone, like who painted it. However, I am getting nowhere. The only leg that I have up on anyone else who has investigated the painting is that I think that the positioning of the painting is important. I think that it has something to do with the war. Still I am lost.”
“Positioning?” Evan asked.
“The painting was placed here on this wall, near the ghastly, Holocaust paintings, and also near some famous works on the other wall. It struck me as symbolic,” Barbara said.
“What do you mean, symbolic?”
“Honestly, it may be nothing, but I thought, why would the university hang such a beautiful painting in this spot? And I remembered a slide that Dr. Blake showed us in class.”
“Dr. Blake?” he asked.
“He’s a new art professor,” she said. 
Evan nodded. Although she suspected that he had not actually seen Prof. Blake. A fact that was unusual since he was such astute observer of everything else.
Then she continued, “He showed us a photograph of Adolf Hitler standing in his office. Well, this painting or a painting exactly like it was in the background. So I think that the painting must have been painted within the last 10 years or so,” Barbara said.
Evan listened and his blood rushed through his veins like a river of intrigue. For the first time, he realized that he wasn’t as hidden as he’d thought. 
Barbara could see uneasiness come over Evan, but he stayed composed. So she continued, “I think that the painting might even have something to do with Hitler.”
Barbara. You are going to discover me. You are going to discover my secrets, Evan thought. I am not safe from you.
“So I figured that perhaps the artist is a friend of Hitler’s. Maybe he gave it to him as a gift.  Maybe he’s someone close to Hitler?” she said. 
“You’re not from here.” Evan said, changing the subject.
“New York,” Barbara said.
“Interesting,” Evan said.
“Have you ever been there?” she asked.
“I’ve always wanted to go there.”
“Why haven’t you?” 
“I just don’t venture too far from Europe. Besides I prefer European art. It has had a much longer life. It’s had time to flourish. American art has not had a long life. European art is divided into periods because of its long history.”
“That’s true,” she said. “I never thought about that, but even in the U.S. we study European art a lot more than we do American.”
“Yeah, American art is better in other mediums. America has a good canon of literature and philosophy, unlike paintings. But don’t worry, America is still young.”
Barbara was fascinated by Evan’s academic knowledge of the arts. 
“Don’t look surprised. The people who clean up after other people are usually well informed,” he said.
“Of course, I didn’t think that you were stupid. I’m just a little shocked that you know so much about art. You should enroll in classes. Why don’t you?” Barbara asked.
“Why pay the tuition when I can get paid to be around all of these great, young artists? Not to mention that with my job, I can come in here and stare at these paintings whenever I want to. You may be the student, but I hold the keys,” Evan said.
Barbara couldn’t tell if Evan was joking or not. If not, his answer made sense.
“So, what are your thoughts of The Secret of Lions? Do you think it’s worth all of the attention?” she asked.
Although Evan seemed interested, he also seemed put off by it. Yet, his interest was different from her fellow scholars.
“It’s a good painting,” he said.
“That’s it. Hold on. A minute ago you were giving me all this stuff about your love of art. And now you have a short answer for this one. 
“The way you were talking gives me the feeling that if you were asked to, you could lecture a seminar about Monet, Da Vinci, or Rembrandt.”
“Yeah,” he said. “This painting is relatively unknown except in certain, elite circles.”
“That’s not good enough, Evan. Do you have any idea about what the secret is?”
“I know the same as everyone else. The painting was mysteriously donated to the school. And no one knows who painted it. Sorry I can’t be more helpful. I’d better get back to work. It was nice talking to you though,” he said. Then he walked off abruptly. 
Barbara was left facing two mysteries: the painting and Evan.
For some reason, she started to wonder if they were connected.
17
Evan stood with the blue hood pulled tight around his head, nearly obscuring his face. The wind blew behind him. He leaned against the girl’s dorm building. A rake with a wooden handle was propped against the wall in front of him. Earlier, he’d raked the leaves around the sidewalks. Now he was waiting.
It was early on a Saturday morning. Evan waited to see Barbara. Every Saturday morning, she got up before everyone else and went for a walk. She liked to walk when there was no one else around. It was a time for her to think. 
He’d noticed her doing it a few Saturdays earlier. 
She ran across the campus and alongside the river. A long path followed the river. It usually was crowded, but not today. Today, the weather was bleak. A thick fog rolled in over most of the ground. As autumn neared its end, cold weather began to creep across the terrain. And so did the foggy season.
Barbara stepped out of her dorm wearing gray pants and a green pullover with a hood. She headed off in the direction of the river. She didn’t appear to notice that Evan watched her. He left the rake and ran after her. He followed her for a short distance and then stopped.
This is crazy, he thought. I can’t chase her.
He retreated.
Barbara glanced back and saw a figure moving away from her through the fog. She knew it was Evan. She had noticed him pretending to be busy raking. She smiled. For a moment, the thought of chasing after him and confronting him crossed her mind. 
I could just ask him to join me for a run, she thought. 
She stopped running and turned back again, but he was already lost in the thick of the fog.
18
In the commons, Barbara sat alone. Although some of her sorority sisters ate in the other corner, she still chose to sit alone. A barren tray rested on the table in front of her. All that was left of her salad was an empty bowl. She still couldn’t get used to English food, so she usually just stuck to her plain salads. 
She thumbed through all of the scribbled notes in her journal. Most were crossed out as dead ends to her research. But one large scribble remained unmarked. It read:
1935?
She guessed the earliest possible date of the conception of the painting. The canvas was slightly worn like it had some minor age on it, but that particular type of canvas was manufactured by an Italian paper company, and they had been in business for only fifteen years. So the painting was definitely created around the time of the war. Since she believed that the painting was representative of the war, she suspected that it was painted somewhere in mid to eastern Europe, probably Germany or Austria. 
The painting had undergone some obvious changes from the one shown behind Hitler in Blake’s slide. Some touch-ups. For no particular reason, Barbara suspected that they were done post-war.
The war is part of the artist’s secret, she thought. Maybe the artist escaped the war. Maybe the secret is about that. Yes, he must have survived the war. Maybe he wants to remain anonymous because he is a wanted criminal.
What does almost every artist dream of? Fame, money, and an audience.
This mysterious artist has the talent and means to acquire all of those. He could have been more than just unknown. If he is still alive, why doesn’t he come forward and claim the prize sought after by most artists?
Barbara thought about this for a while. 
Why not come forward? 
She concluded that was the secret. Not just the identity of the artist, but the story of the painting. Most great works of art had stories, and they were often dismissed. This work of art had a story.
Barbara was determined to find out what that story was.
19
Across the room, near the lunch line, Evan sat at a high-top table. He sat alone. He held a pencil in one hand. A sketchbook lay on the table in front of him. He flipped through multiple pages of drawings. Each page displayed an incredibly detailed image of one woman—Barbara. 
20
The King’s College School of Music’s orchestra played in the auditorium. Evan sat in the dark listening to their practice session. Over the years, he had learned all of the entrances and exits on campus.
 Every semester the school orchestra rehearsed on Tuesdays and Thursdays for their semester’s end concert. The school orchestra was talented. Their concerts were glorious, magnificent, and some of Evan’s favorite times of the year. 
The problem was that it was almost impossible to get tickets to the concerts. They only performed two shows—one on Friday and one on Saturday night. 
However, Evan knew that they rehearsed the entire week before––a dress rehearsal. So he snuck in backstage at least once during their rehearsal week in order to listen. 
The grandiose music rushed through his ears, filling his core with images of passion and lust. He closed his eyes and pictured Barbara. He fantasized about her body in his arms, her skin beneath the prints of his fingers. He caressed the slope of her back with the palms of his hands. 
The orchestra raised the tempo and thus infected his imagination with more passion.
Evan’s sketchbook rested on his lap. Even though he sat in near darkness, his body felt illumination from the music. The sudden illumination on the horizon of his life was Barbara. 
As he listened to the music he drew with his pencil. He let the music guide him, listening carefully. He absorbed the music as it absorbed him. 
In the darkness, across from him, Barbara stood in shock. She had seen him sneaking around earlier and had followed him into the auditorium.
 He draws. He’s an artist, she thought. She couldn’t see what he was drawing. She had never seen anyone draw in the dark before. 
The darkness, she thought. Evan drew in the dark, as though he was hiding his art from himself, like a great secret.
Maybe he knows more about The Secret of Lions than he was letting on, she thought. 
21
The next day, Professor Blake called for Barbara. He asked her to be in his office as soon as possible as if she were being summoned. He told her that it was about her thesis project. 
Barbara periodically reported to him on her progress. He was the head of her graduate committee. She had told him nothing about Evan, but she had reported some of her breakthroughs, like finding out about the canvas company. 
When Barbara arrived, she was greeted by Professor Blake. He was not alone. Inside Professor Blake’s office stood a tall stranger.
“Barbara, this is Mr. Kobnhavn. He’s a lawyer from Denmark. He represents a group of wealthy collectors there,” Professor Blake explained. 
“How are you?” Barbara asked, shaking his hand. She tried not to stare into his icy, blue eyes. Mr. Kobnhavn was an attractive man, except there was something unsettling about him. He had long, dark hair. Long hair on a man was very uncommon. It got him a lot of stares, but no one inquired about it. He wore a blue shirt with brown trousers and a tailored, brown jacket. He looked like a professor, not a lawyer.
“It’s very nice to meet you, Miss Howard,” Mr. Kobnhavn said. He had a strong accent. It was a mixture of German or Austrian. He was slightly muscular for a lawyer. 
Barbara politely smiled.
“Barbara, Mr. Kobnhavn is searching for the artist of your painting. I’ve told him that you will help him as best you can to discover the identity of the painter,” Professor Blake said. “Miss Howard will be perfect for the job that you are requesting, Mr. Kobnhavn.”
“I thank you for your help, Professor Blake. My clients are very clear. I am not to return to Denmark until I have solved one of the greatest mysteries in the modern art world; I must discover who painted The Secret,” Mr. Kobnhavn said. 
“Barbara is a great admirer of the painting, Mr. Kobnhavn. That painting has become her life this semester. Don’t let her beauty fool you; she is reliable and intelligent. If anyone can help you, it is Barbara,” Professor Blake said.
Barbara stiffened her shoulders and felt proud of Dr. Blake’s compliment. 
Charles Blake waved the two of them off as if they were his loyal subjects. Barbara signaled for Mr. Kobnhavn to follow her. The two of them walked out of Professor Blake’s office and into the catacombs of hallways. 
“I think, Miss Howard, that you will have more success if you search for this mysterious painter on your own. You don’t want me tagging along. So here is my card; there is the number for the hotel that I am staying at on the back. Simply contact me there when you discover something,” Mr. Kobnhavn said. He handed her a card.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Kobnhavn, but I’ve already spent months looking for the artist. I don’t think that it will be as easy as just finding him in a matter of days. You may be waiting in your hotel room for a long time,” Barbara said. 
They continued walking together down a long hallway. 
“There is something else, Miss Howard, something that may energize your search.”
“What is that?” she asked. 
“There are two things actually. If you find the artist soon, my client is willing to fully fund your schooling as payment,” Kobnhavn said.
“Mr. Kobnhavn, my schooling is already paid for.”
“In Italy,” Mr. Kobnhavn said. He narrowed his eyes as he expected that she would be enticed by this.
“Italy?” Barbara said. She felt faint. Italy was rich with art history. Barbara dreamed of studying there.
Venice, Florence, or Rome, she thought. 
“Or Paris,” he said, interrupting her thoughts. “If you prefer. The second thing is sensitive. I need to be able to trust you. Can I trust you?” he asked.
“Yes,” Barbara said, though hesitant.
Mr. Kobnhavn pulled a black cloth out of his jacket pocket. The cloth was folded around something. It looked like a book. He removed the cloth. It was a sketchbook with the corners burnt off. The worst damage was on the bottom right corner away from the spine. Barbara could see that it was important to Mr. Kobnhavn. He held it like it was a precious artifact. He opened it up to show Barbara something.
She stared at it, and her jaw dropped. 
Mr. Kobnhavn had opened the sketchbook to a faded drawing, identical to The Secret of Lions. A black lion, drawn to perfection, just like the real one that hung in the gallery. Barbara’s pulse raced. For a long moment, she could not find her bearings. She leaned her hand up against the wall just to stop herself from getting dizzy.
Her mind flooded with questions.
“You can’t tell anyone about this, Miss Howard. The artist of these drawings is the artist who painted The Secret of Lions. I can tell you what I know about him, and then you will understand why you can’t tell anyone. You see the artist of these paintings is a war criminal. He was involved with the Nazis during the war. And if he is caught, he will be tried and possibly killed. His real name is...” He paused for a moment and studied both ends of the hall to make sure that they were alone. They had walked a good ways and were now standing beneath a high skylight in the foyer of Professor Blake’s building.
“Are you sure you want to know this? If I tell you, you must vow to keep it secret,” Mr. Kobnhavn said.
“Yes,” Barbara answered. She couldn’t resist.
“Okay, his real name is Willem Kessler. I know little of him except that he was close to Adolf Hitler. We suspect that he may be a close relative. Some of my partners even suspect that he may be Hitler’s child. In certain circles, the rumors about him are staggering.”
Barbara walked to a chair that rested near a large, crystal clear window.
“I have to sit down,” she said.
“I understand,” Kobnhavn said.
“Wow,” Barbara said. “That is quite a story. That would explain all the secrecy, why he wouldn’t want to be known. Is he dangerous? I mean…is he safe to be around?”
“I have no idea. I’m not even sure how much of the story is true. The only thing that I know is that he is here. 
“My clients wield considerable power. They are also great lovers of the arts. They don’t care for this man’s past. The parties I represent are neutral in matters of the past. Hitler was a monster, and he is dead. We only want to discover the truth of this painting.
“We feel that Kessler just wants to paint and live his life. My client respects that he wishes to remain silent. However, his art is unparalleled. It should be shared with the world.
“If he has more paintings, they should be shared. It is obvious from his talents that he is a progeny of art. We just want to provide him with a safe environment to paint. We want to give him a new identity. So, will you help me?” Kobnhavn asked. 
“Yes,” Barbara said. “Of course.”
Chapter Two
Heart Sketch
22
Barbara awoke with a dry mouth. Her gums felt as arid as a desert. She sat up in bed; narrow slits of moonlight protruded through the blinds. She looked across the room, letting her eyes focus on the heap on the next bed. It was Lucy, fast asleep and snoring, as usual.
Barbara’s dorm room was on the fifth floor in the corner of the building. She rose from the bed. At least they shared a corner room. Most of the other dorm rooms were much smaller. The corner rooms had the most space, including bigger closets. She yawned and stretched her arms as high as her hands would reach. 
Barbara felt her stomach rumble; she had not eaten much lately. She walked out into the kitchen, opened the cupboards, and searched for food. She didn’t see anything that interested her, so she decided to settle on coffee. She looked above the stove and pulled out a coffee mug. She went to the sink and poured water into it. She took a swig. The water was warm. It soaked right into her gums. 
After making coffee, she moved into a common room and sat on a couch. The lights were still off. She sat down in her nightgown and drank some of the coffee. Her mind opened to the pages of the past few weeks, and she reflected. She thought about Kobnhavn and Evan.
She thought about the amazing opportunity that Kobnhavn had presented to her. 
Barbara got up and opened the window. She went back into her room and brought out a sketchbook and some pencils. She sat in a chair by the window. The moon was full and the light trickled in, illuminating the room. She loved to draw in the moonlight. She had been trying to learn to sketch in the dark as she had seen Evan do.
Barbara opened her sketchbook and flipped through the pages. She looked at the details of Evan’s face. She already had strong feelings for him. Every day, she went out of her way to find him in one of his gardens or mopping the floors or repainting the fence near the stream where she ran. She was now running every other day, staying in top physical shape. Whenever she saw him, she’d stop and chat. Their friendship had grown into a real connection.  
Her mother used to tell her, “A hero perishes, and a sparrow falls. You will find your hero in time, young sparrow.” She couldn’t help but wonder if Evan was her hero. He was all she thought about, besides her mysterious artist.
She stared at her drawings of Evan as if he really sat in them, listening to his music. She wondered what he would think if he knew that she watched him when he was buffing the floors. She wondered if he was the artist. The more she got to know him, the more she suspected that he was Willem Kessler.
She asked others, but no one really knew much about him. She wondered if people even looked at him as they passed. She wondered if anyone ever acknowledged him. 
How long have you gone unnoticed, Evan? 
Evan reminded Barbara of the sparrow she liked to draw. He was beautiful and quiet. Somehow, she could not seem to stop drawing or thinking about him.
She flipped to an empty page in her sketchbook. She started to draw when she suddenly heard a sound out in the garden near her dorm. She looked out her window and down to the street. Evan was out there. He was walking. He kicked a bottle along the sidewalk. 
What? What is he doing out there? Where is he going? She thought. She was certain that it was Evan. He carried a knapsack over his shoulder. She saw his long, blond hair. 
Barbara wanted to follow him to discover where he was going so late at night. She knew that she should’ve left him alone. She also knew that it would look bad if she got caught snooping around campus at night. Yet, she couldn’t stand it anymore. She had to confront him about the painting. She was so sure that he was the artist. It had to be him. 
So she hopped up and went to her closet. She pulled out a pair of loose pants. She put them on and slipped her feet into some sneakers. She grabbed a dark scarf and pulled her hair up in it. The top of her gown was still exposed, but she didn’t have time to change into a shirt. She grabbed an old coat from a chair in front of her desk. She neared the door and wrapped herself up in the coat. 
Barbara walked out of the building and onto the street. She looked in both directions. She spotted Evan going toward the far north corner of the campus. She followed him.
Barbara stopped at the corner of a building and peered around it. She saw Evan standing next to a tall statue, a monument to an archaic, university alumnus. He didn’t seem to notice her and he walked out to the road. 
Barbara followed him as he walked off the campus. She was close behind. She stopped and looked back at the campus, feeling slightly afraid. Then she kept following him. 
They ended up in a cemetery. She started to get worried. She wondered what he was doing in a cemetery in the middle of the night. 
Evan was sitting on a tombstone. He stared at another headstone across the path from him. He held a pencil in one hand and his sketchbook in the other. He was drawing.
Barbara watched him. She watched his pencil strokes. She watched him switch from pencil to pencil. When one edge lost its point he would retrieve another from his bag. Barbara wanted to get a better look, so she snuck to a spot just a few tombstones away from him. 
She could see him brush some of the hair away from his face. She thought of how she was always doing that. As Evan did it, she noticed that the bottom of his hand was stained with lead markings from the pencils. 
She moved her eyes across his face. He stopped moving. He knew that he was not alone. Barbara sidestepped and hid behind a tall grave marker. After a brief moment, she peeked out from behind the tombstone and saw that Evan was standing. He looked alert and was holding a black, metallic object in his hand.
A gun! It’s him! Who else would carry a gun? He is Willem Kessler!
She lowered herself all the way to the ground; her back leaned up against a tombstone. She remained there for some time before she dared to move again. She was afraid of him now. Kobnhavn had hinted that he might be dangerous. 
After a long time, she finally summoned the courage to stand up.
Evan was gone. 
Barbara looked around the cemetery. He was nowhere in sight. She went over to look at the tombstone where he had sat. A name was engraved in it: Solomon. She wondered why Evan had been sitting on it. Then she glanced over at the tombstone across from it. It was marked:
Unknown Soldier
“U.S.,” she muttered under her breath. He was definitely the artist that she had searched for. 
Her first instinct was to tell Kobnhavn, but then she thought about confronting Evan. She didn’t know what to do. She wondered what she would say if she confronted him. 
Just the day before, Kobnhavn had made it known to her that his clients were growing impatient and wanted results. Her thesis deserved to be written. Her findings deserved to be known. This was her life. Her future depended on this thesis. 
She needed to think about it.
Her mother would have wanted her to finish it. On the other hand, if her mother had lived, she may have liked Evan, but that wouldn't have stopped her from telling Barbara to do what was right for herself first.
Evan was the one she had been looking for. It was time to make a decision.
23
Another night passed and she wondered if Evan even wanted protection. Maybe he was perfectly happy without anyone knowing who he really was. She started to worry that she had made a tremendous mistake by telling Kobnhavn. Guilty feelings crept up on her and she lamented her impulsive move. 
Kobnhavn’s promises had certainly enticed her into revealing Evan’s secret in the first place. Her greed and ambition had gotten the best of her. She had to find the courage to tell Evan. Tonight would be the night to tell him. Perhaps he would be grateful or perhaps he would resent her.
She looked across the room. Lucy was gone, but some boy was sleeping in her bed. Lucy snuck back out to meet her sorority sisters and left him sleeping in her bed.
Their dorm mother was a nice middle-aged woman. She must have been completely oblivious to the night time activities of Lucy and her sisters.
Barbara decided that drawing would make her feel better. It would relax her nerves. She got out of bed and pulled her sketchbook from underneath it. She gathered some pencils and went into the living room. It was a little hot in the dorm, so she cracked opened the window. 
The night was almost completely clear and the moon was out again, not full just bright. She had continued to practice drawing in dark areas ever since she’d watched Evan do it. Tonight, the moon was so bright that it would provide just enough light for her to draw. Cold air blew in and chilled her skin. She went back into her room and pulled a blanket out with her.
She sat in the chair once more and opened her book. Her latest drawing, made after she had followed Evan to the cemetery a few nights before, was a sketch of a sparrow and a lion. 
It was the best drawing that she had done in a long time. She could close her eyes and imagine it next to Evan’s in the gallery. In fact, she had sketched his painting so many times while trying to learn his style that her style of drawing had evolved to mirror his own. Evan’s style had become hers.
With a pencil tightly clenched in her hand, she began to shade in areas around the lion’s mane. She was making it a black lion.
24
Barbara had closed the window earlier after cold air filled the dorm. Her sketch was so close to being complete that she hadn’t realized that she’d drawn for two hours straight. 
Barbara sighed heavily and finally looked up from her drawing.
Suddenly, she saw someone staring at her through the window. She was being watched. At first, she saw him in the corner of her eye and dismissed it as mere shadows. However, she slowly raised her head and realized it was Evan. 
He sat on a scaffold outside her dorm room window. Barbara froze. She thought about screaming but then felt a strengthening sense of safety with him watching her. She trusted him. He stared at her. She felt as if he was looking through her eyes and into her thoughts. He slowly put his hand up to the window. Barbara stood and walked to the window. She touched the glass. She could feel the heat from his hand emitting through the window. He smiled at her. She smiled back and unlocked the window, letting him enter her dorm. 
“Evan,” Barbara said. “What are you doing out there?”
Evan crawled into the room. He shook off the cold air and looked up into her eyes. 
“I’m sorry to trespass like this, but I had to see you,” Evan said.
“What are you doing here? Watching me like this?” she asked. 
“Barbara, we have both watched each other. I know that you followed me the other night,” he said. “I have to tell you something. I can’t bear to hide it from you anymore. I am the artist you’re looking for. And I think that you already knew.”
“Evan, how do you know that? How did you know that I knew?” Barbara asked.
He reached out to her and gently took her sketchbook. He flipped it open to a sketch of him. 
He looked at her dark, brown eyes. They were glossy. He grabbed her tightly. They kissed, holding each other in a rapturous embrace.
“Evan, I want to go somewhere with you,” Barbara said. 
Evan nodded and took her hand. They started to walk to the window.
“Wait, Evan. Let’s go out the regular way,” Barbara said. They stopped at the front door to her dorm room and she put on a pair of warm slippers. Then they snuck out of the dorm.
Barbara looked up at the moon as she held onto Evan’s hand. He took her through the courtyards and down a maze of buildings and alleys. 
He took her through a privacy fence and down a stairwell. He stopped at a door at the bottom of the stairs. He looked directly into her eyes and smiled as he opened it.
Inside, Barbara could see that it was his apartment. It was rather spacious and slightly plain, except for all of the artwork. In the corner was a small drafting table with paints covering it and piles of drawings behind it. Beautiful paintings littered the apartment. Only a few hung on the walls; most were leaned against the walls or stacked in the corners. Other than the drafting table, the only furniture in the room was a small sofa. A staircase led up to the loft where his bed was. 
Barbara could see that he was definitely the mysterious artist. One of the stacks was all drawings of lions. Another stack was of paintings of various other animals, a wolf and an eagle among them.
“Wow. You’re the best painter I’ve ever met,” Barbara said.
Evan shook his head.
“Why are you shaking your head? Are you modest? Who is the best painter here if not you?” 
Evan pointed at her. He walked over to her and looked at her.
“Da Vinci, Monet, Rembrandt, they’re the best,” he said.
“They’re dead,” she responded. 
“So am I,” he replied. 
She was speechless. 
He continued, “I have a confession.”
“Tell me,” Barbara whispered. 
Evan wondered how she’d feel about him if he confessed. 
Barbara could see that he was scared to tell her. She reached out to him and rubbed her fingertips down his arm. 
“Evan, you can trust me. Tell me,” she whispered again.
“I want to tell you everything. I want you to know who I really am, Barbara,” he said.
“I want to know all of the details,” Barbara said. “I’m not scared to know the truth, Evan.”
Evan paused for a moment and said, “Okay. First, let me get something that will help us.”
He left her for a moment and walked up the staircase to his loft. Quickly, he returned to her with a frayed, old journal.
Evan took her by the hand and led her to the sofa. They got cozy and he opened the journal.
“I'm going to read to you from Willem Kessler’s journal. Everything that I have written here is from several sources: my parent’s journals and letters, my journal, evidence that has been brought to me by the British government, and even Hitler’s private journal. This isn’t his story. It belongs to Willem Kessler. It is Willem’s story. It is my story. This is how I imagine it to have happened. From all of the sources that I have read and remembered, this is the way that fits,” he said.
Part Two
The Eagle Circling
Chapter Three
The Blood Mile
25
My father’s name was Heinrik Kessler. And I only know him from my mother’s descriptions, her journals, evidence that a friend has given me, and my imagination. My mother’s name was Gracy Kessler. Heinrik worked at a prison in Landsberg, Germany in 1923. He was a captain in charge of the prison guards. My mother said that even though he was of average build, he had the heart of a lion. 
Inside the prison, the cells smelled of death and decay, even to the nostrils of the guards, who had smelled the same stench night and day. The smell never left them. When they finished for the day and returned to their homes, they could still smell it. Often, my father would shower twice a day. 
The cell doors were small and wooden, each with a circular spy hole in the center. A number was engraved at the top of every cell. The engravings were archaic and barely legible. The outside of every door glistened with a wet-brownish color, like the color of the trees in the harsh, hot rains that swept up from the Mediterranean Sea during the summer months. Storms gathered over the great sea. 
They gained momentum as they traveled through the North Sea and along the Netherlands’ coast. The weather from the coastline dictated the weather in central Europe, almost as much as Eastern Europe’s January winds were affected by the winters in Siberia. As the coming storms gathered over the Mediterranean Sea, they also gathered over Germany and the rest of Europe.
The spy hole for each cell door was barricaded by small, steel wires. The steel shimmered with a black, reptilian color. They reminded Heinrik of the way that the black rocks looked on the lakebed near the house he and his wife dreamed of buying. 
He walked up and down the corridor with a long, brown rifle. The end of it was fitted for a sharp blade—a bayonet, but that blade had long been removed. It was an infantry rifle, not unlike the one that he fought with in the Great War. Heinrik had fought for his beloved Germany. Besides the rifle, he also carried a combat knife. The blade was once razor sharp. In the war, he had done horrible things with it, things that he’d rather forget. 
Most of the watch guards carried a Luger, a standard German pistol. It was easier to draw a pistol on a fleeing convict than a rifle. But he preferred a rifle because of its range. 
It was uncommon for him to be posted in the halls. Usually he was in the yard, but tonight the guards were shorthanded and he needed to fill in.
Sounds protruded from the cells surrounding the corridor. They were the sounds of the insane. Voices raved. Each voice plagued his dreams when he returned to the solace of his home. Every day he heard them and every night he took them home and stored them in the back of his mind, not allowing discovery by his wife. Many of the prison’s occupants were violent, so he had to stay vigilant. 
Heinrik made his way to cell thirteen, Adolf’s cell. It was the only quiet cell on the corridor. That was what was so odd about cell thirteen. It was quiet. This worried my father. He suspected that the prisoner inside was conspiring, like the brewing storms. He was gearing up, preparing for something dangerous.
The cell was dark inside and smelled of urine. The normal guard always stopped on his route every night at this one cell. The guards were all informed to especially check cell thirteen; it was the main stop on their rounds.
My father rested the butt of his rifle on the concrete floor and leaned over to gaze through the spy hole. He could only make out shadows. His eyes adjusted to the dim light that crept in through the bars on the cell’s window.
Outside of the prison, the storm rumbled. The rain pounded on the buildings. Droplets sprayed in through the window; the roof leaked. Heinrik could hear rain hitting the floor, piling up into a small ravine of rainwater. The sound of the falling rain left a residing, banshee-like echo. It filled his ears. 
For a moment, that sound was all that he could hear. However, as his ears adjusted to the stillness of the cell, he began to hear something else. He could hear steady breathing. It was faint at first. He thought that maybe the occupant was sleeping. However, he knew better. He knew that even as this occupant slept, he was never idle. The silent prisoner’s mind was always vigorously working. Often Heinrik would see Adolf lying in his bed writing. He kept a journal with him almost everywhere he went.  
The breathing became louder. Heinrik heard panting. It was coming from the center of Adolf’s room. My father crept closer to the door, leaning in. His vision began to clear and he could see the figure of the cell’s occupant. The prisoner sat in the middle of the room. Heinrik’s eyes squinted. He tried to focus. The outline of the prisoner rose to a stance. He faced the window. 
A lightning bolt flashed outside. It startled Heinrik and he drew back a little. He returned to his position at the door, but this time he looked even harder. Inside the cell, he could make out Adolf’s figure again. He stood in the nude. There were red markings all over his body. My father noticed the same markings drawn all over the room—the walls, the ceiling, the floor, everywhere. 
“What are the markings you have drawn on yourself?” my father blurted out over the screaming that emitted from the other inmates down the corridor.
The man in the cell did not answer back. Instead, he continued to stare out the darkened window. 
Heinrik could hear him mumbling something. His ears focused on the prisoner’s words. He could barely make them out.
“Swastika, swastika, swastika.” This was the word that Adolf chanted over and over. His eyes were tightly shut. The lightning filled the sky through the window. This illuminated the cell again; Heinrik could see the room clearly. The drawings that covered the room resembled a Greek cross with each edge bent. Not many people had ever seen this design before. Never had my father been more frightened by a symbol than that night.
The lightning struck again and Heinrik noticed that the prisoner’s arm gyrated profusely. He was masturbating to a picture that rested in his hand. It was a drawing of a woman. She looked familiar. He could have sworn that it was Gracy, his wife, my mother, but he could not tell for sure.
“Go away!” the prisoner screamed.
Heinrik jerked away from the door and left cell thirteen.
26
Six Months Later
A sparrow flew over the prison yard. Its black wings fluttered under the warm sunlight. It followed its destiny. 
The prison yard was empty, except for one prisoner and a handful of guards. The prisoner preferred to be separate from the rest of the inmate population. From the day that he’d arrived, he’d gotten everything he’d desired. For reasons unknown to Heinrik, Adolf’s requests went directly to the warden.
He sat on a rickety bench in the middle of the yard, sketching something. Occasionally, he looked up from his drawings and stared into the sky as if contemplating the next stroke of his pencil. The sparrow circled above him as if it were lost. The prisoner doubted the bird was lost. He viewed it as a sign, a symbol of fate. 
Heinrik Kessler sat twenty or more meters away from the other guards. This was his first time guarding Adolf. The other guards joked about how they were assigned to follow around one political prisoner every day at lunchtime. They never spoke to him or even near him. It was forbidden to speak directly to him unless he acknowledged them first. This order was issued directly from the warden. 
Heinrik ignored the conversations of the other guards. Instead, he watched the prisoner. He felt curious about the man, as though he had seen him before, but was unsure from where. Having so much freedom in a prison, Adolf was important. The thought of what the man was imprisoned for scared Heinrik. In a prison full of murderers, this one man was granted a variety of allowances afforded to no one else. Heinrik did not keep up with politics. He was more interested in art and music. Yet, he felt that it was dangerous to ignore the politics of this particular prisoner. 
“Kessler,” a voice shouted from behind him. He turned around to see a guard standing at the entrance to the prison’s yard. A beautiful and familiar woman stood behind the beckoning guard. “Your wife is here.”
“Send her in; it’s all right,” he signaled to the guard. 
Gracy walked elegantly into the yard. A hand-stitched picnic basket she’d made rested in her grasp. She approached her husband and his fellow guards with an impressive smile on her face. She was the key to Heinrik’s happiness. And they could all see why. She was breathtaking. 
After the Great War, Heinrik had returned home to nothing. His parents were both accidentally killed by gas bombardments from the German military. The Germans thought that their village was hiding British soldiers. 
My grandparents slept while it happened. Wind carried the gas in large gusts over their home. It seeped into their house and killed them. The locals knew of the war, but no one thought it would come to their small town. Most of the people Heinrik grew up with died in that war. For the longest time, he was alone. Meeting Gracy had changed all of Heinrik’s misery. She’d turned his life around.
Gracy stopped short of the other guards and reached into her basket and pulled out a rolled-up napkin. She handed it to one of them. The guard unrolled the napkin to find fresh, hot rolls. She made baskets of rolls every week and usually brought some. 
The guards said their salutations and Gracy continued toward her husband. She was the only part of Heinrik’s life the other guards cared about. Since he was their supervisor, they didn’t care for him. However, they all liked her. Most of the other guards wondered how Heinrik had such a beautiful wife.
Heinrik kissed her, embracing as if to make them jealous. As he held her close, he looked over her shoulder. The prisoner stared back at him from beyond the other guards. His stare was cold and void completely of any discernible meaning or emotion. It was the first time Heinrik had ever made direct eye contact with him. It gave him an eerie, nightmarish feeling of déjà vu. It was the prisoner’s cold stare that would haunt his dreams from that day forth.
27
20 April 1924
It was a Saturday morning when the large black car drove up to the gates of the prison. Dust rose behind it. The rims on the tires gleamed even under the shadow of the watchtower. The guard approached the driver’s side window and asked the driver for details about his business—what he was doing there, who he was seeing. 
Heinrik worked the gates most Saturdays until noon. Afterward, he followed the prisoner from cell thirteen around in the yard.
Whenever a car approached the gates, Heinrik walked around to the rear of the car. It put him in an advantaged position over the car’s occupants. He stood in their rear, observing their movements. In case of armed hostility, all he had to do was raise his gun and he was automatically in their blind spots.
The driver wore a dark suit and hardly acknowledged the other guard. Heinrik became suspicious. He pulled his rifle up to his chest, so it was in plain view of the rearview mirror. That way the driver of the car could see he was armed and ready for anything. It was a risky threat, but Heinrik was almost positive these men were legitimate agents of the government and not marauders. 
The two men in the backseat wore suits and trench coats. They looked diplomatic or government-like. One man’s receding hairline showed from under his hat. He wore glasses. Heinrik stared at him. He took off his hat and glanced back at Heinrik as if to acknowledge him. He wiped the lenses of his glasses with his tie. 
A strand of blond hair fell across Heinrik’s face, obstructing his vision. He reached up and moved the strand. The bald man returned his gaze toward the front of the car. 
Heinrik could not hear the words exchanged between the driver and the guard at the gate. He moved closer to the car. His hand slid along the butt of the rifle until the trigger was near his fingertips. He was prepared to respond quickly if there was an altercation. 
“Who are you here to see?” the guard asked while looking at their identification papers. “Mr. Schneider?”  
“We are here by permission of Dr. von Ortan, your warden,” the bald man leaned forward from the backseat and answered. The driver produced a writ proving this claim. He handed it to the guard, who studied it carefully.
“I don’t doubt that you are authorized to be here; just tell me whom you are here to see,” the guard said. He leaned against the driver’s side door, handing the writ back to the driver. 
“We are here to see Adolf for his birthday,” the balding man leaned forward again and answered. 
“I will open the gates,” the guard said. 
The black car drove off to the innermost checkpoint. Heinrik saw that they’d brought with them large, blank canvases resting along the passenger seat. As the car drove farther away, he noticed small paint canisters lining the inside of the back window. They’d brought Adolf art supplies for his birthday. 
28
Another day came and it was lunch time. Heinrik was on duty guarding his prisoner. Adolf paced underneath a cluster of trees on the western side of the yard. He walked around all afternoon with a sketchpad and two pencils in his hand. He never actually stopped to draw anything. Normally, he was peaceful and calm. Today, he acted restless. 
Heinrik noted the change in Adolf’s behavior. With Adolf, Heinrik had learned to be ready for anything. Although he was normally calm, the guards were well aware that Adolf’s mood could shift at any moment and without warning. Very quickly, he could become belligerent. Adolf was prone to unexpected outbursts. 
Heinrik didn’t care about Adolf—most of the guards didn’t. He was not afraid of Adolf, not physically, but there was something else about him, something terrifying. 
At this moment Heinrik only wanted to see his wife. She’d said she was going to bring him lunch today. She snuck up behind Heinrik. He almost didn’t notice her because he watched Adolf so closely. 
“Good afternoon, darling,” she said.
Surprised, Heinrik turned to face her. Gracy wore a green, flowing dress. He liked her body’s combination of curves and slimness. She looked like a sculpture of a goddess. The image of her engraved into him as if God himself had chiseled it into his brain. She was beautiful. 
Heinrik was not the only one who stared. Adolf’s gloomy eyes traced her every step.
“Afternoon, Frau Kessler,” Heinrik snorted in such a way so that the other guards and Adolf could hear him. He enjoyed reminding them that Gracy was his wife and that he went home to her. 
“I hope that you brought me a delicious turkey sandwich.”
“I did,” she said. He motioned for her to follow him. The two of them walked to a nearby dirt mound. A dead log lay on the ground next to it. It made a perfect bench, so they both sat on it. 
For the moment, Heinrik forgot to watch Hitler. Instead, he enjoyed the lunch Gracy had brought. 
“How has your day been? Any excitement?” Gracy asked. Her eyes revealed her eagerness to hear an entertaining story.
Gracy complained that her days were rather banal. She needed his stories for the excitement. The truth was his days were very routine. Still, he indulged her with stories of prison breaks, fights, or mysterious visitors, anything to entertain her. 
The only terrifying story he had was the night he’d witnessed Adolf in his murky, dank cell—masturbating. And that one, he kept to himself. Not even the other guards knew about it.
“Actually, there was a rumor floating around that…Never mind. It’s probably not true,” Heinrik teasingly boasted.
“What? Tell me. I want to hear it,” Gracy begged. She pulled in close to him. Her hands squeezed tightly around his left arm. 
Heinrik looked down at the dirt around his boots for a moment and smiled. 
“Well, there was this rumor that a woman came in the other day to visit her husband, a prisoner named Meulette—an Algerian anarchist, who was captured in Munich for his involvement with something, I don’t remember what. 
"Anyway, his wife came here to see him.”
“Yes, go on,” Gracy said.
“Well, she brought him a large loaf of French bread. I guess she thought that was appropriate because Algiers is a part of the French empire,” Heinrik said.
“I know that,” Gracy said.
“Anyway, she walked into the visitor’s area with it. She tripped on her way in. The bread bounced off the ground, and when it finally stopped bouncing, a sharp metal object protruded from it. The guards discovered she had baked the bread around a handsaw.”
“That’s not true. I don’t believe you,” Gracy said, smiling.
“Well, it happened,” Heinrik said, shrugging his shoulders.
“You’re making that up.”
“Gracy, I wouldn’t lie to you,” he said, half smiling. 
Gracy laughed.
“You are strange sometimes,” she said. She leaned in to kiss him. 
Heinrik caressed her face with the back of his hand. Before he could kiss her, a shadow cast over them. They looked up. Gracy shuddered. Heinrik reached for his rifle, which rested next to him. He stood with the rifle at the ready.
“What the hell are you doing?” he asked Adolf.
Adolf stood perfectly still, holding his pencils and sketchpad down by his side. He gripped them tightly in his left hand. Strands of brown hair fell across his face, mapping the emptiness of his features. All that was memorable about him were two piercing, devilish eyes and slicked, brown hair.
Finally, he spoke. “Are you a Jew? I have never seen one so beautiful. Your blood must be Aryan in origin. My blood is like that,” he said. 
He paused for a moment. 
“I have never told that to anyone before. But I am a hundred percent Aryan.”
Heinrik ignored Adolf’s babble. Instead, he quickly reacted. Without thinking, he butted Adolf in the jaw with his rifle. Adolf fell back and dropped his sketchbook and pencils. 
Heinrik would have continued to beat Adolf with his rifle if it weren’t for Gracy interfering. She grabbed him by the arm and pulled him back. She was far more cautious of people than Heinrik was. Living with discrimination every day, Gracy felt threatened by many of the Germans that crossed her path. She could sense their judgmental, hateful eyes gawking at her.
Heinrik looked back at her. He realized he could lose his job for this. He rested the rifle back against the log and slowly walked over to Adolf. 
“Are you okay?” he asked.
“Yes,” Adolf said. A trickle of blood ran down his forehead. He struggled to stand up but slowly made it.
Heinrik bent over to pick up the pencils and sketchpad, but Adolf leapt over to them. 
“No! Do not touch my sketches! I shall retrieve them,” Adolf said, enraged.
Heinrik backed away from the sketches. Instead, he stood idle while Adolf collected them from the ground. It was an awkward moment for Heinrik and Gracy to wait while Adolf recovered all of his dropped materials. 
Gracy began to approach Adolf; she felt responsible. She thought she should help him gather up his items, but Heinrik halted her by raising his hand in the air, motioning her to stop. He waved her off. 
He did not want her to approach his prisoner. Adolf finally recovered all of his sketches and returned to his feet. Heinrik focused on Adolf’s features; he noticed that Adolf’s forehead bled. 
Concerned for his job, Heinrik took a closer look at Adolf’s head. He didn’t seem to need any medical attention. 
Abruptly, Adolf stood at attention like a soldier.
“No! It is fine. I apologize to you, Heinrik. I did not mean to be so intrusive. I hope that you accept my apology,” Adolf said while gazing at Gracy. He reached his hand out to Heinrik as a gesture of good faith. 
Heinrik, reluctantly, shook his hand. He felt it best to accept the apology. 
A stream of blood ran down Adolf’s forehead. He did not react to it. He turned and walked toward the small, desolate trees that made up one corner of the yard.
Heinrik sat back down with Gracy. He shook his head at her and they continued eating their lunch. 
He never let Adolf out of his sight. 
Adolf never let Gracy out of his mind.
29
The morning sun crept peacefully up over the trees outside of the Kessler home; its somber light scarcely shone in through the curtains. This was unlike the whirling mind of my father. His mind tried to fight off the potent image of Adolf staring at his wife. It was as if he hung off the edge of a cliff and no matter how much he tried to pull himself back up, he could not. Adolf pulled him over, clenching heavily at the bottom of his boots. Heinrik feared that Adolf was over the edge and he would take anyone with him. 
Heinrik’s eyes squinted under the morning’s presence in his bedroom. A glimpse of Gracy’s naked backside overtook him. She lay facing the window. He assumed that she was still asleep and dreaming of the life they wanted. 
Together, they had spent many afternoons planning for the future, and it was a beautiful future. It was a future without steel bars, cages, and guns. And there was no Adolf. Heinrik was a prison guard by trade, but he wanted to be a carpenter. Often, he wondered who was truly the prisoner inside Landsberg prison¬¬¬—the inmates or himself.
He and Gracy saved every penny they could muster. She taught piano lessons to the children of her Jewish friends. She would have gladly taken on German pupils, but most German parents either couldn’t afford piano lessons or they didn’t want their children being taught by a Jewish woman. So she stuck to the children of her Jewish friends. She did not make an extraordinary amount of money teaching piano, but it was enough to help buy groceries for Heinrik and her. 
Heinrik quietly sat up, trying not to wake Gracy. 
The cold steel of a silver chain she’d given him for their anniversary last year fell across his chest. He had slept all through the night without realizing he’d left the necklace on. 
Heinrik got out of bed and made his way to the bathroom sink. He poured a glass of water and drank it. The hot water soothed his throat. He swished the final gulp around in his mouth. Then he spat it back into the sink. The water disappeared down the dark drain. He stared at the hole for a moment. His eyes and thoughts were sucked into it along with his spittle. Again he imagined back to that day when Adolf had confronted him and Gracy. He could not get it out of his head, even now. The way that Adolf had looked at his wife made him cringe.
Something sinister and austere dwelled in Adolf’s eyes. Whatever it was, it invaded Heinrik’s thoughts. He thought of Gracy. He wondered if she still thought about it. She had not mentioned it, not once. Since that day, neither of them had talked about it. But it still lingered in both of their minds. No matter how Heinrik might pretend to ignore it, the image of Adolf speaking to his wife was more prevalent than anything else he tried to focus on.
When Heinrik returned from the bathroom, he found Gracy wide awake and staring out the window. 
“What’s the matter?” he asked, curling up behind her.
“Heinrik, I don’t want to go back to the prison,” she said.
“Oh. All right,” he responded. 
“I mean it, Heinrik. I just don’t want to see that man again. There is something wrong with him,” she said.
“Okay, darling. You don’t have to come up there again,” Heinrik said. He massaged her neck and shoulders. 
“You need to shave,” she said.
He reached up and felt the rough underbelly of his chin. She was right. He would have to shave before work. He got up and returned to the bathroom.
“Heinrik?” Gracy called from the bedroom.
“Yes?” he answered.
“I don’t want you to go back there either,” she said.
Heinrik stopped in front of the sink. He didn’t realize how much Adolf had affected her. He stared at himself for a moment in the mirror and then returned to the bedroom.
“Darling, I have to go back. It’s my job. Besides, we have all kinds of bills to pay and there is our savings account. You know that we almost have enough money to make a down payment on that lake house we want. I can’t quit now,” he said.
“Heinrik, I don’t want you to be around that man. Please don’t go back there,” she begged. 
“Gracy, I have to return to work,” he said. 
She looked down in disappointment and sighed.
“Look,” he began, “I will put in for a transfer request. Okay? I will go back to walking the halls at night or working watchtower duty. Anything other than tending to that maniac, all right?”
“Okay,” she said. 
30
Archaic plaster and rock lined the walls of the corridor that led to the warden’s office. Heinrik walked down the hallway. Crumbling tiles littered the floor. Heinrik couldn’t help but take note of this. 
His shirt collar was perfectly starched and straight. He wanted to look presentable for his boss. As with most Germans, Heinrik was proud of his heritage and heartbroken by the losses they’d sustained in the Great War. 
Many German families raised their children to have a strong work ethic. And even though much of Germany was ashamed for losing the war, still they gave all of themselves to their jobs. This was especially the case when there wasn’t a lot of money to go around. It helped to distract them from being underpaid and out of money. Most Germans, Heinrik included, sank themselves into their work.
The Treaty of Versailles required that Germany pay twenty million dollars to the countries of Europe after they were defeated in the Great War. This was an enormous amount of money, not to mention, it was tremendously embarrassing for Germany. They lost the war, plus they had to pay the cost of it. 
In fighting the war, Germany had also racked up debt. They did not have money to spare to pay for these debts. They were conquered, defeated, and given the bill as further punishment. 
Heinrik actually agreed that Germany owed Europe reparation money; however, he kept this thought to himself. He accepted the price they had to pay because that is the price of peace. He also realized just how precious a good job with a good wage was. He didn’t want to lose face in front of his boss, but he would do anything Gracy asked.
She wanted him to get away from Adolf. It didn’t matter whether he quit or not. Being honest with himself, Heinrik wanted to be away from Adolf as well. He knew the hatred for Jews that Adolf expressed. He experienced it secondhand because of his wife. Even before the war, a seed of hatred had long since sprouted in the hearts of many Germans, Austrians, and other Europeans. 
This was especially true among returning soldiers. Many soldiers were bitter about their defeat. They peddled Jew-hating propaganda as much as anyone else. Heinrik was a German and married to a Jewish woman. He experienced persecution for his feelings for Gracy. It used to be a little safer for Germans and Jews to date or marry, but the war changed all of that. 
Upon their homecoming with a defeated spirit and a sense of lost pride, the German soldiers had no work to return to. Jews owned much of the land and businesses, so naturally they became the focus of bitter hatred and animosity. 
Normally, Heinrik’s friends and coworkers said nothing about it. Even the true anti-Semites kept their mouths shut. Whether it was out of respect or the fact that Gracy was barely distinguishable as an Austrian Jew, neither answer made any difference to Heinrik. 
But Adolf had a way about him. Heinrik could not tell what it was, but something drew him near the man and something else made him want to escape Adolf’s presence. So today he would abide by the wishes of his wife, as well as his own. He would request a transfer away from Adolf. 
“Heinrik Kessler? You can go in now,” a young woman said from behind a small desk. 
“Thank you,” Heinrik said. He drifted into the warden’s office.
Inside, a husky man sat behind a large, metal desk. A typewriter and a metallic, black telephone rested on the surface. A ceiling fan twirled. Heinrik could make out particles of dust swirling through the air as he looked over the desk at the warden.
“Good morning, Kessler. What can I do for you?” the warden asked. He didn’t bother standing to shake Heinrik’s hand. 
“Yes, sir,” Heinrik said.
“Damn, Kessler, have a seat,” the warden said.
“Thank you, sir,” he said.
“What can I do for you?” the warden asked again. 
“Well, sir, I was wondering if I might request a transfer to another section of the prison or maybe a different detail.”
“Why, Kessler? You have a good thing going right now. You’re one of my supervisors. Why leave such a desirable detail?”
“I just want to go back to walking the halls or watchtower or something else,” Heinrik said.
“Why would you want to do that?” the warden asked. His hand finally appeared from under the desk. He pinched the bottom tip of his chin.
“Well, it’s my wife. She doesn’t want me watching Adolf. He frightens her as well as me,” Heinrik said, impulsively. He felt more relaxed than before.
“Heinrik, this is a prison. All of the men in here are prisoners. They scare a lot of good people. That’s why Mother Germany wants them locked away,” the warden said.
“Yes, sir,” Heinrik responded.
“Besides, Kessler, wouldn’t she rather that you are on special prisoner assignment instead of being back guarding the general population? The general population is much more dangerous. Tell her about that fight that broke out last week. Remember some prick stabbed Stockhelm? Shit, Kessler. The man died in the infirmary. His wife and kids were in my office, crying. Crying, Kessler,” the warden said.
“I know what you are saying, sir,” Heinrik turned to walk out of the office. 
“Wait, Kessler.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Your wife is part Jewish, right?”
“Yes, sir. Why?” Heinrik asked.
“Come back in, Kessler,” the warden said. “Look, Heinrik, I’m not sure why a man of German descent would want to get mixed up with a Jew anyway, but you can do as you please.
“I don’t know much about Adolf’s background, and I can’t predict where he is headed, but I can tell you something. He is a dangerous enemy to have. And worse yet, he has dangerous friends. He is important in the Nazi party. 
“Look, I don’t have anything against you, but you married a Jew, which makes you a Jew. I am going to give you this transfer. We will find something else for you. In the meantime, you will have to stay with the Nazi. All right?”
“Yes, sir,” Heinrik said, nervously picking at the seams near the bottom of each front pocket of his trousers. He felt his nails digging into his legs. It greatly upset him that he had to endure racial slurs from his boss. Yet, he didn’t want his boss to see his rage, but somehow he sensed that the warden knew anyway.
“Heinrik, I don’t mean any disrespect, but these are scary times we live in. 
“I heard that you have already experienced Adolf’s hostility when you and your wife ate lunch out there in the yard. And maybe it’s my fault for not taking that privilege away from you. But it’s too late for that now. So just tell her to stay at home for now and we will move you when we have a slot open,” the warden said.
Heinrik waited until the warden had finished his last words and then thanked him for his time. He walked out of the office and made his way down the corridor. He stopped dead in front of the stairwell. Heinrik shut his eyes tight and leaned against the bottom rail of the stairs. 
Musty air filled his nostrils. He forced his eyes open; they were red. He looked around. The hall was empty, so he let out his anger.
“The hell with you!” he shouted, aiming his voice back down the hall to the warden’s office. “She is my wife!”
Heinrik’s eyebrows furrowed with anger. He and Gracy had lived pretending that anti-Semitism wasn’t real. They thought that it was a phase that the entire country was going through. They thought that it would pass. But it hadn’t. They tried to fit in. Most of the time, they ignored everyone else around them. Their biggest problems occurred whenever they went out together. Eating meals, grocery shopping, going to the park, and even going to Heinrik’s church on Sundays meant that they would be confronted with gawking looks, judgmental smirks, and severe mistreatment. 
Sometimes the smirks and mistreatment got to be so unbearable that they had to relocate to a new church. Heinrik was Catholic, but they had already gone through every Catholic and Protestant church they could find. So they were forced to join a nondenominational church in order to have a church to attend. 
Heinrik felt a blistering sting in the back of his throat. He swallowed, but the sting was still there. He’d worked in this prison for a long time. He did want to leave, but at the same time it was the only work he had known since the war. 
It was not the right time to be out of a job. The streets were flooded with men starving, trying to find work to feed their families. Germany was in an economic depression. Heinrik's dream for him and Gracy would not die just because she didn't like his job. 
31
Lanterns hung from the ceilings. They populated Landsberg prison’s numerous gothic corridors. The lamps faintly lit the long and short corridors that snaked through the entire complex. Even with the artificial light emitting from the lamps, darkness consumed nearly everything. It was hard for Heinrik to see more than fifteen meters in front of him.
He walked the halls every night until the end of his rounds. 
Heinrik spent most of his time walking the blood mile, a long stretch of dark corridors that housed the prison’s most horrendous and terrifying killers. 
The cells located on the blood mile were solitary confinement only. Each prisoner had his own space and his own world in which he presided. No two convicts were the same. They rarely spoke among themselves. That made them even more frightening. They were like animals.
Heinrik feared that each of them plotted against him. He feared that one might be waiting for the perfect moment to strike out against him as he passed. He feared that a prisoner might be waiting in his cell just behind the door, lying silently in the shadows, waiting for him to follow the commonly traveled footpath in front of the cell. The doors were old, some even frail. Heinrik feared that a prisoner might have successfully busted one out. He might be waiting for him in the darkness, coiled in the corner behind the cell door with a shiv clenched tightly in his hand, ready to spring out.  
The prison was old and had limited funds for new guards, much less to replace these doors with new ones. So instead the repairmen would come and take down the old, brittle doors and replace them with sturdier ones from other rooms in the prison. That was the reason why so many faculty rooms and offices were missing doors. Sometimes the warden would even recommend doors be replaced with the broken ones. As a result, many of the guard towers had old, broken cell doors serving as their entrance portals. 
The sound of dripping water echoed somewhere in the darkness, penetrating the deepest regions of the halls, as well as the deep crevices of Heinrik’s ears. Attempting to ignore the sound, he tried to think about Gracy. Instead his thoughts were flooded with images of Adolf. In particular, he thought about that night when he had first seen Adolf in his cell. He’d masturbated to a picture of someone.
Who was Adolf looking at? Who was he masturbating over? Heinrik asked himself on more than one occasion. The very thought of what he had seen disgusted him to his very core. Adolf was by far the strangest prisoner, if not person, he’d ever met.
Some days Adolf spent talking to himself in the yard. It was a peculiar sight to see. His behavior wasn’t like a man in self-reflection. He wasn’t just talking to himself. 
Adolf was giving speeches to invisible audiences. He was scheming. It was as if he were practicing for some unforeseen time when he would be speaking in front of enormous crowds of listeners. Adolf rehearsed for something. 
Heinrik was afraid of what he planned. 
The warden confided in Heinrik that Adolf was a political prisoner and prominent member of the Nazi party. Heinrik did not follow politics fanatically like others did, but he knew the Nazi party was steadily gaining momentum in Germany. 
They gave suggestions and answers to many of Germany’s economic problems. Of course, many of their solutions referred to the Jewish problem. They intended to unite Germany in this racial, hate-motivated belief that the Jews were solely responsible for the misery and poverty that stretched from one end of Germany to the other.   
Adolf was a Nazi—a very, powerful Nazi. Gracy was scared of him and she was scared of Heinrik being around him. 
What if Adolf’s views of Jewish people become Germany’s views of Jewish people? What if Adolf’s views of Jewish people become Heinrik’s? she thought. 
Evan broke away from reading the journal for a moment. He was quiet. He just stared at the pages. Then he continued.
My father loved her. She told me he loved her more than she dared imagine. He would have never betrayed her. But it was a time of deep depression, and for most people the Nazis were an attractive alternative. She was right to fear Adolf. I wish my father had trusted her instinct. I wish he had listened to her.
Suddenly, a shadow moved down the hall from Heinrik. He looked up. He could not make out what had moved, but it was definitely something. 
Wind blew out the hanging lanterns. Almost in an eerie rhythm, each lantern waved back and forth, one after the other like a long sequence of pendulums illuminating the sandy floor. Heinrik rose to his feet, his eyes squinting to make out a figure standing at the end of the hall. Heinrik could hear the sound of dripping water becoming louder. 
He reached for his rifle. It hung on a sling around his back. Quickly, he pulled the bolt action on it, chambering a bullet. He watched the figure begin to sway at the other end of the hall in unison to the swarms of swaying lanterns. He slowly walked toward the intruder. 
“Who are you?” he called out. The intruder did not answer.
Passing by each cell, Heinrik studied the doors of each and made sure they were tightly secured. He did not want to fall prey to a trap. 
Startlingly, the lanterns that hung between Heinrik and the figure began to burst and shatter, frightening him. 
Glass broke off into hundreds of tiny pieces. The lantern closest to him was the first one to go out, followed by the second. He drew closer and closer to the figure. The face was blurry, but it seemed familiar. It was Gracy. 
“Gracy?” Heinrik said.
She turned and sprinted swiftly down the hall. He chased after her. The dripping sound was louder now. Heinrik stopped in the middle of an intersection of hallways. He looked down the left corridor and saw her turning the corner.
“Gracy!” he yelled. Heinrik chased after her. His rifle snagged on a loose door hinge and he let it drop to the ground. “Gracy, stop!” he screamed.
Heinrik turned the last corner and stopped. She was standing in the open doorway of Adolf’s cell. Dust filled the air around her. 
“Gracy? What are you doing?”
She did not answer. She glanced back at him once, and then with no warning she leapt into the darkness of Adolf’s cell. The opening resembled the open pit of a dark mouth. The pitch-blackness of the cell swallowed her up, making a slurping sound afterward. 
She dove into the darkest bowels of the prison.
“Wait!” Heinrik yelled.
 He ran toward the cell, but the door slammed shut behind his wife. He grabbed the bars in the small portal to the cell and shook them violently. He could not open the door, no matter how much he struggled with it. 
Heinrik paused from his struggling and peered into the darkness, hoping to discover what was happening. It was to no avail; he could not see anything. After an excruciating moment of waiting, a moment that filled Heinrik with a gruesome agony that swelled up in the pits of his soul, he could hear breathing. Each breath sounded heavy at first and then intensified with each lingering second. He squinted and tried to make out the shapes in cell thirteen. 
He could see shadows moving in such a way it appeared cadenced, violent, and even sensual. He squinted harder until he could see exactly what was happening. 
Gracy and Adolf thrust repeatedly. It was the most terrifying moment of Heinrik’s life. Heinrik loomed in horror as Adolf thrust in and out of his wife. 
“Oh, Heinrik,” she moaned.
“NO!” he shouted. “Gracy, that’s Adolf Hitler! Not me! It’s Hitler! STOP!” 
But his protests were useless. It was not that she could not hear him. The Gracy he saw before him turned and looked directly at him. She could hear him perfectly. She just did not care about his protests. She belonged to Hitler now. Heinrik trembled at the sight before him. His powerlessness consumed him in an instant. All he could do was watch. 
Candlelight flickered behind Hitler. Heinrik could see him perfectly now. His white body straddled and thrashed against hers. 
Suddenly, the sight of the two bodies encircled in each other enraged Heinrik. His mind became overwhelmed. He clenched his hands around the cold steel bars in the window of the door to cell thirteen. He jerked them violently. He jerked them until he lost all of his strength. He jerked them until blood ran from his fingernails. 
The sudden feeling of falling jerked Heinrik back to life.”
“Hold it a second,” Barbara interrupted the story. 
She said, “How do you know what your father was dreaming and thinking?”
“Like I said, some things are from my imagination. It’s the whole story the very best that I can tell it,” he said. 
She nodded.
“No more interrupting,” he said. He leaned in and kissed her.
Then he kept going.
Heinrik awoke still sitting in his chair, alone in the gloomy darkness of the blood mile. He had fallen asleep and he had never been so glad to be awake.
32
Gracy lay in his arms, oblivious to the dreams that plagued her husband. Heinrik watched, finding great solace in her restful sleep. He did not want to worry her with the horrible dreams that he’d been having, so he said nothing. Heinrik’s arm fell asleep under the weight of Gracy’s body, but he did not want to move her in order to free it. He decided that it was best to let her sleep. She looked far too peaceful, far too beautiful. She was completely unaware of the evil that had befallen him. They were completely unaware of the evil that had befallen them both. 
As if it were meant to happen, she woke up on her own. Gracy could sense that he was awake and she turned to him.
 “Darling, what’s the matter?” she asked.
 “Nothing,” he lied while forming a deceptive smile, a smile that she had learned to see through; even still she never questioned his authenticity or his genuine love for her. But that smile gave him away. Instead of prying, she changed the subject.
“Darling, there is something I wanted to tell you. Something is going on.” She squirmed in his arms and readjusted herself so that she was at eye level with him. Her long, black hair fell across her neck and down her back. It snaked like a river flowing around the contours of her body.  
“What is it?” he asked.
She paused for a long moment. Her eyes focused on his, leaping from one to the other. She felt this was the moment, a perfect moment to tell him the truth.
“I’ve been keeping a secret from you,” she said.
“Secret? What secret?” he asked, nervously.
“I'm pregnant.”
Heinrik took a deep breath and let it out. Stunned, he was swept away by her words.
“Heinrik?”
“That’s great. It’s wonderful,” he smiled at her. She could tell this smile was a true smile, filled with all of the happiness and pride of a new father. His child was coming. 
They had waited for this moment for a long time. It felt right—creating a new life. It was what they had always wanted, a child of their own to rear in a world of peace, a world where the child could grow up knowing everything was safe for him.
Heinrik couldn’t help but be filled with both joy and fear simultaneously. 
After thinking about a new child, Heinrik began to think of the realities of that venture. A sense of sheer terror came over him. Suddenly, it was clear that politics did matter.
33
5:00 a.m.
The morning smelled of gasoline and cigarettes. Delivery trucks passed in and out of the prison. They started their daily drop-offs of supplies. The truck drivers shifted in their seats. 
The prison’s different crews changed shifts. Graveyard became day shift. Guards approached the entrance to the prison. They wore fresh clothes and walked in with full bellies. The sun was out, but it was barely visible through the thick fog. Heinrik walked in front of the prison’s oversized gates. The prison guards staggered along the tops of the high walls. A single guard patrolled the westernmost wall. A sniper rifle rested under his arm. 
Although Heinrik had been reassigned, the prison staff was shorthanded. He agreed to fill in as necessary. One of his duties had become to walk Hitler in the mornings. It was only for thirty minutes, but still he dreaded it.
It was just about time for Hitler’s morning walk. Heinrik glowered at the thought of him. 
Hitler should have become a distant memory. He should have been forgotten by now, left in the ashes of Heinrik’s mind. There should have been no more reason to worry about that man. Gracy had forgotten him, but Heinrik’s dreams and fears would not allow him to forget. 
Upon entering the guards’ walkway, Heinrik heard the blare of the alarm. It screeched over and over. It emitted from the loudspeakers. The nearest one to Heinrik was out in the hallway, near the main staff entrance. He searched franticly for another guard, someone to tell him what was happening. 
One guard was still inside the employees’ lounge. He looked young. Heinrik could tell that he was definitely new and was barely old enough to even be considered a grown man. He looked back at Heinrik with fear in his eyes. The guard did not know what to do. He was completely inept. Heinrik shared his fear and anxiety. The young guard paced back and forth. He looked lost in his own tracks. 
Heinrik had never heard the prison’s alarm go off before, not in the five years that he’d worked there. He remembered participating in numerous training exercises, as was required by the prison, but never did they sound the alarm. He gathered his thoughts and tried to stay calm. He was the highest-ranking guard in the prison. It was his responsibility to rise to the occasion and lead others. The alarm meant that there were prisoners loose; it was up to him to lead the other guards to locate and detain the escaped prisoners.
Heinrik abandoned his lunch pail. He tossed it onto an old table that sat in the middle of the guards’ lounge. The table was littered with playing cards, soda bottles, and old soup cans. The guards were not the cleanest members of the prison staff, but no one complained. 
Heinrik ran out of the lounge, passing another guard who headed toward the yard. On his way out, he turned to Heinrik and said, “Sir. Sir. It’s a prison break.”
Heinrik followed him to the yard. No one was out there. In the distance, Heinrik observed several birds scattering from their perches. The approaching guards startled them. A host of sparrows flew off into completely different directions. Some of the birds became confused by the different flight patterns. They scattered everywhere. Many of them readjusted their flight paths in order to follow their brethren. It was chaos. 
A good number of the day crew had not yet arrived and many of the night crew had already left, leaving few guards to recover the loose prisoners. 
The other guard turned toward him and said, “Follow me into cell block five. I think that’s where we are needed. I heard one of the cleaning guys mention something about block five.”
Five is Hitler’s cell block, Heinrik thought. 
The majority of inmates of cell block five were mental patients. They were dangerous criminals; some were armed robbers, rapists, murders, but most were psychotic. Some had even lost their grip on reality. Some of these prisoners did not believe that they were even in prison. Instead, they believed that they were working a farm or still in the army in the trenches fighting the war. 
One believed he was a POW in a British prison camp during the Great War, never mind that none of the guards spoke English. Heinrik and his fellow guards often chuckled at his expense.  
Heinrik followed his comrade who ran toward a building opposite from the guards’ entrance. He lost track of the other guard for a moment. The guard disappeared into an open doorway. When Heinrik followed, he saw a shadow in the corner of his eye. It was the other guard. He quickly disappeared around the opposite corner. Heinrik picked up his pace and chased after him, trying desperately to keep up.
Before Heinrik could realize what the sound was, the guard shrieked. His inhuman scream echoed in Heinrik’s ears. He gurgled and gagged as if he were submerged underwater. 
Heinrik turned the corner to find a horrible scene. Three prisoners stood around the screaming guard. One of them held the guard by pulling both of his arms back in an inescapable death-lock. He stabbed a shiv into the back of the man’s neck. Heinrik watched as a rusted blade pierced from out of the guard’s Adam’s apple. 
Blood splattered, soaking the collar of his shirt in a wet, crimson color. The guard gyrated and squirmed violently, trying to escape with his life; instead, he weakened himself and sped up his death. Still, he fought, kicking his legs up in the air. Within moments of struggling with his attackers for his life, he was dead. The free prisoners dropped the corpse and turned their focus to Heinrik. 
“Come here, guard, and join your friend,” one of the prisoners said. He gestured at Heinrik with the shiv.
Heinrik froze. 
One of the prisoners knelt down beside the dead guard and picked up his gun. He cocked it and aimed it toward Heinrik. The young, inexperienced guard Heinrik had seen out at the guards’ lounge had suddenly entered from behind. The young guard entered so fast that he startled the prisoners. 
The gun went off. The prisoner shot him, firing three times. The bullets entered into his chest and exited through his back. The first bullet splintered into a cell door on the opposite side of the corridor. The other ricocheted off the concrete wall and shattered the lantern above.
 At that moment, Heinrik ran down the hall. He narrowly escaped his attackers. They chased close behind him. Each time his foot hit the ground, dust shot up behind Heinrik. 
“Stop, guard,” one prisoner called out.
The floor down the corridor was wet. Heinrik slipped and hit the ground hard. Dazed for a moment, he looked up. A cell door was open in front of him. The cell was number thirteen. It was Hitler’s cell. 
Heinrik saw a blurry figure standing in the doorway. He stood almost dreamlike. The face was covered in shadow, but there was a gleam from a metal object in his hand. It appeared to be a razor-sharp shiv. 
Suddenly, the figure moved slightly out of the shadow. It was Hitler. He peered down at Heinrik with a sinister look on his face. He placed a finger over his lips and said, “Shh.” 
Very slowly, he recoiled into the darkness of his cell.
“There you are, guard,” the prisoner said, standing over him. He pointed the gun right at Heinrik’s face. “You are going to die.”
Out of the darkness, from beyond the cell’s door, Hitler stepped out directly behind the three prisoners. The one standing in the far back vanished into the darkness and let out the slightest whimper. Hitler stabbed the shiv straight through him, penetrating through to the other side of his body. The tip of the shiv was visibly poking out of his chest underneath his shirt. The blade retracted out of the man’s back and stabbed once again. 
Heinrik was the only person to witness the brutal slaying.
The second prisoner noticed that his companion was missing. He moved closer to the darkened cell to look for him. Suddenly, Hitler appeared holding two shivs. He slashed out with both blades and cut the man’s throat clean away. 
The prisoner staggered backward toward the wall, his hand gripped tightly around the bloody gash. His head swayed back, the weight of it too heavy for the remaining part of his neck to hold upright. Blood seeped out, covering his chest until the dull colors of his prison clothes became unrecognizable and he fell back into the darkness.
The final prisoner realized what was happening. He turned and fired the gun twice into the blackness of cell thirteen. He paused and started to tremble, stricken with fear. Hitler stepped out into the light. His features were outlined like a silhouette by the morning sunlight that glimmered in through cracks in his cell’s outer wall. 
With betrayal reflected deep within his voice, the final prisoner uttered one final word before his death, “Adolf?”  
A moment later, Hitler pierced both shivs into his chest, completely shattering the man’s ribcage. 
Hitler’s thick, stumpy hands tightly squeezed the shivs’ handles. In a vile act of brutality, he twisted the murderous blades toward each other and then away, as if they were knobs on a mechanical man. He left them there for a long moment, staring into the man’s eyes as he died. The pupils dilated until they lost all sense of life. Finally, Hitler pulled the blood-soaked shivs out of the corpse.
Heinrik watched in sheer terror as the prisoner’s body fell to the ground, flushing out all of its previous flesh color. Very quickly, the body turned into a ghastly, white tone. 
34
Hitler stood over the corpse for a moment and watched as it made a death twitch. 
Heinrik looked up at him; his eyes met with Hitler’s for a long, terrifying moment. Hitler tilted his head slightly. Heinrik had never felt such terror before. The nightmare that he had had about Gracy and Hitler came crawling to the forefront of his mind. His terror in that moment was as close to the fear that he felt in his dream as he could imagine himself reaching. The stench of the prison halls crept into his nostrils, causing him to relive every sensation that he’d endured in that horrible nightmare. 
In his nightmare, Hitler had embraced Gracy, and Heinrik had been powerless to stop it. Heinrik’s words and protests were useless. Gracy ignored them. The nightmare had become real, too real. The horror overwhelmed him. 
He was exhausted from the chase, from the tension. He felt faint. His fatigue was so potent that he blacked out. 
35
Trees rustled under the weight of the heavy wind. Special investigators, soldiers, and night guards populated the prison yard as they walked up and down, surveying the attempted prison break. A furious warden stood with them. He had been called in on his day off. He was forced to help wade through the unexplained events of the failed prison break and the dead bodies that lay in its wake.
My father was the key to the entire perplexing event. He woke up lying on a cot in the guards’ quarters. He felt dazed. Various uniformed officials surrounded him in this cramped, tiny room, including some military officials he did not recognize. 
Heinrik sat up and realized his cot was elevated slightly higher off the ground than it should have been. The warden sat in front of him looking disturbed and uncomfortable. He sipped on a mug filled with hot coffee, and unbeknownst to Heinrik, it had a little whiskey in it. A pale steam emerged gently from the top of the cup and evaporated into the musty room. 
“Do you want some coffee? It’s fresher than usual. The military officers brought it with them,” the warden said. He held out an extra cup, whiskey and all. It struck Heinrik as odd that the warden was acting so nice.
“Yes,” Heinrik nodded. Slowly, he sat up on the cot, careful not to trigger any sudden pain. He was particularly worried about his head. A severe and painful headache lingered on his temple.
“Heinrik, do you remember anything? Do you remember what happened?” 
“I blacked out. But I remember some of it. I thought that I was going to die,” he answered.
“So it was self-defense?” the warden asked. 
“Self-defense?” Heinrik said.
 “Why did you kill all of those prisoners?”
“What? What are you talking about?” Heinrik asked, confused.
“Heinrik, we know what happened. You are not in any real trouble. We understand you were scared. Your emotions got the best of you. A deep rage overcame you when you saw what those men had done to the other guards,” the warden said. His fat belly lumped out and spilled over his belt. 
“What?”
“Heinrik, it is fine. Those men killed your fellow guards and would have killed you. They were trying to escape. You did what anyone might have done.”
“I am still lost, sir,” Heinrik said, rubbing his forehead.
“Heinrik, you are not in any trouble, not by any means. So I don’t want you to think that you are. I just have to ask you something. Did you have to cut those men up into all of those pieces?”
“What? What are you talking about, warden?” Heinrik asked, still confused.
“Heinrik, we know what happened. One of the prisoners witnessed the whole thing from his cell,” the warden explained.
“What?” Heinrik asked, shaking his head. He looked up at the warden. His eyes had finally adjusted, helping him to focus on the absurdity in the warden’s questions. Heinrik felt colossally baffled. 
“Yes, one of the inmates saw the whole thing. He told us that it was self-defense. He said they were going to kill you. You were only defending yourself. You were in a very dangerous situation,” the warden said. 
He sipped more coffee out of the mug. He slurped it back, moving his eyes over Heinrik, scanning him for a reaction. The warden’s hand shook as the coffee slid down his throat. He wondered if Heinrik noticed the jittering. He was nervous after discovering a side of Heinrik that he would have never suspected, a dark, savage side. 
“The thing is that there was so much blood, Heinrik,” the warden said, staring at Heinrik’s chest.
Heinrik’s eyes slowly moved down and focused on the shirt he wore. His clothes were soaked in blood. His shirt, the sleeves, his pants, and even his brown, leather belt were all covered in blood. The stains had already transformed into a darkish, brown color. The blots were obviously red, but somehow they appeared to have dried into a dark, claret blend, like a mixed painter’s palette.
The stains horrified Heinrik to his very core. He could not understand how all of their blood had gotten on him. 
“Warden?” he asked.
“Yes, Heinrik?” 
“Who was the prisoner who said he saw everything?”
“It was Adolf Hitler.”
Heinrik’s gut turned slightly. His breathing became heavier. Hitler had killed those men and then locked himself back into his cell.
“He said that he was in his cell sleeping when all of the commotion began. He said he woke up and saw you massacre those prisoners,” the warden said. 
Hitler had told everyone he saw Heinrik kill those men, cutting them up into pieces. In the back of Heinrik’s mind, he knew the warden would not believe the truth especially that Adolf had locked himself back up. 
Why would he have done that? What was the purpose in mutilating their bodies? Why didn’t he escape? Heinrik wondered.
After a few moments of contemplating this, he thought one thing. No matter how it was done, no matter how viciously it was done, Hitler had saved his life. Even though he had lied about how it had all happened, Heinrik still owed Hitler. Now, he was indebted to him. Everything had changed. Heinrik had a grave price to pay, far too grave for him to fathom.
36
After being questioned by government agents for at least three hours, Heinrik was allowed to return home. It was well after dark, close to midnight. 
Gracy was worried sick. She sat on the front porch for most of the late afternoon just waiting for some sign of her husband. Heinrik walked up the pathway to their house. She came running out, jumped completely off the front porch, missing all of the steps. She landed a meter in front of him.
“Heinrik? Where have you been?” she asked. He could tell she was furious.
Heinrik grabbed her, pulled her to him, and held her close for a moment. Her head rested tightly against his chest. He told her about the prison break. He thought it best to exclude the parts about Hitler’s involvement, especially the post-death mutilations; he knew better than to tell her about that. He had decided that he would just keep it to himself.
The next morning, against Gracy’s wishes, Heinrik returned to the prison. He checked in with the warden and proceeded directly to Hitler’s cell. He made no stops along the way. He wanted to get there while the gall still existed inside of him. 
The lights around the cell were working properly again. Almost everything was perfectly illuminated, every nook and crack, everything. Heinrik could see in all directions. Even the cracks in the floor were visible and ready for inspection. 
After the attempted prison break from the day before, the warden had ordered that all of the lights in the prison be inspected and fixed if they were not emitting enough light for patrolling guards to see everything clearly. He demanded that no corners remain unlit. 
The maintenance teams had replaced over half of the lights in the entire prison. They spent most of the night in this part of the prison. They even put in work orders for a new lighting system that was to cover the extra spaces between each of the current light fixtures. Of course, the prison did not have the funds for a new system. Nevertheless, the work order was placed.
Heinrik stopped only a couple of meters outside of Hitler’s cell. He took a deep breath and stepped in front of it. He knocked on the cell door. Inside, he heard rustling. It was the sound of shuffling books and papers. After a moment, Hitler’s eyes appeared through the portal.
“Yes? What is it?” he asked. Hitler’s eyes refocused; his pupils dilated as if Heinrik had woken him up on his approach. 
“I just wanted to come by and thank you for what you did for me,” Heinrik said. 
He clenched his fists tightly. He did not want to thank Hitler for anything that he had done, not even for saving his life. But Hitler had been solely responsible for Heinrik’s safe return to his wife. Otherwise, he would most certainly have been dead like the other guards. 
In a peculiar moment, Heinrik’s thoughts turned to the young guard that he’d met briefly. It was the first time since Heinrik had regained consciousness that he had thought about the young guard. Now he wondered if that guard had a family. All Heinrik could do was speculate about him. He imagined that the guard had a wife and a newborn baby, maybe a son. 
What if he was a father? Or expecting a son? Gracy is pregnant. It is very likely that he took this job so that he could provide for his expecting family, Heinrik thought. 
This thought plagued Heinrik. He couldn't help but think about his own unborn child.  
“Did you tell anyone else? Your wife? Anyone?” Hitler interrupted Heinrik’s looming thoughts.
“No, we are the only ones who know the truth about what happened,” Heinrik replied.
Hitler nodded, contemplating what would be the best course of action. He looked down for a moment to the floor of his cell. Then back up to Heinrik. 
Of course, my father didn’t know that Hitler would tell the story to my mother years later. He told it to her only once, but she never forgot it.
“Would you like to see a painting that I have been working on?” he asked.
Heinrik hesitated for a moment. Something deep inside warned him not to let Hitler into his life. But he disregarded it, figuring that the man might have some good in him. 
Maybe he’d misjudged him. 
“Yes,” he said. He recalled seeing a painting in one of his early encounters with Hitler. It was a small town near Vienna. People walked everywhere as if in a hurry to contribute to society, to get on with their busy lives. However, he also remembered seeing Hitler masturbating to a sketch of some woman.
The new painting Hitler pulled out to show him portrayed a busy street in a snowy town. A trolley car was stopped in the middle of the icy street, exchanging passengers.
“That’s good,” Heinrik said, even though he really was not impressed. 
37
Soon after that, Heinrik requested to be reinstated to his old post as a personal guard, following Hitler around. And the warden granted it to him. Every day, Heinrik went to work, and every day he spoke with Hitler. Every day he returned home and said nothing to his wife. 
Weeks went by until the day came when Hitler was released. It came as a shock to Heinrik because Hitler was sentenced to five years for a political crime, but he never saw that term through to the end. One day a mysterious entourage, a group of black cars with men dressed all in black suits, arrived with official orders to release him out of Landsberg prison after less than one year. 
Hitler stood near the exit of the prison. A muscular, terrifying-looking man from his entourage walked over and picked up Hitler’s belongings. One piece remained in Hitler's possession. Close to his chest, he cradled a rolled-up painting. Heinrik felt a little sad that Hitler had saved his life and was now leaving for good. 
“Heinrik,” Hitler said. Heinrik noticed how unrecognizable Hitler had become in the last ten months. Now he was very thin. It was especially apparent in the elegant suit that his friends had brought for him to wear. The first chance that he had gotten, he had changed out of his prison scrubs and into the suit. He looked far more distinguished now.
“Yes, Adolf,” Heinrik said. Strangely, he felt honored that Hitler spoke to him.
“I want you to know that no matter what happens in the future, I value your friendship. I appreciate you talking to me over the last several weeks. This has been a desperate time for me, and I will never forget your friendship,” Hitler said. He offered his hand for a shake from Heinrik. 
Reluctantly, Heinrik shook his hand. As their hands connected, he felt an unsettling feeling in the pit of his stomach like he was shaking the hand of the man who would seal his fate. It was a handshake that he would not soon forget.
 
Chapter Four
Mother is the
 Name for God
38
The skyline appeared gloomy and tempestuous from Heinrik’s post on the top of the eastern wall of the prison. The warden had assigned him to night duty on the wall every day for the last month since Hitler had left. The warden had doubled the guard on the walls, particularly during the night. 
The last escape attempt by the prisoners had gone public. The newspapers wrote about it and the government took immediate action. Bureaucratic officials visited the warden. With so much government influence leaning on him, he was forced to tighten security, which was increasingly difficult since the budget was stretched. 
And now there was a new rumor floating around like a feather drifting in and out of the ears of every person in the prison. The rumor suggested that a group of the prisoners were planning an escape near the east wall. Although this rumor had stretched on for weeks, the warden still considered it a viable threat. 
He considered Heinrik to be the right man for the job. The warden believed Heinrik was a secret weapon now. After what had happened, the prisoners were terrified of Heinrik, as was everyone else. They believed that he’d killed those prisoners. He was a powerful deterrent to the prisoners. They feared him. The fear of him helped to stop them from trying anything. 
So the warden posted Heinrik in the areas of the prison that were more vulnerable to prison escapes. Heinrik understood the warden’s logic, and since he’d never told anyone that it was Hitler who had committed those unspeakable acts of violence, he was stuck living with everyone’s false notions about him. But being feared was better than fearing others, or so Heinrik thought. 
At first, he feared telling Gracy about his assignment on the east wall, but actually telling Gracy was easy. She approved of this job detail more than other ones he’d had in the past, especially watching Hitler. The way she figured it, he was safer because this time he was high above the prisoners and far enough away from them. He was armed with a sniper rifle. “That sounds safer than walking the halls, Heinrik,” she said.
Heinrik sat contently next to the spotlight. The light was off. The machine hibernated. His job was to sweep the powerful beam across the yard every twenty minutes or so. Heinrik was stationed with a partner, Alexander, a twitchy guard who’d recently transferred from another prison. 
Alexander was a lot younger than Heinrik. He had been in the profession for only a year, yet he was a lot more stable than some of the other guards. In many ways, Alexander reminded Heinrik of the young guard who’d died that night Hitler had saved his life. 
Heinrik suspected that Alexander had been in his teens during the Great War. He had never been assigned to a post with Alexander before. He knew little about him. He tried small talk, but Alexander was not very forthcoming about himself. He learned nothing of Alexander. All he knew was that Alexander seemed tough and capable of doing his job.
Heinrik looked over at Alexander, who was nestled quietly in the shadows. He appeared to be waiting for something.
“Alexander,” Heinrik said. “Would you like to see a photograph of my wife?” 
Alexander said nothing at first, and then he nodded. As he neared Heinrik, he noticed Alexander's old, worn face. He looked worried, strained. Alexander was too young to look this way. 
“Good,” Heinrik said. He took out a small, well-worn picture of his wife. It was obvious to Alexander from the picture that Gracy was ethnic of some sort. Heinrik was positive Alexander had noticed this, but surprisingly, he did not ask about her heritage. He looked at the picture for a moment and then nodded in approval.
Accidentally, Heinrik dropped the picture but quickly recovered it. He stared at her one last time before sticking it back into his wallet.
Heinrik took a deep breath and looked at his watch. It was time to sweep the spotlight. He stood up and peered over the edge of the wall. The spotlight was still dark. Heinrik heard a faint sound coming from below him. He focused his eyes and noticed a couple of dark shadows scurrying along the wall below. Again he tried to refocus his eyes and he saw two prisoners sneaking around.
“Son of a bitch,” Heinrik said. 
Alexander stood up behind Heinrik. He was looking across the yard. “Look, the guard across from us is waving at us,” he said.
Heinrik looked across the yard and saw one of the other guards pointing at him from the opposite wall. He was signaling over to Heinrik who had a much clearer shot of the escaping inmates.
“Alexander, switch on the spotlight. We have two runaways down in the yard,” Heinrik said.
“Yes, sir,” Alexander said and then moved behind the light and grabbed the handles around it. On one of the handles there was a red switch. Alexander flipped it. The motor in the spotlight jumped to life and began humming. He adjusted the spotlight to sweep over the yard. He’d completely missed the spot where the inmates were crouching.
“Alexander, slow the light down and move it back toward us.”
“Yes, sir,” he replied.
Again the light completely missed the inmates. Heinrik squeezed the butt of his rifle in frustration. He felt as though Alexander was deliberately missing the prisoners.
“Alexander, what are you doing?” Heinrik asked, still facing the spot in the yard where the prisoners were standing. 
“Alexander?” Heinrik asked again. There was no answer. The beam of light had completely stopped moving. 
Heinrik turned around to see Alexander pointing a pistol at him. The gun trembled in his hand. 
“Alexander, what are you doing?”
“Sorry, Heinrik, but they were not supposed to come by this way for another forty minutes. They were supposed to come by after I had sabotaged the spotlight. I’m sorry to have to do this to you,” Alexander said, raising his pistol so that Heinrik’s face was directly in its line of sight. “Now lower your rifle.”
Heinrik feared lowering his gun, but he could not see any other choice. He lowered the rifle slowly and let it slip to the ground. He began to raise his hands into the air. He did not know what to do now. Alexander’s nerves caused him to tremble. He looked completely on edge. Heinrik suspected Alexander had never shot anyone before, at least not a comrade. 
“I’m going to have to shoot you, Heinrik,” Alexander said.
“No! Wait!” Heinrik shouted.
A gunshot rang in their ears. It echoed with a loud, cracking noise. It sounded distant, farther away than it should have if it were fired from Alexander’s gun. 
In the heat of panic, Heinrik squeezed his eyes tightly shut. As he opened them he slowly realized he was not shot. He looked up in relief. Looking at Alexander, he saw blood gushing from his chest. Alexander’s body swayed forward, backward, and then forward again. 
Finally, he lowered his gun and stumbled forward, close to going over the ledge. Abruptly, he grabbed onto Heinrik with both hands, grasping his shoulders. The two of them stumbled toward the edge together, and Alexander forced Heinrik to fall over with him. 
Together, they went over the side of the wall into the depths of the prison’s yard. Heinrik saw the guard from the opposite wall in a flash. The guard looked through a scope at Heinrik and Alexander. He had seen Alexander pull a gun on Heinrik. He had fired at the traitor. Now, he watched in shock as Alexander fell to the prison yard below and took Heinrik with him. They fumbled through the air and finally crashed onto the ground together. 
Heinrik heard the bones in his right leg snap before he felt them shatter. He lay on top of Alexander’s body, dazed and paralyzed. The moon appeared from behind the clouds. It shone down on the yard. Heinrik watched it from where he lay. A searing pain torpedoed through his body toward his feet.
At least I can still feel my toes, he thought. The relief of knowing that he was only temporarily paralyzed gave him some comfort.
The feeling of comfort was cut short, however, when he realized the escaping prisoners were still in his proximity. He looked around, searching for any clue as to which direction they would approach from. He feared an ambush. Vigilantly, he studied the darkness that surrounded him. He saw shuffling in the distance.
The prisoners saw a couple of dark figures clumped near each other on the ground. Armed with shivs, the two prisoners crept over to attack Heinrik. 
Heinrik heard them getting closer. Quickly, he pulled himself upright. The bones in his legs crackled as he turned toward the approaching prisoners. He let out a shriek. He knew that they were coming to kill him. He had to find a weapon. 
Hoping that Alexander’s gun fell with them, Heinrik frantically began dragging himself toward Alexander’s body. In the darkness, Heinrik could barely make out the shape of the gun on the ground. He was within inches of it when he heard the escapees getting closer. They were right behind him now. 
Moments before Heinrik was intercepted by the prisoners, he reached the gun. He rolled over onto his back and aimed the gun at the closest prisoner. He squeezed the trigger twice. The bullets ripped through the air and caught the first prisoner in the chest as he lunged toward Heinrik. He fell onto the ground.
The second prisoner realized that Heinrik had a gun and began to retreat. A series of loud gunshots rang out from the guard posted on the other wall. He shot the second prisoner with a sniper rifle. The prisoner's body fell to the ground near Heinrik. 
Heinrik lowered the gun and rested his arm. He took a deep breath. He could not believe he had survived the entire ordeal. Suddenly, Alexander came to life and wrapped his arms tightly around Heinrik’s neck, placing him in a headlock. The two men wrestled for the gun. Heinrik felt the air being strangled from his lungs. He fought hastily for the gun, but could barely focus. 
He felt his chest expanding as he fought to inhale. He still couldn't breathe. Heinrik reared his arm up into the air and came down hard. He elbowed Alexander straight in the gut. Alexander slightly loosened his grip. Heinrik leaned forward, trying to escape Alexander’s grasp. He had a small chance to escape and survive. 
Swiftly, Alexander tightened his hold around Heinrik’s neck. He pulled his arm tighter with his free hand, reinforcing his grip. This time Heinrik felt the headlock even tighter. He continuously and desperately elbowed Alexander.
 Blow after blow found its way into Alexander’s gut, among other areas of his torso. Soon Heinrik’s blows became weaker and weaker. Alexander’s grip became tighter and tighter. Heinrik closed his eyes and tried to breathe. He could not. 
What raced through his mind, I can only guess. I think he pictured my mother and his unborn son. He wondered if I would be artistic, like Gracy was. He wondered if I would be beautiful like she was. Heinrik wondered if I would be as perfect as he was in his dreams. 
My father died.
39
Hitler sat in a café in Berlin. He was accompanied by two lean, muscular men. The two men wore clean, dark leather jackets. They intimidated anyone who approached him.
 It was early in the morning. Berlin was a fast-paced city. People scurried up and down the streets, making their way to jobs, homes, and schools. He sat outside the café at a small patio table. The table was set for two, as if Hitler were waiting for someone. His guards sat behind him at another table, calmly and acutely in tune with everything that went on around them. They had a headcount of all the people in the café, including employees and people who walked the streets out front. They even fearlessly tasted Hitler’s tea before he took one sip from it. 
Hitler sat peacefully, like a child, drawing on a napkin. As he became more valuable to the Nazi party and more powerful in German politics, he had less and less time to be creative. So whenever he found himself waiting, he took the time as a perfect opportunity for him to create something, to draw one of his ideas.
The waiter walked by to see if Hitler needed anything. He did not talk to Hitler; instead he simply walked close enough to the table to determine if the tea needed refilling. It did not. The glass was still full. Hitler had only sipped it a couple of times.  
The waiter was a kid. He was no more than 20 years old. He got a glimpse of the napkin Hitler was drawing on. The drawing was some sort of automobile design, like a schematic or blueprint. He became curious, which was something his supervisor had warned him against. He was told not to make any inquiries or draw attention to himself in any way while in the presence of Hitler. And above all other things, he was warned not to make eye contact with Hitler.
Hitler noticed that the young waiter kept lingering near him. The waiter stared at his sketch. At first, Hitler pretended he did not see the boy. Quickly, however, he changed his demeanor and sharply cocked his head toward the waiter.
“Come here, young man,” Hitler demanded.
The waiter’s nerves tensed with fear. He realized he had been caught staring. Terrified, the waiter slowly approached Hitler’s table as if he were walking blindfolded in front of a firing squad. He stood completely still, as if he were under inspection by his commanding officer, the head waiter.
“Are you looking at my drawing?” Hitler asked. 
“No, sir. I mean, yes, sir,” the waiter replied.
“It’s okay. Do you know what it is?” 
“No,” the waiter said, still scared. 
He sensed that Hitler wanted him to ask about it. Perhaps even to seem more interested than he really was. He decided that it would be best for him to play along. “It looks like a car. But it is unlike any car that I’ve ever seen.”
“That’s right. This car’s design is for a future model. Only a German company could make this. See how the top of it is completely curved like the shell of a turtle?” Hitler asked, while sliding his finger over the drawing of the car’s roof.
“Yes, I see it. What is the purpose of that?”
Hitler started to look agitated. He looked over at one of his guards. The bodyguard was quick to respond. Within seconds he was standing directly behind the waiter. He was not a tall man, about 1.75 meters, but he looked threatening.
“The purpose of the curved roof is to make the car more aerodynamic. This will allow the car to glide right through air resistance more quickly. Air resistance can hinder the vehicle’s movement,” Hitler said proudly. 
“That sounds incredible,” the waiter said. A strong, nervous feeling came over him as he felt heavy breathing on the back of his neck. It was from the bodyguard who stood in proximity to him. 
“Yes, now leave me alone,” Hitler said, looking back down at the drawing with a sense of achievement.
A tall man stood at the edge of the walkway that led up to the café. He stared at Hitler for a moment as if he waited for the signal to approach. Hitler acknowledged him after the waiter had vanished. 
The tall man walked over to Hitler and sat across from him at the table. The early shadows of the morning followed him. His features never became clear to anyone who was around; although, Hitler knew him well. In fact, he was one of the only people in the world Hitler trusted with his darkest secrets. 
The man leaned forward from the shadow for only a moment. It was long enough for Hitler to see his features. They were cold and unflinching. The man had the darkest eyes. Hitler alone could hear his words. The man said, “It is done. The husband is dead.”
“Good. Thank you, Beowulf,” Hitler said to the tall man. 
Beowulf was the only name he was known by. It was because he was a man whom many feared and few knew what he looked like. He was more like Grendel from the Beowulf poem, but they called him Beowulf.
Beowulf and Hitler spent the rest of the morning planning the future of Hitler’s political ambitions. Besides designing more aerodynamic automobiles and thinking about art, he also contemplated the future for him and Gracy Kessler, my mother. 
It would take some time, but Hitler knew he could win her over. He knew a pregnant woman, widowed, and Jewish would not make it long without his help, not in the world he wanted to create. No one Jewish would make it without his help. No one.
40
Heinrik and Gracy’s bedroom was white with brown trim. The trim bordered around the ceiling and the walls. The room was abnormally chilly. Gracy slept in her nightgown. It was a flowing, yellow-tinted gown. 
She sat up in her bed. She waited for Heinrik. His side of the bed was cold and undisturbed from when she had made the bed the previous morning. She felt a sense of emptiness. It was a feeling she was not used to. Heinrik had not come home. She did not know why. But she knew that she could not leave the house. She was pregnant. Their son kicked in her belly. 
She spent most of the morning wondering when he would come home. She continually stared at the empty space on their bed. She decided to get up and start her day without him, so she rose from the bed and went into the kitchen. 
She brewed some tea and walked out onto the porch. Heinrik’s favorite chair rocked ever so slightly from a cool breeze that swept through their neighborhood. She never sat in it when he was around. She decided since he was missing their morning routine, she would usurp his chair while he was gone. 
The old rocking chair squeaked as she sat down in it. Heinrik’s father had made it many years ago. It was plain, nothing special about its design. The unusual thing about it was that Heinrik’s father was not a carpenter. He had barely any talent in the matter. So what was so special about this chair was that it was the only piece of furniture that Heinrik’s father ever made that had survived for so long.
As uneven as the chair was, it was important to Heinrik and to Gracy. She sat in the chair and watched the morning sky while sipping on her mug filled with tea. She liked to use a coffee mug to drink her tea. 
Heinrik drank coffee, black. Gracy thought that it made him look tough, but black coffee was unappetizing to her. It made her stomach turn. She thought it had the same effect on Heinrik because whenever he drank his coffee before breakfast, he would wind up skipping most of his meal. 
Gracy must have realized while drinking her tea that she had inadvertently started making his coffee. 
Even though Gracy and Heinrik had spent the last several years saving money to move into a lake house in Tegern Lake, they had remained in the city. They were close to having the down payment for the lake house, but not quite there yet. 
Gracy’s mind wandered for a moment until the sounds of an approaching car startled her. She looked up toward the street and saw a car fast approaching her small apartment. It was a government car. It parked directly in front of her building. The driver got out and walked to the back of the car. He opened the door, and Heinrik’s boss, the prison warden, stepped out. 
The moment Gracy saw him without Heinrik, she jumped to her feet so fast that she virtually landed on her toes. Her body trembled. She knew what was coming. It was the nightmare she had locked away in the pit of her mind. She knew it in the pit of her stomach as well as in her womb where her unborn baby grew: His father was dead.
She knew Heinrik was dead. She knew Willem would never know his real father.
41
A black, almost reptilian-looking casket held the body of Gracy’s beloved. Heinrik’s funeral was a closed-casket ceremony, which was intended only for close friends and family. Gracy sat alone in the front aisle next to her parents. She stared at the casket. The man she loved was in the box. 
The funeral was full of people, mostly new faces. They were people that she’d never even known had cared about her husband. They included guards, former guards, distant family members, her parents, friends, the warden, some state officials, a couple of old war buddies, and even some former prisoners. 
The one figure that stood out the most in Gracy’s mind was a man who stood in the back, far away and almost out of sight. He stood with a pair of bodyguards. It was a face she had prayed never to lay eyes on again, but he was there nevertheless. 
The face belonged to Adolf Hitler.
42
Even though Gracy had spent the entire, harrowing experience staring at that ghastly box, she could not get Hitler out of her mind. She knew he rested his eyes upon her and nowhere else. She did not know his true intentions, but she knew they involved her. And she feared him for it.
After the funeral was over, one of Hitler’s guards approached Gracy. 
“Frau Kessler, may I have a few minutes of your time?” the guard asked.
Gracy stared beyond the guard for a long moment at the dark figure that stood in the distance. She knew the figure was Hitler. It made her gape back into the guard’s eyes. 
“Fuck off,” she muttered. She pushed past him and rejoined the crowd of family members where she felt safe. She did not look back at him, not for one small instant, for fear that Hitler would misinterpret her gaze as a sign of interest in hearing what he had to tell her.
43
A sharp, intense pain in her stomach woke Gracy abruptly. She rolled out of bed and ran to the bathroom. Her throat tightened, making it excruciating when she vomited just before she could reach the toilet. Some got on the floor. A second batch made it into the sink. 
Again she tried to make it to the toilet, but before she could reach it, she felt a piercing pain in her abdomen. She grabbed her side and fell. She vomited once more, so violently that she hit her head on the tile. The impact of the floor against her forehead caused darkness to overcome her. Within moments Gracy blacked out. 
Gracy came around twenty minutes later. She sat up unsteadily, trying not to move too much. She had never been pregnant before, but she imagined any trauma to her body would be hard on the baby. 
Suddenly, a blanket of fiery worry about the baby engulfed her. She became stricken with concern over the pregnancy and the life of her baby. She’d lost Heinrik already and was terrified by the possibility of losing Willem too. She feared that her state of grief might affect the birth of her son. 
Her first instinct was to go to see the doctor.
When she felt comfortable enough to stand, she decided it would be best for her to skip breakfast and her bath and head straight to the clinic. She and Heinrik had a special doctor who was a friend of her parents. Even though he worked in a public clinic, he held a good reputation. Dr. Levinson was a sought-after doctor even by the prominent German families who hated the Jews.
44
At the doctor’s office, Gracy waited patiently for the doctor to come into the examining room to talk to her. She no longer felt the pain in her stomach, and after vomiting, she felt that whatever it was that had hurt was not coming back. Her insides were evacuated. She was relieved of that fact. 
The doctor finally entered the room. He was a short man, wearing a tattered, white coat with visible holes on the outside of the pockets. Gracy could see his fingertips piercing though the holes.
“Frau Kessler, how are you?”
“I feel okay now, doctor, but this morning I felt sick,” Gracy said.
“Did you vomit?”
“Yes, Dr. Levinson. I threw up three or four times,” she answered him.
“Hmm,” he said. He pulled a stool up to her and began asking questions. “How long did the pain in your stomach last? What did you eat?”
After several minutes of questioning my mother, the doctor started writing notes on a chart attached to a brown clipboard. As he was writing, he began talking with her. The conversation was just small talk. 
“Gracy, did you ever get that lake house?”
“Not yet, doctor,” she answered.
“Gracy, have you thought of a name for the baby?”
“I like Willem,” she said. 
“That’s a nice name,” the doctor said.
“Thanks,” she replied.
“Gracy, how is Heinrik? Is he still working at Landsberg prison?”
Gracy sat silent. Her eyes welled up and tears began falling out.
“Gracy?” the doctor asked without looking up from his clipboard.
“He’s dead,” she finally answered.
The doctor stopped writing and looked up at her. He had forgotten.
“I’m so sorry, Gracy,” he said.
Gracy mumbled something that the doctor could not make out.
“I didn’t know,” he lied.
She knew he was lying. She felt it. 
After a long, awkward moment between them, the doctor finally returned to writing. He said, “Willem is a fine name. You are fine, Gracy. There is nothing wrong with the baby. He’s going to grow into a fine young man.” He stood and began to lead her out of the examining room. Before they reached the lobby, he stopped her. “Gracy,” he began saying. 
“Yes, doctor,” she answered.
“Willem is a fine name,” he repeated.
Gracy nodded and walked out into the lobby. She tried to pay the doctor’s bill, but the nurse at the counter said not to worry about it. She told her to pay next time. 
Gracy lowered her head and walked out of the doctor’s office.
Willem is a fine name, she thought. A fine name.
45
Gracy sat out on the apartment’s front porch. She sat on the steps near a small garden. She worked in it, grooming the flowers and plants she’d planted last fall. Heinrik would sit on the porch, rocking in his chair. Sometimes he would read the paper if they could afford one that week or he would just read the same old books over and over. He particularly enjoyed adventure books like Treasure Island or The Count of Monte Cristo. Mostly he stared at Gracy, and she never noticed, but that was what he did. 
The sky around the city was gloomy and overcast. The sun stayed hidden far above her. The rain was coming. She knew it. She could feel it deep in her bones. Gracy had always had a sense of premonitions. With Heinrik around, they calmed down significantly. 
She used to joke that his presence was the ultimate distraction, but now that he was gone, she could sense a looming storm. She felt empty for the first time in her whole life. It was the kind of emptiness that makes a person realize that whenever they were sad before, they truly had no idea what true sadness was. Gracy knew sadness. She knew it now. 
Down the street, from around the corner, a black car drove up to the front of the apartment. She recognized it from the funeral. It was Hitler’s car. At the moment, she had been hearing a lot about him. He came up in conversations at the grocers, markets, or on the streets. Everyone was talking about him lately, like he was already a famous, well-spoken politician. She knew that his power was growing immensely. Eventually, she would not be able to ignore him. If his popularity continued to rise, he would end up governing the city of Berlin and possibly the entire country. 
The car stopped. The driver turned off the engine. He rose out of the cab. He was a lanky man with a goatee. He was handsome and appealing in a way Gracy normally did not find attractive. He held a determined expression on his face. The man walked to the gate, passing into Gracy’s yard.
“Frau Kessler?” he asked. 
“Yes,” she answered, barely glancing up at him.
“I am Ford Maelstrom. I am Herr Hitler’s personal driver. I have come with instructions to take you to see him. Are you willing to come?”
She listened and continued to rake the straw at the base of the plant in the garden. After he finished talking, she waited before looking up at him. 
Finally, she stopped raking and looked up at him. “Herr Maelstrom, you tell that man that I will never have an audience with him,” she said, staring straight at the driver. “Tell him that Gracy Kessler has no interest in Hitler or those Nazi goons. I have never, was never, and will never think there is anything genuine about his sympathies about my late husband. And tell him that I burned Herr Hitler’s flowers and sympathy messages.”
The driver looked stunned. He huffed and turned up his nose. Then he walked back to the car. A moment later, he drove off and didn’t look back. 
46
Every week, usually on Monday or Tuesday, for the next several weeks, Herr Maelstrom drove by her apartment. And every week he made eye contact with Gracy. Sometimes he would get out and approach the house. Typically she would go back through the front door and slam it or she would talk to him, but never did she treat him with kindness. She did not want to give him the wrong impression. She had absolutely no interest in meeting with Hitler.
Maelstrom disdained returning to Hitler after Gracy’s rejections. He feared the outcome. Many times Hitler overreacted and threatened Maelstrom’s job or even his life. Occasionally he accused Maelstrom of purposefully sabotaging Gracy’s disposition. Most of the time, however, Hitler seemed to expect her to reject his advances. He did not feel any guilt for having her husband murdered. He obsessed over her. The more she rejected him, the more he obsessed. 
Months passed and Gracy’s belly grew. With the state of the failing economy in Germany, she hastily depleted her remaining savings. Her parents sent her money as often as they could, but they were also feeling the depression. Her brother-in-law, Heinrik’s only remaining relative, told her he would soon have to stop giving her money. He had his own children to look after. It was becoming hard enough for him to provide for them. And eventually, she lost touch with him.
Gracy’s parents continued to support her and the unborn child, but she knew that they were rationing out their own money in order to accomplish this. She tried to find work, but having little experience in anything except music and gardening, she was finding it difficult to secure employment. Florist shops were not hiring. In those days, people were not really buying flowers.
Gracy was in her kitchen when someone knocked on the front door. She expected Maelstrom. She walked to the front door, wiping her hands on an old apron. Two figures stood in the doorway. One was a man from the bank whom she recognized; the other was some sort of policeman.
 He wore civilian clothes, but she recognized his demeanor. He looked like a policeman. She could tell. He stood a certain way. His hair was cropped very close to his head and she saw a bulge in his jacket that looked like a gun. Living with Heinrik, she had learned to recognize certain things about military and policemen. 
“Yes, can I help you gentlemen?” she asked.
“Yes, are you Frau Kessler? Heinrik Kessler’s wife?” the banker asked.
“Yes, that’s me. As you can see gentlemen, I am very pregnant. So what is this all about?” she asked impatiently.
“Frau Kessler, can you come out here on the porch please?” the police officer asked.
Gracy opened the screen door and stepped onto the porch. “What is this about?” she repeated.
“Frau Kessler, this is a bank statement and a foreclosure document. It is a document that, upon your inspection of it, you will notice bears your late husband’s signature,” the banker said. He was a short man. He had been combing tendrils of his hair over the bald spot on his head. 
He held out the documents so that Gracy could see that Heinrik’s signature was on them. She tried to reach out and grab the papers to get a closer look, but he jerked them away. It seemed the banker was afraid to let go of the documents.
“You said foreclosure?” she asked.
“Yes, Frau Kessler, your husband had taken out a significant loan from our bank. This loan has been neglected for the last six months or so. It seems that several attempts have been made to contact you about this matter. We have postage receipts from several dates over the last six months. You have neglected to respond to any of these claims and so now we are here to present you with these foreclosure papers.”
Gracy reached out and grabbed the set of papers from his hands.
“What are these?” she asked.
“The bank is seizing your assets. That means everything you own is now ours, every stick of furniture, every bush in your yard, and everything else in this apartment. You can no longer stay here. We will give you thirty minutes to vacate the premises.”
“What?” Gracy asked. Her jaw dropped in shock. She had no idea what to do.
“Better take this chance to gather up your things, Frau Kessler,” the police officer said.
While Gracy was talking with the banker, Ford Maelstrom walked up to the gate and entered. Suddenly, Gracy had a grave suspicion Hitler was behind Heinrik’s loan and the foreclosure. Why else would Ford Maelstrom show up at that exact moment? 
“Frau Kessler, what is going on?” Herr Maelstrom asked.
“These men are here to foreclose on my house and all of my belongings. They said Heinrik had unpaid debts and that because I never responded to a letter they are going to take my house,” she said. She began to tear up. 
“I’m sorry, gentlemen, but this is a matter that we should discuss,” Herr Maelstrom said.
“I don’t want your help, Maelstrom. Especially since Hitler is the reason for all of this. I know it.”
“Excuse me, Frau Kessler, but I assure you that my employer has no prior knowledge of these debts,” Herr Maelstrom said. 
“I don’t believe you,” Gracy returned.
“Herr Hitler has nothing to do with this. But if you don’t need my help,” Herr Maelstrom said. He waited a moment for her to respond. It appeared that my mother was considering the possibility that Adolf Hitler was not behind this insult. 
And she was considering it. She could not be sure that he was behind it. The economy suffered greatly in Germany. In order to look out for their own interest and survival in a highly competitive market, the banks were notorious for repossessing and collecting on unpaid debts. 
She also considered the possibility that there were never any collection inquiries made by the bank. Heinrik had warned her about dealing with the banks when they had first started searching for loans for their dream house. He had told her it was not beneath the banks to take advantage of widows by repossessing their belongings. The houses were worth more than the actual debts. They collected on the debts and made a good profit.
Maelstrom became impatient and retreated. Gracy watched him walk away, get into his car, and drive off. The banker continued to speak. Finally, the police officer grabbed her arm roughly and asked her to get her things together and leave the apartment.
47
With the small amount of cash she had, Gracy took a cab to her parents’ house. She walked up to the front stoop and knocked on the door. There was no answer. She knocked harder. Still there was no answer. She looked through the windows. All she could see was the same old, worn furniture that her parents had owned for years. 
She could not make out any movement in the house. So she sat down on the steps pregnant, and waited for them to return home. She thought it was strange they were gone. During the week, it was rare that her parents ever left the house at the same time. Generally, one of them was always home. At least her mother was usually home. Except on Sundays when they went down to a little café and ate breakfast together.
Gracy waited.
Hours later, she woke up, not realizing she had been there long enough to sleep. She got up and looked in the windows. Still there was no movement in her parents’ house. She decided to wait longer. There were no sign of any of her parents’ neighbors either. 
More time passed and there was no sign of her parents anywhere. Nightfall approached. Gracy became increasingly concerned. 
The next morning she woke up, and there was still no sign of her parents. Starving, she was desperate. So she did the one thing she’d dreaded. She found a cab, spent the rest of her money, and told the driver to take her to Hitler’s building. 
48
Hitler’s building was the regional headquarters for the Nazi party. It was downtown. His office was on the top floor. Gracy got out of the cab; the sky was dark. Clouds rolled in slowly from the south. The rain was coming, just as Gracy had felt it would. She walked through a set of heavy glass doors. She stopped at the front counter. 
“I’m here to see Herr Hitler,” she told the woman. The woman politely asked if she was expected. She said no but that Hitler would want to see her regardless. After waiting for two hours, she was finally allowed to enter his office.  
She followed the receptionist down a long corridor. At the end of the hall, she entered a large room. High ceilings, a long red carpet, and a single oak desk were the first things she noticed about the room. Then she noticed the mismatched furniture scattered throughout the room, including two tall-backed, brown chairs that sat in front of a fireplace with a small fire crackling in it.
“Frau Kessler?” a voice asked from the front of the chair. 
Gracy moved closer. She felt the warmth from the fire brushing across her face. 
“Yes,” she finally answered. As she made her way to the side of the chair, she recognized Hitler’s profile. He sat with a glass of brandy resting in his hand. He’d purposefully avoided turning to look at her. She had to walk completely around the chair to face him. 
“Why, Gracy, it is you. I was sorry to hear about Heinrik. I wanted you to know that I personally attended the funeral services and I have consistently tried to make an audience with you,” Hitler said. He still did not stand; instead, he just stared up at her.
Gracy clenched her fists. She was nauseous. “I apologize, Herr Hitler,” she reluctantly said.
“Why do you apologize, Gracy? What do you have to be sorry for?” Hitler remained seated. He took a sip from his brandy and calmly awaited her response.
Gracy clenched her fists even tighter. At the same moment, she could feel the baby inside her. He was restless and hungry. Her own stomach muscles tightened at the thought of eating. Her body was weaker than normal. She could not go very much longer without eating. She had nowhere to go. Hitler had trapped her. He had ambushed her.
“I apologize, Herr Hitler because…”
“Please, Gracy, call me Adolf,” Hitler insisted. He listened patiently as she gulped. 
“Adolf, I’m sorry that I ignored your pursuits. I have nowhere to go. And so I am here.”
Hitler stared at his brandy for a moment. He savored the moment. Gracy's humiliation was his reward.
He has been rehearsing this moment, Gracy thought. 
He stood up, sipping his brandy one last time before setting it down on the arm of the chair. He approached her with raised hands. He came close to her face, brushing her cheeks softly with his fingertips. Almost instantly his hands retreated away from her face and he rested his hands on her shoulders. 
“Gracy, you are welcome to stay with me. You can stay with me as long as you need to. Both you and the baby will have a home and a life here with me. For as long as you need. As long as you need,” he said.
 The thought echoed in the caverns of Gracy’s mind. One word in particular resonated with her: long. It would be long. She knew in her heart she was trapped. She would never escape Hitler. Never.
49
Tegern Lake, Germany
Six Months Later
Eerily, snow-covered trees surrounded the quiet lake house like the trees from the prophecy in Shakespeare’s Macbeth, Birnam Wood. The wind gusted through them, slowly moving them toward the lake house as if they were setting up to invade it. 
The driveway was iced over. The wind blew a chilled air swiftly across the lake. Gracy lay in bed and stared at the ceiling. She was numb. Everything was numb. She leaned over a bloated, sleeping man. He slept deeply next to her body. 
An infant rested near the foot of the bed in his crib. It was her and Heinrik’s son, Willem. It was me.
Gracy had laid me down two hours earlier. She had thoughts of murder. I was the only thing keeping her with Hitler. She wanted Hitler dead. She suspected he’d killed Heinrik and destroyed our family. In fact, she was sure of it. 
When I was old enough I would understand why she hated Hitler. She hoped I would understand what she had done and why she wanted to do what she felt she had to do now. Gracy sat up and left the bed. 
She walked out to the porch of the lake house that was supposed to belong to her and Heinrik. Only now it belonged to Hitler. He said that he had gotten it for her. He said it was to be their home when they were not traveling. 
She didn’t know how he knew about Tegern Lake. Heinrik must have told him or he learned from the bank when he’d falsified Heinrik’s debt. She wasn’t sure what was true. The only thing she knew for sure was that the lake house was tainted to her now. 
She waved at one of the SS guards as he passed by the front of the house. She sat on Heinrik’s chair and looked out over the beautiful landscape. 
Heinrik should be here to see this with me. He should be holding me and Willem, watching over the landscape. Together. We should all be here together, she thought.
Gracy pulled out a Luger she had hidden from the passing guards. She stared at it. She thought about putting the barrel in her mouth, but she could not imagine what might happen to me if she went through with it. Death would be an instant escape for her, but I would be left behind with the man she hated more than anyone in the world.
Gracy dreaded the path her life had taken. Staring out over the dark land a little longer, she swallowed hard and returned to bed.
Before she lay down again, she suddenly felt sick. Her stomach muscles tightened, and her head felt light. She knew she was going to vomit. 
She rose from the bed and ran to the bathroom. Hitler did not stir. He continued to dream.
In the bathroom, the pain grew. She thought back about how she hadn’t eaten anything for a couple of days. Then she realized that the only other time in her life that she had felt this sick was when she was pregnant for the first time with me.
No! I can’t be pregnant! I just can’t be! Not with his baby, Gracy thought. 
The thought lingered in her mind like a dark, seductive serpent hatching eggs in her brain. The idea hatched. It coiled around her thoughts. 
Gracy spent the rest of the night in the bathroom.
50
The next morning, Adolf Hitler awoke in his bed. He felt satisfied, refreshed. His night had been filled with soothing dreams. 
He peered down to the foot of the bed. He saw that I was still sleeping. 
Gracy was missing. Hitler looked over to her side of the bed and beyond. He looked to the bathroom door, which was wide open. 
“Gracy!” Hitler called out. “Gracy?” 
 He saw her on the floor, hunched over.
51
Gracy stood outside of Dr. Levinson’s office once again, months after she had visited him for morning sickness. She realized she hadn’t seen him since right after Heinrik had died. 
It was early in the morning. The clinic had only been open for a short time. She looked back over her shoulder and watched Herr Maelstrom sitting in the car waiting for her. She was not alone at the clinic. There was a strange man standing near her. He leaned against the wall of the clinic. 
He watched her closely. She knew he was a part of Hitler’s entourage. The one memorable thing about him was how silent he was. He terrified her. 
She entered the office and asked to see the doctor.
“Why, Gracy,” Dr. Levinson said as he walked past his secretary’s desk.
“Hello, Dr. Levinson,” Gracy said.
“Come in, Gracy. Greta, let her through. She can go ahead of anyone else who is waiting,” Dr. Levinson said to a nurse who sat behind the counter.
Greta nodded and Gracy went through.
The back room was just as Gracy had remembered it from months before. She sat on the examining table and looked at Dr. Levinson.
“So what is going on, Gracy?” he asked.
“Dr. Levinson, you have been a trusted friend to me through my pregnancy. I am a prisoner now. Willem and I are both captives in our new lives. I live with him now—Hitler, I mean,” she whispered.
“Oh dear, Gracy!” Dr. Levinson said. He fell back into a chair that was meant for guests. The doctor’s stool was in the middle of the room, where Dr. Levinson would have normally sat.
“Dr. Levinson, you have to help me,” Gracy said. She looked at him with desperation. 
“Gracy,” he began. “I’m not sure what I can do for you. You know that I am also a Jew. Those Nazis have left me and my clinic alone, but they terrorize all of my friends. They hold much of our Parliament now and Hitler is the leader of the party. I’ve even heard rumors that some Jews have disappeared.”
“Dr. Levinson, you don’t know what this is like for me. He keeps us secret from everyone. I’ve seen the eyes of sympathetic people. They ask about who Willem and I are and they end up dead. The only freedom I have is when Hitler is with one of his other girls. 
He is mad, doctor, truly insane. He’s having sex with one of his nieces. He comes and goes all the time. He jumps into these fits of rage! I’m terrified for Willem’s safety. Terrified!” she exclaimed. She leaned forward and stared gently into his eyes.
“And, Dr. Levinson,” she whispered. “I’m pregnant.”
“Oh, God, Gracy!” Dr. Levinson said. “And it is Herr Hitler’s child?”
“Yes, Dr. Levinson,” Gracy said. “I need you to end the pregnancy.”
Dr. Levinson looked at her in complete shock. His mouth hung open. 
“Gracy, do you know what you are asking of me?”
“Yes, Dr. Levinson. I know. I loved Heinrik…I hate Hitler! I can’t bear the thought of having a child from that monster. I can’t have Hitler’s baby. If you don’t help me then I will take my own life,” Gracy declared. Her eyes filled with tears. She rose from the examining table and dropped to her knees. 
“Please, Dr. Levinson. I beg of you to help me end this pregnancy,” Gracy begged on her knees.
Dr. Levinson looked at the once admirable Gracy Kessler, my mother. There was only one choice he could make. It was a clear choice.
52
1930
The beauty of Berlin was boundless. Clouds covered the horizon. It was early morning. A massive crowd filled the square. They listened as the Führer stood high above them on a stage and spoke. A slight wind blew through the onlookers. Calmly, they listened as their leader proposed to them his vision of their future. 
Hitler spoke harshly, yet elegantly. He possessed fervor and passion. The crowd listened in awe of his powers of speech, but Gracy had witnessed him rehearse his movements over and over in private. She knew every gesture that he made, ever word that he spoke, was strategically positioned and tactfully said. Her input was useless to Hitler. He merely wanted her there to be an inanimate object. 
“Today, Germany will be free of the tyranny of our neighbors. We will take our rightful place at the helm of Europe. 
“We will lead the world as Germany is meant to lead! 
“I am announcing. Here and now. Today. Germany seeks to rearm itself. All of Germany will be united behind our new goal of power and might. We will have peace for all Germans. 
“So let our forces rearm themselves,” he said.
The crowd cheered and roared. 
“Again let our navies patrol European waters.
“Let our planes cast a shadow across the ground that covers all of the Fatherland,” he continued.
An enormous cheer sounded from the paratroopers and pilots in the crowd. They stood together, dressed in full military uniform.
“My friends, Germany is rearming. Soon Europe will be a new camp, with a new vision. Our vision. The German vision!” Hitler said. He ended his speech, staring off high above the crowd. 
The crowd cheered, standing on the tips of their feet. They waved German flags and chanted Hitler's name over and over.
“Hail!” they roared over and over.
Gracy did not understand the full scope of what Hitler was proposing, but she knew from watching the crowd roar that Hitler had terrible plans for her. Somehow she could not shake the feeling that his plans involved me as well. 
As Hitler ended his speech, the crowd roared and applauded. Their applause was deafening. I remembered how hard Gracy squeezed my hand. It felt so tight. I remember being so confused. She pulled me close to her. I squeezed my sketchbook tight. I was afraid I would drop it.  
 I drew constantly. Gracy and Hitler had given me the sketchbook long ago. I was an unusual child. I was quick to start doodling on paper. I never played like most children; I would rather stare at things and then draw them. I was drawing realistic shapes and their details by the age of three. Now, at five years old, I was drawing detailed animals, flowers, and buildings. Mostly, I drew lions. I liked lions.
My mother thought back to the summer before when I’d discovered lions. They were in Hitler’s library. He had been gone for weeks. Gracy told me stories from the Bible. She showed me a famous painting by Lucas Cranach the Elder. It was of Samson wrestling the lion. 
I was taken aback by the lion. I became intrigued with them. I’d insisted that Gracy read stories about lions to me. The story of the lion with the thorn in his paw, Samson and the lion, and Hercules and the lion, were my favorites. I especially enjoyed hearing the adventures of the cowardly lion in L. Frank Baum’s The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Hitler was becoming increasingly hostile toward my mother. She feared him greatly now. She was deeply concerned about what he might do to us. 
Realizing she was interrupting Hitler’s cheers, she wanted to leave the square without arousing any more of his attention. The speech was over. Hitler would stay, shake some hands, and then return to his normal duties. My mother wanted to get us away from there before then. She didn’t want Hitler using me in any of his photos. 
Gracy looked around. The SS guards watched their Führer closely. They were well-versed in the art of combat. They stood near their leader with one objective: to ensure his safety. They did not ask questions. They simply waited to fire their guns. Gracy feared them almost as much as she did Hitler.
She squeezed my hand even tighter than before. She began leading me off the stage where we had been seated with numerous members of Hitler’s cabinet. Hitler faced away from us. He was still facing the crowd. His staff watched heatedly as Gracy led me off the stage before the event ended. I was not happy about her pulling me. At first I went along with it, but then I became irritable and started to jerk away from her. 
“Willem, what are you doing?” she whispered to me. Then she looked up at the person closest to her. He looked confused by her calling me Willem.
Quickly, Gracy realized they all knew me as Peter. Hitler did not want me to have the name Kessler, so after he married my mother, they renamed me Peter Hitler.
“Momma? I’m Peter,” I said.
“Come along, son. Quickly,” she said, jerking my arm again.
She looked up to see that Hitler was posing for pictures with some men that she didn’t recognize. He shot her an ugly glance over his shoulder.
As Gracy led me off the stage, some other members of Hitler’s staff began following. I continued fighting against her. Then she realized I was upset because I had dropped my sketchbook back on the stage.
Gracy began to return us to our seats. She saw the sketchbook. Before she could reach down and grab it, a hand snatched it up. It was Hitler’s. The photographers were blocked by two of his SS guards. 
Hitler realized the sketchbook was mine. He began to give it back to me, but first he took a quick glance inside. He stopped dead in his tracks. He stared at one of my sketches. His expression shifted from frustration to utter awe. He had not paid any attention to my drawings in months. Now he saw how good I was and at such a young age.
I stood at his feet, reaching up, trying to grab my sketchbook.
Hitler peered down at me; his jaw hung in the air. I used to think that he was tall back then.
“This is amazing,” Hitler said. He bent down and began handing the sketchbook back to me. I stared into the darkness in his eyes. I let go of my mother’s hand so that I could take back my sketchbook.
“This is a good drawing, son,” Hitler said.
Gracy heard the words from Hitler’s mouth and recoiled in horror. She witnessed a transformation in Hitler in that brief instant. It was a change she had feared. Hitler was now interested in her son. She could see it in his eyes. I had become his son.
Hitler watched me as Gracy pulled me away. He watched as we left the stage and faded into the crowd of people.
53
In Berlin, Hitler came to my mother and expressed more interest in me than he ever had before. After seeing my drawings, he now felt a connection to me, something that Gracy deeply feared. 
One day, I remember, he was asking her all kinds of questions about my interests. Although my mother did not approve of his interest, she dared not cross him. She told him I had a great interest in lions.
One day, Hitler sat me on his lap in the car. We were driving to a rally on the far side of Berlin. When he placed his thick fingers around me, my mother grimaced.
“Peter,” he said. “Do you know what a black lion is?” 
“No,” I said.
“A black lion is like a white tiger or a white panther; it is rare, very rare. Black lions are endangered. They are lions with most of their mane and coat colored black,” he said. 
“That sounds great!” I said.
“They are great. Well, I have a surprise for you and your mother,” he said, peering up into my mother’s eyes.
“What surprise? Adolf?” Gracy asked. She sounded worried. I could see the concern in her eyes.
“Gracy, I realized something when you interrupted my speech.”
“I’m sorry Adolf...I...”
“No need to apologize, Gracy. No need. I really have a surprise for you both.”
“What is it?” she asked.
“You will see. You will see,” he said, looking back at me and then staring out the window at the cold city. The winter neared its end. Hitler stared out the window, thinking of the magnificent architecture that made up our city.
We drove a little longer until we came to the Berlin Zoo.
“Gracy. You are mine. Peter is mine. I want you to accept that. But perhaps I have been hard on both of you. So my guards are going to give you both some time together. Here at the zoo. Each week I am going to allow you and Peter to come here and look at the animals,” Hitler said. 
More than I remember his words, I remember how excited I was to see the animals.
“And Peter, this zoo has a very special animal just for you. The last animal you will see is a very special cub,” Hitler said. He leaned forward and whispered to the driver. 
A single SS guard got out of the front of the car and opened my mother’s door. He escorted us away into the zoo.
54
Dark brass gates stood tall, allowing us to pass through the zoo’s front portal. The air was thick with the smell of snow and moisture. The zoo was a maze of animals and scary sounds. Gracy and I walked hand in hand everywhere. We were the only people there. The SS guards had closed down the zoo just for us. I felt like a prince. 
I was allowed to pet a giraffe, throw pebbles at the orangutans—who often threw them back, and feed peanuts to an elephant. It was a great day. But Hitler was right; the best part was at the end.
When Gracy and I reached the last habitat, I heard the roar before I saw the creature. Enclosed in a large area filled with high grass and an old, rusted automobile with no tires, was an enormous lion. He sat on top of the car, looking majestic. 
I started to giggle when he lazily rolled over onto his back and made growling sounds like a big cat. 
I could tell he saw us, but he did not seem to mind. A moment later, I saw that he wasn’t alone. There was an entire pride of lions. I could see at the base of the car, by the axle, a lioness was licking three cubs.
“Willem, look at that,” Gracy said. She pointed to a dark spot by the cubs. It was small, but it moved around like a fish flopping on the ground. At first, I thought it was a ball or a shred of the missing tires that the cubs were playing with, but a better look showed me that it was an animal.
“It's a black lion cub. Momma, it’s a black lion,” I said as I jumped with excitement. Hitler was right; they did exist.
The black lion cub was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. We could tell that he had just woken up. His brothers were playfully gnawing on his ears. 
Suddenly our escort approached the gate to the enclosure. He looked down at me with a stern, expressionless face. 
“Frau Hitler,” the guard said. My mother cringed at being called Mrs. Hitler. 
“Yes,” she answered coldly.
“Herr Hitler has commanded that the zoo officials allow Peter to enter the lion enclosure and pet the black cub.”
I was overwhelmed with excitement, but I could sense my mother was not excited at all.
Suddenly two zookeepers appeared behind the lion enclosure. They used long staffs to get the male lion’s attention. First they lured him away from the cubs and beyond an opening on the back wall. Then they returned and herded the lioness away from the cubs also. She was reluctant to leave them.
The zookeepers approached the gate and let me in.
My mother stayed close behind me. The SS guard walked out in front of both of us. When the zookeepers were sure it was safe, they led us to the black cub.
“Go ahead; he won't bite you,” one of them said to me.
Slowly, I approached the creature. He was skittish and a lot more timid than I had imagined. 
It took some time, but eventually he and I played for hours. And for the next several weeks I visited him many times. It was great because it was just me, my mother, and the black lion. 
The weeks turned into months. I had watched the lion cub grow rapidly to where he was bigger than me. 
55
One rainy morning when I was six years old, my mother took me to see the lion. It would be the last time. 
Hitler, whom I had thought of as my father, was taking the day to do a propaganda campaign. I remember that he had expressed a great deal of concern for Gracy spending so much time with just the two of us. He wanted us to go to his press conference, but Gracy insisted that we go to the zoo. 
“Adolf, Willem really wants to go,” she said.
“Damn it! Gracy, don’t call him Willem!” Hitler yelled at her. I sat in the opposite room, but I could still hear them. They fought a lot in the end. My mother was becoming more and more daring. 
“I'm sorry, Adolf. I meant Peter. It’s confusing sometimes,” she said.
“I forgive you,” Hitler said. “You can take him to your stupid zoo, but I want to see him become one of us soon. I want him to know that he is my son!”
Hitler banged on his chest to emphasis the word “my.”
“I understand,” Gracy said.
56
Thunder rumbled, making the sky sound like we were inside a giant’s growling belly. The rain had stopped just before we left for the zoo. The skies were covered in a light grayish hue.
“Willem, I want to talk to you,” Gracy said.
We sat with the black lion, which was now fairly large. He licked my hand. The zoo keepers said he took to me unlike he had with any of them. I felt a connection to him.
I was not allowed to have any friends. My connection to the lion was a kinship unlike anything I had ever known.
The ground was soggy, but being six years old, I didn’t care. Surprisingly though, Gracy sat with me. Together we petted the lion. I called him Mokka, which in English is Mocha.
“Willem, can you keep a secret?” Gracy asked me.
“What kind of secret?” I asked, thinking she wanted to play a game.
“The kind of secret that no one can ever know. No one, Willem. You can never tell Adolf, your father,” she said, scooting closer to me.
Mocha looked at her with great attention, as if she meant me harm. He was very protective of me.
“Mocha is a good animal. He wants to protect you. I want to protect you too, Willem. But there is something I want to tell you, something I have to tell you. Your mother may not be around forever. And you need to know about your father. Your real father.”
“Poppa,” I said. “What about him,” I replied. 
“Poppa? You mean Adolf. Where did you hear Poppa?”
“Father told me to call him Poppa from now on,” I said. I remember the expression on my mother’s face so vividly. She looked like my words had stabbed her like a barrage of daggers, like a booby trap, rigged to pierce her heart.
“No, Willem, he is not your Poppa. I want to tell you about a man, a great man named Heinrik Kessler,” Gracy said. She gently stroked her hands through my hair as I did the same to Mocha.
Gracy told me the story of Heinrik, as I’ve told you. She told me the story of my father.
57
 A trickle of rain fell from the sky and landed on the tip of the Erma EMP submachine gun. The water slipped off the barrel and fell to the ground. Two SS guards stood on either side of the door to Hitler’s apartment building. EMP machine guns close in hand, they stood alert.
Gracy lay in her bed. She’d fallen asleep as soon as she’d gotten back from the speech. The sun had set hours earlier, giving birth to the night. 
She slept soundly, feeling victorious that she had told me of Heinrik. She dreamed of him.
Suddenly, she stirred, realizing how quiet it was in her room. Suspiciously, she looked around the room. She didn’t want to get out of bed because Hitler was nowhere around. Rarely did she get to enjoy the bed alone. 
However, she wondered about me. Generally I slept in the bed with them. She looked around the room. I was nowhere in sight. Frantically, Gracy leapt to her feet. She closed her nightgown and stepped into her slippers. 
Walking through the long halls, Gracy searched for me. She stumbled past Hitler’s private study. She heard me laughing like I was playing.
“Willem?” Gracy whispered. She didn’t want Hitler to catch me in the study. Gracy knew that neither of us was allowed to go in any of Hitler’s studies. In every apartment and house he owned, that was the one rule he made very clear to my mother and me. 
“Never go into the study,” he had said to us.
That was where he performed matters of state, and it was none of her business. Of course, she suspected that it really was a rule meant to hide us from his friends and staff.
My laughter grew as she slowly pushed the door open. 
I sat on Hitler’s lap behind the desk. He tickled me. The two of us played as if we were longtime friends, or actually father and son. I was too young to know any different then. 
In front of us on the desk were some of Hitler’s old paintings. They rested side by side with my sketches, as if they were all done by the same artist. Hitler admired my talents. Thinking back, I even think he was envious. Even then, my artistic abilities were advanced, far more than his were. 
Hitler looked up from the drawing of a lion and saw Gracy. She froze with terror. 
“Why, Gracy. You woke up just in time. Peter and I were just looking at his sketches. They are so amazing. He gets his talent from me,” Hitler said, with a disturbing expression. His eyes cocked up at her while his head tilted down toward the art.
Gracy trembled. 
“Why don’t you come in and join us, dear?” Hitler asked. “Come and sit next to us. We can compare Peter’s drawings with mine—as a family.”
Gracy whispered, “Willem…”
Hitler was silent for a moment.
“What? Gracy, did you say something?” Hitler asked.
“Willem,” she mumbled.
“Gracy, really I can’t hear what you are saying,” Hitler retorted.
“His name isn’t Peter! You monster!” she screamed, still trembling in fear.
Hitler put me up on the desk. He stood up from the chair and tussled my blond hair. 
“Don’t worry, Peter. Mommy is just upset,” he said. Hitler marched over to Gracy. 
She stood completely still. Her breathing grew heavy. Hitler circled around her.
“Gracy,” Hitler said calmly. “Willem is no more. He is Peter now.”
“No! He is Willem! He’s my son! And he is Willem!” she screamed.
“He is Peter! He is Peter! He is my son!” 
Hitler returned. He began banging his fist down on a nearby table.
Gracy shuddered.
“He is not your son! He has never been your son! He is Heinrik’s son!” Gracy said. She turned toward him, too terrified to make any other movements. She tried to stand strong and stare into his eyes.
“Heinrik? Heinrik is dead! He is dead!” Hitler screamed. His anger teetered on the brink of becoming fury.
One of Hitler’s SS guards entered the apartment to investigate the shouting. 
“Herr Hitler?” the guard called out. 
“Stay out there!” Hitler shouted into the darkness of the hallway.
“Yes, Führer!” the guard said.
Hitler clenched his fists. He looked back at me; I stood near the back corner of the room. Holding tightly to my sketchbook, I trembled, staring up at my mother. 
A moment of near silence swept between us. Fire crackled in the fireplace. Hitler approached the fire and leaned against the mantle. He fidgeted with a picture of one of his distant nephews.
“Did you tell him?” Hitler whispered.
“What?” Gracy asked. She moved closer so she was within earshot of Hitler’s voice.
“Did you tell him who his father was?” Hitler asked. He reached out and grabbed my mother by the throat.
“Momma?” I said. I reached out to her from the back corner of the room with my free hand.
“Shut up, Peter!” Hitler said. He stared back into Gracy’s eyes and released her from his grip. 
“Does he know, Gracy?” he repeated, taking a deep breath.
“No,” she said.
Hitler thought for a moment. He walked over to me. He reached down and tussled my golden hair once again.
Gracy began to approach me.
Hitler screamed at her, “Stop! You stay there!”
Gracy shuddered. Suddenly, she felt cold. Even near the fire, she felt a tremendous chill.
Hitler grabbed my hand and pulled me over to the desk. He reached into a drawer for a moment.
“Gracy, did you tell him?” Hitler asked again.
“I said that I never told him!” she answered.
“So he doesn’t know about his father?” Hitler asked.
“I said no!” 
Hitler dragged me by my hand to the front of the desk. I started to cry, standing between Gracy and Hitler. 
Quickly, Gracy saw the gun in Hitler’s hand. It was behind me. I felt its cold steel handle brush against the back of my neck at the bottom of my hair line.
My mother began to cry also. 
“No, Adolf,” she begged. “Don’t hurt my baby.”
Hitler motioned the gun behind my head. The barrel peeked out, sending a chill down Gracy's spine.
“Did you tell him?”
“No! I swear I never told him! He’s your son! Adolf. He is yours,” she begged.
Hitler ripped the sketchbook out of my hand. He tossed it to the floor. The book fell open to my favorite drawing of Mocha as a full-grown lion.
“Son,” Hitler said. “This is a gun.”
Hitler showed the weapon to me. It terrified me to my very core. He swayed it from side to side so that I could study it. 
Gracy reached out with her hand toward me. 
“No!” she exclaimed.
Our eyes locked. 
“Please,” she begged.
Hitler looked up at her. 
“Peter, open your hand,” he said, staring up at Gracy.
I opened the palms of my hands, reaching out toward her. Hitler shoved the gun into one and gripped it with me. He forced me to hold it.
“Do you see this whore? Do you see her, Peter?”
Tears flooded my face. I was utterly confused and scared.
“Adolf? No,” Gracy pleaded.
“Who is your father, Peter?” Hitler asked.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“Who?” Hitler asked again.
“Mommy,” I said, staring at my mother through tear-blurred eyes.
“Peter! Who is your father?” Hitler shouted.
“Willem,” Gracy said. She smiled at me.
The gun pointed in her direction.
“Willem, who is your father? What is his name? Tell me! Tell me!” Hitler screamed.
My vision was blinded by the tears. I saw my mother’s silhouette. Terrified, I answered, “Heinrik.”
Hitler froze at the sound of that name. He looked into Gracy’s petrified eyes.
 “You told him!” he shouted.
My vision cleared. I felt Hitler raise the gun higher. My little fist was forced to hold the gun. It was heavy. 
Scared, I looked down toward the sketchbook. I stared at the lion. The paper was white with the dark shaded areas detailing the black lion.
My finger was beneath Hitler’s. I felt the weight of Hitler’s hands over mine as I was forced to squeeze the trigger. 
The gun fired. It echoed throughout the apartment building. Several SS guards rushed in, clamoring into the small space. 
I felt the vibration from the gunshot. It shook my entire body. The bones in my arms rattled. The echo penetrated my skull. I could hear nothing. 
I stared in absolute horror at the sketchbook on the floor and at the sketch of the lion. Blood splattered across the page. The blood seeped into the page and filled the outline of the lion. The blood soaked the drawing and then turned black before my eyes.
I could no longer see the color red. It vanished from the palette of colors held in my mind. It vanished before my eyes, replaced with the color black. 
To me, the color of blood was now the color of darkness.
 
 
Part Three
Beowulf
Chapter Five
The Gathering of Beasts
20 April 1936
58
Moths surrounded the windowpane. A dim light shone through. Outside the government building, people gathered. They waited for hours just to get a glimpse of Hitler. They were unaware that he stood on the east wing balcony. No one could see him. The SS guards had closed off that part of the building to onlookers. He was alone. He leaned against the railing and looked over the edge. It was a three-story drop to the ground. He could see cigarette butts littered behind the bushes in the courtyard below. 
Hitler wore a new suit, a perfect tie, and a pair of gray trousers. With flawlessly combed hair, he was ready to join the festivities of his comrades. However, his mind was preoccupied and therefore unconcerned with the celebration of his birthday.
The country’s armed forces were mobilizing and gearing up for a new war. Germany had fortified its relationship with Mussolini. Hitler had already made many friends and enemies. There were politicians in his own party who were concerned with his leadership. There always had been, but the dissenters remained silent for fear of death. Hitler had defeated most of his political enemies. And they usually ended up dead.
Enormous thoughts weighed on his mind. The entire world watched him now. In order to establish Germany as the superior power he believed it was, he had to consider the actions of the rest of the world. He knew Great Britain would challenge him. He knew the U.S. and Russia would follow. Lost in his thoughts, he almost hadn’t noticed he was not alone.
Slowly, a figure moved silently and swiftly to the balcony Hitler leaned against. At first he did not notice me. It was a few moments before he reacted to my silent approach.
“Peter,” Hitler said as he gazed into the eyes of a young Willem Kessler. That former name was no more; now I was only Peter. As far as Hitler was concerned, Willem Kessler had died years ago with my mother.
“Yes, Poppa,” I answered. I stopped in my tracks. 
“You will never be able to sneak up on me, and you know it. I can sense you. That is how you must learn to think. Remember that. Everyone could be trying to sneak up behind you at any given time. Never turn your back.”
“Yes, Poppa,” I answered. I was a mature 12-year-old at this point. My hair was groomed as perfectly as Hitler’s. His personal aides groomed me. They were constantly brushing my hair and telling me what to say and where to stand. 
My green eyes glimmered from out of the shadows. Hitler smiled at me. The two of us had mostly forgotten the name Willem. Of course, the memory was more lost on me than on Hitler. 
“Poppa, are you going to come inside for the rest of your birthday party?” I asked.
“I will. I am just thinking about Germany. It’s hard for your father to celebrate when there is so much cleansing to be done in the world. So much cleansing. There are so many German youths out there who are squandering their lives in poverty because of the Jew,” Hitler said.
“Yes, Poppa.”
“Son. Don’t call me Poppa. You are too old for that now,” he said.
“Yes, sir,” I replied.
“Is Himmler waiting for me?” he asked.
“He is here, but I have not talked with him. He scares me.”
“What?” Hitler asked.
“Nothing, Father.”
“He scares you?” Hitler asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“That’s a weakness in you that I have almost forgotten. You get that from your mother,” Hitler said, looking away from me for a moment. He gripped his hands around the railing on the balcony, staring out over the backyard once again.
“Peter, you are going to make a fine leader one day. This country will be free of Jewry by the time you arrive into power, but until then you have a lot to learn. You have to learn to be fierce. Remember the lions you painted for me. They do not tremble or feel fear and neither must you. Do you understand me?”
“Yes, Father. I understand you.” 
“You must forget your Jewish side. Like Germany, you will forget. Now, let’s go inside and join our guests.”
Hitler took me by the hand, and we walked through the terrace doors and into the house.
59
In a grand ballroom, Germans, Europeans, and Americans mingled. All of the guests were Nazi party members or contributors to the Reich. Many were the most respected politicians and entertainers in the world. Others were wealthy elites and aristocrats. 
They were all there to invest in Hitler’s dream, his vision. The room was burnished like a palace ballroom. Richly decorated tables sat in every corner. Waiters walked around carrying trays of fine wine and fresh fruits. Some carried trays filled with bite-size pieces of Germany’s best chocolate.    
I stood just over five feet now. I was tall for my age. I wore a suit that was tailored specially for this event. I did not make many public appearances. Hitler kept me near but away from all of the politics, the people, and the media. 
I stayed near the darkest corner of the ballroom. I gazed through the thick cigar smoke that flooded the air. I leaned against lime-green wallpaper that covered the wall. I was next to a painting of a woman’s face. The painting was rather abstract, and the face had been painted so that it slowly merged with the background, almost as if the face were becoming invisible, fading away into my memories. 
A quartet of violin players stood in the middle of the room. Political leaders—wearing swastika pins on the outside of their tuxedos—filled the room. Generals talked with rich politicians and their contributors about matters of state. Everywhere I went, I felt out of place and uneasy. I could not remember why. 
I pulled out a small, black sketchbook. It was old and worn. I had drawn in it for as long as I could remember. I’d struggled with my memories all of my life. I rarely looked back at the old drawings. But when I did, they triggered some details I had forgotten. 
Hitler had raised me to believe in the future and not the past. I turned the pages to a new sketch. It was of the magnificent German countryside. There were horses in the distance and a German flag that protruded before a large command center just at the belly of a mountain range. 
“That’s beautiful,” a voice said. It sounded like a girl’s voice. I looked up to see Anna Milan. She was the daughter of one of Hitler’s Italian friends, a businessman. 
“Thank you,” I said.
“Your name is Peter, right?” Anna asked.
“Yes,” I answered. My hair fell slightly in front of my eyebrow. I reached up and furrowed it. I took in the beauty of Anna. Her blond locks fell across her shoulders and over the tops of her breasts. She was an attractive girl. If I were to engage in a relationship with Anna, I was certain my father would approve.
“Your father is the Führer?” Anna asked.
“Yes,” I said.
“I wonder why I have never met you before. My name is Anna Milan; our fathers are friends,” she said. She walked over and leaned against the wall next to me.
My palms began to sweat a little. I was not very experienced with girls. Actually, I was not very experienced with people in general. Hitler kept me isolated from others. Anna was a year older than I was, but I had heard my father’s friends talking about her body. Many of the older Nazis looked at her with lustful desires. 
“So, you like to draw?” she asked.
“Yes,” I answered.
“Can you say anything other than yes?”
“Yes, sorry,” I responded.
“That’s okay. So what are you drawing?”
“It’s my father’s vision. I just draw it. He tells me things and teaches me things and then asks me to draw them for him.”
“Interesting,” Anna said.
“What about you? What about you?”
“Well, I’m here with my father and now I’m talking with you. You know I’ve noticed you before.”
“You have?”
“Yes, I saw you looking at me last month when your father and my father met for dinner with some people I don’t know. I sat at the far end of the table from you. You just sat and stared at your food.”
“My father told me that it is better to observe than participate. He always says, ‘The man who observes can act later with a strategic course of action.’ Or he says something like that. I‘ve heard his speeches and talks many times.”  
“Are you sure he said that? It doesn’t sound like him,” Anna asked.
“You are right. Maybe I said that,” I said. We giggled. “Honestly, I sometimes don’t listen to carefully.”
The two of us were now sitting on the floor next to each other. We sat unnoticed by the politicians and onlookers. We were alone in our own space. The lights grew dimmer in the ballroom and candles flickered from their perches and candlesticks. There were more people concentrated around the ballroom dance floor than around the edges of the tables. 
“You know, being the son of the Führer must be exciting,” she said.
“It can be,” I said.
“What’s the matter? You are not always excited by the things that are going on around you all of the time? The governing and planning are not exciting? You are witnessing history.”
“I guess so. I sort of just watch. I don’t really have a very active role in anything that my father does,” I said.
“What about your mother?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” I said.
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t remember her. My father and I don’t talk about her very much. She died when I was very young. I don’t remember her that well,” I said. “I think she was ill. My father doesn’t like to talk about it.” 
“Ah, well, that must be painful,” Anna said.
“No. I don’t think about it that much. Like I said, I don’t remember her.”
“Not at all?” she asked, leaning in closer to me. I could feel her breath on my cheek.
“Sometimes I dream about her, but they are only dreams. Sometimes I dream of drawing her, but that is all,” I said. 
“And your father never says anything about her?” she asked.
“He never talks about her. He says that it is not wise to dwell on the past because the past leads us backward when we must go forward. We must always be facing forward. You can’t travel forward when you are watching the road behind you,” I said.
60
In a dank room, two of Hitler’s SS guards stared at a man tied to a chair. He was stark naked. His hands and feet were tightly bound. Dirty brown hair was the only thing that kept his head warm. The prisoner was French. It appeared he was barely conscious. The bruises on his body had swelled to the size of lemons. 
Black and red bruises had been left on his body by a large, blood-drenched mallet that lay on the floor near the corner of the room. The head of the hammer was warm from the strikes against the Frenchman’s stomach and side. A pail, half-filled with vomit, rested on the floor next to him. He had been tortured for hours, and now he was beyond fear. He had given up long ago. 
Hitler was notorious for being able to avoid traps. The French assassin did not care how dangerous his assignment was; he had had to accept it for his country. He was a patriot.
Hitler had successfully avoided the assassin’s attempt to kill him. 
61
Anna and I had moved away from the wall with the painting of a woman’s face long ago. We escaped into the warmth of the kitchen. Waiters would occasionally go in and out the main kitchen doors. Some of the waiters carried out new trays filled with snacks or drinks. Except for the traffic of the waiters, the two of us were alone.   
“Peter, we have been talking for an hour now and I have not heard you mention much about the politics that your father talks about all the time in his speeches,” Anna said. 
Her neckline revealed her dark tan. Her eyes sparkled. All of the boys I knew wanted Anna. She was one of the reasons many of the other sons of Germany’s elite looked forward to these parties. They all wanted to see her. Tonight, however, she chose to talk only to me. No one else mattered.
“My father doesn’t involve me too much in the politics he deals with. I have heard his speeches when he writes them, but I have no input. I suspect he is going to start involving me more someday, as I grow older.”
“Do you think that he will give you his job one day?” she asked.
“One day? Maybe. I don’t know. He is always grooming me to say the right thing or he is teaching me how to make decisions. He tells me what to wear. What music to listen to. When I can talk and to whom I may talk. There are even people who tell me what to think.”
One of Hitler’s aides, a gangly man, walked into the kitchen at that moment and searched around and then stopped, his eyes directly on me. He beckoned me to follow him.
“I’m sorry to interrupt you two, but the Führer is asking for you, Peter,” the aide said.
“I must go,” I said. I stood up and stretched my legs. Then I headed toward him. 
“Peter,” Anna said.
“Yes,” I stopped and turned back around to face her. She was standing now.
“Will I see you again?” she asked.
“I hope so,” I said, and then followed the aide into the banquet area. 
The violin music resonated through the kitchen doors as they opened. The music filled my ears. I followed the aide through the array of guests. We stopped occasionally so that I could acknowledge one of my father’s powerful friends. One such friend was Anna’s father. He smiled at me in a peculiar way, as if he had something to say, but he thought it best not to say anything. 
The aide led me down a flight of stairs and into a part of the building I had never been before. Of course it could be troublesome for any boy my age to keep up with all of the rooms in the building, especially when we were always in different buildings to begin with. Hitler hardly stayed in the same building over a month at a time. We had numerous homes all over Germany, especially in Berlin. Many of our homes were kept secret.
At the bottom of the stairs, a guard sat behind a desk and another stood behind him in front of a thick steel door. This door led into an underground bunker. I assumed it was where my father negotiated his private dealings. 
Hitler never told me about any of the things that went on in the bunker. And there weren’t too many things he didn’t share with me. At least that was what I had thought up until that day. I believed, wholeheartedly, that we didn’t have any secrets between us. He had really brainwashed me into believing that he was my father.
The guard at the desk looked up at me for a moment and saluted me in a way I had never seen before. 
He said, “Hail Hitler,” with an outstretched arm raised toward the ceiling.  
The aide returned the salute, and they both stared at me strangely for a long moment. I looked at them in confusion, and then catching on, I mimicked the same salute. I had never been saluted before. 
“Hail Hitler,” I said.
“Perfect form, sir,” the guard said. “You may enter.” 
The guard signaled to the other one behind me. He turned to the door and retrieved a key from under his shirt. It was tied to a silver chain; he knocked on the door twice near the bottom, signaling his entry. He unlocked it, pulling the door open. After waiting for us to enter, he shut it behind us. 
Following the aide, we made our way down into a small chamber. Inside, Hitler was waiting with two guards and a middle-aged man. There was something strange about the middle-aged man. He seemed emotionless. His eyes, his face—there was no expression on them. He had short black hair and rugged features. He appeared battle-hardened. He wore a black shirt and black trousers. He looked down at me with piercing eyes. 
I had never seen him before. He was not in a uniform, but he seemed to obey my father as if he were a personal servant.
“Peter,” Hitler said. “This is Beowulf. I’m sure you have heard mention of him.”
“No, Father, I haven’t,” I said.
“Well, Beowulf is many things to me and to Germany, but for now, think of him as a patriot and loyal friend to your father. He loves this country and your father. He is a skilled man and soldier. He performs many services for us.”
I trembled at the meaning behind the word services. I hoped no one noticed, particularly my father. 
Hitler stepped over to me and grabbed me firmly by the shoulders.
“Today you will begin to learn new lessons, important lessons. I have been proud of you your whole life. Continue to make me proud,” Hitler said, gazing deeply into my eyes.
“Yes, sir,” I said. I broke off his gaze and peered over to Beowulf. 
I lied when I’d said I had never heard mention of Beowulf. I had heard the name before. It was a name of violence. Beowulf was a cold-blooded killer, heartless and soulless. His name had been uttered by my father’s lips before. I had overheard his name is whispers and hushed conversations. He was a notorious assassin. He was wanted in France, England, and even in Russia. No one was sure of his country of origin. And I knew little else about him. 
“Peter, I have prepared you for many aspects of leadership; you have been taught by some of the most prominent minds in all of Europe when it comes to theory, mathematics, literature, and art. Now it’s time you start to learn about leadership,” Hitler said, pacing.
Hitler and Beowulf led me back out into the hallway and around a corner. We passed the door where I had entered and made our way to one of many doors in the long corridor. Hitler reached out and turned the knob and pushed the door open. The odor inside the dark room intruded into my nose. I began to choke on the wretched smells. It smelled of sickness in there.
Three people were in the dank room. One man was tied to a chair. His side was bludgeoned, and his eyes were dry and bloodshot. Most of his teeth were scattered across the floor; dried blood covered his face. The blood was blackish. This was the first time I had seen so much blood. 
“Father?” I said, trembling. “What is this?”
“This, my son, is what you must learn,” Hitler answered. He gestured to the guards to leave the room, and they did. 
The man in the chair was exhausted and unwilling to move when they first entered. Seeing Beowulf jumpstarted the prisoner; he severely shifted and struggled in the chair. He convulsed back and forth, fighting his restraints. Neither the chair nor the restraints budged. The chair was bolted to a wooden plank attached to the floor.
Beowulf picked up the mallet from the floor and looked over at Hitler, who gave a nod to demonstrate his approval. Hitler stood behind me and placed each of his hands on my shoulders so I could not turn my head. He didn’t want me to look away. 
Beowulf swung the mallet down and crushed the man’s big toe on his left foot. The prisoner screamed out in French. Blood splattered in all directions across the floor in front of him. The toenail had splintered and shattered in several places. The entire foot turned black almost immediately. Some of his bones poked through his skin.
Beowulf raised the hammer again and slammed it down. The next two toes splattered worse than the first had, and again the Frenchman screamed out in pain. 
“No!” he screamed. Tears streamed out of his eyes and down his face.
Beowulf raised the mallet again.
“Stop!” I screamed out.
“Quiet!” Hitler said, squeezing my shoulders tighter. Then he said, “Continue, Beowulf.”
Beowulf continued. The next blow was to the man’s right foot. His whole foot cracked. The sound intensified with the man’s scream. It sounded like every bone in his right foot shattered along with each toenail. The blood ran off the wooden plank and down to a drain I had just noticed for the first time. The drain was rusted and appeared to be overflowing with the blood that had passed through over the last few hours.
Hitler released me. I scampered to the wall and leaned against it. The scene I witnessed horrified me to the core. Blips of a past memory flashed in front of my eyes, but they were too fast for me to grab onto. 
Flashes of a lion appeared. Then flashes of my mother, but I could not connect the two memories. I had blocked out the events of my early childhood.
“Now tell me again, what is your name?” Hitler asked the Frenchman.
“Fuck you!” he responded. His speech was slurred because most of his teeth were on the ground and his gums had already started to swell.
“Beowulf,” Hitler said. 
Beowulf smiled and tossed the hammer to the ground. He reached behind his back and pulled a long knife out of his pocket. The blade glimmered in the dim light of the room. The blade was not very thick but razor-sharp with one serrated edge. 
Beowulf leaned over the man in the chair and grabbed his right arm. The prisoner struggled against his tormentor as best he could, but Beowulf quickly stabbed the blade through the man’s inner elbow and into the arm of the chair. He twisted the blade in the wound. Then he tried to pull it out of the arm, but it was stuck in both the wood of the chair and the bone of the man’s arm. 
With tremendous struggle, Beowulf recovered the knife from the man’s arm. Then he grabbed the Frenchman's other arm. He began to stab when the man finally blurted out his name. He said his name in French. He said it too softly for me to hear, but Beowulf heard it.
After the man’s identity became known, Hitler stood closer to me. He said, “That’s enough, Beowulf.”
Beowulf wiped the blade off with a blood-soaked towel and returned it to what looked like a small scabbard near his back pocket. 
Hitler smiled at me and guided me to the door. 
“Wait here for one more moment,” Hitler said and then turned toward the man in the chair and pulled a gun from inside his suit jacket. He fired the gun twice into the man’s chest.
My mind flooded with horrific glimpses of a lost dream. It was the face of my mother, a face I had nearly forgotten. Suddenly, I was grasping at fractions of what she might have looked like. And there was a boy. He held a gun, but the glimpses vanished from my mind.
I wondered if the boy was me.
Chapter Six
Feast of Wolves
Dijon, France
1936
62
A cobblestone street led up to the little house. It was dimly lit, and the rain made it even darker. A figure stood near the high hedges along the street corner. He peered out from under the rim of a dark hat. The rain drizzled off the hat and hindered his vision just slightly. Beowulf’s face was covered in stubble. His eyes were black and soulless. 
The streets were empty. He was on the outskirts of Dijon, France. He had traveled across the German-French border. No one had stopped him. No one suspected him of anything. The Germans had marched up and down the French border for weeks. They were ordered by the Führer to do so. 
Hitler ordered them to march, just to test the French response. He wanted to see what they would do exactly. However, the soldiers were ordered to retreat if the French showed any opposition. They never showed any resistance at all, and Hitler was satisfied. The incursion Hitler ordered also had another purpose; it was to distract the French from Beowulf’s journey across the border. It was to make it easier for the assassin to cross into France.
He’d walked into town only an hour earlier. He searched for a certain house, a house that he now stood in front of. He watched it from across the street, waiting for the lights to go out, and finally most of them did. The last light that shone from the front of the house had just gone dark. He felt the shotgun scrape his leg under his trench coat as he walked up the street. 
The gate to the front yard of the house was unlocked; he opened it. The gate squealed. He looked around at the other houses on the street; none of the neighbors were awake. He continued into the house. It was dark inside, but his eyes adjusted to the faint moonlight leaking in through the windows. He found the kitchen and quickly swept his gaze around the room, the shotgun ready at his side. There was no one there. 
He followed the tiled floor until he reached the living room. A little girl slept quietly on the couch. She appeared to be about 10 years old.
Beowulf suspected she might be faking sleep. So he pointed the gun at her and took aim. She did not move. She was completely asleep. He lowered the weapon and began to search the rest of the home. He wanted to locate all of the occupants before firing a shot and alerting any of them. 
In the hallway he peered into an empty bedroom. It seemed to be the little girl’s bedroom. The wallpaper was covered with pink flowers. Scattered all over the top of the bed were well-dressed dolls. Each doll was meticulously clothed. Their hair was perfectly combed. 
Beowulf continued down the hall and found the master bedroom. A small boy, around three years old, slept on the bed. The boy’s hair was messy. He was shirtless; he lay face down. 
Beowulf followed a flicker of light that emitted from a door in the back of the bedroom. The door was slightly ajar. He walked to it and peered in through the crack. He saw a woman bathing in a tub. Candles surrounded her. The candles dimly lit the entire bathroom. 
The woman was alone. He watched as she lathered her legs with a bar of dull, white soap. Her raven black hair was soaked and slicked back. He jarred the door open with the barrel of the shotgun. A slight creaking sound emanated that was almost unnoticeable. 
The woman kept bathing. She hummed softly to herself. Her humming masked the creaking of the door. Beowulf moved closer to her. He could see her naked body. Water glistened off her bare breast. The water was gray and murky. Beowulf could see his shadowy, distorted reflection in it as he approached. The woman did not notice him. Instead, she watched her hand gliding the soap across her stomach and chest. 
Beowulf stepped onto a blue bath mat that lay in front of the tub. The woman noticed him in her peripheral vision and jolted around to come face to face with the shotgun’s barrel.
Terrified, she whispered to him, pleading, “Please, don’t hurt my children,” she begged repeatedly. “You can do whatever you want. You can take whatever you want. Please? Please? Just don’t hurt my children.”
Beowulf smiled at her and fired the gun into her chest. Her body sprang back in the tub. The water splashed out over the edges and across the floor. He moved closer to her and put the shotgun in her face, but he did not fire. 
Instead, he backed off and watched as she struggled to breath. Her chest, ribs, and torn flesh were exposed. Blood emerged into the murky tub water. Flesh and bone were covered in blood. He watched her eyes roll back in her head. She coughed up more blood. Unsuccessfully, she tried to move. She reached toward Beowulf. After a short period of struggling, she stopped.
Beowulf turned back to the bedroom. He came into the room and found the boy, now wide awake. He rubbed his eyes. The shotgun blast had awakened him from a deep sleep. He squinted, trying to focus on Beowulf. 
The shotgun barrels pointed at him. Beowulf fired. The second barrel went off. The blast propelled the boy into the air and against the wall. A pool of blood separated his torso from his shoulder and part of his neck. His small right hand jittered around on the floor.
Beowulf stopped over the boy and popped the barrel of the gun open. He pulled out the two empty shell casings and threw them onto the bed. Reaching into the inner pocket of his jacket, he pulled out two new shells. He reloaded the gun and focused on the bedroom door. He expected the girl either to run into the room or to run out of the house, trying to escape.
He turned the corner and aimed the gun at the doorway to the living room. She did not enter. He walked directly into the living room and saw her running out the front door. He fired. The shotgun blast shot through the wall next to the front door. Wood splintered all over the small foyer, but the girl got away.
Beowulf walked out of the house after her. She was already out of the yard and beyond the gate. She made it a quarter of the way down the street. He estimated he only had a few moments until she was completely out of range. He aimed and fired the last round. The bullet tore straight through her side.
The girl flipped onto her back and landed on the street. Beowulf opened up the barrel again and dumped the empty casings out onto the street as he turned through the gate. The casings bounced a couple of times. 
He shut the gate behind him. He walked down the street to the girl. She half-crawled down a hill. Even as he approached her, she continued to try to escape. He reached into his jacket, but he did not have any more rounds for the gun. He shut the barrel and lowered the gun to his side. The hilt rested on the ground next to her.
She was crying. He reached down with his hand and covered her mouth and nose. She started to suffocate. She struggled against him. She clawed at his hands and scratched his wrists with her fingernails; her attempts did nothing but infuriate him. He continued to suffocate her until she stopped breathing. 
He stood up and looked around the neighborhood. Some of the porch lights were on. Many of the neighbors had started to come out to see what all the noise was. He smiled at one of them and continued down the road, leaving the French assassin’s family to rot on the street they had lived on for so many years.
Part Four
Secrets Roaring
Chapter Seven
School in the Mountains
Germany, 1938
 
63
Snow covered the mountains. The elevation was high. The mountains were difficult to climb. The mountain range proved to be adequate training grounds for mountaineers. It was isolated, secluded, and provided the harshest conditions. Germany had produced some of the world’s most famous mountaineers, including the first Westerners to complete the journey to the peaks of Tibet.
A secret school nested in one of the peaks. It was half exposed and half buried into the ground. Much of the outer part of the school stood on stilts—thick like the ones built for the piers and harbors of southern Germany. 
The school housed the children of Germany’s elite. The students were the future of Germany and possibly the world. They were the children of the leaders of the Nazi party. Some of their parents were the highest members of the government. I was one of these children. 
“Herr Hitler, your scores were the highest in the class for the second exam in a month. Your father will be pleased,” said Professor Rouscher. 
A thick man, Rouscher towered over the children. We both feared and respected him. He was the hardest instructor in the school. This would be my final semester. 
The professor dismissed class, but not before mentioning a special seminar scheduled for the following day. The students would start a series on interrogation and torture. We were to spend our night studying the different methods of interrogation used by commanding officers in the field. We studied the methods used by the best generals in history. Many studied as far back as ancient Greece.
I gathered my books and headed for my room. It was in the darkness of my room where I thought about Rouscher’s words. I wondered what the project would be. More importantly, I worried about the torture part. It was a year ago that I’d witnessed the torture of the Frenchman, but it still haunted my sleep; it still haunts my sleep. 
Classes lasted well into the evenings. Today was no different. I took off my shirt and lay down in bed. I turned on the nearest lamp and started to draw in my sketchbook. The picture was a non-violent portrayal of the Frenchman’s torture. It was just a picture of three men in a room together. One of them sat in a chair of his own free will, no one making him sit. No restraints. No violence. No one making him answer any questions. This was the way I wanted to remember it. It helped me to sleep; back then I could trick myself like that.
64
The morning sun rose over the peaks of the mountains. It was warmer than usual. The heat melted some of the snow overnight. The roads were mostly passable. My room was filled with light. Suddenly I heard a sound. It was a truck. The wheels shoveled snow behind it and onto the road. This left enormous tire tracks that stretched down through the mountain range. 
My chest encapsulated the echo of my waking heart. I was not normally quick to rise, but the noise of the truck woke me. The contents of the truck aroused my curiosity. I wondered if it had something to do with our project. Sunlight lit the orange wallpaper that littered my room. And I was up.
I found my pants and met up with some other boys in the hall. They too had been awakened by the arriving truck. In fact, the boys on the lower part of the school already waited to see what was inside of the truck. They sat on the steps to the entrance of the school. Most of them were still in their pajamas. No one knew the contents of the vehicle, but they were all curious and very speculative. 
“Peter,” one of the boys screamed out, “there is a truck pulling up to the school.”
“I know that. Why else would everyone be out here at 5:30 in the morning?” I replied.
“Did you see all of the armed guards waiting outside for the truck to stop?” the kid said back.
“No, why are there guards?” I asked.
Now it was definitely worth my getting out of bed, I’d decided. 
The walk down three flights of stairs to the first floor was not an easy one because the entire school was now awake and shuffling about in order to see what all the excitement was. Already rumors flew around. A small crowd began surrounding the truck. At least they were as close to it as the armed guards would let them get. 
I finally pushed my way to the outside steps so I could get a better view. I couldn’t stay at my bedroom window; it would be too hard for me to see anything from there. 
Too many kids were scattered in the yard. They obstructed my view. The guards did their best to hold the kids back. Everyone watched as a team of armed guards stepped off the truck. They walked over to Professor Rouscher. He was standing near the gates to the loading section at the side of the school. He instructed the guards to unload the contents of the truck into the large opening of the school’s auditorium.
At first the guards lowered their weapons and followed his instructions. However, when it was time to open the back of the truck, they became hesitant. Flagrant doubt dominated their demeanor. The guard closest to the back of the truck signaled to the others. He stirred as though he saw something moving in the truck. Whatever the truck’s cargo was, it terrified him. The cargo in the truck was alive and restless. The crowd could hear it rustling around. 
We were all startled by how fear-stricken the guards suddenly were. They were never afraid of anything, never. The children did not know what to make of the sudden uneasiness of the most violent and efficient SS police that the world had ever seen.
The rear guard crept closer to the back of the truck. His fellow guards urged him to open the rear so that they could let something out. I wondered what it was.
The guard did as he was told and unlocked the cab. He opened the gate and stared inside. All the crowd could see was the darkness of the cab.
“Is it still sleeping?” another guard asked. He held a tranquilizer gun at the ready. 
“I think so,” the first guard said. He lowered his weapon and lifted a flashlight from behind his belt. Inside the darkness, he saw it dart through the flashlight’s beam. He realized he had been mistaken. It was not sleeping. It was very much awake and alert.
A very rare, African Cape lion with a black mane and dark fur appeared from out of the darkness. It was easily the largest in captivity. With intense speed and power, the beast leapt out from the back of the truck. 
Before anyone could react, the lion had taken the guard’s head half off. The head hung, still attached, to his neck. Exposed veins and bones barely held the head onto the body. It dangled as the body fell to the ground. Blood ran from the open wound and merged into the snow. Horrified, I imagined a glass of red wine spilling onto a fine, white satin tablecloth; only in my eyes the wine was black. The wine filled the honeycomb shapes made by the cloth’s stitching.    
The next guard also carried a tranquilizer rifle. He responded slowly but managed to fire a single dart into the lion’s side. The angry lion leapt on him before he could fire another shot. The lion tore out the man’s throat with its large razor-like claws. Blood spurted out of the man’s neck and fell onto the snowy ground. 
The crowd of children screamed as they ran off in different directions. Some of them zigzagged and ran smack into each other. The lion looked around, confused and slightly scared. It hesitated for a moment. Then it suddenly leapt through the crowd of children and locked eyes with me. It ran directly at me. 
The black beast was enormous. Its fur fluttered from the cold breeze, waving like thick grass at night on the plains of Africa. It lunged toward me as if to attack, but it stopped moments before a deadly strike. With interlocked eyes, we both recognized each other. Deep down in my blood I knew it was my black cub from years before.
“Mocha?” I asked. 
The black lion sniffed me. He did not attack. Instead, he gave me a look I never thought I would see again. It was the playful eyes of my black lion cub. 
Suddenly, Mocha started to growl at me. At first I was scared, but then I realized that he was growling at one of the guards who was standing behind me. The guard thought the lion was coming for him. Out of fright, he grabbed me.
“Back away, beast!” he shouted.
“No, let me go,” I said. “Put me down!”
“Stop moving, you little brat!” the guard said.
“Mocha!” I shouted.
The black lion roared at the guard. I felt the man’s heart skip a beat in his chest. He began trembling. With lightning-like ferocity, Mocha lunged at the guard. Afraid for his life, the guard ducked down behind me, using me as a shield against the lion.
Mocha tried to retract his claws, but it was too late. He pulled back as much as he could in the last possible second; if he hadn’t, I would be dead. The tips of his claws slashed through my sweater and tore into my chest, leaving the faded scars across my chest and down my abdomen. 
The guard slapped his hands down on my chest, trying to stop the immense bleeding. I felt nothing. Everything had suddenly become numb. I was going into shock.    
 Mocha approached us. The guard trembled in overwhelming fear, but he could not run. Mocha did not attack him again. He reached his head out and started to lick my wounds. 
It was my fault he had gotten caught. As he tried to save me, one of the guards crept up behind him and fired his tranquilizer gun into Mocha’s back. The dart hit just above the creature’s shoulder blades. The animal weakened, stumbled around, and finally fell down. 
The crowd, which had begun to trample each other, had stopped fleeing. It took some time for the teachers to calm the other children. One of the guards couldn’t even be found for a while. He hid, trembling behind one of the maintenance sheds. 
I remember the guard who saved my life ended up getting a medal for it, even though he’d cowardly hid behind me
They lifted me up and carried me off immediately to the infirmary. 
The faculty rounded up the missing children and sent them back into the dorms. 
 It took six guards to lift the sleeping lion. Professor Rouscher began shouting profanities at them. He particularly emphasized their incompetence for allowing the beast to escape in the first place.
“You have scared the children! And threatened the Furher’s son’s life!” he shouted at them.
After several minutes, Professor Rouscher, the guards, and the sedated lion disappeared into the depths of the school. 
As they carried me off into the infirmary, I remembered staring down at the corpse of the headless guard. We passed close enough to smell the blood. There was something else. There was the smell of seared flesh. It was faint, but it was there. As we neared the double doors, I saw that the claws had severed the head and left a straight gash. The lion’s attack was so fast that the slash had partly seared the torn skin. 
“Peter, hold on. We are going to get you fixed up,” one of the professors who followed us said.
Before we entered the infirmary, I blacked out, leaving my surroundings and the bleeding bodies that covered the white canvas of snow with black blood. For some reason, the color red was black for me, and I could still not remember why.
65
I spent weeks in a hospital bed. All I have is blurred images of that period of time. I remember it felt like days, but it was weeks. 
“Peter? Peter?” my doctor said. I awoke to see him staring down at me with a nurse standing behind him. 
“Peter can you hear me?” he asked.
“Yes, doctor,” I said.
“Good. I hoped you would recover nicely.”
“I feel sleepy,” I said.
“That is the medication. Listen, you have four, deep scars across your chest and abdomen.  I sewed them all shut, but you are going to have some long scars,” he said.
“We need you to just lie here in bed. Okay, Peter?” the nurse asked.
“What about Mocha?” I asked.
“Mocha?” he asked, confused.
“The lion. Where is he?”
“They took the lion. I have no idea where, but he is here on campus. We hear him roaring at night,” the doctor said. “Some nights, he roars something fierce."
He is still alive, I thought. Still alive.
66
Nearly two months had passed since the day the soldiers brought the lion to the academy; I could not imagine what they were going to do with an African black-mane lion in an elite boarding school in the middle of the cold mountains. 
I was told whatever the special project Professor Rouscher was planning had been postponed until I recovered. He visited me a couple of times while I drifted in and out of consciousness. I guess we spoke, but I don’t recall much. 
After I was completely recuperated, the day came when the professor was going to incorporate us into his special presentation on torture and interrogation techniques.
As an extra security measure the entire guard staff was called to duty that day. The compound was locked up like a small fortress. It was impenetrable on all sides. 
The rugged mountain slope covered the western side; a snowy peak lay to the east, and no less than six armed sentries stood guard at the southern entrance. 
Each carried a MP38 machine gun. It was a close-to-medium range weapon with an extended magazine. The SS guards preferred it because of its light weight and intimidation factor. It was good at scaring off unwanted visitors who stopped at the front gates from time to time. 
The year before, a group of British tourists traveled through and stopped at the gate to ask for directions. None of the guards spoke English, and somehow the whole thing escalated into an incident. So they shot the tourists while they were still in their car. It was the administration’s decision to burn the car and the remains of the passengers. No one ever came looking for them. Officials from the British embassy just assumed they’d gotten lost in the mountains and froze to death. 
Today, the number of guards posted around the gate was depleted due to the presence of the lion. Instead of there being six guards on duty near the gate, there were only four. Two extra guards were assigned to monitor the lion. He was caged throughout the night. As the school slept, the lion’s roars were constant. Everyone heard him. I could only imagine what they were going to use him for. I guessed that Mocha was caged somewhere near the supply area of the school. I could not have been further from the truth. I found out later that Mocha was actually residing in one of the classrooms under the dorms.
Monday morning came. The sun was hotter than usual. The snow melted in places where it was less thick—ledges, rooftops, handrails, and some of the walkways. I walked alone. I did not have many friends. Although everyone pretended to like me, they only did so because their parents made them. They were only nice to me because they thought Hitler was my father like I did at that time. 
For me, the typical day involved the same routine set of classes. First at 7 a.m. I went to physical class. We ran, lifted weights, or trained in hand-to-hand combat. We learned close-quarter combat, knife combat, and the quickest ways to kill. 
Then the class shifted to a new subject every two hours. At 9, we had social science. This was where we studied the general points of politics, German politics mostly. However, we did dabble in the theories of communism, capitalism and Leninism. 
At 11 we met in a seminar on the strategies of warfare. We broke for lunch at 1 and returned at 2 when we had two one-hour courses. The first was art history; it excluded or cursed all art that was not pro-German, pro-Nazi, or even anti-Semitic. 
My art history teacher had spent most of this semester trying to uncover the Jewish secrets locked in Da Vinci’s paintings. He said there was evidence that Leonardo da Vinci was part Jewish on his mother’s side. 
After art we studied grammar and foreign language. I excelled at all fields of study. I had to. In particular, I performed with excellence in warfare, art, and most surprisingly, combat. Of course, I did not let on that I could draw and paint. It was not hard to hide my talents since we did not spend a lot of time being creative, only learning.
One day, we had a single class in the morning. It was the special presentation that we had heard about for months. It was given by the headmaster, Professor Rouscher. The seminar was on interrogation and prisoners of war; the title kept changing.
I was nervous about it. The evening before I’d dreamed about the night when my father had killed the Frenchman in the basement. It haunted me like a lingering nightmare. 
I could see myself standing in that dark basement in the presence of Hitler and Beowulf. I remembered that they tortured the Frenchman so brutally. Hitler explained to me later that the torture was justified and necessary. He convinced me it was a part of his job. And someday it would be a part of my job.
Two guards stood outside the double doors that led down a corridor to the entrance of the crowded auditorium. They waved at me as I passed by.
Inside the auditorium, I saw my classmates. They were scattered all over the room. Many of them were seated. Some of them turned around in their seats so they could talk to the boys sitting behind them. 
The auditorium was full of students. I sat in the back. Rouscher stood tall on stage, towering over the student body. He leered at me over the rest of the students. It was as though he were waiting to call on me to take part in his demonstration, as though he expected great things from me. 
“All right, students. Let’s come to order,” a stern voice said over the loudspeaker. 
I looked up at the stage. Dr. Rouscher stood dead center. Behind him was a large shroud of darkness. It covered the whole upper area of the stage. It was particularly dark directly behind him. I could make out the edges of something in the darkness. It looked like a giant box.
I could faintly see shapes moving about on the sides of the stage. I could tell there were guards waiting in the wings. I could barely see the outline of the curtain. It was not fully drawn. It stopped on both sides of some oversized object––the box. It took up a large portion of upstage center.
It must be a crate, I thought.
“Now students,” Rouscher said. “I have a very special exercise for you today, and one of you is going to play a very important role. We are going to discuss interrogation. More specifically, we are going to discuss the methods of interrogation.”
The professor looked around the room. His gaze searched over the students until he finally settled on one, me. 
“Peter Hitler, why don’t you come up here for a moment?” the professor said.
I reluctantly stood up and trembled nervously as I looked around the room. All of the other students gaped at me. 
“Peter, why don’t you come up here and stand next to me,” the professor said while motioning for me––Hitler’s protégé––to join him in front of everyone.
Grudgingly, I moved down the aisle and the row to the bottom of the stage. I looked for the steps that led up and found them on the left side. I made my way up onto the stage.
“Now, everyone, Peter is going to participate in our special seminar. We are going to discuss and observe the means of extracting information from a prisoner.”
“Torture?” someone from the audience asked.
“Yes, that is what some call it. Now, Peter, come here and stand beside me,” Professor Rouscher said.
I walked to dead center stage to stand next to the headmaster. A terrifying feeling came over me. It was difficult to stop shivering with each step I took.  
The professor put his arm around me. “Don’t worry, Peter. It is only natural you feel fear, compassion, terror, and even helplessness. You should feel those things. They are all signs of humanity,” he said, while staring down at me. He raised his head and stared at the entire student body. Sounds began to shudder from the darkest part of the stage. The sounds were deep growling noises. Something was there, but I was not sure what, not at first. 
In the forefront of my mind, I feared what it might be. I feared it was Mocha, but the noises I heard sounded nothing like a powerful, majestic beast like Mocha. They were deep but weak. 
“Despite what our military leaders say, despite what our governments say, the best soldiers in the world, that is the deadliest ones, are the ones who feel the most. Leaders are not born from the passionless. The most deadly ideas come from the most impassioned among us. 
“Peter is a natural-born leader because the passion radiates from him. Besides being from the Führer’s seed, you can tell that there is rage in him. You can see there is leadership in him. 
“The fear you are feeling, Peter, is your strength. One day that fear will turn to hatred and later passion,” Rouscher said. He signaled to one of the soldiers who lingered in the wings. 
The guard followed the professor’s command and walked to us. He disappeared for a moment into the darkness upstage behind us. A scuffling sound came from the shadows. Then he returned into the light. Only now he was dragging a thick, black chain. He latched the end of it onto a metal clamp on the floor. 
“Okay, release him,” Rouscher said. 
The guard returned to the darkness. A sound of scraping metal followed. It was the sound of a metal cage door retracting.
The black-maned lion charged out of the darkness. The length of chain ran out, and the animal stopped abruptly a few paces from me. He chomped his teeth repeatedly and roared. The chain held him, but he was visibly strained. The lion pulled and struggled to reach me but could not. 
Mocha, what have they done to you? I thought.
He was different. He looked underfed and barbarically abused. His fur had multiple dark stains on it, like bludgeoning marks and scars from callous lashings. I’m not even sure he recognized me.
Some of the children in the audience shifted in their seats. They became uneasy, even panicked. Some even leapt out of their chairs and onto their feet. The professor waved his hands in the air in order to calm them. 
“Students, don’t worry. The beast is perfectly restrained,” he said. Then he turned to me. “Peter, one of the first things you have to learn about your enemy is that he will do anything to kill you. It is either you or him. A lion, like an enemy, seems scary, but actually he is more afraid of you. Now take this and torture your prisoner.” 
Slowly, I turned away from Mocha and saw that the professor was holding a large iron bar. 
“No,” I shook my head in passionate protest.
“Yes, Peter. Now take it,” Professor Rouscher insisted.
“No,” I said.
“Peter, you don’t want me to send a message to your father saying you couldn’t complete a simple assignment, do you?” 
“No, but you can’t make me do this. I can’t. He’s just afraid. That’s what you said. You said he was just afraid of us. I can’t hurt him for that. This lion belongs in the wild, not here.”
“Peter, he was captured for this purpose,” Rouscher said.
“He is not meant to be tortured. Besides, he can’t talk. So what good will torturing him bring? What will it accomplish?”
Rouscher became frustrated. He had never known me to be insubordinate before. He grabbed my arm and yelled at me.
“If the roles were reversed, and you were chained to that floor, that lion would tear you to shreds,” Rouscher said. He grabbed my hand and forced my fingers to grip the bar. “Now hit him with it.”
“No. I won’t.” I refused.
“Yes!” Rouscher forced me to face the creature with the bar raised in my hand. The lion snapped its jaws as it stretched out to me.
“No. I can’t.” I struggled with Rouscher.
“YES! HIT HIM! DO IT! HIT HIM!” Rouscher shouted.
Rouscher pushed me closer to the beast. It lunged and almost tore off my hand. Mocha didn’t recognize me. 
“Mocha, what have they done to you?” I whispered.
I was forced closer still. I did not want to look, so I shut my eyes tight. Rouscher continued to push me toward the lion. I could hear the students in the audience as they joined in and cheered me on, urging me to hit the lion. The beast lunged out once more at me. Its hot breath cut through the air and hit my outstretched hand. 
Rouscher kept taunting me, pushing me. I didn’t know what to do. I didn't know what to think. So without thinking, without hesitation, even against my own desires, I swung the iron bar against the lion’s head. The creature retreated a few meters.
“Again! Do it again!” Professor Rouscher ordered.
With tears streaming down my face, I raised the bar again, and with a heart filled with regret, I struck Mocha across the head. I raised it again and repeated. I hit him continuously. Blood covered the bar and ran down his face. The animal could no longer see because blood covered his eyes. 
The lion stopped roaring. I beat him with the bar until the creature completely stopped moving.
The sounds around me had become muted. I was lost in a blinding rage. 
“That’s enough, Peter! Peter, stop!” Rouscher shouted at me. He grabbed me and tried to restrain me, but I fought free. 
I kept hammering at the lion’s head. Blood splattered across the hard stage floor. I battered away until I lost the power to lift my arm. 
After I had nearly beaten the lion to death, I looked up at the professor. Distressed, he stood above me with a blank stare in his eyes. He did not know what to say. He was shocked. I looked around at the other students. My hair was normally slicked back, but now the longest strands in the front fell across my face, like my father’s. I dropped the iron bar and stepped back from the pools of blood and my dying friend, my lion. 
“Peter?” Professor Rouscher said.
I did not hear him. Never raising my head, I began to walk away from the stage. Before I stepped onto the staircase, Mocha let out a dying growl. Another followed it. 
The sounds resonated in my ears. It was the only thing I heard. The vibration from the dying roar shook my skull, echoing inside my head. I turned back to the lion that had once been my friend. I watched as the creature’s head flopped against the floor. It looked in my direction. Only one of its eyes was working. The other was mashed shut.
I’m not sure, but I think in the last moment of life, Mocha finally recognized me.
I had betrayed my only friend. 
No longer did I have to worry about nightmares of the Frenchman. Now the black lion haunted me.
67
Months later, I was on vacation with my father. We rested on a pristine beach in South Italy. Father had arranged for us to travel with as much secrecy as he was able to afford in those days. 
The day was hot and sunny, but a nice breeze brushed over our rocky beach. The Mediterranean was a bright blue. It was extraordinary how beautiful the water was. It was so clear I could see dozens of colorful, radiant fish.
I stood near the shoreline with my toes buried in the sand. A large starfish washed up near me. 
“That’s a starfish, son,” Hitler said. He stood behind me. There were guards several meters behind us, but the beach was relatively clear. 
I said nothing to him. I was furious. I couldn’t stop thinking of Mocha.
Hitler grinned at me and then looked out over the water.
“Peter,” he said.
I remained quiet. 
“We can just sit here,” he said calmly.
68
Later that night, I was restless in bed. I dreamed of the black lion I had loved so much. 
Unable to stand it anymore, I got out of bed and sat near candlelight. I used candles because I didn’t want to get caught working on a painting I kept hidden from Hitler.
This would be the night I finished it. That night, I worked diligently on the painting––The Secret of Lions. Before I knew it, the night had passed, and it was morning. I had stayed up the entire night. I didn’t want to sleep. I didn’t want to dream of the lion. I didn’t want to dream of my mother.
“What the hell are you doing?” Hitler shouted from my doorway. I have no idea how long he had been standing in it, but it was long enough to see me painting, against his wishes, against his express orders.
“I'm painting. That’s right, Father. I've been painting for months,” I said defiantly.
“Son, you don’t defy me! No one defies me! I am your father! I am your Fuhrer!” he shouted.
“You are nothing to me!” I shouted back. 
Hitler practically leapt over to me from the doorway. He grabbed the canvas from my easel and held it up high with both hands. He stared at it for a long moment. I saw a single tear come down his face. I knew better than to assume it was a sign of compassion. He was enraged at my disobedience.
“How dare you defy me! This painting is in reverence to your enemy!” he shouted.
“My enemy? That lion I murdered was Mocha. It was my lion. You knew that. Didn’t you? Didn’t you? You sent him there on purpose! You want me to forget him? You want me to forget that Mother took me to see him!” I said, suddenly realizing what his true intentions had been.
Hitler flung the painting to the ground. I ran toward it, but before I could reach it, he punched me directly in the nose. Disoriented, I stumbled backward.
I covered my sore nose with my hand. A stream of blood ran from it. I didn't think it was broken, but it hurt like hell.
“You are to forget your mother; she killed herself. Remember? She never loved us. She never loved you. She left us. We are alone. No more lions and no more paintings. Only Germany matters. Only I matter,” he said.
 Later on that day, Hitler was speaking to one of his public advisors. He told him he didn't want Germans reading books that were not pro-Aryan. And he didn't want them to be plagued by art that wasn’t state approved. It was because of my painting that the Nazis burned books and torched paintings. 
It was my fault, my fault that my mother killed herself. That was what he wanted me to think. And over the next couple of years, he brainwashed me into believing it. 
For years, I thought she’d killed herself because of me.
Chapter Eight
In the Forest of the Night
Warsaw, 1939
69
It was October, and the winter had begun to show its snowy presence. The winds picked up on Europe’s eastern front. Hitler, the German army, and I were together in the Polish city of Warsaw. That fall, I’d turned fifteen. I almost completely believed I was a full-blooded Aryan. Hitler had convinced me I was his only son and that my name truly was Peter Hitler and not Willem Kessler. 
The truth was locked in my memory. And I trusted every word Hitler told me. I learned every lesson. I had become his replica. I was buried deep within my false identity.
Anna and I were engaged. Only her close relatives and Hitler knew. His Italian friend, Anna’s father, suggested that the two of us should be married. And since we were close already, it did not bother either of us. I suspected that one day I would marry her. Even though I didn't love her, not truly, not in the sense of the word as I have come to understand it. At the time I was convinced it was a good match. In many ways, I wanted to marry Anna. No, Peter Hitler wanted to.
Hitler stood with his staff of SS guards, soldiers, and fellow politicians. They overlooked the remains of the Polish city. The city was ours. We had conquered it.
In terms of defeat, the citizens were much harder to control than Hitler’s generals had predicted. Still some rebel factions were spread out among the Polish communities. 
Hitler’s Germany had stunned the world only a month and a half earlier when they’d formed an agreement with Russia. The two countries agreed not to go to war with each other. This mandated Hitler’s plan to invade Poland. With no threat of Russian retaliation, Germany could begin conquering its neighbors and enemies. We were not afraid of anyone standing in our way.
Nightfall was near, and I could not wait. I was going to see Anna. We had agreed to walk the city that night and drink a bottle of wine she had stolen from her father’s cabinet. It was a 1901 bottle from a winery in Italy I had never heard of before. I was excited to see her. 
At that moment, I stood near a journalist who was snapping pictures of Hitler. The Führer stood with a pair of binoculars looking out over a horizon filled with buildings and crowded streets. 
There was no truth in what he was doing. He was merely playing to the camera. It was to show the German people that our Führer was leading us to victory. It was the game of politics. A published photograph of Hitler leading our military to victory would make him look strong. 
I looked out over the landscape and felt the urge to paint. I had not painted in two years. My father had instructed me to give up painting. He never said why. But I suspected that painting was unbecoming of a soldier. 
I could remember a time when my father had encouraged my painting, but that stopped early on. It was some time near my mother’s death, which at the time I remembered as a suicide. The horrible truth of it was easy for Hitler to suppress in my youthful mind.
After I stopped painting, I was expected to take up more governmental studies. I still drew and painted in secret. Hitler said that painting was a great gift, but I had more important things to concentrate on. 
“Peter, you return to the encampment,” Hitler said. He handed the binoculars to a soldier standing next to him and disappeared into the crowd of spectators and Nazis. He shook hands as he walked away. 
I looked down at the ground for a moment. My shoes sank into the Polish soil. The Nazi army had fortified its control over Poland. Hitler had committed the military to the permanent occupation of Poland. A breeze swept around me and I watched as particles of dirt wafted between my legs. Everything seemed heavy to me. All of my thoughts, feelings, and worries weighed heavy on my shoulders. I did not fully understand my surroundings. 
I turned and made my way back to the encampment. I went into a building that used to be the capital building in Warsaw. This building had become Hitler’s personal home for our stay in the city. His SS police arrested the local mayor and most of his staff. If there was a government official with an office inside the federal building, it was confiscated, and he was arrested. Sometimes they were shot in the street. Anyone who resisted was shot, no questions asked.
Inside, the guards immediately recognized and saluted me as they would a higher-ranking officer. I shared the rank of an officer. It was my birthright. The Führer did not bestow an official title on me, but the guards referred to me as Sohn des Kanzlers. This meant “son of the Chancellor.” 
I walked past them without acknowledging them. I walked up the stairs and turned into the room Hitler had set aside for me to sleep in. Anna was down the hall under the guard of two SS police officers. Her access was limited at the request of her father. She was allowed to go outside as long as she was escorted. That night I would have to escort her out. For now, she slept.
70
Nightfall shadowed over Warsaw. Outside the window, a fog crept up to the sill of my room. The fog was tall enough to make it up to the second floor of the federal building. I opened my eyes and squinted in the shadowy darkness. I sat up and furrowed my eyebrows. I yawned and stretched my arms. I got up and closed the window. 
One hour remained until midnight. Most of the officers slept on cots. Others slept in neighboring buildings. They were used to sleeping through heavy gunfire, including artillery. No matter how much I endured, I could never sleep through the sounds of gunfire. The noise made me uneasy. Even though most of the army was asleep and the largest resistance had been over for hours, shots still echoed throughout the city. The Todesgruppen, or death squads, were still out rounding up Jews. 
Tomorrow the infantry was scheduled to finish putting up the brick wall in the city’s ghettos to quarantine the Jewish population. Some of the wall was already up, yet much of it was still under construction.
Tonight Anna and I would walk the streets and watch the cleansing of the city. 
I got dressed and opened the door. I entered the hallway and noticed the number of guards that were posted had depreciated since I’d gone to bed. 
I made my way to Anna’s door. A single guard remained at his post, standing outside her room. He saluted me and allowed me access to her room. The guard was rather young. He was slightly older than me but not much.
I knocked. “Anna, are you awake?”
“Come in,” her voice sounded muffled through the door.
I entered. Anna was already dressed in a boy’s street garments. Her hair was tucked under a tattered cap. 
“What are you wearing?” I asked.
“This is so I blend in with the common people. You know there are still Jews and murderers out there who might like to take a stick to a girl’s head? Don’t you think that this way is safer?” Anna asked.
“No, you are right. I don’t know what to expect. I hope we don’t encounter any insurgents. My father said not to wander too far from the compound. And that was during the day. He said the rebels are violent and will kill us on sight.”
“I think we’ll be fine, Peter,” Anna said.
“Right,” I replied.
“Okay, let me get my coat,” Anna said. She grabbed a worn coat from the back of a chair and slipped it on. The two of us made our way out the door and down the stairs.
Near the front door to the capital building a guard was posted at a desk. This seemed unusual to me. I was used to seeing more than one guard at this post.
“Where are you two going, sir?” the guard asked. He stood and saluted me at the same time.
“We are going for a walk. We won’t go far. Just want to get a good, fresh breath of air,” I said. I placed my hands in the pockets of my trousers for a moment as I waited for a response from the guard.
The guard returned to his seat and scratched his head. Then he replied, “That should be fine, sir. I do ask that you be careful out there and try to stay near the compound. Also, it’s a good idea if you two stay clear of the north part of Warsaw.”
“Why that part?” Anna asked.
“There are insurgents there. They’ll kill you. Our soldiers will be fighting with them throughout the night. They have become restless and emboldened ever since news of the Führer’s departure spread outside these walls.
“Father is gone?” I asked.
“Yes, he had to leave for the night, but he will return for you in two days’ time. They left by train earlier tonight. I’m sure it was urgent or he would have told you.”
My eyes focused on the guard’s desk for a moment. It was the first time, excluding when I was in school, my father had left me alone.
“Well, thanks,” Anna said. She turned and began to pull me out the front door. She was ready to take the wine bottle out from under her coat. It was bulky and uncomfortable to continue holding it there.
“Wait,” the guard called out behind us.
I turned slightly and made eye contact with him. 
“Take this with you, just to be safe,” he said and pulled a Colt 1911 pistol from the desk drawer. 
I looked at Anna for a moment and then picked up the gun. I looked at the guard and said, “This is an American pistol.”
“Yes, I found it on one of the police officers we shot on the way in. It’s American, but they make good weapons. You should take it with you for protection. There are only seven rounds in the clip, so if you need to use it, do so sparingly.” 
I pocketed the gun inside my coat and followed Anna out of the building. We walked along the streets. The city was structured like a giant skeleton. It had living systems that acted like organs. 
The bombed and destroyed structures were the bones. They jutted out of what was once a great living city. And now it was just an open wound. The Nazis had invaded Warsaw. Like a parasite, the Nazi army became the mechanism which controlled the living functions of the city. 
The residents of the city who remained did not want us there, and I knew it. Yet my father would say differently. He would argue with me privately that the Aryan Polish were secretly grateful. 
“Finally, the Germans have come to clean us of our Jewish problem,” he had said. “Finally, our prayers are answered. We can return to the fatherland.”
“Where do you want to go, Anna?” I asked.
“Let’s go to the north side of town,” she replied. 
“I don’t know,” I said. “That side of town is forbidden. You heard what the guard told us.”
She took me by the arm. “Come on. It’ll be fun.”
I deliberated for a moment.
“Please, Peter? It’ll be more interesting than staying on the safe side. Besides how am I ever going to understand politics if I never get to see a menacing Jew for myself?”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Well, I’ve never actually seen a Jew. I mean I may have seen them on the street, but I didn’t know it for sure. My father keeps me sheltered. This is the first time that he’s ever let me travel with any other family. He trusts that I’m safe with your father. Besides, I heard that the Polish Jew is one of the most despicable. Have you ever seen one?” she asked.
“Well, to be honest, I’m not sure that I have ever seen a Jew. My father has never allowed any near us,” I said. 
“Don’t you want to see one? We can see how bad they are. My father says they smell,” Anna said.
“I guess,” I responded.
I followed Anna down the street and into the depths of Warsaw. We walked for thirty minutes before we reached the restricted part of town. We had to hide in a doorway at one point because a couple of Nazi soldiers walked down a neighboring street. I thought that it would be best if we were not discovered by anyone. 
“Peter, look,” Anna said. She pointed at a brick wall that blocked the passage to the rest of the street. The main street we traveled on was sharply curtailed because of this wall.
The wall was new. I recognized the bricks were newly laid out, unscarred by wind or erosion. I walked up to the newly built wall and pressed against it for a moment. I knew Anna did not understand what I was doing, but I felt drawn to the wall. 
The purpose of the wall was to separate the rest of the town from the Jews who lived on the other side. I stepped back and stared at the buildings on the opposite side; they towered over the eight-foot wall. The buildings appeared to have been in good working order a few days ago, but now they were shells of their former selves. 
Large holes riddled the sides of the buildings. The once wealthy side of Warsaw was now the ghetto. The Jewish side of town had been nicer than the rest of the town. My father once told me that Jews leeched off the good Christians of Europe and controlled everything. They enjoyed their wealth while the rest of the people strived to get by. The Jew was the weak race, and it had control over the stronger Aryan race.
“How are we going to get over this wall?” Anna asked.
I looked around and noticed a fire escape that protruded out over the wall from the second floor off of a building on our side. I pointed up at it and said, “That’s how we’ll get over it.”
I took Anna by the hand and led her toward the doorway of the building. As we neared the front door, we realized the door was already open. The lock was already shattered from gunfire. Wood and metal splintered out across the entrance. I was careful not to make any sounds as we walked into the dimly lit foyer. 
Light fixtures were spread out across the inside of the lobby. Many of them were broken. Pieces of glass from shattered bulbs littered the hardwood floor. My eyes focused on the shadows. I did not want to run into the insurgents. The building appeared to be completely abandoned. It was silent except for the creaking floorboards. Old, dried blood splatter stained the walls of the main corridor. 
An old man lay dead in the doorway of his apartment. I focused on the splinters of a broken broom handle that lay near the corpse’s head. 
“He was bludgeoned to death,” I said, pointing at the corpse. Anna looked at me intensely. She had never seen a dead body before. After what I’d witnessed in that basement all those years before, I was no longer afraid of violence or death. I had seen it.
“Let’s keep going,” I said, ushering her along.
We walked up the stairs. Blood-stained carpet lined the halls and the rooms of the second floor. And there was an odor. It was awful. Anna, especially, felt unsettled. 
“There is so much blood, but where are the other bodies?” she asked.
“I don’t know. Are you sure you want to keep going?”
“Yes,” she said. “I don’t care about the Jews any more than you do.”
“Okay,” I replied.
I led the way to an open apartment. The inside was cluttered. Fragmented furniture pieces leaned against the walls. A dark-colored couch was dissected into two pieces. One half was in the center of the living room. The other half dangled out the window. It was tangled in the frame of a shattered window. Broken glass covered the top of it. 
“What could have broken that couch in half?” Anna asked. 
“I’m not sure,” I replied, lying. I knew exactly what could have done such a thing. I had heard rumors during my travels with Hitler. The rumors were about a division of the SS police that specialized in clean up and death. 
They were called the “Todesgruppen” or “death squads.” They were deployed only after the planes had finished bombing their targets and the soldiers had finished sweeping through the urban areas. The Todesgruppen were an elite group of killers that cleaned up after the initial infantry raids were complete. 
The Todesgruppen possessed specialized weapons, such as shotguns, flamethrowers, and even chainsaws. They were twisted Nazis who slaughtered any Jews left alive in the target zone. 
I hoped we did not see them. Although I was not unsettled by violence, I was unsettled at the type of men they were. 
I smiled at Anna and urged her to the edge of the couch—at least that half. I looked out beyond it. Hardly any glass remained attached to the window. Most of it was on the top half of the couch or out on the street below. I grabbed the arm of the couch and pushed. 
It would not budge, at first. I tried kicking it, but it was wedged tightly in the window’s frame. I stepped back a few meters and cleared Anna from my path. With all of my force, I charged into the couch and shoved it out the window. It bounced out onto the balcony and fell over the side rail. 
Anna walked out through the broken window first. She waited for me. Together we stopped and peered up at the balcony over our heads. Hanging from the third floor balcony was a small boy’s shoe. A blood-stained shoelace dangled from the edge of a broken railing. The railing was bent completely outward. 
“It must have taken a lot of force to break the railing like that,” Anna said, ignoring the child’s shoe.
“Maybe there’s another couch on the street below. We’re not the only lusty teenagers out scouting around,” I said.
She laughed.
Despite the remains of the city and the symbols of death that surrounded us, we both wanted to have fun. Deep in my gut, I felt something was wrong. There was some kind of painful memory that fought to be remembered, but I couldn’t see it.
“Peter, are you all right?”
“Yes, I am fine. Let’s continue,” I answered.
“We can get over the wall now. The only problem is how are we going to get down to the street?” Anna asked.
“We have to drop down,” I said, scratching the adolescent stubble on my cheek. 
“I was afraid you might say that. How do we get back over the wall again once we return?”
“We will find a way. Unless you want to go back?” I asked.
“No, I want to see at least one living Jew tonight. I want to see the scum of the earth. How can we understand what our fathers stand for when you and I have never even seen a real Jew?” Anna asked.
It seemed like a valid point. I had never thought of it before. It was unusual for me to question any of my father’s politics. 
Anna brought out a side of me I hadn’t known. She made me more defiant, rebellious. So I agreed, and we climbed over the railing. One at a time, we fell onto the broken couch. I landed on it first. The cushions softened our landings. 
“That wasn’t too bad,” Anna said.
“No, it was easier than I thought it would be.” 
We heard a sound approaching, coming from the street ahead. An tin can rolled down the sidewalk toward us. I listened as the wind blew and echoed between the alleyways. I grabbed Anna’s hand. “That is where we should go,” I said, pointing upwind. I led her down the sidewalk. 
Warsaw’s north side was in worse shape than the rest of the city by far. The north side used to be a luxurious district. 
But now buildings were torn in half; the bones of the former apartments protruded out over the rumbled remains. The concrete on the road was broken up and uneven due to the German bombardment. 
A strange gaseous scent filled the air. I recognized it immediately. The Nazis only bombed some of the Jewish communities. The real purpose of this was to test out the artillery. It was not meant to cripple the armed forces of Poland. The Polish army was a joke compared to their German neighbors. So of course the Germans defeated them very quickly.
“What is that smell?” Anna asked. We turned the corner, and she knew without my response. It was the smell of fire and ash.
Fire burned over several buildings ahead of us. Some small, nearly dead fires still exhaled lumps of gray smoke. The largest of the fires roared in the center of the road about three blocks away. It was in the shape of a hill. The fire moved in only one direction: up. It climbed higher and higher into the sky. The peak of the fire was lost in a large black cloud of soot and ash.
Anna was curious. She had never seen anything like it before. And in a strange way, it was beautiful. Her father had kept her far from any of the images of war. Living her whole life in luxury, violence was a stranger to her. She had always stayed far away from fire. Now she stood meters from it. She was awed in the presence of it.
“Let’s keep going,” she said jubilantly.
“Okay,” I said. I felt the Colt 1911 pressed against my side. “Do you still have your father’s wine?”
“Yes, I put it back inside my coat pocket when we dropped to the couch.”
“It didn’t break?” I asked.
“No, it stayed intact,” she answered.
“Good. Are you ready to drink it?”
“Yes,” she responded.
“Let’s find a good place first and then we’ll open it,” I said.
“Okay,” Anna responded. She held out her hand and I took it.
71
Hitler’s breath fogged up the car’s passenger window. He stared out impatiently. An entourage of SS guards surrounded his limo. They drove in black cars with two motorcyclists trailing alongside. MP38 machine guns attached to leather straps hung from the shoulders of the motorcyclists. 
His entourage generally was much larger, but tonight he did not want to attract attention to himself. He did not want anyone to know where he was going. It was not a public matter, but a personal one. 
The memories that took place inside the little lake house did not belong to the state; they belonged to Hitler, Gracy, and me. The crimes that happened under the large oaks, beyond the bleached-white porch swing, and inside the structure of a once beautiful lake house belonged in the reflections of young Willem Kessler, the son he stole. 
They drove most of the night until they finally arrived. Down a long dirt road and under the old trees—Hitler would never forget—they drove toward the house in front of the barren, serene lake. The driver peered back at him through the rearview mirror as the Führer’s breathing became irregular. The driver did not dare to speak. He feared Hitler as much as he respected him. Hitler hardly ever sat in the back of the car alone. This was the first time that the driver had ever noticed it. 
The lake house was untouched and barren, as Hitler had demanded. 
The cars stopped in the driveway. Pebbles flew out from under the tires. Some landed on the porch; the rest disappeared into the grass around the faded green staircase. A few pebbles landed near the bottom of a rain gutter that came down from the roof. 
Water dripped out the bottom of the drain and merged into a small puddle on the ground. The grass around the lake house was still damp from the previous night’s rain. The house had been deserted for the last ten years. Once, Heinrik and Gracy dreamed of owning it and raising their son in it. Instead, I was raised there by an imposter.
The Kessler’s dream house was haunted by their undead memories. And even though Heinrik Kessler had never set foot in the house, never slept next to his own wife in it, his memories haunted it. 
Heinrik Kessler’s ghost haunted Hitler as well. For years, Hitler had submerged any guilt he felt about Heinrik and Gracy. He felt stronger and stronger about me, but as I grew older, I grew to look more and more like my real father, reminding Hitler of his malevolent deeds. 
Hitler continued to stare out the car window. He leaned his forehead against it, his eyes slowly dropping to look at the ground next to the car. He watched as a brisk breeze blew through the long blades of grass all across the front yard.
“Wait here,” Hitler said to the driver. He opened the door and stepped out.
The SS guards stood behind his car near the trees. One guard parked his motorcycle and followed Hitler up to the house. The tips of his trench coat drug across the ground as he walked to the porch. He went in before Hitler with his machine gun at the ready. He entered the house and checked the downstairs rooms to be sure they were safe for the Führer to enter. 
Hitler remained in the open doorway. The other SS guards left the cars and walked around the perimeter of the house. They set up positions on every corner of the house, shielding the Führer from any potential ambushes. After securing the upper floors, the motorcycle guard returned to the porch. 
“No one enters,” Hitler said to him. 
The Führer walked into the darkness of the inner hallway. For nearly ten years, he had not set foot into that house. It was only in his dreams that he’d reentered the memories of that house. 
Returning was a living nightmare. He never thought he would regret killing a Jew and her husband. After all, Heinrik was not the closest friend he had ever had. His fondest friend was August Kubizek from his childhood. There was only one person he loved so much it made him feel regret for killing a Jew. The only person who could make the guilt of killing Gracy and Heinrik unbearable was me.     
“I remember,” Hitler whispered. 
A table near the opening to the living room was set up with family photos. A picture of Gracy, pregnant with me, was placed in front of the others. After Gracy’s death, which he told his staff was a suicide, Hitler had all of her possessions placed throughout the house as if she were still living there happily. The dream house of Heinrik and Gracy was no more; the lake house was now a memorial to them. 
A diagram of the Kessler family tree was also laid out. At the bottom were grandparents, the parents of both Gracy and Heinrik. Almost the entire Kessler family was completely obliterated. Only one person remained alive: me. 
Hitler swallowed hard thinking about what he had done to the only son he had ever known. He ignored the velvety  cobwebs that connected each picture frame to the other. It was like staring at the Kessler’s dead family tree—branch after withered branch. 
Nightingale floors creaked under the weight of each step Hitler made. He walked near the spot in the front hall where he’d first noticed the creaking and he instantly remembered it. Bypassing the living room, Hitler went straight through the kitchen and into the dining room. In his mind, he placed the Kessler family throughout the house, moving, living a normal life. He saw their ghosts.
Gracy sat with her back to the fireplace and Heinrik sat at the head of the table next to an empty chair. Hitler wandered to the chair. He pulled it out of its resting place. The legs of the chair scraped the floorboards. The sound echoed and then vanished among the dusty, high ceiling beams. 
Hitler sat. He leaned back and stared into the darkness of the kitchen doorway. His back was now to the fireplace, just as Gracy had been sitting in his vision. Lights streamed in through the blinds of the kitchen window. He could hear the creaking of one of the guards patrolling on the front porch. A flashlight beam filtered in through the drawn blinds. It faintly lit the dining room. 
“Heinrik?” Hitler said to the apparition. “I have raised Peter well. You would be proud of him. You would be very proud.”  
Hitler closed his eyes for a moment. As he opened them, the phantom of Gracy stood across from him. She was nothing but bone: no skin, no blood, no hair, just bone. 
And yet he knew that it was her. Her bones saturated his thoughts. She said nothing. She simply stared at him with lifeless eyes. 
“Gracy,” Hitler said. “Peter is turning into such a fine man. He is engaged now. You would approve. She is good breeding material.”
The phantom cocked its head. Heinrik looked over at Hitler. Both specters were silent.
“Damn it! Heinrik, say something! Say something!” Hitler screamed into the empty room. For the first time in ten years, he felt complete shame and spoke the name he’d tried so desperately to forget. 
“I’m sorry, Willem,” he said. “I’m sorry,” he repeated over and over again. 
Chapter Nine
Fires Burn,
Fires Burn Out
Warsaw, 1939
 
72
Anna faced the entrance to the alley while I pissed. I looked over my shoulder to make sure she wasn’t watching. We’d drunk half the bottle of wine already. And we felt the effects.
“I’m sorry. I’m a little drunk. I probably should have told you this, but I’ve never had alcohol before,” I said.
“I thought you said that you’ve tried wine before,” Anna said.
“I lied. I was trying to impress you,” I admitted.
“I already figured that you were not being honest about that. Luckily for you, I’ve had a little more experience,” she said.
I smiled and zipped up my trousers. I turned around to find that she was no longer in the entrance to the alley, but she was somewhere down the street.
“Anna?” I said. I called her name again before sticking my head out from behind the alley wall.
She was standing in an open doorway to a once luxurious apartment building across the street. Her eyes were filled with lust. She beckoned me to join her.
I ran my hands through my cropped blond hair. Then I followed her into the apartment. Inside she waited for me near a nice sofa. 
The apartment floors were hardwood. Some of the edges of the room were scorched from the fires, but for the most part it was still a nice room.  
I drew near her. She pulled me into her. A strong, enticing scent came from her body. Her lips glistened from the light of the fires that burned in the buildings across the street. We kissed. My tongue slid inside the wet caverns of her mouth. My hands shook a little as I reached out to grab her upper leg. She cocked her head back slightly and put her mouth to my ear and nibbled on it.
I heard the jawbones in my head make a slight cracking sound in sync with the movement of my mouth. Then I heard her breathing in my ear. It was heavy at first.
“I want you inside me,” she whispered. 
73
Hours later, I awoke face down on the sofa. Anna’s warm, supple body lay next to me. Her hand rested on the small of my back. I yawned. Darkness surrounded us. The fires had burned out long ago. 
The buildings across from us exhaled only smoke and ash. The empty wine bottle rolled gently down the hall on the hardwood floor. Wind blew through the shattered walls of the building with a faint whistle through the bottle's neck.  
I was still drunk. I stretched out. I felt Anna as she shifted behind me. She faced the other direction. My chest was covered with fresh claw marks. I peered down and slid the tips of my fingers along the marks she’d left on my chest. Anna had all of our clothes bundled over her. 
I stood up and rubbed my eyes. A chill blew along my spine like a cold breath from God. I shivered.
I looked out through an opening in the ceiling at the night sky and guessed it was well into night. 
Anna looked over at me. 
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Checking the time; we should head back now,” I said.
“Why? Wait, you can tell time by looking at the night sky?” she asked.
“From the stars actually. That was a part of my schooling. We need to head back because it’s late and my father will be looking for me if he discovers that we left. And if he finds us, we won’t be able to see each other again.”
“Okay, but isn’t he away or something?” she asked.
“Just to be safe, let’s return. I don’t think there’s anything else to see out here anyway. We’ve been here all night and seen a lot,” I said.
“Let me get my clothes on,” she said.
I was naked too. I didn’t even think about that. What if my father came looking for me and found me stark naked? 
“Peter, there is something that I want to say,” Anna announced.
“What is it?” I asked.
“I think that I love you,” Anna said. “I’ve wanted to say that for a long time.”
“You love me?” I asked.
She moved closer to me. She slipped on the last article of clothing. I felt her breath on the side of my face. The moment was sweet. It was perhaps the sweetest moment I can remember. 
“Aren’t you going to say it back to me?” she asked.
“You know I do,” I replied. But this was not the answer she wanted. I knew it. I felt it. Yet, she remained silent afterward, and we just sat together and watched the darkness through the bomb-made skylight.
 I stood tall, looking out over the buildings. The sky was brighter toward the east. I realized it might have been closer to morning than I’d originally thought.
“Anna, let’s get moving. The morning isn’t far away.”
She rose and we started the journey back to the federal building in Warsaw, back to my imposter life.  
74
As Anna and I approached the edges of the German-made wall, we noticed the sky became brighter and brighter. It was almost blood red. The ridged skyline was silhouetted with the ashes of burned buildings in the reddest part of the sky. I became suspicious of the faint orange color. Its aura signaled within me a warning, an internal alarm. 
“Wait, Anna,” I said. “I’m not sure that we should go this way. Something’s wrong.”
She followed me as we went through an open doorway. It led to the hallway of a building where half of the upper floors were blown out from the shelling that had occurred only days before.
“Where are we going?” Anna asked. 
“To look for a different route,” I said.
I took her to the back window of the first floor. We peered out and saw two Jewish girls. They were twins of about fifteen or sixteen. Long dark hair fell down their backs. They wore tattered clothing. They were covered from head to toe with milky, black soot. 
A result of the bombing, I thought. 
Anna turned and ran out of the building to the girls. 
“Wait!” I shouted and remained inside. 
“Come on; they are Jews, Peter. Let’s just talk with them,” she called back.
She proceeded out the back of the building and around the corner to the girls. I stayed inside and watched through the back window. The girls were beautiful. For some reason they were familiar. Some of their facial structures reminded me of someone, but I couldn’t perceive who it was. And for the first time, I wondered what it was that people found so wretched about them. 
I heard Anna’s voice coming from outside the window. “Get up, Jews. You poison our minds. You destroyed our lands. You are diseased. Now get up.”
I watched her. She started kicking one of the girls repeatedly. The other sister protested Anna’s kicking, but she was very weak and could barely move. A trail of blood ran out from under the motionless sister’s dress. It created a grotesque and crimson pathway to her thighs. 
Anna stopped kicking her when she saw the blood. She backed away slowly from the girl, horrified. I was also horrified. Within moments the girl’s dress and legs were soaked in blood.
“Peter! What is this? What did I do?” Anna shouted. Remorse and regret burned through her like a fiery explosion through a house. She had misunderstood. She had been raised to believe in hate. I think that it that single moment, she reversed all of her hate towards a group of people that she knew nothing about.
I turned and ran out of the building and around to the back toward them. Turning the corner, I came face to face with the girls. Anna had thrown her hands up to cover her eyes. She stood directly in my line of sight. Beyond her body’s outline, I could only see the girl’s legs and the pool of blood underneath them. 
The walk toward the twins took on a kind of slow motion. My heart pounded. It muffled my hearing. It was the same as a wartime experience: Sounds are so intense that soldiers temporarily lose their hearing. I had learned about it under the tutorship of some of Germany’s finest military instructors; suddenly my mind flashed back to a memory from long ago, a memory of school life.
I remembered torturing my lion, Mocha. I remembered how horrible it felt to destroy the creature I was forever linked to. 
75
The wind carried the smell of burning cinders. Anna covered her mouth. She wanted to scream. I realized I was lost in the memory of the lion. I shook off the memory of the lion and returned to her side. 
“Oh, God!” she exclaimed. She was horror-struck. Never in her life had she experienced terror.
One twin was dead, or close to it. I was not completely sure. Blood covered her legs. As I approached from behind Anna, I realized what had happened to the twin. At first, I thought someone had raped her, and perhaps they had, but that was not what killed her. She was dead because of a series of large, open gashes on her inner thighs. 
 Immediately, I recognized it was the work of a chainsaw. A sudden fright came over me. 
“We have to get away from here, Anna,” I said. I glanced around the ruined buildings, some of which still burned. There was no sign of the Todesgruppen. Still, I knew they were near. 
“Why? What is it?” Anna looked at me. 
“We’re in danger here. They probably heard us coming. They wouldn’t just leave the one girl alive,” I said and then looked around in the windows, doorways, and rooftops. I couldn’t see any of them. However, I was certain they were there. 
“Why? Why are we in…” Anna stopped dead in her sentence. She saw something on one of the rooftops; a reflective surface glimmered from the shards of fire lighting the horizon.
A loud sound rang out through the air and echoed in between the buildings. I looked up toward the sound’s origin. It was a gunshot. It came from a sniper on the roof of the building behind me. 
I returned my gaze to Anna. I grabbed her. Using the force of my body weight, I shoved the two of us behind the remains of a burning car. The tires had long since disintergrated. Another shot rang out. A bullet nicked the roof of the car, just missing my head.
“Are you hit?” I asked Anna. She felt around her body with both hands. She found no sign of injury. 
“I don’t think so. Peter, what about the twins?” she asked.
“What?” I asked.
“One of those girls was still alive. We have to get her. They’ll kill her.”
“It’s too late for that,” I said.
“No, we can still save her.” Anna moved to get a good look around the corner of the car. She saw the other sister. 
Anna raised her head a little higher so she could get a better look. The girl twitched. The only sign of blood came from around her head. The first shot fired by the sniper had hit the girl in the head. 
The sniper was not aiming at them. The living twin was bait, used to draw us out of the building. And once she was of no further use, he shot her.
“Stop firing! I am Peter Hitler, son of the Führer. Don’t shoot!” I begged. 
I pulled the Colt 1911 out of my coat to be safe. I hid it down by my side.
Slowly, I began to pick my head up in order to see if the sniper had lowered his rifle. Before I could look, the sniper fired another round. This one entered the flames that burned the interior of the car. The bullet was lodged somewhere deep in the burning rumble. 
My reflexes were honed. In an instant I ducked back down by the side of the car. I neglected to consider how hot the car’s steel was. It must have been burning for a while because the heat from the steel quickly baked through the sleeve of my jacket. I cursed.
“Did you hear what I said?” I screamed. I squeezed the Colt’s handle tight. 
“Peter, what are we going to do?” Anna asked.
“I don’t know. He has us pinned down.”
“Why?”
I thought for a moment. The expression on my face registered a side of me Anna had never seen before. It was new. I searched my years of training for a solution. Then I answered her, “So his teammates can sneak up on us. He shoots at us so we can’t run, and then they come to kill us. We have to get away,” I said. 
I looked around for a way for us to escape, but there was nothing close. We were trapped. The closest thing to our location was an alleyway, but it was more than twenty meters away. We would not make it, at least not both of us.
“Listen, we have to try for that alleyway,” I said. “When I tell you to, run.”
“Okay,” she said.
A shot rang out. The bullet hit the ground near Anna’s feet. She began to tear up. “I can’t go, Peter.”
She was right. That sniper was better than I’d anticipated. Neither of us would make it. 
We heard a door open from the building on the other side of the car. Another sound followed. It was a motorized sound, rough and violent. It sent terrifying images into my mind. It was the sound I had feared hearing, a chainsaw. 
“What’s that sound?” Anna asked.
“Shit!” I replied. “Get ready; we are going for it.” 
I grabbed her wrist. Not even giving her time to prepare, I slung her toward the alley. I ran alongside her, blocking the view of the sniper. With reflexes I never knew I had, I fired a couple of rounds at the sniper. 
One bullet hit the ledge of the building directly beneath the sniper’s position. The second bullet whizzed by his head. The sniper ducked down, giving Anna and me just enough time to escape into the alley. 
Looking back, I could see them, the Todesgruppen. It was a group of five soldiers. One of them wielded a chainsaw. He was an enormous man. His military fatigues were stained with blood and fragments of bone. 
One of the others carried a shotgun. Two others held MP40 machine guns. The last member of the Todesgruppen brandished a flamethrower. Bits of flame and gas seeped out of the barrel. The smell of fuel filled my nostrils. 
As the Todesgruppen approached me, they did not raise their weapons. At the same time, they did not flinch or retreat from the threat of my Colt 1911. I pushed Anna deeper into the alley. She stopped by the wall for a moment. 
“We can’t stay here. We have to keep going,” I said. I squeezed her arm tightly and pulled her into the depths of the alleyway. Darkness surrounded us. A hint of light escaped the far corner of the alley. 
“Where are we going, Peter?”
“It doesn’t matter. They’ll just think that we are part of the Resistance. They’re not going to listen to us. Even if they did, they would never believe us about who we are. We have to run.”
She pulled away from me for a moment. With an indescribable tightness in her throat, she said, “Peter, I don’t want to be on their side.”
“Come on,” I said and pulled at her.
“No, I don’t want this,” she repeated. “Those twin girls. I don’t want this.”
“Anna, they’re going to kill us. We have to go,” I said.
We continued into the darkness toward the light at the end of the alley. Behind us, we heard footsteps. Flames shot into the alley. A thick puff of smoke instantly rose into the air.
“Run, Anna,” I yelled. We picked up speed. Finally we reached the end of the alley. Beyond the corner, I realized why our pursuers walked casually and did not run after us: We ran into a brick wall. 
It rose up ten meters in the air and blocked our passage through the alley. Flames lit the other side. 
“No! No! What are we going to do?” Anna said. She banged her fists on the brick.
I looked around for a moment. I saw a thick, wooden door in the building to the right. 
“In there,” I said, trying to turn the knob, but the door was locked. 
“Stand back,” I said, pointing the gun at the lock. I shot it out. The cylinder burst. 
The door began swinging slowly toward us. I grabbed Anna’s arm and led her through the swinging door. Once we were through, I slammed the door and pushed a heavy chest in front of it. I quickly began sweeping the corridors and open doorways in the building with the gun. I was ready to shoot anyone who came into sight. The building had no signs of life. 
We found ourselves in a jewelry store. The front of the building was covered with windows, but they were barred from the outside. I wasn’t sure if the owner or the Nazis had put the bars up.
“Look for stairs. I’m going to try the front door,” I said, letting go of Anna’s arm. We headed for the foyer. 
Anna loomed around in the darkness, looking for the stairs leading up. Feeling around on the wall with her hands, she found a light switch. It flickered and sparks shot out from the cover as she flipped it up. The hallway lights came on. They were dim, but they allowed us to see where we were going. 
“I found the stairs,” she called out to me.
I’d found the front door. I struggled to open it, but it was locked. It was steel. The urge to try shooting the lock surfaced. However, I realized it would not work without wasting most of my bullets. I only had five left, and the Todesgruppen were closing in.
“The door is of no use. We’ll have to jump from a higher floor,” I said. 
Anna ran up the stairs first. As her feet connected with each step, I watched the door we’d gone through. I pointed the Colt at it, waiting to shoot anyone who came in. For a long moment, I expected to see one of the soldiers enter. It was my hope I could shoot one by surprise; perhaps that could buy us some time.
“Peter?” Anna called from the top of the stairs.
I looked up at her for a moment. In the corner of my eyes I saw two of the Todesgruppen entering the doorway in front of me. The first soldier pointed the flamethrower directly at me. 
Fire spit out in a single, elongated burst. Flames streamed toward me. I heard Anna call out my name. I heaved myself over the railing, rolling onto the hardwood staircase. The flames just missed me. It scorched the entire lower part of the staircase and wall. Large sections of the wallpaper combusted. Flower patterns melted away to reveal the dark, oak wood that lay beneath.  
A longer burst of flame thrust out from the flamethrower’s barrel. The blaze rose up and burned past me. Lying on my back on the stairs, I hugged as close to the wall as possible. The heat was intense. It set the entire wall below me on fire.
“Peter?” Anna screamed from the top of the stairs. 
“Keep going!” I yelled up at her. 
Another stream of flames followed. The soldier moved from the foyer closer to my position. The floorboards squeaked under his combat boots. I gripped my handgun tightly. Still on my back, I squirmed up the stairs. Stopping halfway up, I aimed the gun, resting my elbows on my stomach. 
I pointed it into the fire below, hoping the soldier would walk out. I waited for a long moment, but the soldier did not reveal himself. There were no more bursts of flames. 
Suddenly, I heard Anna scream from above me. There was another sound: loud and metallic. It was like an engine. I knew the sound. It was the sadistic hum of the chainsaw. 
I looked above me and saw the large soldier wielding the chainsaw and staring right back at me. Our eyes locked for a moment, and then I raised my gun. Before I could take aim, the soldier vanished into the darkness of the second floor, where Anna had disappeared. 
She continued to scream. I leapt to my feet. Before I could pursue the large soldier, a stream of flame hurdled over the railing and engulfed my path. The entire top of the staircase was ablaze. I winced for a moment in pain from the intense heat standing before me. The thought of brazing through the wall of flames entered my mind, but before I could act, the fire spread and thickened to make it a death trap. 
I had no choice but to retreat back down the stairs. Anna’s screams continued to penetrate through the wall of fire and into my ears. 
Slowly, I backed away from the fire as it approached me. It followed me with each step I made. 
Now, I heard a new noise. It was the floorboards creaking beneath me. Swiftly, I turned to gaze upon the tip of the flamethrower. The barrel appeared beyond the railing, through the burning banister. The soldier wielding it had not yet appeared. 
I pressed my back to the wall and crouched down out of sight. I waited for the right moment. The soldier’s helmet appeared through the fire. In an instant his eyes locked with mine. It was the perfect moment to strike. 
I leapt over the burning railing and onto the soldier. The force of my body pushed the soldier’s back against the wall. He screamed out in pain as his bones crashed into the weight of the flamethrower pack as it hit the wall behind him. The soldier pulled the trigger on the flamethrower erratically. Flames shot out. The stream engulfed the spot where I had been perched on the staircase.
I was too close to the soldier for the flames to hit me. I had the gun pressed against the soldier’s chest at point blank range. My left hand shoved the soldier’s chin up so his head was against the wall. 
Immediately, I noticed the other soldier who was standing in the foyer. He was stunned by what he was witnessing. A machine gun shook in his hands. I flipped my hostage so that the hostage’s back faced the other soldier. The hostage had now become a human shield. It was easy for me to hide behind the hostage because he was wearing that large flamethrower pack. 
The other soldier had not yet fired his gun, which would certainly kill the hostage. They both knew this. The hostage started to beg and plead. He cried out to the other soldier not to fire. 
“Shut up!” I shouted, pushing the gun farther into the man’s chest. “Now, you in the foyer, do not fire! If you shoot that gun you will hit the flame tanks and kill all of us, not to mention your friends upstairs. Now drop your gun.”
“Fuck you!” The other soldier screamed. 
He began firing his gun. Bullets ricocheted off the walls around me. The soldier’s machine gun was an automatic. 
Gunshots echoed throughout the entire building. I held my breath and squeezed into my human shield for protection. My hostage screamed and started to resist violently. I fired a single round into the man’s chest. He stopped squirming. 
Bullets were hitting the tank on his back. I did not realize it, but blood splattered on my clothes. Now, I was forced to hold both the hostage and the heavy flamethrower tanks up with my free hand, while still holding my gun. The tank had resisted the bullets thus far, but I was not sure how much longer it’d last before erupting.
I released my grip and shoved the hostage as hard as I could toward the gunman in the foyer. Taking a couple of steps back, I knelt down. Aiming the Colt, I fired four rounds. Bullets from the machine gun barely missed me as they whizzed through the air. Every bullet I fired flew directly past the flung hostage and into the other soldier’s chest, except for one. 
It tore through his neck. The soldier stopped firing immediately. The bullets whipped him off his feet, and he landed hard against the floor. Blood gushed out of the bullet holes. The body convulsed violently. He gripped his throat with one working arm. He hacked up blood. 
I heard Anna scream once again from the floor above. I jumped to my feet. The shaft of the Colt was exposed, signaling I’d used all of the bullets. I tossed the gun and ran over to the fallen soldier. Reaching down, I retrieved the MP40 and ejected the magazine. It was empty. I searched the fallen soldier for more magazines. 
There was nothing—no magazines, no other guns, nothing. The only weapon I found was a stiletto with a long blade. It was like an ice pick with a slightly thicker blade. 
I pocketed it and then looked over at the other soldier. I tried to lift the flamethrower, but it was too heavy for me to carry around. Also the air smelled like gasoline, and I knew the tank had been penetrated during the struggle. It could explode at any moment. 
I searched the soldier and found nothing. Despite feeling unsatisfied with the stiletto, I still charged out of the building in order to search for another way up to Anna. I looked over the alleyway cautiously. I remembered seeing two other soldiers, one with a MP40 machine gun and one with a shotgun. Plus, I remembered the sniper. I knew the large man with the chainsaw was up there with Anna. 
Anna’s screams still echoed throughout the building. Before I made it into the street, I heard a bursting sound, like a water pipe rupturing. I turned back toward the foyer. The flamethrower tank was leaking profusely. Only a split second went by before I realized what was about to happen. 
The tank exploded. A massive cloud of smoke and intense heat that seemed to appear from nowhere filled up the entire first floor of the building and spread past me onto the street. The force of the explosion hit me in nearly the same moment. It lifted me off the ground and threw me twenty meters out into the street. I hit the ground hard and rolled until I crashed into a pile of debris. 
Blood seeped out of my forehead. I felt numb all over. I looked up in time to see a second explosion. This one consumed the upper floors of the building. My eyes were heavy and swelling up. I tried to stay conscious long enough to determine whether or not Anna had survived. 
A long moment went by. I fought the overwhelming need to blackout—to rest. Paralysis began to consume me. I could only lie on the ground and watch the burning building. Suddenly, I heard a faint, shrill sound. 
Anna was screaming again. Her scream was the last thing I heard before I could no longer fight my body’s urge to shut down. I blacked out.
The screams silenced for the moment. Smoke rose around my body as I lay in complete stillness. The sun appeared over the horizon, creating the dullest orange tint around the battle-ridden town. The orange hue was such a faint glow that the skyline appeared to be in a sunset, not a sunrise, as though the light had faded away.
76
I stirred under the smoke. My eyelids unveiled my green eyes. I took a sudden breath of air. My chest heaved up and expanded to its maximum capacity. I could feel my lungs opening up to the air. I felt my energy suddenly returning. 
I stood up and hacked up some dirt that had managed to get lodged deep in my throat. I spent the next few minutes trying to breathe regularly. I had no idea how long I’d blacked out for, but the sun was an indicator that it’d been a while. 
Anna was up on the second floor somewhere. I tried to gather my strength. I was terrified because she’d stopped screaming; only the silence that comes after the dust settles remained.
Once my breathing returned to normal, I headed toward the nearly destroyed building. Inside, smoke filled the air. I could make out the charred remains of one of the soldiers that I’d killed. Fire still burned throughout the building. I tried to make it to the bottom of the stairs but couldn’t. 
“Anna!” I called up to the second floor. There was no answer.
I searched the pockets of my coat. I found the stiletto. It was the only weapon I had left. 
Suddenly, the fires of Warsaw and the violence that surrounded me induced a flashback. A memory flooded my eyes. It was my mother’s death. She whispered a name, and I said it aloud, “Willem.”
I looked up at the second floor from the street. Fire raged from the windows. I walked around the building and looked for a way up. But the upper floor was only accessible from the stairs. At the lowest wall, I continuously leapt up and tried to grab the roof. I jumped up over and over again, but I couldn’t reach it. I jumped until I couldn’t jump anymore, until my knees hurt and my joints strained.
Finally my body gave up. I could no longer jump. I couldn’t even stand. I lay back on the pavement. I lay there watching the building burn to ash. I lay there watching my friend and first love burn to ash.
Part Five
Savages Unleashed
Chapter Ten
Blood in the 
Artist’s Brush
Poland, 1939
77
Standing on the street, I was different. I had changed. I was virtually unrecognizable to anyone who might have known me.
To the soldiers, I was a pampered schoolboy. Because I was the Führer’s son, they thought that I was a spoiled brat. Ever since I came out into the public eye, people saw that I was given everything, that I was spoiled. They didn’t know the truth. Few of Hitler’s colleagues knew who I really was. 
Anna was dead. My life was a lie. All I felt was a smoldering fury. It raged inside me, consuming me like a forest fire.
I walked down the street. My cold eyes were glazed over and stunned. A cool breeze blew around me. It shifted my torn, ragged coat. Pallid stains and soot covered my clothes. They were blackened from the fire. My heart was blackened from the fire.
As I continued toward the building where I was supposed to be sleeping, soldiers passed by. Most of them stopped to stare at me. The ones who recognized me saluted me immediately. They were confused to see me on the battlefield and covered in filth. In fact, most were shocked to see me at all. For the most part, my existence was more of a legend than anything else. 
Many of the soldiers were just beginning their day. Some went to breakfast. Others went to their assigned units. As for the conquest of Poland, the bulk of the job was finished. The purpose of their presence now was to police the new German territory. 
Some clean-cut officers walked by me. They whispered something as they passed. For a moment, one officer considered speaking to me, but he could see the anger in my eyes. He had seen me before but never like this. My anger was reminiscent of Hitler’s anger.
I did not give them a second look. I continued on toward the federal building, to my temporary quarters. Not sure of what to do, I decided to speak with my father immediately. 
However, in the corner of my eye, I saw a large man crossing the street away from me. The man walked into a bakery with a chainsaw strapped over his shoulder. I saw that blood stains covered the rusted blade. I clenched my fists tightly. My rage was fueled further by seeing him, the man who had killed Anna. 
Unexpectedly, I was surrounded by a band of young soldiers marching down the street. Still, my eyes focused only on the bakery the large soldier had entered. Through the front window, I watched as the man wielding the chainsaw sat down across from other members of the Todesgruppen. 
The men wore tired expressions on their faces. They must have spent the rest of the night searching for me. It didn’t matter. They were in front of me now. 
I walked toward the bakery before I realized it. Along the way, three of the young marching soldiers broke ranks to stop me. They were not sure who I was or even that I was German. 
“Where do you think you’re going, son?” the oldest, highest-ranking soldier asked me. I looked at his hand, which was suddenly grabbing my shoulder.
I peered up at him with a scowling stare. 
“Get your hand off me,” I demanded. 
The soldier began to reach for my wrist to detain me. Without thinking, without faltering, I slipped the stiletto out of my jacket. With one hand covering his mouth, I stabbed the blade twice into his heart. In an instant, the soldier became lifeless, leaning against me. 
The other two soldiers were stuck in the moving crowd. I took advantage of this. I propped the body against a severely bent street lamp, but not before stealing the Luger from his holster. 
His friends, the pursuing soldiers, lost sight of me. There were too many people in the crowd to keep up. I left my soot-covered jacket on the ground to throw them off my trail. I continued up the sidewalk. 
Now I was standing right in front of the bakery window. I looked down at the gun and checked the ammo. There were seven bullets in it. Looking back through the window, I counted six men seated at the table, one standing by the door, one leaning against the back wall, and the last one came out of the bathroom on the farthest end of the room. There was a total of nine soldiers.
Some of the men were not responsible for Anna’s death, but most were. I didn’t care about the others. I held the stiletto in one hand and the gun in the other. 
Through the window, I saw that some of the soldiers stared back at me. I couldn’t tell if they were a part of the Todesgruppen or not. I knew for sure that the large man, whose back was to me, was the same man who had killed Anna. I could have returned to my room. I could have ignored him, but I couldn’t stand for that.
I noticed for the first time that the soldiers were playing cards. They all stopped after seeing me. I attracted their attention because I stared at them so intensely. I opened the door and entered the bakery. 
One of the soldiers sitting across from the big man stood up and signaled for me to leave. Another soldier, standing in the doorway to the washroom, wiped both of his hands on a white towel. The other soldiers looked relaxed. I noticed that four of them carried Lugers. 
Their guards were down. None of them feared me. This would be my advantage.
Again, the soldier demanded I leave. When it was apparent I was not going to abide, he backed out of his chair and moved toward me. I waited for him to get closer and then I lunged at him with the stiletto. I jabbed the blade three times into his chest before any of the others reacted. 
I pulled in close to the dying soldier and used his body as a human shield. I fired a single shot at the man standing in the doorway of the bathroom. The bullet tore through the washcloth that he held out in front of his face. Blood splattered across it. 
Rapidly, I fired a couple of rounds into the first soldier to brandish his pistol. The man returned fire as he was jerked off his feet. He accidentally shot the shoulder of the large man seated across the table, the one I was after. 
The remaining soldiers, except for the large man, leapt to their feet, guns drawn. I fired my gun in rapid succession at them. The table held most of them in place for me. The rest shuffled in multiple directions, looking for cover. 
Clumsily, they ran into each other. I shot two of them in the back, two in the chest. I purposely missed the chainsaw man. I wanted to save him for last. 
The last man to survive my attack could see the room clearly, and he faced me holding a gun. He fired several rounds at me. Each bullet shredded into the back of my human shield. Except for one bullet; this one whizzed past me and out the bakery’s front window. The window shattered, alerting the soldiers outside. They brandished their machine guns, turning their attention to the little bakery.
I didn't care about them. I only wanted revenge. I returned fire at the last soldier standing. With one round left, I shot him in the center of his chest. He fell back onto another man who lay dying on the ground. I slipped the stiletto out of my human shield’s chest, where I had basically used it as a handle to control his movements. Savagely, I let his bullet-riddled body fall to the ground. 
On the street, an SS officer ordered his unit to approach the bakery and investigate the violent commotion. From the corner of my eye, I noticed them gathering outside the bakery’s front doors. 
While I examined the entrance, the large man dashed beyond the bodies and through a swinging door that led into the kitchen. I started to chase after him before I saw a weapon that was much better than my stiletto leaning against the wall: the chainsaw. I dropped the stiletto and picked up the chainsaw. 
It was heavy, but I was so overcome with rage that my blood boiled. I felt no struggle in lifting and wielding the chainsaw. I turned the ignition switch a couple of times. The motor roared to life like a mechanical lion. The chain rattled as it traveled around the blade. 
I pursued the large man into the kitchen. 
Beyond the double swinging doors, the large man searched frantically for a weapon of his own, but there was nothing he could use against the chainsaw. The kitchen was full of rolling pins, cake utensils, and baking sheets. A terrified expression consumed his face. He fell to his knees like he was going to beg for his life. Instead, he trembled beneath me.
Suddenly, I noticed his face was distorted. Someone had recently broken his nose. One of his eyes was mashed shut. Also, the man didn’t speak; instead, he moaned. I realized his jaw was broken. 
A mental image flashed in my mind. It was a repressed memory. It seemed recent. It was a moment that I had blacked out of my memory, a blip of me in the act of beating this man’s face in with the butt of an empty shotgun.
A fragmented smile cracked on my face. Suddenly, my mind flashed again to the forgotten memory. This flash turned into a living memory that flooded my mind. My lips unhinged, forming a smile as I watched the entire scene unfold. 
I remembered every piece as if it were being played back in front of me on the white walls of the bakery's kitchen.
78
I had a flashback to when I lay on the ground, only hours before. 
Suddenly, I remembered everything. 
My body was coiled up near the burning building where Anna had died. My eyes opened and suddenly I was on my feet. The stiletto was in my coat pocket. Anna’s screams filled my ears. 
I ran around the building and found a burning fire escape. I heard footsteps from above. A soldier wielding a shotgun crawled through an open window on the second floor and made his way down the fire escape. 
He doused the flames with some kind of extinguisher mix. It killed enough of the flames so that he could climb down safely. He began descending. Before he set foot onto the gravel, I jerked him off the ladder by his legs. His body slammed down onto the street. I plunged my knee into his larynx, silencing him. He tried to fight back, but my weight restrained him from screaming. 
I took the shotgun from him. 
Once again, I heard Anna scream. Quickly, I stood up; my eyes traced the tiers of the fire escape to the top floor. Without thinking, I fired the shotgun into the soldier’s stomach. Startled by my own action, I peered down. The soldier squirmed around. Most of his guts stretched out across his chest and pelvis. It was a disgusting sight.
I winced in complete horror at what I had done.
Abruptly, a figure appeared on the landing above me. It was the sniper.
“Who are you?” the sniper yelled.
I realized his mistake before he had. The sniper came out onto the landing with his weapon relaxed. He should have been more careful.
Reacting quickly, I pumped the shotgun, reloading the chamber with a new shell. I fired twice at the sniper as he reached for his rifle. 
The shells blew two large chunks off the man’s right and left shoulders. Within seconds, two severed arms clumped down onto the landing. The man screamed and fell onto the railing. He dangled for a moment before falling to the ground, hard. His body bounced once on the ground. Moments later, he stopped screaming. 
I pumped the shotgun again. I felt incredible, powerful. 
I ascended the fire escape. The second floor was mostly clear of flames. I climbed through an open window and into an office. I quickly glanced over the room. It was empty. 
Then, I heard Anna’s screams coming from down the hall. I followed them through the darkness. I ran down a corridor and turned a corner. As the wallpaper pattern changed into a new pattern of green stripes, I noticed through an open doorway a pair of moving shadows. I entered the room and saw the large chainsaw soldier. His fist pulverized the once beautiful face of my Anna. 
“Get off her!” I screamed, charging into the room. The large man leaned toward me as I charged. I fired the shotgun, but nothing happened. I pumped it and squeezed the trigger again, but nothing came out. I was out of ammunition.
The large man jumped to his feet, chainsaw in hand, and swung the blade at me. I deflected the blade with the shotgun. The force of the large soldier’s swing was so powerful that it knocked me completely off balance. I flew over a nearby oak desk, dislodging a stack of papers. 
I rolled onto the ground and dropped the shotgun. Lying on the floor, I could see Anna’s body across the room. She slumped over. I studied her quickly; there was no sign of consciousness or even life. 
Suddenly, I heard the roar of the chainsaw starting up. I looked up to see the large man wielding it above me. He swung the chainsaw down hard at me. Quickly, I rolled and dodged the blade. The saw scraped across the floor. It shredded the carpet fibers and the top of the floorboards. Threads, splinters, and fibers flew up, creating a small cloud of dust. 
While lying on my back, I kicked the large man square in the jaw with both feet. He flew back against the desk. I jumped to my feet. 
Again, I saw the chainsaw coming toward me. The chain rotated around the blade as it neared my face. I grabbed a lamp off the edge of a nearby table and shattered it across the soldier’s face. He dropped the saw and grabbed his face in his hands.
Now that I had a brief moment, my first instinct was to check Anna. I ran over to her. I couldn’t tell if she was dead or alive. She didn’t move and her face was covered in blood. Both cheeks were swollen.
“Anna? Anna?” 
She didn’t respond to my voice. I rose sharply and faced the large man who was pulling shards of the broken lamp from his cheek and neck.
I walked over to him and pulled him off the desktop. He grabbed me with both hands, lifted me up from the floor, and rammed me into one of the walls. I felt a sharp pain course through my lower back. 
The large man pulled me from the wall and rammed me into it again. Once again, the pain seared through me. He pulled me back a third time. This time I stabbed him in the upper shoulder twice with the stiletto. I knew the muscle I stabbed through would severely weaken his ability to use his left arm. He dropped me.
I left the stiletto in his shoulder. I stayed on the floor for a moment, trying to catch my breath. After the pain in my back finally subsided, I leapt to my feet and grabbed the large soldier by the chin, pushing it upward. I punched his throat. 
He fell over instantly. The handle of the stiletto hit the floor first, hammering the blade deeper into his back. He cried out in agony. I stomped onto the top of his right arm in order to restrain it. 
I picked up the shotgun, and with all of my strength, I began pounding on his face with the butt of it. I struck over and over until his face was as bludgeoned as Anna’s.
Finally, I could no longer lift the shotgun. It had been so long since the large soldier had stopped moving. All that remained of his face was a mess of blood and bruises. I pulled the stiletto out of his shoulder, figuring it might be useful later on.
I rolled off him and lay on the floor next to him for a while. I knew he was still alive, but it didn’t matter. 
I looked over at Anna’s body. I still wasn’t sure if she was dead or not. 
Suddenly, I heard a series of explosions in the hall. Across from me the floor exploded and several splinters of the floorboard sprayed out all over the room. One nearly stabbed me in the leg. 
The second floor of the building began catching fire. Downstairs various machines exploded in sequence like dominos; the entire building was coming down.
I tried to lift Anna. After several attempts, I was successful in throwing her body over my shoulder. I carried her out into the hall. It was slow moving. I had used up most of my strength fighting the chainsaw soldier. I managed to carry her out into the hall and part of the way back down it, but the rest of the hall was on fire. I kicked in the door next to me. 
That room was not burning as badly as the others. I entered the room and ran for the window.
At the window, I looked down. It was possible for me to leap out onto the lower roof and then to the street from there. I leaned Anna against the wall for a moment. With one foot out of the window and over the ledge, I began to climb out. 
I turned to grab Anna. Another explosion rang out. This one was close. Then another came. And another one followed that. The room was suddenly engulfed in flames. I heard the beginning of another explosion; this one launched me through the air and out of the window. In the instant before I took flight, I witnessed Anna’s body incinerate in a swift torrent of fire. She was dead, but just before she died, in that one brief moment, her eyes opened.
Violently, I landed on the top of the lower roof before another explosion sent me off and onto the street below.  Shrapnel from the building had fallen over me, hiding me from the remaining Todesgruppen. That was where I remained until I awoke later.
79
In the bakery, I held the saw tightly in my hand and glared down at the large soldier. 
I thought only one thing: chainsaw.
I swung the chainsaw. The blade cut through the large man’s left arm and severed it. The body part flung several feet and landed in an old cake. Blood streamed out of the hole and smeared across the white icing and the words “Happy Birthday.”  
The large soldier screamed in anguish. 
I stood still for a moment and relished the fear on the man’s face. I savored the sheer terror and power I felt. Peter Hitler was no more. Whoever I had been, whoever Peter was no longer mattered. What mattered now was satisfaction. I was almost satisfied but not quite yet.
Slowly, I followed the large man as he began to flee. He crawled on the floor as best he could without his limb. I never let him get more than a meter away. Before the man could reach the door, I sawed through his legs. The chainsaw struggled to saw completely through his thick legs and bones. The smell of saw dust and seared flesh filled the air. Screams filled my ears. 
Moments later, the large man was in four pieces and very dead. 
I stood over the mess of blood and body parts. I stared at a blank eggshell-colored wall in front of me. Like a canvas from long ago, it called to me. I felt a madness I hadn’t felt since I’d tortured that lion those years ago. And I felt a strong desire, an impulse, a vice, a need. I needed to paint. 
I only had one source of paint to use and not much time. The Nazi soldiers were ramming the front doors of the bakery, trying to get in. I had locked the door just before I’d picked up the chainsaw. Still, I wondered what was taking them so long. Then I thought maybe they recognized me and were looking for my father.
“My father,” I snickered. “What a lie.” 
My madness became my art. I picked up a cooking brush lying in a jar full of stainless steel kitchen utensils. I dipped the bristles into the pool of blood that leaked out from the dismembered corpse. 
I painted on the blank wall. Brush strokes swept across the white wall until a distinct and ferocious shape formed. Blood splattered everywhere and dripped down the wall. 
Several minutes later, I was finished with my painting of blood. I stepped back to view the first painting I had done in years. Standing five or so meters from it, I smirked.
It was a creature I would be forever linked with. It was the most feared and vicious animal in the world, a lion, painted in the blood of my enemy.
Suddenly, my mind relapsed again into a distant memory. It was a memory I had forgotten from years ago. I struggled with it. I fought it. At the same time, the Nazi soldiers broke through the front doors of the bakery. They made their way in and entered the kitchen. 
At first, the soldiers were appalled. They couldn’t believe what I had done. An officer stepped over the limbs and blood. He approached me and put his hands on my shoulders.
The soldier, not knowing what to say, said, “Sohn des Kanzlers, are you all right?” 
I did not answer. 
The officer repeated, “Peter? Are you all right?”
“My name is Willem Kessler,” I replied. 
The soldiers looked up at the drawing on the wall. 
They stared at the lion painted in blood.
Chapter Eleven
Black Lion Rising
80
The soldiers did not know what to do with me. They weren’t sure if they were authorized to detain me or not. In any other scenario, they would have just shot me. If I were someone else and not the Führer’s son, I would have been dead where I stood.
“Peter, come with us,” the officer said. He grabbed me by the arm. I did not fight them. I dropped the blood-soaked brush. Droplets of blood streaked out of the bristles as the brush hit the ground. 
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“To see your father,” the officer responded.
I was brought down to the basement of a hotel. It was a very large, abandoned room. I knew what was in store for me the moment Beowulf entered. He leaned against the back wall, smoking a cigarette.
Neither of us spoke a word. We sat there waiting, staring each other down. 
We waited for over an hour. My father must have still been returning. I did not care. I was not afraid. Even though I was shackled to a chair in the middle of the room, I did not fear. I looked at Beowulf with cold eyes.
Beowulf approached me. Within the last hour, he had circled me several times. Like a wolf circling his prey, Beowulf studied me. 
Finally, he spoke, “Peter. You are different. I can’t quite place it, but I sense something is exceptional about you.”
“Willem,” I said.
“What?” Beowulf asked.
“My name is not Peter. It’s Willem.”
“Well, you are different,” Beowulf repeated. 
“How so?” I asked.
“It’s your eyes. You have the eyes of a killer now, and not just any killer, an assassin. How many men did you kill today? Five? Six? Shit, you may have killed more.”
Beowulf stopped talking. We heard footsteps. Several men approached from the staircase. Out of the shadows, Hitler’s was the first face I saw. 
“Son? What’s going on?” Hitler asked, walking close to me. Before he got within whispering distance, Beowulf stopped him. 
“What’s the meaning of this? Why is he strapped up like this?” Hitler said.
“Ask him who he is,” Beowulf said. 
“Who he is? This is my son. Now unlock him,” Hitler said. He became red and infuriated. “Unlock him."
Beowulf stood by and did nothing. Hitler drew a pistol from his coat. 
“Unlock him,” Hitler said while pointing the pistol at Beowulf.
Beowulf did not try to explain further; instead, he did as he was told. 
Once freed, I rose and stared coldly at Hitler.
“Son, what is the meaning of all of this?” Hitler asked, still pointing the pistol at Beowulf. 
I looked nightmarish. My clothes were still dirty from the night before. I hadn’t slept. My face was covered in dirt and ash and blood.
“Peter?” Hitler said.
I stood a couple of paces from Hitler. After a long pause I spoke: “I’m not Peter. My name is Willem Kessler, and you are the son of a bitch who murdered my father, my mother, and stole my life.”
Suddenly, I was grappling the gun from Hitler’s hand. Once I had it, I spun the Führer completely around. I made him my hostage, while pointing the gun at Beowulf. 
Beowulf was fast. He already had his own gun pointed at my face.
“No!” Hitler barked at Beowulf from under my grasp. “Don’t shoot him.”
“We can’t let you leave here,” Beowulf said. "You know this.”
“Who said anything about leaving?” I replied.
“Peter, you are my son. I’m not sure who told you these lies, but you are my son,” Hitler said, trying to squirm out of my grip.
“Shut up! Just shut up! You are not my father. I remember now. I remember. My mother told me the truth. She told me my father’s real name long ago. You killed my father and mother,” I said desperately. 
Hitler’s eyes widened.
“Son, don’t do anything stupid. Do you want to just leave? You can do that. We’ll take you anywhere you want to go,” Hitler said, trying to squirm out of my grip.
“I want to go home,” I said. I pulled the hammer back on the pistol. 
I took my eyes off Beowulf for a single moment. And suddenly, Beowulf moved behind me. 
I felt an incredible pain in the back of my head. Beowulf punched me. 
I passed out completely, dropping the gun and releasing Hitler from my grasp. 
81
I was drugged over and over for weeks. I slipped in and out of consciousness, never fully aware of where I was. Occasionally, I heard voices. I can remember some, but others remained inaudible. I lived and breathed in a drug-induced coma. Finally, I woke up in a hospital somewhere in Great Britain. 
“Mr. Kessler? Son, are you awake?” a voice asked.
I felt groggy. I slowly awoke in a state of confusion. 
“What happened? Where the hell am I?” I asked.
My eyes hurt. All I could see were five blurry images—men in suits. They sounded English, French, and American. Four of the men talked to each other, while the fifth patted my cheek, trying to wake me up.
“The Germans still owe us reparations. All I’m saying is that by declaring war, we have kissed that money goodbye,” said one man.
“No, you Euro boys are confused. Churchill is right to declare war. The Germans were never going to pay it, and now when we crush them, they will owe all of us.”
“Frank, your country isn’t even planning on getting involved.”
“Not true; the president is very interested in what goes on in Europe, even if Americans are not.”
“Shut up. He’s awake.”
“Mr. Kessler?” one of the men said, tapping a hand on my forehead.
“Willem, my name is Willem,” I said, squirming in the bed. I tried to sit up but then noticed I was cuffed to the bed’s rail bar.
“Sorry for that. We’re not sure if we can trust you,” one of the men said.
“Who are you?” I asked. 
The men were still blurry.
“We represent different governments. Primarily we are the world’s greatest nations. Our countries are concerned about Hitler’s current aggression. He invaded Poland. My country, Great Britain, is declaring war on Germany for this outrage.”
“Am I a prisoner?” I asked.
“Yes and no. We know who you really are, Willem.”
“How? Who are you guys?” I asked, bitterly confused.
“We represent intelligence agencies. Some of us are new at this; however, my country has been in the espionage game for a long time. 
“Currently, our governments are uniting together. If we all join forces to fight the Germans, we have a greater chance of success. To be candid, our governments have feared Hitler’s power for years. He is popular and very powerful.”
“Hitler is even popular in America,” Frank added.
“What does this have to do with me?” I asked. 
“Willem, I can’t tell you how we know about you, but we do. We have spies and informants. We don’t know everything, but we know you’re not really Hitler’s son. And we know you tried to kill him. We know it is highly unusual for the SS to hand over one of their prisoners to a British embassy. And so we have pooled all of our information on you.”
My sight began to return. The fuzzy figures were merging into less than the five men I had suspected. There were really only three.
“Willem,” the British agent said. 
I turned my full attention to him. 
“You tried to kill Hitler. And you would have been successful if it were not for a highly skilled assassin, code-named Beowulf, extremely dangerous and extremely loyal to the Reich.”
“I’m listening,” I said. I could now see the British agent’s face. 
“Willem, over the last few years, we have sent in assassins to kill Hitler. The French even got close once. At least we think so. Our man never returned, but after we lost track of him, his family was murdered in their home.”
“I know of this,” I said.
“Yes, we thought that you might. That’s why we need you,” the British agent said.
“You want me to give you information?” I asked, stirring again in the bed. I leaned my head against the wall so I could see them better.
“Yes, but there’s more.”
“What?” I said.
“We know about the school they had you in for all of those years. They trained you to kill there, didn’t they?”
“Among other things,” I said.
“Okay, we want to continue your education. Only we have a different purpose. The Nazis were training you to be their next leader. We want to train you to kill the current one.”
“Hitler. You want me to kill Hitler?”
“Yes. We feel you have the motivation and the ability. We just want to give you those extra qualities you lack, qualities to make you more like Beowulf, but not as evil,” the British agent said.
“What quality did you have in mind?” I asked.
“Invisibility,” the British agent said.
82
London was breathtaking. I had never been here before. The British agent had me living and studying in London. The weather was nice, even though I had heard it gets dreary. Buildings were everywhere. London was a city of magnificent architecture. 
Big Ben was my favorite. Walking along the stone sidewalks, I could see the majestic clock on Ben. I spent most of my free time just walking and sightseeing. I enjoyed the gardens, the old architecture, and the look of the churches. Many of the old churches were doorways into history. 
Over the last several months, I had grown to love London. I hardly missed Berlin. And my studies here were much different. Now I was being taught all of art, literature, and history. There were no censors. I learned about books and paintings that were banned in my homeland. In addition, they pieced together the story of my parents and family as best as they could.
Still, I knew the day would come when the British agents would call on me to learn how to kill. One word stuck with me, even after all those months of freedom. The word was “invisibility.”  
I thought about it sometimes. What did the British agent mean? I suspected they wanted me to match Beowulf, to kill as he does. After all, if I was ever going to get close to Hitler again, I'd have to get through Beowulf. I wasn’t scared of the SS guards, but Beowulf was different. I was truly terrified of him. 
The British agent trusted me, but for my own protection, I never left my flat or the university campus without two armed escorts. They were two highly trained soldiers, dressed in civilian clothes. I could tell they resented having to guard a young German they knew nothing about. They wanted to be in the battlefield with their brethren, fighting the Nazis. But they followed orders.
I looked like an ordinary sixteen-year-old schoolboy. I walked around carrying a backpack loaded with books and a change of clothes. I had a new sketchbook. It had different drawings in it; many were of lions. This sketchbook had some illustrations as well. I had started to draw and color my lions completely black.
My art instructor jokingly nicknamed me Burnt Lion. I really liked my classes at the local university. The British government did not enroll me in high school with my peers. Before they decided where they were going to put me, they did aptitude tests, IQ tests, and placement exams. 
I scored high on all of them. My IQ was measured at 145. Also, I was obviously well educated. In fact, I was not only beyond other kids my own age, but I was also beyond most of the teachers at the public schools. 
My teachers were nice to me, for the most part. One drawback I faced, however, was the fact that it was hard to hide that I was of German descent. Being of German blood while the British were fighting our homeland was not good for many Germans who resided in the U.K. It was especially hard on German children. Some school kids were hateful toward us. And I could not hide that I was Aryan. It was ironic that I was half Jewish and yet I looked all Aryan. 
The agents were concerned with violence targeted at me. So the local university seemed like the right choice. It was easier for them to protect me there.
I was given a monthly stipend and a flat. It was small with one bedroom and a separate kitchen. I was happy for the most part. Sometimes I thought about Anna, but I tried to focus on my art. I imagined I should have been more heartbroken over her death, but the truth was that she loved Peter Hitler. And I was not Peter Hitler. Peter also died that night in the fire.
On my way back to the campus, one of my bodyguards stepped in front of me before I made it through the front gates. Another guard stood by the gates, waiting. He was also wearing civilian clothes. The guards met in front of me and started talking. I couldn’t make out the words, but it sounded important.
The next thing I knew, one guard was signaling for me to follow. I followed him through the gates and toward the student union. He led me into the building and up a flight of stairs. At the top of the stairs, another guard stood post. He directed me through a door that led out onto an area that was under construction. It was a poorly lit landing that overlooked the first floor of the union. 
I could see the jugglers’ club practicing like they did every Wednesday night. Every week they performed in the middle of the union, sharpening their skills. Many of them were novices. 
However, a couple of the players were well-skilled. One player was Jordan. He was one of the few acquaintances I had made at the university. 
I spent most of my time alone. I did not socialize with the students in my classes too much. Sometimes, I’d participate in small talk, but I steered clear of politics. Whenever someone tried to hound me for being German, I changed the subject. Usually, I only talked about art. I rarely commented on the war. 
Beyond the hanging plastic sheets and tools that were spread out on the floor of the landing, I could see the familiar British agent from the hospital. 
“Willem,” the agent acknowledged. “My name is James Bosworth. I’m a British Intelligence Officer. We met in hospital several months ago.”
“Yes, I remember. I remember you quite well,” I said, moving closer to him. For the first time, I noticed how short he was. Standing at 1.7 meters and weighing no more than 61.5 kilos, Mr. Bosworth was much smaller than the British guards who watched over me.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Well, honestly I remembered that you were taller,” I said.
“You are not very big yourself. You are a boy and can’t weigh more than 70 kilos. Yet, you killed how many of the SS? And almost Hitler,” James Bosworth said.
Changing the subject, I said, “What are you doing here, Mr. Bosworth?”
“Willem, come here and stand with me,” Mr. Bosworth said, leading me to the railing. Together we peered over the edge at the jugglers. A small crowd of students gathered to watch them. The jugglers tossed pins, balls, and what looked like a couple of antique vases. The onlookers cheered every time one of the jugglers would pretend to drop one of the vases.
I noticed Jordan. He was in great shape—tall, thin. I looked at my own body. I had gained some weight since I’d begun eating the campus food. I was far from heavy, but I did not have the long, lean body I had had while living with Hitler.
“Willem, these kids have something that you and I don’t. Do you know what that is?”
“Friends?” I asked.
“Well, that’s true, but no. They have freedom. They are free from the knowledge that enslaves you and me. I’m in a position to know secrets, horrible secrets, the kinds of secrets men die for. They are the kinds of secrets men kill for,” Agent Bosworth said.
“Yeah,” I said, looking down at Jordan, wishing I had his life.
“Willem, I know things have been good here for you. I understand your grades are good, and you seem well enough. But it’s time for you to train for something else.”
“What?” I asked.
“You already know what. Look at these kids. They’re all happy. Even though they know about the war, even though they all know that it’s going to get worse, much worse, right now they are happy. You know what my job is?”
“Spying?” I asked.
“No, it’s keeping them happy as long as possible. I’m in the spying business, but I’m also in the keeping secrets business. My job is to keep secrets secret. That keeps these kids happy. They can all go about their lives. They can study, drink, and have as much sex as they desire as long as I’m keeping them safe from the horrors of the world,” Bosworth said.
I said nothing.
“Willem, the Nazis are gathering people up. Women and children. All Jews. They are taking them in trains. I don’t dare imagine what for. I don’t imagine because I already know. And so do you. They are putting them in camps. They shave their heads, tear out their fingernails, and pull out their teeth. They are exterminating them. 
“Willem, your mother was a Jew. 
“Willem, the Nazis are coming. I need your help. None of my agents can get close to Hitler, not like you can. Shit, you may even get an open invitation under the right circumstances. This may take a long time, but killing Hitler can end this war. 
“We can stop the Nazis from exterminating an entire race of people. 
“We can end this nightmare. Willem, we can end your nightmare,” Bosworth said, picking his coat up off the railing. He began to put his arms into the sleeves. 
He stopped and looked deep into my eyes.
“Think about it and let me know. I’ll be in touch,” Bosworth said. He disappeared into the darkness.
I stood on the landing alone, left to my thoughts, my nightmarish thoughts. 
83
A drafty, old London movie theater was located in the heart of the city. I had not seen a moving picture in a long time. The only two things on my mind lately were Bosworth’s words and the blurred memories of my mother. 
I’d spent months trying to remember more about her, trying to unlock those memories in my mind. Mostly I failed, but the day after I spoke with Bosworth, I was walking with my bodyguards when I saw a movie poster in the student union. 
I walked up to it and stared at it with a far-reaching gaze. As my eyes followed a long-winding, yellow brick road, I dove into my past and scoured my memories. 
The movie poster was for The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The title struck a chord with me. It reminded me of my mother’s voice. I remembered she used to read the books to me.
I walked into the movies and watched in absolute wonder. The movie flooded my ears with the sounds of my mother’s voice as if she were narrating it to me. 
I remembered my mother used to turn to me with a big smile every time the story introduced the cowardly lion. I remembered her smile ignited my imagination. 
The movie ended and I walked out. Now, I knew the answer I would give Bosworth.
84
A week later, I was in my art class. We were finishing our final projects for the semester. I had painted a lurid scene filled with violence and war. The combatants were all animals. There were lions, tigers, eagles, and a single wolf. 
There was a series of shadows near the head of one of the armies—represented by a fox. Near him, crawling through the shadows, was a black lion. It was crouched and ready to strike, but the wolf stood by, ready to defend the fox. The painting was titled The Proposition. I don’t know what happened to it. 
After class, I walked the halls alone in a crowd of freshmen and sophomores. I headed in no particular direction. I had finished my classes for the day. Wandering the campus, I ran into Bosworth standing near an open doorway to an empty classroom. He signaled to me to follow.
“Shut the door, Willem,” Bosworth said to me as I entered the classroom.
I shut it and took a seat in one of the empty desks. The room was an auditorium-style classroom. James Bosworth stood on a platform in the center of the room. I sat in the first row peering down at him.
“Willem, you’ve had several days to think about our proposition. So what is your answer? Do you want to end the nightmare?”
“What happens after?” I asked.
“What do you want?” Bosworth said.
I thought for a moment and said, “I want to paint.”
“Fine. We will send you anywhere that you want to go after this. Of course, Germany and Eastern Europe will be off limits. You might want to consider going to the States. But we will set it up so that you can paint. Although, you will need to keep a low profile.”
“What is the first step?” I asked.
“First, we have to give you a code name, something that will become your new name. Something that will protect you. Something fearsome. 
Not only is that how Beowulf keeps his identity a secret; it is also how he is able to strike fear in the hearts of his enemies. He has built a legend for himself,” James Bosworth said.
“What name shall I have?” I asked.
“Black Lion. That’ll be your new name,” Bosworth said.
“Black Lion,” I repeated.
85
I spent the next several semesters studying at different universities throughout the U.K. Bosworth thought it was safer for me to bounce from place to place, never becoming complacent. 
I never really got to know too many people. 
Every semester I had two courses of study. One was art and art history. The other was military training in the arts of killing, spying, and stealth.
Before I knew it, I had unofficially graduated from all my courses. 
The war had grown particularly nasty for England. It had blossomed into a fully-fledged world war. I couldn’t have graduated from my lessons at a better time. Most of public life had been suspended due to the bombings. 
Bosworth came one day to visit me at my flat. I was living in Dublin at the time. He spent the night. We stayed up late discussing his plans for me. And the next morning, I was off.
I set out to make my way back to the world that I had escaped: Berlin.
Chapter Twelve
The Killing Kind
Berlin, 1945
86
The city streets were empty except for the secret police. They were hunting for Allied troops. They wore dark, leather uniforms. They were the elite of the Nazi military. They stormed through the streets. 
Throughout the city, I heard the sounds of gunshots and artillery fire. I heard heavy bombardment; the SS still marched and shouted. I could hear their sounds echoing from every alley and near the openings of every building on the street. I felt sorry for them. They had been fooled by a madman, as I had. 
 The sounds of a rhetoric-filled radio broadcast emitted from numerous speakers set up all over Berlin. The broadcast was a looped Nazi report that constantly updated the citizens of the war with the current news of the invasion on their soil. In addition, the broadcast spread false propaganda, making it seem as though the Nazis were still holding their city. Not to mention, the broadcast was a week old.
All of the sounds combined together and floated through the night air and onto the rooftop of Ingrid booksellers. This was the place I hid. It was a good sniper’s position. I could see the secret government building across the yard, through the trees. It was kept a secret from outsiders. Not many people knew of its existence. I was not an outsider. It was not a secret from me.
The fortified building had few windows. Two lights emitted from them, one at the top floor, which was on the second story. This room was above my range of sight. The second light emanated from a room on the first floor. There were three men in this room. Two of them were soldiers, and the third was a decorated military officer.
The British had trained me well. I recognized the officer as a general in the German forces. He was not the target, a bonus maybe, but not the target. 
I had come to embody the secret code name: Black Lion. I was not just a sniper. I was a project. My training was two years of intense combat and weapons courses. My past as a British captive was erased. My school records were erased. I was trained to kill, and I would have my chance. 
And after months of hunting him, and trying to get close again, I’d finally cornered the Führer, the fox. I had tracked him to this station. I knew he was in that building somewhere. I never actually saw him go in, but I knew he was there. 
My intel was good. The target would be in hiding because his war was coming to an end. He was cornered. Germany was on the brink of being conquered and the vultures were lining up at the gate. Hitler’s closest allies were growing mutinous toward their once beloved leader. 
I had been perched on the roof of that bookseller for nine hours. In training, my best time for waiting was eight hours. I had gone over that time; soon it would be affecting my actions. I was too tired, and it would end up costing me. I had to give up my sniper rifle for a close encounter with Hitler. The Führer was not going to come out onto the streets. 
He must have been plotting an escape plan, I thought. But I could not see one. Cornering himself in that bunker was suicide.
Instinctively, my eyes focused on a sudden movement from down on the street in front of the building’s entrance. A man stood there. I set my rifle’s sights on him. Through the scope I saw there were actually two men. 
They wore armbands embroidered with the swastika symbol. After a moment of hesitation, I realized they were Hitler’s private bodyguards. They wore black street clothing from head to toe. They were the most elite soldiers he had. They were armed with pistols, holstered under their left arms.
I recognized their guarding positions as one the British had trained me to commit to memory. The two guards at the door would have been easy for a sniper to kill. Yet, there were also two more men standing post below my position. If I shot the guards standing across the street then the men below the bookshop would rush me on the roof. And more than likely the guards that were with the Führer would be aware of the sniper’s presence. I would have to find another way. I would have to move in for a closer kill. 
I wouldn’t have lived through a gunfight with all of the bodyguards, not four at once. They were the best of the best. And they had been guarding Hitler for much longer than I had been an assassin. I was lucky to have lived through a gunfight like that once before. I did not wish to press my luck. I would have to infiltrate quickly and silently if I hoped to accomplish my mission.
I set my rifle down on the roof and stood up slowly so I would not arouse their attention. I could see the lighted window from the second floor easier now that I was standing tall. My eyes fell upon the back of a man’s head. I recognized him immediately. It was Hitler. Quickly, I raised my rifle back up to a firing position. Only seconds later his head vanished into the room. 
“Damn,” I whispered as I lined the gun’s barrel with the window. I paused for a moment in case he stepped back into my line of sight. It never happened.
I abandoned the rifle and walked to the back edge of the roof. I dropped down into the alley behind the bookstore. I pulled out my sidearm and screwed a silencer in place. I had to find a way into the building. 
The gun disappeared into my jacket. I pulled out a dirty street cap. It matched the tattered, brown jacket and gray trousers I wore. These clothes helped me to blend in as a rugged street bum. 
I knew the bodyguards probably had a man posted on every possible entrance. I would have to find the most vulnerable one.
   I walked along the streets and into a densely wooded area around Hitler’s hideout. I tried to stay out of view. I made my way just a short distance from the back entrance. Two guards were posted there. The back door was likely to be locked and reinforced with steel. 
That was why there were only two guards. I studied this entrance and realized there were definitely only two guards. Each was armed just like the ones in the front of the building. I thought if I was lucky I could kill at least one of them by surprise and maybe the other one before the man could get off a shot, allowing me to keep the element of surprise. 
If one of them fired his gun I was finished. The sound would surely bring the other guards around to the back of the building. I calculated I’d need only thirty to forty-five seconds to break through the backdoor before the others were on me. I would be dead if the second guard could not be killed fast enough. It was unfortunate I did not have another handgun to use. 
The only option that I had was to use both my gun and combat knife. It was located near the small of my back, tucked into my belt. I unsheathed it and quickly thought of a plan. I took the hilt of the knife and stood near the edge of the bunker. With my back to the wall, I moved slowly to the guards’ positions. The back entrance was around the corner. I could feel my heartbeat speed up. My anxiety and adrenaline rose. 
I tapped the hilt of the knife against the wall. It made a clicking sound. Both guards locked their attention to the sound and approached the corner. They assumed their defensive positions. The farthest guard pulled out his gun and pointed it at the corner, providing cover for his comrade. Meanwhile, the other guard approached the dark alley. I waited patiently. 
The front guard held his gun in his right hand. He crept slowly to the wall. He glanced back at his partner. The rear guard put a silver whistle in his mouth. This was to alarm the others in the event of a confrontation. 
The first guard turned his attention back to the corner. His feet slowly moved to the alley. He could see my shadow dart across the ground. With his gun drawn, his arm came around the corner first. 
My timing was crucial. Using my combat knife, I slashed clear through the guard’s wrist. His hand clumped off the bone with the gun still in its grip. 
I dove passed the falling appendage. I began falling to the ground. My firearm was pointed in the direction of the rear guard. Two bullets ignited through my silencer and cut through the air. The first hit the rear guard’s left shoulder, and the second cut through his throat. The guard fell back to the wall. The whistle dropped out of his lips. His gun bounced onto the ground. He lay on the ground, hacking up blood.
The handless guard clenched his stub. Blood seeped through the cracks between his fingers covering his only remaining hand. Then it squirted through his tightly gripped fingers. He seemed bewildered at what to do next. He tried for his whistle, but I shot him twice in the chest. His eyes filled with a fluid combination of blood and tears. These were the last seconds of his life. 
I stood up, picked up the fallen hand, and threw it onto the dead guard’s remains and out of sight of anyone passing through the clearing between the edge of the forest and the bunker. 
I stopped and stared at the puddle of blood on the ground. I saw my reflection in the pool. Now I feel sickened at what I was thinking. I remember I could see the stars and the night sky behind my reflection in the pool of blood. It had a hold on me. I felt like I was standing in a portrait of blood. 
I went to the door and tried the handle. It was locked. I knelt and looked through the keyhole. I could see the back of a large, steel bar. The door was reinforced as I had suspected. 
“Damn it,” I muttered. I had to get in. 
I stared at the door. Then I looked up at the building. There was a fire escape above a wooden fence. It looked too high for me to reach though. I looked back at the door. 
A noise came from the other side of the door. A knock sounded from the inside. It was followed by a second one. A guard on the other side of the door was checking on the outside guards. He was signaling. 
I returned the set of knocks. 
“Everything all right out there?” the guard asked from the inside.
“Yeah,” I said, trying to muffle my voice. “Do you have a light?”
“Yes,” the guard answered from inside the bunker. 
A loud noise of steel scraping steel sounded from the other side of the door. He was unlocking it. I pointed my gun at the door. The guard stepped out into the alley with a match in his hand. He lit it as he walked out. A bullet from my gun cut through the flame from the match and through the guard’s head. His body fell back down a staircase. I could hear the bones cracking together as they bounced off each step.
I walked into the stairwell and closed the door behind me. I pointed the gun both down the stairwell and up. It was completely empty. I followed the stairs upward. I walked to the second floor. I came out into a long corridor. The corridor was scarcely lit. A guard stood at the other end. Light shone from the room behind him. 
I suspected the guard was not alone in the dark hallway. There must have been another guard in the shadows. I would have to get past them if I was to enter that room.
I thought about going down the stairs and trading clothes with the other guard. I could disguise myself. I might be able to get past them, but that would take more time than I wanted to waste. The adrenaline was screaming for me to finish this, to just put a bullet in Hitler’s head. I stepped out and into the hallway. Slowly, I walked toward the guard, staying in the shadows. The guard at the end of the hall focused his eyes on my moving shadow. At first, he thought it was the other patrolling guard until I started to run toward him. 
Quickly, he raised his gun, aiming down the sight at my dark shadow. I shot first. The silenced bullets tore through him before he could fire a single shot. 
The hidden guard emerged from behind me. He began firing round after round in my direction. Without thinking, I leapt into an open door on my left. As I rose to my feet, I saw another door leading to the hallway from that same room about ten meters from me. I darted toward it at the same time I fired my gun at the wall. 
The guard, on the other side of the wall, ran toward the opening that he’d watched me dart into only moments ago. As my bullets pierced through the wall, barely missing him, he returned fire from his side of the wall. His bullets just missed my legs. Somehow, we both wound up at opposite ends of the hallway from where we’d started. We stared at each other, our eyes caught in a deadlock, our guns pointed directly at each other. 
I squeezed the trigger on my gun first, but the chamber clicked. It was empty. I had used all my bullets. The guard laughed and slowly approached me, feeling victorious. He had me cornered. I ejected the clip, letting it bounce on the floor. 
Calmly, I searched through my jacket pockets for a backup clip. Gradually, the guard closed in. He was less than three meters from me now. He toyed with me, allowing me ample time to search for an extra clip. He planned to kill me before I could insert it into the empty gun.
Remaining utterly composed, I finally found a clip. He saw that I began to pull out an extra clip and slip it into the gun. Now the guard was aiming his gun at my head from less than a meter away. I raised my sidearm. 
The guard pulled his trigger before my gun was aimed properly, but his gun merely clicked. He had emptied it at the same time I did. I smiled at him. I had counted and was sure his weapon was empty. First I shot him in the chest, then again in his stomach and head. 
My attention turned toward Hitler’s room. I walked to the open doorway and stopped over the dead guard lying on the floor within the doorway. I looked down at him. The corpse’s dark and hollow eyes stared back. Blood slid out the dead man’s open mouth. It looked black and wet in the darkness, like oil oozing from a hole in the ground. 
I pointed my gun at the open doorway and walked in, ready to fire. Hitler was seated in a chair that faced the window. 
I pulled my cap off, revealing my short, blond hair. Over the last few years, I had aged. I was a young man now. 
I entered the room and threw the cap onto his empty lap. Hitler picked it up and stared at it for the longest time. He seemed spellbound by the street cap. His eyes studied it intensely. I wondered what he was thinking. 
“Turn around,” I said. 
Hitler just sat there for a moment with no reaction. 
“I knew you would come. I’ve known for a long time that someday death would come to me. The only thing I have always been unsure of was the face it would wear,” Hitler said.
“Turn around,” I commanded, “and you shall see the face of death.”
Hitler turned his chair around slowly. His eyes were glossy and filled with tears. He looked like a heartbroken old man. The tears flowed down his pale, withered face and dripped onto the floorboards. A Walther PPK rested on a small table next to the chair. He displayed no intention of reaching for it. He didn’t resist my commands. He wore the face of a man defeated.
I lowered my gun. Hitler wasn’t going to fight me. I knew it.
“I think of you, every day,” Hitler said. His eyes clung to me, squinting, trying to recognize the boy he once knew; only now I was a man who stood before him. 
“I’m glad it’s you. It should be you. You were my child. You were a good son. You were my son. And it should be you."
He paused for a moment. Then he said, “Do you ever think about me, Willem?”
“I think of you. I have thought about you for many years,” I answered.
“Do you still paint?” Hitler asked, staring at me. It was hard for him to believe I was almost twenty-one, a man now.
“I use this now,” I said, holding up my silenced pistol so he could see it. “This is my brush now.” 
“That’s a shame. You were such a great artist. I should have never taken that away from you. I used to be an artist too, you know. I want to show you something.”
“Slowly,” I said, raising my gun again, “Very slowly.”
“Follow me,” Hitler said.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“To the bunker below this building,” Hitler said.
“I don’t think that’s very smart of me,” I said.
“It’s important. I promise. It’s something you will want before you leave here tonight,” Hitler said.
“You lead the way. Try anything and I will shoot you dead,” I threatened.
He only glanced at me. 
“You’re going to do that anyway,” he said.
Hitler stood up from his chair. We walked out of the room. I made sure to stay close behind him in case a guard shot at us. I followed him down the stairwell. We walked down to the very bottom of the stairs.
Hitler opened the door and led me into a dimly lit bunker. It seemed empty, no sign that it was a trap. We walked into one room and then through the next until we came to a study. Hitler led me through the study and into another dark room.
I held my gun out. No one was around. The bunker was deserted. 
Hitler walked over to a kerosene lamp and lit it. I could see a flicker of a shadow sitting behind him at an angle when Hitler lit the lamp. I spun around and pointed my gun at the figure. It was a woman’s lifeless body. 
“She’s dead,” Hitler said.
“Eva?” I asked.
“That’s my wife. We were married today. She drank a vial of poison earlier in the evening,” Hitler said.
“She killed herself?”
“Well that’s what we’re doing here—committing suicide. We will not let the Russians capture us alive. I was waiting for you. I’ve waited for you for years,” Hitler said. “I believed you would come. I wanted to give you enough time.”
He walked over to a large brass cabinet on the opposite end of the room. I sidestepped so that the gun was still pointed at the back of his head. 
I watched from over Hitler’s shoulder as he pulled a small, dust-covered safe out of the cabinet. It was possibly fifteen centimeters wide and ten centimeters long. 
Hitler took a pair of reading glasses from his shirt pocket and slipped the rims over his face. He settled his eyes on the combination lock on the front of the safe. He focused on the numbers. He turned the knob five times around before the lock clicked. The door on the front of the safe came open.
Hitler’s fat white hands reached into the box. They scurried through some dark objects I could not make out. My finger clenched the trigger of the gun tighter. I was ready for Hitler to give me a reason to shoot.
The Führer pulled out a small, familiar book. It was leather-bound. A crest of a lion was engraved on the cover. I recognized the book immediately. Hitler had given it to me when I was six years old. When he gave it to me the pages had been blank. Now they were covered with illustrations.
Hitler opened it. Beautiful designs of animals filled the pages. Each sketch was done with the skill of a master artist; only it was really the labor of a small boy. I was that boy. I had all but forgotten that particular sketchbook.         
“This is my favorite,” Hitler said. He held the book open with both hands. He showed me one I had not seen in ten years. It was a sketch of a lion. It was standing over cliffs. “It would have also been your mother’s favorite.”
I could feel the pain swell up somewhere inside me. The memories forced their way to the surface of my mind’s palette. All of those years, I’d lived a horrible and utter lie. I was never Peter. I was never Hitler’s son. I had lived with the wrong father. I had loved the wrong father. I had experienced the wrong life.
“I remember,” I said, interrupting my thoughts. “But you killed them. You and my father were friends. You had just come into power. And you had him murdered. That is what my mother told me. And then you killed her.” 
My mind was no longer fueled, no longer brainwashed by his lies. 
Hitler set the book down and slowly rose to his feet and turned toward me. He studied me for a moment. He could see the tears swelling up in my green eyes. They were small tears. One even slid down my face. Hitler watched as the tear became lost in my half-grown stubble.
He looked at the floor.
“I...Your father saved my life. He was a guard in a prison I was in years ago. Your father started talking to me one day. He was the only one who talked to me after I had sent everyone else away. I didn’t want to talk to any family or friends.
  Your father was the only person who talked to me about things other than politics. He was already married to your mother, Gracy. He died. Your mother was the only Jew and woman I ever loved,” Hitler said. 
I slugged him across the face with the gun, “Shut up! Don’t ever talk about her. You killed her. You never loved her. And you never loved me. You killed them both. I hate you!”
Hitler fell to the ground, holding his blood-covered face. From his knees he did not beg for his life. Instead he said, “Willem, take the sketchbook. It is rightfully yours. I want you to have it. I want you to paint again.”
“Fuck you! I don’t want your permission! And I don’t want your sketchbook!” I shouted. Hastily, I unscrewed the silencer, trembling as it came loose. I slipped it into my jacket pocket. I held the gun out and put it against Hitler’s face.
“Open your mouth!” I commanded.
Hitler stared at me. Blood covered his jaw. A gaping cut was left from when I’d struck him. 
“Open your mouth!” I demanded.
Hitler still did not respond. I pointed the gun at Hitler’s left leg and shot him. Then I glanced at the doorway to make sure none of the guards had heard the gunshot. 
Hitler grabbed his leg and groaned in agony. As he opened his mouth, I shoved the gun into it, almost certainly shattering his front teeth. Immediately, I pulled the trigger. The sound of the gunshot was muffled because the barrel was so far into Hitler’s throat. 
The bullet exited through the back of his brainstem. Smoke surfaced out of a large hole in the back of his head. He exhaled one final time. Only smoke rose from his mouth.
I looked down at him and began to cry. Within moments tears covered my face as I stared at the figure on the floor. Hitler’s body squirmed around. Brain fragments were spread out across the floor behind his head. His hands convulsed around searching for something to grab. 
I took the silencer out and reattached it. I pointed the gun at him again. I did not fire. I just watched. I wiped my face of any remaining tears and tightened my jaw. My teeth clenched together as tightly as they could. I tried to keep the tears in the back of my eyes. 
Even though I had never really known it; I had waited most of my life for this moment. I had painted this scene on the canvas of my mind for nearly a decade. It was the revenge I’d dreamed of. I’d killed before, but for some strange reason this was the first time I felt sadness from it. Out of all the men I’d killed, it was Hitler who made me not recognize who I had become.
  I watched as he tried to stand up. I was sorry and ashamed of it. The blood was already on my hands. I had to finish the job. 
I thought of my mother, Gracy. I pictured the life she was forced to live for me. My mind swelled up with blackness. I had lost the sadness and became enraged again. I forgot the sketches and the art I’d spent so much time creating. Now I wanted to destroy them. 
I shot the dying man again, this time in the stomach. Hitler lay still. The blood filled up in the wound. It was black. The bullet had ripped through his liver. I watched as the blood soaked his shirt. 
I held the gun down by my side. I raised it again. I still felt empty. The blackness had consumed me. The only thought left on my mind was of my mother. I emptied the entire clip into Hitler’s dead body. I kept shooting after the gun was empty. It wasn’t until the fifth click that I finally stopped. The body was completely unrecognizable. I stepped back from it. Blood covered the entire floor and my shoes. I dropped to my knees. 
Nothing remained of the man I was. I thought for the first time in years that I didn’t want to kill anymore. I’d always imagined I would kill Hitler, but I never planned or thought about the moment after. My entire life existed for this moment. It existed solely for revenge. And it was over. 
I stayed in that room a little while afterward, just reflecting. My thoughts traveled through my memories at lightning speed. I walked back into the study. My eyes wandered from the floor to the grand fireplace I had not noticed when Hitler had walked me through the study earlier. 
Suddenly, I was overcome with a feeling of hope. Hanging above the fireplace was a painting. It was grand. It was mine. I’d painted the canvas years before, and Hitler had taken it from me. He swore he had burned it with the rest of the artworks the Nazis had destroyed. But among his lies was that very one, because the painting hung on that wall. 
Seeing it made me realize I wanted a new life. I had to keep on. I had to continue painting. I ran to the fireplace, reached above it, and ripped the framed painting down. With as much force as I could use without harming the canvas, I cracked open the frame and slipped the canvas out. 
I held it up high. This was who I truly was, a painter. I had to find Willem again. I decided to cover the whole thing up somehow. If I didn’t, then the survivors of the Reich would hunt me down. 
 In one hand I held The Secret of Lions, and in the other I held my gun. I stared at the gun. I returned to the room that would become Hitler’s tomb and stared at his body.
 “Goodbye,” I whispered, and I tossed the gun onto his corpse. It was useless to me now.
I went back into the room, grabbed a kerosene lamp off one of the tables, and threw it on the floor. The bunker lit up and the flames slowly traced the floor to a set of embroidered drapes with swastika designs covering the wall. 
I ran out of the room and back up the stairs. I walked up to the first floor, and I heard voices from Hitler’s staff. That’s when I realized the upper floors of the building were more crowded than I originally had thought. 
The voices were approaching.  A split-second later they opened the door only to catch a glimpse of me running out the back, carrying a large canvas behind me. 
After they found their precious Führer in flames, I was gone. Black Lion was gone. 
87
Several weeks later, the Russians invaded and occupied the eastern part of Berlin. They treated their prisoners savagely. Many German officers had much rather face their own bullets then be caught by the Russians. 
One morning at the beginning of June when things were warming up, a dangerous man walked into the main Russian camp. 
Beowulf was disguised as a Russian officer.
Confidently, he walked among the troops. No one gave him a second glance. No one suspected he was a dangerous assassin. 
Beowulf entered a heavily guarded old church. He ventured into its grand cathedral. The church was gorgeous, considering that much of Berlin was bombed, leaving many buildings as hollow shells of their former selves.
Three Russian soldiers stood guard around an altar. Steadfast, Beowulf approached them. He knelt before the altar and did the sign of the cross. The guards were slightly confused but did not dwell on it too much. 
“I’m sorry I failed you, my Führer. I should have protected you. But I will avenge you. I will find him,” Beowulf said. 
He rose from his knees and passed through the guards with ease. As he neared the altar, Hitler’s half-charred corpse became visible. The Führer’s body lay on top of the altar as if he were some divine being. 
A Russian medical officer stood over him, studying the body.
“Doctor, report to me. Is this Hitler?” Beowulf asked, speaking in near-perfect Russian. 
The doctor peered up at Beowulf, almost questioning his rank, but he answered. “Yes. He was killed by several gunshot wounds. His face is mangled, but still recognizable. I think Moscow would prefer if we shoot one of his body doubles in the head and replace this body with his,” the doctor said as he circled the corpse, marking boxes on a chart that he cradled like a baby.
Beowulf nodded.
“Did you find anything on him?”
“Actually, there was one strange thing,” the doctor said. He reached into a brown bag and pulled out a sketchbook with a lion emblem on the cover. The book had Hitler’s bloody fingerprints on it.
“This was gripped tightly in his hand. We had to pry it free, breaking his fingers,” he said. 
“Hand that over, doctor. The commander will want to have it,” Beowulf said, reaching to take it.
“No, sir,” the doctor said. “The commander gave me explicit instructions not to release this into the hands of anyone other than himself.”
“Yes, doctor. Of course not,” Beowulf said. He peered around the church. The three guards were facing the opposite direction. They were out of earshot but barely. Beowulf looked at the medical officer and smiled. 
Very quickly, he punched him in the throat twice and threw the doctor’s arms up in the air. Beowulf hugged close to him and quickly stabbed a short-bladed knife into the back of his neck. He spun both of them around and faced the guards with a silenced pistol drawn. 
He watched them, waiting for them to react to the quiet commotion behind them. But not once did they shift or turn around. They stood steadfast, unaware of the brutal murder behind them.
Within moments the doctor had died in Beowulf’s arms. 
He left the body behind the altar, grabbed the sketchbook, and marched out of the church and into the night.
Chapter Thirteen
Out of the Lion’s Shadow
88
In Evan’s quiet flat at King’s College, he sat and cuddled with Barbara. Her expression was awestruck at the secrets that he had shared with her.
“Barbara, you know my secrets. You know what I’ve done. You know who I am,” he said. “I hope you still feel the same way about me. I hope you still care about me.”
“Evan, I’ve never felt this strongly about someone before. I care about you so much,” she said. Her stunning, brown eyes looked deeply into his own. 
Before she could utter another word, he kissed her.
Their lips locked passionately. For the rest of the night, they made love and held each other. Their bodies blocked out the cold, the world, and the fading memories of the war and of Black Lion. 
89
Barbara awoke in Evan’s arms. At first she didn’t want to move, but suddenly she became alarmed. She sat up quickly.
“What’s wrong?” Evan asked.
“I’ve got an early class. What time is it?”
“I think it’s close to sunrise,” Evan said. 
Relieved, Barbara turned around to face him. He stared back at her. 
His face was dark and covered in shadow. Barbara’s hands were behind his head, steadily combing through his hair. After a moment, she stretched them out and felt something underneath his pillow. She grabbed it and pulled out a gun. 
“Do you always sleep with your gun?” she asked.
“No,” he said.
“So then you just slept with it tonight because you don’t trust me?” she asked. 	
A serious look came over his face. “No, I meant that I don’t sleep,” he said.
“You were awake all night?” she asked.
“Yes,” he said. “That’s how it is most nights.” 
“Oh…I’m sorry,” she said. 
”Don’t worry. I think I’m going to sleep in today while you’re in class,” he said, smirking. ”There’s something else.” 
“What is it?” Barbara was becoming worried.
“I told you most of the story, but I left out my feelings about the night I killed Hitler. Something happened to me. I don’t know how to explain it. It was like I was born a child and raised to be a killer,” he said. He let go of her and sat up in the bed. 
Barbara sat up behind him and wrapped her arms around him. 
“You are not a killer,” she whispered into his ear.
“There’s more still,” he interrupted. “Ever since that night, ever since that second, I have felt lost, like I don’t know who I am. And perhaps the worst part is that despite what he did to me, I loved him. I still love him. He was the only father I ever knew.”
Barbara understood. After a long silence she said, “Evan, I don’t think that you are a killer. I’ve watched you for months. I have seen you when you paint and draw. You are a great artist. You are the person I have searched for. You are the person I have searched for since my mother died. You are the person I have searched for my whole life.” 
Barbara tried to look at him. She wanted to see his eyes, but he just kept facing the other direction.
She touched his cheek and turned his head toward her. He was crying. The tears slid down his face.
“I…You had better go and get ready for class. I think if they find you with me they’ll fire me,” he joked. 
She smiled.
“We’ll pick this up tonight, then?” she asked.
“Yes,” he replied. “There will be plenty of time for us to talk more. By the way, I am Willem Kessler. And for the first time, I don’t feel dead.”
Barbara got up and dressed. Willem followed. He watched her as she walked through the door to his flat. She stopped in the doorway and blew him a kiss. 
90
At lunch she went by his flat. He came to the door with a big grin on his face. 
“What are you grinning about, Evan?” she said.
“I’m happy to see you,” he said. He grabbed her in a lustful embrace. They kissed. He was so excited to see her that he hardly noticed Barbara had brought him some lunch.
“What’s this?” he asked.
“Turkey sandwiches,” she said. “Nothing fancy.”
“No one has ever brought me lunch before,” he said.
“No one? Not even Anna?”
A hint of sadness came over his face, and Barbara wondered if that remark was insensitive. 
“No one has,” Evan answered. He returned to smiling.
They sat down on the dusty sofa and began to eat.
“I have some news. Something that I wanted to tell you before,” Barbara said.
Evan took a big bite out of the turkey sandwich.
She went on to explain about Kobnhavn.
After some time, Evan considered it.
“I think we should meet with him then,” he said.
“You mean that?” she asked.
“I do. Bosworth and the British have been good to me, but I am ready to lead a better life. All Bosworth has me doing is spending my time cleaning up after people. If this guy Kobnhavn can do what he told you, then it’s worth the exposure to me. Besides it would be good for you.”
“I don’t fully trust him, but Dr. Blake does,” she said.
“Blake? He’s that new professor? He’s only been here like two semesters? I’ve not met him yet,” Evan said.
“You should. He’s great. He introduced me to Kobnhavn. It’s worth a shot. Maybe he can give us new lives. Together,” Barbara said, smiling.
“Together,” Evan said. “I’d like that. Together.”
91
Together, Evan and Barbara waited near The Secret of Lions in the art gallery. The day was drawing to an end. The sun had already begun to set. The sky outside was a thick, reddish color, like the veins of the sky were exposed to the earth below.
Evan clutched the handle of the gun tucked into the back of his trousers. He smiled at Barbara as they waited for Kobnhavn to meet them.
Two hours earlier, he’d agreed that they should meet in the gallery in front of the painting. Barbara seemed entirely confident that he was trustworthy, but Evan's suspicions grew stronger with every minute he did not show up. 
The gallery had a lot of shadows; he was starting to regret agreeing to meeting there, but he was confident in his abilities. He was in good physical and mental shape. He’d kept up with his training.
“Evan, maybe we should just give up,” Barbara said.
Suddenly, a noise came from beyond a spiral staircase. It came from the direction of the foyer. Moments later, a man wearing a dark turtleneck sweater appeared. His hands were plainly visible. Evan stepped in front of Barbara in order to protect her. His right hand remained clutched to his weapon. 
“Barbara Howard,” a voice said from the man in the turtleneck. “I can’t believe you actually found him.”
A man stepped out from behind the bulky man in the turtleneck. 
“It’s him. It’s Kobnhavn,” Barbara whispered to Evan.
“That’s not Beowulf,” Evan whispered back. “Who’s the other guy?” 
“I've never seen him before,” Barbara said.
“Mr. Kessler?” Kobnhavn asked, his arms outreached as if he expected a hug.
“Stop there!” Evan said. He drew his weapon and aimed it at Kobnhavn.
“Mr. Kessler, this is not necessary,” he said. 
The turtleneck man stiffened up. He moved unhurriedly to the side, as if to slowly flank Evan.
“Stop there,” Evan repeated. This time he pointed the gun at Kobnhavn’s accomplice.
“Mr. Kessler, I’m sure that Miss Howard explained to you who we are,” Kobnhavn said. He continued to move toward the couple.
“She did, but how do I know it’s real? How do I know you’re real?”
“Kid, you have to trust someone, sometime.”
“Approach slowly. I will hear you out,” Evan lowered his gun.
As he lowered his gun, Kobnhavn drew a silenced pistol. Before he could fire it, Evan fired two rounds in his direction. One hit him square in the shoulder.
The man in the turtleneck rushed him, knocking over a sculpture. Evan fired once, missing him. The man tackled Evan, sending his gun sliding across the floor. 
Barbara froze. She didn’t know what to do.
The man with the turtleneck slammed his fist into Evan’s gut. Then he raised another fist, but Evan shifted slightly, and the man punched the hard floor. 
Evan kneed him directly in the crotch. Then he planted both feet into the man’s inner thighs and kicked him as hard as he could. The force launched Evan’s attacker off of him.
Quickly, Evan jumped to his feet. He looked past his attacker to see Kobnhavn crouched and aiming his gun. Evan rolled into the turtleneck man and pulled him up to absorb the bullets. 
Kobnhavn fired two rounds in his friend’s back before he realized what he was doing. 
“Shit!” he said.
Evan followed the dying man’s hand to a gun that stuck out over his belt. The man was hard-pressed to relinquish it, but Evan squeezed the trigger once, firing the gun into the man’s thigh. 
Quickly, he jerked the gun up and fired continuously in Kobnhavn’s direction. Bullets ignited and launched out of the sound suppressor. After the smoke cleared, and with only one bullet left, Evan peered over to Kobnhavn. He was now slumped over. 
Evan looked back at Barbara, who hid behind a small, stone platform. Evan was not sure if it was supposed to be art or just a piece of furniture.
“Are you okay?” he asked her.
“Yes,” she answered. She was shaken up but otherwise fine.
Evan rose to his feet and approached Kobnhavn’s body.
Kobnhavn slowly turned over to face Evan. His gun lay on the floor next to him, but he did not try for it. Instead, he used both hands to hold tightly to his chest. He had several bullet holes. Desperately, he clung to them, trying to plug them with his fingers.
“Kobnhavn. Where is he?” Evan asked.
“Who?” he asked, gurgling blood out of his lips.
“Beowulf? Where?”
“Beowulf is…Beowulf is dead,” he said.
“You’re lying,” Evan said. He pressed his shoe heel against Kobnhavn’s hands. He pushed down, forcing Kobnhavn to experience tremendous pain.
“Beowulf is…” 
“He is what?” Evan asked. But it was too late—Kobnhavn was dead. 
Evan sighed. He turned to Barbara. He looked at the gun in his hands and dropped it.
“It’s okay,” he said.
“I'm sorry, Willem. I’m so sorry,” she said. She ran toward him and hugged him tightly.
“Come on; we have to leave,” he said.
“We’ll need help. I know who we can ask,” Barbara said.
92
Outside Dr. Blake’s classroom, they waited on the steps to the art building. Barbara peered in through one of the windows to the building and then returned to Evan.
“Okay, he’s still in there,” she said, taking Willem’s hand and snuggling next to him on the steps.
“Listen. Someone is going to find those bodies soon. We need to leave now,” he said.
“Okay, you go and get whatever you need and meet me and Blake back at my dorm,” she said.
“That sounds risky. Beowulf could be here. You know how dangerous he is,” Evan said.
“I know, but Blake’s class is going to be another hour. Go ahead. I’ll be fine. I’ll go and sit in it or something,” she said. “I’ll be safe in a crowd of students. Beowulf won’t get me there. I have some sorority sisters in the class anyway.”
Willem scratched his head. Her plan sounded good. He desperately needed to call the safe number Bosworth had given him. It was only to be used in an emergency. And this was definitely the right scenario.
Evan nodded. 
“Okay,” he said. “That sounds good. But don’t leave Blake’s side. I’ll meet you both here.”
“Okay,” she said. 
Evan kissed her and quietly ran off into the darkness toward his flat. 
93
Charles Blake was nearing the end of a lecture on destroyed artwork from the Nazi regime in Europe.
“As many of you know, Hitler was against art that was not pro-German,” he said. 
Barbara opened the doors to the classroom and slid in. She entered through the back, virtually undetected; that was, until Dr. Blake stopped dead in his tracks when he saw her.
“Ah...Hitler’s regime destroyed some great paintings,” he said. Blake glared at Barbara for an instant. 
“Now, I had a series of slides to show you,” Charles Blake said, shuffling through his belongings resting on a desk in the middle of the classroom. “But I can’t seem to find them. So you are all spared for the moment.”
Laughter broke out over the crowd of students.
Barbara felt a sense of relief; she had already had this course. She had seen too many of his slides, enough to fill half of the semester. 
“Since I can’t locate my slides, I guess class is dismissed for the evening,” he said. The students started gathering their belongings and standing up.
Blake raised his voice and said, “But consider this a reprieve. You will all have double slides next week.”
Barbara rose quickly from her seat and made her way down toward him before the crowd. Students filled the aisles and poured out of the classroom.
“Dr. Blake,” she said.
“Why, Barbara?” Blake asked, looking dazed by her presence.
“Dr. Blake. I’m glad I’ve found you,” she said.
“Oh Barbara, I’m sorry about your project,” he said.
Barbara stood only meters from him.
“What are you talking about?” she asked, confused.
“I was just saying I’m sorry you didn’t locate the real artist. I didn’t think you would,” he said. He smiled at her, but he was starting to sense her uneasiness.
“What do you mean?”
“You know. Your project. That’s why you’re here right? Kobnhavn was sure you had found the real Kessler. But he was wrong, right?” Blake asked.
A sudden wave of panic swept over Barbara. 
“Kobnhavn?” she muttered. She began inching back away from Blake.
“Yeah, Kobnhavn. You met with him. He was wrong. Right?” Charles Blake asked. He smiled at her, as he grew suspicious of her behavior.
“I never told you I was meeting with him,” she said. She glanced back at the students; most of them had exited the room.
“So, he told me,” Blake said. “Barbara what’s wrong with you?”
“Kobnhavn is dead,” she said.
Charles Blake’s smile slowly evaporated into his face. His muscles locked up and he stood completely straight. 
Barbara, still inching backward, retreated closer and closer toward the doors.
She looked directly into Blake’s eyes. She said, “Beowulf?”
Charles Blake leered at her. He began to charge toward her.
“Barbara! Barbara!” two of her sorority sisters said. They came prancing down the aisles. They stood directly between her and Blake.
Beowulf stopped dead in his tracks and watched closely as the sisters escorted Barbara out of the room. 
They raved on about boys and some party that she had to go to, but Barbara couldn’t take in a word. She was grateful they were there to save her life.
Together the three sisters disappeared into the hallway and merged with the student body. Barbara glanced back and saw Beowulf vanish in the opposite direction.
94
Barbara walked with the sorority sisters as far as she could and then broke free from them.
“Barbara, where are you going?” they asked.
“I’m sorry. I'll meet you girls at that party. I’ve got to go and get Lucy. She’d want to come too,” she said. She ran off toward Evan’s flat. 
She crossed through the buildings, running as fast as she could. She stopped at the corner of one in order to catch her breath. 
Suddenly she thought she heard something. She looked back, but there was nothing there. She continued to walk quickly to his flat. A few moments later she heard it again. It sounded like footsteps. She turned around. “Is there anyone there? Evan?” She shouted into the darkness.
Barbara saw a shadow on the building across from her. There was someone standing just beyond a streetlight. She focused her eyes on the figure. She saw him: Beowulf. He wore a shroud. It was black with eyeholes cut out. It was a balaclava.
“Shit,” Barbara said and then started to run toward Evan’s flat, but as she turned another corner, she saw him exit from an alley. Now he stood between her and Evan’s place. Without any other options, she retreated and ran toward her dorm. She could hear his footsteps gaining on her. She ran through the courtyard and up to the building’s entrance. She stopped and turned to look back. 
Beowulf was gone. She hoped she had lost him. She panted; her chest heaved up and down. She could feel it expanding. She gazed out over the courtyard, looking for any sign of Blake. 
It appeared to be safe. There was no sign of him. She thought about Evan. She had to protect him. She wanted to pack her things as quickly as she could and find him. 
She went upstairs to her dorm. She double-checked the halls and the stairwell, but she was alone. The building appeared deserted. 
Everyone must be at that party, she thought. 
She double-checked that the door to her room was locked. 
Time passed by and she felt relaxed. She felt silly for being so paranoid, but after the story that Evan had told her, it was a natural reaction.
Barbara found herself wanting to take a shower. She looked over at Lucy’s bed. She was fast asleep. She snored loudly. 
Barbara took off her clothes and entered the shower. She stepped out fifteen minutes later. She leaned against the sink and brushed her wet hair. It kept curling up.  
Steam from the shower condensed on the ceiling. She dropped the brush into the sink and wrapped a towel around her body. She opened the bathroom door. The steam followed her out into the bedroom. The room was quiet and still. She went to her dresser and pulled out an old, blue dress. 
The towel fell to the floor around her feet. She slipped into the blue dress. She liked to sleep in it from time to time. 
After she got comfortable, she began the process of trying to pack. 
Barbara sat on her bed and stared at her dresser. She needed her knapsack. She glanced around the room and then realized it was probably in the spot where Lucy always hid it. 
She stood up and walked to her roommate’s bed and looked underneath it. She saw her knapsack there. Her roommate was always borrowing stuff from it––pencils and other supplies. 
Barbara reached under the bed and grabbed the bag. She felt something drip on her hand. She sat back up and studied her wrist. The room was still dark and it was hard to tell what it was. Another drop fell on the floor in front of her. She looked at the side of Lucy's bed. There was something covering it. In the dark, it resembled wet paint. As Barbara got up on her knees, she could see there was a large puddle of liquid on the covers next to Lucy’s head. 
Suddenly, Barbara realized the snoring had stopped. 
She stared at the covers in complete shock. She reached out and pulled the blankets back, revealing her roommate’s head. A small portion of Lucy’s skull was exposed. Smoke still rose from a black bullet hole in her forehead. The smoke emerged and filled Barbara’s nostrils. Some of it floated up into the air and merged with the steam from the bathroom.
“Oh, God,” Barbara said, leaping back. She stared quivering. She wanted to scream. She wanted to run. All she could make her body do was stand there, frozen. Then she felt him standing behind her. She felt him breathing. She saw his shadow in front of her on the wall. More smoke rose from behind her. 
“Evan?” she asked.
“No,” a dark voice replied.
Barbara’s shoulders started to shake violently. She could feel her wet hair starting to dry. Each strand began to tingle. Her calf muscles throbbed. She thought of the day her mother had died. 
“Charles?” she asked.
“Yes,” the voice said. 
“Beowulf?” she asked, swallowing hard. 
“Yes,” the voice replied.
Barbara heard his gun’s hammer click back. It sounded like she was inside a giant clock. The sound of the hammer pulling back was the same as the sound from one of the clock’s giant cogs clicking into place.
Barbara heard a few muffled gunshots. The bedroom window shattered as the silent bullets crashed through it. Three bullets entered the room. The first bullet pierced Beowulf’s shoulder. The second hit the wall behind her, and the third cut into Beowulf’s stomach. 
Barbara was still frozen.
Beowulf stumbled backward. He returned fire blindly as he fell. Four shots fired from his gun and ripped through the air. Each headed toward a figure on the scaffold outside the window. The first two bullets hit the walls around the window. The second two cut through the glass but went past the figure.
“Barbara, RUN!” A voice yelled from the scaffold. It sounded like Willem.
Barbara didn’t wait to see if it was him. She darted toward the window. She jumped out toward the scaffold. The remaining glass shattered around her. She covered her face, but she still felt some glass cut through her arms and legs. She hit the figure standing on the scaffold.
It was Willem. He caught her, and they fell back on the scaffold. The impact forced it to suddenly drop one story. The scaffold swung away from the building and back toward it. 
“Hold on, Barbara!” Willem said. 
The scaffold slammed into the building. They felt their bones crash one into another. Barbara’s nose started to bleed. Willem held her tight. He wiped the blood away. 
“Are you okay? Anything broken?” he asked.
“I’m fine, I think,” Barbara answered.
Barbara’s window was above them. Evan stared up at it from under Barbara’s body. He saw a shadow move beyond the window. He pointed his gun up toward it. He held it there for a moment. 
“What is it?” she asked.
“Nothing, just stay still,” Willem said. He fired his gun up at the window three times. He was almost sure he’d hit Beowulf, but not completely certain. 
Quickly, he opened the window in front of them on the second floor. It was an empty dorm room. 
“Listen to me, Barbara. I want you to go to the Unknown Soldier’s grave and wait for me there,” Willem said.
“I’m not going anywhere without you,” she said, clutching him tightly.
“Barbara, listen to me. I have to make sure he’s dead. If I don’t, he’ll just find me again. I have to stop running someday. Now go to the grave and wait for me. If I am not there by sunrise, then look under the tombstone. You will have to dig a little. There is a box. I want you to take everything in it and disappear. If I don’t show up, then I am dead, and Beowulf will try to find you. You have to get away. Do you understand me?”
Barbara could feel her eyes watering up.
“Yes,” she said. “I understand.”
“Promise me,” Willem said. 
She did not reply.
“Promise me!” he yelled, jerking her once.
“I promise.”
Willem walked out into the hall. He checked it carefully before he let her leave.
She stopped at the end of the hall and looked back at him. He was already gone. She whispered, “I love you.”
Willem stopped and looked behind him. He wanted to tell her how he felt about her. He wanted to tell her he’d loved her for a year, but now he was focused on killing Beowulf. It was time to stop running. 
Willem held his gun out in front of him. He crept toward the stairs. He carefully climbed them. He knew Beowulf probably wore a flak jacket and was wounded at best. 
He made his way to Barbara’s room. The door was ajar. He opened it all the way and swept the room with his gun. He saw no one, only the bloodstains that covered Lucy’s bed covers. Her body lay underneath them. 
Beowulf killed her roommate, Willem thought. He grinned. He started to ignore the body but then he decided to check it. He pointed his gun at the covers and began to walk toward it. As he crossed near the window, he saw a figure out of the corner of his eyes. The scaffold was back in front of Barbara’s window, and there was a figure leaning against the rope. 
Willem turned and began shooting. He fired until the chamber of his gun was exposed. His gun was completely empty. He watched as the smoke in front of his barrel cleared. He saw the figure was hunched over the scaffold now.
Beowulf is dead, he thought.
After the smoke cleared, his eyes suddenly shot wide open. It was Barbara’s roommate lying on the scaffold. Her corpse rested against the ropes. Beowulf had propped it there. It was a trick.
“Shit!” Willem muttered. He quickly ejected the clip from his gun and reached for another one. 
A bullet caught him in the leg first. He fell to the floor. He slipped the clip in and aimed in the direction of a dark figure that sat up in the roommate’s blood-soaked bed. Beowulf hid under the sheets. He fired another round at Willem. The bullet severed his thumb. He screamed in agony, grabbing at his hand. 
Beowulf fired another silent bullet at him. This bullet blew a large hole clear through his hand. Willem’s gun dropped to the floor.
A forth bullet tore through his chest. He felt the bullet explode his right lung. Blood clogged his throat.
He gagged. 
Beowulf walked over and stood above him. He stared down at him. Willem tried not to cry. He was beaten and was going to die. He knew it.
“Last words?” Beowulf asked.
“Barbara…Leave her out of this. You don’t need to hurt her. She won’t tell anyone. She doesn’t even know anything. Please, from one killer to another, I beg you to leave her out of this. She can’t identify you,” Willem’s face was covered in his own blood. His eyes flooded over with tears and blood. He just wanted to tell her that he loved her.
“She can’t identify me? She’s the one who led me to you. I’m Charles Blake,” Beowulf said. He smiled at Willem and pointed the gun down at his face. 
The final bullet tore through his head and cut straight into the floor. 
Black Lion was dead.
Willem was dead. 
Epilogue
Escaping Secrets
1950 London
95
Beyond the beautiful courtyards and gardens, Barbara walked to the art gallery. She remembered the campus and all of the places she had seen Willem. She peeked behind her and noticed she was being watched. She suspected it was Beowulf.
She entered the art gallery and stared at the painting. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed an old man sweeping the floors. The image of an old ghost swept up in her imagination. It was a vision of Willem sweeping in the distance.
Barbara’s hair was now long and blonde. A shawl covered her face. She wore a dark blue dress. Barbara smiled sadly at the memories of Willem. They had belonged together.
Every single day she thought about that night in the cemetery. She’d waited for him. When he did not show up, she did as he’s asked. She looked behind the tombstone and found a box.
Barbara opened the box and found a bag full of money, a gun equipped with a silencer, and a tattered, old black sketchbook. It was the one his mother had given him. 
The sketchbook was full of sketches by Willem. The first half was done when he was a boy. The second half was more recent. Many of the drawings were of Barbara. Some were of Gracy Kessler, Willem’s mother. 
The sketchbook acted as a kind of journal of Willem’s life. Barbara held it close to her, never letting it out of her possession. Often she would flip through it, using the beautiful illustrations as reminders of Willem’s life.
Slowly, she walked out of the gallery. She looked down at her belly. It was big now. She had returned to London after disappearing for the last six months abroad. She had come home and was expecting her first child. She wanted to be near Willem. He was the Unknown Soldier.
Barbara was running out of money and had one last option. She had one last message from Willem. It was an address here in London and a name, Mr. James Bosworth. He was a special agent with British Intelligence. She was going to have to trust him. So far she had not trusted anyone. If they had found Willem, they would find her. Still, she wanted her son to be near his father. 
As the wind blew through Barbara’s surroundings, she rubbed her belly. Before she would go to find Agent Bosworth, she had one last thing to do. She couldn’t allow Beowulf to find her son. She had to protect him at all costs. Beowulf was a loose end. And she wanted to tie up this loose end. 
Killing him wouldn’t just be revenge; it would be assurance of the safety of her son, little Willem.
She could not see him, as he hid near one of the buildings, but she knew he was there. Beowulf kept his distance, but he was still behind her, still waiting for her to sit and stare at the painting, as she always had. 
Barbara smiled. She knew she would lure him into the art gallery. Finally she did, and now he watched as she began scribbling something underneath Willem’s painting. She wrote the name Willem had signed the painting with:
Unknown Soldier
She vanished into the darkness and watched Beowulf walk out to the painting. He stared at the words she’d left, confused and distracted. 
Barbara drew her silenced gun, the one Willem had left for her. Her next move would be for both Willem and her son.
About the Author
I grew up in small town in Mississippi on the Gulf of Mexico. If you liked this story and want to read more of my stuff check out www.scottblade.com or just google my name. I appreciate you taking the time to read this one in particular. I spent more than ten years writing and researching this book. It will always have a special place in my heart. 
