SALFORD TRENCHES

Crime Fiction 
by 
Mickey Scantlebury
(The scurriller of Salford)

Published by Mickey Scantlebury at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 by Mickey Scantlebury
ISBN:  978-131-082258-2

You can find other titles by Mickey Scantlebury on Smashwords too. (Crime novels featuring Amelia Hartliss, or 'Heartless', as she is known).

This title is not available as a paperback book. It was written as part of 'National Novel Writing Month', November 2014, and was originally published in chapters, as it was being written. 

Heartfelt plea from Smashwords HQ: "This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author."

CHAPTER ONE:  Digging for Victory

"We could use tanks," Captain Gibson said. "We have permission."
Against peaceful protesters? Mickey was appalled.
He looked around the Briefing Room at the team. These were people he knew and trusted. He had worked with most of them for years, but now he was thinking that he didn't really know them at all: they were nodding happily, as though shooting protesters or running over them with tank tracks was a usual part of the day's work. No! They were Security Operatives. Their job was to support the police and, in this case, prevent a riot - not start one!
It was an autumn afternoon in Salford. Mickey had packed a small bag, eaten a light lunch and driven down from his house in the north of the city, near the Manchester border, to report for duty. He knew he would be away from home for a few days, but hadn't known what the assignment was - not until he walked into he walked into the room at Regional Headquarters and saw the map on the wall. There was the A57, a main road running west out of Eccles towards Irlam; slightly north of it, the railway line to Liverpool; and just above that, the M62 motorway. In between lush farmland: small farms of chickens, pigs, mainly salad crops. The ground was well tended, with rich soil. The only problem, right then, was the drilling rig in the middle of it, working to get several thousand metres under that ground, to find oil, maybe, or certainly gas.
"They have permission to extract methane," Gibson told the troops. "There are extensive mine workings all around the area, and under the site. The coal mines have been long abandoned, but the tunnels are still there, pathways for the gas to escape. The drillers can tap into that, maybe set up a permanent borehole for the methane gas, tank it, and make money."
"And look for shale," Mickey added. That was right, wasn't it? The company had stated their intention to identify shale deposits, places where gas and oil could be extracted, using explosives. 'Fracking'. That was what it was called, wasn't it?
Captain Gibson looked pained.
"That's what the protesters believe," he agreed. "And why they've set up a camp near the drill hole. They call themselves Anti-Frackers, and they see themselves as campaigners. They don't like the way the fracking industry has boomed in the U.S., and they're determined it won't happen here in England. Terry?"
The technician stepped forward, flipped a small control in his hand, and changed the display projected on the wall. It now showed a map of the whole of North West England. Salford was slap bang in the middle.
Mickey was confused. 'Terry' was the name of the last computer geek the team had worked with, but he had been injured in a recent assignment, and had taken early retirement on medical grounds. A new man had been recruited. Unfortunately, no one could remember his name, so they all called him Terry. The tech had given up reminding them who he really was, accepting the inevitable. Just recently he had started dyeing his hair red, so he actually looked like the former guy. People called him Terry Two, which started as some kind of joke. Then it stuck.
"The drill site is right in the middle of the Cheshire Basin, which we believe rests on huge deposits of shale," he said. He pressed buttons and the map focussed down on the local area. "The company owns land to the east of the test site. If they find what they're looking for when they drill, they could set up an extraction plant here, near the road."
Right next to the airport, the small, local airport, where the helicopter station was. Mickey nodded. Corsh.
"Corsh Industries," Terry Two announced. "They have extensive land holdings all over this area, from the M62 down to the M60 motorway on the east, and the river. of course." 
The river? The River Irwell. At this point it was the Manchester Ship Canal. Yes, Corsh owned that, and all the banks along it, together with masses of agricultural land beyond. They were big landowners.
"So why isn't the drilling happening on their land?" someone asked.
Good point. If they were drilling on land they owned, the protestors wouldn't have a case.
Terry shrugged. Corsh move in mysterious ways, he seemed to be saying. Who knew what they were thinking?
Well, Mickey did. Or used to. He had been very involved with the family behind the company for many years. He had known old man Evan Corsh, even saved his life, and the grandee had shown his gratitude by giving him shares in the family firm. Mickey struggled with that responsibility for a while, then found a good cause to hand the wealth on to, a charity. The boss of that had been shot, not long ago. Mickey sighed. People he knew got damaged, he was thinking. He was bad luck.
Like Melia. She had the misfortune to have been given the 'undercover' role by Gibson in this operation. Earlier in the week she had packed her bags and gone and joined the protesters. She was one of them now. Spying.
Gibson got onto that.
"We have officers embedded in the camp," he reminded them.
Literally, Mickey was thinking. They were 'bedded' down in the makeshift tents and shelters, living the rough life around the camp fires. Sleeping out in the rain and the chilly winds of October in Salford. Not pleasant for anyone.
Gibson said: "We need to be careful. We are getting good Intel on what's happening with the Anti-Frackers, but we have to keep that quiet. If we let slip we know as much as we do, they will cotton on that they've been infiltrated."
And Melia will be in danger. Mickey sighed. God, he didn't want anything to happen to her!
She was more than a friend, but less than a girlfriend. Just lately, he really didn't know where he stood with her. They had been having an on-off relationship for years, something all the people in the team knew about. But even these interested bystanders were baffled at the unexpected twists and turns of this 'romance'. Still, it gave them plenty to talk about, when they relaxed in the canteen, as they would do after the Briefing. It was the longest standing affair between any two members of WSB, the unit they all belonged to. Their role was anti-terrorism and protecting the Realm against infiltration and attack. In between, it seemed, there was always time for love.

In the canteen, later, Mickey collared Terry.
"What do you know about Corsh?" he demanded.
They were in a corner, and Mickey was whispering. He didn't want everyone to hear about his interest.
"They're extracting peat, further down the road," Terry told him, unimpressed.
"You sure about that?"
"The computer doesn't lie," Terry declared firmly. "They had a licence. Then they lost it. Now they've got it back again. That means they have pull, right? Friends in high places? The government has got a policy against peat extraction in this country. Corsh gets around the legislation. But you know them, right? You've had dealings with them before."
Mickey nodded.
"I've read the reports," Terry Two told him. "You've been bound up with them for a while."
"Yeah, well, it's not all about me."
"No? Well, they're supposedly drilling for methane, but everyone knows they're researching the possibility of fracking in that area. What does that tell you, Mickey? It's a dangerous game. Melia needs to watch out."
Mickey stared. Now what was he being told?
"Gibson said 'operatives', Mickey," Terry said. "There's more than Melia. Of course, we don't know who. They're being run out of London office. You know what that means? They don't trust us, here in the North West, so they've sent in other people, spies to spy on our spies. That fill you with confidence?"
Captain Gibson would never tolerate interference, Mickey said.
"He's got no say in it," he was told. "Talking of London - "
They both turned, and looked at what was happening by the door. Captain Gibson seemed to be arguing with a short, thick-set woman in tweeds. She was looking up at him, and her voice was raised.
"Bridie Suiter, the Scots banshee," Terry whispered. "You better watch what you're eating."
Mickey gasped. He recognised the woman: he has seen her picture in newspapers. She was the government's favourite entrepreneur, right now. Her and her brother had set up a company to bid for Local Authority contracts. They had made millions, out of taxpayers' money. They were running schools, prisons. They had a security firm.
And food. They had the school dinner contract for most of the councils in the north of England and the whole of Scotland. Recently, sawdust had been found in the burgers. One report said they were including camel meat.
It was a scandal.
"What's she doing here?" Mickey hissed.
Terry looked glum, as if he had the answer but didn't want to share. He just looked back, as if he knew what was going to happen next. Something did: Gibson spun around on his sharp military heel and left the room. Bridie looked triumphant. When she turned to face the troops, she was grinning like a Cheshire Cat.
"Listen up," she bellowed, marching into the middle of the area, up and down between the tables, as if on inspection. "I'm in charge now. The government thinks that you military types need taking in hand. They've appointed a civilian to oversee matters. You've been given your orders for today, and you will follow them precisely. But tomorrow will be different; you will report to me, and only me. I am in command. I want to know everything that happens, from here on in."
"And Captain Gibson?" a lone voice asked tremulously.
"He will liaise from London H.Q.," she announced.
Everybody knew that that meant: he had been sidelined. This harridan had been appointed over his head. A civilian running the Unit? It didn't seem possible. WSB had a long and distinguished history. Was that all about to change?
Bridie Suiter sat herself down at a table in the middle of the room, shooing off the other diners.
"I want Section Leaders here. Now. And I want coffee. Lots of coffee."
Mickey was staggered at the way people jumped to her command. The NCO's leapt across the space and took the chairs around the table. Kitchen staff came out from behind the counter with pots and trays, serving coffee to her, the new boss, and the other important people. Everyone else looked lost, baffled.
She stood up. "Haven't you got a job to do?" she raged at the ranks of men and women.
People looked cowed, beaten. Muttering, they made their ways towards the exit, Mickey amongst them.
It's a new broom, he was thinking. And we're being swept along with it all.

In the truck down to the fracking site, people were more voluble.
"She's ruthless," one woman was saying. "The reports were that she drove off all the competition, unscrupulously. They bought them out, bribed them, threatened them. Sometimes they simply took over their rivals' companies, or else pitched prices so low, they automatically got the contracts, then, once they were in, drove the prices back up."
"Her brother's worse," someone else said, anxious to share an opinion. "He's some kind of crazy, church-going guy. He thinks he's on a mission to chase all the gay people out of Britain."
Mickey was stunned. How's he going to do that?
"Gibson is merely the first for us," the person said.
Mickey gaped. Gibson was gay? That couldn't be right!
"She's not an attractive figure," someone said, meaning her moral character.
"In every way!" a guy laughed. "But you should see her brother - he's downright ugly!"
This is getting personal, Mickey was thinking, and that wasn't helping.
They needed to keep a clear head. What had just happened - it was like an earthquake to the Unit. They should be taking some time to think about it. What were the implications? Where did it leave them?
"I'm getting out," a man said. "I've done my twenty years. I can retire after Christmas."
"I know what you mean," someone else added. "That's me finished too. I can't stand any more of this."
"We have a job to do!" Mickey said flatly.
People turned round to look at him. There was a lot of respect for the big man.
"We'll do that, mate," he was told. "But after - "
They couldn't escape the new boss. Even though they were on the move, the screen on the dashboard came alive, and there she was, snarling at them, in full colour.
"The police have brought in horses," she snapped, "but they've been forced back. The terrorists are using pikes - long, sharpened staves, braced in the ground and cut to a point at the business end. It's just like the Scots army at Flodden. I'm Scots, people, and I know my history. You need to be careful."
Her voice cut off and the screen went dark.
The team were muttering; they hated being told what to do by an 'amateur', someone they didn't respect.
Mickey was more concerned: these peaceful demonstrators, concerned citizens, worried about the side-effects of fracking, the damage to the community and the environment - since when did they become 'terrorists'? But Bridie used that term so flippantly, off-hand and casually. She seemed obvlivious to their genuine worries.
"Check your weapons," the NCO in the front seat declared.
The troops stared at each other. They didn't realise they'd be expected to shoot anyone!
"Written orders," the man in front told them. He pointed to the fax machine beside him, which was, even now, spewing out paper for members of the Unit. That was it, then: they couldn't disobey.
Mickey and his colleagues knew that they'd need access to arms, and the usual procedure was to have them put away in lockers under the seats of a minibus like this. There, they could be accessed in an emergency. But Bridie Suiter was saying something else: she wanted the men and women to be carrying their guns, concealed maybe, but on their person.
It said a lot. It said that she was expecting trouble, the sort of confrontation where her operatives might expect to need to pull a weapon, even if only a threat. But also, the set that situation up: if the guys were carrying guns, they would feel the weight of the pistol against their shoulder. It would make them more volatile, more ready for trouble.
In that situation, trouble regularly ensued.
"I don't like it," someone muttered, and Mickey had to agree. Being armed, it made him nervous.

When they arrived at the scene, it was more of an anti-climax.
The narrow lane leading down to the drill site was crowded, both with people and cars, so the team had to abandon their vehicle and walk. Their was was obstructed, not just by the people trying to get along and join the demonstration, but by those trying to leave: it seemed as though almost as many people people had been down to the front line and wanted to return as those who wanted to join in with the protest. The lines of bodies - it reminded Mickey of pictures he had seen of troops at the First World War, doggedly making their way to 'The Front'. Then the horses came along, and it looked even more authentic of those times. Still, the horses were coming away. Maybe they'd been completely deterred by the sharp stakes that Bridie had talked about. The riders certainly looked dejected, not happy that their presence hadn't been effective.
Mickey's team numbered sixteen, split into two platoons. When they reached 'The Front' they almost outnumbered the police. There were more police, of course, in total, but they were from many forces around the country - reinforcements brought in from Yorkshire and beyond - and they weren't working effectively as one unit. They seemed to have multiple disagreements between the different groups. One bunch were almost ready to leave.
"Paintballs!" a policeman was complaining. "We weren't expecting that."
The story came out: some demonstrators had brought low-powered paintball guns with them. They weren't dangerous, even at close range, but the brightly coloured paint had stained several police uniforms.
"We have to pay for our own cleaning," the police guy was whining.
Mickey was unimpressed. He was big, tough, used to a fight. He'd never been put off by a bit of colour, even if it was red, like blood. Even if it was blood. He was able to cope. It was one reason his colleagues admired him. Mickey had been around. He'd served his time in the Army, abroad in the Far East as well as Germany, then come back to this country and been recruited into the Security Services. He'd worked undercover, revealing terrorists - real terrorists - as well as protecting members of the government and visiting dignitaries. He was a loyal and trusted worked. He was tall, dark, with broad shoulders, and, some said, was more handsome that he needed to be for this job. That was one reason Melia fell for him, that and his impeachable loyalty and unswerving commitment. He was a rare type in these unpredictable times.
People felt they could rely on him.
"Why don't we move in?" he suggested. These guys can't take it? They want to go home? Fine. Let them.
"Form a line," the NCO agreed, and they spread out.
A horn sounded. A very loud horn, not an ordinary car horn. What was it? One of those gas-powered, hand-held things they carried to football matches? Well, it was coming from the lines of demonstrators on the far side of the road. Sure, it could be just a noise maker. But it wasn't.
It was a tractor.
The man driving the tractor looked like a farmer. Well, more like an actor dressed as a farmer; he had a bulky coat, multi-coloured shirt, a flat cap on his head. He leapt down from his seat and started shouting. He was tall, rangey. His face was dark and weather-beaten. He looked good, Mickey was thinking, hoping he wouldn't run into Melia. He would make a rival for Mickey.
"It's my land!" he was yelling, angrily. "Get off!"
The strange thing was, to those operatives from the Unit, that he wasn't complaining to the protestors, the obvious 'trespassers': he was aiming his complaint at the police.
A police Inspector in a peaked cap moved out from the ranks to talk to him. Mickey moved over, so he could hear their talk.
The farmer said: "I have given these people permission to camp on my land. They are committing no offence. You can leave now. You aren't needed. No laws are being broken."
The policeman looked cross. He had the clear air of a man thinking to himself: 'I will be the judge of that', but he was trained: he kept calling his antagonist 'Sir' and refused to be riled.
Unfortunately, his superior appeared, and he was less diplomatic.
"Move that tractor," he said flatly, "or I will arrest you for Obstruction of the Public Highway."
They all looked round. The tractor was parked a good five metres from the road, on the grassy verge and in front of a hedge. There was no way it was obstructing traffic. It wasn't anywhere near the road!
The police Inspector looked embarrassed, as if he should be apologising for the insanity of the Superintendent.
The farmer seemed confused. He tried to cover it by explaining.
"My name is Tony MacLawn," he stated clearly. "I own the twenty two acres between here and the railway line. All these tents, all those people there, and there, and there, are standing on my property. They do so with my permission."
"The tractor. Shift it."
It was obvious to Mickey that the Superintendent wanted a fight. He was creating a challenge, and he was daring the landowner to defy him. Then, on a pretext, he would arrest him, as promised.
Mickey turned to his NCO.
"Sandy," he said urgently. "You need to say something."
The man nodded. Though younger than Mickey, he was a good man, very experienced, in theatres all over the world. He had been part of a peace-keeping force in Cyprus, Sierra Leone, the former Yugoslavia. He knew what he was doing.
He walked straight up to the Superintendent, took his elbow and led him off to one side. His tone was flat, but clear.
"We won't be able to support you on this," he said, keeping his voice low and his conversation private.
It did the trick. Looking disappointed, the senior police office withdrew.
"I'm leaving you in charge," he said, as if accusing him of something.
Sandy came back over and nodded at Mickey. Job done.
"I won't let anyone break the law," he whispered quietly. "Even the police."
"They've got paint guns," Mickey pointed out.
Sandy looked along the lane. The police were on the right, and demonstrators lined up on the left. Behind them, the protestors, were remnants of a make-shift camp, tents, handmade shelters, bent over trees. Several fires burned lacklustrely. It was a mess, but if the farmer wasn't complaining, there wasn't much they could do.
He walked with Mickey across to the hedge and they looked over. No one tried to stop them; several protestors looked oddly as the big men in their dark clothing and heavy boots, but there was no attempt to get in their way.
"I don't like it," Sandy agreed. He pointed out the work going on in the background, the field beyond the camp: several men, and a few women, appeared to be digging. They weren't planting vegetables for the Spring.
They're building trenches, Mickey realised. They were laying a long line, from a clump of trees on the left to a proper wood far away along the thin road. There was a wooden structure there. Mickey stared, then realised what he was looking at. Hives. There was a clump of hives there, homes for bees. Someone had installed an apiary?
Sandy saw it too, and added: "There's barbed fire between these fields. If they've got access to supplies of that, they could protect the trenches and form a line we couldn't cross. Also, they'd be able to fire from cover."
Mickey agreed. It might be paint ball today, but it could be rifles tomorrow. The 'protestors' could turn themselves into a formidable opponent, hidden from view and unassailable.
It was an interesting problem. Someone in there knew what they were doing. Ex-Army? It was possible.
But that wasn't Mickey's main worry. He was thinking something else. Melia. She was in there, somewhere, with the farmer and his friends. If it ever came to Sandy ordering a charge, they would be mounting an assault on a position that Melia could be defending. How could their side ensure she wouldn't get hurt?
They couldn't. She was in danger.

Mickey couldn't see Melia, and even if he could, he wouldn't have realised he was looking at her.
She was unrecognisalbe. Her long hair was turned up in a bun and hidden under a wooly hat with leaves in it. Her trademark leather boots were scuffed and covered in mud, and the jeans that were tucked into them had holes at the knees and muddy marks all up the thighs. She was wearing a 'lumberjack' shirt, one which might have come from the farmer's washing line, but it was suffering from days of continuous wear and was dirty too, sweat stained and creased.
But her face was the most ravaged part of her. Melia was pretty, with striking features, but she had abandoned all make-up and allowed dirt to stain her cheeks. She looked like a refugee, ravaged by weeks on the road.
It was wonderful. She was playing the part beautifully.
Of course, it worked. She had been accepted at once by all the other anti-frackers. She had told a tale of helping at other camps around the country, mainly down in the South East, around London. She knew enough about what had happened there to make it convincing - thanks to briefing from Terry Two - and she was hoping that since it was over two hundred miles away, no one else would turn up from such parts. If people ever did, she planned to be a little vague about where she had been, denying the places they might lay claim to. It could be tricky, but she felt confident she could bluff her way through.
At that precise moment, she hadn't seen Mickey or the team arrive, being too far back from the road. She was more preoccupied with keeping an eye on the diggers, knowing that info about the trenches could be important to the Unit.
Her phone rang.
Melia had a moment of panic, but then she clicked it, realising that it was normal. They all had phones: perhaps one of the few things you could say about this motley band of hippies, travellers, protestors and activitists, is that they all kept in touch by mobile phone; most of them were jabbering or tapping away at regular intervals. So, Melia got a call? Why not?
It was her cousin Stan, and he was looking for his sister.
"I'm at the house, and she isn't here," he told her. "I've called. Left messages."
The house? The family house, in Swinton, North Salford, which cousin Liv had inherited when their father died. Stan lived elsewhere, in one of his other properties. He could afford to: he was a software millionaire, rich in his own right, making money with games and search programs. He could live anywhere, any country in the world. He was wealthy enough.
"She says she wants to move to London," he informed Melia, and he sounded annoyed. Betrayed.
Melia gasped. She knew Liv had finished her studies now, postgraduate research at Salford University. Of course she would want to move on. But London? That was a big step for her.
"Maybe she's gone down there," she suggested calmly. Inside, she wasn't at all calm. This was disturbing news.
"Her phone's been off since yesterday. I came round. I was thinking - I don't know what I was thinking."
Something was wrong? Liv was busy. She had the right, Melia was thinking. She felt protective towards her cousin, as if she was a younger sister, which, in a sense, she was. They had always been close, two girls, similar in ages. Similar interests, similar outlooks. But moving to London? That didn't sound at all like the Liv she knew?
"Where are you?" Stan demanded, as if he expected her to come around immediately.
Instead, Melia offered to help, at a distance.
"I'll call her," she said. "Try not to worry. I'm sure everything is all right."
"I'll stay here," he said, "and see if she turns up."
He had a room, still; he could stay there. Melia agreed that would be a good idea, then hung up.
"Excuse me," a thick voice said beside her. "Do you know - "
Melia turned. A handsome young man with sandy hair and a ready smile had just arrived. He had a guitar bag on his bad and was carrying a small plastic bag. He looked confused and lost, and her heart went out to him.
"I'm Benni Aas," he said. "The singer?" He received no response. "I know," he added. "Funny name. My father is German. Actually, my mother is too, although she was born in Micronesia."
Melia was staring, baffled. She knew they were planning some sort of concert.
"They told me not to come," he babbled. "They said Vlad Hugg has agreed to play, and, well, people think I'm copying him. But it's not true: my influences are Woody Guthrie and Bob Gibson. People say they can hear Bob Gibson in my songs."
Melia relaxed. Vlad Hugg? Yes, she knew the young singer. He had been born in Swinton too, a contemporary of Liv's, going to the same school. Still, he had 'gone to London', hadn't he? Made his fortune, and become internationally sucessful.
And Melia had saved his life, in a particularly difficult operation. Well, that's what she did: protected people.
"Come with me," she suggested. They could head on over to the digging, probably find one of the leaders there. They might know about 'the concert', whatever it was. Anyway, it would give Melia a chance to see what was being dug, and by whom. That would be useful information for her. She hadn't wanted to stroll that was on her own, it would be too suspicious, but with this young singer in tow - it was a good excuse to be anywhere. He was lost, after all. Wasn't he?
"Benny?"
"Benni," he corrected her. The German pronunciation.
"You've still got some of the accent."
"We always talked German at home," he said, as they walked across the field, round the tractor and towards the woods.
"Aas?" she said.
"I know, it sounds rude in English. I found that out early on, at school."
"But never thought of changing it?"
"I refuse to be intimidated," he told her, with a smile.
She smiled back. Damn, she liked this guy. He was tough, beneath a smooth exterior. He was nice.
"I really hope this concert is going ahead. I really feel strongly about this cause," he told her.
And you're hoping it will happen before Vlad Hugg gets here, she was thinking, maybe a little cynically. If he arrives, Benni whatever-his-name-is will be totally overshadowed by the more famous singer. He will be out of the limelight. She smiled to herself. They were all the same, these singers; beneath the smiley face, they were deeply competitive.
"What's happening over here?" he asked conversationally, not at all interested.
"Trenches," she told him, wanting to explain. They would be protection, she would say.
At that precise moment there were shouts and calls from their right. Something was happening on the road. Some disturbance. That wouldn't have affected them directly, but then stones and other missiles came flying in their direction.
"It often kicks off in the afternoon," Melia noted, turning to her new friend.
But she found herself talking to herself. There was no reply. 
Benni Aas was lying on the ground, a nasty gash on his head. His red blood was running out and seeping into the mud of the farmer's field. His arms and legs were splayed in all directions. His eyes were closed and his face was white.
He was a casualty.

CHAPTER TWO:  Battle Lines are drawn

Four hours later, Melia was in a corridor in a city centre hospital, wondering how she got there.
A short woman in tweed came bustling up to her.
"It's time to report, sister," the dwarf said. She had a thick Scottish accent.
Melia was taken aback. She had grown tired of sitting at Benni Aas's bedside, and had stepped out of the room, looking for coffee. She hadn't expected to be accosted, at least not by someone she didn't know.
"Who the hell are you?" she hissed.
The woman stared up at the dishevelled secret agent.
"I'm your new boss."
Melia laughed out loud. Then, things changed: Terry came hurrying along the corridor, looking for both of them.
"Not here," he muttered.
"Terry - "
The small woman spun on her heel and started walking towards the stairwell.
"Better do as she says, Mel," Terry said, trying to be helpful. "Mobile Headquarters. Fifty metres south, corner of the car park."
"Is she who she says she is?" 
Terry shrugged. He gave a sour expression, the look that said: 'Whatever you're thinking, Melia, it's worse than that.'
He paused at the door to the ward and stared in at the figure lying silent and still on the bed.
"What is this man to you?" he asked carefully.
I don't know him, Melia insisted. I only met him today. No one else would ride along in the ambulance.
"Good musician," Terry observed, and hurried off, not looking back.

Melia stopped for coffee. 'New boss' or no new boss, she didn't see why she wasn't entitled to a break. She found the stall on the ground floor, run by women volunteers. They chattered cheerfully as they frothed up the brew. Melia smiled, tried to relax, but it had been a taxing few days. She knew she was dressed like a tramp, and it wasn't helping her self-confidence.
Luckily, Terry's instructions were accurate, as always. There, on the far side of the car park, a vehicle. It was a camper van, an RUV. A Mobile Home. It was nondescript. The blinds were pulled down, but a light came from within.
Melia knocked on the side door and was bid to enter. She clambered aboard, squashing into a seat in front of the table. Opposite her was the woman in the conservative suit. Terry was sitting in the driving seat, to their left, twiddling with knobs under the steering wheel. He had screens down there, probably communications to Regional Office.
"How are you feeling?" the woman asked Melia.
Melia stared. She almost sounded concerned! She knew what the girl had been suffering then?
"It can't have been easy," Bridie said, then dispensed with pleasantaries. In three sentences she said who she was; what her responsibilities were; and what had happened to Gibson. Melia looked round at Terry, seeking confirmation, but the red-headed man had his head down, as if he didn't want to get involved.
There was a large piece of paper laid out across the table top. Bridie solemnly handed Melia a large marker pen.
"Write it down," she instructed. "Map it out."
Melia still had the cup of coffee in her hand. It was still hot. She sipped from it gingerly, then laid it to one side, took the top off the pen and started to construct a People Map across the blank page. It was Standard Procedure.
Melia had taken great care to find out everybody's name of the people she spoke to; then, watching them, she saw who they knew, who their friends were, and where the groups started and ended. Her map showed people in circles, with links between individuals and groups. It was invaluable: it would help techs like Terry work out people's real names, their identities, where they had come from, which political groups or parties they belonged to.
Bridie smiled. This was good; she wanted to know who these damn people were, the Anti-Frackers. 'Know your enemies', she had always been told. In her case, there were lots of them.
"Excellent work," she admitted, as Melia took another sip of coffee. It was what the Unit needed.
This girl, she decided, could stay. Others - well, she was already drawing up a list of the ones she would sack.
"We need to know the key characters," Bridie told Melia, (which she already knew). "These gangs," she said, "they might look like a disorganised mob, but they always have leaders, people others look up to. It's the law of the jungle."
Melia nodded. She'd already identified a few Alpha Male gorillas. Also, a few rabbits, and lots of sheep.
Bridie started folding up the paper. While Melia took her last sips of coffee, the new boss tried to stand up in the confined space. It wasn't easy, even for someone of her diminuitive size. She was struggling.
"I've got my own car," she announced, "and I'm going back to base. Terry can take you back to the camp in this. It's a camper van. It won't attract attention: there's lots of them in the area already."
Melia bridled. What about the singer? She had almost taken charge of his welfare.
Bridie dismissed the idea that Melia should spend any more time on him.
"I'll put a civilian cop outside his door," she said. "We'll make sure he doesn't rush off anywhere. If he wants to go back to sing, we'll give him a lift. But he's an entertainer, for God's sake, not a trouble-maker."
Melia smiled. From what she'd been told, Benni was a Protest Singer. A rabble rouser. Didn't that make him dangerous? Or at least interesting. Melia found him interesting. He was a good-looking man; she liked looking after him.
Bridie Suiter pushed that aside. It didn't matter what Melia wanted. She had her orders.
"I've got the printouts," Terry announced, coming up with sheafs of paper. "Didn't you want to see them?"
His boss had made up her mind: she was leaving. He waved the sheets aside, and told him to bring them back to Regional Office when he came. He could work on them with the Background Team, using Melia's work too.
Bridie banged out of the door, without further ceremony, and left the two young people alone.
Terry looked at Melia, and seemed relieved. Firstly, because the new boss had now left. Secondly -
"The print-outs contradict you," he told Melia, and appeared sad.

On the drive back to Irlam, Terry was quiet: he didn't really want to discuss it.
The fact is, he was thinking to himself, that Melia had been seduced by people's personalities. She had been impressed by those members of the crowd that were sociable, talkative, friendly, knew lots of the others. But that didn't tell you anything, Terry knew. Leadership wasn't about being nice to people; it was about having a vision and commanding support. Who would support you if you stood up and announced that it was time to storm the barricades?
Terry, being a geek first and foremost, wanted more objective answers. He got those from the phone records.
His team had been around the site and triangulated the whole area. They were monitoring all phone and internet traffic in and out of the site. The facts don't lie, he wanted to say. He could tell, from these records, who had links to the wider protest movement; who commanded respect for their previous efforts; who had the most experience, and the most skills, the best plans, and the means to carry them out. Who had the money and who had the resources.
The fact is, he wanted to say, that some of these people had been on a number of anti-fracking campaigns now, and they had been learning all the way: they knew what worked and what didn't. That's why they were dangerous, now.
But Terry liked Melia. He didn't want to contradict her. He that knew that - as a man - he didn't stand much chance with her. He was red-headed and spotty, awkward and gawky. Not at all like her usual squeeze, Mickey, who was calm and confident, tall and handsome. A man that other men looked up to, not down on. Still, he knew Melia liked him, in a brotherly sort of way. She was always nice to him, happy to see him. He was more like a pet poodle in her life than a real man, but he liked that. He felt part of her world, and it made him feel good.
It didn't sit well with him than he had better information than her. All in all, he wanted to say - Melia, the computers don't like.
"We need to keep in touch," Melia announced abruptly.
Terry nodded. He would like that.
"You've got an unofficial number?" she asked, and he nodded. Melia wanted to phone him? Wow.
Melia sighed. "I'm feeling a bit isolated out there," she confided. "I need someone to talk to. A friend."
Terry glowed. He was Melia's 'friend'? Well, that was good enough for him.

The traffic was worse than before. Terry drove as far as Airport Road, but then had to turn back.
"Sure, I can walk from here," Melia said. "Is there any of that paperwork you want me to take with me?"
Terry shook his head. It would be best if nobody caught you with that on you, he told her. It would give the game away.
The top piece of paper, which he hadn't got round to revealing, was heading 'Top Ten Most Dangerous'. But hey, that was just the computer's assessment. If it wasn't what Melia thought, well, he was happy to go along with her opinion. Now.
Melia swung the door open on her side and started to jump out. Then she paused for a moment, kissed her fingers and placed them on his cheek. She smiled at him. Terry smiled back, and grinned happily, all the way back to Regional Office.
Pallets, Melia was thinking, as she came up the lane to the front line of hostilities. She hadn't thought of that.
Pallets were used by trucking firms and forwarding agents all over the country. They were constructions of wooden slats, in a square, maybe one and a half metres each way. Goods were sat on them on the back of lorries and in containers, and were that much easier to move about; fork lift trucks could slot their prongs in underneath, and pull out the freight. It made loading a quicker and simpler procedure. Most food arrived at supermarkets in that way.
Consequently, pallets were ubiquitous, piles of them in every lorry park and goods yard. The farm would have a stock of them lying about, probably. Anyway, the anti-frackers had got hold of them.
And found a new use for them - they stood them up on their side, and had worked out a way of keeping them propped up, maybe by driving stakes down the middle of the slats. It meant the pallets formed an instant and makeshift fence, that was quick to erect but hard to see through. In a matter of hours, the protestors had constructed a double-height barrier all the way down their side of the lane. The police were looking irritated but helpless. What could they do? Was it illegal?
The crowds were now in front of the pallet fence, rather than milling aimlessly behind. That gave them something to lean back against, but also, because there was now simply so many people in the lane, the bodies obstructed the viw of the barrier: the builders were working at breakneck speed, behind a shield of people. Whatever they were up to couldn't be seen.
Trenches. It was more trenches.
Terry had been right. The protestors had learned from their previous failures, and were now trying something new.
One half of the workforce was busy with the barrier, and the other half was still digging. But now, since the pallets were obscuring any observation, the diggers could proceed with their own priority. It was clear that they had their own plan: the trenches, which seemed all a bit makeshift and spontaneous up to that point, now clearly made a line, all the way down from the main road towards the railway embankment. If finished, the trenches would form an impassible barrier of their own. One that would provide shelter and cover for these select, organised, 'professional' protestors.
And they had razor wire in front of them. People in protective gear and gloves were spinning it out.
My God, Melia was thinking. It's like a Military Re-Enactment. It's the First World War, all over again.
She tried to get a step back, to have a bigger overview. The trenches were heading off to the north east, skirting the wood on one side and heading for what looked like the stream before the railway. Pretty soon the diggers would encounter a low rise, a small hill, between the copse and the road. If they tried to dig through that, it would slow them down. Perhaps they would come out east a bit more, and avoid it completely.
At that moment there was the toot of a horn, and a heavy vehicle hove into sight, from between a hedge and a wooden gate. It was the tractor again, this time pulling a trailer. The farmer slammed his beast to a halt, leapt down and started uncoupling the trailer. He pulled poles off it. Scaffolding poles. Melia nodded to herself, approving the development. Metal scaffold; if they used that, instead of the wooden staves, to brace the pallets, it would make far more of a barrier. It would be solid.
The farmer had one more ace to offer. On the back of his low-loader was a small JCB, a hydraulic digger.
Melia smiled. With that pressed into service, the trenches could be finished before nightfall.

A hundred yards away, behind the police lines, Mickey was having problems of his own.
His opinions, and those of his colleagues were being studiously ignored. Dammit, the Unit had seen trouble in many different pats of the world. They had experience! They had tried to 'keep the peace' with people of all tongues and nationalities; they had a good idea what worked and what didn't. In this particular milieu - well, the consensus amongst the team is that the forces of law and order would have to go gently. There were too many well-educated, well informed and well-connected people facing them. The core of the opposition might be lefties and revolutionaries, but the cause had attracted support from all levels of society. The police needed to be cautious - they didn't want to be facing the Chief Constable's neighbour, or the fellow he played golf with.
They wouldn't listen. The Superintendent in charge thought he had the measure of the situation. Right at that moment, he was planning to send in the horses. Well, it was 'a shame to waste them', as he told his colleagues, grinning. He would order a cavalry charge, he decided, attacking from the flank and 'rolling up this rabble' in a matter of minutes, he was guessing.
Mickey hurried off to his left. The policeman was saying that he had spotted 'a weakness' there. Walking along the line, Mickey noted that it came to an abrupt end near a hedge. Why would the agitatiors leave that side undefended? It made no sense!
Mickey, drawing on his years of experience, suspected a trap.
Five minutes later, he found what he was looking for. It made him gasp in horror. He ran back to the police command unit was fast as his long legs would carry him. They couldn't charge! he was thinking. It would be a disaster.
The Superintendent was inspecting his mounted troops. He was in a high mood, ready for the off.
"You can't do it!" Mickey gasped, as he came running up. "Stand down, man. You'll be ruined."
The policeman turned and inspected this new arrival in the same way he would look at a fly landing on his lapel.
"You're from WSB," he said quietly, smug and self-satisfied. "I have spoken to your superior, a mere few minutes ago. I have explained my plans and she has given full approval. I am Gold Commander, superior officer on site, but it was a courtesy, seeing as how our agencies are working together right now. Ms Suiter is a wise woman. She understands - "
"I don't think you understand," Mickey blurted, and told the man what he had seen.
It didn't faze him at all. 
"I don't think that will present a problem, young man," he said, patronising and offensive, all in one sentence.
"I'm sure my boss - "
"You talk to her," the Superintendent suggested. "Yes, why don't you do that," he muttered, as he walked away.
Mickey realised he had little time. The horses were literally chomping at the bit. If they were going to move, it would be soon. He had - well, maybe minutes, to do something. After that, it would be too late.
He moved off to the side, and pulled his office mobile phone out of an inside pocket. He pressed the first number on Speed Dial and waited to be connected to Regional Office. Meanwhile, he moved a little further from the crowd, trying to find a quiet spot where he could hear and be heard. It wasn't easy: the demonstrators had started chanting, something about 'what they wanted'.
"Get me Bridie Suiter!" he practically yelled into the handset.
The desk officer was very apologetic. She went into town with Terry Two, he explained. She hadn't returned yet.
"This is Purple Code," Mickey blurted. That was important: 'Danger to Life and Limb'.
"What do you need?"
"Person to Person," Mickey said. Could they reach her on her mobile? Could they patch him through?
The officer made a decision. "I'm calling it," he told Mickey.
There was the sound of a hand slapping down on a button, then Mickey heard the noise of a siren going off in the background at Regional Office. That would do the trick: Management would be summoned and a call would go out to Officer in Command, automatically. It was procedure. Bridie would have to call in. It was demanded.
"You know Scottish history!" he yelled at her, as soon as she answered.
"You make it sound like an accusation," she said. She was calm, her voice purring down the phone.
"It's Bannockburn," he stated flatly.
"The Hedgehog?"
"Not the day of the battle. The eve."
She thought about that, mulled it over. At last, she murmured: "The pits?"
Yes. Robert the Bruce had mustered his forces on a hill overlooking the burn. Edward the Second and his army came marching up the narrow road towards them. When they saw the Bruce, the English fanned out and tried to mount a cavalry charge up the hill. That's when they found the pits, dozens of them. Two metres square and one metre deep, with sharpened stakes driven hard into the ground in the middle of them. To walking men it wasn't an issue, they could skirt them; but galloping horses plunged right in and were skewered. It was a rout.
"I will give instructions to Stand Down," Bridie Suiter said, again calm. Unflustered.
Mickey gave a huge sigh of relief. He almost cut the connection, but then he heard noises behind him. It was the sound of people complaining, volubly, as they were pushed aside by trotting horses. The police were moving their mounts down the lane.
Mad with panic, Mickey ran out, waving to get their attention.
"Stand Down!" he yelled. "You've been given orders!"
They didn't hear, or didn't want to. The horses rallied eastwards on the open land, then formed a ragged line and started moving forward, around the demonstrators, flanking them.
They were heading straight for the pits!
So Mickey did the only thing he could. He pulled his pistol, ran out along the hedge until he came to clear ground, took a position in the centre of the space and fired off several shots into the air.
That got their attention.

The police Superintendent took his revenge.
He couldn't do anything to Mickey, and he couldn't complain to his higher authorities, since British Intelligence outranked county police forces, and when the order came from Bridie, he had no choice but to demur.
So he turned his forces on the demonstrators.
Police men jostled the protestors into the road, then arrested them for Obstructing the Highway. They pushed and shoved them, and if they pushed back, they were arrested for Breach of the Peace. Then one Sergeant had a bright idea: he got his men to bring their breathalyser kits from the cars and they started testing all the public for drunkeness. People were forced to blow into the machine, and if the light turned red, they were immediately arrested for being Drunk and Disorderly. Since it had been a relaxed and good natured demonstration - up to that point - plenty of them had taken a drink.
Only one man objected.
"I'm arresting you for being too drunk to be in charge of a vehicle," he was told. "Your vehicle will be impounded and you will be taken down to the station for immediate processing."
"I live in Irlam," he complained. "I walked here."
Mickey was shaking his head in wonder. This beggared belief. There had been no provocation. If there had been taunting and insults, it had been on the police side. This wasn't going to end well.
"You don't want to arrest me," a tall man was saying. "My name is Corsh."
Mickey moved closer. He didn't recognise the dark-haired stranger. Could he really be one of the landowning family?
He was smartly dressed, certainly, but was carrying no case, no bag. He had a plain mac over his striped suit. He could be a business person, but he looked out of place. There was no desk for him to sit behind.
"I am Mr Corsh's lawyer," another chap said, hurrying up. "You may wish to summon your superior."
The policeman looked baffled, and simply stopped, immobile, confused. Well, if he wasn't going to 'summon' anyone -
Mickey found the Superintendent sipping tea and looking pleased with himself. He was happy to put a stop to that.
They went scurrying back down the lane and found the uniformed office still facing the two men in suits.
The lawyer said: "We are here with an Injunction. Issued in the County Court, it gives you the power to clear this land."
The Superintendent took two deep breaths, then smiled, as if Christmas had come early.
"This might be exactly what I need," he said, and offered to shake the alleged 'Mr Corsh' by the hand.

One hundred yards away, Melia was trying to stand back from the melee and call the office.
She felt they needed to know what was going on. It was a travesty! None of the charges would stand up in court, of course, and it would look bad when the defendants were discharged. Worse than that, the fields and lane were crawling with reporters, journalists and TV crews: some of the most blatant infringements were being recorded. It was a disaster.
"Ms Suiter wants to speak to you," she was told.
Good, Melia was thinking. The boss understands the gravity of the situation. Maybe she can put a rein on the police and stop them doing things they might later regret. Whatever had happened with the horses - and she hadn't been close enough to see - she guessed that Regional Office had stepped in.
"Melia," Bridie said, sounding reasonable and organised, "you have to stop them digging on the hill."
Melia gasped, stunned. What was the old bat talking about? She hadn't expected anything like this.
Bridie said: "You have given us a clear description of the progress of the trenches, and we have confirmed this by satellite imagery. The line is approaching the low hill on the side of the wooded area. You must instruct the diggers to circumvent the area. If they insist on completing the line of trenches, they must do so in a more southerly direction."
Melia muttered something. She would try her best.
"No, this is absolute," her boss said evenly. "No contradiction. The hill is sacrosanct. It is an A1 Disposal Site."
Melia nodded to herself. Okay, yes, she had heard of something like that. 'A1' meant it was information that was only known to Security Services, people like herself. If it was a 'Disposal Site' then that could be anything - chemical, biological waste, radioactivity. Now, that would be really worrying -
Her phone beeped again. She took it away from her ear and looked at the Caller I.D.
"Hold on," she told her superior office. "I've got another call coming in."
Melia heard Bridie Suiter gasp, as if she really couldn't understand how anyone could be more important than her.
But it was, to Melia. It was Family.
Stan blurted: "Liv's in hospital. She's had some kind of accident."
Melia found herself gulping in air. She was struggling to speak. It was terrible news!
"Where are you?" she managed to ask.
"The Royal. Down on the Manchester side."
Melia weighed that up. Where she had just been?
Have you seen Benni Aas? she asked her cousin.
"Sure. Good singer. He's on a side ward here. Giving the doctors grief. He says he's coming back to see you, and finish a concert, or something. He wants to check himself out, but he can hardly stand."
He mentioned me? Melia was thinking. He was conscious?
Stan was considering. "You know he's a damn sight more self-aware than that Vlad Hugg you rave on about. I think Benni understands folk music, which is more than I can say for the pretty boy. You seen him recently?"
No, she hadn't, Melia could have told him. Not since I saved the youngster's life.
"You'd better get down here, if you can drag yourself away," Stan said, sounding unstable.
Wait a minute, Melia thought. He knows where I am? Has he worked out I'm undercover yet?
"Tell me about Liv," Melia insisted.
Stan was abrupt. "I'll tell you when I've found things for myself," he snapped, and cut the connection.
Melia stared at her phone. It was suddenly dead. Stan was gone, and so was her previous caller. Whoah-oh, I'd better phone in and apologise at some point, she thought to herself. Her new boss wasn't going to like what she had done, and there might be repurcussions. Meanwhile, she had Cousin Liv to think about? An 'accident'? What kind of accident? Stan had said she was thinking of moving to London. Had she gone down there? Was it a car accident?
Her thoughts were rudely interrupted. A gaggle of protestors brushed past her, heading for the road. She recognised the man in front, the one with the dreadlocks and the multi-coloured jacket. His name was Muddy. Well, that was what they called him recently, mainly because he always seemed to be up to his neck in mud. He was one of the chief diggers, also, maybe one of the chief strategists. Not in charge, exactly, but people listened to him.
She could tell him about the Disposal Site. Well, no, not tell him about that. But warn him off digging the hill.
Melia tried to catch up, but people were hurrying, as if intent on some purpose.
She grabbed a girl's arm, and asked what the fuss was all about.
"They're bringing in the bigger drill," was the excited reply.
Melia nodded at that, and kept walking. It had been a rumour for days: the fracking company had got to the full depth that their existing drill could reach and still the hole was dry. They needed a bigger drill to really get down to the shale layers that they needed to explore. However, there was nothing like what they needed in the north of England. They'd had to send to Scotland.
What Melia didn't know was that the machinery had arrived days earlier and been stored in a spare warehouse at the airport, out of sight, after the Superintendent had warned the explorers that he couldn't guarantee their safety. They could try bringing it down the lane and onto site, he remarked drily, but it would only lead to trouble, and there might be casualties.
Now, things had changed. The arrival of the Court Injunction had spurred the police chief to be more bold. That, and the fact that he'd really enjoyed the last few hours, letting his men and women loose and watching them bang heads together. Unwisely, he had come to the wild assumption that his strategy was working. He couldn't see that it might rebound on him.
What he didn't know, and hadn't been told, is that the fracking site had been mentioned on the TV news that night, and it had stirred up a lot of new interest. As soon as the lorry carrying the new drilling rig pulled into the lane and started to try and make progress towards its destination, it seemed that it met a wall of seething humanity. The lane, the surrounding fields, the roads leading up to the lane, and all the verges, were swarming with new arrivals - some supporters, some ghouls, looking for trouble, some committed, some uncommited, some wavering.
The problem was that they all got in the way, of each other, of the police, and of the drill crew. It was a mess.
On the opposite side of the fence, Muddy and his immediate possee were shouting with glee.
"People are lying down in front of the lorry!" he screamed in delight. "We're winning, folks. We're winning!"
Melia stared. That was impossible, wasn't it? It couldn't be happening.
It was her job to make sure that they didn't win!

CHAPTER THREE:  A long night

Melia was awake. Again. She couldn't sleep. It was mostly the sound of the guns keeping her from sleep.
It was Farmer MacLawn's problem: he had pigs, chickens and polytunnels behind the farmhouse, growing veg - almost a small Market garden - but he couldn't make any money from any of that. Instead, he had to diversify.
One of his first money-making projects was Paintballing. (That's why the protestors had managed to get hold of the paint guns so easily.) He allowed grown-ups kids and adults of immaturity to run around his orchards and woods in camouflage gear, pretending to be real soldiers - but shooting each other with nothing more damaging than small plastic pellets of brightly coloured paint. That was fairly popular, especially with big companies, who booked the days and called them 'Team Building' and 'Management Enhancement' Days. The farmer didn't mind; he watched them run around, fed them sandwiches and beer, and took their money.
Then he started on real guns.
There were rabbits in the hedgerows and pigeons in the trees. For a large fee, those same corporations - or privately wealthy individuals - could hire a small shotgun and stalk the game. There were also pheasants, apparently, but only in season, and rats, (for the people with a really keen eye). For an extra charge, they could strap infrared goggles on and go out at night. That was one reason that the agitators weren't allowed in the woods at night - they might get shot. Yes, really shot. Not pretending.
The steady thump of the guns was augmented - temporarily, at least - by the huge bangs and wild screams of fireworks. It was that time of year, firstly Halloween and then, shortly after, Bonfire Night, so everyone in the vicinity, townie and farming family alike, were setting light to gunpowder and lighting up the night sky. Melia was disturbed, but she couldn't help thinking about Mickey, (and other members of his team) - people who had actually been out in a war zone. For them, the constant crashing and banging must bring back awful memories and traumatic thoughts. She couldn't begin to imagine what they were going through. At least it was only keeping her awake: for them it must be torture.
Then there was the dogs.
The farmer opened his cattery almost as soon as he bought the farm, four years ago. Looking after people's pets while they were on holiday was bound to be a nice little earner, he guessed. He had the barn space, and even added a new building when business built up. It was strictly cats only at first, but after twelve months, he added dogs to the list of tame animals that could be lodged with him. His income shot up, and he started to break even on household costs. The only downside was the endless barking at night. Didn't they ever sleep? Sometimes, maybe, but not when fireworks were going off.
Melia, tossing and turning in her sleeping bag, began to get an insight into just how bad it would have been in 1914, the endless thud of the guns, explosives, and whizz bangs. Well, they'd managed to recreate that sense of a battlefield, right here in Salford. Quite an interesting way to remember the sacrifice of that previous generation.
Melia looked out through the flap of her tent. She had bedded down in one of the shared tents, arranged around a central campfire. It meant she had the pleasure of having people around, but she was beginning to regret that decision; it was noisy all the time there too, people talking, laughing, drinking, and - worst of all - singing.
For some reason which she didn't really fathom, it seemed that no protest camp was complete without at least one person banging on an old guitar and singing protest songs. The '60s had been quite a dire time, she'd always thought, and the dreadful dirges composed at the time, didn't add to its reputation. These people, she sighed, they were always going to 'overcome'. Did they ever manage to do that? They were always protesting. Did they ever win the argument?
Melia struggled into warm clothes, crawled out of the tent, and approached the camp fire, still burning steadily, since it was constantly topped up with pieces of shipping pallets. Sparks flew everywhere, but the heat was welcome. The smell of burning wood took her back to her childhood, and Bonfire Nights in her own backyard. That made her smile. She looked kindly at the strange mix of bodies, some lying on the ground, some sitting on logs and stacks of wood. She was offered a bottle, a can to drink, some drugs, and a chance to sit next to the nearest guitarist; she turned them all down. Over to one side, on the lip of an established trench, someone was kneeling in the mud, nursing a small gas stove; they had a kettle bubbling happily, and smiled when they saw Melia. Coffee?
She could have kissed them.
Standing with her back to the big fire, warming gently, sipping the steaming mug of coffee, it was an eerie scene in the faint moonlight. And there, in the distance, she could see that some protestors were still digging - guided by torchlight. God, they must be desperate, or committed! Did they never rest? Maybe they slept in the day, she wondered. Maybe they never slept. Maybe they didn't need to sleep. Sing or dig, that seemed to be the choice.
Looking around, scanning the faces of the singers in the guttering firelight, she noted one thing: no Vlad Hugg. He hadn't arrived, then. Whatever the plan for the forthcoming concert, he wasn't there to star in it. Not yet.
A man was tending the stove and boiling the water, but his girl companion had a different interest. She was hunched over a laptop computer. How did she get power for that, Melia wondered. How did she charge the batteries?
"The snipers are busy tonight," the girl told Melia. She was scratching her dreadlocks, as though her hair was itching.
Melia gasped. Had she heard that right?
The girl flashed her green eyes and waved vaguely over to the road, the field beyond, and the lane.
"The trees have got guys in them," she told Melia. "They've got cameras with powerful telephoto lenses. They can pick out a face from a hundred yards, and that's what they are doing. They want to identify all of us, so the Security Services can swoop later, pick us all up. Arrest the lot of us. That's their plan, isn't it?"
Melia looked blank. Why, she was part of British Security Services, but nobody had ever mentioned this!
"They put the photos up on Social Media," the girl said, "almost as soon as they take them. Digital cameras linked wirelessly to tablet computers. They've got all the latest gear, of course. Why not? The taxpayers are picking up the bill."
She turned the screen round to let Melia see. It showed a website and lined up across the page were a series of faces. From the lighting, Melia could tell that some of the pictures had been taken at night. Maybe very recently.
The caption read: "Do you know these people?"
So that was it. The idea was to use social media to name the perpatrators, maybe by getting their friends to link to them. In effect, use their pals to get them into trouble. It was a devilish scheme. Worthy of Bridie Suiter.
What surprised Melia most was the fact that it all happened almost instantaneously. The spy might be in the tree, balancing a long lens on a branch, but within minutes the image would be all over the world.
Ah, the wonders of modern technology!
"Check your account," the girl said, inviting Melia to sit down beside her.
Melia took the proffered place, on the log, and balanced the laptop computer in front of her. She finished her coffee.
She hadn't got the point, at first, but then, following the girl's instructions - photos of the camp were on a government website; on news media, TV and newspapers; on local government sites... the list went on and on. Then, Social Media, FacePlate and Jigger, and all the photo sharing sites. Somehow there was a dissemination program set up already. It spread wide.
On a whim, Melia went to her FacePlate page. It was a Private page, nothing to do with her work, but somehow - Well, they had got her name from somewhere, and she was on the target list. Only in the last few days, but she had been sent pictures, updates. She was getting comments. Did they know who she was? Who was sending it? On the family -
Melia gasped. There were contributions from her cousin, Stan.
It was nothing to do with the Camp, but everything to do with Liv, and her recent harrowing experience.
Stan had said something about an 'accident', but Melia was pretty sure he hadn't mentioned trains. Liv had been in a train crash! Melia couldn't believe her eyes, because Liv had not just been there, but recorded it all, maybe on her mobile phone. Looking at one pic after the other, Melia was able to piece together the whole story.
Cousin Liv was nowhere near London: she was on her way to Blackburn. The train was small, only a few carriages, and crowded. There were pictures of people, looking bored, staring out of the window. There were photos taken looking out of the window at the countryside; it was green, lots of trees, fields. Melia didn't realise it was so rural.
Then, tragedy struck. The train was going through a long tunnel, just before Darwen. Maybe there had been subsidence, maybe a previous train had hit the side and caused a slip. Whatever, Liv's train was speeding through the tunnel, going at a fair speed, when it smashed straight into a pile of rubble, and came abruptly to a slamming stop. People and baggage were thrown everywhere. There was panic and shouting, (Liv had recorded short video clips as well, and these had sound.) The main lights went out, and the resulting darkness caused screams. Then the Emergency Lighting came on, and harrassed faces stared out from the gloom. One man banged on the small glass panel by the door and grabbed the small metal hammer hanging there. He started whacking at a window, but it wouldn't give.
It was up to Liv to be sensible. She told people to follow the instructions printed by the door frame, wind the door open and climb down onto the track. It wasn't an electrified line, so the passengers were quite safe to make their way back in the direction from where they'd come and reach open air. Many used the lights on their mobile phones as torches, to light the way, then, when they'd made it to the tunnel entrance, they singly and collectively called all the emergency services, to bring aid and stop and more trains flailing down this stretch of line, thank you very much.
When the fire engines and ambulances arrived, people were checked over by paramedics and most were pronounced fit enough to wait for the replacement bus that was coming, sent by the train company. Liv was unconscious, so she went to hospital.
Stan's comments explained the rest. He was notified of the accident by the nursing staff, who found his number on Liv's phone, marked as 'Next of Kin'. Panicky, and worried, Stan wasn't reassured when he arrived and the doctors told him they weren't sure what was wrong with Liv, and they'd have to 'run some tests'. The general opinion was that she might have damaged something when the train came to that crashing halt. Maybe it was 'internal injuries'. But it hadn't stopped her at first, Stan protested to the medical staff, who simply looked at him pityingly. These things sometimes took time to emerge, they told him.
So, Stan was sitting at a vigil at his sister's bedside, publicly speculating about where their cousin Melia had got to, and why she wasn't answering her phone. I can't, Melia wanted to yell. I'm undercover.
It was tempting, so tempting, to add some comment to Stan's diatribe - which is what Social Media was for, after all - but Melia realised she couldn't do that without giving too much away about what she was up to.
No, she'd just have to wait till morning, and find some way of getting out of there and down to the hospital.
"Everything all right?" the girl asked, as Melia handed her computer back to her.
"Fine," Melia lied, smiling. "Absolutely fine."

It was 6am when Melia awoke again. She poked her head out of the tent, and the sun was just coming up, weakly.
She paused. Where was she? 
She felt disorientated. It wasn't the same tent she'd first gone into last night. Then it came back to her: she had been talking about the noise, the disturbance, and someone had offered her the use of their tent. It was smaller, and out of the way, they said, behind a stack of pallets and near the hedge. It would be quieter there, they said. It was. She went straight off to sleep.
But something had woken her up. Some shouting -
She pulled herself upright and staggered along, past the smouldering fire and towards the pallet wall, as it would along the lane. There was a crowd further on, protestors, demonstrators, chanting, shouting. What was the fuss all about?
They were repelling a police attack.
Melia could just about see over the pallets, and she saw that about fifty yards along, near the low hill, a mass of police personnel filled the lane. They were attempting to scale the wooden wall, and some had sledgehammers to knock it down.
They weren't doing so well. They were being forced back by the enormous pressure of fire hoses.
Approaching closer, Melia saw that the defenders had uncoiled the hoses behind them, across the trenches, and into the stream that flowed by the wood. They had pumps, diesel pumps, chugging steadily, (supplied by the farmer, no doubt, and probably intended to fight fires on the farm: he wouldn't want to lose the barn). Also, some hoses went through the hedge behind them. Melia knew what was there: the fishing ponds. It was another money-making venture by the ever resourceful farmer; he had identified some low-lying land, built banks around the space with his JCB digger, and was filling the depressions, slowly, with water from the stream. It was a useful resource now, providing the protestors with a ready source for their hoses.
The police, soaked and dispirited, were starting to withdraw. The attack had been repelled. It wasn't that that interested Melia. There was something else entirely that preoccupied her.
The demonstrators would have needed time to prepare. That meant they must have known the police were coming. There was only one possible conclusion: they had an informant in the ranks. So they knew everything. 
But why didn't she?

A hundred metres to the east, Mickey was sleeping fitfully in a van.
His Unit hadn't been informed about the police plans, and weren't involved in them. That left them to make what use they could of their transport and equipment. Someone back at base had forgotten to pack any tents. Maybe they thought the troops wouldn't be staying. But they had to: the situation was just far to volatile to leave it. Anything could happen.
And it had. The Superintendent had consulted his map, picked a likely spot, and ordered a dawn raid. It hadn't worked, but that didn't deter him. He was made of firmer stuff. He would order his men in again, when the time was right, he decided.
He was pre-empted. The cold light of dawn brought a new arrival: Bridie Suiter.
She was dressed in a strange mixture of camouflage top and combat trousers. It had her legs look even shorter and her bum look even bigger, but she wasn't there to make a fashion statement. She had arrived to kick ass.
"Last night," she told the police chief, "I ordered you to Stand Down. Now I'm telling you to move forward."
The policeman was baffled, but he was the last person to turn down an opportunity. Excitedly, he began telling the high-ranking person from national Security how he had ordered his men and women to harrass the demonstrators, push them around, and arrest them on trumped-up charges.
Bridie nodded in satisfaction. "That sounds good," she admitted. "I want that. And more."
In the next hour, the ranks of police were assembled, lined up, given orders, fed with bacon rolls and strong coffee, and sent into action. They advanced, finding supporters of the anti-Fracking cause asleep in cars and rolled up in sleeping bags on the verge. The people were herded into police vans and driven back into Manchester for processing: the cars were confiscated.
"Is that legal?" Bridie asked, more out of curiousity than interest.
"It worked at the anti-nuclear camps in the 1980s," the policeman told her. "When supporters found out they might lost their vehicles, they were less likely to try and bring them onto site."
"Wonderful, wonderful," she replied. This was so unfair: people were being framed, put up for prosecution on the flimsiest of fabricated evidence. It reminded her of when she first bid for government contracts: they bent every regulation, twisted every rule in the book, then threw away the book. It was thrilling.
Best of all, they were making space. Starting at the south end of the lane, the forces of law and order were steadily starting to clear the area. The sight of empty grass verges and bare kerbs was exciting.
"You know what this means," Bridie told the police chief, like Napoleon talking down to one of his junior Generals. The policeman responded positively. "We can bring in the drill now," he was told.
The last attempt at delivering the drill to the place where it was actually needed floundered when people lay down in front of the lorry. There weren't enough bodies left for them to try that, Bridie observed. This time it should work.
Mickey was bleary-eyed in the Unit's minibus, near the main road, when the huge lorry came creaking past his window. The drill? He staggered out of the van, pulling his uniform back into shape, and watched with wonder as the vast lorry inched along the narrow lane, around the bend, over the potholes, towards the distant field.
"It's getting through," Sandy observed, standing at Mickey's elbow. "There's nothing for us to do."
But there was, when the injuries started.
Mickey, his superior Sandy, and a few others of the team, walked back to the main road and along to the lay-by, where they found a burger van already open for business. The produced money and the woman was happy to hand over bacon rolls. Bacon, the universal pick-me-up. The men in black were standing, eating happily, when they heard the scream of sirens and saw ambulances approaching from Irlam. Hastily, they finished eating and followed the flashing lights back down the lane.
It was Bridie's fault.
She had given strict instructions to the driver of the wagon. 'Push on through,' she said.
To her, it made perfect sense. It was the philosophy that had taken her and her brother to the top of the business tree. From the first day they got involved in tendering for government contracts, well, they'd run into opposition, of course they had; they were the New Kids on the Block, unknown, untried, untested. They had to prove their worth. When that didn't work, they started bribing people: that worked. They greased a few palms and soon they were able to grease a few school kitchens. Soon, it was a lot. After a few years, including buying up rival firms and driving others out of business by undercutting every other contractor, they soon had the majority of the work. Not long ago they had won an award for Innovation in Business, but really, nothing they did was knew: mostly they copied their methods from the Medici in medieval Italy. The Borgias, that was another favourite.
Of course, nobody had laid down in front of their dinner trollies. Actually, there had been a boycott in Derby: the school kids all refused school dinners and went to the nearest takeaways. It was a protest, of course, but then the Suiter twins bought up all those hot food shops. A week later they instituted a new policy for them: closed at Lunchtimes. That brought the little horrors back in line. The youngsters were soon queueing up in school again, especially when Suiter Supplies scrapped all those infuriating 'Healthy Options' and started serving chips and gravey, pizza and kebabs, which was all the kids wanted, anyway.
Bridie had a philosophy, an outlook on life. If she had been at the wheel of the lorry, she would have responded to the challenge in the only way she knew how: put her foot down. When the driver under their instructions did the same, he crushed people.
Ms Suiter was actually shocked. She really hadn't expected people to act so dumb. Sure, it was fun to say 'No', but when you're about to get rolled over, you pick a new option, right? Suicide made no sense. No point in being stupid.
But they were. These protestors, these demonstrators, they had no Common Sense, Bridie concluded. They were willing to risk life and limb, so they lost them, limbs that is. The ambulances came in the scrape them up.
By that time, the police Superintendent was screaming at her. Reluctantly, she had to listen.
Not the least of his problems, at that precise moment, was that the Police Commissioner for Greater Manchester had given him a call and said that he would come 'straight down'. He was on his way.
"He's an elected politician," the policeman explained. "He has no idea of the pressures we're under."
Bridie rounded on him. "Then get those monkeys out of the lane," she yelled, "get the injured to hospital, and push the drill on through! How long have we got? It shouldn't take more than thirty minutes."
The police chief realised he was in a trap. He had gone down the road the Suiter woman had shown him, literally, and it was too late to back up now. He stood up, raising himself to his full height, and started shouting orders.
He rounded up his full force. That wasn't easy: some were by the road, directing traffic, but he called that off that inessential job. Some were lined up along the fence, 'keeping an eye' on things: he pulled them over for new duties. Some were around the lorry, alongside and behind: he told them to focus on the front.
Soon, he had assembled a massive wedge of blue uniforms in the vanguard of the vehicle. They were ordered forward, en masse. Thus, by sheer weight of numbers, they began to push the protestors aside and leave space for the wagon to move, inch by inch, towards its destination. For a time, they seemed to be winning.
Mickey and pals were behind the procession. They hadn't been asked to take part, and there seemed to be too few of them to make much difference either way. For the moment, they were observers.
Which meant they saw the next threat before anyone else.
"Who the hell are this lot?" Sandy muttered, looking behind them.
It was a baffling sight. Apparently from nowhere, a huge contingent of new people arrived, tramping up the lane towards them.
They were all shapes and sizes. All ages. All colours. In fact, that was what made them different: the clothes they wore were brightly coloured too, printed fabrics that looked African, trailing scarves and head-dresses.
"Foreigners?" Sandy seethed, resenting them immediately.
"That's right," Terry said, panting and gasping for breath.
Nobody had noticed him arrive. He'd been sent down from Regional Office to update the team, but had been forced to leave his car in the lay-by on the main road and proceed on foot. He'd seen the new contingent flooding up the road from Irlam, and started running, to get to his men before them. It was a narrow win. They were right behind him.
"Explanation!" Sandy demanded.
"There's a Detention Centre the other side of the airport," Terry Two told him, still short of air. He wasn't used to exertion.
So? What kind of 'Centre'? Sandy demanded. How does that matter to us?
"Refugees and Asylum Seekers," Terry said. It was a bit of a secret, he added. Not many people knew about it, not even the Police Commissioner for Greater Manchester. It was talked about on a strictly 'Need to Know' basis.
Sandy was still annoyed, slightly anxious about how they were going to deal with the crowd, since all the police personnel were at the front of the lorry, and worried that he might be called on to make a decision. He wasn't used to that.
"They've escaped," Terry said. Scaled the fence. It was a sort of a 'Mass Break-out'.
"Someone needs to tell Bridie," Mickey suggested.
"Rather you than me," Sandy told him.
Mickey looked him up and down. Yes, that seemed about right. Sandy was 'in charge', that is, until it came to doing anything.
He started moving, along the hedge, brushing past chanting demonstrators, shouting men, women and children. He came up to the back of the lorry, still moving, relentlessly, and found Bridie walking beside it.
She was ecstatic. Her plan was working, she had decided. Nothing would stop her now.
"It's Stalingrad," Mickey shouted in her ear.
She turned, annoyed to be interrupted when she was so happy.
Mickey was there, shaking his head sadly. It wasn't the Vlad Hugg song he was talking about.
In 1942 the German Army had become pinned down, laying siege to the city of Stalingrad on the Volga. They had the place surrounded, but couldn't take it. Victory was eluding them. It was taking time, which was what enabled Stalin to assemble a huge second army and send it in to relieve the beknighted defenders. The Germans were caught in a trap.
Bridie Suiter had studied history. She knew the art of war, and saw the dilemma in an instant. All her 'troops', the boys in blue, were at the front of the vehicle, pushing back the forces of protest. They were vulnerable; if reinforcement arrived behind them, then they could be crushed, squashed between two opposing 'armies'.
The only problem was, there was nowhere for them to go. They had no line of retreat - that was being cut off by the new people in their colourful clothes. The police couldn't go sideways, either - there was hedgerows on one side, trees and fields, and on the other side, the pallet fence constructed by the agitators, and beyond that, the new trenches.
Bridie's army was facing a rout.
She needed a miracle. Luckily, one arrived, in the form of a lawyer.
"Pittsburgh Legal," the man in the suit said, pushing his hand and a paper into Bridie's fist. "I need to talk to them."
As if by divine intervention, Terry had brought a megaphone. He was there, beside Mickey, and he handed it over.
"Muddy!" the lawyer yelled. "I need to talk to Muddy, right now. Mr Corsh has sent me."
Everything stopped. The lorry stopped, and switched off its engine. The singing stopped, the shouting faded. For a moment or two, there was absolute silence. Then a small voice came floating in from behind the fence.
"That's me," it wailed.
The man in the suit gave Bridie a look of satisfaction. I knew they'd talk to me, it seemed to say. I'm important.
"Not here," he told Ms Suiter. "I need to meet them half-way."
"No Man's Land," she told him.
There was a break in the fence that a policeman had made earlier, with a pick-axe. The lawyer hustled through that, then set off across a sea of mud, in the direction of the woods and a small hill, just before it. There were diggers there to greet him.
Mickey went along, just to see what would happen.
He knew there might be some sort of confrontation: he just didn't know what. How would they react to the law?
They didn't react well. The lawyer talked about Courts and Injunctions. He showed them bits of paper, and waved them in their faces. The men and women, covered in dirt, festooned in woolly tops and bobble hats, sneering at the system, battle-hardened from a dozen clashes with the police in the recent past, looked sure of themselves. Too sure.
"Make no mistake," the legal representative stated clearly, "defy us and we will bury you."
So they buried him instead.
It was a well-planned move: several people got behind him and toppled him into a hole, (maybe a side trench), and before he had really landed, another half dozen had their spades and shovels out. When they finished, they walked away.
Mickey found himself talking to a head and shoulders.
"Who is Cal?" he demanded fiercely.
The lawyer looked a little distracted, maybe somewhat intimidated by his current position.
"The American side of the family," he said, looking around. "Although, truth to tell, he was born and raised in Canada. The family named him 'Caledonia', to remind him of his Scots roots. He had an idyllic childhood. But then, after Harvard, he was brought into the New York office of the Corsh business."
Mickey was baffled. "So what happened to Charles? And Charley, the other one?"
"Dead. All dead. Bit of internecine feuding, I'm afraid. It's been a real Shakespeare play just recently."
Mickey nodded. Well, you're nearly the stew in the pot, he was thinking. Shades of MacBeth, eh?
Mickey stood up, annoyed he'd had to bend down in the mud to quiz the buried legal guy. He started to walk away.
The man shouted: "Hey, Mickey. Mickey, you can't just go. Look, you know the Corsh empire, right? You were part of it once, for God's sake. You can't just leave me here! They'll be expecting a result."
Mickey paused. "Who will?" he asked, talking over his shoulder. "Who are you reporting to?"
"Mr Ho. Mickey, you know him, don't you? You've met? Look, the Chinese are running everything now."
Mickey turned back. Just as I suspected, he was thinking.
"Mickey. Don't! Mickey!"
He kept on walking.


CHAPTER FOUR:  Falling in and out of love

Later that afternoon, Melia sneaked out of camp and got away.
She had a plan: she was going to use the back roads to get to Irlam station, then get a train into Manchester. She wanted to see Liv at the hospital, and she wasn't going to tell anyone about it.
As she clambered over the fence on the west side of the farm, she happened to look back and saw an extraordinary sight: the protestors had borrowed a scaffolding tower from the farmer and were erecting wind turbines against the farthest hedge, the one next to the railway line. That will be for the concert, she was thinking. Maybe to power the computers and lights too.
It was a sign of something, maybe that the demonstrators planned to stay. Maybe that they weren't all about destruction, but also about making things, improving things, constructing a better world. She had to admire them for that.
It was a weekday so the trains were running. Melia was alarmed, staring at the timetable at the railway station, but then relaxed. No trains at the weekend, that's what it said. She'd have to remember that.
It had been an interesting journey. She'd climbed the first fence and come down into a lane going north and south. She went north for a while, but saw that it didn't go the way she wanted - west, to the station - so she climbed a five-barred gate and set out across fields. They petered out and she found herself in a housing estate, where all the roads seemed to go in circles. It was only by keeping an eye on the sun that she had any sense of direction at all. Slowly, she circled around and reached a line of shops. It was all getting too compicated: she followed the road south, came out again on the A57, the main road, and followed that for half a mile until she saw a sign off to the right to the station. Well, she'd made it. It wasn't a glorious adventure, but still.
The train hurtled along the line, hardly stopping until it arrived in the city centre. Where had it come from? She wasn't sure, maybe Liverpool, but the rest of the passengers seemed determined to do what they wanted to do: go shopping. That was fine for them: Melia was visiting. She got off at Oxford Road station and took a bus down the road to the main hospital.
She wasn't sure why Liv was there. This was Manchester, Liv was a resident of Salford. Was it a difficult case? Did she need specialised services? That could be true: when she walked in, Liv was talking to a Chaplain.
"She wants to help," Liv explained, after the lady had made her excuses and left. "She thinks I might be worried about being buried alive." Melia looked quizzical. "That's how it felt," Liv declared.
Melia looked hard at her cousin. She looked terrible. Usually, when they were together - especially when they were dressed to go out on the town - people took them for sisters. Melia had the auburn hair and Liv was blonde, but they were a similar height and equally rounded. They were a devastating couple when they worked together, and gave all the pretty men a run for their money. It was a game to play the poor fellas along, they both thought, and was fine until they came into their twenties; then Melia met Mickey and everything changed. Liv, she felt, was never the same again, acting left out and dispirited. It was as though she never forgave Melia for breaking up the partnership.
Luckily, it was a small ward, only four beds and three unoccupied. Melia pulled up a chair: she wanted to talk.
"Stan says you're thinking of going to London," she said quietly, getting to the heart of the problem.
"Why not? The North has nearly killed me."
Melia saw at once that Liv was suffering, maybe the way Melia's colleagues did after fighting, shooting, risking their lives. There was a word for it, but it was trauma, basically. Liv had suffered a tremendous shock, a brush with death, and it was affecting everything, the way she felt, the way she was thinking.
In fact, there was really not much point in talking to her at the moment: she wasn't making much sense.
Melia asked: "Have you got anything to go to?"
Liv laughed. "I've been offered a job at City University," she admitted, as if they were fools for doing so. As if she didn't deserve it, as if she didn't deserve anything, even the right to go on living.
But it wasn't that: she had thoight of such ideas before. She wasn't going towards something: she was running away from it.
Liv seemed close to tears. "What else can you do when you're nursing a broken heart?" she said, choking on the words.
Melia was stunned. She had no idea what the girl was talking about. What had happened in the last few weeks? The last time she saw Liv, in Swinton, she had been fine, enjoying life and her part-time teaching post at Salford University.
In that short time scale, something awful must have happened, and not just the train crash.
"I think you ought to go now," Liv muttered, turning her face into her pillow.
Melia stood up, leaned over and stroked her cousin's hair. She really had nothing else to say. She was speechless.
Melia came out into the corridor, and stood for a moment, uncertain, undecided. What to do now? Should she come back later, maybe go for a cup of coffee, then try again? Would Liv be in any better mood then?
"You are certainly NOT getting out of that bed!" a voice said, further down the corridor.
Melia moved along, having nothing better to do. She wasn't curious, but then - she saw Benni Aas arguing with a nurse.
"I haven't got time for this," the man was saying to his patient.
Benni was wheedling. "I'll be fine," he said. "What can possibly go wrong?"
"You need supervision," the nurse told him.
"I can do that," Melia said, standing in the doorway.
The two men paused, and looked around. Benni chuckled, and gave Melia a beaming smile.
"Friend of yours?" the nurse asked curtly.
"Sure, we live together," Benni said, exaggerating, but maybe referring to the camp.
"I'll look after him," Melia volunteered.
"You're welcome to him," the medical practitioner told her. "I can't do anything with him." He left.
"What's the problem?" Melia asked, moving in.
"Can you get me into that wheelchair?"
No, she couldn't. But she could pull the chair over to the bed, and help Benni pull back the covers and shuffle his body across, so that he could flop into the chair. He'd lost the use of his legs?
"I'm weak," he admitted. "Like a baby. At least, below the waterline. My arms are working just fine."
Which was good. He needed them to play the guitar.
Melia stared: it was a madcap scheme. Benni was going to tour the wards, singing to the patients - whether they wanted him to do it, or not! This wasn't Christmas, she laughed at him. Couldn't he save himself for the Festive Season?
"You crazy English!" he said. "Yes, I've seen that, on my television. You allow grown men to stalk young children at Christmas time. You think they haven't got enough problems being ill? You have to inflict 'celebrities' on them as well!"
Then why do it? Benni smiled. Firstly, he was having a charity collection, as part of his 'tour' of the hospital. Secondly, he wanted to tell people about the camp. Fracking? He was going to tell them about fracking?
"I've written a song about it," he confessed, and offered to sing it right then and there.
Melia demurred. She fetched his guitar case from the wardrobe in the corner and helped him unzip it and pull out the acoustic guitar. It was big, steel-stringed. The body was bulky and awkward, and difficult for him to play while sitting in the chair: it poked out to the sides, over the arm rests, until Melia unscrewed one side, and made it easier for him.
"Right, ready to go," Benni declared.
The collection? That was right; he didn't have a hat. There was only one possible choice: Melia picked up a cardboard bedpan. If it was waterproof, then it would hold filthy lucre, she declared, and they both laughed.
Damn, she was having fun.
Not knowing what she doing, or how she got into such a thing, Melia pushed the chair and took up the collection. Benni played his guitar, very skillfully, and sung, mostly in a quiet, unthreatening voice.
Also, he knew how to please the crowds. His repertoire included several pop songs, many older and well known. That suited the middle-aged and over. For the kids, he had some nursery rhymes and modern pop songs. He also had a selection of folk tunes, many from his native country. The people seemed to love hearing him sing in German. It was most peculiar.
He was a born entertainer, Melia realised. Not at all like Vlad Hugg. She had been to several of Vlad's concerts, and knew he had clever, well-worked songs. But it was all cerebral, the kind of song you appreciated and admired, rather than liked. Benni was different: he just made you smile. His handsome face was always cheerful, and she loved being in his company.
By the time they'd got to the first floor, she was exhausted and ready to suggest a break. Luckily, there was a coffee bar on this level, so she steered him in there and put him at a table while she went over and collected some drinks, which she insisted on paying for. When she came back with the coffees, he had the money out on the table and was counting it.
She put down the cups, just as a young lady with a clipboard came in though the door. She seemed to be looking for someone.
"Mr Aas?" she said, very cool, very professional. "You're my four o'clock."
Benni nodded, crestfallen, as if his pleasant dream had just come to an end.
The woman asked Melia: "Are you a relative?" When Melia said 'No', the woman added: "I'll take him from here then. My office is at the end of the corridor."
More tests? Melia asked genially, but the woman soured the mood.
"Psych consult," she said, not giving much away.
As he wheeled him out of the door, Benni turned round and gave Melia a sad little wave. He seemed apologetic, somehow.
She was left alone at the table, two cups of hospital coffee in front of her.

Two hours later, Melia was driving her car into the car park at the stadium, the new one, opposite the airport.
It had been a busy time. Frustrated at being abadoned by her troubadour, she took a bus back into town, and had a bright idea: she would call at her flat, change her clothes and have a bath. It was 'out of character' for the part she had been assigned to play, but she couldn't resist the idea of clean underwear, just this once.
Relaxing with a glass of wine, fluffy towelling robe wrapped around her, she felt warm and wonderful. She would worry about her assignment later, she decided. When she got back to camp, she would pause to spread some mud on her face again. It would be fine, no one would notice. She found chocolates in the fridge, and allowed herself a small number, feeling wicked.
Then she had a better idea: she wouldn't get the train back. Or the bus. She would take her own car and park it at the Rugby Stadium. It was twenty minutes walk from the camp. She could leave her car there, out of the way, maybe round the back, and then she would have a place to retreat to, if things got too tough. She would pack a case of clothes, and leave that in the boot, out of sight. Maybe with some toiletries too. It was a grand plan; it made her feel so much better about herself.
Then she got the text message. She stared at her mobile phone. Who -
It was Mickey. He wanted to talk. She thought about it for a few minutes. This wasn't allowed either, she was thinking. They were on opposite sides of the conflict, and any fraternisation would put her carefully stage-managed persona at risk. If anyone saw them together - well, she wouldn't be able to explain it. It was against Protocol, of course. She would get into terrible trouble. Then she had another thought: it was Mickey. Was there ever the slightest chance she could refuse him?
She drove off the A57, up the new road that led to the stadium and drove her car around the back, as she'd planned. She didn't see Mickey, but when she switched her engine off and was picking up her bag, he appeared at the window. He climbed in the passenger side, and they started to talk.
Melia wanted to ask him how he was. Dammit, she wanted him to ask her how she was.
"I'm not happy with our new boss," he stated flatly. "What do you make of her?"
Melia took a deep breath. She wasn't sure she could speak at all.
Instead, she blurted out: "Why are we here? Why is fracking so important?"
Mickey was startled. He had to stop and think about it. At last, he said: "It's government policy."
Melia nodded. Yes, she'd gleaned that from the papers. She'd seen it on the TV News.
"The Prime Minister has made a statement about it," Mickey reminded her. Yes, recently.
"I know David Cameron," Melia pointed out. She had saved his life the last time he came to Salford. "Do you think it would help if I phoned him? Maybe I could say something about the camp, tell him what it's like."
Mickey stared at her, stunned. Hesitating, he said: "What good would that do?"
Where has this come from? he was wondering. She seems on edge, nervous. Was it something I said?
She was looking out of the window. There were a few cars. The stadium office lights were on, and the bar was open. Maybe they should go in for a drink, she was thinking. Perhaps it would be easier to talk there.
Mickey was concerned. This wasn't going well. Look, he wanted to say, I just wanted to say you, to make sure you're all right. It's a stressful thing, working undercover: you have to make sure it doesn't get to you.
"I'm sorry, Melia," he said, doing as he always did when he wasn't sure what to do: apologising. "We're on opposite sides of the fence." Literally. Yes, that was true, she agreed. She couldn't argue with that.
He started looking round too. He was suddenly nervous, and it wasn't a good feeling for him.
"We can't be seen together," he said. 
That's right, she thought sullenly. It would spoil the illusion.
"We need to go our separate ways," he said, meaning they shouldn't leave the site at the same time.
Melia stared at him. Yes, he said it. Typical Mickey: he always put into words exactly what she was thinking.
I couldn't agree more, she told him, and patted him on the hand.

Melia had a lot to think about, as she walked back to camp.
It had been a disturbing journey that day. Firstly, it looked like she was losing her cousin. That was awful. Liv had lost her Dad, only last year. Cousin Stan was living his own life now. It was like her family - the only remaining relatives she had left on the planet - were splitting apart, and she couldn't think what to do about it.
Then, she had spent time with a folksinger, in a wheelchair, in a hospital, and - she didn't want to admit it, even to herself - but it was the best time she had had in months. It was really fun. It was the sort of mess about, who cares what happens, good times that she used to have with Mickey, before he got all serious. The fact was, or maybe the nightmare was, was that she was falling out of love with Mickey, and it took her meeting a new young man to help her realise that. There were other men out there, she knew now; men she might be able to love, maybe not as deeply as she had loved Mickey, but who needed that grief? The love that she had shared with him seemed to be equal parts of raging happiness and deep despair.
Was she going to be able to put up with that for the rest of her life?
She found herself walking up the lane kicking at stones as she came across them, kicking fiercely, sending them skittering into the drainage ditch alongside the hedge. She was breathing heavily and she felt - not sad, but angry. Those wasted years!
It would be so easy to fall for Benni, she thought. He was so simple, so uncomplicated. He had his music and he had his talent. Not wars to fight, no enemies to battle. He lived life as if he enjoyed it. She had forgotten what that was like.
A plane zoomed overhead.
There were plenty of them coming out of the local airport. Small, one engined jobs. There were several flying schools on the aerodrome, and these small planes were always taking off and landing, probably practising their landings above all; that would be the major skill you'd need, Melia guessed, to take it up and bring it back down. The bit in the middle was easy.
There were also helicopters.
God knows who would want to learn to fly a chopper, she thought. If you were rich enough to have access to a helicopter, you could hire your own pilot. Why would you need to learn to fly one?
She stopped, then, remembering what she was going to do: dirty up. She bent over by the ditch, and pushed her hands into the wet mud, then rubbed some along her cheek. The best make-up I've ever used, she was thinking sarcastically.
A helicopter came in at tree-top height. That guy needs extra lessons, she was thinking, then suddenly realised it was going to land. Now. Right in the middle of the camp, where the bonfire had been, the night before.
She had to stand and look over the hedge to see what was happening. It was like a scene from an action film or a training video: the helicopter drifted to the ground and men in black spilled out, kept low and took up positions around the machine, its blades till spinning. Text Book stuff. But they had guns. In Britain! They had guns and weren't her Unit. They were police.
A sergeant got to his knees, scanning the area, looking for possible trouble. He didn't spot any, so stood up.
He was completely blown off his feet by a powerful burst of water. His colleagues looked stunned. They were rolling around, not sure whether to run, charge, get out of the way, or what. They were leaderless, unsure.
Of course, Melia was thinking: the defenders had fire hoses. (They had used them on the police lines earlier.) It was a simple weapon - all you needed was a compressor and a water source, in this case, the fish ponds. (Melia hoped no fish were hurt in the activity. She didn't know what would happen to them if they got sucked up and blown out at attacking troops.)
"Retreat!" someone yelled.
It wasn't a considered plan of action. The boys in the blue uniforms started scurrying backwards, to what they reasonably considered to be the shelter of their transport. But that was having trouble: one fire hose had been turned on the engine of the helicopter, high up, raining cold water down through the blades and onto the air inlet. If it got in there - Melia was thinking.
The chopper's powerful engine started to splutter and choke. The policemen stopped in their tracks, unsure now, whether it would be more dangerous to try climbing back on board their delivery system, or find some other shelter, maybe behind the helicopter. They went both ways, disorganised, like a rabble. But there was a hose there too. Water came powering onto them, from the front, the back, and from above. Some tried to shield their guns, as if they didn't want to get them wet.
Melia worked her way along the hedge until she found an opening. It was far along; she was practically behind the chopper. That's how she saw the second line of defence, even more bizarre than the first.
A small force of protestors, led by the distinctive figure of Muddy in the front, emerged from trenches at the far end of the field and advanced on the attacking force. The defenders were carrying handfuls of something -
It was mud. Mostly in small parcels, paper bags, but also in balloon, colourful balloons, of all shapes and sizes.
Again, like the water, it didn't seem like it could do much damage, but it did. Soggy balloons splashing against the front window of the helicopter completely blinded the pilot. Bags of mud landing on top of the machine started to clog the air inlets and make the engine falter even more. Even mud pies hitting the police force seemed to have a powerful effect: for some reason, these police people had an absolute aversion to getting dirty or wet. Seeing their uniforms suddenly drenched in earth drove them to the point of surrender, they were so discouraged.
But they weren't allowed to give up. The ordinary constables had sergeants shouting at them, which made them pause, form some kind of new line, and rally, as if to counter-attack. They might have done too, but for what happened next.
Across the field from the farmyard, there was a mighty disturbance, and an enormous vehicle hove into view, revving unmercilessly, and spewing smoke. At first Melia thought it was a bulldozer, a hydraulic earth-moving sort of tank, with caterpillar tracks. But then she saw it was something simpler: a farm tractor with a blade attached at the front.
The problem was that the blade was lowered, and the whole thing was tearing up the soil and heading directly for the helicopter, as if it meant to crash straight into it. At that speed, the glass front would be squashed and the circling blades wrecked.
The chopper pilot seemed to see the threat and, for one time, reacted. He raced his engine for every ounce of power he could force out of it, and wrenched the helicopter up into the air. It climbed abruptly, vertically, then peeled off in the direction of the airport, over to the east. The noise of its whirling, air-cutting blades faded fast.
There was now a dozen men in blue uniforms looking very sorry for themselves, very exposed.
Fortunately for them, the abrupt departure of their delivery system shocked the approaching tractor, and it ground to a halt. Similarly, the mud slingers stopped, arms raised, stunned by the action. There was an eerie silence.
The only experienced person on the field was the first to recover: the police sergeant.
In a calm voice, he shouted at this men to form a double line and 'shoulder arms'. Then, with what dignity he could muster, he led his troop off towards the fence, through the gap and across the lane. The blue uniforms disappeared out of sight, and there was a ragged cheer from the defenders. They had seen off a serious assault. They were ecstatic.
Muddy turned to his team, still holding their mud grenades. "Put the kettles on!" he yelled.
It was time for tea.
Melia came across and took a seat on one of the logs still gathered round what had been the fire. She watched people congratulating each other. The farmer was indeed driving the tractor, and he came in for special commendation. His sudden and unexpected appearance had been a huge boost to the demonstrators' morale, he was told, and a blow to the attackers. It had swung the melee in their favour, Muddy said, being generous. The farmer leaned in to the storage bin on the side of the tractor and took out several bottles of home-made cider; he shared them with Muddy and his pals. It was all very convivial.
Melia was content with the mug of tea proffered to her. She accepted it willingly, smiling as everyone else was smiling. Why not? She was one of them, wasn't she? In her heart she was thinking: that was one of the sloppiest military operations I've ever seen in all my days. Whoever planned it needs shooting.
She didn't need to guess who that would be. Obviously, it was the Police Superintendent.

She was wrong: it had been Bridie's idea. In her head, as she told the policeman beforehand, it would be her Galllipoli.
Afterwards, he observed how similar the outcomes were.
He said: "That bright idea, to invade Turkey, came from a young man called Winston Churchill."
"My hero."
The grizzled policeman looked at the woman from Scotland. Yes, they were similar. Similar shape, certainly.
There was a cough from behind them. They were standing under a tree in a field, so it wasn't exactly private, but still: the young policeman who was reporting had a sense of decorum.
"Yes?" he was asked.
"The Army types are having a parade."
Mickey and his colleagues were lined up in the corner, by a hedge that backed onto the main lane. It had been Sandy's idea; it was only a few weeks to Rememberance Day, that time of year when you commemorated the Armistice that ended the First World War in 1918. It was a time to think about fallen comrades and colleagues who had given their lives for their country.
Bridie and the chief of police came walking up, then stopped, confused. How should they react? The Superintendent was actually embarrassed: he didn't like public shows of emotion. It disturbed him.
Sandy, the Unit's NCO, was shouting orders. 'Attention!' and things like that. Then the line of men bowed their heads, and their was silence as they started reminiscing, as they would on November 11th.
It was a humbling moment, but then, someone had to go and spoil it.
Young, dirty, unkempt protestors, perhaps on their way back from the pub, were proceeding up the lane and saw the little ceremony. They weren't impressed. They were too young to have experienced National Service, the custom that young people took two years out to become part of the nation's defence, perhaps somewhere around the world. These kids were all about 'peace', they thought, which was why they became more and more rowdy, taking the mickey out of the soldiers.
It was a mistake.
They weren't at home now; they were in the middle of the English countryside, and there were no CCTV cameras on that side of the sight. Young men, slightly drunk, untrained and inexperienced, were no match for slightly older men who had actually taken part in life and death struggle, fought with their fists and a range of weapons - experienced loss and pain.
Mickey took the lead. He simply raised his head, noted the cat calls, and started walking around the hedge onto the lane. He came up to the first young man and, being taller, looked down on him in silence.
"Show some respect," he said quietly.
"You are the tools of capitalist oppression," the young man told him.
It was a mistake. Mickey knew he wasn't the one giving orders, but he had served his country loyally. He had helped to preserve the security of the land, which meant that this kid could mouth off right now. If things had been different, the youngster would have been living under a rather more restrictive regime.
Mickey punched the kid, once, and he flew across the tarmac and landed in the ditch.
"You can't do that!" a girl said.
But he had. Even without receiving any orders, too. Mickey wasn't a robot: he could be insulted.
"I'm going to report you," the young lady told him, as she went to rescue her boyfriend from the mud.
You do that, Mickey was thinking. You can do that, because this is a free country. If it wasn't for people like me - people you despise - the likelihood is that it wouldn't be a free country and you wouldn't be able to complain.
It's ironic, he was thinking, wondering if the teenagers would be able to appreciate the nuances.
"Fire!" someone yelled.
They all looked up. Suddenly, the little tableux that the kids and Mickey had been involved in seemed slightly less important, in the grand scheme of things. Behind them, several fields over, where the drilling was supposed to be happening, there was a problem. The drill rig appeared to have caught fire. Spears of flame were shooting a hundred metres into the air.
"The methane's leaked!" a policeman said, running towards the problem.
Mickey didn't understand. He appreciated that the new equipment had been forced through, eventually - Bridie saw to that - and he knew that it had been installed, the new drill. But why would anything explode? Was it sabotage? An accident? Or something more deliberate? And who could do it? The protestors didn't have the means, surely!
It looked incredibly dangerous, but, as ever, people were drawn to the flames like moths. Young, old, official and unofficial, every pair of feet in the lane, the field, and on the parade ground, turned towards the problem. Soon, everyone was running, scurrying, pushing and shoving, to get a better look. It was going to be a hell of a problem for the fire engines, when they eventually got here, Mickey was thinking. How will they get through?
Some of the demonstrators seemed pleased, as of course they would be, thinking that the fracking procedure would be delayed, or might even have to be postponed. This was good news, for them.
"Looks like Bonfire Night has come early!" one young man said, laughing.


CHAPTER FIVE:  Sing your heart out

The next morning, Melia found herself poking her head out again from a tent flap into the cold morning. It was only just gone dawn: what the hell was that noise all about?
Melia saw Muddy, his tall gangly figure leading the way, as half a dozen strong men struggled to carry a large metal object across the field, round the back of the trenches, towards the brook. Ah, that would be the water wheel, she was thinking. Muddy had announced it last night; he had support from Salford University to try out a new style of hydraulic generator. The protestors were going to plant it across the stream and see how much electricity they could generate. Alternative Energy, again. Melia was impressed: these young men were certainly committed to pushing the technological boundaries.
Plus, they needed all the power they could get for the concert tonight.
"Get your sweet ass back in here," Karlene said sharply.
Melia turned and looked at the short-haired woman half-in and half-out of the sleeping bag. She couldn't believe she'd allowed herself to be persuaded into moving in to yet another tent, but Karlene had offered, and she had a comfy blow-up mattress. The fact that Melia would have to share a sleeping bag was a shock, but nothing untoward happened. It was a double bag, plenty of room, and the duck down was warm and comfortable too, warmer than the other bedding she'd had to put up with.
Karlene was a veteran, she said, having spent time at four other anti-fracking camps in the last eight months. Or maybe that included a couple of anti-motorway protests, and 'Save the Wild Bird' Sit-ins, and 'Don't Pull Down the Trees' events. Karlene was nothing if not adaptable; with her short hair and cheeky face, she looked like a teenager, so probably got away with murder. Melia liked her, as soon as they'd got talking, around the camp fire - the new camp fire, which had to be re-built after the helicopter had flattened, then blown away, most of the original one.
"Working on the brook," Melia reported, and Karlene looked pleased. She approved of that.
It had been a strange night: the well head was burning, looking as if it was raging out of control, and Muddy had offered the use of his fire hoses, still laid in to the fish ponds, as a source of water. His generous offer was turned down flat. That meant the fire thundered on until it ran out of fuel, shortly after midnight. What was the company thinking about? Did they want a loss?
Melia stretched, then pulled her grey tracksuit around her and climbed back into the sleeping bag. Karlene snuggled up to her, with a smile. She was glad to be sharing, she said. She didn't like to be alone.
Melia nodded. She'd have to agree with that, if she was asked. Luckily nobody did.
"There'll be more confontation," Melia said quietly, thinking that the drillers would need to get heavy equipment in to pull out the tangled metal around the drill site. Then they'd need to replace the tower, the head and the bit.
"Let's snooze," Karlene suggested. After all, it was very early.
Melia settled down, but she didn't sleep. Her mind was racing: she was thinking of Mickey, a little, but then visions of Billy swung up onto the screen of her mind. There was no comparison between the two men. Then the picture of Liv came in, swathed in white in her hospital bed, looking defeated. Then there was Cousin Stan, so much to hide. Then her boss, Captain Gibson; she had a vision of him standing outside the window while she was inside, shouting ineffectively. He couldn't give orders any more. Melia thought about Bridie, her new boss. It didn't make her smile. The woman was a witch.
Recurring thoughts kept occuring to her, over and over again. What am I doing here? Is it worthwhile? How will it end?
She woke with a start. Ah, she must have been sleeping then. Karlene was breathing easily, dead to the world.
More noises. Something was happening outside, and it sounded sinister.
When Melia poked her head out, she suddenly saw that it was: the Press had arrived.
She staggered out, angry, and stalked over to one of the small fires by the trenches. A young man there was boiling a kettle, and was happy to make Melia a hot drink. She sat down on a log. She wanted to complain.
"They'll be looking for sensationalism," she said. "The buzzards only circle when they sense death. The journalists will have heard about last night: they'll be looking for injuries, damage, mayhem. If someone had been badly injured in the fire, they'd love it. All they want is the black side of life. It's horrible. I hate them."
The youngster offered her a biscuit.
"Or, on the other hand," he said, "they might have been attraced by the celebrities playing tonight."
Melia stared at him. The concert? She had forgotten about that. There were going to be famous people playing?
The kid announced a list of groups, performers and singers, most of which Melia had never heard of. However, she was assured, they are all very big in the world of pop music at the moment.
"It's great," she was told. "The people who've volunteered their services - And we get a front row seat!"
Melia could appreciate how that could be exciting, for people younger than herself. Yes, the fact that 'pop stars' were wanting to associate themselves with the cause, must be very gratifying for the young people who were sleeping out in the rain, digging muddy ditches, and suffering the continual harrassment from the police. It would make the protestors feel justified, with that support. If ever they had doubted what they were doing -
Well, that would now be gone. Which just made it that much harder for people like Melia, and those involved with trying to keep order, to justify their position and oppose the opposition to the fracking companies.
Great, Melia was thinking. Thank you, singers and songwriters. You're just making my job worse.
"Vlad Hugg is coming," she was assured. That didn't help: Melia actually knew that guy. She had saved his life.
"They say he's written a song, specially."
Melia sighed. More bad news.
Muddy came over and took a cup of tea with them. He wouldn't sit down, he said, he was so busy.
Melia was impressed with this young man. He was thin, scrawny, but so full of energy. It didn't look like you could fit many muscles into that slim frame, but he never seemed to tire. Maybe that was why people felt able to follow him.
Melia did, followed him, when he finished his drink, threw the dregs into the fire and put the mug down with a short 'Thanks'. He started off, back towards the furthest trenches, and she trotted behind.
"Uh, I'm worried about the hill," she told him.
He stopped in his tracks. That was an odd thing to say.
"The trench there," she said, now she had got his attention. "If you carry on digging in that direction, you'll have to cut into that low hill, the brow there. You see? It will mean more work."
He was following her finger, where she was pointing, and nodding, as if he got the point.
Melia advised: "If you took the line forward a bit, keeping on the flat, it will mean less digging."
He agreed with that, but pointed out that if the trench angled, it might make it less defensible.
Melia sidled up to him. She couldn't help it, he was bringing out a side of her that had been dormant for a long time. Damn, she knew she was an attractive woman: couldn't she use her whiles to persuade him?
Muddy wasn't immune to seduction. He kept himself above social interaction mostly, cutting a dashing figure, too busy and too committed to the cause for relationships. Still, he could be flattered too; he knew a lot of the people there admired him, his energy, his ideas, his enthusiasm. Why shouldn't this beautiful woman like him, like him very much?
He said, flirting a little: "Would you like that? If we changed it?"
Melia nodded. "It's the peat," she said. "You know that Corsh had a contract to cut peat out of the Moss? We tried to take them to court and force them to stop the destruction, but the courts didn't agree, the first time."
Muddy smiled. He had heard about that struggle. He'd been down in Sussex at the time, but he liked to keep up with all the news in the protest field, up and down the country. He approved of trying to save ancient peatlands.
"Did you say 'courts' or 'Corsh'?" he asked quietly, a little youthful grin on his weathered face.
Melia laughed. Yes, they were pretty interchangable, weren't they?
"Will you think about it?" she said, waggling her eyebrows at him.
He shrugged. "I'll do better than that. We'll change direction while we think about it. I'll put it to the others, but I think we can manage : it's only a slight diversion. If you think it's a good idea, I'll tell them."
Melia smiled again, not sure whether to hug him or not. What would he think?
Just to be sure she knew what he was thinking, he propositioned her.
"I'll be taking a break before the concert," he told her. "Why don't I meet you back here, and we can talk some more about it."
"I'd like that."
He turned, and left in the warm glow of mutual appreciation. She's a little older than I'm used to, he was thinking, but what a woman! A young man could learn a lot from someone with such blooming maturity.
Melia was flattered too, that the young man most people on the campsite considered to be their 'leader' was willing to talk to her and not only weigh up her suggestions, but act on them immediately.
If only all the men in her life gave her such a response, she was thinking.
Talking of which -
Something made her walk across to the fence, the line of stacked pallets that the protest workers had put up days before. There was a small break in the line, and she slipped through, into the lane. She didn't really know what she doing - it wasn't conscious - but it was as though she had a need to see Mickey, get a glimpse of him, at least.
There was nothing happening behind the hedge on the police side. To Melia's left, further down, was the actual drill site, and the police were mustered along the lane to her right, towards the main road. There seemed to be a bit of a gap straight in front of her. There was nothing - well, wait a minute. She saw the top of a car behind the hedge, white roof showing. Walking foward, she saw a gate and let herself through. No, it was a van, the same size as a car, a small van. She walked up.
There was no one in it, and, looking in the driver's window, she didn't see any keys in the ignition. It was locked - or was it? Again, not thinking it through, she simply tried the door. It opened.
That made her think. Now who would leave a van - It was unmarked, no logo, no wording on the side. Just a plain white van, maybe five or seven hundredweight, abandoned behind the hedge. Well, that was suspicious in itself: it was parked in here, so close to the hedge, in under a tree. Someone was trying to hide it, weren't they?
It was her job to investigate. She looked inside, behind the seat.
Army uniforms.
Melia stood up, leaning on the side of the vehicle, her breath thin and ragged. She was shocked. Uniforms -
There was no mistaking the colours, the camouflage. Shirts, jerkins, trousers, boots. Full gear. Left in this van. Not even locked, but obviously hidden. Out of sight. No one wanted people to see -
She looked again, fumbling under the clothes, and something blue and wooly came into view. A police vest.
Melia found herself sitting on the driver's seat, her feet poking out and onto the ground. She was gasping for air, the adrenaline flooding through her system. She had just found something out. A secret. It wasn't pleasant. What was she going to do?
Minutes later, she found herself pounding down the lane, back to the protestors' side, looking for someone. Anyone.
The young man who had brewed her tea wasn't there anymore, but a new young man had taken his place, fussing over the billy can and seeming to be looking forward to a hot drink. When he saw Melia approaching, he smiled at her.
"Give me your phone," she demanded.
Firstly, she hadn't been allowed to bring her official phone onto the site in case it fell into the wrong hands. Second, she couldn't phone the person she was thinking of phoning from that phone, or anything else with her name attached to it, or he probably wouldn't answer. He was funny like that.
The young man looked puzzled, but, in some strange way, honoured. He dragged a modern unit from his pocket.
"It's not long distance, is it?" he asked, smiling.
Melia gave a sour grin. She was in no mood to swap pleasantries.
She took the phone and walked over to the trees, past the tents and people who might be listening. She wanted privacy.
There was one number she could call. A number so secret it could never be written down, but she'd committed it to memory a long time ago, just in case. It was for extreme emergencies. Like now.
"Yes?" Captain Gibson answered.
Melia took a deep breath. No small talk, just a quick description of the van and its contents.
"There's only one explanation," she said, giving her opinion. "Bridie has brought a section of the Army in and kitted them out with police uniforms. She's using trained men against amateur protestors and demonstrators."
There was a Protocol against that. It wasn't allowed; people might get hurt. (Not allowed in Britain, anyway.)
Melia knew the importance of this call. It was ammunition. If her boss wanted something to use against the ugly woman who had replaced him, then she was handing it to him on a plate. Maybe he could use it to get her out.
"This is a delicate situation," the voice on the other end of the line said.
Melia knew what that meant. It was unlikely that Bridie would have concocted a plan like this on her own; she would have had to know she had political backing. Someone in the government would be behind her.
Gibson said: "Our Unit has authority above and over the Armed Forces." Which was a way of saying he could simply issue an order. But he didn't want to be so direct, and he certainly didn't want politicians involved. "I think we'll keep the civilians out of this. I'm going to contact the Head of the Defence Staff personally. He owes me a favour or two."
And he would ask for what?
"Those troops need to Stand Down," he told Melia. They are inflaming the situation, he said.
Melia nodded. He was the man with all the experience and all the tact. She had faith he would know what to do.
"You won't mention this to anyone," he told her, and she agreed. Not even Mickey.
"Thank you, Melia," he told her, and he was sincere. "You may see the situation change," he told her.

An hour later music was booming across the anti-fracking campsite. The concert had begun.
It might have started sooner, but there was some disagreement about the layout. The farmer had offered the use of one his barns, the one on the south side of the biggest field. It had an open side on the north. At first, several people thought the audience could go in there, (useful as a shelter against the possible rain), and the artists could play on a makeshift stage on top of the small hill by the trees. Muddy managed to persuade them that it was a bad idea: they'd have to put scaffolding poles down into the earth of the hill, and he knew Melia wouldn't have approved, (after their little talk that morning). Far better to have the singers in the barn, and the fans in the field. The artistes could perform on the gallery, at first floor level, so would be easily visible, and the P.A. sound system would sit well against the rafters, where the giant speakers could be easily tied on. There was plenty of gear, most of it donated by local bands, from Irlam and beyond, but if they faced north, out of the barn, they would cause less disruption to local residents, and most of them lived east in Irlam and west in Eccles. The north aspect faced the Moss, nothing but trees, farmland and hedgerows that way. Oh, and the fracking drill. Who cared about them?
There was also plenty of entertainers. The local lads, singers and bands, were thrilled by the prospect of appearing on the same bill as famous names, and were queueing up to have a go. A local radio D.J. had volunteered to introduce the acts, and he had a keen appreciation of the hierarchy of pop: he put the less well-known on first, building up to the superstars at the end of the night. Which was practical too - those 'famous' names that were being bandied about, most of them hadn't arrived yet, and the D.J. wasn't so naive as not to know that some of them might not attend at all. That was just the way it went.
The only controversial decision he made affected Melia, strangely. He told Benni Aas that he couldn't have a spot.
Melia was over by one side of the barn, the 'stage', and had seen Benni arrive with his guitar. She smiled as she saw him approach the D.J, the Master of Ceremonies for the night, then distraught, as she saw the look on his face when he was turned away. He came walking back along the hedge, looking concerned and confused.
"What's up?" she asked him. He saw it was her, and his face lit up, then clouded over again.
"The man said," he reported, "that since Vlad Hugg is coming, I can't play. It would confuse the crowd."
You're not that similar! Melia wanted to say, then realised that might sound hurtful. Benni was very good, in his own way.
"I've been bounced," he said, as if unable to believe it.
He was standing there, looking round. He seemed lost now, unclear what to do or where to go.
"Let's go and get a drink," Melia suggested.
Over by the fence, backs to the lane, a whole range of concession vans and stalls had been set up, selling everything from veggie burgers to falafel, alcohol to t-shirts. There was even an ice-cream van. Goodness knows where they'd come from, but someone must have spread the word that there was money to be made. For not all the demonstrators were poor, mud-caked and homeless: some had come from respectable homes, and were taking time off from their jobs and family lives to spend time campaigning. They had money on their pockets, and, if they didn't, there were always the money-changers: enterprising capitalists had set up their tables and were cashing cheques and credit cards, using wireless terminals and laptop computers.
Melia had money. She bought Benni a drink and they sat on the grass and watched people arrive.
"They don't support the cause," Benni observed critically.
No, hundreds of other people, locally and from further abroad, had been tempted to visit the site by the offer of a free concert, music supplied by familiar names and famous musicians. Of course, it was a good thing for the anti-fracking campaign, who would be saying to the Press that the large numbers showed 'massive support' for their cause, which would be proved, to the gullible, but the photos of milling crowds. Tomorrow, most of these new arrivals would be gone again, but for now -
Vehicles rumbled past on the lane. Lorries.
Benni looked puzzled, but Melia knew that meant: Gibson had used his connections and the undercover Army personnel were leaving. The giveaway was that they were loaded on to Army lorries for the trip out; if they had been real Police, they would have travelled in blue minibuses. Armed Forces had less comfortable travelling arrangements, bobbing up and down on the bare boards of an Army wagon, back to Barracks, or wherever they had come from.
"Things aren't always what they seem," Melia said thoughtfully, thinking it might be a good line for a new song from Benni.
The only problem, for the remaining police, would be the sharp drop in their numbers. They would now lose all chance of containing or controlling the crowd. For tonight they'd just have to stand back and hope things passed off peacefully.
Mostly, they did. People who were there for the music, sat on the grass and admired their heroies. Hours passed, and the local groups gave way to the nationally-known figures. Melia didn't notice any improvement in quality. In fact, she preferred some of the earlier artists, but what did she know? She had lost track of Pop Music now, and didn't recognised any of the names that received the biggest cheers. She admired the kids' enthusiasm; she had felt like that once, when younger.
Her biggest problem, as time went on, wasn't worrying about the crowd, the protestors, or the police. It was Benni.
He started off disgruntled and moved on to morose. After the first drink went down, he seemed to develop a taste for it, and couldn't stop drinking. It didn't make him cheerful, relaxed or talkative: his communications were short, aggressive sentences, aimed at the Establishment, music moguls, and feckless fans. Slowly, he seemed to develop contempt for the world.
Something came to Melia, a memory: Benni in the hospital, being called in for a Psych consult. Was it possible that this young man had some sort of difficulty? Was he suffering from a diagnosable condition - maybe Depression?
He was a singer, a songwriter, an artist. In her mind, like many people who knew little about mental illness, it seemed that various types of madness were associated with people who were artists. Was this Benni?
As time passed, and she found herself in the position of carer, trying to persuade him to 'go easy' and slacken off his intake, she started to wonder what she was really dealing with. Did he have an alcohol problem? Could she cope?
Then, something happened to lighten a mood. A singer from London, raucous, singing R&B and various sorts of old blues, had brought a football on stage with him and was kicking it about as he sang and performed. People were cheering. He challenged people to 'take him on'. At the end of his set, laughing and still kicking, he could be seen backstage, being approached by various people. The DJ leapt to the microphone and announced a 'Challenge Match'. The singer was teaming up with other musicians and would form a scratch side to 'take on the Media'.
Pop Singers versus Journalists! Everyone cheered, and followed them into the field at the back of the farmhouse, where the grass was cut short and there was room to kick a ball about. People started taking position along the four sides of the area, clutching drinks, bottles, cans, like real football fans.
Melia stared in disbelief. A football match under floodlights, (provided by the farmer). It didn't seem possible!
Meanwhile, the DJ was back on stage saying the 'music would continue'. He introduced another band - yet another ensemble of guitars and drums - and the noise crashed out, dented only slightly by the cheers of the football crowd.
There was only one thought in Melia's mind: Thank Goodness the wind turbines were spinning. And the waterwheel, and the wood-burning generator. They'd need every ounce of power for all the lights and sound equipment.
Then the lights went out.
Thank God for modern technology! Melia was thinking. In a matter of moments, people had whipped out their mobile phones and were shining their lights in front of them. The field was alive with tiny spotlights, dozens of them - not enough lumens to make up for what was lost, but at least it stopped a panic. Men and women weren't stumbling around in the dark, at least, getting in the way and making things worse. In fact, they started singing, low at first, but soon full-throated, like a roar.
The happiness was contagious.
Someone had to spoil it.
It was the Police Superintendent. Out of nowhere, his voice boomed out, giving instructions. Of course! He had a battery-powered megaphone. (Melia had heard it before.) Goodness knew how he had arrived on the scene so fast, but now, being there, he wanted to take charge. It was a matter of Public Order, he might have said.
Luckily, he wasn't needed. The farmer came to the rescue.
It was obvious, really. His farmhouse was literally a stone's throw from the barn. He climbed on top of his tractor and ran a cable from the house to the first floor of the barn. It worked. The P.A. boomed out, the DJ made his announcements, and the band started singing and playing. The lights over the football field spluttered a little, but finally came back to life.
Melia looked around, baffled. Wasn't the farmhouse on the same circuit as the stage, or the floodlights? Yes, but the farm had a back-up diesel generator - it had too, with all those animals to keep fed and warmed - and that must have kicked in immediately. It must be racing, struggling, but for now the emergency was over.
The show had to go on. It did.
Farmer MacLawn had other ways to spread joy: he brought out numerous flagons of his home-made cider and started handing them round. No charge. No fee. 'Make a donation to the cause', he told people. The cider was fiery, warming; it shut out the chilly weather. The crowd cheered the landowner, and even the DJ made sure to mention him, more than once.
Then the crowd really went wild.
Melia couldn't see it at first, but it happened between sets, when one band had finished and their road crew were on stage, taking equipment off, putting the next lot on. Some young men and women in strangely colourful clothes were coming on stage, waving at the multitude. Who were they? Were they famous?
The word went round like wildfire, maybe on those mobile phones that everyone had.
They were the arrested comrades, and they were free!
The DJ bounced to the front of the performance area, jumping up and down like a jack-in-the-box. He couldn't contain his excitement. 'The Courts set them free!' he yelled. 'They couldn't hold them. Hurrah for the Courts.'
And once again, to Melia's increasingly befuddled brain, the word sounded the same: 'Courts' and 'Corsh'. Who had let them out? Who had got them off the charges? Was it legal procedure, or was it the richest company in the region?
Melia had been on her feet, desperate to get a glimpse of these 'heroes' who had defied the system. She was being swept along by the euphoria, she knew. There was a danger they were winning her over. She decided to calm down.
She plopped down next to Benni. He was morose. He'd managed to get hold of some of that cider, and it wasn't working well for him; it was making him miserable, thoughtful and brooding.
"You know Bridie Suiter?" he asked Melia.
She looked him straight in the eye, trying to control her breathing.
"You know who I mean? The Dinner Lady Queen?"
Oh, sure, she said; seen the woman on the News. (He hadn't linked Bridie to her, then. No, not at all.)
"I was thinking about her when I was in the hospital," Benni said, as if continuing a conversation they were having before. "I was lying in my bed and there she was on telly. The government have given her a new job, something to do with National Security. I don't know what." (Good, Melia was thinking. It's better if you don't know. Or about me, me and Security.)
Benni said: "They tried to feed me the hospital food, but I turned it down. I knew her company has the contract for Manchester. I didn't want to get contanimated. It's not 'healthy', none of it."
Melia nodded. She'd got that impression: Benni was careful what he ate. It was a matter of principle.
"They say she put squirrel meat in the school burgers," he told her, nodding sagely.
"Vlad Hugg - " the DJ was saying from the stage.
Melia leapt to her feet again, straining to see if the young singer had arrived.
" - can't be with us tonight," the announcer went on. There were boos from the crowd. Melia felt like joining in.
"But he's sent his band, The Floor Mops." There were cheers now. The backing band? Not as good without their front man, but still, they knew some wicked tunes. Okay, people seemed to be saying. Let's make the best of it.
Some couldn't.
Benni looked mean, mean and drunk. He staggered to his feet, which was a real feat for him, as he was so unsteady.
"More drink," he muttered, and started to sway, then caught himself, and walked off, along by the hedge, the back of the barn, towards the farmhouse. Maybe he wanted more cider, Melia was thinking.
She hesitated. She didn't want to interfere - not like Mickey did with her. She liked the young man, and didn't want to see him coming to any harm - Of sod it, she concluded, and started to follow, into the darkness.
There were sporadic lights, including street lights in the lane, but Melia found herself walking in and out of pools of light. At one time, when she was in the dark, and light was up ahead, she saw a splash of colour swerve out of hedge and into the light behind the barn building. A fox. An urban fox, she decided. Damn, he was bold.
Almost as bold as her. Or Benni Aas, the young singer. Or Vlad Hugg, the singing star. Or -
She saw the fog blowing towards her out of the black night and almost didn't spot it for what it was. White smoke, acrid and choking. It was sweeping down the lane and spreading out, into the fields and towards the woods. The blustery winter wind had picked it up and it was dense and heavy, keeping low, to the ground.
A gas attack.
Just like in the First World War.

CHAPTER SIX:  New arrivals

"Someone died!" Mickey was shouting.
It was the next day. The situation's changed, he was telling his boss, Bridie. It's different now.
"The guy had asthma already," she said, dismissing his concerns.
Mickey was furious. This woman - she just seemed to have a cavalier attitude to life and death. And the Truth.
The story that she was putting out to the Press was that a stack of tyres at the farm had been set on fire, maybe by concert goers trying to keep warm. Rubbish! Mickey said, seething. Tyres burning emit a black smoke, completely different. The white stuff that drifted across the festival ground was white, acrid and burning. To Mickey, it was familiar.
Luckily his team had gas masks. Standard Issue, and available in their van. When the alarm was raised they rushed to get kitted out, and thus were able to organise the evacuation of the area.
The police were less fortunate: with no protective gear, they were rendered as helpless as the concert attendees, and had to be rescued too. Maybe that was the intention; whoever released the gas was aiming for maximum disruption and confusion. It was what they'd done in Northern Ireland, Mickey remembered; he'd been part of Army forces when they used such stuff there.
He remembered the smell clearly. It was familiar: government issue.
Strangely, as sometimes happened, the direction of the wind had taken hold and blown the toxic stuff right past the stage, so the DJ and musicians were seemingly unaffected. It was ironic that the DJ could tone down the sounds and give comforting and helpful instructions from the stage. He saw what was happening with the rescue, and told people to head out the gate to the east.
A Casualty Centre was set up at the Stadium, and many people spent the night there, after getting their eyes sprayed and their noses cleared. Some people were affected more than others - especially those who had previous breathing problems, such as people with asthma. A few of those had to be airlifted to hospital in central Manchester, but, again fortunately, one of the North West's Air Ambulances was over at the aerodrome being serviced, so was right on hand to do the flying.
The next morning, back at Unit mustering point in the lane, Mickey was having trouble getting sense out of Bridie.
"You might want to hear this," Terry Two interrupted, leaning out of the Unit support vehicle.
His team-mates came over, and he pointed at the TV monitor he had over his work-desk.
"The PM is being interviewed on The Brunch Show," he said, then turned the sound up for them to hear.
David Cameron said one thing, over and over: he supported fracking. It was a 'potentially useful contribution to the energy mix' he told his inquisitor, and it had made 'a huge difference' to gas prices in the USA. We can copy their success, he said.
Several of Mickey's team expressed approval at those words. Mainly, they wanted to hear that what they were doing was worthwhile; if they were out in Salford, standing in a field, and fighting off hippies, they needed to know it was for a cause.
Bridie strode forward, full of herself. Well done, lads, she started saying.
"Now get off and get your breakfasts," she told them, warm smiles all round. "Be back here in an hour. There's work to do."
Mickey didn't feel like moving. Terry looked at him, exchanged glances. He pointed at the screen.
"Look who's in the background," he hissed.
Mickey looked. Chinese people, in suits. Business people, from the East. Investors, he realised.
"On your way too, Mickey," the boss said, steel in her voice. "I've a far more important man to talk to."
She turned, and started walking up the lane. A fat man was just getting out of a very expensive car.
"Her brother," Terry whispered. "Now, I wonder what he has to offer to this volatile situation."
Do you know everybody? Mickey whispered back. He didn't recognise the squat, well-dressed man. Mickey knew it was a brother and sister team that ran their business, he'd just never actually seen the other half.
It wasn't going to stop him. He hurried up the tarmac and grabbed Bridie's arm. He wasn't finished with her.
"I know you're angry with Melia - " he started. About the uniforms, he wanted to say. Finding the Army uniforms.
Bride turned and her face was like thunder. It wasn't just what he was saying: it was the fact he was interrupting.
"I need to talk to my brother," she said, her voice as cold as ice. She seemed very determined about that.
"I know you always think I'm defending her - " Mickey said, ploughing on.
"Because you are!" she snapped. "Look," she said, turning to face him, as if she wanted the matter settled, right now. "I can't say that your precious Amelia is doing a good job. She's meant to be spying on the protestors, and she seems to be spending all her time with that Kraut singer, Benni Something. She should know better. He's a mess - German father, and British mother, but an Army wife, so we're told, who was playing away. What kind of heritage is that?"
Mickey stared. Was she being racist? Was this Scottish housewife being rude about Germans?
Bridie added: "You need to keep an eye on your girlfriend, my young friend. She's letting you down."
Melia? Was Bridie saying - Mickey choked, took a breath and shook his head. Melia was having an affair?
The fat man had waddled over by this time, and caught the back end of the conversation. Something about what was being said annoyed him, as most conversations did. He caught the intention, more than anything: he could see that Mickey was trying to defend Melia, so the brother weighed in to defend his sister, Bridie.
"You need to know the full facts," he lectured Mickey, his voice as low and toneless as gravel. "That fine example of Hitler Youth is a cold-stone killer. You need to warn your bitch not to fraternise with the enemy."
Germans? They were the 'enemy'? Mickey stared. Were we still living in the 1940s?
And where did he get off, calling Melia a 'bitch', anyway?
Mickey breathed hard, fighting and resisting the temptation to punch the man.
When he walked back to the mobile HQ, leaving the brother and sister together, Terry had words to cheer him up.
"Did you know," he said quietly, "that 'Suiter' isn't their real name? Actually, they were born 'Snuper'. It's true."

Back at the camp, Melia had her own problems. Someone wanted to put a dead rabbit in the cooking pot for breakfast.
The vegetarians were up in arms.
Melia sighed. Wasn't it inevitable, really? There were hunters in the woods, day and night, and rabbits were one of their main quarries. Mostly, they came in, shot the game, and took them home. One visitor, well, he thought he was doing them a favour by donating one of the bunnies he'd bagged. He handed it to a naive-looking girl, but, as it turned out, she was fully experienced in the art of skinning and jointing a fluffy animal. Soon, it was bubbling over the small camp fire.
The vegetarians stomped off, looking disapproving. Melia wished them well in their mission to hunt down some vegetables.
There were other, more important, things to worry about.
The 'leadership' had called a meeting, in the sense that a bunch of the more familiar faces had assembled around the main camp fire and were now sipping tea from cracked mugs and deliberating.
When Melia joined the conversation, she heard: "I don't like it."
"It's a risk," someone else was saying. "We don't know it will work."
Muddy was standing in the middle of the small crowd, looking serious. He saw her arrive, smiled his biggest smile, and decided to recap, for her benefit, mainly.
"Okay, let me summarise," he said. "Corsh have invited me to go down to their Management Office at the Irwell Centre, to talk, negotiate, barter, or whatever. They want to hear what we have to say, that's the main point. They're willing to listen."
"At last," someone said. "It's a great opportunity. We shouldn't blow it."
"Why risk it?" a girl said. "You'd be walking in to the lions' den, mate."
Muddy smiled. He didn't look as if he felt threatened. In fact, he looked flattered; he had been acknowledged as the 'Boss', and Corsh Industries were now saying they were happy to sit down with him and talk about fracking.
"You know they're not going to change their minds," a girl stated flatly.
A boy said: "It will look good in the papers. People are taking us seriously."
"You do what you want to do," a voice suggested.
"I've made up my mind," Muddy agreed.
They were sending a car, he told them, and he would get in it and go. Down the river to the Irwell Centre, one of the biggest shopping arcades in Europe. His companions sneered at that: they didn't like Big Business. They hated Commerce. It was what was creating the demand for the fracking experiment. It was ruining the enviroment, in their eyes.
"More fool you," someone said, and turned away in disgust.
"Good Luck, Muddy," a girl said, being supportive. "Our thoughts go with you."
Melia watched the young man hug a few people. He missed her out, but he gave her a big grin as he turned to leave.
She didn't know that it was the last time she'd ever see him alive.

The vegetarians were feeling victorious.
They'd arrived at the garden plot behind the farmhouse, and had found it full of activity. A project called 'Incredible Edibles' had arrived and were clearing the derelict beds, planting new seeds, and building compost bins out of old palllets.
Most of them were volunteers, from all over the city, but there were other people there - 'Corporates'. The founder of 'IE' in Salford had gone to see the local Chamber of Commerce and they had member companies who were willing to send their employees out into the wider world on Team Building and Project Management Days. Luckily, this included wading in mud and planting veg, so 'Incredible Edibles' had a whole team of helpers that day. (Strangely, some of these office workers had come from the Headquarters of Corsh Industries, further down the Ship Canal. They didn't think to mention who they were.)
Benni was also there. He'd survived the gas attack the night before, but he'd got a whiff of the gas, and was feeling weak and insecure. When he offered to help with the digging, one of the women took one look at him and went and fetched him a chair. He was sitting now, next to the work that was going on, supporting them with his best wishes.
When he got bored with that, he asked one of the women to go and fetch his guitar. He had left it behind the stage, where he had been talking to Melia the night before. Luckily, it had survived. Benni took it out of its hard case and started playing. It seemed he knew quite a few songs about farming the land and watching flowers grow.
If Melia had been there she would have been impressed, as she was at the hospital.
Meanwhile, one of the organisers was talking to a reporter. He was patiently explaining the facts.
'Incredible Edibles' was a project that had started in Todmorden, a small village to the north of Manchester. Local residents had noticed empty spaces, green patches unloved and untended. They got permission from their local Council to use the plots, planting up vegetables and edible flowers. They had two main aims: make the best use of unused land, but also provide food for free. That was the plan: people were invited to help themselves, pick the fruit and veg, take it home and use it. It meant they'd be eating healthy food, and they'd be saving money.
It was a great philosophy, and started to spread, first around northern England, and then abroad. There were now groups in Europe and America. They were linked in a loose federation but there was no hierarchy, so what was happening in Salford was independent and self-supporting, adapting to local circumstances.
The journalist looked bored and slightly confused. 'Free'?
The vegetarians loved the plan. It made perfect sense. Eat wholesome food, keep off the meat, give it away.
What could be better?

Meanwhile, on the other side of the farm, other planters were at work.
A group of ex-Army wives had arrived and were planting poppies on the sides of the trenches. The Wives and Widows were going all over Salford, putting the scarlet flowers out to remind people of the sacrifice that ordinary men and women had made over a series of conflicts. It was a poignant scene. Melia was standing under a tree, off to one side, but the vista increasingly reminded her of pictures she'd seen of The Great War - the earthworks, the mud, the blood red flowers.
Meanwhile, the labour went on. Young men were bending their backs to take the line of trenches all the way across the field to the brook by the hedge. They had changed direction slightly, going more easterly, and thus missing the low hill, as Melia had requested. But it was a confused site: some people were digging what they called 'Support Trenches', behind the front line, and there were Dug-Outs and caves being cut out of the earth.
Maybe this was what it was really like, Melia was thinking. There was some kind of plan, but it was still disorganised.
It didn't help when another group arrived. Nobody had any notice, but a minibus ground its way up the lane, then poured out its contents near the hedge. They were 'artists'. You could tell that from the flamboyant clothes, Melia was thinking. This lot had poppies too, but they weren't real flowers: they were ceramic. Still red, though, and taller and more upright, if anything, because the stalks were made of real sticks. The group unloaded crates of the things from their van and moved in to start planting, elbowing their way in and around the Wives. These women - people who knew real grief - weren't too impressed with an artistic response to history, and made their feelings clear. There were little scuffles breaking out, arguments and harsh words.
The police moved in.
It looked sinister, at first, but then the constables in blue uniforms merely lined up opposite the trenches. They seemed to be forming some kind of Honour Gaurd, as if they were paying respect to fallen comrades. Melia was moved. It was a spectacle, the lines of red flowers - some real, some not - the figures planting, up to their knees and elbows in mud, and the silent line of police personnel, bearing witness. It was no surprise when flashbulbs started popping, and people took pictures.
What Melia and the others didn't notice, since they weren't looking back, was that the police line was directly between the wooden fence the protestors had erected first, and the trenches they had started digging after. In fact, the police presence almost perfectly masked the stacked pallets. It mean that nobody saw the sappers and civilian contractors move along the wooden wall from the outside, and slowly start to take it apart. They worked quietly, lifting each pallet individually by hand - no machinery - laying it on a pick-up truck that was moving slowly up the lane, and working their way methodically towards the copse.
When the police withdrew, nearly an hour later, the view looked subtly different. It was a while before the anti-frackers started asking the obvious question: where did our fence go? There was no obvious answer.

Since there was no confrontation between the forces of law and order and the people protesting the commercial exploitation of the countryside, the atmosphere that day was laid back and relaxed. Also, after the huge adrenaline rush of the concert the night before, and then the panic of the gas attack, perhaps everybody had no energy left for fighting, either literally or metaphorically. It seemed like there was almost a whiff of consensus in the air.
Especially now that the anti's leader had been called in for talks. It felt like progress.
Also, people kept arriving, which filled the campers with confidence: people cared.
No more so than the next arrivals - The Food Bank.
Food Banks had sprung up all over the country that year. It was in response to the increasing awareness that people on limited income or Benefits simply didn't have enough cash money to feed themselves or their families. Groups got together, often at churches and places of worship, and started collecting donations, both from the public and from the commercial sector. Many Food Banks had deals with their local supermarkets and were given items that had reached their 'Sell By' date, or things like fresh fruit and veg, that might have been dumped anyway. The Irlam group were in that position: they had just called in to the big hyermarket on the main road and been given enough stuff to fill their van. It was too much to take back to church. What better idea than to drop some off at the camp? They were sure the protestors would be grateful.
Some were. They saw the tins, the packets, the jars and the bottles, and helped themselves. They picked up handfuls, went back to the main congregating area around the main campfire, and started heating things up in saucepans and sharing cold items out. People crowded around. A feast! It was like Christmas had come early.
Others were less delighted. Many of the campaigners were vegetarians, and weren't grateful for all the meat products. Some were actively against additives and processed food; they were horrified to see their comrades cheerfully tucking into consumables that they regarded as poison. Finally, these people had spent months or years badgering and picketing large supermarkets, so weren't impressed that these capitalists were involved in anti-Establishment action. It didn't seem credible.
Melia had no such scruples. When she was hungry, she ate. It seemed simple to her. She had never been very New Age.
But that was a problem too. Most of the musicians from the previous night had moved on, blown away by the rolling clouds of white stuff, maybe. But the stage was still in place. That afternoon, a collection of therapists arrived and asked the DJ, who was still playing gentle music from the stage, to give way and allow them to broadcast some active meditation across the site. They had CD's of New Age music, and they wanted to share their mantras. The DJ resisted.
It resulted in an out-and-out fist fight. It wasn't very spiritual. Not a good advertisement for peace and love.
When the DJ came back to play more psychedelic sounds from the '60s, he was sporting an inflamed black eye. But he didn't last more than five minutes. Since the direct approach didn't work, the meditators tried a difference approach - they went and complained to the farmer. Immediately Tony MacLawn came out onto the stage, it was clear who was in charge: he gave the DJ his marching orders and inserted the transecendentalists into his place. The speakers blasted out the sound of pipes and bells and calming 'Oms' tumbled across the field and trees, further decreasing tension with their good vibrations.
Melia saw the drama and approached. She was still eating, but curious about what was going on, but by the time she got there, it was all over; the farmer was clambering down from the hay loft and was moving towards his tractor, that was parked beside it. He had a trailer hooked up behind his usual vehicle, and it contained portable toilets. Ah, the mudane duties of a landlord, she was thinking. There was less of a crowd there today, so what better time to empty the toilet facilities.
Mr MacLawn saw her walking up and stopped. He smiled. He seemed to be admiring her.
"I've seen you around," he said quietly. Melia stopped. Was that a compliment?
"You handled that well," she told him.
He nodded. "I blackmailed the man with my story about the cats."
Melia finished off her sandwich and waited for him to explain.
It wasn't a happy tail. The fact was that the cattery had burned down, the whole building. It was last night, at the height of the gas scare. Maybe the problem started there, the farmer said, but anyway, the cattery - over on the far side of the farm buildings - had caught fire and burned to the ground. The animals? Lost. All of them.
Melia gagged at the thought. She hated the thought of animals locked in cages, caught in an outbreak of fire.
When she told him, he said: "You and a million others. You know, the story of this protest, the anti-fracking campaign, it's all been up on the internet, but I put up a few stories of the burned-out cattery this morning, and the website has just exploded. It's gone wild. People in Britain love their animals, all right. Who cares about the future of the human race? A few. But harm a cat, and you've got the entire population to worry about."
"It's nice to get sympathy."
"And cash."
Melia stared. What was he saying? Someone set up a fund, he said. Pledges were over half a million already.
She gasped. Wouldn't that buy this farm? And the woods, he told her. And the stream.
Maybe half of Irlam, he joked. Yeah, it was a lot of money.
She was dumbfounded. Well, if anything good had come out of this whole experience, it was that: the farmer was being given money to rebuild the car's quarters, and he could do that. Plus a new Rural Education Centre, maybe, and the Woodland Experience. Maybe add a few allotments for 'Incredible Edibles' to plant up, and even get the derelict polytunnels back in service. It would completely transform the whole area. Farming in England had been struggling for years, but with a huge injection of real cash, anything was possible. He was grinning, saying how ironic it all was.
Melia joined in. He had a very nice smile.
He liked her too. "You know, if you cleaned up a bit," he said, "you could be a really attractive woman."
I could, she agreed, walking away. And I am. I sure am.

Someone else fancied her too. Karlene.
As Melia came back into the meeting area around the main campfire, she bumped into the young lady she knew.
"I didn't see you last night," Karlene complained. "Where did you sleep?"
Melia paused. It had all been so confused - The stadium, she remembered. She had gone over there, helping people, evacuating the danger zone, and there were blow up mattresses and camp beds. She had grabbed a few hours sleep, then, in the cold light of dawn, walked back and taken another couple of hours rest in the little tent she had been using.
"I waited up for you," Karlene told her. "I was worried about you."
That's nice, Melia was thinking, but she was concerned: what was this girl thinking? What impression had she got?
Melia certainly hadn't meant to give her the wrong idea. They were friends, maybe. Fellow protestors.
No, that wasn't it. Karlene was obviously thinking that Melia was special, and they had some kind of understanding.
"Why don't we got there now, to my tent?" Karlene said. "We can talk."
In the middle of the day? It didn't seem right to be undercover when everything was happening out here. People are arriving, Melia wanted to say, and I don't want to miss anything. Things are happening.
"The world can wait," Karlene said poetically. "We have our own little world, between us, you and I."
Melia took a deep breath. No, we don't, she knew. This was nonsense. Karlene had completely the wrong idea.
Besides, Melia was working. This wasn't a holiday. She had no time for romance, whatever other people wanted.
She was trying to figure out how to say that nicely, let the girl down gently, when another arrival saved her.
It was a government Minister.
You could tell from the fuss the Press were making that this was important. They were crowding round the poor man like bees around a honeypot, taking pictures, firing questions. After all, this was a 'protest' camp, they were saying. If the government sent a man down to visit, wasn't that almost like saying they supported it?
Melia wanted to laugh at the twisted logic. When it came to the media, everything had to be black and white. You needed to be on one side or the other. Well, she'd found that things in life weren't like that: they were a lot more complicated.
Like now. Karlene, having seen that Melia seemed more interested in the Minister than her, decided to take action. She stormed forward, got right in front of the cameras, and raised her top to flash her boobs at the photographers.
It proved one thing: when it came to the tabloid newspapers of Britain, they were alway interested in a bit of breast. Sure enough, they took time out from the politician to capture the moment with their cameras. No doubt Karlene and her delightful assets would be an important part of the newspapers' coverage of this anti-fracking action tomorrow.
Then, regretfully, they turned their lenses back on the Member of Parliament and his high-profile visit.
Karlene, having made her point, ran back to her tent, crying. She gave Melia a regretful glance. Things hadn't gone the way she'd hoped, and she was devastated. What was the point of living? she was thinking.
Melia watched her departure. I'm sorry, she wanted to say. I have a job to do.

The Minister came over.
Melia stood, rooted to the spot. He wanted to talk to her?
She had forgotten one thing: he was local, the MP for a Cheshire town. He knew people in this area.
Like Karlene.
"She's the daughter of the Vicar of my local church," he told an indredulous Melia. She was upset? he asked.
It's all been a bit much for her, Melia lied. The life outdoors. The pressure.
"I know what you mean," the MP said thoughtfully. "I've still got the Awards Ceremony to go."
It appeared, after some confusion, that the Award wasn't actually for him, but for the camp. Ah, Melia realised, that's the way the wind is blowing. The Anti-Frackers had won the top prize for Environmental Awareness 2014, and the Minister couldn't stand to miss out on a delightful photo-opportunity. He was delighted to stand in front of the fire and be pictured handing over a framed certificate to a trio of long-hair, mud-strewn diggers. He grinned like a cat, as if their approval of him might be some help to his dreams of promotion. It was a wonderful world if the anti-government protest might help the Minister's ambitions within that government. What would they think of him in Westminster, she wondered? It can't possible be as simple as that!
The Minister moved on. The police were making plans to re-assert their authority, and the next move for them was to bring back the police horses. It hadn't ended so well last time, but now the pallet fence was gone - they were more hopeful.
Melia looked in wonder as the Junior Minister happily posed for pics in front of the line of equine order keeps.
If she had looked behind her, she would have been even more shocked. From behind the farmhouse, where a friend had dropped her off, then parked their car, came the bedraggled figure of Liv.
Melia's Cousin Liv. She was still ill, unsteady on her feet, but she was determined to see what was going on. She couldn't make sense of it, of course: Melia trailing around behind a man in a suit being photographed. The anti-frackers gathered round their prize by the fire. Melia walking along to the police horses and the line of police -
And there was Mickey. Unmistakable, even in his dark uniform and woollen hat. He was tall, striking, and the men of his Unit stood at the end of line, alongside the police and supporting them. They were impatient, but loyal.
Liv turned away. The last thing she wanted was to see Mickey. She pulled back, into the shadow of the barn, and watched the bizarre spectacle from a distance. Maybe I'll get to talk to him later, she was thinking.
Then she saw the strangest thing happen. A helicopter appeared over the trees, and seemed to hover for a moment, then took off, heading west. A policeman with a walkie-talkie had been immediately below it, maybe receiving a message. He took off like a bat out of hell, running down the lane, looking for his boss.
The Police Superintendent was in a good mood. He had his horses back, and a government Minister had seen fit to come and inspect the troops. It would be good for morale, he was thinking. It couldn't possibly be criticism, he assumed.
The policeman with the radio came running in, demanding to report. The Superintendent looked embarrassed, then shocked.
"Repeat that," he said calmly, but his mind was racing.
"The West Cheshire hunt is heading our way. They've found a fox, and it's going east, right along the brook."
The Minister was outraged. Hunting with Hounds was outlawed, and not by his party, but years before. It was against the Law. How dare they? He would have strong words with his counterpart back in Parliament, when he got there.
The Police Superintendent was confused. His own horses had nearly come to grief on the field beside the stream, but if a local Hunt were to have the same problem - He haltingly tried to explain to the Minister, who nearly missed the point. Then his brow cleared, and he came to a conclusion. The people out riding: they would be people who voted for him.
"We have to ensure their safety!" he declared. "That is your first priority."
Melia didn't understand whose helicopter it was, and why they had spotted the Hunt in the first place. There was no time for questions, and she was swept aside. After all, she was merely one of the protesters to the Minister: he didn't know she worked for him and his colleagues. He didn't know she was 'undercover'.
Melia watched in wonder as the police horse lined up along the lane, and, for the first time in their careers, made a headlong advance against another set of steeds. It was a cavalry charge, worthy of the early days of the First World War, before it all got bogged down and mired in mud and artillery shells. It was dashing, it was chivalrous.
It was all about priorities, as the Minister had said.


CHAPTER SEVEN:  Old wounds

"I'm here to kill Bridie," Caulfield said.
Melia stared hard at the Deputy Director. He had flown up north from London specially, she knew that, but she imagined he was just concerned for his staff, knowing that Gibson has been supplanted. He loved Gibson, worshipped him. Everyone knew that he hoped to replace him someday, which was maybe why he resented the imposition of a new Director. But still - Caulfield was loyal. He had served the Crown all his life, ever since his days in Hong Kong, and he respected his bosses, usually.
This was different.
Melia could see that he had made an effort; Caulfield was noted for his taste in expensive clothes. Usually he was seen in made-to-measure Italian suits, well cut to his increasingly growing girth. He had his hair carefully styled, and shoes were always polished. Today, perhaps in deference to the nature of the locale, he was in a heavy waterproof waxed coat, and Wellington boots.
He'd had trouble finding Melia, he admitted. He had been in the camp for over an hour, he said, before he finally came across her. It was typical of him: somehow he hadn't remembered that she might be in disguise, trying to fit in.
Still, he was a gentleman. He omitted to mention the mud on her face.
Back to business - his mission, which caused him to leave his comfortable office in London and venture forth.
"You can't do it," Melia stated flatly.
Caulfield was heated, angry and frustrated.
"They shouldn't have done it!" he said, his voice low, since they both knew they might be overheard. "The boss is approaching retirement," he went on, not mentioning names, "everyone knows that. But let him leave with dignity, for God's sake!"
"How are things down south?" Melia enquired sweetly.
Caulfield took a breath. His gaze drifted around the camp, as if he was noting the insanitary conditions, and disapproving.
"It's mayhem," he replied. "We had a system. Everyone knew where they stood. It's shaken up now. Completely."
No one doing your bidding? Melia wanted to ask, sarcastically. She had never liked Caulfield, ever; he was so arrogant, so full of himself, so self-centred and bigoted. He pressed all of her buttons, and not in a good way.
"What the hell's happening now?" he muttered, looking over towards the lane.
The police were mustering again, a crowd of them arriving, spearheaded by the Superintendent.
"It's an exchange of prisoners," Melia said calmly.
It was Caulfield's turn to gasp. It couldn't be happening! The government would never negotiate -
Well, there was a first time for everything. The police had tried another manoeuvre, getting a squad in behind the protesters, this time by taking the very, very dangerous option of making them go round the back and cross the railway line. It was one of the busiest routes in the North West, and trains whistled by continuously. It was a terrible risk.
Well, they crossed the tracks, but they had to wait for a safe gap so that meant they were spotted; when the contingent arrived at the woods, they were met with men and women holding spears. You are our prisoners, they were told.
Hostage taking was frowned on by police and politicians alike. But it just so happened that the Superintendent had ordered another 'forceful' morning, which resulted in minibuses full of arrested protesters, waiting to be taken to court on trumped-up charges. It was an opportunity: we'll let them go, if you let ours go. That was the offer.
Caulfield watched in wonder as a dozen policemen in uniform were herded out into No Man's Land, the muddy swathe between the trenches and the lane, and around the same number of scruffy anti-frackers were released from the vans and brought across to meet them. With the Superintendent supervising, the two groups swapped places.
Justice seemed to have been done.
"I'm not sure I can report this back to Head Office," Caulfield said, uncomfortably.
Because they wouldn't believe you?
"Because they wouldn't approve."
Melia sighed. The Deputy Director was so stuffy and old-fashioned; he needed to learn what life had been like for her, out here in the fields, living the protesting life, roughing it. She grabbed him a mug of tea and invited him back to her tent.
She forgot it was occupied.
Benni Aas, the German-born folk singer, had tired of singing and sitting in a chair by the allotment beds. He had come wandering back into the central area, and chanced upon Melia. She took pity on him, when she saw his dishevelled state, so she took him in. He stretched out on her sleeping bag, pushed his guitar case into the corner, and snoozed.
Caulfield woke him up.
The Deputy Director wasn't impressed that he was a musician. Or that he appeared to be a foreign national.
"German?" he snapped, as if quizzing a suspect. "You've been in the country long? Do you have any English blood?"
The question made Benni think of his mother, and he started to cry. Tears were rolling down his cheeks.
"This man's depressed," Caulfield snapped. "Fetch more tea."
Melia hesitated, unsure what was going on. Her deputy boss had started aggressively; what was he now?
She watched in wonder as he scuffled down onto his knees and crawled inside the small tent. He carefully undid his coat, moved forward and laid it tenderly around Benni's shoulders, all the while talking to him, comfortingly.
Melia did as she was told. When she returned with more cups, Caulfield had his arm around the youngster.
When Melia slid inside, she saw that her Deputy Director was actually being supportive.
"My sister had depression," Caulfield said, to no one in particular. "For many years. She was in and out of hospital. There was nothing any of us could do. She had caring parents and three active brothers. None of us could do anything. We were helpless."
And then, even though Melia was thinking she would never be surprised by anything Caulfield did or said, she noticed - unbelievably - that he had started to cry too. Great sobs came choking out of him. He looked awful.
"There, there," he was saying. "I know, I know," he told Benni, and Melia was lost: what did he know? Why didn't she?
"We cry for those we love," he was saying. "And we miss them when they're gone. But we still love them."
His sister? Was Caulfield talking about his sister?
"We stood by," he was saying, quietly, in a whisper, "like an Honour Guard. We bear witness to their suffering but we can't intervene. They are lost across a great sea, a divide that we can't travel over."
Melia sipped her tea, keeping her head down. She was 'lost' herself: she didn't know what any of it meant.
"I lost her," Caulfield was saying. "We loved her but it wasn't enough. She killed herself, despite all our caring."

On the other hand, the Police Superintendent was jubilant. Things seemed to be going his way.
His last plan, to attack from the undefended rear, hadn't worked, but he'd got all his troops back safely now, and was ready to try another plan. This one was better, he decided: less risk, less need for action.
He was bringing in the helicopters.
The problem, for the fracking company, was the damage to their drilling rig: it needed replacement. They had tried the road route, and that had just led to trouble. There had to be a better way. The policeman pointed to the sky. Let's fly it in, he suggested, and watched their amazed reactions. I can make it work, he assured them.
The first stage was to march all his police men and women down the lane and form and impenetrable barrier, half a dozen bodies thick. No protester was going to get within ten yards of the drill site, since there were people in blue uniforms blocking their way by their sheer presence. It wasn't clever, it wasn't subtle, but it did the trick.
The next step required the drilling company to go in to the airport and hire the biggest helicopter on the aerodrome. That wasn't hard. Then they brought the massive delivery lorry round to the back of the runway, and allowed the aircraft to connect chains onto the new drill rig that sat on the back of the flat-bed truck. With a few people waving paddles at the pilots, the helicopter lifted slowly off the ground, took up the slack and hauled the equipment smoothly into the air.
Everyone nearby cheered. Stage complete.
The noise of the rotor blades alerted the protestors to the news that something was happening, and many of them came out of their bivouacs and started walking towards the drill site. They could see the helicopter coming in slowly, slowly over the trees. As it approached the well head they pressed forward, and met with the human shield. They cursed, booed, shouted stuff, but nothing moved, nothing gave. They were completely blocked, helpless, as the airborne delivery system did its job.
The anti-frackers weren't prepared for this development, and worse, they had lost their leadership. They desperately needed Muddy, or someone like him, to shout: 'Let's try round the other way', or 'Everyone do this, now!'
But there was nothing. No one was there to lead a charge, a retreat, or a sideways move. No one at the front had any ideas, and they drifted dispiritedly back to the camp-fire. No one at the back could come up with anything, either. They stood around for a while, watched the chains disengage and the helicopter lift and back up out of sight, then they went back to where they had been before too. There was a huge sense of deflation. It was all going wrong, but what could they do?

Around lunchtime, when veggie sausages were being served around the fire, something happened to cheer them up.
The Rickshaw Riders arrived from Blackpool.
It had been a great idea, but most people didn't really believe it would happen. Someone in Blackpool, the seaside town, who owned a rickshaw and spent the summer driving tourists up and down the front, offered to organise a Sponsored Ride down to Salford. It was an indirect route, going around the towns on East Lancashire, but each stop meant a new opportunity to garner funds and gather support. They carried petitions, and they all got filled up, and so did the collecting tins.
Most surprisingly, they collected other vehicles. There weren't more than a dozen rickshaws in the whole of Blackpool, but some arrived from Fleetwood, Morecambe and Southport, and some even cycled down from Glasgow and the River Clyde. The procession started as a small group, but soon, with more rickshaws joining, from all over Greater Manchester, it was needing a full half hour to pass any particular point. They camped out overnight, had a good time, and were in a really great mood when the advance guard finally pulled in to the anti-fracking camp. The new arrivals rattled their tins to show their earnings, but demurred at praise for that: the real kudos needed to go to the campers, they said, for hanging in there and making the point that fracking wasn't welcome anywhere in North West England.
As if pats on backs wasn't enough, the farmer came along with more cider, plus fresh veg he had picked from his grounds, and the cooking pots were soon all filled and bubbling. It was time for yet another feast.
It ruined the Police Chief's day too.
He was planning a counter-attack. Buoyed up by the success of the arrival of the new drill, he felt elated, and had ordered his men to form lines behind the hedge. They would go in, he decided, storm through that camp like a hurricane, ripping up tents, wrecking shelters, putting out fires. They would render the area uninhabitable, and drive the campers away. All that would be left would be a wasteland, and, so the policeman figured, the drilling could proceed in peace.
He would create devastation, a 'scorched earth' policy, that would render the protesters homeless and destitute. They wouldn't be inclined to try and stand up to him again. He would have won.
The rickshaw traffic jam blocked his plans.
There were rickshaws right up to the main road, with more arriving every minute. Those that arrived earlier couldn't stop, they were so happy; they scooped up demonstrators and took them for rides all over the site, around the farm, and down to the railway. Every space was taken up, every path filled. There was no room for the police to advance; they couldn't move from where they were. The attack had to be postponed, and the Police Superintendent was livid.
"It's not safe," his Liaison Officer was saying. "There is no clear line. You will cause casualties."
The Superintendent ground his teeth. That was what I had in mind! he was thinking, but he realised, even in his ecstatic state, that he wouldn't get away with it: there were too many observers. He would be reprimanded.
Maybe I should wait until it's dark, he thought. It will be different then. My time will come.

Meanwhile, Mickey was in Regional Office.
The summons had come early in the morning, and it was marked with an interesting attachment. It read 'Solo'.
Just him? Being as careful as possible, he asked around: anyone going anywhere today? His colleagues looked blank. So, they hadn't had the call, then. He made an excuse, and people nodded: Mickey was his own man. Sometimes he had things to do. Sandy, his nominal section leader on this mission, merely nodded. Okay, see you later, he said.
Mickey took one of the cars and drove up the A57 into Salford. He had time to spare, so he called in at Eccles and sat in a real café, with real people, and ate a real breakfast. It was like a holiday, a break from reality.
Several people gave curious glances to the big man in the corner, dressed all in black. But they were too polite to say anything. Mickey felt himself relaxing, like a tremendous weight was lifting off his shoulders. He felt completely refreshed when he got back on the road and drove into the innocuous side street that was host to the nondescript building that was HQ.
It was an old factory, maybe fifty or sixty years old, from the outside. Behind the blank brick walls, there were layers of steel and a lead lining, to shield wireless transmissions. It also had basements, several layers, where the computers were.
Mickey parked at the back and bounded up the stairs to the first floor level. He went into the Briefing Room, right on time.
There were two people in the room. One was Terry, the technician. The other was a middle-aged man in a suit, who looked vaguely familiar. Mickey had seen him recently. At the camp?
"Minister?" he said, as the man rose to shake his hand.
"I have a responsibility in the Department of the Environment," he explained. "It allows me to get out and about, to travel. I was at the anti-fracking camp this morning, handing out certificates. It's a useful cover. No one back in London will be asking what I was doing in Salford." They would ask? He smiled. "I also have a Security Brief."
There was a brief pause while catering staff brought in refreshments. Mickey passed on the sandwiches, but he accepted a cup of coffee. The trolley was left for their use, then the waiters left them in peace.
Mickey had been thinking furiously. 'Security' was a big department, split into several sections. Right now, even Mickey's section was split. The question was, whose side was this man on?
"I'm not here to represent Bridie Suiter," the Minister said quietly. "I am here because of her."
Mickey was still tense. He looked at Terry, but Terry was calm. He obviously knew something that Mickey didn't.
The man from London said: "She was appointed by the Prime Minister, so it might seem as though we have to accept that. However, many of us in the Department, and in the House, have concluded that he made a big mistake."
Mickey nodded. He was beginning to get the drift. If Members of Parliament were questioning the Prime Minister's judgement -
"It's a very delicate situation," the Minister went on, "but then, that's politics. I don't expect you people to know about, or care about, that. You had a job to do. My job, for what it's worth, is to make sure that you're free to do it."
He laid his hands on the table, and was very serious. Was this treason? It was certainly undermining the Cabinet.
"I can't say I support Captain Gibson at this time," he explained. "Certainly not publicly. But I hope you will accept my assurances that I do, and I always have. Your Unit has been at the forefront of everything the government is trying to do to keep this country safe. Captain Gibson has done a superb job, and if I had my way, he wouldn't have been moved. In fact, he wouldn't be moving in the future. I'm going to hate it when he retires."
He was looking at the other two men, and they were nodding back at him. They understood what he was saying, then, but he doubted if they really understood the risk he was taking in being there, with them. His career was on the line.
"However," he said, confiding even more, "we can't ignore the fact that Bridie is one dangerous cookie. She is a ruthless business woman, everyone knows that, but information has come to me that indicates she may have stooped to far more serious crimes than cutting prices and destroying her competition. She may have wiped them out. Literally."
Mickey gasped. In Britain? Today? Murder?
The government Minister stooped to allow himself a wry smile. "I asked Caulfield to check it out," he said.
Everyone exchanged glances. They all knew what that meant: nothing would have happened.
He went on: "What can I say? Rumours. Unsubstantiated allegations. The problem is that they are persistent, and have been dogging her path for years. There can't be smoke without fire. Are we agreed on that?"
Mickey looked blank. What could he say? He didn't like the woman - but he had no evidence whatsoever. None.
The Minister took a pause before he let loose his next few words.
"There is another problem, standing beside her," he said. "Her brother. Compared to her, this dilemma dwarfs her completely."
Mickey had to smile. He had seen the brother, a short, squat man - not 'towering' at all.
"In his case," the MP said quietly, "we have more than enough evidence. Terry?"
Terry Two was sitting in front of a laptop computer. He had been fiddling with the keyboard earlier. Now he spun it around on the table top and pointed it at Mickey, so he could see the screen. He pressed a button and a video started.
It was a hopeless jumble - people walking, people talking, people going into buildings and coming out again. At one point, several people climbed into a car; the camera focussed on the side window, and showed Bridie's brother was sitting inside.
This was 'proof'?
"It's not just who he associates with," the Minister explained, "it's where and when. If we cross-check these meetings with bank account deposits, then, quite clearly, deals were made and paid for. Work was commissioned. We have followed these 'contractors' and we know what they have done. It's prima faciae evidence of conspiracy, at the very least."
"Then why don't you arrest him?"
"He has powerful friends."
Firstly, there was the Prime Minister. David Cameron had invested a lot in saying how Bridie and her brother were a wonderful example of the 'new spirit of drive, ambition and business acumen' in the country. The pair had been showered with awards and featured on the front cover of entrepreneurial magazines. If the legal services laid actual charges against the noveau riche duo, it would puncture an awful lot of balloons in the City of London.
Secondly, there was the church. Not the Church of England, fortunately, but certainly the second most popular church in their homeland of Scotland. The brother wore his religious credentials on his sleeve, and it had made him very popular back home. The Senior Ministers had come out in his support, and the Conclave had given him a certificate. What was the cause?
"He wants to ban gays from the Church," the Minister told Mickey.
Terry nodded. He already knew that. He was already upset about it; he took it personally.
Mickey said: "We've moved beyond that, surely?"
He was told: "You can always turn the clock back. It happens in this country once a year anyway, so why not?"
Terry added, moved to interject: "It's not just what happens 'officially'. This troll speaks out and young men in Scotland get drunk and go out on Saturday night looking for gay guys to beat up. There have been a few tragedies."
They were all silent. Yeah, they read the newspapers.
The Minister, stirred to words at last, said: "He's a hero in many parts because of his 'rags to riches' story. His advocacy of strong Christian principles - although completely hypocritical - makes him popular too. As a member of the Liberal party, I'd like nothing better than to take him down, and stop him spilling his hate-filled bile for good. But our partners in government won't stand for it. We need to be more clever, gentlemen. We have to find some subtle course."
Mickey looked at Terry. "You've got the brains," he said.
Terry shrugged. "I can come up with something, but what works on the internet might not work in real life. No, you guys are going to have to be the ideas people, in this case. You need me to do anything, I'll do it. But I can't invent it."
"I've got ideas," the Minister assured him, "but I need to think of my position. Whatever happens, it can't be me doing it."
All eyes turned to Mickey. Oh no, he was thinking; here we go again.
Then a light-bulb went off in his head.
"Leave it to me," he said quietly, trying to exude confidence. Yes, everything would be fine. He'd just had a great idea.
He would ask Melia.

Back at the camp, Melia had problems of her own.
The Media Circus had just gone into overdrive. Another famous face had arrived for them to gawp at.
Melia had no idea who he was. An older man, but skinny, thin as a rake, with curls for hair and a face as lined as rotten fruit. He was wearing ill-fitting dyed clothes. He was moving in a loose-limbed, unsteady way.
"He's a dancer," someone said, helping to fill in a few blanks.
Maybe I was out of the country, Melia was thinking. Whoever this guy was, he had once been a household name. He was a member of one of the most best-selling pop groups of the 1990s, apparently, and everybody younger than her recognised him straightaway. They seemed thrilled, pleased that he had come down to support the cause.
He seemed more interested in bees. He had been out in the far field with Farmer MacLawn, looking at hives that had been set up earlier in the month. It was a pet project of his, something he had helped to fund, people said.
Even Karlene approved. "You protect the bees, you save the planet," she told Melia.
But who was he? What was he doing? What good would it do him, and his music career?
Karlene laughed. "Oh, I think that's all over," she grinned. "No, he's here because he cares."
Yes, he 'cared' so much, he had helped found a whole new political party: The Floor Party. It had put up candidates in the local Council elections in May, both here and in central Salford. Melia gaped: had they come to Manchester?
Still, whatever the new campaigner was saying, he was immensely popular with the Press.
"Free jar of honey if you vote for me!" the skinny guy declared, dancing across the grass. He spun this way and that, a perfect photo-opportunity. Nothing he said made much sense, and he slurred his words, as if had lost some brain cells during his successful career topping the charts. I need to see your manifesto, Melia was thinking.
She might have managed to steer clear of the man, but for one thing: he knew Benni.
Somebody must have said something, because the song and dance man stopped dancing. He looked worried, concerned. He let people lead him over to the tent where Benni was resting. Melia was worried, then: it was her tent! The skinny man disappeared inside, then emerged many minutes later, helping Benni to stand up in the sunlight. His helper was smiling, as if pleased with his work. Then he helped Benni some more, by fetching the German's guitar case and assisting him in getting the guitar out and ready. With more encouragement, Benni started to play something, and the more famous man from the pop band seemed delighted. He whirled and laughed, dancing around Benni like he was the Pied Piper.
At first, people had been content to watch, but then, with encouragement from the photographers, they joined in. Benni started playing Olde English Morris tunes, and the people started holding hands, swirling each other round, in a disorganised attempt at a country dance. They were all having fun, Melia noted; it didn't seem to matter that it wasn't accurate.
Then she saw Liv.
Melia gasped. Her cousin was there, in the background. She was behind a group of people. She wasn't dancing - she looked too ill for that - but she was there, in the camp. Melia's head whirled with questions: how long had she been there? Had she just arrived? Why hadn't she said anything? Why hadn't she let her know she was coming?
Melia moved forward, but the dancing was getting more intense, and she couldn't get through. Some young people had started a weird kind of Line Dance on this near side, while the ones in the middle were still grabbing each other like it was an Irish ceilidh. Then Benni started singing to his tune and - again, to Melia's amazement - people started joining in. They knew the songs?
It would have been all right, still, but then the drummers started up. Melia had forgotten about them. There had always been the sound of bongos around the camp-fire, but this was worse: Asian drums, bells and shakers from the Samba enthusiasts. They liked to drum and they liked to march. Without a word of command, they organised themselves and formed into a line, moving around the grassy area, parading in front of the tents, while people laughed and urged them on. So irresponsible!
Melia wanted to talk to Liv, so she had to divert around the back, behind the tents, and around the side facing the farmhouse. People were all pressing forward to see the 'stars' and hear the music, so she had a clear run for a while. But then there was another crowd on the side facing the wood. Melia had lost sight of Liv, but she kept moving, over towards the hill.
But then Liv saw Melia.
For some reason she seemed reluctant to talk to her cousin, and started to back away. Everyone else was moving forward, and she was a lone body heading in the opposite direction. It was a struggle not to get mixed up in the crowd, and she still felt weak and out of sorts. She had checked herself out of the hospital, but against advice, and they'd had a point; she was a little depressed and sorry for herself, but also her body had suffered. She was covered in bruises and only moved with pain.
Liv backed up towards the trenches, then had to take a line along the field, since she couldn't cross them. Soon she was on open ground, and so easier to spot. Melia, searching this way and that, saw her then, and moved towards her.
Melia saw Liv, but almost at once she saw something else: the diggers were still hard at work, extending the trenches right up to the wood, but they had also gone sideways, making support trenches. One of them was going right into the hill. Melia had one thought: Muddy had gone! She had an agreement with him to avoid the hill, but he wasn't there anymore. He was there to organise, to order, to lead the plans. In his absence, the diggers had gone in all directions.
Worse than that, the Energy Group had gone wild too. Not content with wind and water, they had also decided to investigate geothermal energy as a possible source on the farm. Melia was horrified to see that they had set up a small drilling rig on top of the low hill, and were drilling down to find hot rocks to warm water for heating and electricity generation.
Liv was backing up, still looking as if she didn't want to talk, or interact in any way. The direction she was moving in would take her right to the main fence, the boundary of the farm, and she'd have to make a decision then, whether to go through the gate, or under the hedge into the lane. Behind her, the main drilling rig, the fracking device, loomed high over the trees.
But behind her, there was some fuss. The diggers were shouting, calling to each other. A little crowd was gathering.
They had found something.
The people with spades and shovels who were building the side trench heading west, the ones who were cutting into the hill - much against Melia's wishes and Muddy's instructions - had uncovered something unpleasant. Melia couldn't see much, but it looked like an arm and a leg poking out of the side of the trench.
The diggers were gazing in wonder, as if they thought they had uncovered a Saxon burial chamber and the low hill was some kind of ancient mound or barrow, like you could find around the Stonehenge area in Wiltshire. Melia could have told them different: her guess was that no remains would be older than the 1950s and most were probably a lot more recent.
Other than that, there was nothing she was allowed to say. It was government business. Top Secret.


CHAPTER EIGHT:  Stones in their passway

The next day, supporters arrived from Essex.
In some ways, it was bad news for them. The campaigners from down south had been slung off the land they were occupying. At first, it had been a similar situation to here in Salford, with the local farmer letting them camp out on his land. But then the Local Authority had gone to Court and taken out a Nuisance Injunction against the protesters, calling them a 'blot on the landscape'. The Council managed to find some residents who would stand up in the Witness Box and say they were inconvenienced, and that was enough for the Magistrates: they gave the authorities leave to clear the site. It didn't take more than an hour.
Some of them, bullied and harassed, went home. Others, made of sterner stuff, decided to continue the fight elsewhere. That possibility included maybe going to Rotherham, or Lincolnshire. As it happened, most of them chose Salford. (Maybe it was easier getting the train to Manchester - a direct route.) They arrived mid-morning, slung their bags on the ground and congregated around the main camp-fire, swigging tea and telling horror stories of their experiences.
They had had it tougher. The police officer in charge of the area down there had taken a 'pro-active' approach from the very start, allowing his staff to brutalise the protesters, club heads and smack faces, women and children alike. It hadn't made him popular in the local newspaper, but opinion was divided anyway, locally: there was a lot of support in Essex for fracking. The local residents had been persuaded the new venture would create local jobs and provide cheap power. They wanted to give it a chance.
Melia was in Karlene's tent, looking out, when the tide swept in. She could hear them talking, and got the general gist, even if not the details. It was an interesting development, she was thinking. Then her phone rang.
Karlene was still in the sleeping bag, but was persuaded to get up and go and fetch some drinks while Melia took the call. It was just as well: it was Terry Two, and he had a message. Short and to the point.
"Undercover included," he said tersely.
Melia got the point. Terry had been monitoring communications, so knew the contingent was arriving. He had been listening in to their conversations and soon found out a shocking fact: there were undercover cops amongst the so-called 'protesters'. Melia shouldn't have been surprised: it was what she was, after all. But the idea that they wouldn't have been withdrawn by their bosses - despite moving out of area- but had been left in place, spying, even though they were now in Salford.
It was a breach of Protocol. They should have handed over to local Law Enforcement.
Karlene came back, one steaming mug in each hand. She handed one cup of tea to Melia and gave her a huge smile.
Melia froze. As the cup came within reach, Karlene's hand seemed to brush against Melia's right breast. She looked down. Had she imagined it? Was it an accident? Karlene had an expression on her face which said: Just being friendly.
What was going on? Melia had spent two nights with the girl so far, and nothing had happened at either time. If she wanted to get 'romantic', Melia was thinking, why not think of it before? Why now?
Karlene didn't have much on. She was walking around in a flimsy nightgown, that might have been mistaken for summer dress, perhaps, except that it was practically see-through when against the light. Was she being provocative?
Now, feigning chill, Karlene sat down beside Melia and snuggled up. Soon, they were both sitting in the mouth of the tent, huddled on the sleeping bag, rocking gently on the blow-up mattress. Melia stirred; this was too close for comfort.
So uncomfortable, Melia decided to take action. I need to look after Benni, she announced, and left.
Fortunately, she was dressed. As usual, in her trademark black jeans and leather jacket, she still had her mug of tea in her hand when she shuffled out of Karlene's tent and walked around the crowds. She decided that the barn was the best place to look for Benni; the makeshift stage seemed to hold an attraction for him. He hadn't moved far from it since the concert.
Not even the discovery of the body - Melia shivered at the recollection. The diggers had been forced to stop by their grisly discovery. Strangely, since they were still part of the Anti-fracking Camp, they called the police. Boys in blue arrived in minutes. They put yellow tape around the area and sent for the Coroner's Office. All digging stopped. The trenches were emptied.
There wasn't much singing that night. The atmosphere became strangely sombre. However, when Melia went out later for a little walk, she found Benni and a half dozen other musicians gathered at the foot of the barn, exchanging old folk tunes. They took it in turns to play things they knew: it seemed to be a game of 'I know a song you don't'. If people did, they joined in. If you happened to sing a song that nobody could join in with, in some strange way, you won.
Benni won often.
Melia was sure she saw him smile at such times, but such expressions were rare; Benni had become increasingly moody, unhappy and withdrawn. She couldn't trace it to any particular thing, any actual event. He just seemed to be sinking inside himself, and not even Caulfield's sympathy managed to drag him out of it. He looked like he was in a downward spiral.
Where was he now? On a hunch, Melia went into the barn and started checking the bodies lying sprawled in the straw. Sure enough, Benni was over in one corner, his coat drawn around his skinny shoulders, and his guitar case pulled up to his chest. She plonked down beside him, but he was asleep. She sat with him a while, but he didn't wake up.
After a while, a new crisis split the camp. The pigs escaped.
Farmer MacLawn had less than a dozen pigs and mostly kept them in a field by the fish ponds. Occasionally, he let them out into the woodland, to root amongst the brambles and find what forage they could. On just such a visit, he had found himself distracted, and the clever animals had found a way through the fence and into the field beyond. That led straight into the camp. They caused some distress and a lot of confusion, rooting around the tents and belongings.
For the visitors, it was a great adventure. They hadn't been so close to animals - the Essex farm was all arable - and seeing the stampede of pigs was a rare burst of excitement. They enthusiastically joined in trying to corral the beasts.
Melia watched lazily from the shelter of the bar. She had no inclination to leave the warm hay bales, or to risk tumbling over in the mud. The pigs, she knew, wouldn't be deliberately dangerous, but you could trip over them, or they could knock into you. It wouldn't take much to send you sprawling, and Melia was feeling a little delicate. She felt strangely threatened by Karlene and a little abandoned by Benni. She didn't know who she could call on for support. Muddy was gone - Well, yes, there was Mickey, a small voice said inside her. But she hadn't seen him, had no idea where he was, or whether he cared.
She shook herself. No point in getting depressed like Benni, she started thinking.
Melia got to her feet. Benni wasn't moving, but he appeared to be breathing. It was safe to leave him, then.
She strolled back into the main field, hanging back, but watching the pig herders. In a way, it was funny. They were slowly getting organised, realising it was best to block the entrances, the gates and so on, then slowly move inwards, not fast enough to alarm the pigs, and wait until they naturally gathered together.
The only sticky moment was when one fell in a trench, and started squealing piteously. Everyone stopped, sorry for the animal. There was a slight pause. Suddenly it was quiet, and a new noise emerged.
The hideous howling of diesel engines.
All the people turned towards the hedge. A solid line of minibuses was proceeding up the lane, towards the drill site. Blue vans, unmarked, but obviously filled with men and women in uniform. Police. It was reinforcements, dozens of them.

On the other side of the lane, Mickey was as surprised as anyone.
The chief of police had made no statement. Maybe that was deliberate: he didn't want his people gossiping, saying things that might be overheard by the protesters. He had obviously decided on a huge show of force, and he wanted it to be as surprising and shocking as possible. In a way it was lucky that the demonstrators from Essex had arrived. Now the protest had received 'reinforcements', but now they would know that it was all they could expect. Their numbers would be as high as they could ever be; when they saw the police forces arrive, relentlessly, the opposition would begin to realise that soon they would be outnumbered, disastrously, and that they could never win. They would be repulsed, sooner or later. They would lose.
Mickey sighed. He wondered how Melia's morale was holding up, and whether she would feel overwhelmed.
He should contact her - No, he couldn't. He'd heard that Caulfield was on site now, which meant he would have to watch himself. The Deputy Director didn't like Mickey, and was always looking for ways to get him in trouble. He was on watch to see Mickey slip. Mickey sometimes thought he was just waiting for an excuse to sack him. It was possible.
For now, Mickey would have to play along.
It wasn't pleasant. Someone else resented his presence: the Police Superintendent. This man seemed to see the members of the Unit as interferers, people with a different agenda, getting in his way, and spoiling his plans.
Because he did have plans: later that morning, once the minibuses emptied and returned to central Manchester, lorries started arriving, loaded with concrete blocks. They were staffed by civilian contractors, people used to handling building materials. But this was a particular assignment: they used the cranes at the back of the low-loaders to lift the huge blocks and place them in a line across the top of the lane. A double line. Now that the Superintendent had proved he could bring in supplies to the drillers from the air, he didn't need the road. It could be blocked. For ever.
It was like the Final Solution. The protesters would not get through. Ever again.
But that was not all. Behind the hedge, in between the trees, the men in the lorries unloaded more equipment, and started assembling it under tarpaulin tents. It was impossible to see what was happening, but word travelled fast: miners. The Police Authority had brought in tunnellers, to go down into the earth, then head out west, under the hedge, under the road, and under the anti-frackers' trenches. It was a devilish plan, to form a means of breaking into the protest camp - from underneath. It might take days to make the tunnel, but once built, the police had access to a knock-out blow, which they could deliver at their leisure. The demonstrators would have no defence against police forces coming up out of the ground, behind them.
While that specialist team began work, the rest of the uniforms had little to do. They had orders to form up into small groups, and were marched up and down the lane, along the hedge, but that was just to distract the protestors and given them the impression that nothing much was happening, it was all routine. Just a 'normal day' in a protest camp. They wouldn't notice anything out of the ordinary, or have reason to become alarmed.
Yet the Police Superintendent couldn't help but overplay his hand. He had brought in another load of equipment, and that was being assembled too; fence panels. Four metres tall and wide, the metal sides and tops and bottoms were joined by thick steel netting. The pieces were supported by steel posts driven into the ground and joined together by metal brackets. The plan was to erect them behind the hedges, on the police side, so that they weren't easily visible, but the intention was clear: once in place, the demonstrators would not be able to attack the police lines, or come into the fields where the police were assembled. It was one more way of hemming the protesters in, literally, behind a wall of concrete and steel.
Mickey found Sandy watching the building work. He didn't approve.
"Who's paying?" he observed sharply. Where was the money coming from to defend the fracking company, a commercial concern? Was the taxpayer being asked to defend their profit-making interests?
It wasn't what I joined up for, Sandy said cynically. He turned away in disgust.
"Get the boys together," the NCO ordered Mickey. "We're going for a late breakfast."
It was as much to talk as to eat, Mickey knew. The Unit had long ago decided not to fraternise with the police people at meal times; they had discovered the food van that usually parked in the lay-by on the main road into Manchester, and that was good enough for them. The food was adequate - better than they got on manoeuvres - and they could brief and de-brief in the privacy of a grass verge on a public highway. It was good enough for WSB.
The men in black trudged up the lane somewhat dispiritedly. They weren't enjoying the current deployment. Some of them were against protesters - on principle - but nobody was persuaded that ramming pipes in the earth to drag out yet more natural gas was any kind of answer to the country's problems. Not even the Prime Minister's considered speech. They were there, they were following orders, but none of them could say they were having fun. Sometimes, as Mickey knew, the men and women of the Unit felt justified in what they did - they knew it was often a matter of National Security.
But this? This was a joke.
They walked fast, building up a healthy appetite, then saw a strange thing.
The police had formed a check-point at the head of the lane, where it came off the main road, and were stopping all cars that wanted to come in to the site. The occupants were being foreced to climb out and were being searched. The cars were being searched. But more than that: they were being emptied of their contents. Bags and suitcases were out on the side of the road, and the police were going through them.
Searching for offensive weapons or drugs was fair game, the Unit knew that. But the police seemed to have a different target: food. They were turning over the contents of the suitcases, then slinging them back into the vehicles. But anything edible was being confiscated. There were large black bins on the side of the road, and packets, tins, bottles and jars, were being turfed unceremoniously into them. All comestibles were now contraband, it seemed.
Also, the cars weren't allowed to proceed, and were being told to go away. They could park in Irlam and walk back, they were told. That was clever: it meant that the new arrivals wouldn't be able to bring in more than they could carry. Bed rolls and some clothes maybe, but no tents, chairs, anything comfortable.
But the food - Mickey sighed. The Police Superintendent was trying to starve the protestors out!

Or worse.
Melia was still in the main field, by the biggest camp fire, when the hoses started.
At first, it wasn't clear what was happening. Rain? Great floods of water seemed to be falling from the sky, and people around her were getting soaked, from head to toe. Melia's brain couldn't compute this new development. She knew - as if for certain - that the police had no fire hoses. They hadn't been able to put out the well head fire, after all. Muddy had offered them the use of his pumps and the resources of the fish ponds. But - the new evidence was clear. The police had found a water supply, maybe tapping into the brook, further up, near the railway embankment, or maybe they had access to a main drain or water pipe.
Whatever, they had high pressure hoses and were playing them from behind the hedge, out of sight.
The water rained down on the people, but also swept over the bonfire, and the flames sizzled and faded. People started shouting when they saw that, especially when the kettles were swept over. No tea! Panic was setting in.
But the worst thing, by far, was when the men behind the hoses got the measure of their range and moved them slowly north and east, towards the low hill. It meant that water was flooding into the trenches!
There were screams, genuine screams, as protestors in the trenches, people digging and people helping, realised that the trenches would fill up - there was no place for it to drain out. The ground would become sodden and saturated, and might swallow their boots, making it impossible to move. In short, they might drown.
"Get them out!" Melia yelled, suddenly taking charge. "Everybody! Fetch ropes!"
Overcoming her natural reluctance to show herself, still committed to keeping the sort of low profile that was necessary to be an effective spy, Melia was swept along by the necessity of the situation. These people weren't soldiers. They had no training. They wouldn't have the first clue about how to get out of a water-filled trench. Lives were at risk!
People started to move. They began to see that what might be a mere inconvenience to someone around the camp-fire - or might even be fun, dancing in the descending shower - could be a matter of life and death for the diggers. They looked around. What to do? Luckily, there was direction: a woman in a leather jacket was splitting people into groups and giving orders.
It was tricky. 'Rescuers', moving forward, tended to stand too close to the edge of the trench, then, leaning in, the wet ground gave way under their feet and they tumbled in too. There were then more people to rescue!
The only way that worked was to form some kind of human chain, the person closest to the edge being held by someone behind them, and they were held, and so on, back for a distance, right onto solid ground. That seemed to work, and the person close to the side could safely lean in, extend a hand, and the person in the trench could reach up and sieze that hand and haul themselves up. Mostly. Sometimes they were so stuck in the mud, they couldn't be shifted. They were the ones screaming.
Then ropes arrived, supplied by the farmer. That worked, either with people being tied together, so that they supported each other. Or else a line being thrown in to the trench and the person below wrapping it around themselves and tying it off; then a parade of people formed backwards on the rope, and, like an old style Tug-of-War team, they worked to pull the victim free.
Melia was running up and down, encouraging, praising, urging the protesters to learn from each other. Look where it works! she was saying, and some people stopped whatever they were doing - usually wrong - and learned a lesson. She was proud of them for that. Also, proud of the ingenuity of the diggers: one of them had seen that the furthest trench, the one nearest the railway line, was actually level with the edge of the brook. He shouted to anyone within reach, and they all focussed on that one end. Digging together, furiously, they broke through the bank and water started to pour out of the trench system and into the stream. The water levels went down. The trenches were draining.
Then the rain stopped.
It was as abrupt as it had started. People paused in whatever they were doing, and looked around. What could have caused this cessation? What persuaded the police to desist? Only the arrival of the city's M.P.
Melia hadn't seen Honey Blair for months, not since she had announced she was standing down at the next General Election. She had taken on less public engagements, and her profile had declined sharply. There was a time when she was in the local paper every single week, but those days were over. Besides, the race to take her place had been fought and won; an election had taken place in the local Labour Party and a new candidate had been elected, in plenty of time before the next election.
Who was - nobody knew her name. That wasn't something you could say about Ms Blair, who had worked studiously at reminding people that she existed, and who she was and what she did. She represented the people of Salford, as she kept telling people. One day, perhaps, the new girl would do the same. Maybe then she would be as famous. Now? No.
It was a fortunate development, for the anti-frackers. When Honey's car drew up to the police checkpoint it caused panic. She was waved through, of course, and the police presence faded abruptly from view. The hoses stopped pumping and the lane, now simply wet and drying, was clear. Ms Blair and her entourage climbed out of their vehicle and looked around, waiting to make an inspection. The Police Superintendent appeared, but the visitors waved him away. They wanted to talk to the people.
Voters. They wanted to talk to the voters of Salford. They hadn't been warned about the recent arrivals from Essex, and the southern accents confused them a little. But when the word spread that it was the Salford M.P. on the field, Salford people surged forward - not to congratulate their Member of Parliament, necessarily, but to debate the issues. Local residents were not shy in expressing their views, and demanded to know where she had been. Why hadn't she come sooner? What was her stance on fracking? What was she going to do for them before the stepped down, for ever?
Melia lived in Manchester; her representative in the House of Commons was an entirely different person. She didn't need to bother Honey, or her replacement. All she needed, at that point, was a stiff drink, and she had an idea where she might find one. She went looking for Benni again.
She was relieved. Above all, Melia, drawing in a long intake of breath and letting it go slowly, felt a huge wave of relief. In her heart she knew they had no defence against several tons of water, and she was just so grateful the storm had abated. She wasn't sure if her work would have been sufficient if the police had continued with their deluge. Right now, they had a respite.

Caulfield was with the folksinger. She wasn't sure who owned the bottle of whisky, but was happy to share it anyway.
"It was close," she told the Deputy Director, and he nodded lazily. File a report, he said, not over bothered.
He had some paper cups in his bag and he offered one to Melia: the lady-like option. Benni, who had been drinking straight from the bottle, seemed to smarten up under Melia's gaze, and he took a cup too. He looked like he was trying to pull himself together. The dear, she was thinking: still trying to impress her.
He looked good. Lazily lying back against a hay bale, he was the perfect image of a bucolic singer, the way they wanted to look in the 1950s. The picture could almost have been staged, it was so perfect.
"Benni?" a voice said, behind them.
Melia turned. A young man was framed in the doorway, against the sunlight. He had a pencil in one hand and a notebook in the other. He was the perfect picture of a reporter, a man from a newspaper, like they used to be.
"I heard Benni Aas is in here," he said, struggling to see properly in the gloom.
Melia was feeling gracious. "Certainly," she said. "Step this way. Take a seat on the straw."
The man was a journalist, he accepted a drink. Sitting down, adjusting his hat, he made himself at home in the stable.
Benni was relaxed too, for once. The last few days hadn't gone well for him, but he looked okay now.
"I've got some questions," the man said. "Tell the truth, they usually put me on the sports stories, but music is my passion. Today, they sent me down here with the M.P. woman, but it was you I've come to see, Benni. You."
The singer smiled a little, ironic smile. Of course, he was thinking; I knew I would be in the spotlight eventually.
"You're part of a small, but important part of the scene," the reporter told him. "Your name is known."
Benni nodded.
"And forever associated with Vlad Hugg, the young singer from Swinton. So tell me, Benni, what's he like?"
Melia had to dodge out of the way as Benni roared to his feet and shot out of the door.
Caulfield took a deep breath. "You'd better go," he advised.
The reporter looked distraught. "I didn't know he'd be upset," he said, reaching for an answer.
"You'd better go," Caulfield repeated, "before I knock your block off! Take your filthy paper - "
He was gone before the end of the sentence.
Melia said: "I'd better go after him." She meant Benni.
Caulfield nodded. He was a good kid, he was thinking, with talent. He didn't know what talent he had.
The Deputy Director was feeling philosophical, stunned by the twists and turns of life at that moment.
"You know," he told Melia, "that Gibson was told he could use tanks. Tanks! In this country. The government are worried, Melia. There's an election coming in 2015 and nobody knows how it will go. It's wide open. All bets are off."
Melia nodded her head too. She'd thought about it. She knew their position wasn't secure.
Caulfield said: "They're nervous, and when people are nervous, anything can happen."

They were having an election in the camp.
By the time Melia got back to the campfire, various candidates were already making speeches. Honey Blair seemed pleased. Someone had found some deckchairs and set the M.P. and her entourage along one side. In effect, the Member of Parliament was acting as Chair of the meeting, calling people to order, allowing each speak a set amount of time.
She seemed happy to see democracy in action.
"Muddy has gone," a young man declared, "but we have to carry on his legacy."
Ah, that was it, Melia concluded. Finally, the campers had realised that their erstwhile 'leader' wouldn't be back any time soon, and there was a power vacuum at the top. Ms Blair was agreeing with the proposal to find a replacement: she liked direction, direction and clarity. She liked having orders, knowing where she stood.
"He wasn't the hero you think he was!" someone shouted.
There was a stunned silence. Everyone turned to see where the voice was coming from. It was Karlene.
The girl strode forward, took centre stage. She didn't seem angry, just very, very excited.
"You can't replace him, and you shouldn't!" she said, stating a case. "He wasn't very good at what he did."
There were boos, then taunts, then jeers. Muddy was the camp's hero. She couldn't just attack their figurehead like that, it wasn't sensible, Melia was thinking. Anyway, wasn't she shy, this Karlene? What had got into her?
"Let her speak," Honey Blair insisted, but she was being ignored now. Tempers were flaring.
In a matter of moments, various people had come running forward, outraged beyond belief. They seized Karlene and raised her shoulder high, and it wasn't in triumph. They started carrying her off.
Melia suddenly suddenly saw Benni. She hurried over. He seemed in a complete panic.
"There are bodies buried in the hill," he whispered, his tone hoarse and scared.
Oh, I don't think they're going to kill her, Melia wanted to say.
They didn't. The mob simply wanted to demonstrate their wrath. They carried Karlene along the track to the fish pond and slung her into the water. She emerged muddy and bedraggled, but not drowned.
Caulfield was at Melia's elbow, having come out of nowhere.
"They threw Rosa Luxembourg into the canal," he said obscurely, "at the end of the First World War."
Benni stared about him wildly, as if expecting the crowd to turn on him. He scurried away, looking left and right.
"Let him go," Caulfield advised. "He needs to calm down."
They all do, Melia told him. This 'election' is getting out of hand, like in the eighteenth century, how they did it then.
"She's right, of course," Caulfield said, his tone confidential. "Muddy isn't the hero they think he is. He's a police spy. We've had our eyes on him for years. He goes from camp to camp - He's very useful to them."
Melia gaped. She wasn't expecting that! The National Crime Task Force had a spy amongst the anti-frackers?
"Several," the Deputy Director told her. "Such as Karlene, your friend there. She's one."
Melia's jaw dropped completely open. Not just that the young woman appeared too dumb to be any kind of undercover agent - No, there was also the little issue of the fact that she had tried to seduce Melia. That seemed inappropriate for someone working for a law enforcement agency. Was it something new? Were they all doing that sort of thing now?
Caulfield stared into the distance. "Maybe I know too much," he said, his thoughts miles away.


CHAPTER NINE:  Pulling Out

The next morning, a bombshell dropped. A real one.
"Hey, you'd better come and listen to this!" people were shouting, crowding around a radio by the camp fire. They were tuned to local News, and it concerned them. There were developments, apparently. Announcements.
"They're pulling out!" one young man shouted, and started to dance around with joy.
It was true, they all agreed. The drilling was over, a spokesperson from Corsh Industries declared.
"I've got TV News," a girl shouted, and held up her laptop computer.
Melia had crawled from her tent, her own tent, the one she slept in alone, and approached the ecstatic crowd. They seemed to think they'd won, she noted, scratching her head.
She recognised the face on the screen. It was Corsh's lawyer, the young man who had arrived in camp with a Court Order. Well, it seemed like he did all the dirty work for Corsh, because there he was, breaking the news - bad news for their shareholders - that the well had come up dry. No shale gas deposits, or, at least, not enough for commercial development.
Melia looked up. It was true that the drill had stopped turning, and the floodlights that usually brightly illuminated the area around the well head were dark. There was no noise coming from that direction. It all seemed quiet and abandoned.
The programme's presenter came into view and said a few stock phrases about the Corsh family. They reinforced the view that the experiment in Salford had failed, and there were pictures of drilling equipment being loaded onto a lorry and driven away.
Melia stared. No, that couldn't be right. That couldn't be happening: the lane was still blocked by concrete blocks. Even stranger, the lorry in the film clip was pulling away in a rainstorm; that wasn't happening either. Not here.
"Listen to this," the girl who owned the laptop told the crowd. She was straining to hear over the cheers.
It was Cal Corsh himself, and the man was introduced as 'Corsh Industries' new CEO', the big boss.
In a smooth, clear voice, he told the world that he was 'disappointed but not downhearted'. 'The search goes on', he said.
Melia turned and saw Benni sitting on a log, leading a large section of the crowd in a chorus of 'We Shall Overcome'. Well, they had, she was thinking. He was right. They had taken on the giant, like David against Goliath, and won.
The war was over. Well, this part of the conflict, anyway. This theatre of the war. This battle. This Salford skirmish.
The farmer appeared wheeling a shopping trolley. He was grinning immensely, proud of his visitors.
"Stoke up the fire!" he commanded. "I've got you a Victory Breakfast."
He had brought all things barbecue-able. Burgers - meat and non-meat - plus sausages, the same, and various pieces of animal, for those who chose to eat such stuff. This was a farm: Mr MacLawn had bits of sheep, pigs and goats.
The kettles bubbled, the barbecue sizzled, and the aroma of perking coffee filled the air. People couldn't stop cheering, plus whooping, whistling and shrieking. It was the end of their strife. They wanted to celebrate.
Caulfield appeared and even he seemed to be smiling, for once. He held up his mobile phone and indicated he'd been called.
"We've been told to Stand Down," he said, and he seemed very relieved indeed.
Melia wanted to ask him who that came from - Gibson, Bridie, or even her brother? Who was in charge in London now?
Caulfield turned away, untroubled. He had his communication, and that was good enough for him. It was time to leave.
Melia wandered over towards the barn. She passed Benni; he was still singing and playing. The farmer had sat down beside him. Having delivered the food, he had pulled out a small ukulele from his trolley and was now playing along. Benni was giving him pointers, shouting out keys and chords, and playing slowly and deliberately, so Mr MacLawn could follow him.
"I've only just started," the farmer grinned. "But I'll have time to practise now!"
Melia shrugged. Everyone relaxed at the end of a conflict, but she was experienced enough to know that it seldom lasted long. There was always another time, another struggle. There were plenty more causes to die for.
The Essex people seemed to agree. They were arguing with each other, bitterly and loudly.
Some, laid back, were chomping burgers, swigging beer which they had found from somewhere, and were discussing moving on. Others wanted to stay. Why? Melia didn't know. They had developed a taste for the North West? No, someone was talking about Ancoats in East Manchester. Melia knew the place, but - there was drilling planned for there? She didn't know that.
Also, the Lake District. Also, the North Yorkshire Moors. These protestors from down south seemed to know a lot of hotspots, places that needed defending. Heavens, Melia was thinking: they're going to have their work cut out.
The ones who opted for the Lakes went round the camp and talked to other people. Soon they had whipped up some support; they could form a troop, it seemed, and march to Cumbria. Or, at least, form a convoy of cars and camper vans.
Melia sat on a log and sipped coffee. She heard their discussion, the debate. It made her heart sink; it meant her job wasn't done, then. Maybe she would be ordered to go with them, stick with them, spy on them. Caulfield had been recalled, it seemed, but she hadn't heard anything about her own position. Not directly.
Maybe she should phone in. Perhaps someone in Regional Office would know. She could ask Terry.
There was a terrible fuss over by the gate into the lane. Someone was trying to get in, and was floundering against the tide of people trying to leave. Who could this be, these late arrivals? Didn't they know it was all over?
It was Vlad Hugg.
Melia stared in disbelief. She knew the young man, had worked with him, and he knew her by sight. She was worried he might give her away somehow, but as he came onto the field, he simply waved cheerily, as if to an old friend, (which she was).
The worse problem was that he saw Benni Aas in the corner, still playing, and started to walk towards him. Maybe he had an idea to join him, to unsling his own guitar and start singing together. Vlad liked that, joining in.
Benni fled.
As soon as he saw his main rival in the New Folk business, he turned tail and ran. Comparisons with the other were what depressed Benni Aas the most, and here, of all places, sitting down with his nemisis, it was all too much for him: he had visions of people noting, commenting, comparing their guitar styles and singing voice. It happened before, of course, and he had always come off worse. The critics were very cruel.
Vlad Hugg seemed baffled. He had heard Benni sing, at concerts and on TV, and he was impressed. He liked the Germanic tone, and the European influence in Benni's songs. It was a different style, and he didn't see why people compared them. They were both good, in his mind, but different. Nobody else seemed to get that, least of all Benni.
Still, people wanted to hear Vlad. He was here now, he was a 'star' in lots of ways. His arrival was a boost to the celebration. (Nobody stopped to ask where he'd been, and why he had missed the concert. That was all in the past.) They were delighted when Vlad sat on the log - the same log Benni had vacated - and started to unpack his guitar and tune up. They were even more impressed that he had brought some friends with him, a bongo player and a fiddler. The violinist got tuned up first and launched into some old Irish jigs. People started dancing.
Farmer MacLawn wasn't happy. His teacher had departed abruptly, and the new singer ignored him completely, giving no pointers, no encouragement. He stood up, stepped back from the happy band, and was about to pursue Benni, make sure he was all right, when someone accosted him, energetically.
"We need your tractor," the man declared.
They wanted the farmer to move cars.
Everyone had forgotten about the car park. Any vehicles that arrived on the road in recent times had been turned away by the police, of course, but some of the campers had been there for weeks. They had driven into the farm yard and the farmer had let them park at the back of the barn. It was a favour: it ensured that the police wouldn't sieze their car or tow it away, as it was on private land. Some visitors who tried to park on the lane lost their vehicles to a low-loader, that took them out to a depot in Trafford Park. Getting them back involved paying a fine and 'storage fee'. That didn't happen more than once; it was a useful disincentive, as the police intended. Some of them, discouraged, packed their bags and headed home; some, hearing about the farmer's generosity, used his facilities next.
But it involved packing them in. There wasn't enough space to form neat rows, so the cars just piled up, crowded in close to each other. Nobody had give a thought to how they might get out of there, when they needed to, but now that day had arrived. It wasn't easy; the people who wanted to leave were not necessarily the ones near the front. The farmer looked at the mass of metal and scratched his head. He had a tow rope; he had a tractor. He'd just have to start with the nearest ones, pull them out and line them up along his access road. If it was the ones people wanted, they would drive away and create a bit more space. Otherwise, he'd just have to keep towing until the cars at the back emerged.
Farmer MacLawn sighed. This was all going to take some time.

Mickey, on the other side of the lane, was looking puzzled.
A huddle of police were talking to one of the protesters. He could tell that, because most of the group were wearing neat and pressed blue uniforms, but the young lady had spikey blonde hair and was clad in denim. It was blue, yes, but ripped and faded in places. She was a mess. She looked as if she'd been swimming recently.
An informer, Mickey was thinking. That was the only possible explanation. He knew that there were other people than Melia embedded amongst the anti-fracking brigade, but he had just never seen them. This had to be one of them, he reasoned, and whatever the information she had brought, it was causing excitement in the police ranks.
Then another man arrived. Mickey's heart fell into his boots. It was Bridie's brother.
"Okay, we're going to attack," he told Mickey and the Unit.
Mickey stared. He was looking down on this short, squat man in the kilt, wondering what made him think he had the God-given right to give orders to WSB, the foremost anti-terrorist squad in British Security.
Ben Suiter read their minds.
"You want to wait for Bridie to get here before you follow orders?" he said sharply.
"Yes," Sandy said.
Sandy was big, wide, tall. Everyone else, every single member of the Unit, was higher than Bridie's brother. They were on a different level. They weren't impressed by his short stature or his bluster.
He started getting oily. "You know I have government support?" he wheedled.
Sandy, the NCO in charge of the team, pulled out his phone. He held it up, significantly.
"I've had no instructions," he pointed out.
"Then I'll give you some," the Police Superintendent told him, bustling up.
Mickey and his colleagues turned, as one. The policeman stood in front of them, hands on hips.
"We're going in," he announced, "and you - gentlemen - can make up your own minds, but we'll be over the hedge and in with them in minutes. You can accompany our little excursion, or you can sit it out. It's all the same to me."
It was a challenge. The police chief had gauged it well. He knew he was talking to people who valued their manliness.
Sandy spoke up. "We can't let you take all the risks," he said quietly.
"Or have all the fun," the policeman told him.
Bridie's brother was ignored. This was a direct appeal, over his head. He was sidelined completely.
Sandy looked along his line, and they all understood his intention. The rest of them went to get suited up.
But Mickey had a question for the male Suiter.
"Where's Bridie?" he asked harshly. Ben looked offended, and Mickey stared him out.
"She has been summoned to meet the Minister," Mr Suiter said at last. "An interview at the Houses of Parliament."
Mickey nodded. Yeah, that was important. She would have to attend to that, before worrying about Salford.
Still, if it was the same 'Minister' that Mickey had talked to - well, she could be in for a shock.

The Police had a simple plan. They were going to line up, then storm across the lane and arrest anything that moved. They would charge them with Public Order Offences, then pile them into vans and take them direct to Magistrate's Court. There was a convoy of minibuses, Mickey noted, back along the road, presumably waiting to be filled with prisoners.
It made no sense. The conflict was over, the stand-off had been resolved. Corsh were leaving.
Ah, that was it, Mickey realised. The Police Superintendent wanted to be seen to be effective; so far, every protester he had arrested had been freed by the courts. This was his last chance: by the next day, the camp would be abandoned and the drillers would have moved on. He had a 'window of opportunity' - if he didn't crack heads now, there wouldn't be another chance.
Mickey put on his helmet along with everyone else. He was wearing his Unit's night-time gear, black jerkin, black trousers, black boots. The police, from what he could see, wore the same. The only difference was that they had truncheons, long , heavy ones, to smack into people and hand out bruises. But why? There were women and children in there: did anyone think they were going to fight back? Was this anything else than a knife cutting through butter?
There were the trenches, of course. But for that to be a problem, they would have to be manned, and now, they weren't. The digging had stopped and the diggers were dancing to the Vlad Hugg tune. It was going to be easy.
The Police chief said that. He lined up his men, as promised, gave them a swift pep talk, then too position at the furthest extremity of the rank, and blew a whistle. It was rather an old-fashioned gesture, but it worked. The attack was set in motion.
There must have been near a hundred police, Mickey counted, and they came boiling out from behind the hedge, crossed the tarmac and launched themselves into the grassy areas by the campfires and the trenches.
They were screaming, that's what Mickey remembered most. Grown men, and they were howling like little kids, as if playing some sort of 'cowboy' game. It was more than that, though: when the first truncheon descended on the first head, suddenly it became all grown-up and serious. There were screams then, of course, but it wasn't from the attackers, it was from the defenders, and they were mostly the weak and defenceless.
Pride. Those police personnel were going to feel proud of what they'd done that day, when they reported it, wrote up their statements and answered questions. They would all agree that they had done a good job of 'keeping the Queen's peace' and 'defending the Realm', but that's not the way Mickey would think about it. He would remember that day as one of the most cowardly and despicable actions he had ever been involved in, in all of his long career.

They lost.
That was the most remarkable thing about the whole action. The police charged in, and seemed to overwhelm the site at first, but what they had forgotten was that the crowd around the fire was a mere fraction of the people in the grounds. Many were over in the car park area, trying to get their motors back. When they heard the rumpus, they came back, running; they threw themselves into the melee, in effect, creating an attack on the flank of the police forces. It forced them back along the side of the police line, rolling it up, pressing it toward the trenches.
The Superintendent had dismissed the threat of the trenches, since there didn't seem to be anybody in them. But he forgot that they still provided a barrier; when the police were being pressed back, many fell into the dug ditches, disabling themselves and taking themselves out of the fight. Also, once the other police - the ones who saw the difficulty - stopped, blocked by the holes in the ground, the defenders were able to dive into the trenches and use them to access the whole front. Defenders were able to run from one end of the field to the other, along the ditches, while the police were still milling and losing formation. The police recovered, only to find themselves facing a line of angry people armed with spades and hoes, and they were more than a match for the standard police-issue truncheon. The police behind, still flooding into the area, forced their colleagues forward, and the ones at the front were being flailed from the trenches with no chance of retreat. They took casualties.
Then someone told the farmer.
Mr MacLawn was a supreme improviser. He opened the gate to the horses' exercise yard, and drove a stampede into the rear of the police line. He followed that up with a battery of chickens and hens, then flung back the barrier on the pigs' enclosure. The panicking animals were heavy, fast moving, and at knee height; they managed to knock over every person they came into contact with. Their squeals mixed with the shouts and angry objections of the forces of law and order.
The coup de grace was the dogs. The farmer made most of his cash income from providing holiday accommodation for cats and dogs. When he opened the doors to the kennels, he unleased a canine army that swept through the opposing forces, yelping and biting, and causes injuries on both sides.
Even Caulfield was bitten, unfortunately.

The convoy of minibuses was replaced by a flow of ambulances.
Melia was only slightly bruised, so could act as nursemaid to her Deputy Director, comforting him and holding a damp handkerchief to his knee, where there was a slight tear to his immaculate and expensive trousers. She wondered if it was the damage to his Italian-cut clothing or to his flesh that gave him the most discomfort.
It was the music, he told her. That was what was really upsetting him.
Vlad Hugg had been hurried away from danger when fighting broke out, but one of his helpers had the supremely silly idea of taking him up the ladder to the improvised stage on the first floor of the barn. Thus, they were able to calm the savage hordes with amplified lyrical ballads while the battle raged. Then, when mayhem had subsided, castigate the battlers with calls for 'peace and reconciliation'. Vlad Hugg was used to the idea that many of his ideas fell on deaf ears; he wasn't au fait with people hurling bottles and cans at him, and shouting for him to 'shut the hell up'.
But he had one last thing to contribute: from his high vantage point, he saw the planes coming.
The local airport was nearby. It's main purpose was to provide a landing site for local traffic, but it also had a thriving business in training flights. It meant that small, propellor driven aircraft were always taking off and landing, and many circled the fracking site and the moss beyond. Strangely, a possee of them appeared to be coming directly for the camp now.
It caused alarm, especially when Vlad shouted a warning over the still plugged-in P.A.
No one knew whether it was another police attack or if the Press had commandeered aircraft to take photos and get a birds-eye view of what was happening. Whatever the reason, as the flotilla of small planes came swinging in, people scattered.
It was up to the farmer to come up with a solution, again. He ordered people to collect damp leaves and branches from the wood and fling them onto the fires. It worked immediately: thick smoke started billowing out.
Melia had managed to get her boss onto an ambulance - by pulling rank - and was now back in the field. She saw the planes and saw the columns of smoke rising. She had two concerns: one, the aircraft might lose their visibility and crash into each other. Second, the clouds of smoke, swept up by a brisk wind, were flooding the camp and choking the air. Protestors couldn't see where they were going - their eyes were streaming with tears - and they crashed into each other, into the trenches and into the stream. The smoke was causing more damage than the planes ever could, she was thinking.
As a case in point, she bumped into Liv. Literally.
They both seemed surprised. Melia had no idea that her cousin was still in the area. Liv had been there, and had managed to avoid her, at least until her eyes were blinded and her nose and mouth filled with noxious fumes. She was coughing.
"Get out of my way!" she blurted, brushing at Melia ineffectively.
"Liv! What the - We need to talk."
Liv looked at Melia and there was murder in her eyes. "You ruined my life! Leave me alone."
Melia caught the emotion in the words, even if she couldn't see the other girl clearly in the swirling smoke.
She didn't understand! Was Liv still suffering from some kind of post-traumatic shock? She'd had a bad experience, being caught in that train, being trapped in the tunnel. Was that it? Was she insensible now, because of that?
"I don't want to see you!" Liv said, spitting the words out and trying to disappear into the gloom.
Melia had hold of Liv's elbow, but she let go in shock. If her cousin didn't want to see her, then who? Who was she there for?
Liv shook herself free, but stopped abruptly. She looked back at Melia, and there was pity in her twisted face.
"You have no idea!" she said. "Do you? You really don't know what's going on."
And with that, she was gone, lost in the swirling smoke, swallowed up in the white clouds.
Melia turned, wildly, not sure where to go or what to think. Her imagination was running riot: what did her cousin mean? She couldn't think, couldn't concentrate. In fact, her eyes were playing tricks. She thought she saw Gibson.
There was a small gap in the fog and in the bubble of clear air, Melia saw her boss, her real boss, and Terry, walking.
She followed on.
They were striding towards the lane. Melia hurried after, stunned. What was Captain Gibson doing in Salford? And why did he think he could do anything, having been demoted and replaced? Surely, he had no status at all, now.
Gibson seemed to think he had authority, by the way he walked and his stern attitude. He approached a short man in a kilt, spun him round and practically spat in his face.
"Benalin Spuner," he pronounced, "I am arresting you." Terry backed him up.
Melia came trotting up and stood beside Terry. She wasn't sure what she could do, but she was there for support.
She got the idea: this was Bridie's brother, the famous poison dwarf. She thought she might have seen him on television, but she was fairly sure she hadn't seen him in life. Had he ever been to the Unit? Not to her knowledge.
Gibson hardly acknowledged her presence. He was on a mission.
"There are two charges of Murder," he said sternly. "Three charges of Conspiracy to Murder. One charge of Commissioning Murder. Three charges of Incitement to Commit Fraud, and four charges of Actual Fraud and Deception."
"Not Guilty!" the little man said, grinning widely. "You can't touch me," he added, his voice proud and insulting.
Gibson was a short man, thin but wirey. He grabbed one of Ben's arms, twisted it and had handcuffs clapped on his wrist before anyone else could react. Ben Suiter, as he was generally known, stood defiantly, but his arms were behind his back and he looked silly, like a game cock who wanted to fight, but had been placed immobile.
"Where's the Superintendent?" he snapped. "He will get me out."
Gibson was calm. "The policeman of which you speak," he said, "is currently being driven back to County Headquarters. He will face Disciplinary Charges. Perhaps you will see him in Court," he added drily.
Terry Two stepped forward. "We could have done with Mickey's help," he muttered, for Melia's benefit.
Still, they managed. Terry was taller than people noticed, when he put his shoulders back and stood upright, and he was strong enough to bustle Mr Suiter away. Melia waited, but Gibson didn't look at her directly.
"I'm going back to Regional Office," he announced, as if to the world in general. "I expect my team to be there."
Melia was grateful he didn't directly break her cover, but she suddenly felt small and isolated.
I'll pack my things, she was thinking, as Gibson disappeared into the smoke. I'll see him later.
Melia heard a scream.
People were running towards her. She tried to ask what the problem was. A girl she vaguely recognised saw it was her.
"In the barn!" she said, her voice breaking. "You'd better go and see." She started crying, as she hurried away.
Melia walked towards that building. As she did so, she looked up. Through the swirling, occasional clouds of smoke she could see the stage on the first floor and it was deserted. Where had Vlad Hugg gone? She wasn't to know - until someone told her later - that he had been hurried away by his entourage, once they had heard the bad news. All of them, all his musicians, his friends and hangers on, went scooting down the track from the farmhouse and found their way back to their vehicle, out on the main road. In their rush they hadn't bothered switching off the amps, but there was no music playing now, and only the ghostly whistling of some feedback, and the noise of the wind coming in to the microphones and being relayed.
Melia was wondering when the smoke would clear. Would the farmer have the sense to take the wet stuff off the bonfires now, and let them burn freely and pure? There were stocks of dry wood, she knew, some in the barn. Pallets, she knew; there hadn't been much use of them for a while now, but there had been hundreds donated, and they were piled in many sheds and some outhouses. They were dry, and would burn easily. It would be better: people were coughing and choking still, and the people coming towards her all had their eyes streaming.
She thought it was the smoke. She didn't know there could be another reason.
Protesters were running away, fleeing the scene, but some were doing the opposite: they were rooted to the spot. Melia could see a small crowd around the entrance to the barn, and they seemed transfixed. They weren't talking. They had eyes that were bulging, as if they had seen some horror, something awful. They seemed truly shocked.
When they saw Melia approach, they moved to allow her clear passage. Why? Why would they think she was important in all this? What could it possible mean to her? Was she somehow significant?
They looked sorry, apologetic, but what was there to apologise about? It had been a rough few days, but joy was in the air. The struggle was all over, wasn't it? What could ruin that mood, put a damper on things?
Melia pushed through the throng, and entered the wide door of the barn. It was gloomy in there, with only a small amount of daylight coming in through dusted up windows and small chinks in the ancient panelling of the walls. Melia could see the dust in the air, and the dappled effect of the sunlight inside. It was quiet, now the music was off, and they were shielded from the raucous celebrations still going on by the camp-fire. All she could hear, rhythmically, was squeaking. Something in the rafters.
She looked up and it took a while to get a focus. There was a dark bundle above her, a shadow on the far wall. It was swinging from side to side, something long, thin.
It took her one heart-stopping minute to realise that it was a person, a body, hanging from the huge beams of the roof. Hanging from a rope. It was a person, a human being who had taken their own life, perhaps out of despair and depression and vast unknowable feelings, kept inside and not communicated to anyone who could help.
She stared and stared, and the body swung backwards and forwards, moving round slightly so that their warped, distended face came into sight, and then Melia understood everything, all at once. Suddenly and painfully.
It was Benni Aas.

CHAPTER TEN:  Burying the evidence

It was a gloomy, grey day and the site was deserted.
All the protesters, the anti-frackers and their supporters, had either gone home or moved on to other battles. The drilling rig had been lifted out by helicopter and there was no longer anything to complain about. The tents had been taken down, the people had clambered into cars, vans, mobile homes and caravans, and driven away. At one stage, there was what seemed like an endless convoy of cars going east on the A57 towards the motorway, but hours passed, and then they were gone, all of them. It was over.
The sun was low in the sky and the air was tainted with the persistent aroma of woodsmoke but otherwise clear. Farmer MacLawn had been happy to get his farm back, even with the mess, but then Gibson had sent his team in, all of them, from Salford, the North West, Yorkshire and further afield. He said he felt he 'owed him', and he wanted to help. In a matter of hours, tons of litter and rubbish was removed from the site, piled into skips and driven away. The police came and got their fence panels themselves and cleared their part of the site, that bit behind the hedge. They seemed cowed and apologetic, and a Deputy Chief Constable came onto the farm, insisted on seeking out the farmer, shook his head and promised it wouldn't happen again. Tony MacLawn was baffled, had no idea what 'it' was, but thanked the new boss for his concern. They parted on good terms.
The worst problem, from his point of view, was that Vlad Hugg's office had phoned him and said that the singer wanted to perform a 'Tribute Concert' at the farm to his fallen comrade, Benni, and would set a date in the New Year. The farmer, decisive and soft spoken, nevertheless made it clear that such a thing was never going to happen. He would plant a new copse of trees, he said, and that would be in the dead man's honour; every time they coppiced the willow, they would think of Benni Aas. Everything else was sentimental twaddle, and he wasn't having it. He emphasised the point.

It was after mid-day when Melia and Mickey came back to have a look around. They were alone, and it was quiet.
Mickey walked in to the middle of the field that had been the main camping area. It was now completely empty. He went north, towards the trenches that had been built to protect the area. He looked at the excavations and felt suddenly sad.
"It's not over," he said to Melia. "It's like we're in the middle of a Cease Fire. It's must be how things were when the Armistice was declared in 1918 - nobody really knew if it would begin again, and it did."
Melia nodded. It seemed strange that she had spent so many weeks in this space. Now it was unrecognisable. The barn was behind her, and the farmhouse over to the left. The lane was that way, leading to the drill site - but that was gone, too.
And those trenches. Now, as she looked, they seemed not so much like defences, but like open graves, waiting for the bodies to be delivered. It wasn't that bad, of course; there hadn't been that many casualties. Caulfield - and Benni.
She turned and looked at the barn, remembering the ambulance service coming and cutting him down.
She started walking towards the barn, instinctively, without thinking.
Mickey trotted along beside her. "Bad memories?" he asked.
She stopped abruptly at the sound of his voice. Mickey? Mickey and Benni? He knew nothing!
"I was thinking of going with him," she declared. Mickey stared: he had no idea what she was talking about. "He was a kind, decent man, who cared about the world. You weren't around - what the hell was I meant to do?"
Mickey took a deep breath, and reached out to take her hand.
"We have an understanding," he said quietly. "You and me. We know each other."
"But you're never here!" she snapped, tears stinging her eyes.
"How sweet," a gravelly voice said, from in front of them. There was a shadowy figure in the barn doorway.
It was Bridie Suiter. She came out into the light. She wasn't looking happy. She had a gun in her hand.
"I have orders to kill Melia," she stated in a firm tone.
Mickey moved to get in the way. "I haven't heard anything," he said, trying to sound conciliatory.
"You won't," Bridie told him. "You aren't in the loop, Mickey. This is from the top, the very top. It doesn't concern you, Mickey. It's about policy, and that's never been your strong point. Diplomacy and politics, a closed book to you, son."
Melia was thinking about her clothes. She was still 'in disguise', wearing the soiled and ripped costume that helped her fit in as a protester. As a result, she had no gun. She couldn't carry a weapon, they told her, for fear it would be seen.
Mickey was standing in front of her. She checked him over; he was wearing his black uniform of sweater and combat trousers. Plenty of pockets, but no gun belt. He must have taken it off; perhaps that was orders too, not going armed to the demonstration. Or maybe he had been armed for the last few days and grown sick of it. Maybe he had put his gun into the locker in the bus, thinking the threat was over and he didn't need it anymore.
They were both naked, then. Bridie had a gun and they didn't.
She could shoot them both.
"Your brother will get a fair trial," Melia said suddenly.
It was the wrong thing to say. It just infuriated the squat woman. It was what she was obsessing about, after all.
Bridie pushed Mickey aside and confronted Melia. It was her she was really angry at, for some reason.
"You and your little schemes!" she hissed, waving her gun up and down. "You have no idea how difficult it is to run a business these days. Modern Britain! Nothing but rules and regulations. Of course he had to cut corners."
"He killed people," Melia said flatly.
"Of course he did! He swept aside the obstacles that got in our way!"
Bridie raised the gun and Melia lashed out. It was instinctive. Her left arm swept up and crashed into the older woman's wrist; it dislodged the weapon and sent it flying. Bridie looked distraught: she saw the gun lying in the grass and let out a yell, then started running to retrieve it. Melia grabbed Mickey and they took off to. Retreating.
Melia thought that they could hide in the woods, maybe. But they didn't have that much of a start. Shots rang out before they had even cleared the field. Luckily, Bridie wasn't much of a markswoman: the bullets went wild, one side or the other.
Mickey saw an opportunity; he pulled Melia's hand and jumped into the nearest trench. Dragging her along behind, he pounded along the trench towards the stream. It was a good move, it took them out of sight, and Bridie's shooting went wide.
He stopped, panting hard, sweating from the exertion. Near a junction, he saw a spade. He picked it up.
Melia was incredulous. He was planning to dig them out of this?
Mickey knew something that Melia didn't. The Police Superintendent had commissioned miners to dig their way under the anti-frackers defences. The tunnel had been completed, and was ready for a break-through. Mickey knew where.
He hammered the earth, dug out two spadefuls and watched the sides collapse. A huge hole opened up.
"Come on!" he shouted, and jumped down into the space.
Melia was reluctant, but there was a mad woman on her tail and she had no time to argue.
The tunnel was surprisingly roomy. It wasn't quite tall enough to stand up in, but they could run, albeit bent over. Most surprisingly, it was well lit - there were small lights on either side. No one had thought to switch the power off when they left? That was a little thoughtless. Good for them, but bad for the environment.
The other end was a plain wooden ladder. Mickey climbed up first and came out into a shed. He looked out of the window. They were in the middle of the field that had been the main mustering area for the police. They were nearer the drill head, on the other side of the lane. There were trees about fifty yards away; they could probably make it to their cover before Bridie.
Melia kissed Mickey. Firstly, he had done well in getting them out of the line of fire. Secondly, they might only have a short time left and she needed to make the most of it.
Her phone rang.
Melia baulked. She still had her phone then, she was thinking, even if no gun. Yes, that was in her back pocket. But it was the 'official' mobile, the one she used to communicate with Regional Office. Who would be so thoughtless as to call her now?
It was the Prime Minister.
"Melia, I hear you have doubts about fracking," David Cameron said conversationally. "I thought I would give you a quick ring and reassure you that government policy is well thought out and carefully considered."
It wasn't a good time, she told him.
He was well briefed. He knew Bridie Suiter, personally, and he knew her brother was in custody too. The pair had been guests at Number Ten Downing Street and it was a disappointment to him that they had been revealed as dishonest and dangerous. Since he was au fait with all developments, he also knew that a warrant was being prepared to arrest Bridie for Conspiracy and Aiding and Abetting. In a short while, she would be in custody, he said confidently.
That might not be quick enough for us, Melia told him.
"Let me talk to her," Mr Cameron suggested.
Conveniently, the old lady appeared at the window at that precise moment.
She hadn't bothered with the tunnel - she didn't like tunnels, and she calculated, accurately, that her bulbous figure probably wouldn't fit into its narrow confines - so she took the long way round, above ground. Following the general direction, there were only so many places the fugitives might emerge. The shed was only the second place Bridie had tried: she was successful.
She seemed to keen to merely lift her gun and shoot it through the thin panes of glass. That would be the end of Mickey and Melia, and her headache. However, she was interested: Melia seemed to be speaking on her phone. Who could that be with? Even though Bridie was long past caring about most things that might occur in her future life, it occurred to her that if Melia was 'live' on a telephone line, as it were, she might be able to provide testimony that could convict her, at a later date. If that could be avoided, well - Bridie had the unformed idea in her head that she was going to shoot the two secret agents in the back, and concoct some story about they had attacked her and fled. If she was going to make that stick, it would be best if the phone connection wasn't open at the time.
Maybe I can get Melia to end her call, Bridie was thinking.
Melia saved her the trouble. She came storming out of the shed door, her phone held up in front of her.
"The Prime Minister would like a word," she said heavily, and handed the mobile over.
Bridie took it gingerly, lifted it to her ear and listened.
"I know your Appointment as Civilian Head of Security Services is coming to an end soon," David Cameron said, "but I hope it won't end in any unpleasantness. It would reflect badly on your brother's case, I'm sure you realise that."
Ever the politician, Mr Cameron was holding out the vague possibility that brother Ben might get off lightly, if only sister Bridie would behave herself. That was about as unlikely as David Cameron winning the next election, Mickey was later heard to say, but right then, he was taking action. He had one hand on Melia and was pulling her slowly towards him. They began to back carefully towards the woods, all eyes on Bridie, lest she raise her gun again.
Ms Suiter, temporarily derailed, was confused. She was conflicted: she really, really wanted to kill Melia, but still that little angel of conscience on her shoulder was saying, 'Don't do it', or, to be more precise, 'Don't get caught'.
That would entail getting rid of Mickey too, as a material witness to events, but she was prepared to live with that. What she couldn't tolerate was the idea that she might commit such crimes with an audience, especially if they were Prime Minister.
Her brain couldn't take it: it came up with a solution, flipping straight into outright denial.
"You are not who you say you are!" she shouted, and flung the phone down, kicking it into the long grass.
The mobile squawked. "Stand Down, Mrs Suiter," it ordered. "I'm warning you - "
When there was no answer, despite repeated attempts, there was the sound of a handset being set aside and a new order being rattled out. "Get me helicopters!" David Cameron ordered.

Bridie was seeking her quarry. They seemed to have temporarily gone to ground.
She couldn't believe it. She had only taken her eyes off the pair for a few moments, and yet they had completely disappeared. She had no way of knowing that Melia had taken them behind the shed, at a distance, so making Bridie lose line of sight. Then, in that window of opportunity, led Mickey through the fence and onto the lane. They ducked down and ran like hell, making it to the relative safety of the woods before their stalker had a chance to get their scent.
"What now?" Melia asked her beloved, as they hunkered down in the undergrowth.
"We've got no guns," Mickey said quietly, and she agreed with him. "But they have," he pointed out.
He held a finger aloft. Melia suddenly clicked: she started listening.
The sound of shots had been such a steady part of her life in camp, she had completely tuned it out. There was gunfire all the time on the farm, either from the farmer's friends, hunting rats and rabbits, or else the target range in Worsley, the other side of the railway line, where they reputedly hit nothing but clay 'pigeons', hurtled up into the air for rich folk's amusement.
No matter - they were still shotguns, with real ammunition. Either group would do. Whoever they came into contact with first, they could 'borrow' a weapon, and once that happened - Well, ten years of real experience would triumph over a mere amateur.
Mickey grinned. He read her mind: soon, we get to even the game. We start shooting back. We're not going to keep on running, we're going to nail that bitch and hang her fat carcase out to dry.
His phone rang.
Melia stared. Who the hell could it be - She didn't care. The sound would bring Bridie down on them. That single call could be the end of the pair of them. It better be important!
It was Liv, Mickey said.
Melia found her heart racing. Now? Why would her cousin want to call now, of all moments in history? Did she have any news? Or was it one of those, 'We need to talk' conversations that Liv seemed to favour, ever since going back to continue her education at Salford University. Melia's blood boiled. Now was not a good time to 'share', she was thinking.
There was the sound of feet clumping through the bushes. Mickey stuffed his phone in his pocket, took Melia's hand and launched himself off like a rocket. They had to get out of there in a hurry. Chat could wait.
The trees were young and thin, so didn't provide much cover, and the ground was home to low-growing vegetation and brambles, which tore at their clothes and expose flesh. Mickey, for one, had served in many theatres of war and was used to uncomfortable travelling, but even he was discouraged by what they had to go through. He was worried about Melia, too, and that was slowing him down. But they couldn't stop. Not now.
Melia tried to smile at him, to urge him on. She was struggling to keep up, but her overwhelming thought was: I don't want to let him down. They were soul mates, always had been. They had been in love her whole adult life.
Mickey came to a stop beside a farm gate, then hoisted Melia over it, followed, and squated behind the hedge. They both took huge gulps of air, breathing heavy and sweating freely. Running for your lives was exhausting, they realised.
"I need to tell you something, Melia," Mickey said quietly.
Now? she asked. We need to talk - now?
"Liv is in love with me."
Melia looked at him. It was Mickey, she could see that, but it was as if he was a stranger. He was telling her something she didn't know and had never suspected. She was learning, and she didn't like it. She hated surprises.
"All this stuff about going to London," Mickey said. "It's blackmail, really. She wants me to go with her. It's a kind of ultimatum. Leave Manchester, leave Melia. That's what she wants, she's asking me to choose."
Was it a 'choice'? Not for her! Mickey was the man in her life, no ifs, no buts. She couldn't imagine that she had ever had any say in whether she was going to love him or not. But he had? He could 'choose' her - or her cousin?
Little things started coming back to her. Like the time she had gone back to her flat to clean up, and found Liv there, already having taken a shower and sharing a glass of wine with Mickey on the sofa. She was wearing a dressing gown.
Nothing but a dressing gown!
In her own flat. The two of them. She hadn't thought anything of it, at the time. They both had keys to her flat in Manchester, and stayed there whenever they wanted. They were like that, part of her life. Mickey was her boyfriend.
Liv was her cousin!
"And how do you feel about her?" Melia asked quietly. He'd said Liv loved him. Did he reciprocate? Was it mutual?
"I've never given her any reason," Mickey said, as if Liv really didn't understand him.
That makes two of us, Melia was thinking.
There was the sound of a branch breaking to their left, a shot, and a bullet crashed through a bush in front of them.
They started running again, across the lane and into the tall grass beside the low hill. The trenches all went off in front of them, some straight, some at right angles. It was an extensive system, Melia was thinking. A lot of digging.
Mickey was practically bent double, gasping for breath. He was having trouble getting the words out.
"Please don't think badly of her," he was saying. "None of us can control our feelings. Can we?"
Melia bridled. He was talking about Benni, was that it? He was going to throw that in her face?
Bride Suiter wasn't out of breath. She came strolling towards them, calm, unflustered.
"How convenient," she observed. "I can shoot you here, and bury you in an empty trench."
Melia looked behind her. Yes, that was practical. It made sense.
Right now, she was thinking. I don't really care. Life is such a mess, why hang on to it?
"Which first?" Bridie mused. "The bride or the bridegroom. Hmm, the man, I'm thinking."
Mickey stood up straight. "Well, if I'm going to die," he said, "I need to get something off my chest."
Melia looked at him. She knew Mickey, knew the way he thought. What was he doing now - playing for time?
"We did have an affair," he declared. He had one eye on Bridie; he liked the way she perked up at his confession. She was interested. "There was a time I was down in London, last summer. Liv told you some story about a foreign holiday, Ibiza or some such place. She went off for a week, then came back, via Manchester Airport. She was with me. I usually stay at Unit Headquarters, but I rented an apartment in the East End, by the docks. We spent the whole time in bed."
Melia gasped. Just to hear the story made her heart sink but her pulse race. Was it possible? She suddenly realised - with a jolt like a thunder clap - that this sort of thing could have happened. Mickey had been away for long periods of time, unaccounted for; he could have had numerous affairs, and she would have known nothing.
"I'm sorry, Melia," he said. "But maybe it's best that you know, given the circumstances."
"Sure," Bride agreed, "now that you're going to die."
Melia stared at the horrible woman. "If I'm going to die, then I'm going to talk to my cousin," she said flatly.
Mickey pulled his phone out of his pocket. The connection was still live. The light was on, and someone was speaking at the other end. They were trying to attract attention. They were calling for Melia.
Bridie was waving her gun. She didn't like the idea of being overheard, while she was conducting business.
Melia didn't care. She needed to hear from Liv, hear the truth. Had it really happened? Ever?
"I'm not sure this is a good idea - " Bridie started.
Melia opened her palm, waiting for the phone to be handed over. She heard the next words clearly.
"Stan's dead."
Brushing everything else aside, Melia grabbed the phone and slammed it to her ear.
"Repeat that!" she snapped. She didn't need to hear about Mickey then: Stan was her cousin.
Liv was sobbing. "What can you buy if you're a software millionaire?" she said, between gasps. "Everything. He had the car. He had the house. He had the women, and the men. So then he decided he wanted to be a woman. He was going to buy that."
Melia stared at the ground. She didn't know anything about that. Stan was her younger cousin. A kid!
"He started taking chances," Liv informed her. "He hung around in town, meeting the worst sort of people. He did drugs, he had unprotected sex. He played with the high rollers, and got into arguments."
Melia felt her eyes starting to mist over. He must have been so unhappy!
Liv said: "He got into fights. One night there was a scuffle and he got punched. One punch. That's all it took."
Bridie was growing impatient. She had plans for Mickey.
"Maybe you'd better kneel down," she advised. It would be easier rolling him into the trench.
"Not going to happen," he told her.
She fired off a wild shot, up into the trees, trying to intimidate him. She wasn't very good with the gun, he realised; she might injure one or either of them by accident, before she actually managed to kill them both.
One punch, Melia was thinking. She'd heard of such a thing. And then the attacker says, 'I didn't mean it. It was an accident. I'm terribly sorry, and won't you forgive me? I don't want to go to prison.'
Melia felt the fingers of her hand close like talons around the phone. She wanted to kill someone.
Bridie fired again. Then again. She didn't know what she was doing, and it wasn't going well. It wasn't at all like she'd imagined it. In her dreams, it was all going to be so simple. Why didn't she have control of the situation?
"Come home," Liv was saying. "I need you, Mel. We're all we've got left in the world."
Melia nodded. This was family. Mickey, or any other damn man, could never come between them. Not ever.
"What's going on here?" a harsh voice demanded.
They all turned. Farmer MacLawn, and another man, were standing behind them on the hill. Both men were carrying shotguns, slung on their arms. They had been disturbed by Bridie's fusillades and had come to investigate.
Bridie raised her gun threateningly. The men had their guns uncocked: she had the advantage.
"Drop your weapons!" she ordered.
The two men laughed at her.
She looked at Mickey and saw him grinning too, patronisingly. She fired her small pistol.
It was a lucky shot, for her. It hit the second man full in the chest. He went down with a sigh. She turned the gun towards the farmer and tried to fire; the gun clicked. She was out of ammunition.
The farmer bent down and scooped up the fallen man's gun. He swung it up and flung it expertly at Mickey, who caught it, checked it was loaded, snapped it shut, brought it up and pointed both barrels at Bridie.
"Sorry about your friend," he said to the farmer.
Mr MacLawn looked at his prone comrade. "I never liked him much, anyway. He was employed, like me, but he took other contracts. He killed the man you knew as Muddy. Did you know that? Back there, my pigs run wild in the wood; if you sifted through the thick mud you'd probably find a few bones, some of them human."
Melia gasped. Muddy was dead? Mickey was curious too.
"Not us, surely," he suggested.
MacLawn agreed. "Corsh ordered the hit. Joe didn't hesitate: it was a cash deal."
"But you're a 'contractor'?" Melia asked. Who for?
"For us," the 'farmer' said, smiling. "You don't recognise me? I've been working for the Unit for years. Why else do you think they would trust me with this site? Someone has to protect the hill. It's an A1, after all."
Melia understood at last. A body dump. It's where the Security Services buried people.
Bridie didn't follow the conversation at all. Still, they all seemed busy; she started to reach into her jacket pocket to prise out some more bullets. Maybe she could re-load her gun, she was thinking, while they didn't notice.
But MacLawn, or whatever his name really was, did see what she was up to. He turned to Mickey.
"You can have first go," he said, nodding at the ex-New Director. Bridie shivered.
Mickey's gun didn't waver, but he himself hesitated. "I have no orders," he said. "I don't think I can do that."
"I can," the farmer said, and fired one barrel into Bridie's legs. The pellets peppered her trousers and brought blood to the surface. She stared down, realising she was hit. Slowly, she sank to her knees.
Melia, if she had been thinking clearly, might have felt sorry for her at this point. But the younger woman had more to think about: she had a dead cousin to mourn and a funeral to arrange. She had a live cousin to talk to, build bridges with. She really didn't care what happened next, as long as it was quick.
She needed to get to Liv's house in Swinton.
MacLawn walked slowly forward, his eyes glued to Bridie's. He was staring her down.
"You've got a reason?" Mickey called, over his shoulder.
The farmer nodded. He addressed the older woman. "I've got young children in school, and your company has been poisoning them for the last few years. Horse, it is? Anything that looks brown and tastes chewy. Anything cheap."
I'm in business, Bridie told him, as if proud of what she had achieved.
It was a mistake. Mr MacLawn raised the gun and pointed it right at her face. She automatically lifted a hand, as if to brush the barrel away, and then the gun went off. She toppled straight over backward, into a trench.
The farmer looked down at her with contempt.
"I'll go and fetch the mini-digger," he said, conversationally. "These trenches are going to have to be filled in, anyway. I'll cover her up and tidy around here. You don't have to worry about a thing. Take what you want, and go."
Melia nodded, happy to leave him to it. She had things to do, she told Mickey.
Mickey hesitated. "You want me to report it?" he asked. He really wasn't sure.
The pretend farmer turned to him. "What do you office types usually say - they've moved away? Her business is being investigated, her brother's been arrested, and she's likely to be next. What would be likely - that she'd try and flee to Spain, live off her secretly stashed savings and fight to avoid extradition? You could fake a record of her departure from Heathrow."
He didn't seem bothered. Drop the shotgun off at the farmhouse sometime, he said, and started to walk away.
Mickey wanted to ask him about the second man, but knew it would be words wasted. Tony MacLawn was used to dealing with such little problems; he could be trusted to cope. He was right: they could go.
Melia was way ahead of him. 
We'll pick up the truck at the gate, she said. I need to see Liv. You can come along if you want.
She wanted him too. She knew that.
Mickey turned away from the scene, the trenches, the hedges, the lane and the fences. It's all over, he was telling himself. Let it go. You've got a girlfriend who needs you right now.
He turned to Melia and reached out to take her hand.
"I was lying," he told her. "The story about Liv. I was stalling, trying to divert Bridie's attention."
"I know," she told him, smiling, striving to bring back that old trust they used to have.
Deep down, she wasn't sure.



