God Code


ipam




Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Two years ago
Tuesday
Birmingham, Alabama. 9:03 am.
She exhales touching the door knob. She enters the large room hearing and seeing her new team of scientists. She and the team have been assigned to explore a cracked opening along a natural forming join connecting two limestone cliffs on the Coosa River.
The opening became broken stone by a unique and unusual earthquake three days ago in Birmingham, Alabama. The city of Birmingham is located in the Heart of Dixie, a mass economic composite of cow pastures, crop farms, and businesses. The local businesses companies consist of numerous healthcare industry hospitals, coal and mineral mining companies, soft drink bottling headquarters, and a couple of banking headquarters.
She has never worked with these scientists before but recognizes their faces from the paper background folders supplied by her boss for the impromptu and urgent scientific expedition.
The multi colored room of peach, pink, green, and gray is rounded with sets of circular two-seater sofas for the visiting guests of the Weetumpee Casino Hotel in the river city of Weetumpee, Alabama.
She scoots into her own two-seater sofa in front of the scientists alone nodding and smiling at the team. Then she winks at Skippy after their last night’s fun time inside her hotel suite. She says. “Good morning! I’m the team leader and geologist, single, no children, five feet and three-inches tall, a heart shaped face, red haired pixie, brown eyes…”
The male raises his hand chuckling. “I’m Jorge Vega, an archeologist, brown hair, brown eyes, five feet and two-inches, copper skin, 138 pounds. Peace, brown-eyes from me and my cubby buddy…,” slaps the second male’s shirt with his hand.
“No asshole. Jettatura,” the second male frowns at Jorge fingering his T-shirt. He is tall, black ponytail hair, black goatee, blue eyes, blue jeans, and a tight T-shirt with a hand symbol of a clenched fist with the index and little fingers stuck out like horns. She should have included a dress code in the office memo invitation watching the physical dog fighting between her teammates. The male smiles at her. “Torquanto Mazzi, engineer, PhD.”
“Jetta turd,” Jorge chuckles slapping his knees for fun.
The short male laughs and fingers Jorge. “He speaks Italian. I’m impressed, slick. I’m Amos Bains, mineralogist, five-feet and five-inches, 120-pounds, red hair, hazel eyes.”
Mazzi frowns. “I’m not. Jettatura is the Italian phrase for the evil eye. An evil eye is the superstition that certain persons have the power by looking at you casting a malevolent spell.”
Jorge chuckles and thumbs Mazzi sharing the loveseat. “He’s a warlock too.”
Mazzi frowns with annoyance touching his shirt, staring at her. “Wrong, slick! The symbol’s claimed to counter the spell with this hand gesture.”
Amos frowns with puzzlement nodding. “Think, we’ll get casted or something here inside the casino.”
“Just a shirt, bro,” eye rolls Mazzi.
She clears her throat, “Ladies and gentlemen.
“Where?” Jorge chuckles, slapping his knees.
She smiles. “This is a lively group of doctors and scientists.”
“Present.” Jorge raises his arm chuckling.
She nods. “I’m Dorothy Volta, the Team-leader.”
Amos chuckles. “Where’s the little doggie Toto and your red slippers, Dorothy-girl?”
“And the www,” smiles Jorge.
Mazzi frowns at Jorge. “The what, slick?”
Jorge nods and grins. “The wicked witch of the west, ya know the www.”
“She’s coming later.” Dorothy giggles. “It’s her nap time at the moment,” shakes her curls. “This is what happens when you cross skulls with eggs. Ya get eggheads,” giggles with the scientists. “I want to thank you for accepting this important mission. You were selected quickly and swiftly for this task…”
Jorge frowns with puzzlement. “You’re scaring me, quickly and swiftly. Are those words used in firing squads?”
“Only if ya mess up, royally,” grins Mazzi.
Jorge thumbs his sofa-buddy. “Can we replace him?”
Dorothy shakes her curls saying. “Not economically feasible, he’s already been paid.”
Jorge nods grinning. “So we’re the cheapest of the lot picked up.”
Amos nods. “I actually prefer using the gentle term ‘least expensive.’”
Jorge nods chuckling. “That’s why you wanted my secret Swiss bank account number.”
Dorothy nods fingering the next scientist in the circular sofa. “Let’s finish by wrapping up the introductions for the rest of the scientists.”
“I suggest we start with a waltz,” grins Mazzi.
Dorothy smiles and shakes her curls. “That’s not on my agenda. I have to follow the rules. My boss is here.”
Mazzi smiles and shakes his ponytail. “Rules are so boring. State your name, specialty, and when you want me to call you. The current cell numbers and email addresses from some of you I want to contact for later.”
Dorothy smiles. “Strike that command from Romano! That’s not part of the agenda either for today.”
Mazzi grins. “But for later tonight, ladies. I’m Doctor...”
Dorothy shakes her curls. “Forget that one too! No one’s nicknamed doc, doctor on the mission. We will use our first names on the college diploma.”
Mazzi grins. “Mr. PhD.”
“No,” says Dorothy.
“I prefer Mr. Congeniality,” grins Mazzi.
“Never.” Dorothy says.
“Mr. Originality.” Mazzi smirks.
“Not here.” Dorothy shakes her curls.
“I want to be called Doc,” frowns Mazzi.
Jorge says nodding. “Let’s vote! This is America, the land of freedom and democracy.”
Dorothy giggles. “Okay! Raise your hand for Torquanto Mazzi to be known to this group as Doc.” Every hand rises with some fingers displaying nasty figures raises when she laughs. “Alright Doc, you’ve won their hearts for the day! Please continue the ID process before lunchtime bell.”
Mazzi smiles. “I’m a PhD during the day and a predator at night,” laughs with some of the scientists.
Dorothy frowns. “Children!”
“Present,” Jorge chuckles.
“Let’s move along!” Dorothy fingers the female.
Female: tall, cute, red hair, blue eyes, pale skin. “My name is Sayree Rotter...”
“Babe,” Mazzi winks at her.
Sayree exhales then frowns with annoyance. “No.”
“Goddess, then?” Mazzi grins.
She frowns. “Absolutely not.”
“How about my new friend?” Mazzi smiles.
Dorothy smiles and shakes her curls. “Doc, please stop with the sexual harassment moves or you’re off the team permanently.”
Mazzi winks at Dorothy. “Just having a little fun, Team-leader.”
“Later today, after I’m fully unconscious,” frowns Dorothy. “Sayree is our theologist.”
“See that’s why she’s the Team-leader.” Mazzi smiles and nods at Dorothy.
Male: tall, elderly, gray hair, dark skin, 70’s. He says. “I’m Will Bluff, the real boss. I’m financing this expedition...”
“...to hell,” chuckles Mazzi.
Bluff frowns with annoyance then stands. He scans the faces. “We will find out once we’re down there inside the cracked hole. Please continue around the room with the introductions,” thumbs his sofa-buddy.
Male: tall, dark-skin, black hair, slender. He says. “Admiral Skippy, Navy.”
Jorge nods and grins. “You’re a real admiral of the US Navy.”
Skippy nods, sitting. “Four starred last week.”
Mazzi frowns. “That’s your real name Skippy.”
He nods. “Skippy Leslie Lawson.”
Mazzi chuckles. “Gawd! Your mama was very unkind, bro.”
Bluff frowns at the young scientist. “Don’t use the Lord’s name in vain, sir.”
Mazzi says. “Good Lord Almighty, please have mercy on me, him, and you,” smiles at Bluff.
Male: short, bald, pale skin. He says. “Harper Watson, lawyer…”
Jorge chuckles. “Boo. Hiss. Boo.”
Mazzi frowns at Harper. “Who invited you, dude?”
Bluff views Watson. “I did being the boss-man. And I suggest you lose the suit and wingtips, Watson.”
“Yes, sir.” Watson nods.
Male: tall, dark-skin, average weight, brown hair. He says. “Garnett Vega, seismologist.”
Jorge smiles. “Was it really an earthquake in the central of cow patties without the tectonic plates jumping around like fleas on a dog’s butthole last week?”
Garnett nods, not smiling. “Indeed! The plates were located in Memphis. However the bizarre quake registered a 3.1 on the Reiter-scale which was caused by some unknown reason.”
Mazzi chuckles. “That’s the reason for us.”
Female: short, black hair, black eyes. She stands. “I am Lucy Nuer, a world renowned oceanographer who has been hand plucked for the particular expedition,” sits.
The Female: short, brown hair, brown eyes. She sits, smiling at the faces. “Li Zhang, computer nerd.”
“She’s cool.” Jorge winks at her grinning.
Mazzi flicks his earlobe chuckling. “She’s interesting because you’re not. Got me question? Can I go to the john?” He chuckles.
Dorothy shakes her curls. “At break time, any more questions?”
Mazzi raises his hand for a second time smiling. “Got me another question? Where’s the botanist and chemist if we’re going underground hunting and scouting the effects of an earthquake studying the flora, the stone floor, and other fun stuff inside the limestone cliff?”
Dorothy smiles and fingers him. “Excellent observation, Doc Mazzi! I’m going to let ya’ll guess what we’re looking for since each one of you are a talented scientist in your particular field.” 
Jorge frowns. “Naw! Just tell us!”
Lucy giggles. “It’ll be fun. We’re looking for Noah’s Ark. Am I right or pretty close, Dorothy?”
Dorothy nods, grinning. “Pretty close but no apple pie. Another guess?”
Jorge nods. “We’re going to find Noah’s Ark. I know that the outer space satellite radar and sonar echoes from Planet Earth into the space shuttle have identified a strange figure under the dirt of on Mount Sinai,” winks at the Will Bluff, the billionaire. “No wonder, a billionaire is here with us. Ya flying us by private jet over the Atlantic.”
Amos frowns and shakes his skull. “No way, dude.”
Garnett frowns at Jorge. “Mount Sinai was the mountain peak where Moses received the Ten Commandments from God. I loved that Hollywood film movie by producer Cecil B. De Mille.”
Dorothy smiles and shakes her curls at the scientists. She whispers for her ears, only. “This is what happens when you get PhD eggheads in one basket, without the mama hen.”
Sayree nods. “Mt. Sinai is also called Horeb located in the mountain district of the Sinai Peninsula, a triangle between the two north arms of the Red Sea with a peak elevation of 8,000 feet in the northeastern part of Egypt.”
Jorge frowns. “Are your referencing Mt. Jabal-Katrinah? Its mountain peak is higher at 8668 feet?”
Amos nods. “That mount peak is very close to St. Helene’s in the USA’s Washington State, 8,364 feet. Which happens to be an active volcano also? Mt. Sinai is not active.”
Mazzi chuckles. “Ya promise, dude!”
Amos nods. “Cross my heart and hope to visit God.”
Li frowns with confusion. “We’re looking for Noah’s Ark. No one can find it. If we analysis all the Biblical stories there are stories of deeds of kings, journeys of apostles, Brother Jesus’ baby birth. The Old Testament account provides evidence of God’s creation both the heavens and earth, and rest of the history and religious life of ancient Israel from 1300 BC to 100 BC. The New Testament covers hundred years with the birth of Jesus Christ and ends 125 AD. God is the main character of The Holy Bible in the Old Testament events it describes but His role is not always apparent.”
Mazzi frowns. “And what do all those statements mean to me, computer nerd?”
Lucy nods. “The Holy Bible doesn’t define God or try to prove His existence. It testifies who He is, what He does to His children and His property Planet Earth with the Flood and the Plagues, and what God expects from us and promises us in heaven which is peace on earth.”
Jorge nods. “The Book of Psalms is made up of prayers and hymns. The Book began oral literature sung thousands of years ago so as time passed people or the prophets wrote down the stories for people to read and learn. The Holy Bible stories include love poetry, songs, hymns, riddles, essays, fiction, history and proverbs.”
Harper nods. “The Holy Bible is a collection of stories about both great and ordinary people who experience and record their struggles, hopes, failures, and triumphs. The Holy Bible is read over and over by billions of people every day for guiding their life into the glory of faith and redemption of sin. Some people believed every event actually happened…”
Lucy nods. “I do.”
Harper says. “Some people feel the events are just symbols.”
Lucy shakes her curls. “I didn’t.”
Garnett nods. “Some people find The Holy Bible only an expression of faith. The Holy Bible is not a history book. It is a book of faith. Biblical scholars have noted differences in word vocabulary, writing style, names for God, and duplication of stories which could be evidenced by several persons or groups of persons. The Holy Bible was written over a period of 500 years by various authors as dictated by God.”
Harper says. “The Book of Revelation was written by John describing the seven letters to be delivered onto the seven churches about of God’s final triumph through Brother Jesus over evil and death through the heavenly arch-angels.”
Mazzi frowns at Dorothy. “What a minute? We’re looking for the Noah’s Ark not the Apocalypse. Right? Am I inside the right casino lounge without a money dropping slot machine and adult alcoholic bar?”
Will nods, saying. “The Holy Bible starts with the Creation then both Adam and Eve are expelled from Paradise. Where did Adam go? What did he do for all these years? He lived then died, of course. The next event was the great Flood and Noah who was Adam’s real great, great, great, great, great, great son or pretty close enough to his biological blood-kin,” chuckles. “The Flood killed everyone but Noah and his family. Noah and his family multiplied begetting Abraham’s sons and daughters. Then the Old Testament picked up with the ancestry of the Israelites and the Exodus from Pharaoh by Moses. It ended with the journey into the Promised Land of Canaan and the death of Moses. The New Testament was about Brother Jesus. So what happened between Adam and Noah’s timeline?” He smiles, scanning the faces of the scientists.
Mazzi frowns and shakes his ponytail. “Go and ask God! He knows.”
Will nods. “I do know.”
Jorge grins. “Are ya smoking something illegal, Willie? Cuz, no one knows at least inside my weekly Sunday School class,” chuckles with the other scientists.
Will smiles, nodding, “Between the Old and New Testament there are the hidden Books called the Apocrypha. We know this information to be true based on both the educated scholars and the nosy scientists. For example the Tobit tells of Solomon’s adventures and philosophy along with his daily moral lessons. I am tattle telling here there are hidden scriptures inside Noah’s Ark, not a U-boat shape of gopher wood. This is what we are seeking today.”
Jorge grins, clapping. “Whoa!”
Mazzi frowns with puzzlement. “How ya figure that, man?”
Will nods, smiling. “The great Flood is mentioned by numerous civilizations inside the Ancient Middle East from the Babylonians, the Sumerians, the Jewish, and the Islamic; the Asia-Pacific nations of China, Loa, India, Andaman Islands, Indonesia, Australia, New Zealand, and Malaysia; the Europe cultures of Greek, Germanic, Irish and Finnish; the American people of Aztec, Inca, May, Hopi, Caddo, Menominee, and finally the Polynesians. No one is exempt from this once in a life time Bible storyline.”
Lucy frowns. “These are the historical teachings of Christianity spread by the monks, missionaries, apostles, and prophets.”
Will says. “About 5,000 years ago the Sumerian culture began with codes of laws displayed in the format of colorless drawings and weird writings. About 3500 years ago the Egyptian culture used the same codes of laws displayed by hieroglyphics more advanced then the Sumerian society.”
“Aliens, ya mean,” chuckles Mazzi along with some of the scientists. He nods. “If we find a twirling space ship and a dining room table of little darling green aliens inside that cracked limestone opening not Noah’s Ark then I’m calling Hollywood and getting all my money back on their silly sci-fi movies,” he chuckles with the scientists.
Will says with fury. “Gentlemen!”
“Where?” Jorge grins.
Dorothy frowns. “Doctors.”
“Present,” Jorge raises his hand chuckling.
Will nods. “About 5,600 years ago some modern-day geologists believed the dramatic normal flooding of the rivers caused the catastrophic deluge from the Mediterranean Sea dumping into the Black Sea and traveling beyond. However numerous research expeditions have searched not uncovering Noah’s Ark on top of Mount Ararat. I believe that they are looking in the right place.”
Lucy frowns, raising her hand. “Wait a minute! Adam was projected to be the first man created by God then the non-human-like cave woman Lucy was found 100,000 years ago.”
Amos frowns. “Cavemen don’t count since it was an experiment gone badly wrong by God,” chuckles along with some of the scientists.
Li frowns at Amos. “God doesn’t experiment.”
Amos nods. “Of course He does. Witches. Werewolves. Vampires. Who made them? The wind. The dust. The sun. God did not all at once since He just takes his sweet tea time,” chuckles with the scientists.
Mazzi frowns with annoyance. “Monsters didn’t exist, Amos.”
“Satan, demons, angels, ghosts, furies...,” says Amos, grinning and nodding.
Dorothy says. “Silence children! Please continue, Will!”
Will nods. “In the Book of Genesis God created the male and female and then blessed them. God blessed them to be fruitful and multiply and then ordained dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over the cattle of the land, and over all the entire Planet Earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the ground…”
Mazzi chuckles. “Creepeth. A very strange odd word…”
Jorge laughs. “Wonder how the apostle figured out how to spell that one?”
Amos says. “C.r.e.e.p.e.t.h.”
Dorothy exhales. “Listen children,” frowning at her highly educated team mates.
Will says. “Adam died at age 930 years old. The Flood was around 2,900 BC. Noah died at the old age of 950 years…”
Jorge smiles and shakes his skull. “I don’t wanna live to be that old, ever.”
Mazzi flicks Jorge’s earlobe saying. “If you keep interrupting you won’t be alive for the fried catfish and hush-puppies dinner bell tonight.”
Jorge frowns at Mazzi. “I’m been threatened over here inside this shared loveseat by It again.”
Lucy raises her hand. “So after your enlightened lecture we’re seeking another undiscovered copy of the Koran inside Noah’s Ark.”
Will nods. “The Koran is the sacred book of the Mohammedans containing the religious, social, civic, commercial, military, and legal code of Islam. There are 114 chapters told by Mecca and Medina by the arch-angel Gabriel with the sound of bells written in Arabic and complied from Mohammed’s own lips.”
Jorge frowns at Will. “And why are we sitting around here on top of the pretty mint green fabric loveseats?”
Mazzi says, nodding. “The money.”
Will smiles, nodding. “Yes. My money is expensing both your fee and this trip. I would like to continue my lecture. Inside the Sumerian culture they saw the universe as earth, an enclosed dome surrounded by water and under the dome was the underworld. This is also a shared Christian point of view. There was a god of the dome for earth, a god of the water, a god of the underworld, a god of the sun, and a goddess of the moon. Their myths stated that the gods had created the humans for their servants for themselves but freed them when they became too much to handle. I do believe this coincides with God creating mankind inside the storyline when Adam and Eve attacked that damn apple and were expelled from paradise. The Sumerian society exchanged both cultural and linguistic information with the Semitic Akkadian, the Amorite Babylonians, and the Hittites re-telling a similar storyline paralleling the Biblical accounts of both Noah and the Flood, except they called it the Sumerian deluge myth. Research scholars discovered the shared storyline within 40,000 clay tablets which were written about 5,000 years old. I believe many more books of the Holy Scripture are hidden within Noah’s Ark for the finder to discover and share with the entire world.”
Mazzi frowns. “So this is the point of your story telling.”
Lucy frowns, nodding. “Then we’re looking for the Noah’s Ark in the State of Alabama.”
Jorge frowns, shaking his skull. “What? Naw!”
Will says. “Within the Sumerian codes scholars had discovered inside the clay tablets more Biblical parallels to Brother Job, the suffering and submission of the faithful which was rewarded by a deity. Another shared example of the Sumerian codes covered the proclamations of divorce, perjury, adultery, and penalties retribution of stealing. A good example an eye for an eye is stated inside the Holy Bible. Another good example is the story of Dilmun or the Garden of Eden where Dilmun is a pure, clean, bright non-party place with neither sickness or death with an abundance of fruit trees and gardens.”
Mazzi frowns. “So if there are really hidden clay tables inside the Ark, why didn’t the scholars already theory that tidbit of information? This is the first time I’ve heard of this silly theory.”
Will smiles. “Because the Sumerian cultured had disappeared without explanation. The scholars or scientists can’t address that question, either with their pens or notebooks. No one can answer why Babylon was destroyed besides God getting anger and then destroying His children for decadence.”
Lucy frowns, shaking her curls. “There was told in the Holy Bible God was responsible for the destruction of His cities because they re-engaged in the worshipping of pagan gods while ignoring Noah’s advise.”
Amos frowns. “I don’t understand.”
Lucy frowns. “I don’t like your conclusion.”
Will smiles. “It is not a conclusion. This is a theory. Noah had written it all down inside his clay tablets or leather books hidden inside the ark.”
Jorge frowns. “Books!? Noah possessed clay tablets or written books on leather goods.”
Amos smiles and nods. “Those could be worth billions.”
Jorge grins. “Zillions!”
Mazzi smiles. “Priceless.”
Jorge smiles and stands dancing and humming. “I’m going to be rich...”
Mazzi frowns with confusion. “Are you sharing your trillion-dollar find with us here inside this room, Will the billionaire?”
Dorothy presses the button. “Look at the television screen. This is the Coosa River flowing from Mobile Alabama into Rome Georgia from the direction of northwest down to southwest,” presses the button. “This is the enlargement of the limestone cliffs a natural phenomena along the Coosa River. It has existed for eons. Three days ago, our slight earthquake knocked a crack into the limestone bedrock. The US Park and Water Service Department went to investigate with the intention to plug the hole,” giggling. “Instead the crack revealed a deep dark cavern when the flashlights shined into the tight opening. When the Park Rangers tapped on the bedrock the crack expanded into a small crawl space. Over the past three days the crawl space has broken off chunks sliding and falling into the river surprisingly revealing small pebbles, large rocks, and wood bits…”
Mazzi frowns with confusion. “Wood pieces are inside a chalk limestone cliff!? That’s really weird.”
“…and intriguing, too,” Will nods, smiling. “We’re going to investigate. I suspect in theory that the clay tablets were transported from Noah’s Ark by other blood relatives, probably thieves. Remember, when God let loose the flood waters the one-land divided in many land continents. I suspect some of Noah’s distance relatives took off foot carrying the clay tablets with them for either luck or reward or evil,” chuckles with some of the scientists.
“Back to reality, team-mates,” Dorothy nods. “At the rear of the room you will see a pile of green ugly leather backpacks and expensive good steady cliff climbing gear. Every scientist must wear a helmet, a life-vest, a pair of gloves, a pair of knee braces, and the eye goggles to be both money rich and a part of the exploring team,” when scientists stand and move towards the rear wall. She says. “And you must fill and sign the legal papers inside the front pouch of the backpack. Every backpack is exactly the same. Please provide me your personalized signed and dated legal paper. Ink pens are supplied inside your backpack too. You can bring any personal gear including cell phones, cameras or whatever. But I’m not responsible for damage or lost.” She presses the button. “Look here! The flowing water before and after the limestone cliffs are rapids, class three white water rapids.”
Mazzi dumps the items of his selected backpack on the floor looking for the ink pen and legal papers. “Dang! Class-three white water rapids are not smooth going the hard river rocks. Who’s paddling my boat?”
Skippy stands. “I’m lead on one boat. Mazzi, you’re lead on the second boat. It doesn’t matter which boat you sit inside wear all your gear which I will be checking, first. We will lead out by two helicopters. The copters will land on in the grass, not mud. We have two platoons loaded and ready with gear. Also we have to climb a rope ladder along the cliff which should be easy. The rope leads directly into the newly expanded crack of the cavern. Mazzi and Jorge will be assisting folks up from the cliff for safely. Don’t worry! And don’t ask me any more questions. I’m clueless about the inners of the cavern and content like ya’ll,” dressing his body with the water gear.  
Dorothy stands, nodding. She extends her palm. “After all the papers are collected we leave out towards the helicopters. Select and pick any seat on the copter and be calm. The next couple of hours are going to be unpredictable on this trip...”
“Space trip,” Mazzi hands off his signed and dated legal paper relieving the billionaire of any personal body damage of the team before, during, and after the mission.

White water rapids. Coosa River. limestone cliffs. cavern.
Dorothy thrusts the paddle against the waves when it hits her face. She spits out fresh water closing her eyelashes. She exhales brushing the cold water from her face for vision. The platoon dives into the cold water again when another wave hits her face.
Skippy maneuvers the platoon towards the limestone cliff wall. Dorothy sees a man-made rope hanging from a large bolt that has been drilled into the limestone boulder. Skippy slams the rubber platoon against the rock when waves smash into riders and the flooring of the boat. He ties off the platoon then stands, shifting around the riders.
He taps Li on the collar bone, first. She stands then wobbles then falls back into her seat. Skippy lifts her under the armpits then hooks the rappelling rope to the rear of her life jacket. He tugs on the rope then lifts her onto the fourth ream of the rope ladder.
Li slowly climbs up with her gloves then reaches the top as her boots disappear from his view. Skippy assists the rest of the scientists onto the rope then watches each one disappear into the crack opening of the cavern. He double checks the latch connecting the rope to platoon then climbs the rope ladder.
Skippy stands inside the archway of the cavern, seeing.
The bright flashlight beams on the upright dark shadows, the scientists. They squat or scurry around a small pile of wooden planks over the white chalky stone flooring.
Mazzi taps on the stone wall laughing. His words echo around the stone. “Kobold is here.”
“Stop it, Mazzi!” Jorge squats, tapping on the wood with his naked hand, studying it.
Amos stands and frowns over a second small pile of wood on the opposite wall, saying. “A German made ghost or a Scottish brownie,” chuckling.
You can hear the rushing water of the rapids, birds singing, and the scraping noises of the boats tied below hitting the cliff from the wave in the background as Skippy blocks the cracked opening with his backpack. He surveys the team mates for stress, panic or trouble.
Lucy squats and says. “It’s a gnome who works in the mines or forests.”
Jorge laughs and squats. “It ain’t mine,” studying the wood.
Harper smiles. “It definitely is not a forest either,” studying the wood.
Dorothy taps on her pile of wood. “These particular knife curved drawings in the wood appear to be some type of unknown symbols. I believe this might be actually wooden planks from the Biblical Ark,” squats on the stone. “This symbol translates into the Arabic word kochlani.”
Lucy nods. “The word kochlani means a royal horse of the Arabian line. It could represent one of the many royal off springs of King Solomon’s stallion named Neibuhr,” smiles at the symbol.
Mazzi frowns, scanning the dark hole. “Where’s the text books?” He chuckles and shakes his cap.
Amos stands, scanning the dark hole of stone. “Where’s the Ark of the Covenant?”
Will stands in front of the wood pile scanning the scientists, frowning with disappointment. “I so expected to find some more evidence of an additional Holy Scripture here inside the stone cave. I was so certain,” swings and walks towards Skippy.
Skippy blocks the entrance portal with his body caressing his hand gun watching for any trouble. He says to Will. “Impossible.”
Dorothy scoots her hand over wood. “The next symbol curved into the wood reads malum. Malum is the Latin word for apple.”
Lucy shakes her curls, nodding. “No. You’re incorrect, Dorothy. Malus, mala, and malum all are Latin words meaning an evil. When Eve ate the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden they were expelled.”
“Whoa! Evil inside a stone cave with a pile of rotting wood…,” Jorge laughs surveying his pile of wood.
Harper touches the wood, frowning. “What do all these symbols mean on the wood? How did all the wood planks get inside a stone cave millions of years ago?”
Dorothy touches the next symbol. “Mammon, the Syrian word means riches, the god of the material world which is quoted in the Holy Bible. The quote comes from the Book of Matthew saying: you cannot serve God and mammon, both.” 
Lucy frowns, squatting and viewing Dorothy. “The Biblical quote translates into a personification of both evils of wealth and misery. I don’t understand.”
Dorothy touches the next symbol. “See the other symbol! Kafir is an infidel in Arabic language. The name was given to the Hottentots who rejected the Moslem faith.”
Lucy squats and touches a piece of the wood, frowning. “Why are those symbols etched on the wooden planks? What is the purpose? What does it all translate into?”
Jorge nods, chuckling. “This entire space trip doesn’t make any sense. Seeing’s believing, I guess.”
Amos says. “Possession is nine-tenths of the legal law. Right legal William? Right, Doc Mazzi?”
Harper stands, frowning and fingering the wood planks. “This is a curse, not a warning.”
Mazzi laughs. “Noah built a bookcase for his books then ditched the wooden planks here inside the unknown territory of the future home of a bunch of Bama rednecks,” fist-bumps with Jorge.
Amos stands, nodding. “We accomplished our task, our mission. Let’s go home and get warm. I’m tired. I want a hot bath and a cold beer.”
“Who’s going to tote out these wooden planks from the cavern?” Harper views Dorothy, asking.
Mazzi laughs. “William is. This is his all his legal property now.”
Lucy stands, frowning at the wooden planks. “I don’t understand. What could the two piles of wooden planks possibility mean to anyone living in the modern world?”
“It’s a message.” Dorothy squats touching the symbols, nodding.
Skippy scans the wall, the scientists, and the stone when someone shoves him to the right out of the way of the entrance portal.
They appear crowding the cracked opening of bright sunlight.
Will frowns at the strangers. “Who are ya’ll? We have permits surveying this historical land site on the Coosa River.
Male: tall, dark skin, muscular. He smiles at Will. “Speak English for the stupid Americans. The question, what are we?”
Skippy wipes the blood from his face whipping out his gun when the other hand guns point and fire at all the scientists. The bullets ping off the stone into the flesh of the dying scientists. Skippy kills one stranger then tosses his empty hand gun. He attacks the nearest stranger fighting with fists.
They twirl around and around spinning towards the entrance opening. The stranger punches his face when Skippy falls backward. The stranger hits Skippy’s face again. Skippy falls in a backward motion for a second time hitting the open crack of the cavern mouth.
The second stranger grabs Will’s shoulders. Will shouts. “Son, save yourself! I love ya…”
Skippy doesn’t catch any hand holes on the smooth stone wall falling backward out the entrance opening. His body descends down the cliff then hits the platoon. His body bounces a few inches then lands on his back muscles under the rough platoon. His impact and tallness jerks the rope from the metal bolts.
The platoon sails down the rough waters towards the smooth lagoon. He closes his eyelids in throbbing pain and aching limbs hearing more gun blasts and piercing screams from the dying scientists.
Skippy passes into darkness.

Tuesday
Birmingham. Alabama. 8:35 am. 2100 Panorama Drive.
“Title 18, section 2320?” Islander watches the house asking the funny question, tapping on the steering wheel of his car. He smiles at his working partner named Kay Lexington.
Kay uses her creatively shorten version of Islander’s name. “Shut it, Is!” She wears the super magnified binoculars around her eyeballs and studies open windows of the manor where they have been assigned to present the arrest warrant.
“Not multiple choice option. O! Trafficking in counterfeit goods.” Islander writes the correct answer on the notepad filled with typed questions between the steering column of his new sports car in fire engine red with black glossy aluminum alloy wheels and tires.
The FDA team watches the house.
“Shut it, Is.”
“Trafficking. Why trafficking spelled t.r.a.f.f.i.c.k and not…”
“Shut it, Is.”
“O! A noun, pronoun or verb meaning of…track fuck. There’s got to be no other description then the translation track fuck,” chuckles and nods. “Must be one of our buzz words within the FDA database. Right, Lex?”
“Shut it, Is.”
“Did you re-cert, yet? Me gots to do it next week to stay OCI special agent for the FDA and keep my puny paycheck dropping into my empty bank account to pay for my new sports car…”
“Shut it, Is.”
He caresses the leather steering wheel then the dashboard, smiling. “You like my new sports car.”
“Shut it, Is.”
“Why we here?”
“The FDA is pursing all biomedical researchers engaged in any and all illegal pharmaceutical practices when applying for any type of proper drug license,” she studies the house.
He giggles. “O! Ya mean some research in neurobiology, neurology, and psychiatry supporting brain tumors, neurodegeneration therapeutics, epilepsy, autism, multiple sclerosis, Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s diseases. Medical research provides scientists with infrastructure accessing new pharmaceutical drugs. Burn U gots a new MRI scanner that scans only the skull bone and the brain matter. That’s one of the coolest and latest equipment monitoring…”
“This doc can grow parts of the body without God’s help using stem cells.”
“Why we here?”
“Burn U ranks 24th among all academic institutions in the USA using our US Federal paid income taxes funding their public bank accounts for research with legal drugs and unapproved medical mechanic devices totaling over $801 million which is almost one billion dollars involving close to 1,200 docs.”
He nods smiling. “Wow!”
“Stem cell research classifies into three main types: embryonic, adult, and reprogrammed cells.”
“Embryonic!?”
“Baby stem cells.”
He smiles at her. “Ya know I read this research medical report stating that there’s a stem cell gel, not hair gel either that delivers a nerve pow of energy restoring the hearing of small deaf mammals. Why would God make small deaf mammals, Lex?”
“Shut it, Is.”
“Ya know stem cells are nothing but cells that divide like mathematics into embryonic and adult cells then they all grow up to be new organs such as skin, tissues, intestines and blood.”
“Shut it, Is.”
“What the…she-doc do wrong?”
She exhales studying the surrounding house lawns and streets. “Harvesting. Ya know stealing literally the stem cells of blood from the baby’s umbilical cord inside the new Mommy-to-be’s womb during the patient scheduled examination session.”
“Whoa!”
“Ya riding a horse, Is.”
“Ya know the stem cells are found inside the amniotic fluid from the unborn baby in Mommy-to-be’s womb. The first amniotic stem cells bank opened in the year 2009 here in the US working with the hospitals and the research universities on medical tissue regeneration of injured and elderly patients. The President called the amniotic stem cells the future of medicine. The stem cells are very active expanding without feeders of feathers from birds or feet of mice. And the amniotic stem cell do not cause or duplicate cancer cells. So the doc can sell her baby products on the black market. How much did she make last year? I might be starting my own company,” giggles.
“Bank statements record $125 million in the calendar year starting in January. Whoa! How she gets captured?”
Kay exhales dropping the binoculars, viewing him. “You didn’t learn about verbs in elementary school. Did ya, Is?” He smiles when she says. “I guess rednecks only utilize. Utilize is a fancy term for use. Rednecks only utilize the noun and exclamation combo. Our job is to capture and arrest her after she got really greedy and then filed an amniotic fluid patient charge on her OB patient’s medical bill with the smart and greedy health insurance company. One the smart underpaid registered nurses got more curious and discovered the one charge then the many more laboratory tests for the so-called amniotic fluid medical test conducted in her private physician office. The RN called the office manager and asked for the results of the lab tests. When the physician’s office manager couldn’t provide the lab tests plus the results then the physician suggested eliminating the patient charge from the insurance payment to her business office. This wasn’t only a weird suggestion from a greedy physician who didn’t want money but an unethical practice since the insurance company had previous paid all the monies for the amniotic fluid medical tests without the results to the physician for numerous patient medical bills. The doc didn’t seem concerned since she was in the country of Spain at the time doing with her extracurricular activities. Thee RN called lots of skulls and talked to lots of faces. The final call was to us, the FDA. And now we are here waiting for her,” fingers the three-story limestone rock mansion in Valley Hills, a luxury suburban community of Birmingham.
“So me and you here…”
“The embryonic stem cell comes in three gut tubes: ectoderm, endoderm, and mesoderm. Ectoderm is the nerves and skin. Endoderm represents the lungs. The mesoderm makes up the muscle, bone and blood vessel in essence everything else that connects all three gut tubes.”
He chuckles to her. “My gut tells me that’s the important one.”
“In order to maintain an undifferentiated state of the stem cells they’re grown inside mice guts within a layer of gelatin as an extracellular matrix without the optimal culture combo or the embryonic stem cells rapidly differentiate.”
“Ya mean they morph into a monster rat the size of my motorbike so she got a few exotic pets living with her.”
“The basement is a home-made laboratory with dozens of cages and dozens of invoices from the local pet store around the corner for gray furry things with four legs and pink noses.”
“Did she freeze the growing stem cells on the live mice?”
“She shipped all the mice and grown stem cells alive inside the cages to the following foreign counties of Great Britain, Italy, Spain and others breaking about twenty-three international laws. Plus she committed about fifteen criminal international acts directly invading the foreign cities where the foreign governments have a moratoria on all stem cells because of the superhuman ability to expand the pluripotency into a potential source of some type of regenerative medicine for tissue replacement after body injury or disease.”
He chuckles surrounding the streets with his eyeballs. “What…that pluripotency again?”
“Shut it, Is.”
“O! Pluripotency…from the Latin word plurimus meaning ‘very many’ and potens means ‘having power.’ so the very many having the power to develop into an awesome cool regeneration man or woman,” winks at her.
“Pluripotent stem cells cannot give rise into a fetal or adult organism since it lacks a placenta ya know the nutrients from a host like a Mommy-to-be feeding the fetus for growth and survival.”
“O! A neanderthal-like regenerate man or woman. Ya know research shows that stem cells can treat patients with leukemia with world-wide future implementations to treat a world-wider variety of diseases from other body cancers, spinal cord injuries, MD, muscle damage…”
“Treatment risk of the transplanted stem cells can always form tumors becoming cancerous if the cell divides and continues to grow out of control inside a sicker human body. That’s why there’re currently no approved treatments using embryonic stem cells.”
“I argue that a human with any type of permanent disabling injury or terminal disease is willing take the risk and the chance that the medical potential will overcome their hope of their life time trauma.”
“If the stem cells being good or bad pluripotent cells are injected directly into another human warm body that warm body can cause a teratoma.”
He chuckles viewing the neighbor’s house. “What…that teratoma again?”
“Shut up, Is.”
“O! A tumor that grows many gut layers possessing hair, teeth, bone, eyeballs, finger pads, toe bones…”
“Very rare, Is.”
“And recorded by the medical diagnosis of teratoma based on its histology made by pathologists usually more common in the ovaries of women and the testes of men within a cyst that resembles a fetus with hair, arms and…”
“Shut it, Is.”
Her mobile telephone says via the other FDA agent team at the intersection. “Mark is coming to you at nine o’clock.”
Islander and Lex flip to the right seeing the luxury sedan curving around the driveway towards the below ground four-car garage next store to the secret basement holding her private laboratory conducting secret experiments on the poor little gray mice. They exit slamming the doors the same time.
Islander pulls his gun revolver holding it two-fisted aiming down at the asphalt pavement.
“Diplomatic approach, first then the cowboy show, not at all.” Lex slaps her manicured fingernails on the roof of his new muscle car frowning at him.
Islander views her pouting then stares at his hand gun. He releases his right shooting hand from the two-fisted pose dropping the weapon down even with his kneecap then winks at her.
Lex eye rolls walking beside him towards the front door. She shoulders her purse containing all the arresting legal documents, her Alabama driver’s license, and her wallet. She pulls out her FDA ID badge dropping the necktie around her neck jerking the arrest warrant from the side pocket of the bag.
Islander always wears his ID stamped in navy blue six inched letters FDA over the white T-shirt learning that trick from a good buddy inside the local FBI Office on the Southside community with Birmingham. His necktie with the authentic FDA badge swings back and forth across his chest marching towards the manor holding the revolver ready for an action.
Lex and Islander stomp up the nice bricked steps then professionally ring the doorbell. She says. “I handle the introduction this time before you shoot the whites of her eyeballs.”
“I like being both efficient and efficacy that’s the official FDA motto, Lex.”
The door cracks then widens presenting a queen-sized woman. Lex shows her FDA badge even with the physician’s eyeballs along with the paper. “Doctor Carlyn Lhowe, you are under arrest for illegal exportation of…,” when Carlyn back steps dropping her mouth then spins right heading up the stairs. Lex shakes her curls saying. “Go cowboy!”
Islander pivots then whistles as Lester jumps from the open window dashing towards his master. Islander trots down the bricked steps squatting as the dog slows then sits on his hind legs in a regal pose awaiting his command orders. Islander says. “Ataque Lester around back, vamus,” finger around the house corner. Lester is a German shepherd dog trained knowing what to do and who to catch since the manor only contains one person
Lex fingers the winding staircase. “She went up into the attic. There’s a door and space, maybe for another laboratory, Is.”
“Get it!” He slides her being the muscle and the sheriff since Lex is the lady and the judge. He pounds the carpet hitting the top level scanning the hallway.
There is a new door by the window. He runs down the hallway then stops studying the parted cracked door. He aims the gun into the darkness swinging the wood open with the toe of his boot spotting emptiness. He quickly shuffles into the room studying the emptiness, a false face full of dirty windows displaying the tall trees in the back yard. Then he sees a second door flinging it open.
He stands at the archway as Lex appears standing inside the first archway. “Clear,” holding her gun into the room then drops it seeing Islander.
He fingers the second door of darkness. “Fake. This door leads down another set of dark whining steps. I theorize down into the secret laboratory in the basement.” Lex nods.
Islander tromps the descending steps watching for the physician landing on hard rough concrete. He studies the dank enclosed concrete walls. Islander walks to the door pulling the metal door open with the butt of revolver studying the danger.
Carlyn chimes her body movements flinging into the metal trays, scooting the chairs, and tossing reference manuals as the items flick off her queen-sized body twirling through the laboratory for an escape from the FDA agents.
Islander chuckles at her circus clown show training the weapon training on fat ass not shooting like a good cowboy.
Carlyn waddles towards the exit door on the opposite side of the home-made basement laboratory slapping a button as water pours from the overhead sprinkler system.
Islander. “Back up and go around the corner. Do you…”
Lex is drenched in water. “Ah!” she flings her arms from the wetness frowning with frustration.
Islander chuckles. “Rain’s indoors for today.”
“Is, what’s your status?”
He slowly curves around the spilled furniture, wet water puddles on the floor, and miscellaneous objects blocking his boots. “Wet and mad! She went out a side door leading right into the garage,” laughs. He successful maneuvers the weird-ass obstacle course reaching the closed door then presses the button to exit.
The door pops open as he guides forward holding his gun coming into a full view. Lester growls and snarls four feet away from the frightened and pissing in her designer pants Carlyn Lhowe, MD.
She crouches behind the bumper of her new luxury sedan panting with fear. She sees Islander with the gun hollering. “Call it off! I surrender. Call it away from me. I give up…”
“Sento Lester.” The dog stops and sits upon his hind legs tilting his skull at Islander for the next command. Islander shifts towards Lester aiming the gun at her skull.
Lex marches through the garage door both wet and mad. “Dr Lhowe, you are under arrest for the illegal exportation of stem cells from the United States Government….,” when the other emergency vehicles arrive along with a van of FDA agents.
Islander frowns at his wet clothes marching to his new sports car. He pops the trunk retrieving a set of dry clothes. He changes inside the van then talks with the other FDA officers, local police and the paramedics.
Carlyn Lhowe, MD is handcuffed both dry and sad into the van going to the downtown FDA jail cell.
Islander squats stroking on Lester. “Good buddy, Lester! You’re my good buddy, boy!”
Lex changes her wet clothes into a set of FDA gear smiling and patting on Lester, too. “Good boy, Lester and Is. We put away another bad guy making her greedy materialist possessions.”
Islander stands with Lex. “Drop ya by your house for quick clothing change,” she nods. They walk to his sports car. “I don’t know if we have done a good deed today, Lex.”
She drops her mouth nodding. “Yes. We did. She broke twenty-three international rules…”
He opens her door when Lester enters the rear seat then Lex slides into the passenger seat. He walks around the bumper scooting into the driver’s seat starting the engine. “I mean she is a brilliant researcher being able to grow stem cells on little mice then sell them for a profit. Them stem cells did save some folks’ lives. Isn’t that what life is about helping other folks?” he drives from the community.
Lex frowns with annoyance shaking her curls. “No! She committed an evil act on tiny unborn child, Is. She deserves and deserved her upcoming punishment both jail time and monetary fines up her butthole. She’s going to lose her private physician practice, her office building, her house, her new car, her designer clothes, and her bank accounts of money…”
Is exhales and drives the car. “Don’t know! Dr. Lhowe should be allowed to craft her medical research then forced to save the lives of really sick people who need it. I believe that to be a more just punishment for her greed then allowing her mind and medical knowledge to rot away inside a US Federal Government Women’s Correctional Institution. Isn’t that why we’re here on Planet Earth to help people?”
Lex chuckles and shakes her curls. “You live on another planet, Is.”

10:15 am. Green Springs Dog Park. George Ward Nature Park.
Lex changed her borrowed FDA clothes into her business suit and pumps. Is drove the car towards a grassy park not the office building. Lex exits the car not slamming the door. She doesn’t move from the door frowning with annoyance of the site and the smell. “This is not the nice cool office building of our employment, Is. What’s this place?” she views the grass seeing dogs sniff the ground. Some dogs sniff each other buttholes having a wonderful freedom inside the guarded pens.
Is smiles, sliding out the seat for Lester to exit the car. Lester sits at the boot toes of Islander for his next command. Is tosses his arm towards the park when Lester leaps then runs towards the grass for some playtime and potty time. He says. “The George Ward Nature Park for doggies operates from sunrise to sunset along 2.6 acres of three fenced areas for dogs running and playing with their owners or without their owners,” chuckles. They walk around the grass as Is watches Lester’s behavior. He expands his arms grinning. “There’s plenty of shade trees with a crooking small stream of fresh water and three playing field separated by fences one for small doggies like you poo...”
Lex giggles gingerly stepping her pumps over the piles of poo. “Pekingese.”
Is fingers the animals. “Small doggies and large bad ass breeds like that Doberman with his owner…”
“…who seems to be chasing with a real aggressiveness streak after that little helpless chihuahua. The chihuahua runs with panted breathe dangling her pink tongue to her mistress. Hmm! I see large-breed dogs in both the fenced fields. Is that legal?” Lex views the park.
Lester stops spotting the nasty beast as the Doberman leaves the small dog then runs his nose up and through the linked chains growling at Lester inside the second protective dog park.
Is nods. “Disrespectful owners. Easy Lester, he ain’t our prey today.”
Lester, Is, and Lex venture towards the northwest side of the baseball-sized field seeing and smelling piles of old and fresh dog shit between the matted grass, tall yellow weeds, and pretty colorful wildflowers.
Lex exhales frowning with disgust. “Smelly.”
“Watch the landmine.” Is stomps over the pile.
“Oops!” Lex glides over the shit pile of large brown dog turds as big as horse patties.
“Extremely unhealthy and can spread disease to you and me.” Islander laughs watching the lonely male near the garage dump.
She frowns with disgust walking on the clean grass. “Shame on the disrespectful dog owners for not cleaning up their disgusting horse turds.”
This is the point of a doggie park, Lex. The doggies fertilize the grass and flowers.
She fingers the grass. “What’s this space with its owned fenced-in corner?”
Is watches the human. “An agility area for the bad ass breeds to learn to leap, jump, and tackle their small predators like a pack of crazy squirrels or a pod of tiny perfumed pookingeses.”
“While the bad ass breeds learn and create disrespectful playmates on the tiny perfumed Pekingese,” she sees the human. “There’s our mark.”
“Yeah,” Is walks towards the male. The male faces them smoking cigarettes laughing as his Doberman chases after the other helpless smaller dogs. Islander slams his body into the male pinning him against the garage dump. He sneers and smiles. “I is Islander.”
The male sneers. “You is redneck.
Is grins. “I prefer hillbilly, man.”
The male snarls at Lex. “You her poop turd.”
Islander twists the male then slams the skull into the garbage receptacle hitting the male’s nose bridge flowing pretty red blood down the male’s new dress shirt. 
The male holds his nose whining. “I..sue…”
Is leans into the male’s bloody face. “Can’t hear ya, dude. Could be your nose’s all stopped up with some flowing red substitute and I hope it doesn’t leak and test for an illegal substance, bro,” laughs holding the drug pusher by the dress shirt. “Now! Let’s talk in a set of slo mo words for ya’ll to understand. You be the drug pusher, a poor underprivileged boy here. We’re looking for the drug dealer. Ya know the big man in your eyeballs. Just finger point in the general direction I’ll take it from there.”
The male holds his nose whining. “This…illegal, bro.”
Lex chuckles studying the drug pusher. “Another redneck that can’t use proper English verbs.”
Is slams the male into the dumpster leaning into his face. He sneers. “See man! I don’t want to be here. I got a date with a hot chick with big tits and a fine ass. I rather be fucking her then you fucking me. Ya ear burn me, dude.”
Lex giggles frowning with confusion. “Ear burn.”
“A new FDA term ya like, Lex?” Is grins as Lex shakes her curls. “Aqui Lester.” The dog inflames his nostrils and targets his eyeballs at Islander’s hand holding the male’s penis through the new clean designer trousers.
The male sneers. “What…you say, bro?”
Is chuckles. “The language is called Spanish, dude. Lester here speaks in a foreign tongue, well he listens in a foreign language. I just told him to eye ball my hand.”
The male looks down at Islander’s fingers playing with his balls through the jeans. He gasps whining. “Ya sick bastard.”
Is chuckles. “Thank ya, kindly. Now, do me a kinder favor and give up the drug dealer? That’s all we want.”
The male quivers. “Not me…”
Lex asks studying the male. “Where’s the drug dealer, sir?”
“Shepherds come in a variety of colors ya probably see tan and black with the black mask and black body markings called a saddle. Lester here is a blanket, a rare color of all blue which is considered to possess serious faults like lack of hearing…”
“It deaf…”
Is shakes his skull, smiling. “Naw, man! Shepherds possess a set of both excellent ears and eyeballs. Escuchar Lester.” The dog shifts his eyeballs directly towards Islander’s eye sockets watching and waiting for the next dog command. Is says. “The bite of a German shepherd carries a force of 238 pounds in its teeth compared to 86 pounds in your yellow toothies. Ya comprehend that stat, man?” Is views the dog, grinning. “Qui pasa Lester. Shepherds are bred for their high IQs and learn a simple task after only five times and obey the first command 95% of the time because of their ability to work regardless of how loud you scream, man. Ataque, Lester.” The Spanish word means to attack.
Lester dog commands: stay is quedarse. Cesar is stop. Matar is kill. Sento is sit.
The medium-sized Doberman pinscher races using his muscular speed as an elegant lightning black streaks across the green grass with a docked tail and cropped ears. It viciously attacks Lester.
Dobermans are well known as smart, alert, and loyal companion to their owners, especially in the protection space as nasty guard dogs. This one appears to have received verbal orders for that particular command from its drug pusher owner.
A sufficient size at 27 inches tall with 80 pounds of muscle coupled with an optimal combination of strength, endurance and swiftness. Lester isn’t particular impressed being 95 pounds at 26 inches high with scissor-like teeth coupled with his strength, speed and devotion of loyalty to protect Islander from any and all evil deadly encounters.
The Doberman pinscher is a combination of four breeds crossing the Greyhound, the Manchester terrier, the Rottweiler, and the German shepherd gene pool to create the famous breed.
Is back steps from the drug pusher moving to guard Lex for any danger. They watch the dogs fight. Is shouts and chuckles. “Don’t beat your cousin too badly, Lester.”
Lester only stops his death act when Islander issues the Spanish word cesar, not any other American slang thanks to the shepherd’s devoted obedience of being a bad ass breed.
The doberman aims for the neck as the domed skull of the shepherd blocks the challenge of sharp teeth then flings the doberman to the side with a soft thud on the grass.
The shepherd charges with scissor-like teeth at the hind leg of the doberman missing then grabs the paw jerking the flying hock of the dog onto the dirt as the Doberman’s red blood splashes like water. With powerful jaws the shepherd tears a big chuck of black skin off the top of the Doberman’s beautiful forehead along with one cropped ear. Then the shepherd attacks the left knee joint chewing with sharp teeth through the wrist bone. For Lester’s finale the shepherd tosses the doberman up into the air. The doberman twists side to side landing its back with two out of four broken limbs then the shepherd punctures the upper arm separating it from the chest cavity.
The doberman breathes its last breathe when its owner runs away from Islander and Lex in both panic and fear.
Like a bolt of black lightning Lester gallops and chases down the owner of the doberman nipping and tearing at the shoe. The drug pusher trips with one floored foot onto solid dirt then somersaults into the air flinging arms at nothing. He lands on his back muscles when Lester pounces onto his chest cavity.
“Quedarse Lester.” Islander hollers aiming his revolver into the male’s bloody nose. “You are under arrest for assaulting my vicious pet along with some other minor charges probably like possessing some vile pills which we will find after searching your place.”
“I’ll take it from here, Is. Thanks, Lester.” Lex shows the search warrant holding the paper over his eyeballs. Then she spins walking towards his parked van inside the parking lot doing her FDA job. She enters his private premise to find the illegal stash of drugs he has used for drugging kids around the street corner at the local elementary school.
The second van of FDA agents arrive handcuffing and dragging the drug pusher to the local jail cell.
Islander probes Lester assessing the dog’s medical condition after the one-side dog fight. He exhales, smiling. “No bruises. No teeth marks. No worry, boy.” Lester licks his face with happiness wiggling the tail. “Let’s go and help Lex.” They trot towards the van.

12:03 pm. FDA Office. First Avenue. Downtown. Birmingham.
Lex reads her mobile telephone with the new FDA assignment stepping out of the building into the bright sunshine as Islander places his new aviator sunglasses over hazel eyeballs smiling and happy with the set of morning accomplishments. He says. “Lunchtime. I want…we want…,” looking behind his ass. He stops then spins dropping his mouth. “Where the hell’s Lester?”
Lex walks down the steps. “That time of the month.”
Is runs after her frowning with puzzlement “Lester’s a he, not a her.”
She giggles. “Not that time of the month, Is. His physical check over after a violent engagement from his deadly FDA assignment you know that, Is.”
He nods, smiling. “O yeah! I hungry always. Let’s go…”
“No time,” she shakes her curls walking towards his new sports car. Islander likes to drive so she can get seasick. When she drives Is complains about everything which is more annoying than the seasick car racing.
He opens her passenger door like a southern gentleman. She slides into the seat reading her mobile telephone with the latest information on the new FDA assignment. Lex is the senior agent and the boss. Islander is the junior agent and the driver. She issues the orders when he fulfills them with his pal Lester, a nice trio of agents for the US Federal Drug Administration agency.
He slides into the car caressing the steering column smiling. “Always time to eat and go or go and eat,” chuckles and roars the engine. He smoothly pulls out of the parking lot of FDA building onto the roadway driving away from the downtown streets, without asking permission.
Lex fingers the road. “Swing around to the right at the next traffic light…”
He drives and smiles. “Naw. Food wants me and me wants food. After the noon sun time for food,” shifts into second gear speeding and running the traffic light of red at the busy intersection. He chuckles, accelerating uphill before slapping the stick into neutral coasting downhill to the next intersection like a Bama redneck.
Lex exhales frowning with frustration. She views his nose profile. “I will arrest you for riskless driving, Is. Turn the car around and go...”
He chuckles. “This is why I drive my car.”
“I’m boss,” she frowns with fury. 
“On paper…,” Islander chuckles and slams the brakes after running the second traffic light of red. He jerks the wheel right parking in a slanted slot at the local drive-in fast food joint viewing her. “What’da ya want, Lex?”
She reads her mobile telephone. “No thank you, I’m not hungry.”
He presses the button on the box saying. “Two dogs with everything including extra onions, some large fries, and a giant chocolate milk shake with an order of three oatmeal cookies. Want something, Lex?” he views her.
Lex says. “A bottle of water.”
He frowns with annoyance. “One bottled water, that’s it,” exhales. He views the box ordering. “A three dog with only mustard and ketchup, a bottle of water, and a fourth oatmeal cookie. That’s it! Thanks, doll!”
Lex fingers her mobile telephone viewing his nose profile. “Remember after the series of deadly tornadoes come and went in April of 2011 some of the victims could not be identified due to damaged body parts beyond recognition.”
He pulls his wallet fiddling with the bills for payment of the lunch. “Yeah. Lex, I ordered ya almost naked hot dog, a bottle of water and a cookie. And I expect you to consume all the items being my good friend. And I hope you’re not one of your crazy loco diets again. You need protein for bones, carbs for energy….”
She frowns with annoyance. “I’m not on a diet. I’m not hungry at the moment. I’ll keep all the food items for later this afternoon. Thanks for being my good friend, Is,” smiles.
He chuckles. “She doesn’t drink beer, only wine. I don’t like wine, only beer. Ya know there’s a great Country-song that goes something like this. I like girls that drink yellow beer not that red piss that tastes like dog shit in that pretty liquid form,” chuckles then exhales. He views her nose profile. “I liked meeting Rachel but we don’t got no chemistry as they say. I like the good ole country girls like you,” winks at her.
Lex studies her phone. “I’m not your type, Is. I’ll contact some more of my felony girlfriends,” winks at him. “How’s that, slick?”
The waitress smiles shoving the tray into his open window. “$26.14, sir.”
Islander winks at her sliding two twenty dollars bills for the lunch tab and a top for her nice big tits. “Thanks, cutie! Do ya got a cell phone, honey?”

1:23 pm. FDA Laboratory. Third Avenue. downtown.
Their lunch finished without spilling mustard inside the good-smelling interior of his new car. Is dropped by his office collecting Lester who had passed the medical inspection and been washed and bathed of the dead dog’s blood.
The three slowly drive around the downtown city streets. Lex orders. “Drive us south.”
“What’s south of our building? Do ya know, Lester?” Lester lounges in the rear bench seating closing his eyelids for a fast nap readying for the next dog fight. “The civic center has a car show of old muscle automobiles. Ah! Thanks Lex for paying the expensive entrance tickets into the car show. We be finished with our work day…”
“You’re getting a little warmer so drive a little more southeast.”
He drives frowning with puzzlement. “What’s a southeast of our building?” He smiles. “The expressway, it leads east to Georgia or west to Mississippi. Are we going for a run of money lottery tickets at the Georgia line? I read the lottery jackpot’s up to $40 million dollars. I could really use $40 million…”
She giggles. “You’re getting hotter so drive a little more south.”
“What’s a little more south then southeast then south of our building? I give up,” when the tall and wide building appears in the middle of a secured and armed gates. He frowns with disgust. “The FBI Medical Biological Laboratory. Why we here again?”
“Shut it, Is.”
He presents his FDA badge when the guard nods. The gate rises. He drives into an empty parking slot near the front door for welcomed visitors. He chuckles admiring the brown brick like the rest of the brown brick government owned buildings in Birmingham Alabama. “O! It’s the horror movie hour. I like watching scary movies with popcorn and a beer and a warm girly body.”
She cracks the door grinning. “Sorry! No beer but plenty of horror…,” slides out the car.

Isolation laboratory.
Lex holds the door for Islander and Lester since they’re partners with equal respect and professionalism. Islander struts inside with Lester wiggling his tail. They turn right when Lex stops behind the closed door observing a room filled with dead bodies then gags. “Good grief...”
Islander leans into the window seeing the FBI forensic expert approaching and wearing the yellow PPE gear. He views her nose profile chuckling and seeing Lex turn neon puke green on her cheekbones. “Lex, ya sick?”
The auditorium is banquet space without happy a party holding four tables covered in human body parts. You can smell the odor worse than cow turds between the cracks of the closed double doors.
Wilbur opens one of the doors as Lex grabs her mouth and nose gags then coughs then wheezes. She pivots from the doors hauling her ass down the hallway when Islander laughs. Wilbur squats patting the dog. “Hey, Is and Lester! What’s up her ass?” he studies Lex galloping down the hallway.
Islander shuffles into the room laughing. “Green shit from her esophagus, not her butthole,” extending a hand, smiles. “Good mourning, Wilbur.”
Wilbur chuckles. “Good mourning to you, Is. Welcome to my private creep show! Ha! Ha! And please remember to cover your body with the baby chick yellow disposable PPE equipment before I lose my great paying job,” chuckles with Islander.
Islander and Lester move towards the side table parked along the wall with the disposable PPE equipment which is required attending an examination of a dead victim inside the FBI Isolation Laboratory. Islander wraps and ties with a set of sissy bows on the yellow paper shoe booties around Lester’s four paws since he doesn’t want Lester catching any bugs, because his dog pads are sensitive to germs and cuts with bacteria.
The room temperature hovers at 50 degrees Fahrenheit stopping of the growth of any bacteria on both live folks and dead people preventing any contamination but second and third preparedness doesn’t hurt. Islander tears and places half-a-gown around Lester’s neck as it barely touches the cold tile floor. Then Islander snaps a small elastic cap Lester’s skull and pointy ears. Lester growls when Islander and Wilbur chuckle.
Islander stands then dresses the PPE gear over his jacket sliding the paper cap over for his baseball cap and placing gloves over his hands.
Wilbur walks to the first table. “Allow me the honor of a personal tour. Please note this banquet room now one of the newest mortuary storage measures 225 feet in length by 201 feet wide and holds four 150 feet long table. Let’s start on table A then we move to B, C, and D.”
The four tables are standard conference furniture without any chairs made of 1-1/4 inches of fake wood under metal T-shaped legs. The top is 48 inches wide, 29 inches high, and 96 inches long holding cut up human body parts inside a transparent individual sealed container with a black rubber lid appearing like packaged pink meat for sale by the food market.
His mobile telephone sings a country song when Islander swishes the screen without checking the telephone number. He crams it into his eardrum smiling. “Lex.”
Pause.
“Shore thing.” Islander holds the mobile phone in the air saying. “Lex can’t join us since she’s puking her guts out all over her well-endowed tits as its splashes into the nicely clean bathroom sink. But she wants to listen in onto the hot gossip too. Go Wilbur.”
Wilbur fingers the first container of human body parts. “This, my old friends, is a gigantic jigsaw puzzle with thousands of ugly fugly parts and puzzling cuts, not for fun by all the FBI geeks to figure out including me. I believe that we have acquired some animals, people, and fine art pieces…,” nods.
Lex holds the phone to his ear listening to Lex then winks at Wilbur. “That’s not a nice comment to say about Dr. Wilbur, Lex,” laughs with Wilbur. He views the containers then Wilbur. He exhales frowning with disgust. “Ya know for me finding a dead body is always a very traumatic experience but I tell you right here inside this room that I am beyond traumatized here. What in the universe have you inherited, Wilbur?”
Wilbur fingers the first container: a pink-tinted foot attacked to the ankle attached to the shin ending at the kneecap. Lester leaps and sits his front paws on the edge table sniffing the container and table surface. He says. “After the tornado strike of 2011 and during the heavy rains numerous body parts were pulled from numerous wreckage points through the devastated townships in Alabama. I mean everywhere the body parts came out of damaged buildings, destroyed houses, pond lakes, mud puddles, flattened woodlands, and other places throughout the affected geographical areas. Bodies had been laid out in pasture fields, school gyms, fire fighter stations pretty much everywhere for both identification and recovery.” Islander nods as Wilbur continues. “After all was said and done which was not a very good ending to many lives and property numerous body parts, not bodies ended up here with us in the FBI Forensic Laboratory since we’re great,” smiles. “We are great at identifying any missing piece of a found body part, sometimes. What we got here is a collection of particular body parts. Please remember that word particular. The particular body parts have never found with the whole body and the body part has never been identified to the person. The particular body parts have been stored here for continuously investigation which has been on-going for over two years. After death little things within the human shell are still alive for example skin cell can be harvested up to 24 hours after death to determine the probable cause of death identifying how long dead and what type of weapon. This first container holds obviously a complete human foot attached to the ankle all the up with the missing knee. These body parts came into our laboratory like frozen pieces of meat I remembered that very well. When a single body part or its whole body piece are lifted out of the ground science kicks in turning the muscles into a limp of meaty ground chuck within any type of climate conditions from humid to rain to hot sun. Except these body parts I made the decision to store them inside containers and individual containers because each limb did not match any other limb…”
Islander gasps. “Each limb does not match any other limbs inside any other container. Is that correct? So how many bodies are represented here?”
“The body parts are nothing more than individual meat balls, without the spaghetti sauce. There’s a head here, a foot over there. Unfortunately these are scattered body parts nothing but dead, not alive.”
Islander frowns at Wilbur. “I’m not trying to do your job. What did the stinky contents of stomach tattle to the lab boys and girls?”
Wilbur shakes his cap. “No stomach. I have lived around these tables for 2,000 out of 3,000 worked productive hours. I did not, cannot, and could not find a stomach anywhere inside this jigsaw puzzle mess,” nods.
“Whoa!” Islander listens to the phone then translates. “Lex asks. What did you with the larvae feeding and growing on the body parts older than three months which had preserved the entomological data at the time of discovery?”
Wilbur shakes his cap. “No bug sightings! More mysteriously if the grave was shallow underneath the dirt then the bugs would have done me a bigger favor and munch on everything but the hard calcium bones. There was not any clothing items attached to the body parts either since all synthetic fiber clothes would last a very long time. If the numerous body parts had formed into a whole dead person the skeleton would be fully dressed.”
Islander exhales patting on the dog and studying the containers. “Weird.”
Wilbur nods. “Now! My lecture, please listen closely because I do test. In the human decay process it starts when the cells of the dead body are destroyed through their own digestive enzymes. The enzymes are released into nutrients by live cells not the dead cells which can duplicate into nothing but the color of blue. This whole process is called autolysis. During autolysis liquid is created that fills between the layers of skin and makes the skin peel off which become food for the buggies. It is during this stage that the tiny black flies start to lay eggs inside the opening edges of the decomposing dead body. The openings are represented by the eyeballs, nose holes, the mouth, the eardrums, any cracked bloody wounds, and other orifices. The eggs hatch into larvae then the maggots of blowflies burrow under the skin and then eat the body, literally.”
“Okay! By that time there would be no stomach and no digestive enzymes.” Islander nods.
Wilbur nods since you can see his grin. “Excellent conclusion, Is. The second stage of decomposition is bloating when the bacteria from the guts begin to break down the tissues of the body which turn into gas that accumulates inside the intestines.”
Islander shakes his cap. “There are no intestines either.”
“The small and large intestines are both non-present or not found or missing or absent because of the decomposition thing happening in the second week of the composed body. The final stage of the human decay process is putrefaction which is the longest stage where the digestive organ, the brain, and the lungs disintegrate.”
Islander exhales shaking his cap. “Wait a minute. I know under any normal conditions of putrefaction the organs including stomach are unidentifiable after three weeks and the muscles can be eaten by bacteria or devoured by animals. Thus, all left of the delicate human remain is the skeleton.”
“A complete picture of putrefaction. So the missing body parts of the whole body had missed the first week of the enzyme rush then ditched the bloating process and then failed the putrefaction…”
Islander exhales. “Giving us absolutely nothing to investigate…”
“Ah! The body parts still possess some skin tissue. This is a very good solid lead probably unexplained and mysteriously, too boot…,” chuckles Wilbur hugging the container.
Islander shakes his cap. “Don’t talk like a little girl, too boot,” chuckles.
Wilbur holds the sealed container near Islander’s mask. “What do you see?”
Islander studies the human part. “I do not see any signs of hypothermia, gangrene or frost bite.”
“Excellent, Is,” Wilbur places the container on the table fingering it. “The first sign of frost bite is distinguished by a yellowish-white color around the limb that remains elastic both ply and free. The second degree of frost bite occurs when the thawing process takes place showing a set of red painful sensitive blisters over the limbs. In the three degree of frost bite ice will appear on the limb and then swell proportionately. As the thawing continues the swelling discolors the tissue thus destroying it. The outer skin will become smelly black and fall right off the bone, an indication of gangrene. You can see clearly that the outer skin is candy colored pink like a puppy’s belly and soft. Are you interesting in touching the body part?” Islander shakes his cap. Wilbur says. “My own working medical theory is taken…okay…is stole from a home grown tale about the backwoods medicine of the Alaska Eskimos. The Eskimos cover any open wound with both earth and clay mixed with lots of live worms who will suck out the pus from the gangrene limb thus leaving it into a clean pink flesh wound,” nods and chuckles.
Islander shakes his cap. “And your other working medical theory, Dr. Wilbur?”
He nods. “Have you ever skinned a deer?”
Islander nods. “Plenty of times.”
“How about skinning a deer left out in sub-zero temps?”
“Naw.”
“I bet I can field dress a deer in forty-eight minutes. I place the deer on top of a tractor lift, chop off the head, cut open the belly then stand back when the guts fall out onto the red clay, frozen as hard as a rock.”
“Maybe!?”
“The point, when you skin a deer the animal is warm. You field dress the guts and put the deer’s hide into a garbage bag and freeze it. Correct?” Islander nods as Wilbur continues. “The field dressed deer will keep inside a mechanic working freezer for several years. If you are going to remove the hair making a coat of buckskin then you cover the flesh side of the hide with salt, roll it up, put into a garbage bag and it’ll last a year before dressing.”
“Yeah.”
“The butchering process of a frozen deer is easy with a saw blade about twelve inches since the knife does not score the hide. Two, the meat is not gushy remaining stable while slicing. Three, the meat never warms up so you can package the sub-degreed meat and slap right into the freeze.”
Islander shakes his cap studying the container then Wilbur. “Holy shit, Wilbur! Are you thinking that a person froze the body and then sliced out the organs like field dressing a frozen deer? Man! That’s one wild ass theory.”
Wilbur says sliding over the severed elbow. He fingers the container. “A joint is the area where two bones meet providing a swing motion to the human body. A type of joint inside the human body includes a ball and socket of the elbow or hip. When I examine the sliced elbow joint I see lots of pink skin. This is healthy pink skin. When I examine the human thorax or rib cage it has been ripped literally into two parts. A rib fracture is a break in one or more of the bones making up the rib cage between one and twelve bones. The first rib is rarely fractured because of its protected position behind the collarbone. Fractures of the second ribs are due to head and facial injuries. The middle ribs are commonly fractured from direct blows of crushing injuries. The most common fractured ribs are between the seventh and tenth. Some broken ribs occur from indirect trauma of sports includes rowing and golfing or a consequences of sickness including coughing and diseases such like cancer and infections.”
Islander winks and nods. “Got it.”
Wilbur shakes his cap. “You have only heard my medical lecture. I have more to show you.”
Islander shakes his cap. “You have more to show me. Is that rhetorical question?”
Wilbur walks to the second table whipping off the dark blanket. There are three small males naked with segmented body parts sawed and separated from the whole body. The head is severed along with the shoulder joint, the elbow joint, the wrist joint, and each finger bone. The rib cage is broken into two parts with separated ribs. The waist is separated from the torso. Each hip is separated from the leg. The leg is sliced at the kneecap, ankles and toe bones. Wilbur has exhibited each whole body by placing the numerous severed body parts in the proper order like a jigsaw puzzle completing the picture of a thinly separated boy. Islander gags back stepping from the gruesome scene. He turns his mask towards the wall walking towards the table. Wilbur says. “This is the reason for my telephone call into the FDA office, Is. The three bodies are not heavily decomposed but are separated into numerous body parts. I have acted like Dr. Frankenstein re-creating each boy and his severed body parts. Yet, I know but this is very important for you to see and hear…”
Islander exhales wiping his forehead from heated sweat. “Did I mention that seeing a dead body is traumatic but this…this…”
Wilbur says. “Each young boy is between eight and ten years of age. I would to express that I have lots of information to share about these three bodies. First, they were found by a pack of stray starving dogs behind an apartment building in a low income part of Birmingham. One of the neighbors in the apartment complex heard the dogs fighting over the meat of the child. They called the police that in turn shot each rabid dog uncovering the three naked body parts of children. They are not brothers either. Based on my medical examination they are not blood relatives…”
Islander exhales shaking his cap. “A serial murderer of children, this person’s sick. I’m catching this freak and beating the shit out of his face before I turn him over to police.
Wilbur nods. “I agree with your new mission. Second, each child did not die on the present condition of the physical body. Each body has been cut up by a laser beam.
Lasers can kill a human with the right degree of energy firepower. I want you to closely examine the rib cage. Can you see a yellowish looking seam appearing like a sewing stitch?” Islander nods when he says. “There are twenty-four ribs in the body. The first seven sets of the ribs are known as true ribs directly attached to the sternum through the cartilage. A person has literally ripped the fourth and fifth ribs from the chest cavity exposing the thoracic diaphragm which usually protects the lungs.”
“The bodies don’t have a set of lungs either.”
Wilbur nods. “The three boys are missing the major organs like the numerous body parts located inside the containers. Each boy died of chronic lung disease such as asthma.”
Islander shakes his cap. “How can your diagnose asthma? Even I have enough medical knowledge that ya need a whole lung or a piece of a lung to run a spirometry testing of the lung pulmonary function.”
Wilbur says. “The lungs along with the major organs of heart, kidney, spleen, intestines and others are missing. Yes. After my meta-analysis of the remaining intact body parts I examined the throat and sinus passages. The throat appears red, raw, and severely irritated with signs of an acute case of bronchospasm from a persistence cough.  To add to the mystery these three boys didn’t die of natural causes or the laser slashes,” exhales. “I mean you do not die of asthma per say. You die of complications associated with asthma symptoms like shortness of breath which can be treated in an emergency setting of any hospital…”
Islander shakes his cap. “Don’t understand ya, Wilbur. If these boys didn’t die of the laser slashes, asthma coughs or old age then what disease or aliment?”
Wilbur shakes his cap. “I will add more to the medical mystery,” leans into the body fingering the part. “When I examine both the eye sockets since the corneas are missing I see a yellowish seam surrounding the bone. This is really weird, Is. I can’t explain or even theorize. There is a circle of yellowish-white color around the eye socket. I thought it was from the careful slicing out the cornea from the laser beam. Then I realized that this was the first sign of frost bite a yellowish-white color too. When a body part like an eye or a hand makes contact with the cyro-freezing nitro gas it forms frostbite on the limb,” nods. Islander gasps. Wilbur says. “I got curious then opened up the chest of each boy. I found the same ring of yellow but three times. Both the cornea and lung tissues possess three set of different yellow rings.”
“Three rings!?”
Wilbur leans into the eye socket pointing with the scalpel. “There is a little tiny faint yellow circle representing freezing the corneas the first time. There is a little tiny second faint yellow ring slicing with a laser, not damaging the cornea for the second time. And there is a small bright third yellow circle where the cornea was re-froze then removed.”
“What in tarnation for, Wilbur? Why remove the cornea by freezing and slicing then add the same cornea back into the eye socket then re-freeze and slice out?”
Wilbur exhales. “You are making an assumption that it is the same cornea of the same boy replanted into the same eye socket...”
Islander shakes his cap. “And you are not making any sense, Wilbur.”
He says. “Research scientists are studying animals for any type of future cryo-freezing process of numerous human organs for life saving human transplants so far in the medical science field the only body parts being frozen are sperm cells and eye corneas. These children are relatively healthy other than a minor bout of coughing spasm from asthma which is treatable by modern medicine standards. However a person has dunked these body limbs into a pot of liquid nitrogen for about forty seconds freezing the outer skin solid for any type of surgery.”
“Surgery?”
“Cryosurgery uses cryogenic techniques in wart removal and corneal transplants.”
“These boys were inside a cryosurgery clinic. Where’s one located in Birmingham Alabama? There isn’t one here in the entire state of Alabama. Are those boys from Alabama?”
Wilbur nods. “I don’t know the answer to your many questions, Is. However there are research companies here within the other US States that froze human tissue for research like the pituitary glands, placenta from moms, prostate spinal cord, spleen, and eye skin and then ship the samples over the world for human organ transplantation with an expensive price tag. This crude procedure performed on the three boys is really no different just barbaric on small children by a madman, Is.”
Islander nods. “This is excellent work, Wilbur.”
He says. “In past medical history anatomy schools began to steal bodies from graveyards for medical dissection as far back as the year 1818 in the US. By the year 1828 anatomists were paying greedy folks to dig up their own kin and other people’s kin for money. The history books reported that about 312 bodies were sold for gold. The poor countries folks were the most vulnerable lacking any decent coffins and easy prey for the first generation body snatchers. The most famous cadaver sale was at Burke and Hare Boardinghouse for bodies, sorry I meant boys. The owners together murdered sixteen boys by asphyxiation but the thieves didn’t get away with their vile profits. They were arrested, found guilty, hanged, and publicly dissected.”
Islander exhales studying the young boys. “You should pen demon tales, Wilbur. Why’s your story important here? The vile person is a murderer using a very unique killing procedure of cryo-surgery and laser slicing.”
Wilbur exhales shaking his cap. “Naw! I have come to a different conclusion this is a clear case of body snatching for profiting with a sideline of murder and torture.”
Islander shakes his cap. “Body snatching for what, Wilbur?”
“Organs. I do not tease here but insist this is some type of body part snatching. The thief is harvesting healthy organs including the stomach, liver, corneas, kidneys, and both small and large intestines.”
Islander nods listening to Lex on his mobile telephone. “Your demon tale has become FDA jurisdiction and Lex agrees with me. Anymore more clues for us to use in our investigation, Wilbur.”
Wilbur nods viewing the boys. “Do you see the other clue, Is?”
Islander studies the bodies then nods. “I sorry. I missed it with the first round of nausea. All three boys are extremely obese.”
Wilbur nods. “Yes. Very good observation, Is! Overweight is an excessive amount of fat accumulation which in small child does present a huge risk to their present health. The standard measure of body mass index or BMI for an overweight person is 25. The obesity BMI is 30 or more. These three boys are 31 more or less falling deeply into the obesity category. When a child or an adult carries extra poundage of fat the heart, lungs, and other organs must do extra workouts to keep their body breathing and functioning. An obese body leads to cardiovascular disease mainly heart disease and stroke, type-2 diabetes, musculoskeletal disorders and some cancers like breast and colon. I would like to emphasize an obsess condition causes both premature death and substantial disability. I do not have any medical evidence but I believe these particular children were selected or kidnapped for their weight. During a regular autopsy the coroner would concluded that the child was extremely obese which would have caused a heart attack resulting in a death. I do not believe that to be the case. These children were selected for their bad medical conditions then were experimented upon by some type of madman for some vile reason. The reason is body part snatching.” He exhales viewing the bodies. “I would start questioning all and any laser clinics around the Birmingham metro city limits. To slice body parts with a laser you need special equipment and a special room without alerting the law authorities and crazy UFO sightseeing fans,” smiles and raises the object. “A toy with the words Burn Hospital is etched onto the metal which is the nickname for Birmingham Hospital. Each body possessed a single toy. Hospitals like to advertise for both profit and prestige since the US Federal Government passed legislature in the 1980s. My daddy told me that remembered when a hospital saved a person’s life for honor, not money. And I really hate viewing all local individual attorney television programs during my evening’s entertainment. People are so ignorant. They do not realize how much an attorney lies on and off the courtroom stage. Back to the boys this toy is a leading start. I do not have any more answers to my numerous questions. But I can say for shore that the three boys were murdered and then mutilated. The FBI is following up with the blood relatives. My understanding, the puzzle parts are scattered all over the place with the FDA, the FBI, the NSA and the local police department over his usually highly really creepy situation. Good luck! Please run back and tattle to me any and all findings.” 
Islander nods. “I know someone that’s very knowledgeable about lasers at Burn Hospital,” extends his gloved hand ending the data gathering meeting.

Birmingham Hospital. Radiation Therapy Department. Reception lobby. 2:13 pm
Lester is on the hunt as he zigzags through the concrete jungle of chrome table legs and fabric covered chairs. His long snout sniffs the air then pauses dead center of the little girl with a pretty colored silk scarf around her skull.
“O gawd!” Tatianna wipes the tears holding her sob.
“Tit, what’s wrong?” Islander steps closer wrapping an arm around Tit’s waist. They stand under the archway between the lobby reception and the hallway leading into the laser treatment rooms. He frowns with puzzlement at Tit then studies the child. The child had scooted onto the floor stoking Lester’s coat. He lays inside her lap in a protection mode. Islander studies the room filled with patients for their turn with their radiation treatment then studies Tatianna.
Tatianna sobs and slaps Islander’s chest frowning with annoyance. “I’ve repeatedly asked you to stop insulting me with that nasty nickname, Is.”
He smiles at her pretty face. “Ya call me Is. I oblige the reversal with Tit for Tatianna.”
Tatianna frowns at him. “I use the first two letters of your name Islander for ‘is’ then you should use the first three letters of my name Tatianna forming the word ‘tat.’ You should call me Tat, not the other nasty name.”
He chuckles studying Tit’s pretty face. “What’s wrong with the little girl attacking Lester?”
Tatianna studies the child, exhaling. “She’s visiting her oncologist today for a checkup of her cancer remission. Based on Lester’s reaction her cancer has returned. She doesn’t have a chance in hell for further good recovery. We had done everything for the little girl. A dog possesses 220 million smell-sensitive cells the size of a pocket handkerchief compared to the human smell which is the equivalent of a postage stamp. Lester can sense an odor concentration nearly 100 million times lower than an old human can which is analyzed 40 times greater inside his doggie brains than that of a human.”
Islander studies the girl and Lester. She smiles patting on his coat. He whistles in a high bird sounding tone, when Lester stands. The whistle signals Lester to move around the room scouting for any trouble. Lester shuffles to a mother holding her toddler. The mother smiles at Lester allowing the dog to sniff the child.
Tatianna says. “Dogs can sense both diabetes and severe hypoglycemia in humans, too. That toddler child in his mother’s hands has cancer, too. Lester can smell the unique odor of bladder cancer cells in her diapers from the urine.” Lester moves to the next child as she says. “Lester has pinpointed the lung cancer in Tara.” Lester shuffles to the boy then licks a pink tongue onto his leg making the child giggles and wiggles inside his Mama’s arms. She says. “Childhood osteosarcoma. When a bone tumor or a soft tissue tumor is cancer they are called sarcomas. The bone cancer affects closest to the knee or the proximal tibia, the lower leg bone near the knee. Lester dog licks it in a way that makes the child feel better, somehow and somewhere. I guess a miracle you could say. Medical and science experts aren’t quite sure exactly how dogs do this it might be that they are detecting subtle changes in the body chemistry that humans cannot.” Lester runs in a complete circle softly barking the middle-aged woman then proceeds to nip at her finger tips. Tatianna gasps. “Amazing. She has breast cancer. Lester can sense the odor by smelling her. You should call him back before the troops get restless.”
“Aqui Lester.” Islander says as Lester views his master for the verbal command: come. Lester views the woman barking good-bye then whirls in a half-circle bouncing to Islander. Islander squats scratching his big pointy ears. “Bueno pretty boy!” The Spanish word bueno means good.
Tatianna smiles and squats patting on Lester. “He understands Spanish.”
Islander chuckles and shakes his skull. “Naw. Lester understands the pretty musical sounds and pronunciation of the Spanish language in his doggie commands. When I speak the word he understands what or what not to do.”
Tatianna whispers. “You didn’t come to entertain the patients with Lester. You’re here only business. What you need from me?”
Islander smiles helping her to stand. “Yeah! You read me like a worn pair of jeans. I’m interested in learning about lasers, everything.”
She smiles leading down the hallway. “Let’s go into my office.

Tatianna’s office.
A square room with no windows is painted in dull beige. She sits behind her desk filled with stacks of paper, a computer monitor and keyboard. She shuffles some papers over then plants her arms on the empty spot. She wears a set of yellow surgical scrubs with black bears over her clothing and a pink cloth cap hiding her hair. She has blue eyes, pale skin and covered black hair.
Islander leans into the hard chair smiling at her. “I find it kinda weird you’re a pharmacist inside the radiation department of the hospital and not hanging out a window at pharmacy office.”
She giggles. “Not at all, I’m responsible for ordering the oncology drugs as well as setting, storing, and stocking all the oncology substances. So what’s your interest in the Burn Hospital Radiation Department besides flirting with me?”
He winks and smiles. “The FDA’s interested in laser operations related to nitrogen gas storage.
She smiles. “Liquid nitrogen!?”
“Do you keep tanks of liquid nitrogen here for the patients?”
She nods. “Yes. And I am the only one that handles the liquid nitrogen atmosphere…”
The male stands in her archway holding his briefcase in one hand, wearing a white laboratory coat over his business suit. He tosses his free hand saying with fury. “Tatianna, who is the employee that owns a bright red sport cars with black alloy wheels his is occupying my private parking spot in front of my clinic?”
Islander stands extending his hand. “I do, sir! I’m Islander from the FDA.”
The male narrows his eyelids at Islander. “Why are you here in my parking space at my clinic inside the Burn Hospital? And why is a canine inside your office, Tatianna?”
Islander smiles. “My canine is doggie certified with all the area hospitals and specifically here at Birmingham Hospital to entertain at the children for fun on the different wards like oncology...”
He sneers. “The canine is not certified inside my radiation clinic.” 
Islander shows his FDA badge, nodding. “Lester is an employee of the FDA too and the FDA is interested in learning about laser equipment and operations...”
The male says. “The FDA should contact your employer the US Federal Government for all available information…”
“Sir, I’m working on a standard FDA investigation here in Birmingham Alabama. The local FDA office has a good relationship with Birmingham Hospital. I always…”
“…entered into one of the hospital departments, without administration and legal authorization,” the male enters sitting in the second hard copy of front of her office desk. He views her, not smiling. “Tatianna, please rush my next oncology patient into a treatment room while I address Mr. Islander’s few questions, briefly and swiftly,” she stands and exits her business office. The male views Islander. “Mr. Islander, the term laser stands for Light Amplification by the Stimulated Emission of Radiation. A laser is a very powerful precise beam of light used instead of sharp blades or bloody scalpels as modern scientists perform very careful surgical work relating especially to cancer and tumors.”
Islander writes inside his tiny notebook the answer. He nods. “No blades but light. Got it!”
“A laser beam treats a patient’s cancer cells on top of the skin surface and inside the lining of the affected organs. A physician treats any internal cancerous condition of the patient using a scope that can be inserted into a natural opening of the body or with a small incision because the laser light reduces bleeding. The laser light is easily inserted without open surgery on the body which is always performed on an outpatient basis offering faster and safer procedure for the cancer patient.”
Islander views the hallway seeing Tatianna. “Do you employ any other laser treatments for other procedures?”
The male frowns. “I do not understand your question, sir.”
Islander chuckles. “Modern science has instituted the concept of the laser cosmetic treatment for improving a human body from ugliest to prettiness. Does Birmingham Hospital operate a laser center...”
He nods, sneering. “I do understand your question. A noninvasive procedure effectively treats acne and surgical scars as well as tattoo removal, stretch mark removal and pigmentation treatment. You have come to visit the wrong medical institution for such ugly patients. Birmingham Hospital is a medical facility for very sick and dying patients, not a beauty school for teenagers and drunken college students, Mr. Islander.”
Islander smiles. “The FDA has approved the technological advanced method of radiofrequency energy and oscillating mechanical waves upon the body removing fat volume from obese patients not like liposuction. Liposuction requires a small incision with a laser like cutting with a knife…” 
The male exhales. “You are referencing the method of skin tightening using a laser beam. Fat cells are stored as lobules that are clustered like a bunch of wine grapes. These clusters are wrapped in a fibrous tissue layer like a fishing net holding them together. The fibrous tissue layer makes it hard to reach the fatty tissues using liposuction. The vibrations of any oscillating mechanical wave rattles the fat lobules out their cage…so t speak and then blasts the fat fibers with the radiofrequency heat to shrink the size of the fat cells which is performed in four treatment sessions over two weeks in a painless and fast clinical environment usually in a private physician office setting producing a lean body and tighter skin tone. There are many different types of light that affects the skin including laser, radiofrequency and ultrasound technology which in turn displays marked improvements in cellulite, skin tightness, tissue volume, tone and elasticity while reducing wrinkles and rejuvenates the face from anti-aging. Birmingham Hospital and my radiation clinic do not perform any of these vainly selfish beauty treatments. Thank you for listening to my lecture. Good day to your, Mr. Islander and the FDA,” stands and extends his hand.
Islander shakes it then leaves the radiation department of Birmingham Hospital.

Islander’s house.
Islander slams the garage door shut calling for the attention as well as the location. “Daddy! I’m home.”
“Kitchen.”
Islander pulls off his cowboy boots then neatly hangs his jacket onto the clothing tree inside the foyer for work tomorrow. He slides his socks over the shiny smooth wooden planks leading down the hallway passing the living room, the dining room turning into the kitchen.
His daddy prepares two food dishes placing onto the round breakfast table. He fingers at each food item. “Miss Peggy Leigh’s mashed potatoes. Miss Tammy Jo’s farm fresh green beans.  Miss Mary Sue’s fried chicken. Miss Betty Ann’s corn on the cob. Miss Bobbie Lou’s pecan pie…”  
Is smiles sliding into the chair. “No biscuits?”
His daddy reaches for the bread on top of the refrigerator then tosses it between the glass tumblers with elegance saying. “White bread, eat your fill, son,” spoons the mashed potatoes onto the fried chicken leg then folds the slice of bread around the meat. He eats, chews three times and then swallows in a lump. “How was work? Stop any drug lords?”
Is nods, chewing. “Two along with a nasty dead doberman.” Lester makes his round around the perimeter of the ranch house belonging to Islander’s daddy for both security and protection of his family. After his nose and eyeball inspection he enters the house through the kitchen doggie door for his meal compliments of Islander’s daddy expecting his son and his pal home around 6:00 pm.
“Damn! Lester killed the thing.”
Islander chews. “The damn thing decided to piss Lester off. That’s what in-bred kissing cousins get, permanently.” Daddy laughs then eats. Is says. “Ya going to the church picnic on Sunday? Miss Mary Sue flagged me down at the pasture gate before driving up to the house. She’s nice, not as pretty as Mama. Ya know she’s nice and asks about you a lot.”
“Guess so.”
“Daddy, it’s your life but it’s been two years since Mama’s passing into heaven. You should move along with your life. What’s the problem? What’s wrong with Miss Mary Sue?”
“There isn’t anything wrong with Miss Mary Sue or Miss Tammy Jo or any of the Miss Elderly Women. I agree they’re nice and pleasant a little too pushy sometimes, not like your Mama. I’m in no rush, son. I’m young of age and might of 55 years with lots of muscle left in this old body. I was planning on asking you that same question. What’s your probe, son? Nice bachelor alone on a Tuesday night, without female companionship. How’s the girl from last Friday night?”
“Okay. She doesn’t drink beer.”
He chuckles. “One of your many country boy tests,” chewing.
Islander chews, nodding. “I got a new murder case. Three obese male bodies of children, there were found after those killer tornadoes in the year 2011. They might’ve been maybe killed inside a cryo-laboratory then the bodies might have been dumped as the storm approached covering up the cadavers.”
He shakes his skull, chewing. “Overweight and obesity are both abnormal accumulation of fat cells that presents a risk health to the human and a serious impact your investigation. Obesity leads to serious health consequences like the probable cause of premature death. You might find it difficult to prove murder, son.”
Is nods, chewing. “I got two clues, missing organs and a set of liquid nitrogen frozen the body parts covered in distinct three faint yellow rings.” 
He nods. “Frostbite from the nitro. The deadly storms of tornadoes tore through roofs, bricks, plumbing, and plaster. Any type of building construction sitting pretty in that tornado would have popped and then soaked the ground with all types of flammable and leaking liquids. One type of liquid remnant in a construction site is liquid nitrogen. Ya know the dripping lead from the pipe could’ve gone down under the earth’s surface. When the nitrogen exists in the soil it vaporizes removing heat from the soil and then freezing it as a solid. Your dead and warm bodies could’ve been dumped on top of the leaked liquid nitrogen and then the bodies could’ve absorbed some of the water-soaked ground moisture that contained the frozen liquid nitrogen. Then frozen liquid nitrogen would have morphed it a zombie cryo-state into a gas adhering to the warm body like glue.”
Is nods. “Could have? I’ll check with Wilbur on that theory.”
He says. “Cryogenics is a branch of physics concerned with very low temperatures on organisms or materials. The prefix ‘cryo’ comes from the Greek word kryos meaning ‘cold.’ In 1623 Francis Bacon experimented on the putrefaction of fowl flesh. He stuffed a bird with snow observing the effects of non-decaying flesh catching a head cold which turned into acute bronchitis. That experimentation contributed to his death in 1626. Most animals are able to lower their body temperatures during hibernation, not people. No human can tolerate freezing temperatures within their delicate body tissues. When a human is exposed to freezing temperatures ice forms inside their blood vessels then bursts the blood cells them open beyond the point where they can’t function and survive. Frostbite is the common malady caused by cold temperatures. The skin and blood cells both are damaged from the dehydration due to freezing temperatures. Ya know scientists have found some types of frogs and turtles can survive being frozen. When a frog senses ice forming on the body its liver produces extra glucose which is more blood sugar which then floods their cells to protect the body from freezing and from damage.”
Is chuckles then chews. “The bodies didn’t come with any frozen frogs or turtles...”
He chuckles then chews. “Boys will be boys. If these boys lived near the woodlands then get lost during the tornados then the bodies would’ve suffered frostbite way out there during the wintertime here. That would explain the first ring of yellow. Then if a crazy person found these bodies they would’ve ripped out the organs for the black market. Disasters always bring outsiders into the destroyed towns looking to stole stuff. Why not some damaged body parts of some lost families killed during the tornados then lost during the wintertime. These tornados were F5s, deadly. I bet there’re some folks who still haven’t been found in 2011. Honestly, some of the redneck families around here are so large that folks just didn’t know where any one goes or lives…”
Is chews, nodding. “You and Wilbur agree.”
“So far, scientists only freeze and use human organs for transplants like sperm cells and corneas.”
Is chews and nods. “Wilbur told me and I saw that all the eyeballs were missing from the murder victims.”
“Nitro makes up 78.03% of air and is used as a gaseous nitrogen chemical blanketing any type of blood vessels for a medical application. From a medical precaution, nitrogen gas acts as a simple asphyxiant when inhaled. If an eye or a hand contacts the gas, it causes frostbite. When working with cryogenic liquids, you must wear a full face shield and other personal protection equipment for your body protection. Hmm! Sounds like a madman had some fun…”
Is nods. “Sounds like body snatching. Wilbur thinks the organs are being traded on the black market, too.
He laughs. “Sounds like science fiction, “views the farm land. “But this old earth is filled with nothing but mean folks, now days,” chews and nods.
Is nods. “Maybe you can come down to the FBI Laboratory and exchange some ideas with Wilbur. He’s really stuck on the solution to nowhere...”
He nods. “Damn! If ya’ll don’t have a tough mystery there, son,” smiles. “I can do that,” chews.

Wednesday
FBI Laboratory. 7:03 am
He yawns. “Betta be good, Wilbur! I missed breakfast racing the sports car to get here.” Islander does not wear the PPE equipment walking into the non-sterile environment containing germs. Lex is rolling out of her warm bed after calling her. Lester follows beside Islander.
Wilbur fingers at the table. “They…came…”
“They?” Islander stops and frowns at the table.
Wilbur stands beside Islander, saying. “They came in late last night, an entire family of four complete with their children.”
“Children?” Islander frowns at the bodies. The bloated bodies sit on top of the table in a particular order of a large male, a large female, a small boy and a smaller girl.
Lester launches on hind legs, pawing the air like a stallion then slams his paws to the tile. The dog whips into a circle then stops shoving on Islander’s legs.
Wilbur fingers at Lester as Islander shoves Wilbur out the door into the hallway. Lester follows behind. Wilbur asks. “What’s wrong with Lester?”
“He smells something, not good.” Islander closes the door, staring into the window.
“They’re dead, Is. Death always smells like shit,” Wilbur studies Lester.
Islander shakes his skull. “Not a death stench, Lester’s reacting to an unseen odor not sniffed by you and me. Some type of smell not death but alive…”
“Contamination germs which might expose us and explain their deaths.”
“You’re swift, Wilbur. Tell me! What else have ya got on the dead bodies?”
Wilbur walks across the hallway accessing another desktop computer. Islander sits beside him with Lester sniffs the closed door. “Let’s see! These bodies are different from my creepy FBI collection of many body parts. The family was intact at the joint bones, only missing their eyeballs, liver, and kidney instead of every organ which wasn’t either stolen or eaten by maggots. Each family member fits the pattern of obesity. You can see that there BMI is easily over 29.”
Islander nods. “Your body part snatching theory just got proven correctly, Wilbur. Where did the bodies come from?”
“Fultondale.”
“Fultondale, that city was a part of the tornado route, too.”
Wilbur nods reading the computer. “Plenty of the destroyed buildings stood until last week from lack of funding or ownership abandonment, during the structure demolition they were found. I must state in the same condition as my jigsaw puzzle containers inside my isolation laboratory. On the electronic picture a yellowish ring around the stomach. This…this is definitely a laser slice right in the exact spot of the missing liver and kidneys. I’d say that the thief get rushed in their job taking the more expensive organs. On the black market, a single healthy liver pays $100,000. A single kidney and an eyeball is paid $80,000, each. Two in pack is $160,000 making one body’s worth about $250,000 more or less in US dollars then when you multiple by four…”
“One million dollars to a family who are not alive to spend the money.”
“Good at math, Is! The family’s named Murfree from Pleasant City whose house was totally destroyed in the tornado. To me, this means that someone killed them in one location and dragged their dead asses a long ways to here in Fultondale where the same tornado torn through the small town. The police authorities questioned the neighbors and came to the conclusion that the family was missing from their community but moved away like so many other folks.”
“What did the pulled medical and dental records?” Islander watches Lester paws the door. “Lester’s really upset about something in their bodies sticking inside his nose holes. How about we use a Geiger counter and see if we can trace any nuclear activity?”
Wilbur frowns. “Think they get nuked by…by what, Islander?”
“Your awesome theory, man. You’ve proposed body part snatchers used lasers and have been proven right. Lasers leave traces and trace elements. Let’s see if the bodies are radiated from the many laser slices.” He nods.
Wilbur fingers a side door with red paint. “Follow me!”
“Sento Lester.” Islander walks behind Wilbur when Lester sits on the tiles watching his master.
Wilbur says. “We hold an array of radiation gear in here…”

Isolation laboratory.
Wilbur leads Islander walking around the table wearing a radiation suit with the Geiger counter scanning the large male focusing on the yellowish faint ring covering the liver positioned on the stomach. “I am not seeing anything radiated. Moving to the visual slice of the left kidney then the right kidney I am not seeing anything radiated here, either. I am moving to scan the large female, the small male, and the small female. I am not finding any radiation readings. Let’s view the results of the laboratory tests which I ordered last night. The techs should be done by now,” walks to the desktop computer pressing the button. They sit in the chairs. Wilbur says. “I ordered culture swabs of throat, nasal, anal. Hmm!”
Is nods. “No shit!”
“I see that also. There is not any rectal discharge at the time of death. There is always some smelly shit inside the anus after a body expires unless the body is frozen.”
Is chuckles and nods. “You’re batting hundred with the deer freezing.”
“I do not see any usage of oncology drugs inside their systems, either. I tested for that just in case the incisions were related to any type of laser treatments. This is a big fat mystery, Is. This body has been tested and resulted in a negative outcome for any type of controlled substitutes including cocaine and sleeping medications. Without viewing the other bodies I would place a bet with the same lab results. I’m flipping to the next report since we both have duplicate reports with the same information you can continue to scan the first body. I want to peruse the other lab tests see if we can pinpoint any connection to the jigsaw puzzle of containers.”
“Okay.” Islander reads the computer screen then fingers the object. “Wait! Why’s that written remark highlighted in red colors?”
Wilbur clicks on the item. “Any interesting item is always highlighted in red. What is this?”
Islander chuckles. “A picture of a toy…”
Wilbur gasps. “A picture of a toy with the words Burn Hospital etched onto the metal which is the nickname for Birmingham Hospital. The male body possessed a single toy. Hospitals like to advertise for both profit and prestige since the US Federal Government passed legislature in the 1980s. My daddy told me that remembered when a hospital saved a person’s life for honor, not money. And I really hate viewing all local individual attorney television programs during my evening’s entertainment. People are so ignorant. They do not realize how much an attorney lies on and off the courtroom stage…”
Islander stands and fingers the computer. “Back to the boy this toy is a major lead in solving all the murdered mutilated bodies.
Wilbur stands walking Islander to the door. “Good luck! Please come back and tattle to me any and all findings.”
Islander whistles for Lester. “I will. Thanks, Wilbur.

Birmingham Hospital. Reception lobby. 7:50 am.
Islander and Lester glide through the door. Lester sniffs the floor rubbing his nose back and forth across the tile. Lester charges around the office desk and chair of the receptionist, first finding no odor similar to the smell inside the FBI Lab. Lester bolts into the reception lobby devoid of patients and their family members. He sniffs three chairs then the coffee table barely moving the entertainment magazines on top for the patients whirling around the floor.
Lester paths down the hallway then stops at the first office door sniffing, being fully satisfied with no odor presence then he resumes his search. 
He scoots down to the second office door, stops and sniffs then plants his nose onto the floor covering the office floor. He smells the tiles then swings around galloping out the office door. Lester races behind the dog. Lester stops outside a closed door, not barking but posing. 
Lester turns the door knob when Lester slams the door open with excitement using his skull.
Islander stands in the archway viewing a room full of employees.
Lester sniffs separating the two people with his skull then barks at the woman.
Islander holds his weapon at the people, yelling. “FDA business. Please do not move from your standing or sitting positions.”
Lex stands behind his shoulder holding the paper. “Please stay calm. We are FDA agents conducting a murder investigation. Please follow our orders. Who is in charge?”
The male holds his arms, saying. “I am Dr. Paschell Vickers. I am in charge of the Radiation Therapy Department at Birmingham Hospital. What is happening here? What is the meaning of your invasion into private property?”
Islander hostlers his weapon, fingering the hallway. “I would like for everyone to go back into your office until you are excluded from this murder investigation, except for Dr. Tatianna Orwell and Dr. Paschell Vickers. Do you have a conference room where we all can speak, privately?”
Vickers exhales then nods. “Tatianna, please lead the way for the unwelcomed visitors.”

Conference room.
Tatianna slides on the opposite side of the table across from Islander and Lex. Islander doesn’t smile. “I am very sorry for the intrusion. The FBI has uncovered several dead bodies. Missing body parts have been frozen by liquid nitrogen then sliced by a laser beam…”
Vickers gasps. “A laser beam,” gasps. “Your visit to here at Birmingham Hospital, yesterday? Do you believe that I have done this?”
Islander says. “And the latest victim is a young boy, he was holding a toy with the words Burn Hospital which is a shorten nickname for Birmingham Hospital. We have spoken to the Hospital Administration. They give permission for our invasion. The little boy, his sister, his mama, and his daddy are missing their eyeballs, kidneys, and liver…”
Vickers gasps. “Those are very valuable pieces of healthy organs if they have reached any type of thief within the illegal black market…”
Islander nods. “We believe that is where the organs have been transported. The reason we are here each body has been mutilated by a laser beam leaving three faints rings...”
Tatianna frowns. “Frostbite. A yellow faint ring would indicate a degree of frostbite,” gasps. “You suspect that each body visited here then was murdered here inside the clinic and then dropped somewhere else…”
Islander exhales and nods. “Do you currently clinical treat a family named Murfree from Pleasant City?”
Vickers views her. “Tatianna, could you please pull the medical records on any and all family name of Murfree?” She stands moving out the room as Lex follows her. He nods. “I am familiar with the last name. However I do not know if it is the same family.”
“How is liquid nitrogen used here in the Radiation Therapy Department at Birmingham Hospital?”
Vickers exhales. “Liquid nitrogen is a cryogenic liquid when properly insulated it can be transported inside flasks, without harm. Like dry ice it is refrigerated. It is primarily used in cryo-preservation of blood, reproductive cells like sperm and eggs and other biological samples…”
“…like stem cells. Within the emerging field of regenerative medicine stem cells are being extracted from the failing organs. The transplantation of organs includes the heart, kidneys, liver, lungs, pancreas, intestine. The human tissues include bones, cornea, skin, heart valves, and veins. Kidneys are the most commonly transplanted organ then the liver then the heart. Here in the good old USA the FDA sets strict regulations on the safety of the transplants. 70,000 kidneys are transplanted every year coming from the black market with a price tag of $80,000 US dollars for a single kidney or an eyeball. And about ten sickly Americans die each day waiting for an organ…”
Vickers smiles. “I do not know why you need my medical advice, sir. You have collected and gathered all the available information you need about…”
Tatianna enters the room sliding into her chair. She does not smile saying. “I found our medical record file on a family named Murfree from Pleasant Hill. The mother had breast cancer. She is our patient. And liquid nitrogen is a colorless, odorless, extremely cold liquid and gas under pressure. It is used to freeze the blood for surgery, not a murder weapon, Islander.”
Islander nods and smiles at Tatianna. “Liquid nitrogen is also used in cryo-surgery to destroy diseased tissue. Except if the tissue is not diseased but viable then….”
She says. “Nitrogen is also used to freeze livestock semen which can then be stored for years, maybe your mischievous sliced by laser boys got into someone’s barn causing some horsey trouble. I would like to remind that the quick freeze process from the intense cold minimizes cell wall damage…”
“…requiring eye, skin, respiratory lung, and hand coverings for used for protection while handling liquid nitrogen.”
She says. “Plus some chemical-resistant impervious gloves and a self-contained breathing apparatus to avoid inhaling the liquid nitrogen. This is not an expensive set up here at Birmingham Hospital for any type of made-shift ugly laboratory.”
Islander grins. “Lester has sniffed a usual sniff here inside the Radiation Therapy Department of the Birmingham Hospital specifically coming from…” views Vickers. He cringes then Islander smiles at Tatianna. “Her…”
She frowns and shakes her curls. “I do not know why that would be.”
Lex enters the room dressed in a radiation suit holding a Geiger counter at Tatianna. “Unless she is the murderer of the many mutilated bodies. Please stand!” Tatianna stands as Lex frowns at the instrument. “There is not any higher than normal levels of low radiation from her, her office, this conference room or outside in the corridor hallway. I would suspect the odor is on her person or maybe in her clothes. We need to examine her clothes.”
Tatianna frowns. “I respect your authority as the FDA and the radiation procedures with Dr. Vickers. Therefore I will cooperate with all your obtuse orders. If I may suggest, we visit with the FBI laboratory. The sophisticated equipment can analysis all the odors on my person and my clothing without the gun, too.”
Lex nods. “An excellent idea! Dr. Orwell and I will travel inside the decontamination van. Islander and Lester will drive his car to the FBI Laboratory Center.”

10:01 am. FBI isolation laboratory.
Tatianna leads Lex and Islander from the outside hot weather into the building lobby when Lester runs and sits in front of the male. He waggles his tail at Islander’s daddy. Lex stops and hugs him, smiles and giggles. “Hey there, Islander’s daddy!”
His daddy smiles. “Hey there, Lex and Tatianna!”
Tatianna winks at Islander then gives his daddy a hug, too. “Your daddy says my full name…”
“Hey, daddy!” Islander shakes his hand, smiling. “Why ya here?”
His daddy nods. “You invited me here so I called up Wilbur. He says come on down and look at the frozen bodies.”
Wilbur stands before the closed door, nods and grins. “Welcome to my laboratory,” chuckles. “And welcome to my laboratory of germs. Please disguise your faces before taking the little germs home to your individual families,” watches the people dress in the PPE gear. He says. “I have been talking with Tatianna, Lex, and Islander during their long ride from Birmingham Hospital. Tatianna has presented the concept of a diseased infection. Any type of disease is considered nothing more than an imbalance of enzymes. Therefore any type of enzyme imbalance may be inherited which might explain the reasoning of robbing the organs of obesity victims here in Birmingham. Or in our case the enzyme imbalance may have been created by the robbers of the obesity victims,” raises his palm, nodding. “Yes. This is a crazy idea off the planet and out of this universe. I am out of ideas. The FBI is out of ideas. And the FDA is out of ideas. We will entertain this concept until trashed like the other silly concepts. Let’s enter the lab! I have set up a big wall-covered screen from the input lab figures on the computer with an enzyme demonstration,” chuckles and leads into the lab.
Islander’s daddy frowns at the tables of bodies and the containers of body parts. “I can take death and cold and body parts but this space makes me wanna barf up my lunch, Wilbur. It smells worse than a nursing home.”
Islander nods and smiles. “I remember. Is grandma here too, Daddy?”
Wilbur stands and fingers the wall of light. “I have arranged a special lecture area. Please select a metal chair anywhere. Freezer number sixteen is full with blood and gene slides from every single victim and body part since I do not have enough space to store the useless body parts.”
Islander’s daddy chuckles and nods. “Buy him another freeze, son.”
Wilbur clears his throat. “I will begin my enzyme demo with a simple example. And please interrupt me, make assumptions, and add your input. We are solving an unsolved problem. In dogs like Lester there is a specific digestive enzyme preventing loose stools, diarrhea, and digestion of food. Like dogs, humans have specific nutrient enzymes generated inside the body. For a specific enzyme to be formed two key ingredients are present. One is organic minerals and the other is raw protein…”
His daddy chuckles. “Eat beef.”
Islander chuckles. “Get milk!”
Lex exhales. “Milk has vitamins, not proteins. Vitamin D is specific in cow’s milk.”
Tatianna says. “Milk also has an enzyme called lactose which is not really relevant here to the demonstration unless each victim had consumed from type of contaminated animal milk product from an ill goat.”
Wilbur says. “Enzyme is the miracle nutrient. Every time you eat your big everything burger at Dee Dee’s your body pulls out all the enzymes then uses replaces and replenishes and reserves the working and wasting enzymes inside your body. It is call the miracle health builders. “
Islander nods and smiles. “I thought amino acids were the building blocks.”
Tatianna says. “And the enzymes are the buildings.”
Lex says. “Each enzyme performs a separate function like preventing you from having diarrhea after consuming sweet milk.”
Islander winks at Tatianna. “I like sweet milk.”
Lex says. “The enzyme lactose is a sugar. Some folks just blow after consuming the natural enzyme made by cows.”
Islander winks at Tatianna. “I like to be blown.”
Wilbur nods. “And you possess millions upon millions of every kind of enzyme inside your body. So there are a million different enzymes for us to research physicians. However I have done my extra credit homework concentrating on three specific enzymes within the dead bodies,” pauses and nods. “I did experiment with the enzyme model about two years ago when the body parts were discovered and presented to me for bio-analysis. So far, I have found. There are four plant-based enzymes mostly common found in all natural food supplements. The four are protease, lipase, amylase, and cellulose. I have tested and eliminated these enzymes from the subjects two years ago. There are RNA-enzymes based on biological catalysts of ribozymes. Yes. The laboratory results were negative without any variance in the standard numbers from a standard human, me. I used me as the test dummy of my enzyme experiment. Therefore I have removed the RNA-enzymes from our boiling pot of nothing,” chuckles and claps. “Now, since I have a room full of gifted pharmacists to assist me today, tomorrow, the next tomorrow and some other tomorrows. We will test and experiment on the amino acid strand. I am concentrating specifically on the branched-chain keto acid of 2-ketoisovalerate, 2-keto-3-methylvalerate, and 2-ketoisocaproate…”
Islander shakes his skull. “Thank goodness! I thought Wilbur was going to rattle off all the amino acid names including valine, isoleucine, leucine…” laughs with the others.
“Shush, too.” Lex slaps Islander’s arm with her glove.
Wilbur says. “After I had sliced the skin cells from each frozen and bloated bodies I found like two years ago two of the three keto acids were unable to degrade after mutagenesis using pure oxygen.  The final result, the 2-ketoisovalerate element on the amino acid chain was totally destroyed.”
Islander nods and chuckles. “Two bad! Get it, two. T.w.o. Two bad!” He smiles, alone.
Wilbur says. “There was also a concomitant loss of ability to grow or duplicate or clone on the 2-keto-3-methylvalerate and 2-ketoisocaproate of the three branched-chain amino acids using pure oxygen.”
Islander chuckles and nods. “Two, good.”
“Shush, Is!” Lex slaps his arm.
“However I discovered another type of mutation showed a marked reduction activity and grew exponentially when a new intermediate was utilized a carbon source.
Islander chuckles, smiling. “We are carbon.”
We are oxygen.” Lex exhales, not smiling.
“Plants are carbon, not humans.”
“A carbon source with specific enzymatic composition.”
“A healthy amino acid can be delaminated into common enzymes. The common enzymes can be degraded into pathways. And, the pathways are regulated throughout the biological body, except when oxidation occurs. Oxidation of an enzyme offers a discrete pathway.”
In my research investigation, I have found the existence of a common pathway obtained by the isolation and characterization of mutant on chromosome 18.”
Lex frowns. “Why specifically on chromosome 18?”
Tatianna raises her arm. “Wait a minute! Did you say you found a mutation on chromosome 18?” She stands scanning the room then moves towards the computer. “Does that computer access the Internet?”
“Yes.” Wilbur follows her.
Tatianna slides into the chair typing on the computer. “This is very bizarre. I coordinate all the research within the Radiation Therapy Department with the other physician researchers,” fingers the computer screen. “This is the US Federal Government site for the National Science Foundation of research grants. There are many types of research projects. This one on the screen is entitled ‘The Chloride and Sodium Transport in Chromosome Cells.’ The major goal of the project is to define the biochemistry of chloride and sodium transport cells and clone the gene involved in transport. The one below that is a second research experimental project entitled ‘The Chromosome Membrane Composition and Function…,” when the others gather around Tatianna.
Lex says. “This is over my gray matter.”
Islander nods. “Mine, too. Why are accessing the Internet chasing down cancer cell projects?”
Tatianna fingers the computer screen. “This is another new research projected entitled ‘The Chromosome Gene Therapy for Cell Carcinoma.’ The major goal is to use viral strategies to express the normal gene in a human chromosome cell lines and to study the effect on growth and invasiveness of the lines,” fingers the screen. “Here’s another research experiment known as ‘The Mutations in Chromosome 18 in the Progression of Cancer Cell Carcinoma.’ The major goal of this sub-project is to define the mutations inside chromosome 18 and their contribution towards tumor progression and metastasis. Another research project which is paid to the physicians and teaching medical institution by the US Federal Government for four million dollars is entitled ‘Chromosome Mutations in Cancer.’ The goal of the project is to define the spectrum of chromosome mutations in humans based on cancer samples and correlate the results with clinical outcomes of death. The outcomes of death, please remember that phrase,” types on the computer. The screen changes when she fingers the computer. “This is an ancient research grant from the US Federal Government which is called ‘The Gene Cloning of the Human Chromosome.’ The program will map, target, and clone all 46 human chromosome for cloning the genes relevant to the red and white blood cells which is the essence of life,” snaps her fingers, viewing the floor. She nods, stands and scans the faces. “There was a physician in the year 2011 that was awarded this particular research grant except part of his personal agenda was to process the clinical outcomes of death. His subjects were dead people, not live participates. He asked permission from Dr. Vickers if he could remove the chromosomes patterns from his dead subjects using a laser beam process after working hours inside the Radiation Therapy Department. Dr. Vickers told him to jump off a limestone cliff in much more eloquence words,” views the bodies. “The participating researches of this particular research project received the nickname God Code for Gene Order Domination for Cloning the Outcomes of the DEad.”
Lex drops her mouth staring at the dead bodies. “Researchers are supposed to helping folks by saving lives not killing children…”
Wilbur nods. “I do believe we have found that the God Code is both alive and active in Birmingham Alabama.”
Islander views Tatianna. “Tit, what was the physician name from 2011?”
Tatianna frowns at him then views the ceiling. She views him. “Brown…Bronze…Bronzie…,” shakes her curls. “It was a long time ago. Dr. Vickers talked with him then dismissed him. I only heard the gossip from Dr. Vickers. I couldn’t discuss his face, either. I know what you next question will be.”
Lex orders raising her mobile telephone. “Okay! We have the research project name use your cells to find a physician named Brown or Bronze related to this study…,” nods at the others.
They access their mobile telephone looking for the information.
Lester licks Islander’s hand. Islander leans down into Lester, winking. “Good buddy, Lester. Come on! I’ll take ya for a tee-tee time,” walks to the closed door wearing his PPE gear.
Lex views her mobile telephone. “Don’t hurry back, Is. So I can find the answer and get the company bonus for my brilliant discovery,” giggles.
Islander trots to the closed door. “Hardy har-har, Lex! We’ll be right back.”

Lobby.
Islander walks towards the front doors when the delivery person stops scanning the lobby. Islander asks. “Need some help, buddy!”
The delivery person nods and reads the package. “Looking for a Tatianna Orwell,” views Islander.
He nods then chuckles. “Ti…it…uh…she’s here,” spins around. He stops at the door then views the delivery person. “That’s a contaminated room with big ugly invisible germs but ya can go inside.” The delivery person holds the small package viewing the inside through the window. He shakes his cap. Islander chuckles. “Do I need to sign my name for the package?”
The delivery person reads the slip. “Naw! Just a plain old delivery. You can take it into Tatianna Orwell. Do you know her?”
Islander grabs the package, winking. “Yes. I do. I got it, man! Thanks!”
The delivery person views the window, nodding. “Thank you!”
Islander smiles and views the package. He reads her name printed in blocked style hand writing on the brown plain paper. He slams his elbows through the door marching to her.
Tatianna studies the computer screen at the desk, not him. Islander clears his throat. “Package delivery!” he winks at her.
She frowns at the small package then stands. “Package delivery!?”
Islander hands off the package spinning towards the closed door. Lester is a good dog but will use the wall corner if his bladder is about to blow through the guts. Islander walks backwards towards the closed door viewing the paper package.
Tatianna sits the package on the desk ripping open the paper. She gasps then lifts the object to her face when the others gather around her. Wilbur frowns. “What’s that?”
She giggles. “I don’t know. I mean I do know. I mean. This is my tiara from the Miss Starlit pageant when I was in college. The pageant is a scholarship program. I entered lots of beauty pageant for the scholarship monies. I used all the monies to pay for college. But I do not know why it has been delivered here to the FBI laboratory.”
Islander chuckles at the jeweled tiara and the beautiful Tatianna then slams his back muscles into the door.

Lobby.
He and Lester dash out the building. Lester sniffs around the grass then trees outside the woodland patch near the parking lot on the far end of the building then urines.
Islander accesses his mobile telephone searching for the physician of the God Code.
Lester finishes his doggie business then gallops towards the front steps.
Islander exhales walking slowly towards the front steps. He types on his mobile telephone.
Lester reaches the front door then back steps. He whines then spins around towards Islander.
Islander studies his mobile telephone marching towards the first bricked step when Lester attacks him. Lester tosses his body at Islander’s chest. Islander falls onto the ground, grunting.
The building explodes in fiery plummets of ash and heat.
Islander blinks his eyelids open then shut seeing bright stars then dark cloudiness while feeling heat from the explosion and deafness from the blast. He wiggles side to side feeling a heavy weight over his body. He touches the wet fur then rubs more wet fur. He blinks his eyelids into focus, seeing.
Lester lies across Islander’s chest and face protecting his master from the deadly explosion of heat, glass, and fireballs. Lester is bleeding with massive cuts over the spine and sides of the body.
Islander pants then holds his breath extending both his shaky hands. He touches Lester’s face, not feeling his doggie breath. He touches Lester’s nose, not feeling the coolness of moisture. He touches Lester’s beating heat, not feeling the pulse of life.
Lester is dead.
Islander passes into darkness.

Friday.
August 1st. 8:06am. Birmingham Hospital. Radiation Therapy Department. conference room. room temperature 68ºF. sunny day. 81ºF outdoor temperature.
“Who done it?” He slams the business folders on top of the rectangular table holding three females inside three conference room chairs. The ugly chairs and sour faces stare back at IRS Agent Rector Fucner. Fucner, preferring his last name over the first, is an average man-frame of five feet and ten inches parking both fists on his fit waist line from his morning thigh leg runs and late afternoon arm bicep workouts on a set of free-weights located inside his apartment at 41 East Valley Road in Bessemer, Alabama. His topaz eyeballs study the female on his left. She smiles and shakes her dirty blonde curls, without any vocal guilty confession. Fucner smiles. “Let us not be bashful now,” views the middle female with bright carrot red hair much younger than the first female. The middle female smirks and shakes her curls, without any words of a guilty confession. Next he jerks to face the last female.
She sits and stares at Fucner. She doesn’t like his ancient Roman-style hair. It’s cut evenly around the sides and on top of his egg-shaped skull making his ugly nose dominate an uglier pale-ghost face. She wonders how long this sucky interruption will last eating into her productive work day before going home. She had arrived at the usual hour of employment five minutes before the start of an 8-hour day when Dr. Munsterberg summoned her and two other co-workers into a morning-time impromptu department meeting inside the second conference room from her private office and professional work.
“Why am I here, sir?” The first female frowns at Fucner folding her sleeves over a fitted laboratory jacket.
He smiles at each female at the table. “I’m getting to that part in a moment,” looks behind his collar bone to his work supervisor Eula Gray. She occupies the first puke green fabric colored chair leaning against the tan-colored wall. The wall is drawn with a fifteen-foot tall red and yellow triceratops living on Planet Earth during the Cretaceous period of dinosaurs. The triceratops is smiling with pink lips over a new hatchling nest of seven eggs. Three eggs have hatched open as the little babies slowly crawl out of a ground nest of brown twigs and green plant ferns over the sandy brown soil to her. The enclosed room has no windows which is a sitting room for children waiting to be treated with laser beams inside the Birmingham Hospital Radiation Oncology Department. The three females assist the sick patient either directly or indirectly being paid employees of Birmingham Hospital, specifically for this department. Eula slightly nods to Fucner for the next stage of the Interrogation Process. He swings then smiles to the middle female. “I’m so glad to see that each one of you enjoys modeling the ‘scrubbed’ look because it’s the height of fashion where one of you, maybe all of you ladies will go. I promise crossing a black heart and ten pinky toes inside my boat shoes. The traditional v-neckline on a short sleeved fabric top hanging over a pair of an elasticized waist with two pockets that’s all tag-less. A funny word tag-less, didn’t ya think? Ya know the rage for having no itchy scratchy synthetic tag behind your neck skin. The fabric is fifty percent rayon and fifty percent polyester for durability of years, decades, maybe for an entire century, since you ladies are very young.”
“Who are you, sir?” The first female frowns at him.
He smiles and nods. “I am Rector Fucner from the IRS. You know the IRS. The Internal Revenue Service is owned by the US Federal Government ensuring all American folks pay their hard-working American monies to Uncle Sam. Uncle Sam pays all our outstanding money debts to the foreign countries all over the world since we owe about $24 trillion dollars or more. The IRS also monitors all the monies coming and going from a 501(c)(3) Charity Financial Institution. The numbers and letters represent an IRS Internal Revenue Code allowing a hospital or a foundation to maintain money income, financial assets, and business liabilities while obeying all the Federal and State accounting laws for receiving free donations from friendly donors. That’s free money, not taxed by the Federal US Government but used to purchase hospital equipment for sick and dying children like here at Birmingham Hospital,” fingers their scrubs. “Your enjoyable medical scrubs are both durable and easily washed since Burnside Prison only issues two sets of cotton scrubs to their female inmates. They play in one and sleep in the other in the childish fun color scheme of neon orange. The neon orange is easy to see when you try to escape up and over the barbed wired fence post,” chuckles along with the other occupants inside the room another IRS co-worker Judd Levenberry and the director of the Birmingham Hospital Radiation Oncology Department Neal Munsterberg, MD.
“Get to the point, Fucner! Stop wasting my time.” The elder man says in a sissy timber wearing three slim patches of silverfish-gray clumps of thinning hair over his wide forehead. He carries a permanent snarl.
Fucner sniggers at the elder man’s impatience staring at the middle female who is not amused. She frowns at him. He thumbs behind his collar bone. “That’s Mr. Moody. His estimated worth is about four billion dollars…and…a lot of pennies. Why are you here? No. You didn’t win the lottery, ladies. Mr. Vaughan Moody is the chairman of the Vaughan Moody Foundation. Mr. Moody is one to three billionaires living in our great State of Alabama who has acquired all his money from the building construction industry. If you owned a house then you probably lived in a home built by Moody Construction. From his wonderful generous heart with his profitable monies he runs the Vaughan Moody Foundation serving the low fortune folks throughout Bama. The Vaughn Moody Foundation is headquartered right here in B’ham. The main office is located inside a four-story building in Southside community. Every year, the Vaughn Moody Foundation and Mr. Moody accept hundreds…”
“…thousands…,” Moody smiles and stares at the three females.
“….thousands of applications for free donations of his profitable money.” Fucner says. “This year, as in past years, the Birmingham Hospital received a very large lump sum payment of money from the Vaughn Moody Foundation. This year, being no exception, the Radiation Oncology Department headed by your own Dr. Neal Munsterberg received a lump sum payment of five million dollars for the purchasing of a new set of radiation equipment,” takes items from his IRS co-worker. Judd: olive skin; blonde hair, short. He wears a solid white-colored T-shirt with a set of red block letters IRS crossing the middle of his muscular chest. Fucner waves the items. “For convenience of the other two innocent girls’ eardrums lounging with the guilt-guilty girl at this conference table on July 28th on Monday, today is Friday, August-first. On Monday, the Vaughn Moody Foundation sent a nice friendly tan-colored business letter with their serious green logo,” raises letter. “This here letter notified the hospital of a lump sum cash award of five million dollars. The letter came with two additional items arriving on Thursday, July 31st. Please note the items are all wrapped in a light weight plastic, because this is the set of hard core physical evidence linked to this serious criminal crime. But I digress. The two items are a plain single letter of instructions to update the CD into the computer and the CD with the software application. Now, I understand that the software has been maintained on Dr. Munsterberg’s computer for many years. This time yesterday, July 30th is no exception either. Right, Dr. Munsterberg?” Fucner views Munsterberg when he nods.
“Today on August-first, the Vaughn Moody Foundation is missing all its money from its single bank account at the Alabama Bank located down the city street from the Hospital totaling five hundred million dollars,” when the females gasp. Fucner nods. “Your eardrums heard me right, five, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero million dollars…and no point zero, zero cents,” twists to his ugly hook-nose inherited from Grandfather Fucner. “We are not only the money IRS Agents, but we are also are skilled IT architectural programmers which probably don’t mean much to you. But we have been able to back track, so far the criminal’s action being in possession of the CD, the letter of instruction, and the computer used which belongs to Dr. Munsterberg. At this junction, let me introduce the investigational party,” spins and fingers the first person. “My supervisor Eula Gray, Mr. Moody, my co-worker Judd Levenberry, and the Birmingham Police Detective on assignment to this case is Morgan Scoggins.” He views the three females. “We have combed through the computer’s dust balls and wiry circuit along with these three items in my naked hands finding you three ladies with a set of individual human finger prints. In order to be employed and paid at this Hospital working with young innocent children each one of your agreed and volunteered to be finger printed and background checked as a criminal or a drug user, Sorry, a little-hearted mean-spirited joke meant to lighten the somber mood.”
“Arrest the criminal, Fucner! Stop this nonsense!” Moody sneers.
Fucner stares at the middle female. “We have found two sets of finger prints lounging upon the business letter and the CD making us very tomcat and kitty-cat curious. It makes sense that you…you are dubbed as ‘Miss Receptionist.’ We will not endanger the innocent parties until the guilty one is found. Miss Receptionist with the red hair, your personal set of ten finger prints were on the letter, the instructions, the outer clear plastic cover of the CD and the CD itself. You opened the package from the Vaughn Moody Foundation, since we found the empty cardboard envelop inside your office trash can. You touched the letter, the set of instruction, and the outer shell of the CD, since the police laboratory forensics can magnify and analyze your sweat glands from your ten finger tips. Why would your finger prints be directly upon a metal CD housed inside a plastic sleeve protecting the CD from invisible germs, non-flowing tears, and your sweaty pads?”
The middle female nicknamed Miss Receptionist smirks. “The letter stated to verify each item before installing the software onto the computer. Or you would fortify the free monies if you messed up the CD upload. When Bbb…,” Fucner shakes his fingers at her. She says. “When Miss Receptionist received the package she and I both touched the letter, the papers, and then opened the CD’s plastic sleeve. That’s why her prints are on the metal CD, sh…Sherlock,” smiles and nods.
Fucner nods. “And you are on Dr. Munsterberg’s machine making me twice as curious as my tomcat named Tommy. You’re a social worker. Right Miss Social Worker, not a physician? Because your finger prints appear in the numbered most places the two pieces of paper, the plastic sleeve, the CD, and the computer. Why’s that, Miss Social Worker?”
Miss Social Worker says. “First, I do not like being called in third person I am an American citizen living here in Alabama with many US Constitutional Rights. I want my lawyer.”
“It’s an easy question, Miss Social Worker.” Fucner smiles.
Munsterberg views Miss Social Worker. “She holds a Master’s degree in Sociology, Mr. Fucner. But she also has volunteered as part of her daily job registering any equipment item that we have purchased with the generously donated monetary funds from the Vaughan Moody Foundation. She records all the equipment purchases on an electronic accounting software package, that Mr. Moody requires for his status to remain as a 501(c)(3) Charity Foundation which is located exclusively on my desktop computer. No one else operates the inner guts of that software but her. That is why her finger prints are stained along with mine on the keyboard and CD tray. I must compliment the work of our own Birmingham finest for discovering that particular undercover investigational work.” He nods to the police man.
Fucner taps on the paper folders containing data from the three employees provided by the Birmingham Hospital Human Resources Department, saying. “One of many answers but lots more questions. We have clarified that Miss Receptionist…”
Miss Receptionist frowns at Moody. “I want a lawyer too, since I’m an American.”
Fucner says. “No problem, Miss Receptionist. We have solved the mysterious for two out of three sets of finger prints. The third set of finger prints seem to belong to you, ’Miss Physicist.’ You operate the physics equipment...uh…,” stares at the third female.
Munsterberg smirks at Fucner. “She is a junior medical physicist who maintains optimal, safe, and effective patient care regarding diagnosis and radiation treatment protocols, and determines relative dosimetry characteristics for various types of equipment, oversees the treatment planning system, and isodose verification, provides the linear accelerator beam analysis, the periodic calibration sand maintenance, assists in the evaluation of diagnostic and treatment modalities to maximize the patient’s benefit. She also follows all the Hospital’s health care privacy procedures, the radiation equipment safety rules, and an employee’s work regulations. The medical position does not contain any supervisory responsibilities, but a minimum qualification is the possesses of a Master’s degree in physics, medical physics or nuclear engineering as well as a Certification by the American College of Medical Physics. The position needs a minimum of two years clinical experience in a major radiation center.”
Fucner says. “You’re exposed to a free set of radiation fumes. Ain’t them particles airborne toxic to me…,” chuckles with the others inside the enclosed walls with no windows.
Munsterberg smiles. “Radiation exposure is monitored by our film badge for any toxic exposure. She doesn’t work with the other talented physicists being employed for only six months. She computes and verifies the tumor dose for each child inside a small desk around the corner of this conference room far out of the way of radiation fall-out, Mr. Fucner.”
Fucner fingers Miss Physicist. “Why’s her finger prints upon your computer, Dr. Munsterberg?”
“She was given the assignment loading the CD onto my office desktop computer. So she must touch the keyboard to do that, Mr. Fucner.” Munsterberg smiles at her.
Fucner says. “Well then, you three are the lucky ones being the only representative of the general population in this hospital office touching the dang CD. Since we don’t have an outright confession of verbal guilty then we should apply simple psychology. Ya know the study of human nature. I propose here at Birmingham Hospital that you are only a set of weird outliers. Did you know? Probably not, I’ll enlighten. You three are the westernized educated folks from an industrialized rich democracy which is a weird outlier generated from the general population of folks here in the old USA. Some national psychologists have generalized that folks like to group their natural sleek talents or exposed social traits from a very slender sub-section of the American population, you three. You see Americans seem through the eyelids. You three can’t see with the eyelids closed but seem through scientific eyelids of recorded studies of degreed psychologists. They ain’t got no other jobs but employment grant monies from the US Federal Government, so they conclude that you, you, and you like to hold your own set of little secrets. That makes my job really hard if you don’t wanna cooperation for the wrong doing, so I am here to find the wrong doer. Since I have found the wrong doing. I put all of you into some sort of reasonable time context solving this missing money matter. I work sometimes with the US Federal Government Agency known as the FDA. They monitor all the distributed pharmaceuticals throughout hospitals in the USA to sick folks. In a drug trial, for example, the FDA dictates that a study be conducted using a randomized sampling. It’s a sample that reflects only a selective and specific American population needing a drug or in this instance touching a CD…”
Moody frowns at him. “Mr. Fucner, stop your hogwash! And arrest the wrong doer, now.” 
He nods. “We have successfully traced from Dr. Munsterberg’s desk computer where the download of the five million dollars has been transferred rightly at the midnight hour of August first, American time into a single overseas Bank Account to Zurich, Switzerland. Today is Friday, August first in America making the calendar date August 2nd, Saturday in the foreign country of Switzerland. Yesterday, a very special event had started rightly at the midnight hour, the national Birthday Party for Switzerland celebrated since August first of the year 1219. The nation became an Independent State like the USA did in the year 1776. The Swiss men and women are right now this mid-day hour celebrating and partying on the Swiss National Day. Each year city streets and county roads are filled with colorful paper lantern parades, blazing fiery bonfires, and drooping ropes of the plain old Swiss flags along with the nightly fireworks and that dangerous. The fun crossbow competition day and night activities are celebrated at the local and national level by all citizens, which is one of their biggest tourism draws for the calendar year.”
“The point, Mr. Fucner!” Moody frowns.
Fucner smiles. “Ya know Switzerland is said to be one of the wealthiest countries in the world in both financial and non-financial assets being one of the most powerful economies in the world, even better than us. So the Swiss government exerts a great deal control over their banks, the television stations, and outsiders like we Americans,” raises the letter then reads. “I will quote by the General Secretariat of Switzerland, we are closed or fuck off, Americans,” chuckles with some of the others.
“Fucner…,” frowns his boss Eula Gay.
Fucner grins. “O! I forget a word. Period. That’s all. That’s it. That says it. That might not mean much to you, but ya see Mr. Moody can’t get his money of five hundred million dollars today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow or the next day after tomorrow. So it’s okay that the wrong doer ain’t confessing here now, since we can’t just jet over the Atlantic Ocean to London, England then hop an airplane to Zurich, Switzerland.
“On Monday August-fourth, it is a National Holiday for Americans, some ole US President’s birthday party celebration. Our USA Banks, the US Post Office, and the garbage men get to sleep-in their warm beds during sunrise. But we have a slightest new problem you, you, you or either all or one is worth US American five hundred million dollars hidden safely inside a Swiss Bank Account in your first and last name or a pseudo-name. So you ain’t leaving this room. I mean you can go out the door for a piss-potty break. But I mean to explicitly imply is that you cannot go back to your warm beds until someone tells me who done it,” Fucner stares at each female. “We….them and me against the wall…are going to gossip about each one of you in the next room. Then we…them and me…will return. That’s plenty of time for one of you girls to figure out who done it and tattle-tale it to me while the rest of you get to go home with paid time off leave. Right, Dr. Munsterberg?” Munsterberg stares as Fucner laughs. “Okay! We be leaving. So you can talk and tell each other the lies,” spins towards the door leading the other occupants of the room.
Miss Social Worker whips out her mobile telephone from her scrubs then winks at Miss Physicist. “What’da ya think happening here, girl best?”
Miss Receptionist thumbs her mobile telephone, snarling. “I ain’t your girl best, Nina. And based on fugly ugly Fucner poorly rehearsed boringly bad grammar words I believe we are all suspects in this crime.”
Nina smiles at the texts from her boyfriend. “Embezzlement of five hundred million dollars ain’t a crime, that’s a major bank robbing accomplishment.”
“Ya did it.” Miss Receptionist drops her mouth at Nina.
Nina shakes her ponytail. “No, girl best! I didn’t steal that money.”
Miss Receptionist giggles. “Fucner’s not cute. I like that clean shaven co-worker named Judd with the dirty blonde hair. I rock that beach boy bad look. It’s youthful and playful…”
“…like a cockie Spaniard puppy dog.” Nina smiles.
“I do.” Miss Receptionist smiles at the new text from her boyfriend.
Nina thumbs her mobile telephone. “Fucner’s got that ugly hook-nose profile. Ya know scientific researchers have studied and discovered that the outer overall shape of a nose bride displays an innate or intimate specific human emotion discharging from a person’s personality. Since a person can’t change the appearance of an ugly crooked nose to a cute romantic button nose like Cumi’s aquiline nose similar to Judd’s. That’s mean your nose shape is a business person. A snub nose means the person lacks maturity acting like a little kid, all the time. A bulbous nose is a sign of sensitivity. Where a button nose is a pure hearted romantic and a fleshy nose means you’re a really generous person.”
“Forget Nina! She’s had too many coffee lattés, this morning.” Miss Receptionist giggles, viewing her mobile telephone.
Nina reads the mobile telephone. “The hawk-nosed shape famous on Queen Cleopatra is both unattractive and authoritative. Fucner’s got a hook-nose like a hooked-nose sea snake called an Enhydrina schistose.”
“A what?” Miss Receptionist giggles and views Nina.
Nina reads from her mobile telephone. “A highly venomous serpent, they don’t attack humans. But if your ass gets bitten by just 1.5 milligrams of its fang venom rated four to eight times toxic as cobra venom then it causes instant death to humans. They’re aggressive highly provoked when a human accidentally finds one along the seashores in the foreign countries of South Asia and Australia. They are active both day and at night, so don’t sleep walk, ya’ll…,” giggles.
“Nina!?” Miss Receptionist views Cumi.
Nina reads her mobile telephone. “They dive more then 300-feet underwater staying there for five hours before resurfacing, so don’t drown, ya’ll,” giggles. “The fangs are four millimeters long. The jaws can stretch wide to consume their supper of catfish whiskers and shrimp tails…,” giggles.
“I’m hunger for lunch. How’s about fried catfish from the Pond Shack Hut on Magnolia Street, this afternoon?” Miss Receptionist reads her mobile telephone as Cumi stares and listens.
“They locate a victim by the two senses of smell and touch…,” Nina reads her mobile telephone.
“O! It sounds sexual.” Miss Receptionist giggles.
“There predators are crocodiles.” Nina frowns at the mobile telephone.
“Fucner’s nostrils have a beak-like appearance to me like an Indian Cobra.” Miss Receptionist waves her mobile telephone at Cumi who doesn’t have one.
“Fucner’s hair is straight brown-colored, without any kinda of wavy strands like that new kind of hair style called the Caesar, where lots of male actors intimate warriors prancing around in their short skirts filming old ancient Greek and Roman Hollywood movies. I liked watching my He-men wand their long handled swords whacking off their enemy warrior’s skulls.” Nina giggles at Cumi.
“I want Mr. Gorgeous.” Miss Receptionist winks at Cumi.
Nina says. “Then I’ll take Mr. Non-gorgeous ‘cause Cumi gets the female being a lesbo. Right girlfriend?”

10:04 am. First Conference Room.
Fucner, Eula Gay, Judd Gray, Morgan, and Neal lounge comfortably in the red chairs around a round yellowish pine wood table as Fucner smiles. “She possesses a selected behavior pattern leading to a certain choice creating a set of certain feelings…”
“Ya know Fucner, a randomized FDA sample is all of the above costly, laboriously time consuming, and doesn’t play well on the hospital grounds in this scenario. So why da ya mention it, buddy? I’m really confused.” Judd studies the farm mural of animals.
“Good enough data concept!” Fucner smiles.
“Huh?” Judd frowns at Fucner.
Fucner says. “Researchers believe that all the data they collect come from one or maybe two samples of populated human subjects is labeled as ‘good enough’ datum. So good enough data leads to a specific rational generalization that leads to a specific human behavior that leads to a specific thief or in this case the opposite of the specific lie.”
“What the fuck, Fucner!” Judd chuckles and shakes his skull.
“Are your referring some type of reverse psychology, Fucner?” Gay frowns at him.
Fucner nods. “If our data, in this case our person, is somewhat fatally flawed and biased and generalizes on the wrong suspect then we have our right thief. Right?”
Judd smiles and plays on his mobile telephone. “I’m recording and noting your stupid-ass approach in my day diary highlighting it with the shit words, very entertaining and often interesting.”
Gay says. “Let’s start with a series of some basic simple questions. Okay? Do they know each other, Dr. Munsterberg?” She stares at him.
Munsterberg says. “No.”
“Do they travel to work together?” Gay asks as Munsterberg shakes his skull. “Have we touched base with any of their family members, yet?”
Judd reads his mobile telephone. “Paraphrasing all the numerous voice and text messages into one single neat English sentence, the kin folks are shocked at the money stealing crime but truly feel that both Miss Social Worker and Miss Receptionist ain’t smart enough to do the crime of two centuries. And Miss Physicist doesn’t have relatives so we be expanding the posse search for her blood-kin.”
“That’s two double neat English sentences.” Fucner chuckles at Judd.
Gay nods. “Stay on that! Expand the verbal, written, and electronic investigation into their social networking friends, and bad Internet buddies, and finally the good honest folks at church, Judd. Please text that back to Marvin. Okay,” exhales. “What did their co-workers here at the hospital proclaim about the three females?”
Judd views him. “Bite my ass, Fucner! Ya know that’s really on my cell phone. Miss Social Worker is cocky, self-assured, confident, independent, a sweet talker, not mysterious. She knows what she wants. She doesn’t care what others think. She knows how to charm your bed slippers.”
Morgan, the police officer states. “The second female, Miss Receptionist is a bit dim-witted and a little bit more mysterious. She can put the tiger in your tank. Growl! She’s a thrill seeker, a sky diver, alluring lover…”
“I like her perfume.” Gay smiles.
Judd looks at her, smiling. “Going a little gay, Gay.”
Gay views him. “Ha. Ha. Going a little grey, Gray.”
“Miss Receptionist likes risky stuff. Life’s never dull around this chick. She rides a motorcycle to work along with off-roading on a dirt bike on some clay dirt around these rural parts near Gardenville, I believe. And her co-workers say that she makes them laugh, keeps her personal stories interesting, and amuses her friendly boys.” Judd reads from his mobile telephone.
Gay nods. “Third female, Miss Physicist?”
“Ho-hum everyday life, so boring.” Morgan reads from the Birmingham Hospital Human Resource paper folder.
“She has a unique way to doing things.” Judd nods.
Fucner chuckles. “O! Like not talking, not even asking for a lawyer like the first two smart girls did.”
“…appears wimpy.” Morgan says.
Munsterberg shakes his skull. “She’s shy, a clinical definition of nervousness around people timid like a mice but not really easily frightened. A snake frightens folks. The girl is young keeps to her person, mostly. Does a great job with the physics calcs? Do not touch my calcs, Mr. Fucner?”
Gay says. “Folks experience shyness in an array of varying degrees, Dr. Munsterberg like in this particular situation, especially in the company of a people wall full of nervous law enforcement officers.”
Fucner says. “Her visual behavioral traits include no smiling, a tense body language, no eye contact in which all of these are negative…”
“All perceived as guilty as she did it. Just arrest her ass enough with this psycho-babble talk. Get this done now!” Moody stands and fingers Fucner.
Fucner says. “No stereotyping anyone. We live in the good ole USA where folks are rowdy and raunchy for both fun and profit. Some southern families purposefully raise their southern children in a more slo mo molasses reserve conservative homey environment that values both, quietness and meekness over robust-ness…”
“…or less intelligent…,” says Moody.
Gay views Moody. “A less intelligent individual did not execute this crime, Mr. Moody. A highly intelligent genius did cleaning your entire Vaughn Moody Foundation Bank account of five hundred million dollars…half a billion dollars in a blink of an eye…”
“Eyelash…in a blink of an eyelash, since one of the perpetrators is a female,” chuckles Fucner.
“So the next set of fixed variables will be an array of smart intelligent traits.” Gay says.
Morgan flips the papers. “Good grades...exceptional grades, over achiever, good test scores too. She graduated with a Master’s degree in Physics. Who’s a genius?”
“Who is hiding her emotions? Feelings? Pains?” Fucner studies the cute pig on the wall.
Judd reads from the police report. “She lives a vagabond lifestyle. This is her third rental apartment in three calendar years. Her apartment is used to shower her body, wash her clothes, and sleep inside a queen-sized mattress, alone with no male or beast.”
Fucner studies the drawn horse on the wall. “Not fair! You’re calling her a what?”
“She’s visually attractive, not charming, not social, but loves the chase, not the capture.” Morgan says.
Judd nods. “She’s a sociopath.”
“….not a crazy person…,” says Gay.
Fucner shakes his skull studying the cow on the wall. “Naw. She ain’t anti-social but more like in shy ’hi, bye,’ not mine.”
“That don’t rhyme, Fucner.” Judd chuckles and reads the report.
“Maybe she’s suffered some kind of financial, social or emotional matter, that’s not identified within her HR folder forcing her to commit the crime of two centuries.” Morgan says.
Gay says. “Okay? Let’s stick our noses up their asses. Is her complex with a combo of genetic, biological or environmental causes? Did she came from a very dysfunctional family unit or suffered a childhood abuse, a head injury or her Mama smoked pot in the 80s? Is she schizophrenia? On prescribed physician’s medications? Go and ask those medical, social, and economic questions, officers of the law?”
Munsterberg says. “No. Definitely not on any prescribed medications, since we test for illegal drugs on all of our pre-hired hospital employees during the health screening process along with a nicotine habit. Cc…she passed,” smiles and nods.
Gay nods. “Aggressive tendencies? Mood swings? Irritability? Criminal behavior? Criminal arrests?
“The answer is no to any and all criminal arrests, since the rest are unknown based on our limited paper search.” Morgan says.
Gay stands. “Who wants to take home a girlfriend for the evening, Judd?”
Judd smirks and sniggers. “I wants the motorcycle babe. We got some shared common ground, maybe I can find out some new clues or new leads of the crime of two centuries.”
“Good enough!” Gay nods.
Fucner stands, claps and laughs. “See! The psychology researchers good enough datum leads us to a specific right thief.”
Gay shakes her curls. “I’ll take Miss Social Worker…”
“…hope ya live happily ever after, gay, Gay.” Gray chuckles and fist-bumps with Fucner.
Gay orders. “Fucner gets the shy but highly rightly specific suspect with the big neurons nicknamed Miss Physicist. Since he’s closest to a working non-paid psychologist we need but don’t got. So Fucner, break her down. See if she’ll confess to the crime then we’ll be happy. Everyone knows their homestead.”
Moody clears his throat. “I do not understand your code words, Agent Fontana. Everyone knows their homestead. Are you planning to accompany the three females to their individual jail cells in the local Police Station, as well? One of these young girls has all my money. I don’t want her escaping to the foreign country of France with my life-time investment.”
Fucner smiles. “She’ll escape to Switzerland, not France, since the money is…”
Gay nods to Moody. “Thanks for correcting that point, Agent Fucner and precisely the point, Mr. Moody. The foreign country of Switzerland will not allow one of us or you of you entertaining any one or many Swiss bankers during their National Birthday Party. And we’re very concerned along with you about one of the young females eloping with a boyfriend on a private jet from the Birmingham Airport to the Bahamas…,” chuckles with some of the others.
“What?” Moody sours as Judd and Fucner chuckle for a second time.
Gay spins towards the door. “Mr. Moody, we agree with you. Therefore each one of us will be babysitting, if you want to use that sissy term, a female ensuring that she will not be leaving the city limits of Birmingham. And she will be boarding an airplane on Tuesday morning, August fifth for Zurich then the bank will identify which female has embezzled your monies. And we all will be happy. Let’s go back into the conference room and tell the females about their new bodyguards.”

11:01am.
Fucner enters following by Gay, Gray, Morgan then Moody who blocks the open archway. Moody is both uptight and upset, not being able to sit, eat or stand for more than two seconds, because his money has been stolen by one of these bitches who doesn’t want to verbally confess the evil deed. However she does plan to run away from the USA and hide inside the foreign country of Switzerland living a grand royal life with her sexy boyfriend for the rest of her Earthly days, foreverly.
Fucner stands in front of the table, scanning the faces. “Ladies, we have conferred about each one of you. Now, it’s your turn. Who done it?” Silence echoes inside the room when he clears his throat, not smiling. “Okay? Since the thief doesn’t want to confess. We’re left with no other alternative but to babysit you starting right now at 11:04 in the morning until the morning of Tuesday on August fifth. On Tuesday all of us will be boarding the second flight at zero-eight-zero-seven hundred hours bound for Zurich, Switzerland. Then all of us will discover who had downloaded the five hundred million dollars from the Vaughn Moody Foundation Bank Account and next uploaded the millions into her personal Bank Account in Switzerland. We have drawn long straws as the old axiom goes. Miss Social Worker will bunk with my supervisor Gay Fontana,” Gay raises the handcuffs. “Please stand!”
Miss Social Worker sits and shakes her curls. She sours. “Ya’ll have got to be fucking me in the wrong position. I am not a criminal. I did not commit this crime. I want my lawyer here, now.”
“Miss Social….,” smiles Fucner.
Miss Social Worker says. “I have a name.”
Fucner raises both palms. “Miss Social Worker, please calm down! Let’s review quickly. One of you uploaded Mr. Moody’s money into a personal secret bank account in the foreign country of Switzerland. One of you is worth five hundred million dollars making Mr. Moody, very unhappy. So the hand cuffs are to intimidate you plus make me feel great. However you will wear them. Or I don’t know the ‘or’ part. Stand up, princess!” She slowly scoots the chair from the table then slowly stands, sneering at him.
Gay shuffles to her clicking the handcuffs around her wrists. They exit the room with Miss Social Worker yelling her complains down the hallway to her co-workers and Gay.
Fucner fingers the middle female. “Miss Receptionist, you get to play with Judd Gray nicknamed the ‘gray wolf’ because of his mean and nasty demeanor. Ya feel me, girlfriend!” She nods then stands shuffling around for her handcuffs. Judd cuffs her wrists leading her out the room with a big smile.
Cumi slowly stands presenting her hands, without instruction. Fucner smiles and cuffs her wrists. “I’m sorry, my sweet. I might need a smaller set of hand cuffs since you’re wrists are both small and bony. This way, please!” He back steps from her allowing Cumi freedom from the table and the chair. She leads down the hallway with eyeballs and lips of hospital staff members staring at her.
Cumi drops her eyelashes to the clean carpet heading out the building. Fucner quickly rushes around her opening the passenger door like a good southern boy. Cumi squints her sensitive eyelashes to the bright sun rays seeing the bright red letters IRS.
She stops at the doorway staring at him. Fucner: peach skin, golden topaz pupils, dark brown locks of straight hair. She slides into the seat when he clips her into the safety belt for protection. He touches her breast grunting and smiling. He leans his rugged cat whiskers into her face. She feels the rough whiskers between his pink lips making her jealous. He smiles. “Your perfume of vanilla and rose petals is very nice,” stands and stares at her.
She views the floor mats with the handcuff rattling between her legs turning slightly red of embarrassment from their brief touch encounter.
He slams the door.
She follows his shadow around the front bumper of the car, not seeing but sensing his entrance into the driver’s seat. He shuts the door starting the engine to warm the car. He winks at her. “We’re going to a secret hideaway, my sweet. You’ll love it. I promise, babe.” She stares at the floor mats rattling the handcuffs. He drives the truck into the flow of traffic, nodding. “I’m hungry. Ya hunger, too? Close to noontime…lunchtime for me, babe,” views and smiles at her. “Look, I’m really sorry about this. You can be mad at me but it doesn’t change the situation or the drive or the hideout or me.” She views her sneakers since Munsterberg makes everyone dress alike in black scrubs and sneakers. She doesn’t enjoy the car ride. He flips on the car blinker to the right slowing the speed, whipping into the fast food joint. “Making a lunch run at Dee Dee’s. What’da ya want? Ya gotta eat. I gotta eat if ya’ll don’t then I’ll finish your food. How’s that?” He smiles to the speaker box.
A female says via the speaker box. “May I help you?”
He nods. “Yeah! Gimme four Dee Dee’s big manly hamburgers with everything,” views her. “Make that four Dee Dee’s big manly hamburgers with everything, three vanilla milk shakes, three orders of fries, and six chocolate chip cookies.”
“Does that complete your order, sir?”
“Yeah.”
“The total amount is $54.76, sir. Please drive forward to the first window for payment. Thanks for visiting Dee Dee’s and have a nice day!”
He moves the car around to the first window, stopping the car. He guides towards her…naw…the glove compartment rummaging through the items. He twists from her handing off the green plastic card. She stares at the floor mats rattling the handcuffs. He chuckles with the cashier thumbing the handcuffs. “She’s tamed and potty trained. Don’t worry your pretty head about it, dear,” the cashier uses the plastic card to pay the food order then returns to Fucner. He nods. “Thanks, honey,” drives to the second window. The attendant smiles then sours her face spotting the handcuffs. He chuckles patting her arm. “Like my captive. Don’t worry, sugar! She’s just pretty.” She stares at the floor mats. He accepts the food bags dumping them into her lap. She shifts her cuffed hands hugging the three bags as he smiles. “Good thinking, Miss Physicist!” He places one of the beverages into her cuffed hands then drops the others into the convenience cup holders near his elbows. He drives into traffic. “Well, how about thank you, Cumi. That’s a unique name from the Bible. Right? The Book of Mark 5:14 which means to ‘rise.’ We be done, little darling. Let’s go home and eat you up,” winks at her. She stares the floor mats. He drives in traffic. “We’re on Preserve Parkway passing Sulphur Spring Road on the right and Grove Boulevard on my left. Why do people name roads with two different names? Curve us to the left with more crop land of weeds and strawberries. I love strawberries. Do ya like them?” He pauses when she stares at the floor mats. “I like them more on you then me. That’s Lake Crest Drive on my left. White Stone Way on both sides of the car and back there on your right is a church. Ya want visit the church make a confession?” he chuckles when she stares at the floor mats. “We passed Sulphur Springs Road for a second time since it squirrels like a snake from north to west. Why? I dare not answer. Now, we cross the bridge up again and pull the car to a stop. We are turning left into the middle of a knee-high yellow and green meadow patch of colorful wildflowers, too. No one lives here, ever,” chuckles. She stares out the window at the skyline. He scoots out the truck then jogs around the front bumper, nodding and smiling at her. He opens the door extending his hand. He helps her out the truck. She leans against the metal staring into his face. He wiggles the handcuffs then smiles. She leans into his with the tip of her nose almost touching his flawless soft skin. He says. “We’re here, baby. This is a great little hideout where nobody will disturb us for days,” winks. “I get nervous watching over a future criminal. I like that word better than future convict. That’s a nasty word, convict. What’da ya think, darling?” when she frowns. He says. “So this is to be our future relationship dull boring for me,” when he grabs her handcuffs. He leads her towards the edge of the cliff. She sees mountains above the plateau and a river below. He fingers the landscape. “We are 909-feet from the clay dirt on the ground, my lovely. Shades Mountain is a cuesta in Jefferson County. Have ya been there? No matter! Ya are, now. It is a slope. The word cuesta is Spanish for slope. And, the isolated lonely bluff is flatter than a pancake with a gently slope on four sides. If more steeped slope, it would be a cliff. Get the difference! O well! The little mountain is bordered by water on all sides. Shades Creek ain’t really no creek but a river on the west side flowing north towards the Shades River. And, the east is the Hurricane Creek, but it ain’t no creek, but a river flowing towards the north into Shades River. I repeated that for ya. Did ya get it?” He laughs, spreading his free hand while his other hand holds her handcuffs. “This place is called the Moss Rock Preserve. Guess why?” He pauses then chuckles. “Ya guessed it, because of rock, different types of rock,” fingering the mountain. “Over yonder on the other side of Shades Mountain, there is a rock outcropping called Lover’s Leap, where an Indian jumped with his princess bride off the Tip Top Grill,” fingering the other mountain. “This side is Shelby County and that side is Jefferson County. Ain’t that cool! The county is divided on this here bluff. Moss Rock Preserve is located within the Cahaba Mountain Ridge within the lower the Appalachian Mountain Range. Ya know these big boys peak from New York down to here into Bama. The preserve is divided by the two branches of water running all the way north between the two big mountains.” He thumbs behind his collar bone. “Back there, the southern part of the creek flows through Pine Mountain. Guess, there’s a lot of pine trees. The northern part of the creek cuts through a set of trees and rocks known as the Pottsville Formation. Let’s not step closer to the edge! This ridge is the first bluff point on Red Mountain that extends from here in Hoover to Irondale. Within the rocks, ya can see the different types of geological formation. I point ya in the direction of south, but I want ya to look down at the slope. It goes south straight down into a boulder field. No water. No cushion only the hard light gray limestone. Ya die, if you jump.” He shuffles her shoulders to the west, saying. “I point ya in the direction of the west. Look down! This is pure shale stone which is vanilla white that drops right into the water about twenty-feet. Ya die, if you jump!” He chuckles then shifts her towards the object. “This is the direction of north. See there. Coal black as midnight leads right into the water. Ya die, if you jump.” He pushes her forward facing the west side of the bluff. “This is the west slope made of pure pink sandstone. Look down! Pretty, like you. But ya die, if you jump,” leans into her ear. “Ya got that, my sweet!” he nods, chuckling. She stares at the slope, the skyline, and the dirt. He says into her eardrum. “Good! Cuz, I’m done,” he swings her towards the object. “The only thing on top of the cliff is a real log cabin. This is our sleeping spot. The log cabin is made out of logs,” he gently slams her into the closed door, chuckling. “O! To finish my geology lecture these rocks were formed during the Pennsylvanian Period in Alabama 300 million years old! Wished I had that much money in my bank account, right, my lovely,” pauses then chuckles. “Wait, ya do! Ya stole all of old man Vaughn’s money from his Foundation’s bank account then chunked it into a Swiss bank account. You’re a smart one, my dear. Ya stay put. I’m getting our food. I’m starving,” he fuddles the key from his jeans then inserts into the door lock.
The door swings inward.

Living-room.
Cumi enters the room when his kneecaps banging into her ass. She hears his grunts then chuckles. He shoves her into the rectangular room ahead of him. “Home, sweet home! My lovely, ya want out of your decorative cheap jewelry.” He digs into his jean’s pocket then displays the key. He spins her around unlocking the handcuffs then tosses them on the wooden floor with a dull thud. She stands when he reaches, grabbing a neatly stack of white clothes. He spins around smiling, extends the object. He nods. “Your prison gear. Sorry! It’s a required dress code for the accused in case ya try and successfully escape from me which ain’t going to happen, my pet.” She grabs the clothes when he fingers the hallway. “The last bedroom is mine. But you’re very welcome to use first and then abuse me, later,” winks. “Or ya can use and abuse a second guest bedroom for your lovely selfie, my beauty.”
She doesn’t comment walking down the hallway passing the bathroom then sees the guest bedroom. She enters and closes the door to a room, without windows due to good hydraulic metal springs.
Fucner chuckles watching Cumi pace down the hallway, selecting the guest bedroom, not the master bedroom. He spins and rushes outside charging towards the truck. He gathers the food bags, not worrying about Cumi escaping her hideaway hole with the front door wide open. There is nowhere for her to run away too other than the dangerous slope of rock or jumping into the water. Or Cumi can try to steal the truck, if she can successfully and sexually locate and find the single car key inside his underwear, chuckling at that mental picture.
He races into the open door slamming the door with his boot. He places the food bags on the table then swings to the kitchen for paper plates. He decorates the table with food and plates for them, smiling and nodding.
Cumi opens the door standing in the archway, wishing for a miracle then slides into an empty hallway. She stares into the darkness, not seeing a spying Fucner. She back pedals viewing the master bedroom, seeing no windows in the room, too. Cumi shakes her ponytail in confusion strolling towards the lighted space. The room represents a living room, a dining room, and a den room, all rolled into one entertainment space.
She pads passed the guest bedroom, again. The guest bedroom is painted in peachy-tan color on four walls with no closet space, only a queen-sized mattress and frame under a simple peach-colored cotton bedspread with a queen-sized pillow. Strange! The tiny bathroom displays a sink, a toilet, and a shower tub, without windows too.
Fucner stands behind one of the chairs at the eating-table then views her. He drops his mouth. “What the fuck?” She paces to an empty chair. He has exchanged his clothes for a t-shirt, shorts, and sneakers in black, fingering her. “What the fuck is this, my darling? You’ve tossed a pair of white shorts over your black scrub pants and then covered your black scrub top with the white T-shirt. That’s not the right dress code, my lovely. But it’ll pass. I guess. My princess, I must inform that ya got tacky taste in the girly wardrobe department…,” he chuckles and shuffles the chair for her like a southern gentleman. Cumi slides into the chair impressed with the two-person placement, since she has impressed him with her wardrobe fun annoyance selection. The placement nicely displays a single white paper plate, a plastic fork on the left and a plastic knife on the right side, and a sweaty tall Dee Dee’s paper cup of melting iced soda, posed slightly above the knife. A single hamburger surrounded with an array of French fries decorates the center of the paper plate like golden brown ice crystals. The silver hand cuffs center stage in the middle of the table for either, show of force or silly replacement of fresh cut roses. Fucner smiles, “A seat for my tacky lady.” He sits, attacking his food, chewing. Cumi eats when he views her. “I bet ya feel awkward and apprehensive. You’re shy. Right? I’m an introvert too feeling compelled to be alone all the time. I am alone. Ya know your silence makes a deeply profound statement to me, my heart, and soul.” He bites into the second hamburger, chewing and studying her eating. Shy people often desire to be around other people but don’t know how to interact with strangers, except for their blood family members. He recalled from reading her HR folder that her parents died of a double case of suicide. He nods, chewing. “I like to read. Do you read, my lovely?” She chews viewing her food when he smiles. “We might not read but we have something in common, Cumi. Common, Cumi. Come on, Cumi! That’s funny. Yes.” He nods, chewing his food when she swallows the food. He says. “I read this great Internet article about the top ten tips for better sex…,” smiles Fucner, when Cumi drops her fork into the plate along with her lips. He smiles. “It’s just girl-talk between us. Use a blindfold. Sexual pleasure comes in many ways, but I’ve learned that the best sexual organ is the brains. What da ya think, my pet?” He bites the burger, chews then swallows. She looks down at the half-eaten hamburger when Fucner says. “When one sense of five is blinded, the other senses enhance via the brain waves the other four of sight, smell, touch, and vibrations. Good vibrations,” wiggles his eyebrows, smiling. “The physical and mental blind folding process actually increases the sensory awareness. What da ya think, my pet?” He chews finishing the burger she eats. He says. “Blinded. Then ya wouldn’t know what I might be doing to you or your body creating both deep anticipation and heighten eroticism. Tease you mercilessly with a sensory object, maybe a soft feather or a softer tongue. Start off softly exciting the nerve endings making them far more enjoyable by firing up the cold juices of you or your body then creating a new high intensity of deep passion dirty lust.” He swallows as she stabs the fries with a fork. He smiles. “Give her instructions. Every guy-stud thinks he can please his lady-friend, but this a total myth, very rarely done, except for me.” She looks at the plate, chewing. He chews. “For a better sex act, I have a lesson session kinda like a mini-session in College. Ya know, I talk about the things you want to try then choose one, and then get down and dirty with the one…you and me…my beauty. For example, I might suggest massage the feet or the toes or the legs or the thighs. Since a sensual massage is a sexual touch, one of the most relaxing and sexy things that I can do for you, my lovely.” She looks at the wall, chewing when he swallows the food. He smiles. “Play dress up like little tiny girls do all the time as children. I like to role play. Ya can be Queen Cleopatra and I’m Mark Antony,” nods. She swings her face studying his nook nose like Marcus Antony’s claim to fame in 23BC besides marrying the Queen of Egypt. He drinks then says. “Talk dirty, that concept has turned girls on for centuries, because of our provocative mentally filthy mind. I’m a guy. Guys like filthy, dirty, hot brain power. The brain is the best sex organ. When you speak one dirty word I respond, very swiftly. Then you react. Then I react and then we act together evoking mixed emotions, deep sensations, and vigorous hot blood flow all over our sweaty bodies. Talking dirty is a talent. And I don’t mean shouting vile nasty words into your face. That’s just wrong and raunchy, since only certain cowboys possess, love whispers.” She sucks on the soda, when he says. “The number one sex tip for a man is. Ya wanna guess, my sweet? It is to try a new locate for our sex acts.” Cumi stands taking her empty place into the kitchen. Fucner smiles and stands taking his dirty plates into the kitchen. He says. “Having sex in a new place gets things excited and a bit risqué. Ya know like doing it on the top of a dining room table…,” pauses, “…or on top of a washing machine…,” chuckles.
Cumi turns from the sink then tosses the dirty paper items into the trash can. She views the floor tuning out Fucner since her eardrums absorb the background noise. She pads into the living-room, seeing. The space displays no visual windows of the outdoor forest, trees, birds, and no Fucner.
The far wall holds a set of book shelves with hundreds of CDs for music, DVDs for movies, and hard copy beautiful manual books for reading. The side wall on her right holds a nice set of electronics consisting of a plasma television. The television hooks to a DVD player for playing a movie or a song. The other side wall on her left is the furniture flush against the wall consisting of a sofa, three chairs making the room cozy and comfortable for six adults or four adults and three children.
Fucner dumps the used paper items into the trashcan then washes both hands using the soap and kitchen sink water then dries them on the side towel. He spins around padding out of the kitchen. He leans against the open archway separating the dining room from the living room. He crosses his arms watching Cumi investigate the wall collection of CDs, DVDs, and books. He chuckles. “Do you fantasy, Cumi? Tickle your fancy or tickle your fanny. I like both provocative physical feeling suggestions.” She touches one of the CDs pulling out a single musical song, reading the artist’s biography between the plastic cover. He says. “There are hundreds of CDs. I like Country music best. What did ya like, Cumi?” She replaces the CD two-stepping to the left, selecting a DVD while reading the plot of the movie. He says. “There are hundreds of DVDs. I like horror movies best. What did ya like, Cumi?” She quickly replaces the DVD facing the electronics. She touches the radio power button. He says. “It broke.” She whips her hand from the radio two-stepping to the television when he chuckles. “Sorry, my pet! No TV for being a bad thief. Naw! I shit ya. We big bad US Federal Agents share this little log cabin with a unique isolation prison location. The last fugitive guarded by the FBI damaged the TV wiring making it impossible to see a movie or a football game. And Congress has to decide who pays the damage the fugitive, the FBI or the hard-working American middle class.” She presses the button seeing blackness behind the plasma television, the exposed gold and silver wiring on the television’s cable, verifying his information. She exhales touching the DVD player acting out a stubborn fugitive as Fucner laughs, leaning against the wall. “Sorry, my beauty. The electronics are for show, only and no landlines or cells, neither. Since ya be one of three suspects of the missing five hundred million dollars. I be here to keep you, my lovely from accessing one or many outside forces or sources like my rhyme. In case ya didn’t work alone stealing the five hundred million dollars.” She swings towards him folding her arms over the words IRS. He smiles. “Man, you and me up here all weekend inside this little log house like two pioneers. Ya know pioneers had to sleep together to keep warm at night,” nods. She paces towards the kitchen. He follows her. “What about food?” He pauses and smiles. She rattles the Dee Dee’s food sacks for a dessert time. He says. “I cook and I eat. I’m not a bad chef. Did you wanna help me bake a pecan pie, tonight? There’s lots of free groceries in the pantry and fridge. I bet ya don’t cook but do eat. I bet ya eat rabbit food and crates of grapefruit. Who in their right mental sane mind would suck on a sour grapefruit?” He pauses, smiling. “Not I!”
Cumi finds one of four cookies cramming between lips, chewing then grabs an unopened bottle of warm water on the kitchen counter. She walks out the kitchen passing Fucner, sitting in her assign Pub chair at the Pub table. She drinks to drown the dry oatmeal cookie stuck inside a dry throat.
Fucner leans against the wall, studying her. “You got a cute head on your shoulders. You’re personable. You’re smart. You’re drawing out that bad girl image way too long, my pet. All the paid researchers write, quote, and publish their paper articles all over the world. That matching bad boy image is alluring, cocky, brash, foolhardy, masculine, exciting, unconventional compared to a nice guy image, but so boring. What’da ya think, Cumi?”
Cumi stares and studies the empty dull, without a window or art work or decorations made of cemented blocks of concrete. She sees the tiny white particles of chipped and fallen tan paint from the bombardment of outside weather forces of a hot humid summer and a cold icy weather eating away the wall paint.
Fucner smiles, standing at the table. “Come on, Cumi. That sounds like a sex act. Come on, Cumi.” He pauses then snaps two finger pads, “I gots an idea. We can play a game like a pair of little kids at school. How about the game ‘Tag, You’re it’? I like that game. Or a slo mo game of Checkers, since I don’t like charades. ‘Cuz I never guess the right person, place or thing. And I like to play games using my tactile finger function,” wiggles his fingers. Cumi eye rolls then sucks down the warm water. He smiles showing the object. “Looky here! I got a blindfold to make our play game more fun.” He wiggles eyebrows and the cloth. “What did ya think, Cumi?”
Cumi cuts her eyelashes to the dark blindfold dropping the water bottle on its bottom as water swiftly sloshes over the table. She swings to the front door then to him, grinning. She has her own wicked mental thoughts, a daring escape with his ugly nostrils and eyelids blinded during a stupid play.
Fucner smiles and leans into her. “I be a true southern gentleman, the only one in the log cabin, lady. Okay, my pet. How’s about I place the blindfold over your face…,” when she slides left towards the wall far away from him.
He chuckles jerking away from her, “Sorry! I be a nicer guy. Show ya, how the play ground game works. I’ll place the blindfold over my face then you place any object inside my hands, so I can guess it.” Cumi studies him. He says. “To play the play ground game, you gotta talk using the tongue and lips with me, to me or at me. Or we can just sit on the opposite sides of the room reading a book since the TV is broken.”
Cumi smiles and nods. “I wanna play. I just don’t understand the rules.”
Fucner smiles and nods gaining her trust, first, then her confession, second. He shakes the object. “I’m blindfolded then you place a physical object like a CD into my open palms. I ask you a series of questions about your selected object kinda like a verbal blind man’s game.”
She frowns at him. “I still don’t understand.”
He smiles. “For example, if you like this object, then place the object into my hands. I cannot see, because I’m blind. I’ll ask a series of questions guessing at the specific object. You’ll answer yes or no. You must present a physical object, not a pretend object. No. No. No. And the object must be inside this room somewhere, so you can see it to answer my research questions.”
She smiles. “O! Got it! Is your object inside this room?”
He chuckles. “Geez, sweetheart, ya be a brilliant physicist that has embezzled half-a-billion dollars…”
She exhales, frowning. “No!”
He raises his palms, laughing, lifts one of the chairs from the table. He totes it into the middle of the living room. “I’m just teasing ya, my lovely making ya feel cozy and warm like a sweet little fuzzy bunny rabbit. Now, you find an object then place that object into the palm of my hands. I will gently touch it while posing tons of questions to describe the finite object.” He sits in the chair, places the blindfold over his eyelids then ties it around a skull looking helpless. She looks at the closed door. He says blinded with the cloth. “But remember, it has to be a physical object in this room. Are you ready, my pet?”
She smiles at the door then him. “Ready.”
He sits inside the chair, asks blinded with the cloth. “Is your object wet?”
She cuts her eyelashes to the door with her heart racing. Her palms sweat viewing him. He will take a few precious seconds to figure out that she has escaped. She swallows the thick spittle. “No.”
He chuckles. “Is your object dry?”
She stands using both hands to steady her knocking kneecaps. “Yes.” If she fails to escape Fucner might get really mad and do something irrational. She stares at the police handcuffs, grinning. She slides the metal across the smooth wooden then folds the sleek cuffs into both hands.
“Is your object..,” asks Fucner, when a sharp pain invades his wrist bones bowing the arms in pain. “Hey…”
She giggles viewing him both blinded and chained. “Hay is for horses. I slapped the hand cuffs on your wrists, sugar. This will make our play ground more intriguing, my handsome.”
Fucner grunts then chuckles. “Come on, Cumi.” She back pedals from him towards the door. He smiles. “Ya might want to place that object physically into my hands, now. That’d help me guess it, my sweet.”
“Shore, darling,” she shouts back stepping towards the front door blinded from his eyeballs. She hits the door swinging around.
“Is your object hard?” She slams palms, forearms, and pointy elbows into the metal creating tiny tings then wildly rubbing both hands over a solid metal door. She can’t find a door knob or a key latch or a circular key hole to open the door for her brilliant escape plot. Fucner laughs raising the handcuffs.  “I’m impressed, my sweet. You’re very good. You agreed to play my game to blindfold and tie me up. I love smart-ass girls. There’s no door knob or key or key hole, my beauty.” She stops abusing the paint with her hands, exhaling and studying the door, a solid sheet of puke green metal then back steps. Cumi swings and marches to his laughing. He drops his chin into his chest then lifts his chin to her. “I mentioned before this is a hideaway for US Federal Government fugitives who usually are testifying against some of their badder bad asses. So we use this place to watch ‘em and secure ‘em by locking both the US employee and the bad fugitive into one log cabin space. No one comes in. No one gets out,” smiles. “The door is flush with the wall. The only way out of here is from the outside. Don’t sweat, my pet. We leave on Monday am for a direct flight to the lovely foreign country of Switzerland. My boss-lady Gay comes and unlatches the door on Monday freeing us from the log cabin. Sorry! Ya learned this the hard way, my pet. Life pretty much sucks if you’re a smart-ass.” She exhales and shakes her ponytail, not noticing a flush metal door. Her mind is occupied with the crime of stealing $500 million. He smiles. “Is your object hard?” She doesn’t want to play the silly game, but there isn’t nothing else to do, except wait for Monday am. She exhales scanning the room. He says with confusion. “Do ya wanna quit playing, Cumi?”
Her acute vision zooms onto a physical object inside the room following his silly game rule for his silly little mind game. She rushes then squats grabbing the object. She smiles turning to him. “No. I don’t wanna quit. I’m sorry for my delay. I have found my physical object. No. It is not hard,” toting the object in her hand.
He smiles with the blindfold and handcuffs. “Is it hot?”
“No,” she places into his cuffed palms. “I’m placing my physical object into your cupped hands. So don’t drop it….,” giggles.
He frowns. “Is it there? I can’t feel it. Is it small?”
“Yes.” She smiles.
“Is it useful?”
“Yes,” she studies her object inside his open palms.   
“Is it fun?”
“Yes. Take a guess? Wait! What do I get it if you guess totally wrong?”
“A kiss from me..,” smiles Fucner.
She shakes her ponytail but he can’t see her sour facial expression. “Wrong.”
“A kiss from you…,” he chuckles.
“A slap on your face…,” giggles Cumi.
“Way wrong, my vicious pet.”
“I know. The loser cooks supper, tonight,” nods.
“Excellent prize! Okay. It is dry and soft and small, useful and fun. It is a…a….,” twists the handcuffs around his wrists trying to touch the physical object.
“Give up!”
“Naw. It is a…It is a…,” says Fucner with confusion.
“Surrender, man!” she giggles.
“Naw. It is a...,” exhales. “Okay, my pet. What is it?”
She smiles at him. “Ya give up and surrender to the princess.”
He nods. “Yes. I surrender to the princess,” when she unties the blindfold from his eyelids, not the handcuffs. Fucner sees a tiny object laying inside the shadow his fingers narrowing eyelids. He moves his hands closer then screams. “Ugh! Gawddamn it, it’s a spider…,” twists his arms shaking the dead spider out of his hands, snarling.
“A dead spider..,” giggles Cumi. “I found it all swiveled up with its tiny eight legs sticking up in the air near the door frame on the floor. I guess the poor thing got locked inside with that bad ass fugitive, too,” laughs.
Fucner stands and fingers the chair, sneering. “Your turn, my vicious pet for the non-heated electric chair,” sniggers.
She unlocks the handcuffs from his wrists then giggles. She sits inside the chair extending her arms. He locks the handcuffs and blindfold on her. She smiles. “Is your object inside the bathroom?”
He smiles, circling around her chair. “My object ain’t inside the bathroom, my pet.”
She smiles, bouncing inside the chair. “Is your object inside the bedroom?”
He exhales, standing at the book shelf. “No, my beauty! It is not inside the bedroom or your bedroom or your bathroom or the truck or outside under a rock. My little dang object is inside this room. Does that answer your ten next questions, my lovely?”
She giggles. “Is it big?”
“No.”
She sneers. “Is it small?”
“Yes.”
She smiles. “Is it wet?”
“No.
“Is it dry?”
“Yes.”
“Is it soft?”
“Yes.”
“Is it long?”
“No.”
“Is it short?”
“Yes.”
“Is it cold?”
“Yes.”
“Is it hard?”
“No.”
“Is it useful?”
“Yeah.”
“Is it fun?”
“Yes.”
Cumi recalls the free-standing lamp at the end of the sofa thinking about the delicate light bulb inside the socket of the lamp. She asks. “Is it smooth?”
“Yes.”
“Is it rough?”
“No.”
“Does it have energy?”
“Yeah.”
“Is it alive?”
“Yeah!” Fucner chuckles with evil.
Cumi frowns. “It betta not be a live…”
“…spider like ya gave me. Good thing! It was dead, my lovely. Ya know there’re biting poisonous brown recluse spiders around here. One fanged bite spreads their venom eating away your healthy muscle tissue unless properly treated by a medical doctor.”
She smiles. “I got a PhD. Ya know a doctor who can fix ya right up, buddy…,” giggles and flirts becoming more relaxed and comfortable with him.
He smiles. “Like ya fixed yourself right up with the five hundred million dollars.”
“I didn’t embezzle the money,” she frowns.
He circles her chair, watching her body language. “I work for the IRS, my lovely for many, many years learning, growing, and changing with the invisible two hands of the computer financial technology, of course. The invention of the Internet and the growth of US Federal grants in the form of free money. My beauty, the temptation is too great and too easy to pass up for one smart PhD.”
She frowns. “I did not embezzle the five hundred million dollars.”
He circles the chair, sweet breathing onto her hair roots. “I work in the IT Division of the IRS office creating and building computer software programs. I can link like magic a bank account to a second bank account passing the security protocols with ease, because I’m both a smartie and a smart-ass, without the PhD.”
“I do not have the five hundred million dollars. I don’t wanna play, anymore,” she rattles the handcuffs.
He exhales. “I’m done with the interrogation. I’m placing my physical object into your hands. Open your fingers.”
She jerks her hands towards her breasts, shaking her curls. “It’s not a live insect.”
“I promise, my lovely. I’m not vicious like you. I’m placing a very gently object, very tenderly like holding a precious baby,” he leans over her hair roots watching her body language.
She taps his object, frowning with puzzlement. “I feel a pulse.”
He smiles. “Guess my physical object?”
She rubs his object, frowning with confusion. “It is soft, firm, short, and heated. Hmm!”
“Come on, Cumi! Guess it!” he smiles.
“Gimme a second! It feels like…like…,” Cumi frowns, when a hand attacks her blindfold. He jerks the cloth from her eyeballs as she sees the object. She screams holding the object. “Gawd…on gawd…on gawd…o…”
“My penis.” Fucner snorts, grinning. He stands in front of her face wearing the T-shirt with the words IRS over his chest but naked from his pelvis down to his shins. Fucner has dropped the black shorts and white underwear down around the ankles, wearing his socks and sneakers. Cumi scans his nakedness dropping her mouth while breathing oxygen rapidly. He can’t move his penis from her cuffed hands, without breaking the delightful sensation and fun experiment of his clever ploy. He smiles, grinning. “You’re having a panic attack, doll. That’s normal for seeing a manly dick for the first time, ever. Breath in! Breathe out. Do ya want some water, my pet?”
“Don’t…touch…me…,” studies his penis.
“Actually, you’re touching me and it is very nice!” he tosses his skull backwards, singing. “O…aw…o…aw,” laughs then views her, winking.
“Get…it…off,” she exhales.
“Hold your breath! That stops your heart from racing out of the rib cage.” He smiles as she gulps the air. He chuckles. “Good! It works, now, release the air slowly until your cheeks deflate then breathe in one single puff, more slowly.”
“No…,” she exhales and stares his penis. “Release me!”
“You didn’t guess my physical object. Say it!” He grins, not moving his stance, enjoying her soft fingers twirling and swirling around his penis.
She yells, staring at his penis. “Take the cuffs off me.”
He chuckles. “I like it here. Well, my penis seems to like it here more.”
“Get away from me,” she pulls her hands from his penis, but the handcuffs twist around her wrists. Her wrists interlock with his expanding penis. Fucner is getting sexual excited with her twisting fingers as she groans with fury and fear, being her first penis massage.
He chuckles. “Since we three are all acquainted, I think we have some free time to perform a clinical trial…”
“…on what…,” she stares at his penis.
“…on penises. Okay! One penis, unless you got a hidden secret that I really need to know about Cumi.”
“Fuck you, Fucner!” she frowns at him.
“…yeah, maybe after the clinical final trial, my pet,” chuckles. “Measuring a penis size is pretty simple, I prefer the Bone Pressed Method. Ya take a hand and then press it against the male’s public bone, firmly. Every guy has some fatty tissue round the bone. Ya know fat can actually hide the length of a truly big sized penis, my lovely…” grins at her hair roots.
She stares at his penis, exhaling. “Release me.”
He smiles. “Let me help ya there, my pet. Since this is your first time involving a penis clinical trial.” He presses her right middle finger to the bottom of his penis then holds her right palm against his soft sperm-leaking, sticky pulsing organ.
She feels the heat, the softness, the firmness, the live pulse, the wetness, and a tall bone from his fully extended penis erection as he tosses backwards his skull, closing his eyelids, grunting. She stares at his penis and says with fury. “Stop that! Remove the cuffs.”
He shifts her fingers. “Next, press your hand against the base of my bone. Feel it! Okay! Well, I can feel it then mark my penis erection which is the length from your middle finger going pass your wrist bone. Wow, my beauty! That’s meant for you, not my beautiful dick. That’s long. I mean, I be long,” winks at her. “That’s what eight inches, my lovely.” He holds her hand hostage against the length of his dick. Her finger pads twitch and tickle the soft flesh making him giggle and grin.
“Remove the cuffs,” she stares at his dick.
He studies his dick, “Not more than eight inches, I’m sorry to disappoint, my lovely. But there are male penis enhancement programs. We’ll work together on one of the latest method. Right, my pet?”
“Stop calling me those silly names and stop touching me, asswipe,” she exhales saying with fury, not being able to release his dick from her handcuffed hands.
“I be bodybuilding my family treasure like measuring your growth height. Ya know when ya were a little kid measured by the math numbers on your parents’ living room door frame.”
“Now! Fucner!” she studies his penis.
His penis is a nice peachy-tone cylinder shape bouncing up and down with anticipated excitement. He chuckles over her hair roots. “I’m very excited just ignore the visual bubbling of a super heated human volcano, Cumi. I usually handle the technique my selfie for my past penis clinical trials, but you’re sitting right here next to my penis. We don’t have anything else to do for the rest of the night, since the damn TV is broken. So we advance to the next step of the penis clinical trial. Let’s measure my girth. Ya know I like to update the penis chart on my cell…,” drops his mobile telephone from his armpit into his open palm. He removes the hand from his dick wiping the leaking sperm on his shirt then swipes the phone on playing with the penis application.
Cumi moans. “Gawd! I’m a victim of abused freakiness. Release me, Fucner!”
He reads his mobile telephone accessing the Internet information. “Gently wrap your index finger and thumb pad around the thickest part of my penis marking it by touching both of your finger pads, together. That’s it, my beauty.” He leads her right hand over the top of his penis then glides her index finger over the bubbling liquid. He curves her thumb pad around into a circle. Cumi feels the softness and firmness pulsing from the flesh beast within the sensory nerves of her two finger pads. She says with fury. “Stop!”
He grins holding her finger anchored on the thickness of his dick. “O that feels so good, too. Whoa! And lookie there, ya can’t even touch your two finger pads into a completed circle. Man, I’ve growth into superman, the man of soft steel. Ya like my good humor, my pet.” He lifts her hand from his penis, smiling at Cumi. “Let’s imitate that incomplete circle stretching your index finger and thumb pad, so I can calculate my EG. That’s Erect Girth. I’ve to use the cell screen near your semi-circular shape measuring the visual image and then snapping a cell phone picture,” grins.
“Remove the cuffs,” she says in fury watching him have too much fucking fun at her trapped expense.
He smiles. “Now! The fun part, an average guy’s erection has a penis length of 5.5 to 6.3 inches. I’m definitely an overachiever eight inches, my lovely. I read that less than two percent of all guys are eight inches or longer,” winks at her. “Now! The girth range is between 4.5 to 5.1 inches…,” he hums and works the calculations on the tiny screen, smiling. “I be 1.7 inches based loosely on your slender finger ruler. 1.7 divided by 3.14 equals 5.414 inches out of the Rogers Dodger Ball Park, my beauty,” winks at her. “You are definitely a very good luck charm for me, my pet.”
“Release me, now…,” growls Cumi.
“We’ve finished the penis clinical trial. All our gathered and collected penis information is important for ordering my condoms determining which is best for usage latex or polyurethane or lambskin. I’m always in a quest to find that perfect condom….,” winks.
“Remove the cuffs.”
“…to fit my perfectly sized penis.”
“Now, Fucner!”
“If the condoms are too big then they fall right off. And the ones too small they can break. Since I’m so dang big at eight inches, my beauty. Walruses are the largest pinniped, not pimped. ‘Pinni’ means that a walrus can walk on its fins like a man on his legs with the biggest dangest penis in the mammal world. Unbelievable, ain’t it?”
“Remove the cuffs.”
“Ya know Almighty God made a man’s average penis to fit nicely into a woman’s average depth of a vagina about six inches. We should conduct a new clinical field trail to gather, measure, and collect your vagina depth for safety…,” he smiles.
“Now, Fucner!”
He exhales, studying his penis. “Now! Ya did it. My big penis is shrinking before my very eyes. That’s because it’s cold inside this little cabin. But I bet ya can warm me up, Cumi. Come on, Cumi! Come on, babe!”
She growls. “Untie me, now!”
Fucner back steps from her, pulling up his clothes. He swings around walking to the table grabbing the key. He pivots, smiling. “Shore, my lovely. You’ll been a dream helping me with my penis clinical trial. I learned from a few past clinical trials that swimming always makes my penis shrink. Ya like to swim, my lovely?” He advances to her when Cumi holds out her wrists.  He grins and unlocks the cuffs letting them fall into his hand. She dashes towards the hallway. He spins and views her ass, saying. “Penises can vary in measurement due to stress, fatigue, frequency of sexual activity and arousal levels..,” she disappears into the darkness. He laughs. “Remember to wash your dirty sticky stinky hands of sperm magic, dear. Comb your pretty long hair, honey. Brush your food stained teeth from eating your oatmeal cookie, sugar. And make the bed, after your cat nap, sweetheart,” he walks into the kitchen setting up the pans and pots for supper. He can cook and likes to eat maybe she wants to eat, too. He hums a musical tune.

One hour, later.
Cumi stomps from the hallway sitting at the table. She eats the supper provided by Fucner.
He studies her. “Your hair?”
“I washed it.”
“It’s curly and free. Ya place all them gooey hair gels onto your locks since your hair before was slicked down like a gangster.”
“It’s a requirement by Dr. Munsterberg that all the female staff look like a set of drilled dancers with matching outfits and hair buns so’s not to scare the children. They are traumatized enough seeing the big ugly room and bigger machine that’s going to burn their precious skin.”
“Gotta.”
They finish the meal in silence.
Fucner stands and clears the table of the dirty dishes, being a good housekeeper. He sits at the table when she eats the dessert. He smiles. “Ya wanna play some cards. Go Fish? Gin Rummy? Hearts? Poker? Know how to play poker?” He stares at her T-shirt under a pair of scrub pants probably with her sexy pink lace panties, since Cumi is a precious virgin smelling of sweet honeysuckles and acts like sweetness.
“No.”
He pouts. “Well, that leaves Strip Poker off my play list…,” chuckles. “How about some Black Jack 21? Ya know that easy number card game. Can ya count up to 21, my lovely?”
“No.”
He slams the new pack of playing cards onto the table. He opens the playing cards then shuffles the cards. He exposes the top card of the card stack near his chest then the second card beside her elbow then repeats with a second card, hidden. She chews on her dessert studying the bare wall. He flips the cards. “I pulled a Six of Diamonds, a Nine of Clubs for me; a Seven of Hearts and a King of Diamonds for you. It be real easy, my beauty. You pull two cards from the deck stack and then who gets closest to the number 21, wins. Your two cards add to the math number of seventeen, so you win. See my pet, you’re on a roll,” laughs.
She chews. “Roll of tissue paper with puke green pookie dookie.”
“Ya still mad about my…,” chuckles and scoops up the cards discharging them to his right side.
“No.”
“….object of your sting. Ya can come and sting me at a game of 21. Get me back!”
“No.”
“Did ya play the card game of Strip Poker as a mischievous teen, my pet?”
“No.”
“I’ll show ya my panties, but they ain’t pink, my lovely.”
“No.”
“How about I make the stakes better for you than me?”
“No.”
“How about I happen to lose ya on the way to the International flight to Switzerland….,” grins Fucner as Cumi drops her mouth. He nods. “The Birmingham Airport is massive. We be in different seats, since we travel on the same flight. They won’t know that you be missing until the plane lands in a foreign country, far away from the USA,” taps on the new set of poker cards. He winks. “I mean it’s a thirty-three percent chance that ya stole all that $500 million. Right, my beauty?”
Cumi narrows her eyelashes at him. “Do you really promise if I win the strip poker match then you will purposefully lose me at the Birmingham Airport Terminal on Monday morning at seven am?”
He stands removing his shirt. “Fair and square! But you honestly got to win the game of Black Jack 21. No extra points. No giveaways. No substitution of cards. Agreed?”
She scans his clothes: jeans, underwear, socks, and sneakers, a total of six bidding items for stripping his body into total nakedness losing the match to her. She smoothes both hands over her clothing items down to her kneecaps consisting of two layers of clothing outfits. The outer layer is the required prisoner’s garb of a white T-shirt and a pair of white short. She wasn’t given a pair of black socks or sneakers matching his. She wears the required medical uniform, consisting of a black scrub top over a black turtle neck cotton shirt and a bra, since the room temperature inside the medical department is set at freezing to kill all the bad germ bugs for the auto-immune cancer kids and adults. Cumi wears her white panties under her scrub pants, so she possesses eleven items to his seven items composing 64% of the total wardrobe between them.
The odds are in her favor as she slams both palms, nods and grins.
He smiles. “Excellent, my pet. There are 52 regular playing cards with two jokers. I called the jokers the ‘wild cards,’ so that makes 54 total cards. I will allow the jokers to represent any math number you need to add up to the math total of 21. But you can’t go over the math number of 21 or ya lose the game and a piece of clothing. Ya agree?”
She studies the exposed card eager to finish the short poker game for freedom. With 54 playing cards, there will be two or three combinations of individual cards making up the total math number of 21. Fucner has pulled four cards from the original 54-stack, so there are 50-cards left to determine a winner. If each match uses four cards for two players then there will be twelve more rounds as she softly whispers. “Yes.”
Fucner smiles. “Normally, a dealer deals out the individual playing cards. Since there’s a life on the line I’ll allow you to touch and draw your own set of 21 showing fairness and honestly. And since this is going to be relative short and fast, we will each lay the card face up for all eyes to absorb making for a more intriguing battle. Right, my pet? Ya agree?”
“Yes.”
“And…,” smiles Fucner.
She frowns. “How many rules are you going to make up, Fucner?”
“A really fun one, if the card player displays a perfect math number of 21 then two pieces of the clothing articles is stripped. Ya agree?”
She views the exposed card. “Yes. Let’s play!”
He smiles. “Excellent, my pet. The winner of last hand gets the next draw on the top card in the playing stack. You won the last hand. So, go fishy with your sticky fingers,” watches her body language.
She reaches and flips the top card from the deck then lands it down. She displays a Two of Spades, a Six of Hearts, and a five of Clubs. “Hold ‘em,” giggles.
He smiles. “A deuce, a sex card, and a fever card.”
She exhales, frowning with annoyance. “Do you have to sling slang the playing card names, instead of reading the math numbers like a normal person.”
“Yeah.” He draws a Ten of Diamonds and an Ace of Hearts. “T and a pig’s eyeball equal 21. Remove two items of your clothing, doll…,” smiles.
She stands then wiggles off the white shorts down her black scrub pants, without exposing her girly panties, sniggers. He frowns in frustration. She lifts then drops it on top of his shirt. She slowly peels off her white shirt tossing into the pile, smiling. “Pig’s eye. An ace is properly called a ‘pig’s eyeball.’”
He pouts. “Hmm! I be playing with a card shark,” smiles.
She winks. “A card humpback whale, honey.”
He draws his cards. 8, 2, 4, 4 = 18. “Eighteen, my pet.”
She draws her cards. Q, 3, 5 = 18. “A tie…,” smiles.
He says. “No tie. We each draw one card adding to our current total math number of 18. The hand that doesn’t bust wins the match. Ya agree?”
He reaches wiggling his fingers over the next top card when she slaps his hand down to the wood. She frowns. “Naw, doll! I don’t agree. It is a tie like in a sporting game. No one loses. No one wins. No clothes are coming off our bodies.” She smiles as he nods. “Discharge these cards, please! Then it is your draw, cowboy.”
He discharges the used cards then flips new cards. 3,7, 6 = 16. He smiles. “Sixteen.
She smiles. “Draw, again.”
He shakes his skull. “Naw. I take my odds that you can’t beat that.”
She draws her cards. Q, 2, 2, 3 = 17. “A queen in the poker game of cards equals the value of the math number ten. I win.”
He exhales flipping off his diving watch from his wrist as Cumi frowns. She hasn’t thought of non-fabric items loosely attached on her body. She doesn’t wear a set of earrings, since her earlobes are not pieced which would have given her a bigger advantage in the one-time Black Jack 21 game for her freedom of jail. He sneers. “Fine! Let’s double the pleasure.”
“No.”
He smiles. “There are four Jokers within the remaining stack of playing cards. If ya get really lucky drawing a Joke which I have mentioned before can represent any number between one to twenty to win the match game, then four pieces of clothing are stripped from your nakedness cute little body,” grunts when she studies the wall. The poker game will be shortened in time, but the odds are lowered for her, since there are four Jokers up for grabs. Cumi slices her eyelashes back to a smiling Fucner, nodding. “Draw your card…,” says Fucner.

Ten minutes, later.
She draws her cards. “Six of hearts and Ace of Clubs.”
He draws his cards. “Jack of Clubs, Ace of clubs. Yee-haw! Another win to me, take it off, doll.”
She stands removing her two sneakers then tosses into the growing pile of clothing. Cumi sits and draws her cards. Q, 2 = 12.
He draws his cards. 5,7, J =22. “Damn!” Fucner sniggers and stands removing his trousers embarrassing her more than him.
She draws her cards. 4,4,5,5 = 18.
He draws his cards. K, J = 21. Fucner chuckles. “A cowboy and Joker. Take it all off cowgirl! Yee-haw! The last four items hiding your naked cuteness your scrub top, your scrub pants, your bra, and drum roll, your panties,” stands and dances. She reaches and touches the next card. He stops swirling then viciously slaps her hand. “What’da ya doing, my lovely? Four items, pronto.”
She smiles. “If I pull the first top two cards from the stack and it matches the number 21 since there’s one more Joker left. Then it’s a draw. No one wins….,” nods.
He frowns. “Naw, my pet! That changes the rules of the poker game.”
“And if the two cards do not equal the exact math number 21 then the rule still applies. I am required to strip off four items from my cuteness. How about that, sir?” she giggles.
“Well, seeing that ya can’t get mad at me for losing then stomping your pretty throng out that locked puke green metal door towards my pick-up truck, hot wiring and stealing it. Well, okay! But no more changing the VIP single rule.” She draws the top card slapping down an Ace of Spades. He stares at her pretty eyeballs. “Death card…,” then looks at the deck. She drags the card face down then whips it to her face. She smiles when he frowns and shakes his skull. “What’s it? It can’t be the fucking Joker. Hell, naw! No, sir!” She slams down a Nine of Diamonds next to an Ace of Spades. He smirks. “Ya got a 20, not a 21, my lovely. Now, remove four articles of clothing, since I drew a 21 and won the match.” She nods slides off her pants when he chuckles. She wiggles out of her turtleneck, standing in her bra and throng. He grins. “Come on, Cumi. Pay off and take off.” She smiles ripping off her right eyelash then her left eyelash. He frowns at the two deformed black eyelashes on the table. “Fff…,” laughs. “A false eyelash…a false eyelash. Ya got me with a pair of false eyelashes. You’re very good, my beauty. Two more games then I win.”
“Or one more game, I win,” she sits.
He stands in his boxer underwear flipping then slamming the card on the table. “Joker…,” smiles. “I win. Lose it, my lovely. Gimme me, I want to feel your silky pink throng between my fingers.”
“Fuck you, Fucner!” she back steps from the table folding both arms under her armpits then twirls towards the long sofa, sitting. She views the wall, sobbing and crying.
Fucner sits next to her, not touching her. “I sorry. You win.”
She softly says between the tears. “I don’t have a daddy or a mama. I’m alone in the big world, since they died and passed to heaven, without me. I still feel the grief when my parents both committed suicide shortly after my graduation of college shaping my personality for the rest of my remaining days on earth angry for losing the bond of love. Numb for losing the touch of love. Isolation for losing the kindness. Empathy affection feels of love. Instead I store the deep rage and torment suppressing my wants, my needs, my desires. My fears of abandonment, emptiness, loneliness, enabling to live without my kind and tender-hearted parents is unbearable like losing my sense of selfie.”
He exhales, saying. “I’m sensing a hurdle in your emotion flower bed of pretty yellow weeds. Ya can be open and honest with me. I have been observing you and you are definitely normal.”
She sobs with regret and distress. “I didn’t embezzle the money. I didn’t do anything wrong. I did upload the money using the computer software from the Vaughn Moody Foundation, not my job just my computer programming talent skills. Now, I’m going to spend the rest of days in a cold gray jail cell for doing my job right.”
“Hmm!”
“Who am I? Not a thief. Where am I? Not a prison.”
He nods getting the wrong confession. “Was it a failed relationship? Naw. A childhood hurt? Naw. A medical problem? Naw. An emotion conflict? Maybe?” 
She sobs. “My parents died when I was twenty-one completing my education, starting a career, trying to establish a love relationship.”
He exhales hugging her. “You need some TLC. Stand!” He stands assisting her.
They walk down the hallway.

Master bedroom.
His nakedness lies upon her nakedness between the bed sheets. She holds the bed linen. “Are sex and intimacy different?”
He caresses her soft cheek, smiling. “Hmm! In a traditional relation of a boy and a girl sex comes with the long-term commitment along with roses and candy, maybe a flashy gem. In the traditional marriage, sex creates an intimate connection between husband and wife usually leading to procreate…ya know…a baby that looks like you. Intimacy is the heart of a relationship feeling the unlimited freedom to fuck on the sofa or fart in your face making it your emotional state of mind. Sex is physical act and a loving act for a wife of her husband or the husband of her wife,” he guides his finger down her throat when she shakes. He smiles. “You’re tense that hinders your energy flow and locks up that explosive orgasm which ya will want to feel. No steel chains or leather whips, I promise. I don’t like painful sex only pleasurable sex,” she gasps when he chuckles. “You’re so cute when shocked,” kisses her face. “We’re going to do it doggie style.
The metal door bongs with two loud knocks.
He views the hallway. “Who the fuck…”
“Fucner…”
He slides off the bed, viewing her. “Stay here! I’ll coming right back.”
She slides off the bed gathering her scrubs. “Is it a raid?”
He slips on his trousers. “A bug parade, wished I had a can of bug spray the size of dump truck…,” frowns with fury disturbing his fuck fest with the virgin. He gallops down the dull hallway then catches the cracked door. He holds it blocking the un-welcomed company. He says with puzzlement as the people enter the room. “Gay, Gray, Moody, Morgan in proper walking alphabetic order, can’t this fucking wait until sunrise on Monday morning?”
“It’s now on a Friday night. Get out of way, Fucner. Did ya fix supper? I’m hunger.” Gray winks at a semi-nude Fucner.
“Mr. Moody is behind me. He has made a very big mistake.” Gay hugs the little girl, smiling at Fucner.
“What the fuck…,” Moody enters and scans Fucner.
Fucner chuckles. “Fucner, my last name is Fucner, Rector.”
Morgan walks to the table studying the pile of clothes and scattered playing cards then views Fucner. “Naked feet. Bra. Panties. Playing cards…,” chuckles.
Gay smiles at Fucner. “Do not try to explain. I do not want to know, ever.”
“Mama…,” the little girl raises her hands when more children, parents, and co-workers of Cumi enter the log cabin.
Gay hugs her child, smiling. “Yes, sweetie.”
The girl raises the objects, frowning with frustration. “My big shiny rock fall out of my princess crown.”
Gay smiles and pats her daughter’s hair. She nods at Fucner. “She won the Little Miss Starlit Pageant about fifteen minutes ago at the Von Brown Center.”
Fucner studies the little girl trying to be a nice pissed-off horny bachelor. “Congratulations, honey!”
Gay studies the object. “Say thank you, sir! Let me see the crown, sweetheart. I don’t know if Mama can fix this, sweetheart.”
“Let me look at it, Gay.” Fucner extends his hand studying the crown. It is an oversized triangle-shaped tiara of silver rhinestones missing the big shiny rhinestone. “And if I fix it, will your assets leave my log cabin, immediately?”
“Yes, Fucner. We’re only present to hear Mr. Moody’s explanation about the money.” Gay smiles and hugs her child.
Moody orders. “Fucner, I want my CD back. The one confiscated from Dr. Munsterberg’s hospital office for the wrong crime,” views Cumi. She stands near the kitchen. He nods. “I am truly sorry, young lady. An error has been discovered, an electronic transfer software malfunction sending my money directly to another Charity Foundation’s bank account like magic. I must present the flawed computer CD to the bank for retrieving and returning my money.”
Fucner nods studying the crown. “Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Alright. I can fix this with some crazy glue,” spins to the kitchen. “Fuck! I’ll get the CD, first then fix the princess crown,” smiles and leans into Cumi then whispers. “I’ll make them all disappear in three point zero seconds then we can start our fun…,” chuckles. He spins into the boy, frowning.
The boy dances around Fucner. “Hey, Daddy! Can I explore down the hallway?”
Fucner exhales viewing the children then Morgan. He frowns with annoyance. “Family picnic?”
Morgan cringes then nods. “Sorry, Fucner! I told my kids about the old gangster hideout, only one in Birmingham, ya know.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Two point zero minutes, Morgan.” Fucner steps into the darkness with only moonlight guiding his naked feet on the cool dirt running to Moody’s black-tinted limousine. The limousine is parked parallel next to the log cabin blocking his pick-up truck. “Fuck.” he back pedals, two-stepping towards the left between Gray’s SUV and the limo. He walks down the two long rows of metal turning right then cutting back left away from the vehicles.
He had parked the truck far away from the log cabin pissing off Cumi and her piss-poor attitude. But he has ended up pissing off his own balls, since his co-workers occupy the empty dirt of flat tabletop bluff.
Fucner reaches and jerks the door handle scratching around the glove compartment. He finds the metal CD, the paper letter, the flashlight and the handgun. He jerks and tears the letter. “Fuck!” Papers float then fall from the bench seating onto the dirt. “Fuck!” He squats and gathers the papers stuffing them into the tiny glove compartment. He slams the door shut then spins towards the closed door of the log cabin. He pats his jeans for a key. “Fuck! Somebody closed the damn door. Gay has the key for opening the puck green metal from the outside. Fuck!” He snaps his fingers. “There’s an emergency key inside the glove compartment of the truck in case of a stupid horny male gets locked out of the log cabin before his fun,” snorts.
He opens the truck door when his mobile telephone rings. He swishes it into activation, hearing.
Moody says via the mobile telephone. “I am sorry. I am here to apologize to the medical staff of Birmingham Hospital Radiation Oncology Department. I made a grave mistake. I discovered that the $500 million of the Vaughn Moody Foundation has been received by the correct financial party…”
Fucner tosses all the objects from the glove compartment scratching around for the door key to the log cabin when he falls forward into leather seating. He feels a vibration of an earthquake rock the dirt under his naked feet when the door bangs into his back muscles almost knocking his teeth down his throat. He stands slamming the truck door from his ass then hears the rumble of a thunder storm.
He feels the dirt quake for a second time.
Fucner wobbles then falls on the dirt partly underneath the pickup truck. The truck shakes side to side when he crawls from the truck scanning the bouncing tires.
He stands and scratches his sweaty forehead, viewing the skyline. He ponders the geomagnetic disturbance in the atmosphere from the full moon. He spins and stomps towards the door then hears a set of loud booms implode from the log cabin. Pieces of logs, glass, metal and other deadly pieces bombard his body when he stumbles down to the ground.
Fucner passes into darkness.


The second e-novel the Starlit Series is…Miss Starlit.
