Miss Starlit


ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Twenty months ago
Sunday evening. limo. Interstate-20. east. Birmingham. Alabama. August 13. 88°F. 95% humidity. 4:00pm. sunny day. 

Mary Margaret fidgets using her satin glove at a bow. The bow taps between a naked throat and two slightly exposed pale breasts on an off-the-shoulder dress with three sets of lacey ruffle, circling around her pale shoulders. The lacey ruffles tickles her bare back muscles inside a beautifully itchy antebellum dress in emerald green satin lovely covering the entire rear bench of the limousine. She travels to a new school in the small town of Leed, Alabama. The antebellum skirt bellows from her waist line down to the floor covering both legs and naked toes hiding a pair of four-inched leather strapped summer sandals. In a standing position the antebellum skirt spreads outwards into a three-foot diameter circle. Mary Margaret has been sitting for twenty minutes being picked up at her home in Birmingham. She currently views the landscape listening to her mama lecture about the charms of a southern belle.
Her mama sounds with Mary Margaret’s voice. “Be courtesy. Be natural as much as you can,” pats the plantation dress with both gloves looks like a princess but lectures like a professor. “For you attitude, be happy!” Mary Margaret stares at her daddy with both love and envy since he wears a comfortable jacket, shirt, blue jeans, and his favorite black and white python-skinned cowboy boots…(hers too)…He smiles and nods in rhyme with her mama’s lecture.
Mary Margaret has been accepted and will be attending Antebellum House carrying on their family tradition and their family name of Cantwell.
Mary Margaret inquires. “I am happy, Mama. But I don’t understand why I have to come to this particular post-graduation college. I was accepted into a regular Bama state school at Birmingham University on a full academic scholarship,” views him. “Daddy?” He smiles at Mary Margaret.
Her mama says. “Do not let anyone bring you down, Mary Margaret. Life is not about wasting time on one single thing. Enjoy your life whilest a young girl. My baby girl is going to Antebellum House. We’re so proud, honey bunny. Also be kind to everyone. If another belle is rude then you as the bigger belle are to be nicer. No matter, a belle says something rude to you then she will know that you will be the nicer one. Okay, sweetheart? Do my words ease your nervousness, sugar?” Mary Margaret smiles and nods.
Her mama’s words startle and start up her nervousness, being forced to attend a new unfamiliar post-graduate institution, without any of her friends from her High School. Out of the baby freaking blue skies of Alabama, without any warning, she has gotten plopped into Antebellum House. She exhales and views the landscape.

Antebellum House.
The limo slows then rolls to a halt. A doorman glides to the limo window opening the wide door as Mary Margaret scoots across the leather. She grabs her skirt with the left hand and the male’s forearm with her right glove. She stumbles out into bright sunlight tripping on her fluffy plantation dress then recovers beautifully with the assistance of the doorman. A young maid holds the train of Mary Margaret’s dress stomping forwards towards the flat sidewalk.
She stands like a gorgeous belle as the skirt bellows gently around her waist and naked toes. Her legs lovingly feel the silky slip skirt holding off the set of prickly crinolines under the ball gown making the skirt bloom outward like a rose. Her emerald eyeballs stare at the suspended two horse-drawn yellow-painted open-carriage feeling like princess.
The carriage is designed for private elegance tarrying them to the front steps of Antebellum House as she swings then sees the pink-colored structure. She looks behind her collar bone at the parade of rainbow-colored door-less carriages ranging from pure white to baby blue to candy pink to fire engine red to midnight black. All the new students and their parents tarry to the building for the traditional orientation session.
A young footman with a bright smile under his white cowboy hat and a gray cotton jacket extends his brown glove signaling Mary Margaret to enter the carriage, first. She waddles and drags the train of the satin dress, since it lounges lazy three feet behind her ass. She stops in front of the two-foot step ladder when he lifts Mary Margaret over the lip of the carriage bucket. Mary Margaret tumbles toward the bench seat on the left accidentally, since she really wants to sit on the right facing the world. She snorts and scoots into the middle of the bench spreading the dress back into beauty form. Her mama and daddy sit across from her like Mary Margaret’s first day as a first-grader.
A smiling coachman nods his cowboy hat at the footman sitting on an elevated bench in front of the carriage bucket then whips the reins as the carriage jolts into a slow pace. Mary Margaret faces backward enjoying a pretty view, smiling with both excitement and intrigue of her first day of college at a new institution.
The landscape consists of tall dark green oaks, light green maples, yellow pines, and red cedar trees, short stubby light and dark green shrubs, hundreds of colorful wild red roses, blue azaleas, orange camellias, yellow daisies, pink petunias, and other flowers. Three rows of gold pear trees, garnet plum trees, and crab apple trees stand between the natural forest and patches of red strawberries, green shelled watermelons, and rows of colorful yellow, orange, and red vegetables.
Two horses slowly plow down the gravel road following behind the cute footman who leads upon his horse, when her mama opens her parasol blocking the hot heat from her face. Her mama nods for Mary Margaret to copy-cat the southern belle movement, since the day burns in 90-degrees of heated August in hot Alabama. Mary Margaret sweats around her ears, lips, and breasts. She pops open the silk fan like a pro with a practiced left glove swishing it back and forth like an electric fan under the parasol while hoping the horses are hungry for their sweet feed lunch.
They slowly trot then stops behind the hot pink-colored carriage releasing a queen-sized teen matching her queen-sized mama’s weight and her king-sized daddy’s height.
Mary Margaret’s carriage bordering along side an array of colorful flowers traveling around the west and east corners of Antebellum House. The footman stands next to the step ladder. Her Mama nods when Mary Margaret jerks the parasol closed slapping the leather strand into her left hand. Mary Margaret places the folded fan back into the pretty little drawstring satin pouch hanging from her left wrist. She grabs his glove when he lifts her out of the carriage making Mary Margaret giggle with a girly thoughts.
She stands facing the massive building. It is a gigantic three-story Greek-revival style antebellum building with six Doric columns traveling non-stop into the blue skyline then slap back down into the gray-colored concrete front porch with a big square hole in the middle of the building, where a set of double entrance doors should be. Weird!
Antebellum House is colored in light pink granite mineral gleaming like her mama’s eight-carat diamond ring. There are no hand railings lining the elevated front porch for you to fall and break an arm on the first level. There are two separate sets of walking steps built perpendicular into the foundation leading directly onto the front porch drawing you towards the big hole in the middle of the building. The big hole is open tunneling straight from the front entrance to rear exit down the middle of the building. Really weird!
The footman glides Mary Margaret left when her mama joins Mary Margaret on her right. Her daddy is next his wife then whispers into the cowboy hat of a new tall male who is dressed like the footman and coachman in a gray jacket, a white shirt, blue jeans, and comfortable cowboy boots.
The new male faces the big hole, shouting. “Greetings to Miss Mary Margaret, her great-great Granddaddy Cantwell served in the 12th Alabama Artillery Regiment.”
 Her mama whispers. “Go to your left.”
Mary Margaret recalled from the lecture inside the limo. In the Old South, men and women did not walk side-by-side as a married or a single couple when entering a public or private establishment. They had to split-up like a divorced angry couple, so if a white ankle bone of the southern lady happened to show under her plantation dress then the wandering eyeball of the gawking southern rogue would not see it.
Mary Margaret giggles and jerks the dress and crinolines up to her kneecaps leading a parade of other colorful plantation dresses, stomping up the steps then stops. She sweats in the Alabama heat then slaps the parasol open over her black hair bun then slaps the fan open killing the pretend flies buzzing around her narrowed eyelashes.
The female in a pretty straw hat with a pale coral-colored big bow in the rear swings and smiles to Mary Margaret. She wears matching honey skin tone complexion and honey-colored blonde hair. “I’m Emma.”
“I am Mary Margaret…,” she smiles.
A hostess appears wearing an off-the-shoulder baby blue three-tiered plantation dress whispers to Emma’s daddy. “Follow her.” They scoot under the cool front portico heading into the welcomed shade.
Mary Margaret swings to her mama, frowning with confusion. “Mama, why do we dress like this getting all hot and bothered in the heated August sun?”
Her mama whispers and smiles. “This is the fun part, an old-fashion tradition at Antebellum House, dear. We all get to dress in formal wear to honor our ancestors.”
Mary Margaret exhales swinging to the cool shade of the front porch, whispers. “My ancestors are all dead and buried.”
A new hostess: yellow ball gown, elbow-length gloves, and pearls. She wears a pearl forehead halo across her forehead. She smiles. “I’m Chloe. I am new here, too. Some of the other hostesses are older than us, we are friends, now. Right?”
She smiles. “Yes. We are friends. I am Mary Margaret. These are my parents Mrs. and Mr. Cantwell from Birmingham,” she doesn’t finger her parents but nods her chin like a good belle.
Chloe says. “Welcome, Miss Mary Margaret. Here at Antebellum House all females are known as Miss Somebody. So ya need to get used to the formal titles,” grabs Mary Margaret’s forearm two-stepping her parents. They waddle towards front porch with Mr. and Mrs. Cantwell walking behind them. Chloe says. “This is the portico or porch. There will be lots of new words for you to use here at Antebellum House.” Mary Margaret slows and surveys the entire porch. The porch is built from the west to east directional points containing ten rocking chairs and four porch swings holding two-people hostile and cozy for fun. She smiles and giggles with amusement.
They stand inside the first doorway on the right side of the tunnel. The archway is wide enough for a pair of belle plantation gowns to stand and observe as Chloe says, not fingering the room. It is very rude for a southern belle to point anything. “This is called a parlour room built specifically for the belles after suppertime is finished. We can chat, gossip, and relax before our assigned bedtime hours. It also serves as a reception room in case of visiting company which is rare, since your parents have placed you here on purpose. Your parents are not allowed to visit during the academic period like a prison. But you can return home during the holiday breaks,” nods then back steps from archway. She nods at the room. “Across the hallway is a parlour room for the beaus, back then during the Civil War days…,” exhales. “No big deal, now. No boys are allowed to stay and study as student here at Antebellum House.”
Mary Margaret smiles and whispers. “I know that,” studies the beaus parlour room. The space is painted in baby blue on one-third of the lower wall. The other two-thirds is stark white paint, since Southerns like to paint a room two-toned for some dang reason.
Chloe veers them down the windy breezeway serving as an open hallway composed of tall windows on each side from the roof rafters down to the wooden baseboards. The breezeway holds an assortment of various wooden styled rocking chairs.
Mary Margaret recalled from her mama’s lecture inside the limo. During the Antebellum-period a window pane was built almost touching the flooring of a room offering a new type of air-conditioning system, as well as, providing a second door entrance point into the space used by both people and animals running and playing loose around the cotton plantation.
Chloe pulls Mary Margaret right into a new archway. “This is called the library. There are individual writing desks loaded with modern-day computer laptops like inside your private bedroom suite accessing the Internet. We are a first-rate country, not a third-world country. Belles come here to study or complete their daily school assignments, since the room holds over 2,000 books ranging from entertainment novels of adventure, romance, mystery, and murder to World History, British English Literature, American Geography, and other academic text reference books for schooling.”
“It’s really brightly lit even with the dark walnut paneling. I can see all types of book stacks.” Mary Margaret smiles and studies the room.
Three of the walls hold a set of built-in black walnut book shelves. Each shelf beautifully exposes thousands of colorful binders. The writing desks haphazardly are scattered around the room under bright rows of reading lights. The south wall is composed of four low-setting ceiling to floor glass windows covered in a set of non-matching fabric curtains. You can see pockets of light green paint on the walls seriously clashing with the non-matching funny patterns of the window treatments.
The writing desks inside the library are groups of matching furniture styles like the mis-matched rocking chairs on the front porch and inside the breezeway. The mis-matched assorted of styles and colors include three 1704 Queen Anne’s bow table leg designs, four Chippendale 1760 straight leg frameworks, six Hepplewhite 1799 tapered table legs, three 1850 Rococo Revival furniture pieces with a white marble round table surface over a pair of nicely finished red cherry rosewood table legs. Mary Margaret sees several plain maple wood writing tables like inside her High School and several modern-day aluminum steel office desks. All desk surfaces and legs seriously clash against a hodge-podge of straight back chairs in a variety of colors and fabric styles. Odd! There are no ancient grandfather clocks for time or a set of decorative floor lamps for drama, either. Very odd!
“And smelly inside my nostrils from all the ancient books…,” giggles Chloe with Mary Margaret. “The main house features old fine furniture, older precious porcelain, cheap stainless steel or a few pieces of expensive shiny silver, costly cracked crystal, and gleaming cheap glassware from the country of Japan,” giggles.
Mary Margaret frowns at Chloe. “Is all that really true? My mama told me something entirely different.”
She giggles. “I added…embellished some personal observations into that boring essay written by more boring Mistress Constance who lectures our new Journal Writing class. But please don’t repeat and mention that nasty comment, ever,” smirks at Mary Margaret.
“Okay…,” whispers Mary Margaret.
They stop strolling when Chloe jerks Mary Margaret into her face, growling. “And promise, too?”
“I promise.” Mary Margaret meekly says as Chloe smiles and nods.
They waddle left into a new room, gray paint and wooden cabinets.
Chloe says. “This is the kitchen where all the meals are prepared. We are not allowed inside since they feed us very well during breakfast, brunch, lunch, tea time, and supper. But if you get hunger then stand here someone will bring a tray of snacks or a picnic basket of good food. You can take it back to your room and share with your new belle friends for some night-time down time. And no hoe downs are allowed,” giggles with Mary Margaret. “This is similar to the school’s fast food drive-in window…,” giggles with Mary Margaret.
They back step slowly from the archway then waddle down to the next room.
Chloe frowns at Mary Margaret. “Where was I in my prepared speech, the gleaming glassware from the foreign country of Japan,” giggles. “I memorized it. So I don’t wanna have to start from the beginning.” They watch the belle-hostess pair empty out of the next archway then advance forward.
Mary Margaret nods and smiles. “It’s okay with me. I like hearing about Antebellum…”
Chloe smiles. “Ah! I remember. The main house is fitted with a wide board heart dark pine flooring from the ground level up to each belle’s private chamber room. The wooden floor is easier on your calf muscles than marble or tile. I added that part. The ceilings are 15-feet high on the first level and 12-feet inside your private suite. And every room has a real marble working fireplace used during the winter time. So cool! I love pretty red fire even from the gas.”
“Me too!” Mary Margaret smiles.
“This is the Needlepoint Room for the needlepoint class.”
Mary Margaret smiles. “I like needlepoint.”
“You’re lying.” Chloe frowns at her.
“I do not tease.”
“You’re joshing.”
“I do not josh.”
“Ugh! You really are a southern belle in both your naked heart and hidden soul.” Chloe studies the room of baby pink paint.
An assortment of various modern chairs covers the floor, for example: a gray leather recliner, a pine wood rocking chair, a floral pink and baby blue wing chair. Each chair sits in front of an object. A twelve-inched square hoop is positioned on a single legged wooden foot stand holding a twelve-inched mesh of white canvas for the upcoming belle needlepoint stitching enjoyment.
They slowly back step from the doorway then two-step right standing at new archway. “This is called the drawing room, not really a classroom for the traditional academic classes. You will discover the meaning later tomorrow on our first day of college,” Chloe swings and nods her chin forward further down the right side of the breezeway “The drawing room is beside the spacious dining room where we eat with our belle table manners…,” giggles, “…or you do not eat the delicious southern meal and you receive a nasty demerit.”
She frowns with disgust. “A demerit!? I have never gotten a demerit for any type of punishment. I’m a good girl,” nods and smiles.
Chloe giggles and winks at Mary Margaret. “Ya stay being that good belle, Mary Margaret, because if your challenge a dare from head mistress Deborah to a verbal duel then you lose and she wins,” shuffle down the long breezeway. Mary Margaret sees ahead the back lawn of manicured grass and sunlight. Chloe slows then turns left turn away from the exit point of the breezeway, without investigating the far away buildings and structures towards the last archway.
Mary Margaret narrows her eyelashes at the back lawn. “You have missed explaining the breezeway components of my tour, Chloe.”
Chloe says with chin points. “In the geographical direction the south, the front lawn, rows of service buildings for the horses, and the horse-drawn carriages, and such-like. Ya like that new word such-like. I do,” giggles. “There is a real dead person cemetery and a real big mountain called Loveless Mountain,” giggles. They stop and stand behind a pair of belle-hostess girls. She whispers. “My time and tour as ‘hostess with the mostess’ has ended,” looks in the direction of Mary Margaret beyond the sunlight, exhales. “I am supposed to tell you and the other belles, all these buildings in the rear of Antebellum House are off limits to us, without a proper explanation.”
Mary Margaret studies the far away structures. “Why would that be, Chloe?”
Chloe narrows her eyelashes. “I don’t know. But gossip goes, last year a belle for some silly reason went into one of the buildings then she got expelled from Antebellum House,” smiles at Mary Margaret. “That’s the rumor for the day, so share.”
Mary Margaret nods to her. “Noted. You will not catch me near a building or a cemetery. Is the mountain off limits, too?”
Chloe giggles. “No and yes, but mostly no. I’m not supposed to tattle tail but you’ll be hearing the rumors right after Debbie’s dull intro lecture during our suppertime meal. That’s gossip, too.” They stand in the archway for their turn. She nods at the room. “This is the biggest room in the house called the ball room with many purposes. One, dancing and dance lesion and two, social gathering of the belles and beaus for fun events like dancing and dances lessons,” giggles then sobers at the elderly female. “May I present head mistress Deborah.” Mary Margaret’s parents fall behind their daughter’s right and left side greeting Deborah, too.
The queen-sized lady with a gray-silver hair bun at the nape of a neck wears a deep plum antebellum dress smiles. “Thank you, Miss Chloe. Please return to your biological parents. We will begin the orientation session shortly,” views Mary Margaret. “Miss Mary Margaret, Mrs. and Mr. Cantwell are the last family to arrive at Antebellum House,” holds Mary Margaret’s gloves then whispers. “Welcome! Please find a sofa and sit with your parents for a set of new announcements plus the very important belle instructions. Ladies, please untangle your drawstring purses and silk parasols from her wrists and gloves from your hands slipping them to one of the many strolling housemaids. They will come around gathering your gown’s accessories. The items will be stored inside an interior cubby of shelves with your family sur-name. Just whisper your name and let them do the work. You may run along now.”
Mary Margaret back steps from Deborah’s skirt then swings between her mama and daddy like a practiced southern belle. They padding towards the interior room then encounter a housemaid. Mary Margaret slips the gloves and purse handing to the maid.
The housemaid is dressed in a black ankle-length dress with white apron of three pockets trailing down to her kneecaps holding items. A matching black cap covers the skull.
Mary Margaret waddles between her parents giggling with giddiness at the unique college environment scanning the plain white walls. The ball room is grand measuring 75-feet long from north to south and 45-feet wide from west to east. The length size is similar to a high school basketball court, without the poles and net baskets. Three of walls are painted in dull white, without any type of cute wall decorations or tall pillars for flirting with a beau or a row of low-hanging expensive crystal chandeliers to kiss your beau’s lips. Instead the ceiling holds six horizontal rows of fluorescent recessed office light fixtures bright enough to blind a freaking cave bat. She has seen this lighting arrangement many times inside her dentist’s office getting her teeth cleaned.
Her daddy doesn’t get to select their couch either, since the room of furniture is full. He leads to a Sheraton-style sofa. Mary Margaret recalled from mama’s lecture yesterday inside the kitchen at the breakfast table and during lunchtime with a picture book like a first grader. This particular piece of furniture was created in the year 1785 in the foreign country of Great Britain. The couch features an exposed wood railing across the top back and head rest. The sofa arms decorate in medium brown mahogany wood attached to a set of eight-reed legs like a spider with a vanilla-colored silky chenille fabric single bench seat cushion. The cushion measures 72-inches long by 13-inches high by 30-inches deep for five...correction…three people and two plantation dresses to fit and sit comfortably.
Each family sofa measures four feet of empty space between the forward family sofa for everyone’s shoe comfort. Two feet of air space is available from the other two side family sofas for eardrum privacy as she prettily sits between her parents. Her mama holds Mary Margaret’s right hand and daddy pats her left like she is about to be punished for something bad. 
Mary Margaret giggles wandering her eyelashes across her mama’s exposed breasts when Deborah lectures using a hand-held microphone standing in front of her black lacquer china design-shaped sofa. Mary Margaret notes not one piece of sofa furniture matches another type of sofa inside the grand plain ball room. Extremely odd!
Deborah says, not waving but smiling. “Antebellum House has survived through the ages like her mistress with charm, courage, and commitment from many, many folks throughout a long, long history, including a couple of American wars. We shall not pursue the past but prepare for the future.” Mary Margaret doesn’t cheer like some of the belles but gently claps her sweaty naked hands studying the iconic furniture designers whose woodwork comes from the all four directions of the world. The unique furniture sofa includes English Tudor, French King Louis, Chippendale, and modern sofa pieces. The modern sofa next to her Sheraton-sofa has a beige background with designs of tiny red birds and black bumblebees as Mary Margaret wonders, if Antebellum House has money to pay the local electricity invoice.
The different furniture items looks like a thief had robbed the International Furniture Store of sofas forgetting a matching lounge chair or a side table as the other belles and their parents cheer on Debbie.
Deborah raises her palms then silence. “Welcome to Antebellum House for growing minds and glowing memories with our lovely hostesses graduating the school in May of next year,” clapping from the belles then silence. “You will not find any lavish decorated rooms, no glittering crystal chandeliers suspended from soaring ceilings, no ornamented springtime carved doors, and no exquisitely detailed frieze, molding swirling flowers across the ceiling plaster, because this is Antebellum House. First, we are a school of learning and second, we are a farm of three thousand acres of crops stretching as far as the eyes can see in all geographical directions. The house is surrounded by beautiful profitable white cotton plants, a grove of sour oranges by mouth but yummy in salads, a peach and apple orchard, a grape vineyard, and an extensive garden of flowers, fruits, and vegetables. The vegetables and fruits lay in front of the school blooming at this very moment in the fertile Bama soil, since the food and fields benefit the school and the students.”
Mary Margaret counts ten windows measuring eight feet tall by four feet wide, wearing an array of gracefully puddling varied colors and textures curtain drapes like a pool of colored water onto the wood flooring.
Deborah says. “Antebellum House is a self-contained plantation with its own well water and food supply chain. The farm lands produce wheat, corn, oats, rye, and cotton for harvest, cattle, sheep, horses, chickens, and hogs for good eats, a green forest of timber for an active sawmill. The building has remained unaltered with the original window slants since the year 1792. The windows do work and are used for air ventilation, a heart pine flooring for foot endurance, working fireplaces for body heat, and most of the original plaster has survived over 400 years of teens,” giggles. “Each room is furnished…”
She asks her mama. “Why are the couches all different from each other, Mama?”
“Quiet please, Mary Margaret,” she stares at Deborah.
“Does the school need ya’ll’s money to pay for more furniture, Mama? Did ya’ll make a donation today too as part of my admission into Antebellum House?” Mary Margaret frowns with confusion staring at her nose profile.
She whispers and views Deborah. “Please listen, belle.”
Deborah says. “There are no curved doors, only square archways. No spiral winding staircases, straight up steps into the ceiling then turn into a wall, if ya be dense or into an archway, if ya be smart. The grounds are both elegant to the eyes with beautiful arrays of flowers from blue azaleas to yellow roses and to the tongue with tons of hardy fresh-grown fruits, vegetables, and tree nuts standing tall like earth-princesses in the red clay soil. We do not engage in any type of lavish entertainment, but we do hold a couple of exciting horse races, a few friendly gin rummy card competitions, some graceful ball room dances, a few fun hay rides, and a lot of nice games of croquet. The croquet lawn flanks…”
Chloe says as the sensitive acoustics bounces along the marble dance hall then echoes her words around ball room, “Croquet, that’s a sissy game.”
Deborah swings towards Chloe near the wall, saying. “One demerit, Miss Chloe, if I were assigning demerits today, young belle, since we are still in our orientation session you are exempted and truly very lucky,” pauses. “The croquet lawn flanks the house on the east side near the lovely watered and flowered courtyard, where all our young belles with invited properly chaperoned young beaus can congregate on a cool autumn evening for fun.”
Mary Margaret studies the first window on the east wall overflowing with green velvet curtains beside a second window of white sheer drapery, then a third window of geometric electric blue circles on linen fabric, then a fourth window of heavy red silk beside a fifth window of striped black and white sheer. The sixth window is trimmed in yellow and green cotton wool plaid is beside the seventh pink solid silky rayon floral flowers of cotton drapes. All the drapes pool the tail end of the fabric over the wood flooring. An eighth display window of baby blue background with tan birds and brown tree branches in burlap parks besides a ninth window of hot pink flowers on a white background with purple fans. A tenth window decorates in crimson red paisley print on silk.
Mary Margaret ponders the second grader decoration inside a college setting for mature teenagers.
Deborah says. “Your private chamber bedroom has a full bath for each student located in the garconniere. The new belle word means wing. There is a belle garconniere on the east side of the house and a second garconniere on the west side, currently un-occupied. The belle garconniere is accessed by a single stair hall with a 45-foot high cathedral ceiling enclosed with two walls. Legend has it,” pauses and smiles. “The deep reddish brown slash marks bronzed into a peach-colored wall in the belle’s wooden case stairwell were made by a British naval officer. During the Revolutionary War of 1812 a garrison of warriors from the foreign country of Great Britain attacked and murdered a helpless chamber maid. She bravery sailed down the top of the garconniere steps protecting her little belles with only a broom stick.” Mary Margaret jerks from funny fashion windows to the head mistress. Deborah says. “I promised a swift painful deadly lecture on demerits. When a belle has crossed that invisible line of naughty teen misbehavior within a teacher’s eyeballs and eardrums then the misbehaving belle receives a demerit,” sours. “When you receive ten demerits you are sent to Detention Isle. Detention Isle is a cute name for the wild woodlands of the Leed forest with real live wolves, snakes, bears, coyotes, deer, spiders, fishes, a fresh water river, and a tall mountain called Loveless. You will spend the night, without other party girlfriend usually alone from suppertime starting at five pm until sunrise at five am, the next morning. During your shitty visit you will scout for food, scoop for water, and sleep with nature,” gasps from the belles. “With punishment there must come reward. During your day activity of academic classes you will be given an opportunity to brag about your IQ which your southern mama loves to boast to her visiting guests at your homestead. At the end of the day our teachers will converse selecting among themselves the next day’s Lady of Honor,” giggles. “Now, that sounds like a title. My, my, my, not in a long shot. It’s more then three simple words. The honored will seat in a beautiful decorated yellow canopy suite in the middle section of the dining room, where you will be treated more befitting than a royal princess of Great Britain. The lady is allowed for the each meal to eat with your fingers and your toes, if’an ye be a monkey and drink from the actually plastic bottle, not a crystal goblet,” laughs from the belles. “So we can see that the honor of being a lady is a much better treat and treatment for a one day ride to act like a silly teen,” giggles. “Good luck to all the new and previous belles in your academic classes. My introduction lecture is complete. We should eat like civilized southern belles. I bid my good-bye to her parents who are given my permission to depart Antebellum House until their return during our celebrated holiday break. The break starts the day before the traditional Thanksgiving Holiday. Please stand and wish mama and daddy a safe trip home.”
Mary Margaret stands hugging her mama as her mama wipes loose hair strands out of her daughter’s moist eyeballs, smiling. “You’ll do very well here, honey. I’m so proud of you, Mary Margaret,” kisses her cheekbone then smiles with happiness and love. “I love you, dear.”
“I will try, Mama.” Mary Margaret smiles when her daddy kisses the middle of her sweaty forehead like always.
He nods and smiles. “Just listen to your instructors, you be fine and dandy, darling. We’ll come back in November and take ya home for Christmas and celebrate with a big party for both you and Brother Jesus. I love you, Mary Margaret.”
“Yes sir, Daddy!” Mary Margaret hugs then releases him. Her daddy holds his wife’s hand then twists Mary Margaret walking towards the archway with the rest of the parents. She watches them holding back her tears quietly sobbing, being the first time missing the next 120-plus nightly suppers at home. They disappear.

Monday. Needlepoint class. 9:06 am.
The teacher smiles and stands in front of a wooden hoop wearing brown and green rattlesnake cowgirl boots. Her thick legs stand apart inside the dark blue jeans coupled with an ivory silk long-sleeved blouse with a gray hair bun behind the nape of her neck. “Welcome to Needlepoint Tips 123. I am Mistress Alice. I see that you have lovingly followed the newest rule. No antebellum gown is required for your daily activities at school session. Remember, your antebellum gown must be worn tonight during the Table Manners class.”
“Ugh…”
“Aarrgh...”
“Eww…”
Alice smiles. “I already am aware that none of the new class of belles can perform any stitch of needlepoint. That is why we are here today. Southern belles have created sets of lovely colorful garments of cross-stitching, since before ya’ll were born. A pretty needlepoint portrait might be hanging on your grandmother’s parlour wall,” giggles.
Chloe frowns and sits in the floral gray and blue loveseat, alone. She plays with the tail ends of her ruffled silk blouse hanging over her faded blue jeans. She doesn’t touch the wooden stitching board. “Doubt it! That old hag is dead,” nods and giggles.
“One demerit, Miss Chloe,” Alice frowns then smiles. “I personally find and you will also that learning how to needlepoint can assist with the improvement of your math skills, spatial perception, and other fine motor abilities.”
Spring: tall, blonde hair, electric blue T-shirt, white jeans, blue and white lizard cowgirl boots. She frowns. “Math skills?”
The new belle frowns. “I can add.” Autumn: twin sister and matching wardrobe of Spring. They giggle together.
Chloe chuckles leaning into the new belle named Spring. “What’s two and two, Spring?”
Spring smiles at her sister. “A married…”
“…couple…,” grins Autumn. The twin sisters giggle along with the other belles and Chloe.
Alice clears her throat. “Every stitcher needs a sewing stash. Did ya’ll bring your personal carrying carpet bag?” She scans the belles. Each belle raises the carpet bag composed of a green and yellow floral pattern or a brown and gold paisley design or a deep red and black swirling pattern of circles. She says. “This is actually named a carpet bag with a body size of 15-inches by 13-inches and over-all 19-inches tall with a bull rope handle. The handle is covered in a colorful soft carpet complete with a real metal lock and latch but no key. It is a traveling bag made of actual flooring carpet used usually for holding flooring furniture. The carpet materials at the time were composed of oriental rugs or chenille rugs lied inside the parlour room for receiving nice southern guests. The size varies from a small purse to a large duffel bag, very popular with all types of folks during the Antebellum Era. And these old bags were the forefront of a physician’s medical bag toted around in his hands during the Old West Era,” nods then hands off the small basket to the chair nearest her jeans.
The first chair holds red-haired Jocelyn. “To begin a cross-stitch design you will need a good sharp pair of scissors,” fingers the basket. “This basket contains pairs of sewing scissors. Please select one then keep the non-weapon inside your carpet bag when not in use here in class.” She taps on a twelve-inch pine wood square stand. “The stand holds a pretty twelve-inched mesh of white canvas. You are staring at a pine wood blocking board made of light weight wood with a pinable board covered in a white fabric. The fabric has been printed with a grid of squares. The grid is used as a guide for squaring the canvas during the blocking process, especially for beginners. Children, as young as seven years old, stitch needle point designs. So do not become frustrated if you do not complete your first needlepoint project by the holiday weekend. Everyone works at their own pace with their love of stitching creating their own intriguing style design. The 11-count Aida fiber canvas overlaps the wood by a few inches which is quite proper and quite simple to handle allowing you the stitcher to stitch a thick beautifully colorful design. The needlepoint canvas has a series of large holes seeing exactly where to place each stitch, but this should not be a problem with a belle who possesses perfect eyesight,” hands a second basket to Jocelyn. “To work your new design we will need embroidery floss and a cross-stitch needle. Please select a palm-sized yarn roll…”
“Its puke green vomit-colored,” Chloe giggles at the embroidery floss.
“Two demerits, Miss Chloe!” Alice notes her most troublesome belle. “Please select a yarn roll and a needle package. Cross-stitches are worked in either yarn or wool on a canvas background creating your needlepoint project. There are many different types of yarn, wool, and other pretty decorative threads that can be used, but the tapestry yarn is the most common. The size of the needle depends entirely upon the size of the mesh of the needlepoint canvas. For example, a narrow needle should be used on fine-mesh canvas. A thicker needle is used on canvases with a set of larger-hole sizes. A good rule of thumb to remember is that the higher the needle number the finer the needle tip making certain to select the proper needle. The proper needles will pass through the canvas, without much abrasion and then carry the thread through easily avoiding wear on the thread as you stitch. Your needle pack ranges in sizes 16 tapestry to 22 tapestry…”
“What’s this one, Mistress Alice? It’s really sharp?” Bethel: queen-sized, deep wine-colored silk sleeveless blouse, big breasts, black jeans. She taps her boot to an invisible musical song inside her head out of boredom lightly pricking the needle tip, without harming the meat of her finger.
Alice smiles. “O yes! That there is a chenille needle included in your package but never be minded with that one, young belle. It holds a sharper point and a larger eye suited to other types of intense embroidery, not performed here in your needlepoint class at Antebellum House. Ya’ll belles will be utilizing a size 16 tapestry needle…”
“For babies…,” giggles Mary Margaret. She busies on the turtle with her expert hands, without any additional teacher instruction using the bright lime green floss. She sports a plain white T-shirt and black jeans thumping her black and tan python-skinned cowgirl boot in a silent rhyme of country music inside her head.
Alice slowly moseys to Mary Margaret then smiles. “My, my, my, what a pleasant surprise for us. We do have a stitcher. Do you design in cross stitch needlepoint as well, Miss Mary Margaret?”
Mary Margaret shakes her black curls. “My grandma embroiders. I watch and stitch with her since grandma has taught me the distinct differences in the variety of yarn strengths and the array of needle sizes.”
“Would you care to elaborate for the belles the function of a size 16 tapestry needle?” Alice nods.
Mary Margaret pulls two needles from her sewing package showing the thick metal, first. “This is a size 16 tapestry needle. It is really a dull blunt point with a very large eye commonly used by a beginner to cross-stitch like a little seven-year child in the second grade, ya’ll,” giggles. “The number 16 needle makes it very easy to slip a dull tip through a great big hole in the fabric canvas, without catching or splitting the threads of the canvas,” presents the thin needle. “This is a size 22 needle with a very thinly fine point for penetrating any type of outer surface, without leaving a permanent mark on the fabric canvas making the creation simply beautiful for your eyes.”
Alice claps and smiles. “Very nice, Miss Mary Margaret! I’ll be adding your name to the bonnet cap this evening. The Lady of Honor title will be awarded tomorrow morning. Now belles, back to our class room lesson. Please remove a needle from the paper and hold it in the air for me to see,” the belles raise their needles. She nods. “Excellent. Because ya’ll belles will be stitching on an 8-mesh printed canvas using a blend of wool and acrylic yarn with an accent of cotton embroidery thread, you will design a familiar green turtle…”
“Puke vomit-colored green turtle,” Chloe bangs the armrest and laughs with some of the other belles.
Alice frowns, “Three demerits, Miss Chloe!” She smiles. “You will cross-stitch a bright mint green turtle with four legs, a tail, and a short snout with electric blue eyeballs. A cross stitch is an x-shaped embroidery stitch from which the name of cross stitch is derived. Please cut a 12-inch length of the six-strand embroidery floss and separate the strands of green floss. Thread the tapestry needle with two strands of the floss. Hold the wooden blocking board with a left hand steadying the furniture then place both boot toes around the single foot stand. Hold the needle with a right thumb and a forefinger in the air for me to see,” views the needles, again. “Do not grip the needle, too tightly. Aida is made up of tiny squares. Pick a square of Aida near the center. Place your needle behind the white canvas then insert the needle up through the square hole. Bring a right hand to the front of the canvas then snatch that little booger,” giggles. “The needle should perch like a medieval prince’s sword in the canvas. If it starts to fall out then support the needle with a ring finger of your left hand…”
She yells. “Ouch!” Peyton: five feet, six inches; mousy brown ponytail, blue jeans, pink cotton T-shirt.
“Support the needle, dear. Don’t attack it. Are ya bleeding, Miss Peyton?” Alice frowns with worry.
Peyton studies her bloody ring finger. “Yes ma’am.”
She exhales fingering the breezeway. “Go to kitchen, darling. Stand in the archway. One of the food servers will carry ya across the lawn to Doc Martin’s cottage in the north pasture doctoring your wound. Go, dear!” Peyton slowly stands carefully wobbling the chairs and wooden hoop stands. She hits the archway streaming tears from intense throbbing pain of the sharp needle on her finger. Alice watches the belles work on the green turtle. “Grasp the needle and then draw the floss up through the hole. Do not pull the floss completely out. Leave a kitty-cat tail of two inches on the back of the canvas. Draw the thread across the square diagonally. Take a right hand to the back of the fabric and then pull the needle and floss through a hole in the upper right hand corner. Take care to leave the end of the floss on the back of the fabric. Do not pull the stitch too tightly. Leave the floss a little loose. You have just stitched a half stitch. With a right hand at the back of the canvas insert the needle in the lower right corner of the square directly below the top of the half stitch. Draw the needle and floss up to the top of the canvas then flip the wooden blocking square over. Keep your needle in a right hand. In the rear of the canvas use your needle to drag the kitty-cat tail of the floss under the loop formed by the back of the stitch. Gently tighten the floss to secure the end under the loop. Insert the tip of the needle in the upper left corner of the canvas square. Move your hand to the back of the fabric and draw the floss through. Flip the hoop over. On the back of the hoop slip the needle under the back of the stitch and pull the floss through. Tighten the floss. Snip the existing kitty-cat tail and the floss in the needle leaving about a half inch of floss. Use your needle to adjust the floss as needed or pull on the ends of the floss to tighten the stitch up a little, if needed. When you are comfortable with stitching a cross stitch the next step will be to learn how to stitch a row of cross stitches.”
“Ugh…”
“Aarrgh…”
“Ew…”
Alice smiles. “By the holiday break ya’ll have cross-stitched a lovely turtle used for a doily in your private chambers here at Antebellum House or for your adoring mama at your birth homestead.”

Tuesday. Needlepoint class. 9:17 am.
The second daylight of Antebellum House brings another round of sewing class as Alice slowly strolls around each wooden hoop. She assesses the cross-stitch work, smiling. “Miss Mary Margaret, outstanding! You’re a talented stitcher. It’s my pleasure to watch you work your magical fingers with that needle. Belles, Miss Mary Margaret has almost completed her turtle and it has only been twenty-four hours.”
“I worked my assignment through the night.” Mary Margaret nods and smiles as the other belles snort and give a nasty finger sign.
“Miss Alice, ya make our work seem more like a competition instead of….a…a piece of art work.” Chloe rubs her sore and tender fingers from stabbing the needle through the tough fabric for the electric blue eyeballs of a little monster turtle. The needlepoint art will not be finished by holiday of the year 2020 when she graduates college.
Alice stands and watches Mary Margaret speaking to Chloe. “Dear, competition is good for the soul. You are a southern belle. You will encounter situations where you will not win or lose but learn integrity, a very important southern belle trait,” paces back to her beige-colored loveseat when Deborah enters the room then whispers to Alice.
Alice drops her mouth scanning the belles then views Deborah. Deborah nods then Alice stands and nods then exits the room. Deborah occupies the empty loveseat then clears her throat. “Girls, I have very bad news. We might have to shut down Antebellum House,” gasps from the belles. “The university has not renewed the lease of the land for the rest of the remaining calendar year. There seems to be some kind of misunderstanding between the university that owns the building and the new landowner who owns the property. The war is not going well for either side of a legal battle. To make a short story very short, Antebellum House might have to pay 63,000 dollars by December 31st to keep the landowner from tearing down the our historical building.”
Emma: yellow T-shirt, blue jeans, pink and yellow ostrich cowgirl boots. She gasps. “But Miss Deborah, Antebellum House was the first building built on the Birmingham University campus in the year 1814 even before the land became the state of Alabama.”
Deborah nods. “I know that, dear.”
“Where does the university stand on the legal fight, Miss Deborah,” frowns Trinity: tan cotton T-shirt, aqua jeans, red and tan alligator cowgirl boots, ghost-pale complexion, light brown hair of curls.
“The university is not commenting publicly at the moment, but they are negotiating with the landowner. I hope they reach some type of common legal agreement soon.” Deborah exhales, not smiling.
Emma whines. “And us? This is our legacy left by our mamas for the past 200 years.”
Deborah nods. “I completely understand, girls. And for some more bad news, I fear I must leave ya’ll for a few months. My elder parents are very sick. I’ll be returning to my home town today. As a matter of fact my luggage is in the car. I wish all of us, good luck. I have faith in the administration of Burn U. Girls, I shall come back after the Thanksgiving holiday. There is…”
Mary Margaret whines. “But we’re supposed to be chaperoned.”
Chloe sours. “This ain’t the year 1861, Mary Margaret. We’re all eighteen years old or older. We don’t need mama and daddy holding a left hand walking us to kindergarten class on the first day of school, sweet-tart,” chuckles with the other belles.
Deborah nods. “Chloe is absolutely correct. You are over the age of eighteen years old. Your parents, the other teachers and I will not be visually present for a couple of months. Your academics studies are provided by on-line tutoring sessions done in your room, without the aid of a vocal instructor. It would seem that the university has generously given the entire Antebellum House’s service staff some very needed but very inconvenient vacation days,” exhales.
“Mistress Deborah,” Peyton frowns with worry.
She stands and smiles. “Girls, our Antebellum House is completely furnished with everything you need from set of bedroom blankets to dishes of breakfast meals. A pre-arranged alternative house staff will come in three times per day to cook your meals and clean your messes, since your parents have paid for this service to the university. By the time I return I believe that everything will be worked out for our further enjoyment and entertainment. Don’t worry! Now, every one come and gimme a hug,” she gets a hug from each belle. Deborah smiles with tears of sad and joy.
“We’ll walk ya out to your car, Mistress Deborah.” Emma hugs Deborah.
The belles escort Deborah out the room when Jocelyn about faces.
Jocelyn is an older student at Antebellum House living here since last August. She jerks both new belles Trinity and Mary Margaret into a tight huddle. Jocelyn grabs Mary Margaret bad breathing into her face. “Mary Margaret, I know you’re new here being only a freshman, but your parents are one of the wealthier families at Antebellum House, maybe on the entire Burn U campus.” Mary Margaret nods. Jocelyn smirks to Trinity. “I’m Jocelyn, by the way. I’ve been here for four years almost ready to graduate. And I don’t need this shit happening to me. Okay? Ask your daddy for some money too, Trinity?” Trinity nods when Jocelyn smiles. “I’m asking the same question since my daddy is rich but greedy and selfish and controlling and dominating,” studies Mary Margaret. “You and I understand each other really well. I…,” pauses. “Just ask, okay? I’m thinking if our parents can contribute part of the money to save our house then we belles might could come up with the rest, ya know.”
“Doing what?” Mary Margaret frowns.
Jocelyn winks at Trinity. “Performing some…tricks?”
Mary Margaret frowns with puzzlement. “Ya mean like perform some car washes, bake some cookies like in high school to get some of the 63,000 dollars,” nods. “That’s okay, I guess. I’ll ask my daddy. Please do not expect too much from him,” exhales.

Wednesday. Parlour room. 7:45 am.
Jocelyn sits inside a garnet-colored cloth loveseat, sipping on orange juice after woofing down breakfast at 7:30 am. She smiles, “Report? What’s the consensus of collecting any monies from mama, daddy, grandma, grandpa, and your trust fund? And don’t tell me that ya’ll don’t have a trust fund, because we’re trust fund princess babies,” giggles.
“Fuck off…,” giggles Emma.
Trinity frowns at Emma. “Jeezus, did your daddy really tell ya that?”
Emma smiles and nods. “You can come back home, honey. Take all your on-line classes from Burn U on your computer, sugar. Locked inside your private bedroom, darling. Away from the world and any roaming aliens. When do I send the limo, sweetheart?” she shakes her curls with the rest of the belles.
Chloe says. “First, my daddy asked tons of nosy questions that I lied with tons of answers, since he’s too damn nosy. Second, my mama asked me almost all the same tons of questions that I used the same tons of lies, because she’s more nosy. Then we three got on a three-way chat talking about useless shit. Ya’ll see my parents know about the $63,000 debt to the mysterious landowner. But they’re not going to contribute one penny, even if it’s found inside the Country Club parking lot by the valet driver. They didn’t give a shit about the land, the landowner or me, because if Antebellum House closes then I go back home to Bellport, Alabama under both gun and guard like a fucking convicted prisoner.”
Trinity tosses her arms, “Ditto over here, darling! Daddy pretty much told me, not to worry my pretty head about it, since I be coming back home, soonest when the house closes.”
Mary Margaret nods. “I find this all very strange. Didn’t ya’ll?”
“Not when money is evolved, ya know it’s the root of all evil.” Bethel sips on the orange juice.
Jocelyn nods. “We have a unanimous unhappiness no from all our parents along with their overflowing bank accounts. So we’re going to fight back with everything we got.”
“Fight back?” Trinity frowns at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn smiles, “That’s too strong of a word. How about flirt back?” She winks at Trinity. They sit in sleeping pajamas inside one of the many mis-matched loveseats in the belle parlour room.
“What ya saying there, Jocelyn?” Emma giggles.
Jocelyn stands six feet and two inches from the loveseat then flings off her red pajama robe, exposing her vivacious curves. Two spaghetti strands attaches to her red lace cami top barely covering her large pink skin tone breasts with a pair of shorty-short red lace shorts over her smooth curved ass and hidden vagina.
Mary Margaret feels funny looking at a semi-naked tall and sexy Jocelyn struggling with some internal deep raw emotional sensations overtaking an active mind with a nasty dance. She frowns. “You dress like that for bed.” She wears her silk baby blue pajamas in white duckling-patterns on the fabric, matching long-legged pajamas with a properly covered pajama robe covering the pajamas coupled with her matching bed slippers over naked feet.
“Naw. I wear my birthday suit when I sleep.” Jocelyn caresses her breast while belles watch the swirling dance of slender fingers go around and around the nip. Mary Margaret likes what her eyes sees feeling her nipples tingle at the girly peek show. Jocelyn smiles. “Belles, I use that word purposefully. We have been sent here to Antebellum House by our precious biological mamas and daddies for several reasons. One, graduate with a post-graduate degree for our future jobs which is within our family business. Right?”
“Right!” Emma nods.
Jocelyn parks her hands on her tiny waist making her teen-like body like a sexy Hollywood starlet. “Two, get us out of their home, so our parents can fuck each other on the coffee table, without their innocent teenager around…”
“Yucko! You’re gross, Jocelyn.” Mary Margaret moans.
Chloe giggles and nods. “But, so true. One time I accidentally caught my parents…”
“We don’t want to hear that nasty tale, Chloe.” Mary Margaret whines and views her bed slippers.
“I do but later, Chloe.” Emma winks at her.
“Three, avoid the opposite sex boys.” Jocelyn nods.
Emma clears her throat. “I’m a virgin.”
“Me, too,” Jocelyn giggles.
“Me, three,” Trinity giggles.
“Ditto!” Bethel smiles.
“Ditto baby, over here!” Peyton waves her hand as the belles nod.
“I’m not.” Chloe smirks when eyeballs face petite Mary Margaret. “And!?” Chloe giggles at Mary Margaret.
“I am proud to say that I am a virgin, as well.” Mary Margaret wraps her robe around her flat chest of breast size 32AA of petiteness.
Jocelyn smiles, “Well, girls! Here we are today a house of virgins that are about to lose their house at Burn U for lack of money, not the lack of sex.”
“Sex? What the hell are you talking about, Jocelyn?” Emma frowns with worried mystery.
Trinity winks at Jocelyn. “Let Jocelyn finish her lecture, Emma. I believe each one of us kinda knows what she’s proposing but too afraid to voice.”
Jocelyn nods. “Thanks, Trinity. Since the beginning of recorded history sex and money have bedded each other for a single mutual purpose.”
“No,” Mary Margaret shakes her curls.
“Shut up, Mary Margaret.” Chloe sneers.
Jocelyn caress her other nip. “We have a mutual purpose for some money specifically $63,000 dollars and we have mutual pretty belles in a row.”
“No.” Mary Margaret shakes her curls.
“Shut it, Mary Margaret.” Emma sneers.
Jocelyn sits on the robe inside the loveseat parting her long legs wide. She exposes her curly pubic red-flaming hair of her vagina hanging out of her lacey-lace shorts. “Belles, our parents over the past years have been guardians of our virginity. I bet if I had a million dollars which I do when I turn 24 years old after getting that Phd in something as dictated by daddy here at Burn U,” giggles and nods. “You like me were only allowed to date certain types of boys in high school, attended certain types of parties in high school, and socialized with certain types of kids in high school. Well, belles open your fucking eyeballs. We are finally free. Deborah ain’t here since her parents are ill. The school ain’t watching us since we’re of legal age at eighteen and don’t need chaperones. And our parents ain’t watching us since they have paid their monies to maintain Antebellum House for our personal educational, social and, entertain needs.”
“What ya scheming, Jocelyn?” Bethel sours.
“No.” Mary Margaret shakes her curls.
“Shut up, Mary Margaret.” Emma sneers.
Jocelyn smiles extending her arms, “Lookie, I do not want to leave Antebellum House. I have been here four years. I like the school. I like my old and new belles. I like being away from my parents who smother me with too much love, too much protection, and too much guardianship-ness or whatever. I am like you. You are like me. My daddy is like your daddy, Emma and my mama is like your mama, Trinity. They expect me to be a true southern belle sacrificing my fun for my future.”
Mary Margaret ponders Jocelyn’s words. She is overprotected by her parents since they tell her when to get up, what to wear, and who to date. Like the time, she was escorted by that boy to a church picnic, a date provided by her daddy on a Sunday afternoon in front of her parents and then entire congregation of 300 eyeballs.
Emma smiles and tosses her arm. “I heard ya, girlfriend. We were sent here to Antebellum House specifically not to date any boys and then overseen for that specific purpose by Deborah. She’ll never allow boys here. Period.”
“We have dances with boys on Friday nights, games with boys on Saturday night, and picnics with boys on Sunday afternoon. Mama told me since Mama attended Antebellum House then graduated from Burn U and then married Daddy.” Bethel nods.
“Certain boys approved by our parents who instructed Miss Deborah for these certain types of social activities.” Emma nods.
“What ya plotting towards, Jocelyn?” Trinity frowns.
Jocelyn smiles, “We little belles are a sellable commodity.”
“No.” Mary Margaret shakes her palms and curls.
“Hush it, Mary Margaret.” Emma sneers then smirks at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn smiles. “Boys want sex. We are all sexy girls. Boys love virgins. We are all sexy virgins.”
Emma gasps. “Sell our virgin bodies for sex then get the money to pay the landowner to save our Antebellum House.”
“You were valedictorian of your school. Right, Emma?” Trinity giggles.
Emma nods and smiles at Trinity. “Why yes, I was one of twelve valedictorians.”
Mary Margaret shakes her hands and curls. “This is Antebellum House, not Whore House. Them words ain’t written in magic marker on the outside of our building.”
“All sorority dorms have a few whores, Mary Margaret.” Chloe giggles.
“Not the entire house, Chloe.” Mary Margaret shakes her curls folding her arms in fury.
“Brilliant plan,” Bethel grins and nods.
Spring smiles at her sister. “I…”
“…love…,” Autumn giggles at her twin.
Trinity nods. “I get to finally kiss a boy.”
Mary Margaret stands and shakes her curls. “We could enter the Miss Starlit pageant and won cash prizes. Each one of us is pretty and smart from our mamas. We all enter then won cash money to cover the $63,000, not Jocelyn’s plan.”
Peyton giggles. “A childish plan, Mary Margaret. I entered the Miss Starlit pageant when I was four years old, not fun or sexy. I wanna do Jocelyn’s plan.”
Naomi nods. “Me, too,” with the other belles.
Bethel says. “Sit and shut it, Mary Margaret.”
“Geez. You have never kissed a boy?” Chloe drops her mouth at Trinity.
“Naw.” Trinity exhales.
Jocelyn smiles. “Lookie belles, we’re a sisterhood since our great-great grandmomma’s time here. That’s why we have all been sent to Antebellum House to follow into grandma’s and mama’s sandal steps. Each generation makes their own mark at Burn U. This will be our contribution saving literally our House from destruction for our un-born daughters.”
“Yee-haw!” Emma cheers tossing her hands.
“Boom!” Bethel raises her arms and nods.
“Go girl!” Peyton sings and waves her hands.
“I am a blue blood princess.” Mary Margaret frowns and views her hands inside her lip, not at Jocelyn. “I’m saving my virginity for my future husband, if we enter the Miss Starlit...”
Chloe smiles and winks at Jocelyn. “And I can tell ya that your future husband’ll appreciate a practiced hand along with five practiced manicured fingernails,” giggles with the other belles. Mary Margaret stares at her white ducklings on her robe.
“Who’s in stand up and rebel yell?” Jocelyn stands naked from the loveseat with the other belles. Mary Margaret studies her matching duckling white silk slippers. Jocelyn smiles and nods. “Excellent!”
Trinity frowns with confusion. “Jocelyn, I like your idea. But I don’t know how to…”
“Fuck! Make love. Have sex!” Chloe giggles and nods. “Don’t be afraid to say the words since you’re going to do the action for the money.”
“Chloe’s our teacher.” Jocelyn fingers and nods at Chloe.
“Since she be a whore.” Mary Margaret sneers then giggling at Chloe.
“That’s sister whore there. We’re a sisterhood here.” Jocelyn narrows her eyelashes at Mary Margaret. Mary Margaret bows her chin viewing her legs. Jocelyn says. “Chloe darling, what do we do first?”
Chloe exhales then views the floor then Jocelyn, smiling. “It’s not yet eight in the morning. At nine sharp we all meet inside the ball room. I want ya to rip off your bedspread cover, a bed blanket, and the top bed sheet from your bedroom mattress and bring along a pillow. And I want everyone to go upstairs and take a bath so ya smell good, because we’re going to do some floor exercises since the ball room’s empty. And I bring a dark bathing towel and last, but not least dress in your pajamas robe, only.”
“Ya mean stay in our pj’s. That time is in the middle of the morning, Chloe.” Peyton frowns with confusion patting her clothes.
“No. I mean to wear nothing under your pajamas robe but your birthday suit. Be naked!” Chloe giggles.
“What for, Chloe?” Bethel frowns.
“Chloe’s our new teacher. Everyone obey the instructor. Now, get going! See everyone downstairs at nine sharp.” Jocelyn tosses her arms as the belles exit the room. They stroll around the outside front porch since the belle staircase is really haunted.
Chloe blocks the archway being about the same height and weight of the advancing belle. Mary Margaret glides towards the door then stops as Chloe snarls. “Ya betta not tattle to no one, bitch about our sisterhood secret, since I don’t carry my pen knife in my lace hanky for show. Ya here me, princess.” Mary Margaret swings to Jocelyn who nods the silence threat, too. Mary Margaret nods then scoots out the room to her bedroom. Chloe views Jocelyn. “She’s going to be a problem, Jocelyn.”
“Naw. She’s just frightened like a little puppy. We find her a nice beau that’ll treat her right from the start then Mary Margaret’ll be okay with our little show pay.” Jocelyn watches the belles disappear around the corner of the building.
They travel a familiar route out the belle parlour room onto the porch then turn right along the eastern wall, then march up the grand marble staircase leading to their individual bedroom suites.
Chloe swings and parks inside the ugly apple green loveseat. She leans into the fabric tucking her legs under her bathroom. “You’re a natural leader and a sneaky little cunt, Jocelyn. I can’t believe you’re still a virgin. And I find it hard to believe that this delicate dilemma just fell into our hands like it was fated,” giggles.
“To address your first query, I’m a virgin. No thanks to my over careful and over cautious parents. We three lived at the same address for eighteen years before dumping me under the protection of Miss Deborah at Antebellum House. And to address your second quiz, I’m clueless along with my parents. I quizzed them pretty good about the money issue associated with the land deed. My Daddy prides himself on sharing with Mama the latest and greatest university gossip, since they both had graduated here. He did not seem to know and definitely did not seem to truly care about the money or land as long as his baby girl was safe, not happy.”
“Ditto, darling! I like your term safe, not happy. My parents expressed the same concerns me and not the house. One, pisses me off and two, means that I go back to fucking the same old local rednecks, again,” giggles. “So here’s my easy question, what night is the fucking or what fucking night,” giggles. “Question number two, how much do we charge our lucky beaus for each fucking trick? The third hard question, who are the lucky beaus that receive our fucking pleasure?”
Jocelyn shakes her red curls. “Jeezus. Don’t use that word trick. It means me feel cheap, cheap chick-ee-poo,” giggles. She views her mobile telephone. “Let’s see. I suggest we do our fucking night on Friday. There’s no academic class the next day for our well-satisfied and paying hunky beaus and the football game is always on Saturday afternoon or night. Ya can’t find a fucking beau before, during, or after that football game, so that blows the entire Saturday for any fucking session. And forget any time on Sunday day or night, since based on Mama God will strike me down with a yellowish-white bright flaming lightning bolt, if’an I don’t go to church preaching service,” giggles. “So if I count up the remaining weekends precisely until December 16 there are four Fridays in September including this weekend with four more Fridays in October. That’s eight really good and available nights.”
“We should plan for a special Halloween Fuck Fest.” Chloe giggles.
She giggles. “Both a great idea and a great theme title for Halloween! You’re a good bitch-whore, Chloe. Ah! Halloween falls on a Friday, too. That’s still a total of only eight available nights. Gawd! All this talk of fucking sex is making me hot and heated inside my almost naked body,” fans her face, giggling.
“That’s called horny lust and just wait.” Chloe giggles.
Jocelyn frowns. “Wait for what?”
“Just wait!” Chloe smiles.
Jocelyn shakes her curls, reading the phone. “In the month of November there are four more Fridays.”
Chloe says. “Cut off the last two Fridays for the Thanksgiving Holiday. The school is traditional open but students are traditional closed in both mind and body going straight to their parents’ home for the weekends to eat and goof off.”
She smiles. “Good point! That makes eight plus two equals ten available Friday nights of fucking to raise all the money before pay day. Easy!” Chloe nods when Jocelyn says. “We own 63,000 dollars divided by 12 belles. That equals $5,250 for each belle to acquire per her vagina,” giggles. “And 12 belles divided by ten Friday nights is $525 per charge for a beau unless she can handle two beaus for the night.”
Chloe shakes her curls. “We can’t charge $500 per beau.”
“Why not? It calculates really easy on the cell.”
“Jocelyn, we’re college students and inexperienced. The local best practiced whore in downtown Birmingham charges $200 to $300 dollars for a trick.”
“Well shit, Chloe. We’re virgins, all of us, except for you,” giggles. “We should get a few more dollars for that earth shattering heavenly feat.”
“A few more dollars, not a few more hundred dollars. I’m telling ya we charge $200 or no beaus or no go for which ever tickles your red lace panties,” giggles.
“If I calculated $200 at the going rate divided by 63,000 dollars…”
“I can figure that one out in my smart brains. It’s 26 available Fridays…” 
“That’s half a year…” sours Jocelyn.
Chloe winks. “It’s okay, girl best. Now you figured out that we will do the ‘wild thing’ on Friday night and charge $200 per beau. Who are the beaus? We can’t just invite any hot boy from campus. We need the right beau with the right bucks,” laughs.
She nods and smiles. “I have a brilliant solution to your query, belle. My cousin Jerk…”
“Jake.” Chloe frowns.
“No. My cousin named Jerk.”
“Ya got a cousin named Jerk…,” giggles Chloe with Jocelyn.
“Jerk was the nicer of the two words between jackass or jerk. Mama told me that I could re-name my dumbass cousin who’s the son of her shit ass sister that neither one of us likes but tolerates. She overruled me and insisted upon Jerk. He’s a real jerk too, but popular and smart. I’m going to get cousin Jerk to help me select the most eligible beaus among the student body of boys at Burn U for our beautiful belles. He graduated last year. He knows the best and brightest from the dull and dumbest beaus. We should get a very nice bunch of beefy boys.”
“Beefy boys!? We want billionaire brats. Can you really trust a jerk, Jocelyn? We really need the money coming from boys that have an excess of funds overflowing from their piggy banks. Look, we don’t want just the good-looking jocks or the handsome rednecks. We can’t rely on second-hand old datum, Jocelyn. We got one shot at this multiplied by ten then the tall skinny belle sings. I don’t know about your Jerk cousin.”
Jocelyn smiles. “Prime, sister. I have something that cousin Jerk wants really badly.”
“What?” Chloe frowns.
“Something really badly making cousin Jerk do me this great big favor. Then he’s paid off. Jerk’ll help us.” Jocelyn nods and laughs.

Ball room. 8:58 am.
Jocelyn stands holding her red velveteen bedcover and matching bed linens beside Chloe in front the closed windows inside the ball room minus any spying eyeballs of the staff. The service staff is off the grounds because they have finished the breakfast clean up.
Chloe motions the belles inside the ball room.
Emma leads then parking on the far side opposite of Jocelyn. She scans the closed windows, and missing furniture. “Where are the sofas? The ball room’s empty. My stuffing’s going to get dirty on the floor.”
“The floor’s clean, Emma. The maid service does an excellent job of keeping this place sparkling pretty and pine woodlands smelly.” Bethel stands her naked feet further down the row from prissy Emma.
“Should’ve we go to our academic classes, first then do our exercises in the evening after suppertime.” Peyton passes both prissy Emma and bossy Bethel then stands.
Trinity parks beside Emma, smiling.
Jocelyn sits on floor in her bathroom robe and bed linens. “Our classes are all on-line. We do not attend any physical classes, compliments of Mama and Daddy. Remember, no boy-toy interaction.”
“Right,” Bethel smirks at her friend Tyleigh. Both sit on top of their bed linens.
Chloe waves her hand sitting on the floor. “Get in here, belles! Park your ass in front of a brown bag. We got lots of work before Friday evening with the beaus. Hurry your lazy ass, Mary Margaret over at the end of the row,” watches slow poke Mary Margaret.
Mary Margaret stumbles on her bed slippers hugging her baby blue bed sheets like a teddy bear, slowly maneuvering at the end of the line. The belles prettily position from left to right Emma, Trinity, Spring, Autumn, Tyleigh, Bethel, Peyton, Zoey, Naomi, and Mary Margaret.
Spring frowns, “Friday…”
“….night,” Autumn frowns.
Chloe giggles at the twins who are both adorably cute and wittingly entertaining as a pair of dumb blonde belles. They’ll fetch a pretty nice price for the new lost cause of Antebellum House. Chloe stands then demonstrates with her bed linens. “Fold the bedspread in half then lay on the floor in a vertical position. Now, fold the blanket in half, lay it on top of your bedspread. Now, fold the linen sheet in half, place it over the blanket. Lay your pillow at the top of the linen pretending this is a bed.”
Mary Margaret stands without following Chloe’s orders hugging the bed linens. “No. I’m not doing this.”
Chloe sneers at Mary Margaret. “This is practice, Mary Margaret.”
“Do it, Mary Margaret.” Bethel growls, placing her pillow at the head of the bed sheet. She stands and smiles on her naked toe bones on top of her creation.
“We’re all practicing, Mary Margaret.” Trinity squats on kneecaps making up the hot pink bedcovers into a mini-bed.
“What about the towel?” Emma stands on the linen bed sheet holding her towel staring at Chloe.
Chloe smiles. “Fold the bathing towel in quarters and place it on top of the pillow for the moment. Now, sit down upon your new semi-soft bed,” she sits and faces Jocelyn. “Your turn, Jocelyn! Tell ‘em about Friday night and stuff!”
Jocelyn crosses her legs using her arms to communicate. “The fucking night, great description, ya’ll. Friday is the selected evening of our beau entertainment. The selected beau will park his personal vehicle outside our gate house, since no guest transports are allowed on our property as told by Miss Deborah.”
“Now, we follow our house rules.” Mary Margaret sits uncomfortable upon her bed linens, the bed spread, and the pillow. She sits crossed-legged double-wrapping her blue and white duck-pattern pajamas robe around her body, staring at a cockroach trying to survive the pest control spray in the far left corner of the ball room. She exhales listening to Jocelyn ramble.
“Shut up, Mary Margaret.” Chloe sneers.
Jocelyn smiles. “Then the Beau will be personally chaffered in a limousine provided by our house part of mama and daddy’s yearly maintenance fee of the property upkeep from the gate irons down the long gravel road into the belle parlour room. I’ll meet and greet him outside in the Dogtrot breezeway collecting the money before he meets and greets ya’ll,” the belles giggle. “Then he’ll come inside the ball room and select a belle.”
“Question, Jocelyn?” Emma waves her arm, giggling and smiling.
Jocelyn frowns at prissy Emma shaking her curls. “Let me finish the belle fairy tale,” giggles. “Then ask away. The beau will have no prior information of you, for example your last name, your home address, your native state. Some of us live outside of Alabama. On the flip side of the greenbacks we’re collecting there will be no shared datum. That’s his last name, his home address, his native state, since this is a business arrangement. Now, after our business arrangement is done and completed you can fuck around with this dude as much as you want. Remember, Miss Deborah is due back right after Thanksgiving holiday along with us being back home with our parents for the holidays. This is our only opportunity to play house. So once again Miss Deborah will become a bull dog allowing no more beaus at Antebellum House…”
“…much less in our private chamber suites,” Trinity grins at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn nods. “Right-o! The total amount of money to be raised and collected is 63,000 dollars which divided by 12 belles is 5,250 dollars a piece of fucking work,” giggles. “We will have ten Fridays to collect the money which is 525 dollars, each night.”
“Only 525 dollars to fuck me? Naw. I’m a virgin. I want at least a 1,000 dollars to enter my precious un-guarded princess temple.” Emma shakes her hands and curls.
“Virgin. Vain. Vicious. Is your name really Emma?” Trinity giggles.
Jocelyn says. “The asking price for a night with you is 200 dollars,” boos from the belles. “That’s the going rate. So I have been told.”
“Chloe told being a big bitch-whore.” Emma giggles.
Chloe sneers, “Shut it, Emma.”
Jocelyn says, “Back to business! The beau will be escorted by me here into the ball room, where ya’ll beauties will seat individually upon a settee. Then the Beau makes his selection for the evening.”
“I wanna a tall handsome guy. No short dork like my prom date that Daddy got for me last year.” Emma sours.
“Me, too. My daddy should meet your daddy, Emma.” Trinity grins and nods at Emma.
“Naw. Then we both with be married to short dorks as our future husbands.” Emma grins and nods at Trinity.
“Good point, Emma,” Trinity giggles and nods.
Bethel frowns at Tyleigh. “I ain’t fucking no white boy.”
Jocelyn smiles. “Don’t worry! Twelve girls with twelve guys color-coordinated to suite, ya’ll,” giggles with the belles.
“I have another thought about that twelve-man concept, but I’ll share it later with you, Jocelyn.” Chloe leans and whispers to her.
“Ya know I don’t trust that bitch.” Emma leans into Trinity.
Trinity whispers. “Me, too.”
“You possess a white card and an ink pen under the brown bag.” Jocelyn holds the objects. “Please I want ya to jolt down your dream beau’s physical and personality attributes…”
Emma frowns. “Ya just said that the beau will make the belle selection. What’s the point in writing down my preference who’s big, strong, handsome…”
“Deaf, dumb and blind, only for Emma…,” giggles Bethel with the other belles.
“Shut it, Bethel,” Emma sneers.
“I know. I’m going to combine all the belle preferences when selecting the twelve beaus,” views each belle. “We’ll appear like a row of lovely flower mixture consisting of a rose on a thick green prickly thorn to a delicate lily to a great big yellow sun flower. Each beau will look handsome and act gentlemanly. I promise.”
“Can you guarantee the gentlemanly part, Jocelyn?” Trinity frowns with concern.
“No. She can’t. That’s going to be your second job when we all meet on Saturday morning for breakfast to discuss our victories or deflates.” Chloe giggles.
Jocelyn says. “I guess there’s going to be a lot of Saturday morning meetings. But let’s stick with the first evening of this Friday…”
“Gawd. Ya mean this coming Friday evening in four more days.” Emma parts her lips at Trinity.
“In three more days, belles, this is Tuesday.” Chloe giggles.
Jocelyn says, “The beau will select his belle then you and him will stroll straight up to your private bedroom. There will be ten minutes between an arrival of a new beau and the departure of a lucky belle from the ball room,” giggles.
“Why?” Emma frowns.
Trinity grins. “Well, for one we really don’t want the guys talking to each other.”
“Gawd. Guys gossip a lot worse then we do. They talk to each other all the time about sports and sex then trucks and sex and then girls and sex.” Emma giggles.
Spring nods at her sister. “I don’t want any beau…,” Spring nods at her sister.
“…talking about me.” Autumn nods back.
Jocelyn says. “Next you and him fuck.”
“You could say it with so much more flaring drama, Jocelyn.” Emma giggles.
“How long does the fucking take? Is it one minute? Fifteen minutes? One hour?” Trinity giggles.
Chloe grins. “I plan to explain that if Jocelyn ever finishes her long-winded belle lecture.”
Jocelyn frowns, “Fine, bitch. The first beau will arrive at 6:30 in the evening after suppertime. I picked that time period since we all will be very nervous. I strongly suggest not eating anything two hours before your fucking session, since ya might vomit on your beau’s chest or skull or dick.”
“Ugh.”
“O.”
“No.”
Jocelyn nods, “Fine, belles. But there’ll be no supper served to your Beau while he visits you. However your room will be stocked with lots of different snacks and beverages for the event including a six-pack of cold beer in your suite’s tiny refrigerator. I’m afraid no hard liquid, unless he or you supply it.”
“If I’m going to do this then I need alcohol. Where in the hell am I supposed to get a pint of whiskey at 6:30 in the evening, girlfriend?” Bethel frowns.
“Your prob, girl best!” Jocelyn giggles.
Trinity giggles, “Call daddy, Bethel.”
“Fuck off, Trinity.” Bethel growls.
Jocelyn nods. “I have laid out our plan. This Friday night. 6:30 pm. No supper. Your turn, Chloe..,” fingers her.
Chloe stands from the homemade bed, “Strip off your robes. Let me see your nude bodies.”
“No,” Mary Margaret shakes her curls sitting on the bed linens.
“Yee-haw!” Bethel cheers, stands and strips.
“Chloe’s a lesbo.” Trinity giggles at Emma.
“Why?” Emma frowns and sits on top of her bed linens like Mary Margaret.
Spring stands, smiles and strips with her sister. “We…”
“…will…,” Autumn giggles with her sister.
“Ya need to get used to exposing your naked body around other people. We don’t have any guys for our little experiment, so your sister belles will do just fine.” Chloe grins un-wrapping her pink silk robe, dropping it on top of the bed linens. She exposes a naked boyish small frame of five feet, two inches in height with rosy-beige skin tone, weighing about 109 pounds of slenderness. She possesses a black pixie on a round face with mint green eyeballs. She cups her small rosy-beige breasts with fingers slowly massaging the pink nips with two index fingers, stimulating herself. She smiles and giggles. The other belles gasp at her. Chloe swings to Jocelyn. “Take it off, doll.”
Jocelyn stands and smiles, unwrapping the silk robe as Emma giggles. “There should be music for Jocelyn’s provocative sexy body performance.”
Chloe watches Jocelyn stripe, “Good idea, Emma. That reminds me if you’re interested in playing music during your ‘Fuck Fest’…”
“That’s not a nice name, Chloe,” Peyton frowns getting undressed.
Chloe watches Zoey drop her robe. “If you want music during your Fuck Fest gimme your CDs or a listing of your favored music then I’ll get the audio staff to record you a bunch of tunes personally for you and your love mate.”
“Chloe’s a big bad bitch-whore.” Trinity giggles.
Chloe claps then fingers Jocelyn, smiling, “Very nice, Jocelyn! You got a great bod, girl best. Gimme some stats of your fine body?”
“Her pubic hair is red like the hair cut on top of her skull.” Emma stares at Jocelyn. 
Chloe touches her vagina hair then skull hair. “Yes, dumbass Emma! The hair down there is the same color as the hair on your head, sweet-tart,” giggles with the other belles.
“Six feet, two inches, 145 pounds, bra size 36 double D’s,” Jocelyn wiggles her breasts her manicured baby blue finger nails. She wiggles her hips shifting an exposed vagina of red pubic curly hair when the belles giggle.
“Chloe’s a lesbian.” Trinity giggles with Emma.
Chloe says. “Jocelyn told that we’ll charge 200 dollars for a belle. She’s worth at least 300 dollars. Jocelyn is tall with a pair of nice long legs, two big bold breasts, a small waist, and a fine nice ass on pretty pink skin tone without any flaws. She is the model body for the beau with a model’s mental mind frame.”
“I got a model body too,” Emma whines touching her breasts.
“Hush it, Emma.” Bethel studies Jocelyn playing with her own tits. Jocelyn twirls around the floor in a circle like a graceful dancer. Bethel giggles. “Her ass is too small, now my ass is just pretty nice.”
“We shall see, Bethel.” Chloe giggles. Jocelyn sits down on her make-shift bed. She leans into Jocelyn’s nose profile. “Remember that charge 300 dollars for you, dear. Emma stand. You model next, babe,” whispers to Jocelyn. “This is how we make up the difference in the missing dollars. Some belles will be worth 200 dollars, others will be more,” giggles.
Chloe strolls to Emma. “Emma possesses curly golden honey hair to her waist. Off with the robe, Emma.” Emma smiles then faces the belles. She stripes exposing her honey skin-toned. “She’s 200 dollars,” she views Jocelyn who writes the belle fuck price in a small notepad.
“I have a model’s body. My breasts are a bra size of 34 C’s,” touches her breasts. “I weigh 120 pounds at five feet and five inches.” Emma stomps her foot as her breasts jiggle.
Chloe winks at her. “You’re nice looking, Emma but no tall sexy Jocelyn. Do you tan, girl?”
“I turn more a honey color on my skin.” Emma views her honey-colored stomach then her pale white breasts.”
“Get yourself an even tan. Go and lay by the swimming pool this heated sunny afternoon and paint some color on your pale breasts and white ass…,” giggles Chloe with the other belles.
“Just spray yourself with a bottle of some pretend sun-tan lotion.” Peyton smiles.
“Naw,” Chloe frowns and shakes her curls. “That stuff stinks to high heavens to a guy’s nostrils. Lookie, we only get one shot at getting this right on Friday night within three days from now. If a beau selects ya then you’re his for the next nine other Friday evenings.”
Spring stares at Chloe. “We’re not going exchange beaus…”
“…like Christmas presents,” Autumn stares at Chloe. Chloe giggles at the two unique twins shaking her curls with fun amusement.
Trinity frowns. “Wonder if, I don’t like my beau that selected me…”
“Then it’s tough shit, Trinity. This is a business transaction, belles not a garden tea party.” Chloe says, “And keep the perfume pretty smelling, not suffocating the poor bastard. Don’t wear a lot of face foundation or eye shadow makeup either, maybe a pink pinch of blush for two cheekbones and use a pretty shade of lip gloss, not a thick oily lipstick.”
“Why not, lipstick?” Emma frowns.
“I’ll explain that later, Emma.” Chloe giggles shifting to Trinity “Stand, girlfriend! Show me your breasts, Trinity.”
Trinity towers over Chloe, smiling. She rips off the robe exposing coco-coloring skin tone, “Five feet, nine inches, 135 pounds mostly in my big bad 36 D’s cups,” giggles and massages her breasts, “…short legs but a long waist for a pair of warm beau’s paws,” giggles.
“Woof! Woof!” Bethel giggles with belles.
“Wow! A goddess is born.” Chloe smiles and nods. “Trinity is 300 dollars.”
“I should be 300 dollars too, Chloe,” Emma whines.
Bethel sits on the bed shaking her curls. “Naw, Emma. You’re pretty but Trinity is a gorgeous Amazon princess, girl best.”
“Bethel is a lesbo,” Emma sticks her tongue at Bethel.
Bethel growls, “Lucky for Emma, I’m dedicated to our lost cause. Or I’d be beating your face black and red with blood and bruises using my fighting fists,” tosses her fists.
Jocelyn nods to Bethel then views Emma. “Thanks for your devotion, Bethel. Sit down and shut the fuck up, Emma. You’ve been assessed at 200 dollars remember to do your 200-dollar lap dance majorette performance with your 34C cup breasts for the money, honey with your honey bear beau.”
Emma exhales sitting her naked ass on top of the bed linen.
Trinity sits her naked ass and crosses legs giggling at prissy Emma.
Chloe advances to the twins, “Spring and Autumn, our twins.”
Spring says. “Me…”
“….and me..,” Autumn smiles. They stand together hugging each other. They possess a million dollar smile of perfect white teeth, swishing waist-long platinum angel blonde side to side, jiggling a set of medium breasts on their naturally painted on a coffee-suntanned body frame.
Chloe smiles. “Do ya’ll twins always do activities together?”
Spring giggles, “Yes…”
“…and always…,” Autumn giggles
Chloe winks at Jocelyn then views the twins. “How tall are ya’ll?”
“Five feet…,” smiles Spring.
“…eight inches…,” giggles Autumn.
Chloe giggles. “Bra size?”
“Thirty-four…,” smiles Spring.
“….BB cups…,” smiles Autumn.
Chloe giggles. “I’m assuming that sister Spring is birthed first, since she always starts the talking conversation.”
“Me…first…,” Spring bounces with Autumn, giggling.
“…me…second…,” Autumn bounces with Spring, giggling.
Chloe giggles. “Excellent. Belles, Spring and Autumn will be our special selection for one lucky beau.”
“One beau? But there are two belles.” Emma frowns studying the twins. “You’ll be tossing away 200 precious dollars, Chloe sweet-tart.”
“Spring and Autumn will go for 500 dollars, our pair of cuteness.” Chloe nods with the other belles. The twins hug each other’s nakedness then hold their arms together bouncing and squeaking.
“Awesome idea, Chloe!” Jocelyn jolts the fuck price next to their names.
Emma whines. “Five hundred dollars for both of them.”
“I agree with ya, Chloe. The twin set will be an attractive display for one lucky beau guaranteeing a repeat visit of nine more times.” Bethel nods.
Trinity smiles. “The twins are nicely made. But I’d suggest that they suntan in the nude along with pale ass Emma this sunny afternoon and the other heated afternoons, before Friday evening. The sun tan will eliminate the tiny pale tan lines for a whole body coloration of beauty nudeness.” Spring tugs on Autumn moving towards the archway.
Chloe catches Spring shaking her curls. “Not right now, sweetie! We have homework to do after we finish assessing the prices for the rest of the belles. Have a seat, girls.”
“O,” smiles Spring.
“…kay…,” smiles Autumn. They sit on the bed linens side by side.
Chloe shakes her curls viewing Jocelyn who smiles with fun amusement, as well. Chloe pulls her naked body towards Tyleigh. Tyleigh stands, unwrapping her robe. She exposes her queen-sized breasts and matching butt checks of mahogany black. Jocelyn yells and smiles. “Lordy, girl, you are blessed by heaven.”
Chloe smiles and nods. “Black is beautiful. You are gorgeous, honey.”
Tyleigh wiggles her breasts and ass to an invisible song, “Thank you.”
Bethel stands ripping off the robe. She reveals a second queen-sized body of goddessness, smiling. “Big is beautiful.”
Chloe leans into Tyleigh, “You can make a patched potato sack like good, girl best.”
“Thanks,” Bethel smiles, swaying her nakedness with her breasts bouncing side to side on her shapely thick legs.
“Chloe’s a lesbian,” Trinity giggles as Chloe reaches for the nipple on Tyleigh’s breast.
“Chloe’s going to touch her breast,” Emma giggles as Chloe massages Tyleigh’s nipple.
Chloe smiles. “I’m bi-sexual last year, now boy-sexual this year. My parents dumped me into an all Girls’ school for my high school days with roaming and raging teen she-hormones. I fucked a lot of vaginas. I didn’t fuck my first dick until this summer. Man, let me tell ya. Penises are nice and full and round….”
“Finish this, Chloe. I’m cold,” Bethel rubs breasts.
Chloe smiles, “Fine. What’s your measurements, Tyleigh?”
“50…38…49. Bra size is a 40 DDD for delightful.” Tyleigh smiles while Chloe rubs Tyleigh’s breast.
Bethel giggles outlining her body with both palms. “I’m bigger, baby doll. 53…37…50. Bra size is 42 DDD for delicious.”
“Both Tyleigh and Bethel sells for 1,000 bucks, Jocelyn.” Chloe winks at Tyleigh, not removing her hands on Tyleigh.
“One thousand dollars, is that American or Spanish?” Emma giggles.
“Shut the fuck up, Emma.” Chloe sneers.
“Hurry this up, Chloe before the service staff arrives to ready our lunch meals. We don’t want to be looking like this. Someone might get suspicious of our unsupervised behavior.” Jocelyn writes down the fuck prices of each belle.
Chloe moves to the last belles. “Peyton, Zoey, Naomi, and Mary Margaret, get up and flip your robes off. Let finish this part of the exhibition since we got a little more homework to do before we break and eat lunch.” They stand ripping off their clothes, giggling and grinning at each. Mary Margaret ignores the command. Chloe studies without touching the girls. “Each belle possesses an average height of about five feet and six inches on a semi-pale body with an average bra size B cup. They are 200 dollars each, Jocelyn. Sit back down! Now, everyone tear off the brown paper on top of the magazine.” Chloe moves back to her homemade bed, sitting her naked ass on the linens, rips off the brown paper. She had purchased the whore equipment for herself before leaving home. Now, she is sharing her treasures. Chloe smiles at the beefy male on a front page naked as a jay bird with a big gleaming spray tan dick matching a spray tan coffee brown male body and two board shoulders.
“A girly magazine…”
“A real dick on a real male…”
“A real big and beautiful dick…”
“Do all males look like this, Chloe?” Emma fingers the front page photo.
“The ones paying for your virginity will.” Jocelyn giggles.
Chloe licks her index finger pad with the tongue then holds it in the air. She smiles at the belles. “Belles, you’re going to experience the optimal orgasm, you fucking you. You’re going to masturbate with your right index finger. So present to me your finger for inspection.” She orders. “Stick your finger into your mouth and lick it like a lollypop.” She watches every belle examine a finger then push it into a mouth then sucking on it for fun and giggles, “This is called foreplay. After you un-dress for your beau or he undresses you stick your finger into your mouth twisting it around and around. That’ll turn him and you onto the first step of a fun night of long lasting sex.” She watches each finger enter then close around the lips. “Halt! Keep your finger inside your closed lips. Stand tall and look at your next store belle’s hairy colored-coded vagina for dumbass Emma…”
“Shut the fuck up, Chloe!” Emma removes an index finger, cussing at Chloe.
“Look at the belle’s vagina. I bet you’re feeling really frisky and sexy. Just wait! You see a bunch of curly public hair between the belle’s legs like yours. Within that mess is hidden a vagina that we’re going to stalk and hunt like a tigress,” giggles. “So let’s go exploring. Place the towel under your ass. Lay on your back. Keep your finger inside your lips. Open your legs wide,” Chloe lies on her back muscles. “Pick up your girly magazine with the naked hunk, study his penis. Big. Round. Long. Close your eyes. Think of the beefy male. Drag your wet index finger from your mouth over your bottom lip down to your chin then gently touch your throat skin going down between your breasts. Think of the beefy male touching you, tickling your belly button, touching your abdomen. Drag your index finger down attacking your public hair then curl and twist it around your five fingers.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe plays with her pubic hair using her fingers. “The proper name for the outer genitals of a girl is called vulva. But we’ll call it a vagina for short since your beau will call it the same name. And let’s not confuse the beefy hunk before we get fucked,” giggles then smiles from her foreplay.
Emma says, “She didn’t riddle the joke, ya’ll.”
Bethel says. “Go and fuck yourself, Emma,” giggles then smiles.
Chloe says. “Feel the pad of fatty tissue with your index finger that wiggles up and down, side to side. The fatty tissue covers a bone which is below the abdomen but above the lips of the vagina. Use your index finger and massage it very, very slowly.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe touches her public hairs. “This is sexually sensitive to your touch like a finger or a set of lips. Have your beau gently massage this bone and fatty tissue, first to stimulate feelings as well as juices inside your vagina. Do ya feel it?”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “Move your index finger at the beginning top of the lips of your vagina but don’t enter. The lips are not covered in hair. Feel the soft pads of more fatty tissue, move your finger gently outlining the lips, so you can visual inside your mind what your beau will be doing. Believe me the creation gets ya hot and heated. Feel it?”
“Soft…”
“Stem-like…”
“A flower…”
Chloe giggles. “Close enough. It’s referred as your flower so we will call it that also. The flower varies in size, length, and color depending on your biological makeup. It can be long and thick or tiny and short and may look pink for red heads, black for brunette or brown for blondes…”
“Does your beau ask?” inquires Emma.
Chloe giggles. “He ain’t going to be asking about any coloration on your body. The flower has mega amount of sensitive nerve endings which make for some great sexual pleasure. Move your finger into your flower gently rubbing it back and forth then side to side make it feel so good.”
“Ah…”
“O…” 
“Aw…” 
Chloe says. “Slide your finger down into your clitoris which we have named your vagina. Rotate your finger round and round the bud-shaped part of your vagina. That’s your penis, if your beau is really stupid,” giggles with the other belles.
Emma asks. “Do I tell him that?”
Bethel giggles. “Dumb-belle.”
Chloe exhales. “Yes, Emma. I double dog dare ya to tell him that,” giggles at Emma.
“You’re a mean cunt, Chloe.” Emma shouts.
Chloe says. “Your clitoris is packed with lots of tiny nerve endings which become engorged with flowing warm blood during your sexual arousal.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “Your pubic hair sweats and produces oil from the surrounding glands. Don’t sweat it! Well, do sweat it! This is the sweet smell of sex, belles,” feels moist sweat on her fingers and smells sex within her nostrils, grins and pushes her fingers deeper into her vagina.
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “Your beau will lick the oil, sweat, and sweet juices of your lubrication off the vagina lips with his sweet breath making you jump into light speed sexual arousal.” She thrusts two fingers in and out of her sweaty vagina, creating excitement and more water.
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
 “Come and lick me now, Chloe.” Emma giggles.
“Shut the fuck up, Emma.” Jocelyn sneers.
Chloe says. “Move your index finger between the curves inside the inner lips. These are thin stretches of tissue that expands and contracts protecting your vagina. Your lips are either tiny or large protruding outward for a beau’s incoming penis.”
“I’m a virgin,” Emma giggles.
Chloe says. “I mean to explain, sweet-tart that the length of the vagina lips is either naturally short or long depending on your biological makeup, Emma. But after your first fuck the lips will change size to accommodate his great big dick size. The inner lips are the flower part of your body, which are highly reactive a tender touch of his single finger pad, then eventually his massive dick. Or the flower is highly sensitive to his lips, his fingers and then his dick. There are over 15,000 nerve endings here. Touch it!”
“A tingling…”
“A tickling…”
“A fucking…”
Chloe says. “Rub it. This is a prime spot for sexual sensation. Finger fuck your vagina. Feel the pleasure! Now, you’re getting hot stroking it back and forth inside your vagina. Lift your hips slightly from the bed linen. Continue to thrust in and out, you’re getting hotter.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
 Chloe closes her eyelashes shifting the fingers into her vagina. “The best way to understand your body is to fuck yourself. The vagina canal is three inches long so stuff can fit in there, cozy-like. Keep moving your finger down while locating more spongy tissue inside your vagina which is extremely sexually sensitive. Thrust your finger up and down either slow or fast for more pleasurable stimulation. I like slo mo.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
 Chloe says. “You can’t see your clitoris unless you’re a lesbian and want to lick my vagina, Emma,” giggles with the other belles.
Emma shouts. “Go to hell, bitch-whore,” exhales.
Chloe says. “Your clitoris is about three inches lengthways on average and lots of vertical for an average two-inch diameter dick to enter your vagina.”
“Does it hurt, Chloe?” Jocelyn asks.
Chloe says. “Yes. That’s why you’re playing with your vagina to understand what hurts and what doesn’t hurt. During sex the vagina will expand. Feel it getting wider and higher from your self-fuck. Thrust your finger in and out with a quicker pace and going deeper to experience more vagina expansion of both pain and pleasure.”
“I grow hot…”
“I grow sideways…”
“I grow in a circle…”
Chloe says. “Keep thrusting your finger in and out, baby. You’ll expand feeling like a circle of pain.”
“I feel pain…”
“I feel good…”
“I feel lusty…”
Chloe says. “That’s you wanting a fresh round pulsing dick inside to finish fucking ya very good!”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe giggles.  “Now, your vagina is open and ready for his dick. For ya’ll truly virgins…”
Emma shouts. “Me, the truly virgin. You, the truly not bitch-whore Chloe!”
Jocelyn stops fucking her vagina sitting on her ass. “Chloe means the hymen. You heard that term. The hymen in the old days before tampons where inserted into a vagina. When a young virgin married her beau on their wedding night he punched through her hymen causing it to bleed on the bed sheet. Then he would give the bed sheet to the virgin’s daddy as the symbol of her virginity,” giggles.
Chloe fucks her vagina. “The beau’s dick explodes the hymen creating extreme pleasure and sexual excitement, maybe some blood. Do not freak out! Run your finger deeper into your vagina receiving that lusty feel of flowing sexual excitement. Feel it!”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “During sex the vagina lifts upwards and extends up into your body creating a bowl-fitting shape hugging the penis for his forward and backward horizontal thrusting. Inside the walls of the vagina there are glands that secrete lubricating fluid. This is very important. The fluid keeps a vagina moist during sex and also lengthens the vagina canal for his big dick. Sex should not harm you. Never. Ever. If it does your then beau needs to do a finger-fuck on you until you bleed out white discharge over his hand.”
“Hey! I got white stuff on my fingers…”
“I have…,” Spring views her fingers, giggling.
“…white stuff, too…,” Autumn views her fingers, giggling.
Trinity views the twins then sits upright. “Jeezus, the twins are finger fucking each other.”
“I wanna see,” Emma sits upright watching Autumn and Spring. They thrust each other fingers back and forth into the other vagina. She smiles. “Gawd. That turns me on!”
“What about the g-spot?” Bethel smiles on her back, fucking her vagina.
Chloe fucks her vagina. “It’s either a myth or truth since all sex is extremely pleasurable. Use two fingers thrust deeper into your vagina then slide both fingers into the vagina, opening and squeeze on the tissues of your vaginal walls like you’re holding your urine. When you have hit the g-spot then you’ll feel the sensation to pee, since it’s located near the bladder.”
“I feel folds of tissue…”
“I feel soft skin…”
“I feel skin around my fingers…”
Chloe says. “During sex the vagina walls will expand to let the penis in then the wall tissues will close around it. Don’t let your beau scratch, grind, bite, or squeeze ya until you’re very well lubricated inside your vagina.”
“I feel warm…”
“I feel something hot…”
“Stop!” Chloe shouts then sits upright, smiling. “Look at the white towel under your ass.”
“I see blood,” Peyton frowns at the towel.
“I see my blood,” Naomi touches the bloody spot on the towel.
“I see nothing,” Emma brushes her hand over the wet spot from her vaginal fluids with no colored spot.
Bethel giggles. “Emma liked to play with herself doing vaginal sex time, before coming to Antebellum House.”
“What?” Emma frowns at Bethel.
Chloe giggles. “Your hymen popped way before our Fuck Fest today, Emma.”
“Emma’s the real whore.” Trinity giggles.
Chloe smiles. “Naw. She ain’t no whore. During the ancient times and modern days the hymen can rupture from any type of athletic exercise or using a tampon or engaging in fucking oneself at night in your bed during sleep time, Emma,” chuckles with the other belles.
“Shut the fuck up, Chloe,” Emma frowns.
Chloe says, “Your beau has been educated in the female anatomy, because they’ve been fucking whores since kindergarten. If he gets nervous or fumbles too slowly then guide his finger to the top of your flower to acquire that all important erotic stimulation, immediately. And remember a very important female fact your ovaries have more then 400,000 eggs since your birth. Inside your brown bag is a pink pill, so remember to eat the abortion pill the next morning, unless you want a baby.”
“No…”
“Nope…”
“Naw…”
Emma giggles. “What about really shoving something up your vagina, Chloe for fun?”
“Look inside your brown bag.” Chloe smiles and dumps the contents from the bag on her make-shift bed.
“Gawd…”
“A big penis…”
“A rubber ducky dick…”
Chloe holds the rubber penis, grinning. “A healthy man’s penis can expand during sex to about eight inches long and two inches in diameter.”
“Mercy. This is going to hurt being shoved up my vagina.” Trinity frowns at the rubber penis.
Bethel nods and smiles. “Merry. This is going to feel good being shoved up my vagina.”
“This is not battery-operated.” Emma twirls the rubber dick.
Chloe giggles. “Right Emma!” She views Jocelyn then whispers. “Psst! Don’t tell anyone but I think Emma is a real badass bitch-whore.”
Emma snarls. “Fuck off, Chloe. I like to read books about sex, not do sex acts like the only real bitch-whore in the classroom.”
“Since I’ve been insulted, correctly. Grease the tip of the rubber penis with the vas-oline for easy of peno-tration.” Chloe rubs the penis coating it with Vaseline. She plans to shove her pretend beau’s dick all the way up her vagina for a great masturbation sex act. She watches each belle swirl fingers around the vertical dick. She giggles with fun amusement then sours at Mary Margaret. Mary Margaret lies on her side facing the wall on top of her bedcover, not participating in the new whore game as Chloe views Jocelyn. They nod with the same mental thought of the innocent virgin Mary Margaret. Chloe swings to the other belles. “Your beau can perform foreplay with his penis too. Lay on our backs like I need to tell you the next upcoming steps. But I’m the instructor. Ya’ll have done your foreplay performance with excellence. And make shore your beau duplicates that same vagina show. Put your index finger into your flower for a second time and make sure your still dripping with vaginal wetness. If not finger fuck yourself for a second time for a few seconds.” Chloe watches each belles lie on their bed with their naked legs spread shoving an index finger into their flower, wiggling their digit up and down for fun and pleasure. She hears giggles and moans. The fucking sounds makes Chloe’s tummy ache for a hard sex act from a hard penis. She says. “Place the tip of the penis at the lip of your vagina then slowly move the tip up and down. Get familiar with the rouge texture stimulating more wetness for the final penetration. A real dick is soft but firm not hard and stiff.”
“Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe watches each belle hover the penis tip then slowly rotate the rubber up and down moaning with lusty pleasure. She grins then lies down on her back muscles spreading her legs wide, closes eyelashes. She centers the object near her heated skin, firmly shoving the hard tip into her vagina. She screams, “Ah….,” feels the roundness penetrates her tight hole. The vaginal walls immediately attack the love object with glee curving soft tissue, forming a bowl-shaped. The glands lubricant the rubber penis then she shoves it deeper into her vagina moaning with delight, “Ah…,” forgetting she is the instructor. She removes the penis creating intense pleasure and groans, “Ah…”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe lies on her back muscles inserting the rubber penis. “Gently shove the tip into your vagina with a little force. You’re a virgin, except for Emma who has never been touched by a wicked love object.”
“Fuck you, Chloe,” Emma yells.
Chloe hovers the penis at her vagina then slowly enters the hole thinking about a real beau’s dick going inside her. She feels dirty lust and joyous pleasure. She rams the tip between the folds of soft skin plummeting into a void of erotic happiness hearing the belles.
“Ah...”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “Thrust gently the penis back and forth, without pulling the rubber tip out of your flower.”
“Ah...”
“O…”
“Aw…”
 Chloe says. “Jerk the penis out of your flower, then ram it back inside, slowly.”
“Ah...”
“O…”
“Aw…”
Chloe says. “Shove your penis back and forth, fast.”
“Ah...”
“O…”
“Aw…”
 “Shove your penis into your flower back and forth, faster…,” orders Chloe.
“Ah...”
“O…”
“Aw…”
  Chloe smiles. “Belles, your dick fucking pleasure lesson is done. Sit upright!”
“I feel happy…”
“I feel dirty…”
“I feel horny…”
Chloe stands then swings towards the window, walking. She squats dragging a cooler hiding under the curtains into the middle of row of belles. She stands and giggles. “Every belle grab a popsicle,” watches. Each belle draws a paper wrapped licking sucking real sweet frozen popsicle. She giggles. “Don’t eat it, yet. Go back to your beds,” sits on her bed linens, ripping the white paper, reveals a cherry popsicle. “This is your beau’s penis. You’re going to practice oral sex using your lips, teeth, and gums on the popsicle. Rip off the paper! Lay down on your backs,” watches. Each belle lies on the bedding holding a pop-sicle away from their face as the colored water and sugar melts in the heated air onto their hand the floor. “Don’t worry about getting icky wet with the popsicle’s juice. A beau’s penis will get your face more wet,” giggles.
“Ugh…”
“No…”
“Yay…”
Chloe smiles. “Sex is good and sweaty. If you’re not sweaty then it wasn’t good enough. Open your mouth lips. Put the tip of the popsicle onto the top of your tongue and between your lips then close your mouth. During oral sex you breathe through nose holes or you suffocate and die,” giggles. “Just kidding. Oral sex uses your mouth and tongue, not your hands. I can’t talk you through the verbal steps, since I’m going to suck my popsicle’s dick too. So place the tip of the dick into your mouth then suck it, lick it or nibble it as it melts onto your tongue then shove it down as far as you like, without vomiting, which is a normal gag reflex for practice.”
“Ugh…”
“No…”
“Yay…”
 She giggles. “Fuck the popsicle at your own pace…,” sucks on the popsicle with the other belles. Chloe looks at Jocelyn then fingers Mary Margaret. Jocelyn and Chloe both stand and wrap their nakedness inside their robes as they pace towards the baby blue bedspread over Mary Margaret’s entire face. Mary Margaret tries not to see or hear the fucking session.
Chloe squats, not pulling off the bedcover from Mary Margaret’s eyelashes, whispers into the bed cover. “Go back to your room, Mary Margaret.”
Mary Margaret shifts then struggles to stand wearing the bed linens over her face like a funny baby blue ghost. Both Chloe and Jocelyn grab an arm helping her to stand.
They maneuver her towards the wall, so she doesn’t see the naked belles fucking a mouth with a popsicle. They pad towards the closed door when Chloe opens it. Jocelyn leads Mary Margaret outside into the cool breezeway then Chloe gently shuts the door, without disturbing the belles.
Mary Margaret quickly shuffles the hot bed linens from her distorted face, sneering with two inflamed cheekbones. Chloe whispers, giggling. “What’s your probe, sugar?”
Jocelyn snarls. “You’re part of the solution or part of the problem, honey.”
Mary Margaret leans into Chloe being the same height. “I know what the word fuck means. I know what a vagina and a penis does during a fuck. Leave me, alone. I’ll do my part on Friday night,” back-steps then turns towards the breezeway, marching out of sight.
Chloe exhales with miffness. “What’da ya think, Jocelyn?”
“I fucking don’t know.” Jocelyn folds her arm viewing the empty breezeway.
Chloe says. “Maybe we should exclude Mary Margaret, her heart isn’t into it.”
“She doesn’t need her heart, only her vagina.”
Chloe says. “Maybe we should reduce her price from 200 dollars to 100 dollars or nothing at all.”
“Can’t do that either? The beaus all know that there are twelve of us. If we adjust one belle’s fuck price then we will have to renegotiate all the belles. That’s the point of selling our virginity to the highest bidder, who’s a rich beau with cash. And her daddy like my daddy is not removing Mary Margaret from Antebellum House, since this is the only leverage of keeping the real estate property and running a school.”
Chloe studies the wall, frowning. “Some school!? There’s only twelve of us, here. Why’s that, Jocelyn? Where are the rest of the southern belles at Antebellum House?” 
“The school’s been undergoing some re-structuring. Daddy explained it to my mama while I was ease dropping over the telephone conversation, since I’m trying to graduate. The program here is called an independent study which means that you’re independent from the other kids and don’t really take any in-house academic classes. And he and the other daddies don’t want the building to be torn down, so they’ve decided that we stay until the university agrees to the landowner’s terms.”
“Which is when?”
“End of December…”
“And why are you becoming a whore?” Chloe giggles.
Jocelyn smiles. “Speak for your whoring self, Chloe. You’ve had some fun before coming here. I have had zero fun my entire life. This Friday night is going to be really fun for me for the first time in twenty one years,” giggles.
“So back to my first argument this is not fun for Mary Margaret. We shouldn’t make her participation, if she doesn’t want to interact with a beau.”
Jocelyn slaps on Chloe’s collar bone, nodding. “We’re a sisterhood. She needs to learn that now, not later. Let’s get back inside the ball room, before the girls get suspicious.”
“Fine,” Chloe smiles and follows behind Jocelyn.

Mary Margaret’s bedroom. 11:08 am.
She gently shuts the door then drops the bundle of bedcovers and linen sheets to the floor. She crawls into the settee anchored between the west and north windows in the cool shadow of a bright room. Mary Margaret drags an old-fashioned pink landline princess telephone from the bedroom nightstand preferring to talk on the cute phone rather than the small mobile phone which can show a swollen crying red face. She presses the square keys one-at-a-time with her lime green-painted manicured fingernail for the familiar telephone number, waiting on the connection. She hears the familiar male then says. “Hi, Daddy.”
Pause.
She wipes the tears and mucus, whining. “I miss you a lot, too. Can you and Mama come and pick me up on Friday after my school sessions?”
Pause.
She wipes the tears and mucus then exhales. “O! You and Mama are flying to Mobile for a charity dinner banquet. That’s so nice, Daddy. Ya know I can tag along for the event then you can bring me back to Antebellum House on Sunday afternoon right after church…”
Pause.
She sours. “Yes, sir! There’s a charity ball on Friday night here at Antebellum House, too. Who told you that, Daddy?”
Pause.
“Yes, sir! I have lots of pretty dresses for the social event that Mama selected for me. I guess I’ll wear a red one.”
Pause.
“Thanks, Daddy. I always try to look pretty for you and Mama, being a proper southern belle,” exhales. “Well, I find…school…hard…harder than I thought, Daddy.”
Pause.
“My classes are different from my old high school, Daddy.”
Pause.
“I like my needlepoint class the best, sir. I’m very good at cross-stitch needlepoint. Ya know Grandmother Cantwell taught me as a child to be a good stitcher.”
Pause.
“I’m making some new friends, Daddy. Ya know we’re all southern belles here. We’re all like sisters here.”
Pause.
“Hi, Mama.”
Pause.
“Yes, ma’am. You had told me that, too. And they have told me that we’re a sisterhood doing everything together.”
Pause.
“O! I sound tired. Well, I’m very busy, maybe a little stressed, Daddy along with being a little tired. I’m having trouble sleeping in a new bed, not quite dreaming of unicorns and tiaras, Daddy.”
Pause.
“What do I think? You’re so sweet, Daddy. I think that I need a tiny bit of medication for a better sleep to do well in my new classes, especially in my new needlepoint class. I shore don’t want to slip up with that sharp needle puncturing my finger.”
Pause.
“What would I prescribe? Yes, sir! I’m going to be a good physician like both you and Mama. Well, I’d pick for me the drug called methanqualone.”
Pause.
“Why methanqualone, Daddy? Well, I remember studying when I took that electronic test to become a pharmacy technician like you and Mama wanted me to do. I proved how smart I was in the chemistry sciences section passing it with 97 points out of 100.”
Pause.
“Methanqualone is prescribed to reduce anxiety during the day and as a sleeping aid at night for a good rest.”
Pause.
“Yes, sir! I know that. Methanqualone is a commonly abused drug with both a physical and a psychological dependence on the user. It can cause danger of instant death from a car accident caused by a faulty judgment and a bout of drowsiness. Plus the user appears like she sleepy from exhaustion, but really is in a coma from an overdose of the drug, which can lead to death,” giggles.
Pause.
“I remember all that, Daddy.”
Pause.
“But Daddy I don’t have my personal car here, since I’m not allowed to drive away from Antebellum House for any reason.”
Pause.
“You’re funny, Daddy. I’d make a good lawyer, if I wasn’t going to be a good physician like you and Mama. Yes, sir! I’d be on the lookout for an express package from you tomorrow afternoon containing the sleep medication. Thanks, Daddy.”
Pause.
“Good-bye. I love ya too, Daddy. Good-bye Mama. I love you, Mama.”

Saturday night. 5:58 pm. ball room. Belle Trinity and her beau.
Trinity sits inside the Louis XVI long sofa of silver and gold rosettes. The silver cushion leather seriously clashes with her periwinkle blue antebellum dress over itchy stiff crinolines, tickling her naked legs.
She nervously fluffs the ends of the gown expanding the fabric into four-feet of blue across the silver leather then fiddles with her brown curls cascading down her shoulder. She appears like a southern belle from yesteryears. She practices the smile pouting her lips like fish then expands them to fit the proper width of her good teeth. She bounces excitedly in her matching summer sandals tapping a silent beat on the tile.
She cups both hands into a lap like Mary Margaret does.
Mary Margaret slumps against the fabric of her sofa displaying her parted black hair with a middle line white scalp like she’s going to hurl on her dress hem. She sits inside the middle sofa of three sofas lining the north wall behind the weirdly decorated low windows. 
The first sofa holds pretty honey-blonde Emma, the cute twins of Spring and Autumn, then Trinity. Trinity fumes with fury at Jocelyn who has purposefully selected this awful position presenting her eternal beauty of belle-ness.
Each beau will select his belle based on her appearance knowing Jocelyn, a little too well. Trinity bets that Jocelyn will present all the handsome beaus, first before the ugly beaus appear. Jocelyn told her in secret that she had to personally entertain the last one for some dumb reason, making Jocelyn both envy and jealous of Trinity.
Trinity wants a nice beau to drool over her face, since this will be the first time she gets to kiss a boy, without her parents spying on her honey brown ponytail. Since the twelve year old boy tried to kiss her right cheekbone during the church lunch her Daddy stopped the sweet maneuver, the best of her yesteryear’s past romantic encounters.
She grins and hears the cowboy boots coming down the breezeway then giggles with giddiness. She watches the open archway tilting her jaw line to the right, not with whore ambition, either. She bounces with extreme excitement hearing the faint voices along the outer walls.
Jocelyn appears with the first beau cuffed to her arm.
She grins and flirts with the cute male who stands at six feet, four inches. Jocelyn is six feet, one inch with a pair of three-inched summer sandals making them the same height. He wears a pair of orange-colored ostrich leather cowboy boots, the softest animal leather along with a distinctive pattern of bumps or quills in midnight black-color. The orangey quills circle the boot foot. He stands in faded black jeans paired with a solid black cotton short-sleeved T-shirt outlining his nice deltoids, biceps, and triceps. His olive-tinted round biceps match his smiling face of olive. The most striking feature, his shaved shiny bald head of olive-tint makes Trinity heat and lust dirty with her teen hormones of pleasure.
Jocelyn smiles and scans the belles. “Belles, please welcome our first beau. Beau, meet our lovely belles. Go and find your princess, sir!” The beau elegantly strolls from the archway, grinning with a goofy smile. Trinity studies each belle then stares at his smile. He starts his journey at the north wall. She nervously bounces on the sofa wishing to stand and yell for his undivided attention.
She likes his physical features of cuteness, tallness, and hunky-ness when he struts in the black cloth armor, scouting each southern teen. He slowly pads then passes gorgeous queen-sized Tyleigh, mousy Mary Margaret and beautiful queen-sized Bethel. He turns left smiling and nodding at petite Chloe, pretty Naomi, lovely Peyton, and cute Zoey, and then quickly moves away from the second section of sofas. He turns left then stops in front of Trinity, grinning. She grins so wide her cheekbones are going to split and blood over her dress.
He extends his arm like a good southern gentleman to Trinity. She swiftly stands roughly grabbing his bicep. He cuddles her when they grin at each other. She says. “Hi, I’m Trinity.”
He smiles, whispering into her face. “You’re beauty, Trinity. I’m Stan, the man by the way…,” cuddles and collides her cheekbone into his soft shaven face and bald skull then chuckles with man excitement.
“Thank you…,” she smiles as they walk and pass Jocelyn towards the archway. 
Jocelyn smiles and waves. “Nighty-nite, Trinity.”
She ignores Jocelyn focusing on Stan. He smiles and studies her. She says. “Good-night, Jocelyn.”
“Later, Jocelyn,” He smiles at Trinity then they exit into the breezeway. He studies her from head to toes. “Your dress is pretty. I always enjoy complimenting the entire girl from hair roots to toe nails. They’re all baby blue.”
She giggles. “Thank you! I…I think your very handsome. I like your baldness,” smiles.
He exhales and smiles at her. “I feel like I’m going on a blind date but not blind. I mean I’ve never been on a completely blind date. Since I had somewhere met the girl that I took on a planned date before at a party or at school. This is very different but very exciting and kinda sexy like you. You’re very sexy, Trinity,” winks.
She blushes and bows her chin viewing the breezeway. “Thanks.”
Stan almost kisses her cheekbone with his words. “I don’t know anything about you. I want to know a lot about you…your interests? Your hobbies?”
Trinity fingers the room. “We can climb the stairs in the belle parlour room towards the belle garconniere. It’s a quicker path.”
Stan shakes his baldness then stops and separates from her. He frowns and fingers the room. “The staircase’s haunted.”
She taps into his open arms then he cuddles her, nodding. “How do you know that?”
He elegant swings them towards the front yard then turns right walking along the front portico passing the rocking chairs. He nods and smiles. “I attended here during my undergraduate days working on my history degree, before I started Bam U Law School. All the beaus came from here before we built Rebel Den. Something’s damn strange about that staircase. Over the years brave or foolish beaus would challenge the she-demonettes,” chuckles. “That’s a female version of demon, since them she-ghosts are not nice dead southern belles.” She giggles at his silliness as they turn right strolling down the west side of the portico. He says. “And each beau failed sometimes on their knees or their faces depending on which she-ghost attacked a human body part. After eye witnessing the silly fools along with my only single challenge to a she-ghost, my selfie felt a chilled cold sensation blew across my cheekbone. It felt like five fingernails of a ghost. Man, I’m thoroughly convinced that something haunts that staircase. So’s I learned to stay clear, since all the belles did along with the teachers. I mean this here building is really old. During ancient times folks got sick and died under their bedcovers and under mysterious circumstances.” They walk up the grand staircase.
She fingers her room on the left on the first level across from Mary Margaret’s chamber then frowns. “Who are the she-ghosts?”
“One was murdered during the War of 1814. One died when she get drunk, the best explanation. She died accidentally falling off the watch tower that’s the fifth level of the house. It had been locked, sealed, and bolted during my entire school days, when I lived here. The watch tower is for watching, not dancing, because there ain’t no proper balcony railing for spying on pretty belles or a protective overhang for bad weather for kissing on pretty belles,” winks. “The third was a formal teacher who passed away in her room here at the house.”
Trinity views the floor then him. “O! So, sad!” He grabs the knob opening the door like a southern gentleman, smiles with a nervous chuckle. She enters first like a southern belle.

Trinity’s room.
Her private bedroom holds an ivory-colored marble four posted bed frame with a series of looping and draping dull colored satin ivory curtains down to the floor. The door closes, without any sound behind his ass, since the door spring loaded hinges work too perfectly catching the heavy five foot wide door.
He smiles and scans her bedroom. “Country music, I like…”
Trinity swings in a half-circle, giggling then flings a sandal from her foot. It lands near the wall around the door. She flicks the other sandal towards the door but it bounces to the armoire holding her clothes.
He smiles and winks. “I like that too.”
She looses the belt freely breathing trying to look sexy in a 200-year-old fashion statement then giggles. She wiggles her as the dress explodes into a pretty potato sack covering her body. The v-collar fits her breast size, not the waist size, without the use of zips, buttons or hooks in the rear back of the elegant ball gown.
A real plantation dress is made to pull tightly around the waist with a fabric belt of satin, cotton, leather or silk then widen to three feet or move around the floor like merry-go-round for prancing like pretty ponies or dancing like ballerinas for the ball.
He watches her jerking off his shirt exposes his peachy-beige chest with ripples of muscles from deltoids to biceps to triceps to eight-packed abs as she growls. He dumps the shirt on the floor as she drops sways side to side. His hands tenderly drop the ruffled collar from her neckline exposing her pale naked breasts down the waist. Trinity is not wearing a bra.
He smiles not physically doing more. He holds the dress fabric with both hands studying her breasts then her face. “You’re beauty, Trinity.” She reaches for his naked chest when he back steps from her. “Wait! We both finish under dressing each other.”
He unties her three small cute bows from the stiff crinoline watching all items fall with the help of gravity down to the floor as she unlatches his leather belt dropping it on top of her crinolines. They stand close enough to fire a chimney. She un-buttons his jeans as he picks one-at-a-time the zillion individual hair pens holding her brown hair.
Her hair falls to the shoulders, straight and shiny from the overhead lights. He lays the hair pins behind her shoulder, without tickling her nakedness as Trinity watches him maneuver around her.
She stands almost naked except for her lace panties in the room watching his smile and his briefs. They giggle. She touches his waistband when he thumbs her panties. They drop their drawers at the same time then bump foreheads together.
“Ouch…,” he frowns and stumbles backwards against the entertainment center holding the television. She studies his frown then they giggle at each other’s naked performance. He gently touches her hand lifting and balancing her nakedness from the clump of belle clothing around her ankles.
She lifts her foot hopping on the other foot as he duplicates her native dance freeing his jeans and boots around his ankles. They giggle at each other’s naked performance.
He releases her hand then squats gathering the pile of clothes, standing and pondering where to dump the lump of satin. Stan views the closet then the bathroom, then floor, and finally the settee in the corner wall, a medium-sized sofa, without any arm rests. She follows his head nod then frowns at the settee’s color.
The plaid green, red, and blue vividly clashes with the ivory linens on her bed and dark brown wooden armoire holding her clothes. All the furniture pieces look ugly against the purple metal desk holding a sleek laptop for accessing her on-line academic classes, Trinity ponder if Antebellum House needs more US Federal Government money to upgrade the academic facility and campus.
Stan dumps the clothing into a semi-neat pile on the settee then swings to her. His elongated penis sways in a different direction. She giggles bowing her chin and praying for thanks that this is not the year 1859. Belles wore a set of long cotton legged pantaloons, a pair of silk stockings with a set of leather ankle boots covering her innocent naked hairy legs. The modern-day Antebellum House allows a girl to wear summer sandals on her naked feet exposing her newly neon nail-polished toenails for all eyeballs to admire. She views her toes painted in a dull baby blue wondering if she should’ve re-painted them a pretty girly pink then giggles.
He walks then pulls out and searches the first drawer of the dresser built into the entertainment center holding some of her personal dressing clothes. He says. “The room’s North Arctic temperature hovers at 58 freaking degrees Fahrenheit with no obvious air-condition thermostat to control the fridge air flow. You should wear a pajamas top until…,” chuckles and winks at her. “We get hot and heated.” She giggles and stomps to the second drawer flinging out her favorite pair of pajamas in flannel candy pink with the cute little white poodle dogs all over the fabric being served tea or soaking in a tub or eating food out the drawer. She jerks the top over her naked shoulders leaving the rest of her exposed, wonders why he is taking so long to kiss, touch or attack her with any degree of lust or passion. He gently grabs her wrist where the long-sleeved pajamas top falls from her shoulder blade.
His eyeballs follow her skin from the wrist to the elbow as she watches him with intrigue. He says. “I study veins.”
She giggles and grins. “You’re a vampire.”
He studies her wrist, not face, “Naw. If the veins on your wrist have a purple tint that means you’re allergy to silver and gold jewelry and should wear platinum bands. A dark-skinned girl based on her olive skin type has a set of greenish-tinted veins on her wrist which means she should wear gold jewelry, not silver or platinum. A bluish tint goes very well with a piece of smooth silver jewelry on any particular pretty pale complexion that I happen to see here,” smiles at her. “The color of skin is a pigment color different from your red blood, where lots of pigment color makes black skin with a small amount of pigment creates the white skin-tone. Below our epidermis there’s a series of white veins and capillaries which give our white skin a pinkish tone. But when the sunlight hits the red blood, it creates a lovely blue or green or purple line of beauty,” lifts her wrist to his mouth tenderly kissing it as she studies the oval shape of his skull beautifully handsome with a set of wide cheekbones that a fashion model would envy. The wide of his jaw line and forehead are equal in length making his baldness well-balanced along with the feeling of sexy and attractive to her. She blushes when he gently touches both her wrists pulling her to his heated nakedness. He smiles at her. “Our blood has a chemical in it called hemoglobin, which is red. A spider’s blood has a chemical in it called hemocyanim which turns green-blue color. When we blush our blood capillaries expand giving us a new color which is something bright red or pretty pink over our cheekbones that reflects throughout our skin. That what’s happening to you now, Trinity. You’re pale skin is a bright pink. I like,” smiles. “Blood is really a dark crimson with tiny specks of blue. When the air oxygen hits it the blood turns into a brighter red,” caresses her wrist. “See the tiny white veins from your wrist to your elbow of your inner arm shines with a beautiful blue tint that means I gotta a buy ya a great big diamond ring with a silver wedding band,” chuckles.
She giggles and blushes with his talk of rings for a wedding. “Stan, you’re too much.”
“Not as much as you’re going to love that diamond ring,” pulls her into his body. She feels his penis again her abdomen, since we’re almost the same height. He kisses her lips then releases his sweet breathe, smiling at her. “I should make the introductions as taught by my southern mama,” fingers his penis. “My little guy met Trinity. Trinity met my little guy.”
“Well, I’ll make introductions as well,” giggles and fingers her vagina. “My flower met Stan. And my flower is very excited about meeting both Stan and his little guy,” giggles.
He about faces holding her hand then leads to the bed. “They still leave the bedcover neatly folded down from the pillows. That’s a nice touch. And there’s a pink rose on the linen pillow,” she nods even my mama doesn’t turn-down the bed sheets for her baby girl at home, giggles. He jerks the bed cover to the bench leaving the top bed sheet in tact under the pillows, grabs the rose.
Stan swings and smiles then touching her nakedness with his hands and his little guy, “…for my girl,” brushes the rose to he nose. “How’ya feeling, darling?”
She blushes. “I feel a little cold but a lot of nerves.”
He kisses her then emerges, smiling. “It’ll take me some time to get you lusty hot. Climb up. Lay your head on the pillow,” shifts the pillows for her pleasure. She lies her curls on the pillow, her feet down towards the foot board then he straddles her hovering over her belly button, smiling with lust. He taps playfully the rose on her forehead. “Now. Close your eyes and dream of me.”
“Okay,” she feels the softness of the rose tip on the crown of her forehead fall down each eye sockets then her nose tip, down her lips, and it stops. She feels him hover over her face then kisses her parted lips, very gently. He sighs with pleasure then hovers over her body.
He touches the rose to her lips for a second tip down her chin then sails it onto her chest between the breasts as the petals tickle both her pleasure and amusement. He shifts the rose between her rib cage down to her waist then tries to poke the soft petal in her outie belly button as she giggles.
“Damn, it won’t fit.” He chuckles and tickles her stomach then stops at the beginning of her pubic hair, “End of the line..,” growls then chuckles. “So we start from the top again. Don’t open your eyes.” She feels him shift over her like a dark shadow then touches her forehead with his warm index finger. He shifts his finger between her eyes down her nose tip, and down to her parted lips. He leans down then kisses her lips. He lifts his lips from her face as she opens her eyelashes. He whispers into her face. “Now think nasty dirty sex thoughts of me. Keep your eyes closed. This little thing is called foreplay. A very important play in getting your flower petals open for my little guy,” kisses her nose, “before you enjoy my fucking pleasure, sweetheart.” He touches her throat with his finger when she closes her eyelashes. He runs his finger slowly between her breasts when she gets excited. He slowly slides his finger between her rib cage, bumping over each bone then down to her waist. He plays with her belly button for a second time using his finger then whispers. “Damn, it won’t fit.” She giggles while he drags his finger down her stomach then touches the edge of her pubic hair. He stops lifting his finger from her heated body. “Start at top, again.” She giggles and opens her eyelashes, staring at his smile. She feels warm and happy as he smiles. “The tongue is the strongest muscle in the body. Did ya know that?”
I smile. “No.”
He smiles. “Close your eyes,” she closes her eyelashes when he licks her forehead with his warm wet tongue making her feel lusty anticipation. He kisses her forehead then licks it. He kisses each eye then licks it with his tongue. He kisses her nose then licks the tip. He jumps down between her breasts kissing and tickling with his lips then licks it. He licks and kisses each breast then jumps to her belly button. He kisses and licks her belly button then her stomach and stops at the edge of her public hairs.
She opens her eyelashes, staring at his smile.
He parts her legs then dips his head when she leans into the pillow closing her eyelashes. She feels his gently strokes with his tongue. He licks and then kisses her pubic hair for fun making her body get warmer from the cold air circulating around the room. His tongue moves up and down at a steady cadence through her public hairs as she feels her body change from nervous to excitement then from cold to hot.
“O…,” she parts her lips when he rotates his tongue around the outer lips of her flower. She feels heat lifting her hips for a deeper penetration of his tongue with her excitedly pleasure and lusty dirty. He plunges his face below her hip bone as she watches his bald skull work up and down at her vagina. He uses the tip of his tongue to lightly lick her flower as she groans with delight. “Ah…,” she parts her lips. Her nerve endings tickle with delight. He flicks the tip then twirls it around the outer lips of her flower then dips his tongue into my inner lips. She explodes into new raw emotional sensations of lusty dirty and excitedly pleasure. “O…,” groans in delight. He places his mouth and lips on her wet flower, gently sucking the gathered vagina lubricant from her hole as I scream, “Ah!
He stops his warm tongue licking then uprights his face, smiling at her. She feels the warmth leave her body. He chuckles, “Want more.”
“Yes…,” she parts her lips when he circles his finger around her inner lips. She feels lust and pleasure.
He chuckles, placing his face into her flower then tongue lashes. He gently blows a sweet breathe on her pubic hair as she giggles reaching a new height of erotic pleasure prolonging the anticipation of their first fuck.
Then he stops.
He crawls over her nakedness, dragging the tip of his tongue, travels from her flower to her stomach then to her waist, and to her rib cage. He stops then sucks each breast nipple then replaces his tongue and kisses between two breasts. He licks and drags his tongue up her nakedness towards her throat, her chin and then into her open mouth. He sucks her lower lip.
He shoves her parted lips open with his sweet tongue attacking her taste buds with the favor of spice from my vaginal juices.
They moan in pleasure.
He paints his tongue inside her mouth dripping in and out as their mouth salvia puddles around their lips like the popsicle juice on her chin during her masturbation session with Chloe.
He hovers over her face then inserts his two fingers into her flower roughly massaging in and out when she groans in lusty dirty. He lifts his face then attacks her tongue with his tongue. They play for domination when he roughly massages her breast with his hand making her feel lusty dirty all over, wanting more.
She moans to his groan then he stops rising his arms. He chuckles. She frowns at him. He smiles. “Lay back down on your back with your legs scooted against your butt. I’m going to place my little guy on your stomach like a little kid. Don’t touch! Just watch it!” His glowing little guy is elongated in seven inches with a thick peachy-beige colored diameter of two inches.
 She giggles at his man-sized penis dripping with sparkling moisture then twinkles with his man-juice. It wiggles side to side over her tummy. She whispers and watches. “It’s alive.”
He slides his penis back and forth on her tummy then drops it below her belly button. He drops it further passed her hips gently touching the top of her pubic hair. She giggles when he smiles at her. “This is the best position of penetration sex, body to body. Then we can try some of my favorite positions,” lies on top of her. She feels the weight of his tallness and heaviness against her nakedness then he lifts up using his bulging biceps.
Her eyes shift back and forth from biceps to deltoids then tries to see his little guy but it waivers below his hips. He hovers on his bicep wiggling the tip of his little guy against her flower making her jolt with a powerful sensation of lusty dirty. He gently moves up and down along the lips of her flowers as she closes her eyelashes enjoying the new erotic pleasure.
He slowly tickles her hair, skin, and the lips of her flower pulling the tip away from the opening then uprights. He kneecaps gently touching the lip of her flower with the tip of his penis. He nods, smiling. “You’re good and wet. That’s good. Are you ready?’
“Yes…,” she parts her lips closing her eyelashes.
“Trinity…”
“Yes…”
“Trinity, look at me, honey. Open your eyes.” He stares at her when she smiles and uprights on her elbows, smiling. He exhales leaning into her smile. “Baby, this is going to hurt you, maybe me a little bit, too but you a lot bit, honey.”
“I….” she exhales. Chloe didn’t cover this in her masturbation class.
He presses his fingers together. “Honey, you’re a virgin. You’re about this big.”
“O…,” she exhales then shivers from fear.
“Baby, I want to you hold on to my arm like a baby, scratch like a cat on arm, scream like a hawk in my ear. Since this is going to hurt ya, honey. I can’t help it,” exhales and nods.
“O…,” she exhales with worry.
He nods. “Hold my arm,” she grabs his bicep. “Good, babe! Now I’m going in. It’ll hurt at first then your vagina wall with expand,” smiles. “Then your vagina will cuddle my little guy like a lost little teddy bear,” chuckles. “Then we are one, sweetheart together forever.” She smiles at his sweet declaration. He gently lies over her body with his legs parting her legs lifting his left side to see her flower. He guides his little guy with a right hand.
She feels his heated skin touch the lips of her flower then intense pain. “Ah,” pants and pulls on his bicep when his little guy pierces the outer lips of her vagina. “Ah,” screams and pants for air trying to escape the pain, missing the pleasure. She yanks on his bicep when he viciously punches through the soft tissue of her vagina. She scratches and claws on his bicep from the pain. “Ah,” screams into his ear then pants for air then the pain stops. “Aw,” sings and smiles. She feels her vagina walls curling around his penis making her warm and happy, no pain.
They are one.
He hovers over her body in sweat and smiles with sweet tenderness etched into his eyes. He tenderly kisses her, “Great job, darling. Now I’m going to move in and out. I gotta mold some room for my little guy. So…”
“More pain…,” she exhales almost sobbing.
He nods then smiles. “A little pain, your flower will conform fast then we’re more than one. Hold on to my arms and scream to the heavens, Trinity. I promise this is going to be great.”
“O…,” she exhales. He thrusts his penis deeper into her vagina. “Ah,” she screams and pants for air digging her manicured fingernails into his biceps. He doesn’t yell shifting his penis in and out of her vagina. She screams. “Ah,” pants then breathes blooding his biceps with her nails. He thrust faster then withdraws his penis. Trinity pants then breathes from pain and pleasure smiling at him. He kneecaps when she frowns. “What’s wrong?”
He smiles, exhaling. “Nothing, sugar! I’m so excited about fucking you that I’m about to ejaculate. So I’m holding it.”
She uprights on her elbows, frowning at his sweaty forehead. “Holding it for me, but why Stan?”
He smiles. “To kiss and hug and continue our lovemaking, so it lasts all night long until dawn. Bend your knees. This is going to feel really good.”
She shifts her legs from underneath his kneecaps then bends her knees. He enters his little guy slowly moving in and out with a merry beat as she feels a new intense sensation of dirty lust. She grins and giggles with selfish delight. He closes his eyelids tossing back his baldness. They enjoy getting aroused when she smiles during the thrust of pleasure. “Aw.”
He stops.
Stan stands on his kneecaps when his little guy wiggles and waggles smiling at her with sparkling man-juices leak from the tip. He drags the tip towards the opening of her flower. He chuckles while she giggles and experiences a fluttering inside her tummy like thousand butterflies want free. He sweetly strikes her flower with the tip of his little guy up and down teasing and taunting her.
“Do it!” She smiles.
“Naw,” he winks and chuckles.
“Please. I can’t take the anticipation anymore.”
“Naw,” he winks rubbing very smoothly the wet tip of his little guy against her flower. She wiggles her hips then jerks her butt towards his little guy trying to force it inside. He chuckles, “Naw.”
“Your moves are turning me on, Stan,” she winks, smiling.
“You are turning me on, Trinity,” he winks, smiling then thrusts his little guy into her flower with a powerful force.
She screams. “Aw,” feels delight and pain then screams, again. “Aw.”
He thrusts back and forth. “Go girl, scream your head off.”
“Aw,” she screams in delight.
“Uh…,” yells Stan in lust.
“Aw,” she screams in delight then explodes inside her body seeing thousands of white stars within her closed eyelashes. She feels lusty dirty and excitedly pleasure shivering with heat.
 Stan performs short thrusts with his penis empting his sperm into her vagina then collapses on top of her nakedness.
She sighs with erotic pleasure, wraps her arms around his sweating body.
They breathe in stillness.
She rubs her hand across his back muscles. “Stan, darling! I feel…pleasure,” smiles at her new mind and body sensations.
He exhales. “O baby! I feel you, and that pleasure, and that other stuff,” smiles then curls into her body.
She draws her legs from underneath his chest seeing the stain. She gasps. “There’s blood on the top bed sheet.”
He tosses his arm then touches her sweaty face, smiling. “Yee-haw. I’m your whore-man, you be my whore-woman, babe,” being happy and pleased with his virgin soul mate.
She frowns. “Stan!?”
He chuckles and touches her lips. “Okay. You’re my little sex goddess. How’s that! My little guy wants to smell your flower, one more time. Then I promise and cross my heart he’ll fall fast asleep,” kisses her lips, finger fucking her flower. She giggles.

6:11 pm. ball room. Mary Margaret and her beau
Mary Margaret is blind, since her eyelashes are closed shut. She tilts her pointy chin of her heart-shaped face deep into her naked neckline of the ugly antebellum dress. She sits on top of the pretty pink and silver silk cushioned Louis XIV settee. She didn’t know that Louis XIV built settees in the color of pink making her and her dress match.
Her two-inched summer sandals are hot pink coated leather stretching over her naked toes making her stand taller at five feet and three inches. But her pretty sandals are flat on the flooring, without a visual fidgeting like Trinity. In the yesteryears of her past Mama would pinch the top of her left hand, if she dared to wiggle in eye view public acting out bad kiddie behavior.
Her hands cup gently into the soft fabric of the gown displaying her lime-green manicured fingernails with no facial makeup presented on her precious skull. She has white skin inherited from an English great-great grandmother with a set of black wavy hair, a pair of red thin lips, no coloring on her apple cheekbones.
Her Mama never allowed her the luxury of cosmetic makeup products for her only child. Mary Margaret had painful jerked her long hair strands from her face and shoulders into a rough round ball at the nape of the skull. The hair ball sags like a set of old tits on her grandma making Mary Margaret un-kept and un-couth ugly southern belle.
She purposefully selected the ugliest dress in her wardrobe closet at Antebellum House. The gown decorates in a bright puke green like mouth vomit. Her Mama tried and failed at a single delicate hand of clothing design creating an off-the-shoulder neckline surrounded by three rows of puke green lace that took her and her Mama two weeks, three day, four hours, and eighteen minutes to find at the seventh Fabric Store inside metro city Birmingham.
The lace is one inch in length going round and round a narrow set of thin bony shoulders, attacking her 32AA cupped tiny breasts. The thick lacey bands pretend to be a set of big breasts balancing out the three-foot wide plantation skirt on bottom showing off her tiny waistline with a thin hot pink velvet belt. The other belles are nicely endowed with both breasts and butts except for Chloe who is the same height and weight like Mary Margaret. Chloe likes to show off way too much her body, even naked.
Her Mama ordered the seamstress to dye the white expensive satin into a lovely shade of mint green, instead got this monster. The skirt is covered in single sets of quarter-sized neon shining hot pink rosebuds glued onto the expensive messed-up colored puke green fabric. The skirt design looks like a pack of baby coon puppies with muddy pink paws ran across the fabric, sailing out their dog home to pee on the manicured green lawn after supper time.
Mary Margaret wears no decoration of a necklace, dangling earrings or elbow gloves, only a small faint scent of rose perfume. Chloe haphazardly sprayed her personal perfume bottle at the right side of Mary Margaret’s neck parading passed her doorway down the grand staircase into the ball room. She was being personally escorted by Jocelyn and Chloe when Chloe noted that Mary Margaret smelled like a fresh soap of a slave girl instead of a southern belle from her evening bath.
Mary Margaret hears the tromping of cowboy boots of the next lucky beau inside the breezeway coming from the parked limo on the gravel road. Jocelyn wears a pair of pretty red summer sandals on her naked toes with a series of tiny taps of sound like mice feet over the wood.
The first beau arrived at exactly 6:02 pm standing inside the ball room’s archway. She didn’t see his physical face having her chin kissing her breasts, but clearly heard the breath sighs of the other belles like he was a royal king of a foreign country. The beaus are princes at Antebellum House tonight as she exhales her breath being held from nervousness.
Mary Margaret hears the footpads coming closer since her eyelashes are closed. Her four other biological senses take over her mental mind. She tastes the raw dry apple breathe from her tiny lunch at noon. She did not bother eating a bite of supper, without literally vomiting the nasty liquid contents back up into the toilet. Because her mouth salvia has fallen asleep hiding inside their tiny taste bud beds, fails to water the tongue and some teeth from her extreme nervousness. She touches the softness of her knuckles since she’s a privileged bitch in her household never performing any type of domestic labor chores around her elegant country homestead.
Mary Margaret smells the musky woodlands fragrance of Bethel on her right since Jocelyn is both a book-smart and a smart-ass. She had sat Mary Margaret between two big beautiful ebony skinned girls of Bethel and Tyleigh. Mary Margaret can’t compete with their generously female body features so the primed Hollywood set makes her look like a cute and fragile innocent virgin who is both precious and demur. She exhales another held breathe.
Jocelyn had promised that she would find Mary Margaret a sweet beau that wouldn’t hurt her.
She inhales another breath before passing out from nervousness.
The footpads stop as Mary Margaret images the beau and Jocelyn stand inside the wide 11-foot archway door of Antebellum House. The archways were built to accommodate the fashion-era 1600’s hoop skirts, 1800’s bustles, and 1900’s long dress trains of young girls along with their mothers’ attire. All female bitches travel in pairs who visit at Antebellum House from the yesteryears of the past to the modern days of tonight.
Her neurons image Jocelyn holds the forearm of the handsome beau smiling and giggling like a silly love-sick high school teen. Her red velveteen plantation gown waddles side to side like a duck from shifting her curvy hips left to right then right to left. She tries to exhibit the sex goddess in her three-foot wide gown which covers all her great sexy body parts.
Jocelyn says. “Belles, this is our beau. Beau, these are your belles. Pick a belle for your delight?”
Gawd. Mary Margaret exhales nervous dry apple-scented breath with her eyelashes closed and her chin touching her naked chest. Jocelyn exhibits a prime tacky behavior of an ex-girlfriend going with her ex-boyfriend on a first time date with his new-girl.
Silence lingers then Mary Margaret hears the cowboy boots stomp around the tile. This room is used for dancing and gathering of social events for both the belles and beaus of yesteryears at Antebellum House. Presently, the lucky beau paces steady towards the north wall.
Jocelyn and the belles had scooted the different colored and textured sofas around the floor into an upside U-shape with ten sofas facing each other. Mary Margaret hid inside her room refusing to do any manual labor like a country princess.
Jocelyn is the pretend “hostess with the mostess” for this “fuck fest” as Chloe keeps repeating with her elegant alto. So she doesn’t need her own pretty sofa, since Jocelyn gets to keep the last beau that shows up inside the limo, after all eleven of the belles are neatly tucked away into their beds doing the infamous “wild thing.”
Emma, the twins, and Trinity hold the honor of occupying the sofas located on the south side of the U-shaped formation. Chloe, Naomi, Peyton, and Zoey sit alphabetically inside individual sofas on the west side of the formation, since they fought like weaning kittens over the prime positions of the sofas.
Mary Margaret is seated in the middle sofa between Bethel and Tyleigh on the north side of the U-formation directly in front of the funky window treatments.
The sound of cowboy boots veers towards the windows from the archway. O! O! O!
She cups her hands tightly, without fidgeting then holds her breath keeping her eyelashes closed and chin deeply drawn into her chest. Mary Margaret shows off her messy bun and neatly parted scalp. She wished that she hadn’t bathed but remained sweaty and stinky from her afternoon physical jog, instead of smelling like a row of garden roses.
The boots stomp closer to the windows. No. No. No.
The boots by-pass Tyleigh’s sofa on Mary Margaret’s left hearing the vocal sigh of disappointment then on her right a swift rattle of Bethel’s bangle arm bracelets. Bethel probably signals her willingly acceptance of the newest beau.
The boots silent, parking over her skull. Not me. Not me. Not me.
Mary Margaret feels his tallness over her shortness as his legs wobble side to side clicking his boot heels softly within her eardrums. He examines her skull, dress or hands. She hears his breathing of mixed excitement and happiness. She senses heat pouring from his tallness near her forehead. Her face absorbs his manly odor of citrus and leather filling her nostrils.
Mary Margaret tastes the dry apples inside her mouth, because she doesn’t have any thick coat of salvia to swallow down her tight throat, but she might vomit on his boot toes. Her tummy has been invaded with thousands of fluttering butterflies. Go away. Go away. Go away. 
The beau clears his throat for her eardrums as she is blind keeping her eyelashes shut. A deep sexy baritone trombone sweet breathes over her hair roots, “Hey, cutie,” swings to Jocelyn, grunting as she feels the wavering breeze of his arm fly near her skull. “Her!”
Jocelyn shouts. “Her is named Mary Margaret,” exhales. “Get up, Mary Margaret!”
Mary Margaret refuses. She is blind keeping her eyelashes shut. Her hands cup into her skirt. Her sandals park on the flooring since she rules her body, not Jocelyn, Chloe or the beau.
Fingers gently touch her naked forearm then man-pull Mary Margaret from the sofa. She opens eyelashes and grits her teeth for the fight. A fight will not happen since she is a southern belle.
Mary Margaret wiggles on shaky legs of tall heels side to side catching her balance, before she falls from nervousness and shock as the beau grabs her forearm helping to steady her upright. She shift her eyelashes from the dress hem to boots of polished shiny black python-snake skin…(knows her boots). She shifts to his faded jeans exhibiting slashed denim threads across the right kneecap, exposes naked skin.
Mary Margaret sees his matching black python waist belt then admires his tight white T-shirt filling out his wide muscular chest and two broad shoulders. She halts eyelashes at the sight then views his Adam’s apple. He chuckles smiling and studying her face. She stares and studies his face with bright aqua-pale pupils. Handsome.
His complexion is well-tanned in a rich coffee-color from the hot Alabama sunshine making her beau a true cowboy, probably on a cow ranch somewhere around Leed. She knows all the cow and horse ranches around Birmingham. He possesses a heart-shaped face with a wide forehead as it narrows towards a jaw line of light dusted blonde whiskers wearing his blonde curl locks barely tipping the fabric of a T-shirt. Sun-god. 
Mary Margaret drops her mouth then jerks back from him. She doesn’t want to do the wild thing with a sun-god or earth-god or no guy but a faithful husband. He swiftly man-pulls her into his hard chest hiding her face between two hard biceps, whispers. “I’m Tucker. You can call me Tucker. I don’t like Tuck or Stan, the man. Okay, precious?”
“Stan, the man!?” She whispers in confusion.
“Tucker. Me Tucker, sweetie. Can I call you Mary?” Tucker, not Tuck or Stan, the man repeats into her eardrum, cuddling her closer into his chest.
“Yeah…,” she whispers between his hard muscles. Tucker grunts then spins and tucks her under his armpit. She is five feet, three inches compared to his five feet, nine inches.
His tallness over towers and over powers her as she waddles fast on heels in her plantation dress tickling his blue jeans as Tucker chuckles. They pad towards the archway passing Jocelyn. He nods and smiles to her. “Thanks, girl.”
Mary Margaret opines with hate for Jocelyn desiring to bitch-slap a right fighting fist into her pretty pale face giving a beautifully black eyeball. Jocelyn waves and smiles. “Have fun, Tucker.” Now, Mary Margaret desires a shotgun from her daddy’s locked and sealed weapon stores at her house for a brutal cold-blooded murder of Jocelyn.
Tucker turns right onto the breezeway like he knows the building. He lifts her from the wooden planks when she can’t coordinate her sandals and long dress train fast enough with his long legs. He holds her hand strolling along the cool breezeway, whispering into her eardrum. “Mary is a pretty name,” sings and smiles. “Mary had a little lamb. Its fleece was white as snow. Ya be a cute little thing, darling. Jocelyn said that you be tiny like a baby. Be careful with you. She’s right. Your skin is soft and white like snow flakes. You look like that fairy princess called Snow White with your black hair and white skin.”
Mary Margaret guesses that she is supposed to recycle the nice honor, mumbles. “You look like that Greek god, Ares.”
“Thanks, kindly.” Tucker chuckles then turns right into the belle parlour room. Mary Margaret skids her heels to a halt next to him, staring at the circular loveseat of hot pink fabric that nicely curves like a swan’s body which will easily accommodate her and her dress in the rear wall.
The rectangular room contains with no art decorations hanging from the naked walls.
Mary Margaret views the various mis-matched loveseat furniture shapes, textures, and patterns from a modern fake black leather to a soft beige linen fabric to a butter golden curved loveseat. A gray thickly covered Chenille loveseat or a fugly ugly loveseat of white background with a horizontal row of big red petal flowers hugs the shoulder blades, a row yellow flowers slaps the butthole and a row of baby blue petal flowers kisses the legs.
She shifts to the far left corner of a wooden platform holding thirteen hidden steps then turns immediately right up into an enclosed three-sided staircase haunted by three she-ghosts.
Mary Margaret has never traversed this room or the staircase since Deborah, the teachers and Jocelyn have confirmed the ghost story. She always routes her skirt around the shaded and cool wrap-around front porch scooting her boots back and forth from her private chamber to her academic classes, avoids this place, totally.
She fingers the front portico. “That way is the front porch. The wrap-around porch takes us all the way around the building then we enter the stair case on the west side. There are flood lights for marking a clear non-dangerous path of walking.”
Tucker smiles and scans the room, “Naw, pumpkin. The quickest route to the belle garconniere is them steps.”
“How’da ya know about the garconniere?” She stares at the haunted staircase.
Tucker kisses her hand then smirks at the staircase. “I used to live here as an undergraduate during my days at Burn U, before I entered Bam State law school. Then all the beaus moved out and occupied the newly built Rebel Den per our daddies. That’s the explaining I got from my daddy. Let’s go, sugar!” He stomps towards the staircase.
“The staircase’s haunted, Tucker,” she jerks from him.
He cuddles and then man-pulls her towards the staircase, laughing. “Bullshit! Someone’s playing a trick on ya’ll sweet little belles. That’s all, sweetheart.”
“No. It’s haunted. Everyone swears to it,” she holds her beauty pose.
Tucker smiles and hugs her, whispering. “Don’t be scared, precious. I won’t like any one harm you, babe. I’ll taking care of ya’ll from now on, sugar. I promise, cupcake,” they walk towards the staircase. She feels faint and flight somehow breaking his huddle. He releases her hand, laughing. He stomps across the flooring, marches up the platform leading to the thirteen steps where the she-ghosts reside. He stops on the top of the platform then views her, grinning. “Lookie, darling, I’m gonna prove to ya that no gawddamn fucking she-ghosts live here.”
She stares in fear then her smart neurons kick into motion dropping my mouth. She jerks left seeing freedom from Tucker with her wild-ass thought of running away and hiding between the forest bushes until dawn then call her daddy for help. 
He sees her surprised facial expression whirling right then straight down the steps. She back steps on her dress train then jerks the hem to her kneecaps. She scoots left running towards the open lawn for freedom then trips on her dress from nervousness and fear.
Tucker races after her stopping at the end of her fallen sandals. Mary Margaret lifts her ass from the hard concrete sobbing with tears from both pain and loss. He bends and grabs her waist then lifts her into the air with his manly strength tapping her sandals upright onto the granite. He twirls her around with dizziness seeing her sad face. Tucker is not mad at her failed escape plan, cuddles her, whispering. “Whoa, girl! Jocelyn mentioned that you might be a skittish little filly. She be right, but that was fun thro. You’re fun too. I liked chasing ya down wished I had some rope,” laughs then frowns. “Awe, precious. Are you hurt? Bleeding? I guess your big fluffy dress saved ya, huh? Ya took a nasty fall, darling. Well, let’s get you upstairs, so’s I can give ya a personal body examination. Okay, doll?” He cuddles and kisses her forehead like a good beau. He spins them around towards the parlour for a second visit. “Let’s wake up them she-ghosts.”
Mary Margaret wipes tears from her eye sockets more afraid of Tucker then the stupid ghosts as they pad through the archway towards the staircase. Tucker holds her hand then stops at the edge of the first staircase step. He swings her in front of his chest facing the dark and black staircase. “I’ll lift ya then carry you up the steps. Okay? If a she-ghost touches ya I’ll kill it,” chuckles. “Here goes nothing, sweetheart.” He lifts her by the waist four inches from the platform traveling onto the first step, “Nothing,” stomps onto the second step. “More of nothing,” stomps faster advancing to the fourth step and stops. “Lots of nothings.” His boot hits the sixth step then the seventh step.
Mary Margaret feels a chilly light breeze attack across the tip of her nose from the right side of the enclosed wall containing the pictures of dead belles. She stiffens then screams from fright. “No,” sobs with tears from fear of she-ghosts.
Tucker flips and cuddles her into his chest. “What’da ya feel?”
“Cold chilly fingers,” she says desiring to leave Antebellum House, Tucker, and the she-ghosts.
He laughs. “I promise to protect ya, cupcake,” flips her towards the stairs then wraps his arm around her waist. The other arm is across her shoulders with his palm hugging the rear of her skull. She sobs from fright and nervousness. He stomps on step number fourteen, without a she-ghost attack. There are 36 narrow steps. She feels another blast of chilly air hit his hand bouncing into her ear like icy cold ghost fingers, gasping with shock. He says. “Shush, darling! I’ll protect ya,” then charges up the remaining steps with her. She feels a single cold blast of breeze across her right eardrum. They hit the top step, without nice planted pots of mini-trees or art paintings. Tucker chuckles and drops her to the floor, without panting from his vigorous workout, challenging the she-ghosts and the 36 steps of a haunted stairwell. He smiles, “Whoa! That was a wild ride.”
“The ghosts are mad,” she exhales viewing down the dark staircase.
He cuddles her and views the staircase, too. He frowns with fury. “Hell. I’m mad. I didn’t ever believe the belles when I lived here at Antebellum House that there were really she-ghosts. I wished I had ‘cause, baby I’d have try to fuck one. That’d have be fun or funny,” chuckles. “Have ya heard of fucking a ghost?”
“No,” she whispers.
Tucker smiles and spins them towards the outer hallway walking towards the grand stair case. “Me, either. Where’s your room?” He man-lifts her  and her dress clearing two inches from the escalating steps, avoiding a body fall of death from the four floor level upon the granite tile on the first level.
“First level on the extreme left before the granite,” she feels the fluttering inside her tummy of thousands of butterflies, since the scare of shitty she-ghosts has been purged from her memory banks, not tough guy Tucker.
“Is it locked?” He elegantly sails down the steps cutting his eyeballs at the numerous white wooden doors.
“No. The door on the right.”
Tucker gently drops her to the tile then grabs the door knob, opening the wood. He chuckles with happiness shoving her into the bedroom, first.

Mary Margaret’s bedroom.
He passes her heading towards the bed, when she swirls then gently closes and locks the door. She exhales then inhales trying not to faint from nervousness. He shouts, “Stripe for me, girl.”
Mary Margaret closes her eyelashes then slowly twirls around in front of the door. She feels the soft satin fabric tickle her naked legs, without seeing Tucker but feels him near the bed mattress. She unties the rear oversized bow of hot pink velvet around her waist when her plantation dress explodes into an ugly puke green potato sack still covering her girly parts.
Tucker chuckles.
She pulls the three satin ribbons underneath the lace releasing the tight fabric from her shoulders then exposes her cute tiny pink bra holding 32AA tiny breasts.
Tucker hoots and claps at her sexy performance.
She slowly drops both arms along the sides when the gown swiftly descends to the flooring revealing her cute pink ruffled pair of silk panties covering her private parts. No true southern belle would ever show before her wedding honeymoon.
Tucker grunts and gasps.
She opens her eyelashes then stares at a smiling Tucker sitting on his ass on the edge of the bed mattress who is fully dressed in his boots, jeans, and shirt. She is the sex princess entertaining the stud prince, exhaling her held breathe.
She lifts her foot to unbuckle the leather when Tucker yells, “Naw. I like. Keep the high heels on! You’re sexy kitten. Come here, sugar!” she exhales, without moving. Tucker stands then reaches, man-pulling her into his T-shirt. He is taller by a head length. Her forehead levels at his mouth. He gently kisses the middle of her forehead like a good beau leaning her face. “Jocelyn told me to be very gentle and tender with you, darling. I like that you’re both shy and beauty. I can feel ya trembling between my arms, baby.” She sniffs the clear mucus with nervousness as a flood of tears bombard her eyeballs. Tucker whispers and cuddles her, “Don’t cry, cupcake! That comes after we finish fucking. Then ya can ball your little eyeballs all night long in my arms,” nods. “How’s that, baby?” He gently pushes her away from the bed mattress. Mary Margaret stands in the middle of the floor. Tucker smiles and chuckles then rips his T-shirt down the middle, exposing his naked chest, laughs. “See gorgeous! I can stripe for ya, too,” winks then whirls the torn shirt like a rope. Mary Margaret giggles with amusement then he swings it around his hair roots then around his boots making her feel comfortable.
They giggle and laugh at his silly performance.
Tucker tosses it falling down on the floor near the window between the bathroom door way. He slaps both palms together in front of his tummy shifting his beefy arms in a v-position flexing both sides of his biceps and triceps up and down for fun. She giggles and smiles. He poses with both biceps in a 90-degreed angle smiling then wiggles and whips his belt from the jeans. He whirls it side to side while wiggling his hips. She giggles. Tucker flings the belt towards the ceiling as it twists then reaches its peak trajectory and falls back down to the floor. The belt lands between the foot board and the settee.
He sits an ass on the edge of her mattress, bending his knee, lifts his boot off the floor. He jerks the boot and sock then gently places his cowboy boot away from the bed, saying. “Don’t mess with a man’s boots, darling. Remember that?” She nods as Tucker duplicates the action with the other cowboy boot. He stands from the bed, staring and smiling at her. He jerks his right hand to his mouth shaping lips in the letter O then swings his body to the mattress, hiding his face from her.
She hears the unzipping of his blue jeans then exhales her held breathe. She back steps with nervousness from him hitting her naked shoulder blades into the door.
Tucker about faces holding with both hands on the top of his opened blue jeans at the waistline showing off more of suntanned skin. He lifts both hands into the air when the jeans fall down to his naked ankles. She drops her mouth shuffling her heels side to side in nervousness. Tucker lifts his foot out the jeans then kicks them towards the window wearing his underwear briefs, grinning goofy at her. Her heart drops down to her toes. He places both hands behind his skull rotating his narrow hips round and round, chuckles. She narrows her eyelashes at his briefs when he grabs the waistband. He swiftly pulls and jerks down the briefs dropping his torso and face down to his naked ankles as his muscled shoulder blades hide his penis from her eyeballs.
She back steps and hits the door wood with her skull, shoulder blades, and butt.
Tucker slowly uprights exposing his semi-beige colored little curved penis inside a forest of blonde hair beside his two hairy round balls representing his manhood. She covers her mouth with both hands keeping her eyeballs glued to his penis. Tucker chuckles and smiles.
He swings his nakedness around to the mattress man-pulling the bedcover and matching bed linens completely off the bed revealing only a fitted linen sheet. Her delicate female bed items hang over a foot board dangling to the flooring. Tucker crawls over the mattress then twists his nakedness to the side with his face and penis facing her. He pats his hand on the mattress, smiling. “Get up here, babe!”
She has noticed that Tucker has called her quiet a few endearing nicknames including babe, baby, doll, darling, precious, pumpkin, sugar, sweetheart, girl, gorgeous, cutie, cupcake, not Mary. Mary Margaret eye rolls then stomps across the floor. This is the reason for his visit and her pink bra and matching ruffled pink panties.
Tucker wiggles side to side shaking his penis on top of her bed mattress in his sun-god nudeness. He stands on his kneecaps reaching and grabbing her arms then lifts and scoots her across the mattress.
Mary Margaret stands on her kneecaps wearing the stupid heels on the bed when he jerks her into his full nakedness. He wraps both arms around her shoulders then kisses the middle of her forehead. She feels the hardness of his deltoid breasts against her shoulders, being short compared to his tallness then reacts to the softness of his penis rubbing against her belly button. She grins and giggles with nervousness and excitement. She places both hands on each side of his waist below the armpits.
Tucker pulls back, smiling. “Let’s take down your pretty hair,” gently untangles the decorative hot pink band from her hair then flicks it like a booger to the floor. He tosses her hair then twirls it around his hands pulling the loose strands from her face. Then he drops both palms on her shoulders, smiles. “You are so pretty, precious,” exhales. “I don’t need what to do first to ya, darling. There’s so many things I want to share and show with you, cupcake.”
“Tickle me…,” she charges the challenge bending her fingers and scratching her nails into his tender ticklish skin below his armpits on both sides of his rib cage in a surprise belle move. Tucker giggles instinctively curling both arms into his body protecting the tender skin from her shocking attack. Mary Margaret shifts then rubs her fingernails across his deltoid shoulders, between his deltoid breasts, over his heart organ, down to his belly button, up to his Adam’s apple while Tucker giggles without catching her active hands.
She tickle his fit waist shifting both her hands in the front, around the waist sides, to the rear back scratching her sharp nails up from the lower back then down his neck, leaving a trail of red imprints. Tucker giggles at her cute belle move holding his arms tucked into his armpits so she doesn’t attack his sensitive skin a second time. She smiles then stops scratching his shoulder blades. Tucker continues to laugh catching his girly giggles. Mary Margaret parks her hands around the rear of his neck staring with her narrowed eyelashes at him. He stops laughing then stares into her eyeballs. She does smile then says with a sexy timber. “Neck rub, darling.” Without waiting for a sigh of acceptance from Tucker, she gently teases and rubs the rear of his neck with her fingernails, getting him to relax. Tucker tosses back his head moaning from her firm neck massage with her talented hands and finger pads. Mary Margaret reaches around his manly throat and then gently tickles his Adam’s apple with her left hand. Tucker chuckles dropping his nostrils into her neck smelling her perfume of garden roses. She gently positions his neck with the best view for her eyesight, seeing his bugling blue veins rise to greet her like a tiny flag, after lowering his skull to her like a princess.
Mary Margaret grins.
Her room is well lit allowing her perfect vision to see the dark blue pulsation wave on Tucker’s neck, a left external jugular vein. The jugular vein flickers like a rattlesnake’s tongue back and forth against his smooth coffee-skin as she giggles.
Mary Margaret press her right nail of her index finger into the pulsation of his left bulging jugular vein watching with her trained eyeballs the wave raise like an ant hill. The motion indicates that Tucker is a healthy male with no venous clots which might just kill him. She giggles.
Her parents are practicing physicians. Her Mama, being a very successful brain surgery, is the smart one in her biological family unit. Her daddy is the fun one who spoils Mary Margaret rotten giving her anything she wants but a badass boyfriend and a run of freedom.
She studies right to left his bulging jugular vein locating the highest point of wave pulsation indicating the highest peak of blood flow straight into his brain then down through his spinal cord, and finally into his heart organ. She giggles.
Mary Margaret swiftly strokes using her nails of her left hand scratching like a kitten at Tucker’s outer skin covering the right side of his neck wit her belle ploy. She tenderly teases and pokes her right index fingernail at the left bulging jugular vein causing another peak of both pain and pleasure within his brain and body. She cut her eyelashes right seeing a sliver of silver as the cross-stitch needle glitters in the bright overhead book-reading bedroom’s lights. She slowly draws out the sewing instrument with her right index finger and thumb grasping the homemade bud of silver thread shaped into a gripping ball. Mary Margaret grins.
She slowly raises the needle hiding it within her naked skin blending well with her snow white pale complexion then rounds her wrist in the air like stretching the bone ligaments from too much hand exercise. She twists her hand with three gathered fingers at a colorful blue pulse wave on his neck, left side.
Mary Margaret quick draws then taps the tip of the cross-stitch needle into his external left jugular vein like a mosquito bite. The tip of the needle contains a low mixture of 25 mg dosage of methanqualone, a sleeping aid. She based the drug mixture on an average’s man weight and height, since Jocelyn didn’t supply any biological statistics on any of the beaus’ body measurements.
She digs her five nails into his right neck when Tucker gasps for air with an open mouth and inflamed nostrils. She jerks the tip out quickly, smirking. Tucker slowly uprights his face staring at her with a goofy grin then slowly groans like a drowning seal from a shock of neck pain.
Mary Margaret lower her right arm, hides the needle below her and his eyeballs then quickly stabs the needle tip sideways into her soft bed mattress. She keeps the needle eye slightly exposed for her finger retrieval later. She carefully observes that a tiny red blood line travels from his left external jugular vein, moves along a minor vein directing the blood flow into his left earlobe and around his neck then attacks his spinal cord like an anger flying wasp.
Tucker slowly closes his eyelids feeling the swift effects of sleep from the direct punch of a tiny dosage of methanqualone. He slowly bows his chin into his naked chest.
Mary Margaret giggles.
His numb body quickly falls forwards into her open arms laying his precious head on her shoulder, lip drools like a well-fed baby. She gently, as best as she can with her limited bicep strength, pushes him backwards from her grinning face allowing gravity to aid her into tenderly lying Tucker upon the soft mattress.
Mary Margaret crawls off the bed. She rolls him sideways away from the edge of the bed then onto his back muscles in a more comfortable pose of zombieness. She giggles. She straightens his bend legs at the kneecaps stretching him fully towards the footboard then re-positions his left arm along the linen beside his waist. She rushes around the bed mattress straightening his right limbs for ease of sleep.
She gently picks up the needle holding it in front of a face then slips it back into her cloth needle cache. Mary Margaret had cleverly snapped the needle cache to the side mattress using a set of white sewing snaps. In the application of sewing when you have a gap in your clothes that isn’t befitting a southern belle a talented seamstress will sew a single metal snap between the fabric pieces hiding the snap as well as your exposed belle skin.
A sew-able snap has six tiny little holes built into the edge of the metal for hand stitching with a needle and cotton thread on any fabric canvas learning and sewing with my great Grandmother Cantwell. She had sewed thirteen of the white snaps in a cone-sized design mounting and holding a white cone-shaped needle pin cushion matching her white linens in case someone got curious.
Mary Margaret tenderly loosens the pin cushion from the mattress padding to the exterior closet, stores her criminal evidence inside the foot sock drawer of the armoire. Socks can dirty swiftly and laundry cleanly, without someone getting curious. She giggles.
She slowly spins around in her pink bra, panties, and heels admiring the sun-god noting a fine species of male sleeping like a baby inside her bed. She giggles. She gleam her eyelashes up and down her captive prey for the evening then jerks to the wall corner wall intersection. She frowns at the non-matching lavender cloth settee, her new bed for the evening. Shit!
She swings to Tucker wishing beyond her neurons she could shove his ass off my bed mattress upon the hard floor for a good night’s slumber. She is not that strong. Too bad!
Mary Margaret taps on heels to the bed dying to try him…feel him, maybe gently touch him. Tucker is sleeping with nothing short of a heavenly angel with a dump truck of smelling sauce to awaken the sun-god. She giggles.
The methanqualone drug normally is administrated through an oral application like the mouth. It takes twenty minutes to ingest the solid drug through the stomach. However she had stabbed it directly into his left exterior jugular vein with his blood traveling straight into his brain for a faster speedy service. Her stares her semi-trained medical eyeballs and smart neurons at the puncture, left jugular vein. There is no red insertion point. She isn’t surprised since the selected Chenille needle has a very fine sharp tip equal in diameter radius to a hospital’s syringe needle for getting a shot of penicillin for a sore throat.
His body is very healthy noting the puncture pick had closed up immediately, without a trace of vampire blood on his neck. She giggles. Mary Margaret was not worried about Tucker getting tetanus from a cross-stitch needle, since the needle had been bathed and sterilized in the drug used by drug addicts for pleasure. Plus Tucker had received his required medical shots for entrance into the Birmingham University law school.
The sewing needle is a sharpened piece of metal that will cause harm if shoved through a piece of human outer skin, unlike a piercing needle used for personal body tattoos. A piercing needle is a hollow needle with razor sharp edges on the tip.
Mary Margaret got the clever idea shoving her cross-stitch needle into the pin cushion after completing her green turtle in Miss Alice’s needlepoint class and after she received the vocal rejection from her daddy for getting her out and away from Antebellum House on Friday night. She got the package of blue methanqualone pills for a better sleep for her stressful week of college from her loving parents.
One popular design of pin cushions is a red fabric tomato-shape measuring four-inches along the curvy seams with an inch long strawberry-shaped attachment on the side of the decorative cushion. The two fruity pin cushions came from the Victorian Era in the foreign country of Great Britain. If a person received a new tomato then the vegetable would repel evil spirits inside a couple’s home. A typical pin cushion is filled with wool roving to prevent rust to the steel when storing the used sewing needles. The smaller strawberry-shaped pin cushion is filled with sand to clean and sharpen the needles.
The drug comes in a blue pill labeled from the pharmacist at 100mg/1ml, where “mg” is a measure of weight and “ml” is the measure of liquid. In her medical case one tiny blue pill has the strength of 100mg, equal to a single aspirin for a headache. She needed to use a smaller strength dosage, since she planned to insert the medication directly into his neck vein which will go directly to both his brain and nervous system, without killing Tucker.
Mary Margaret had learned a lot of medical stuff from my parents during one of my medical teen training sessions trailing behind them around their private medical office in Birmingham. The strength dosage of a 25mg prescription medication is a low dose, where a clinical patient treats the drug like a daily vitamin for the rest of their life to control their medical symptoms. The strength dosage of 50mg is a therapeutic dose alleviating constant mood swings of mental states such as depression, anxiety or irritability in a patient’s mind. The high dosage strength of 100mg causes shaky hand movements, jaw clenching, and sometimes out of body experiences as reported by a drugged and documented medical patients.
She crushed up one-fourth of the 100mg blue pill of methanqualone dissolving the tiny chunks of drug inside one of the empty but pretty display teacups on her dressing bureau. The teapot and cups are only decoration but make the room like charming Old South. She brewed hot water and then crushed the blue pills into a smooth liquid into the teacup. She cut a tiny, tiny barely there hole at the bottom of the strawberry-shaped cushion allowing half of the sand to dirty a second teacup. She wasted most of the crushed up methanqualone liquid pouring it into the stiff strawberry cushion’s tail hole as the cloth leaked droplets of liquid but didn’t burst.
Mary Margaret allowed the drug to settle between the grains of sand then stitched it back up for holding a single needle. She stabbed the strawberry pin cushion with the silver steel allowing the methanqualone drug to sit and soak like nice warm bubble bath, without the pink bubbles.
When she retrieved the wet needle the drug was thoroughly coated along the silver. She just drained a couple of tiny droplets into his open vein from the sharp tip of the needle. The drug expeditiously attacked his nervous system placing Tucker into fairyland for eight hours. She giggles.
The only way any smart person would guess Tucker’s medical condition, if he had a blood sedimentation test which could only be done in a hospital setting.
The side effects of the sleep aid drug methanqualone include obviously drowsiness, a reduced heart rate, and a reduced respiration. If she or Tucker continues to use the addictive drug on a regular basis then he could acquire a dependence on methanqualone. She won’t allow that happen, since Mary Margaret is only using the sleep aid to relieve Tucker’s tension, stress, and anxiety of mentally and physically not getting fucked by her. She giggles.
She gently press her hand on top of his deltoid feeling his heart beat thump between her fingers noting a steady rhythm. A nasty side effect of methanqualone is a reduced heart rate.
She shifts her hand then lightly jiggles his jaw line with two fingers then stops. Silk! She brushes her fingers across his blonde whiskers feeling the silky satin hair then curls the fallen blonde locks from his neck around her fingers. She giggles and grins at his pretty features. His skin is smooth and soft rubbing the back of her finger along his cheekbone, admires his handsome face.
Mary Margaret doesn’t have big-ass lips like Jocelyn’s but thin and moisture. She tenderly massages his parted lips feeling warmth from his mouth breathe. Tucker has a pair of small thin pink lips complimenting his coffee-tanned face. She swiftly compares her lips to his lips. She has a thin top lip and a bottom lip making for full suck action. She snorts.
She playfully pinches his nose holes when he suddenly snorts from an open mouth for a gulp of air she quickly releases it, so Tucker can breathe normally. A second nasty side effect of the methanqualone is a reduced respiration. She lays both palms over his chest closing her eyelashes, feels his breathing pattern checking for any irregulars from his lungs. She feels heat for his elevated body temperature with a steady method of rising and falling lungs then opens her eyelashes satisfied with his involuntary sleep behavior.
Mary Margaret bends down over his jaw line but can’t see his tongue, since he doesn’t snore at sleeping with a mouth partially closed. Thank goodness. Tucker wasn’t chewing gum when she stabbed his neck. Or she would have been cramming two fingers down his esophagus jerking that object from his throat right before death.
She gently lifts his hand then cuddles into her smaller palms examining his neatly trimmed fingernails. Each nail bed designs in an oval-shape cuticle. Cute! She slowly lowers his hand back in place, smiling and giggling with victory.
She surveys his highlighted feature. A pair of broad shoulders runs across his muscular chest of eight-packed abs then tapers down to his thin waist. Growl! All females desire a well-defined male showing a sign of strength and masculinity to her femininity.
Bully biceps, she likes to call them lightly touching the big bulge then quickly gets excited and wet inside her pink panties. She wraps fingers around his bicep noting her small hand doesn’t cover his manly muscle. Wow! A well-defined bicep signifies a man’s ability to take care of things like his woman. She giggles.
Mary Margaret has always heard the man term washboard stomach now she understands the non-sexy wordy description. Tucker has little ripples of skin in the shapes of tiny squares….one, two, three, four, five, six, seven and eight running from the bottom of his square-shaped deltoid man breast down to his penis, the epitome of a male. She taps her finger down his chiseled chest to the first square of washboard stomach feeling rock hard flesh with a ting of softness. Grr! 
She gently rubs the first square of his washboard stomach noting no reaction on Tucker then tenderly rubs the second square, feels softness but firmness. She could whack her thick medical textbook over his eight-pack, without him coughing up air. She giggles. She studies her pale stomach seeing a taut naked tummy. Yeah, baby! They would have made some good heated friction.
Mary Margaret stares at his semi-pale penis which might have seen sunlight for some strange reason, probably fucking a cowgirl in the grassy horse pasture, creates the sun-god image. She giggles. The penis is all crumpled and small like a swiveled up earthworm. She giggles. He has good and plenty angel blonde curly pubic hair hovering her finger over his forest then gently rubs a couple of his hair strands. Silk! 
His pubic hair, skull hair, and facial hair all feel like a silk dress. She grins. She flips her panties open touching her pubic hair. Coarse! She feels like her twenty year old dog’s rough paw thinking she might have missed an opportunity fucking a real ‘sun’ god. She giggles. She can’t see his naked ass, since Mary Margaret can’t shift his heavy body to the side, without some bicep muscle difficulty.
She twists left leaving the hunky guy strolling towards the bathroom, ponders bathing her stinky body from the perfume and sweat. Her eyeballs catches side glances of Tucker’s nakedness then she stops, ponders her naughty thought. She pirouettes gracefully back to Tucker to the bed then stops, smiles. She crawls onto the mattress quietly kneeling beside Tucker, giggles.
She hovers his hard abdomen, standing on her palms and toes, not wanting to sit on his chest. He might awaken disturbing his sleep. She smiles. Handsome! She swishes her hair side to side barely tickling his chest with no reaction from Tucker. She lays her lips on his naked chest hearing the thump of his heart. She grins.
She upright and balances on kneecaps, pondering a stolen kiss. That isn’t right since she’s the one that had drugged him. She tenderly touches with her finger slowly down and outlining each rib bone, counts in silently. She giggles.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, and twelve then runs her fingers under his rib cage scooting down his soft coffee-tanned skin then above his hip bone lightly touching the skin. Whoa! A man’s hugging space for two female hands. She giggles. This is only moment in her short life she will touch a male, without a preacher-man and wedding band, first.
Mary Margaret slowly twirls off the bed, without touching Tucker then stands. She grins. She’s hot with lust, heated with pleasure, and wet inside her panties from her finger probing of his fine body from silky jaw line down to silky pubic hair. She reaches deep into her vagina scooping up her sticky vaginal discharge produced during her pretend roller coaster ride of Tucker. She giggles. She slowly hovers her soaked nails and pads with her vagina discharge then giggles. She pastes it onto his abs playfully stimulating their non-fuck fest during the night together. Mary Margaret flips her hand from his body, smiling.
She exhales with relieve completing her belle mission successful remaining a virgin then swings towards her wardrobe closet. She removes her heels, panties, and bra exchanging the sexy items for her favored blue and white duck-patterned silk pajamas, without the robe. She is hot and heated after her non-fucking ordeal. She giggles.
She exits the wardrobe closet into the bathroom, cleaning up, washes her dirty hands, her sweaty face, and then brushes her teeth. She plans to cuddle inside the settee in the wall corner reading one of her fairy tale books. She exits then stops with her mouth open.
Mary Margaret back tracks to the tiny refrigerator opening the door, lifts the six-pack of beer provided so kindly by Jocelyn for her beau’s midnight treat of his fuck fest. She swings to the bathroom sitting the beer on the edge of the bathroom sink then removes the closest beer can. She empties and drains the first beer can down the sink then reaches for the second one until all six are all gone. She giggles.
Mary Margaret discharges the plastic binder into the garage can then lifts all six beer cans into her arms, not worrying about the smell of beer on her silk pajamas. The pajamas can be cleaned from the smell which doesn’t bother her since all redneck beaus drink beer. If she smelled like beer then Tucker had celebrated his fuck fest with his first beer. She smiles.
Inside her room Tucker is going to celebrate by drinking all six of his beers after his fuck fest with Mary Margaret then passes out into unconscious. She giggles. She gently swings her body and the six beers around the exits the bathroom. She pads towards the bed then sees major trouble, dropping her mouth.
His penis is rising. His hands are jerking. His feet are twitching. She gallops to the mattress, studying tucker. His unconscious body is visually presenting a series of quirky movements within her limited medical knowledge. She cut her eyeballs to his face. He has a steady flow of REM sleep coming from his closed eyelids.
She rests the beer cans on the nightstand watching his shallow breathing rhythm performed from his sleep pattern, rises then lowers the chest cavity. She firmly presses both palms to his naked chest verifying his good breathing. Okay! She lays a hand over his heart organ. Normal beating rate! 
Mary Margaret studies his left hand looking for any shaky motion, not seeing anything, but his penis continues to rise like a batch of the cook’s buttermilk biscuits. She swings towards the student desk consulting her medical textbook on the clinical symptoms of the sleeping drug methanqualone then stops.
She about faces then whispers. “The boy’s having a wet dream…,” giggles and covers her mouth with both hands. Tucker is experiencing an erotic dream accompanied by a raise of his penis and about to blow an ejaculation of semen into the air onto her bed mattress. She giggles. Females do wet dreams also but are too embarrassed to admit it. When the female wakes up with a wet sticky spot inside her pink panties it is not urine. Mary Margaret had read based on scientific testimonies from test female patients in numerous medical clinical studies from her daddy’s medical reference textbooks.
She worries that Tucker might emerge his penis beauty during his sleep placing the bed linen over his nakedness. He can eject the semen onto the fabric stimulating a beautifully fuck fest by him, without her. She giggles.
Mary Margaret lifts one empty beer can then squashes the middle thin metal slightly bend with both hands like Tucker would do after his fuck fest. She giggles. She plants the first beer can on the floor, giggling. She bends a second beer can placing it on the nightstand then bends each beer can in a creative pose, the best she can with her soft tiny hands. She sits the rest on the floor but the sixth beer can. She holds it then gently pours two drops of beer over his lips like drinking from his victory. She doesn’t drown him with the liquid as it rolls left over his parted lips.
Tucker sleeps like a prince god, without awaking since the drug works brilliantly on his toughness. She giggles then lifts the can and then places it on the nightstand for her plotted Hollywood sexy bedroom setting.
Mary Margaret back steps from her girly Frankenstein, smiling and surveying the fairy tale theater for tomorrow Saturday’s performance. She giggles. Tucker is asleep inside her bed, without her. She is sleeping perfectly fit and fine, without him. He is naked. She is not.
The beer cans as evidence of his success are scattered around her room. She views the door, where her dress lays like a colored puddle of pretty water more evidence. Tucker was in a big hurry to fuck her, not far from the truth.
She jerks her face at the footboard of the bed, where the bed covers hang from the mattress. She chuckles skipping to the settee catching and dragging her bedcover over the settee. She sits inside the cool fabric lifting a romantic novel into her eyeballs. Hoping, she experiences her first orgasm since she feels really heatedly horny. She giggles. Mary Margaret studies the sleeping beastie one more time, whispering. “Sweet dreams, sun-god.”

6:20 pm. Ball room. Chloe and her beau.
Chloe taps one foot at a time sitting on the edge of a Chippendale loveseat made of yellow with pink flowers with the hard wooden harp-shaped back rest digging into her naked shoulders. The pattern of the sofa matches her dress of pale apricot yellowish dotted with large pink roses with three small tiers of white lace running around the edge pinned every ten inches with a pink rosebud. Pink is the color of a sweet innocent virgin girl. She grins.
Trinity and Mary Margaret have been properly picked by two handsome beaus, especially with the one with a bald mound. He’s so cute. I wished that he had picked her.  She impatiently waits hearing a new set of cowboy boots stomping down the breezeway, really fast. Jocelyn isn’t a very good “hostess with the mostess” rushing the beau’s choice.
She continues to tap a steady right foot then a left foot when they appear in the doorway.
He unclenches Jocelyn’s arm then pads directly to Chloe. He wears a pair of polished but worn rich brown lizard-skinned cowboys with a skull of curly light brown hair kissed by blonde sun lights. He possesses a crooked nose, a set of big delicious thick lips, and a pair of almond-shaped eye sockets dancing with blue pupils. He glows fair-pale colored face wearing a steel blue short-sleeved T-shirt, without any definition of curved sculptured muscles like the two previous beaus. The blue clashes with his dark blue jeans. He extends his hand then jerks her into standing, leans into her face. He grins. “Me and you, darling,” talks fast for a southern boy then snorts. He spins around then man-pulls Chloe towards the archway. He passes Jocelyn, laughing, “Chow, Jocelyn.”
Chloe sees both shock and concern etched on Jocelyn then shouts to her friend-belle. “I’m okay, girl best…,” waves while he man-pulls her into the cold breezeway.
They quickly walk towards the front porch passing the belle parlour room.
Chloe smiles and fingers the room. “The staircase’s faster.”
He grunts. “Naw. Some one likes to fuck around them steps to piss me off.” 
“Ya know the staircase.”
“I know sex.”
“The staircase’s haunted.”
“And my dick’s little.”
“It’d be fun to truly find out.”
“You’ll truly find out fucking me,” he snorts into her hair roots, being taller and stronger.
He walks fast dragging her around the corner then turns right hitting the grand staircase. He charges up the stairs, grunting. “Where?”
“Second level, first door on left,” she smiles when he violently jerks open the knob, entering, first.
She follows behind.

Chloe’s bedroom.
She twirls around in a circle smiling and giggling for her beau attention and her belle compliment. He viciously attacks her ripping off the delicate satin ribbons holding the dress around her breasts with manly hands, grinning with an evil smirk. She stands in panty throng cooling her naked nipples in the cold air of her bedroom. He drops the dress from both hands, ordering. “Get naked. Fetch me a beer before we fuck.”
“I like to role play. Do you…,” smiles for his sweet response.
He stomps to the baby refrigerator under the entertainment center then squats. He opens the door grabbing two ice cold beer bottles in each hand then stands. He leaves the refrigerator door open pivoting towards the bed, sits one beer on the nightstand. He cracks open the other beer then inhales half the liquid. He drops the can, grins then burps. “Yeah. I like role play. You be whore. I be pimp.”
“Well, how about I be a princess needing rescuing, you are my prince coming to my rescue,” she smiles.
He sits the beer staining the ancient mahogany nightstand with the sweaty water. He pulls off his shirt tossing at the end of the bed then rips off his boots. He tosses both boots into the middle of the wooden floor with two thuds then rips off his jeans throwing the item on top of the shirt at the end of her bed. He grins with an evil smirk. He drops his boxer shorts tossing the item on top of the jeans, chuckling at Chloe.
He spins his nakedness then and leaps on top of the folded down bedcover with a single yellow rose displayed on her pillow top. He flings the rose the floor, without explanation. He twists his naked body then sits on top of her bed cover, without removing it. He adjusts his folded body, watching the television. “Yeah! You be princess whore. I be prince pimp.” She swings to her wardrobe closet changing into her new costume as a princess whore, giggling. He yells. “Where’s my vaginal playground? Come out kitty, kitty. Time to fuck then suck me dry, foxy.”
Chloe prances from the closet wearing a cute little black leather bustier falling down below her belly button with a front zipper for her beau. A decorative silver studded black leather collar suffocates her neck and a pair of black lace panties hides her flower. She giggles advancing to him. A set of black high heeled bedroom slippers with black feathered pom-poms cover her naked feet. Chloe didn’t have time to visit a local sexy clothing store for a pair of real spiked heels. She totes a black leather whip in her fist dragging the tail along the wooden face.
He kneecaps from his vertical pose on top of the bed cover, smiling and drooling at her. He grunts. “About time, whore. I like the whip thou. Does it work?” She slaps her hand against her leg then straight up towards the ceiling, the whip dances like a snake on the wood then flies like a bird in the air snapping like a firecracker. The tail hits the flooring as she giggles.
He reaches for her…naw…her whip jerking it from a right hand. She dumps the sexy house slippers then seductively crawls upon the bedcover, sneering like a she-wolf. He moves to the side out of her advancement studying her…naw…her whip. He smirks with evil.
Chloe lays her curls upon the pillow extending her body over the bedcover, not being a virgin. He drops the whip to his side then hovers over her semi-naked body. He unzips the leather bustier, grunting at her. He pulls off her panties with rushed fingers flinging it to the floor. He hovers over her nakedness guiding his elongated penis into her vagina with his hand. Chloe frowns at his penis. “Where’s my foreplay, dude?”
“No time,” he grunts then viciously plunges his dick into her pussy with great force and great pain.
“Aarrghh,” Chloe screams in pain and shock.
He withdraws his dick then hovers and drools into her face, frowning. “You’re a whore.”
She swallows the slight pain of his swift penetration then smiles sweetly, “A southern belle.”
He jerks his man-fingers into her vagina causing very little pain in her vagina, since she is not really a hundred percent pure virgin from her nightly and daily fun with the cowboys in Olando, Alabama, where she lives on her daddy’s cattle ranch.
He jams his fingers in and out, when she feels extreme arousal and extreme pain from his rough thrusting pattern. He sneers at her. “You’re a whore. I can finger fuck ya all night long ‘cuz your vagina…”
She smiles. “I call my precious vagina, a flower.”
“Your vagina’s stretched like ya fucked some twenty guys in one night like a gawddamn nasty whore.”
“I’m aroused making my flower open for your, big boy,” winks flirting like a real whore, not a southern belle.
“Fucking whore,” he removes fingers then hovers over her breasts, grins with an evil smirk. He rams his hard elongated dick into her delicate vagina.
“Aarrgh,” she screams from the sudden surprise.
“Not loud enough, whore…,” he pulls his dick out staring into her face then rams it a second time for her pain and his arousal.
“Hey…,” she hits his chest from his ungentlemanly behavior.
He stands on kneecaps grabbing the leather whip then cuts the leather with his pocket knife. The knife lies on the nightstand from his jeans before tossing them into the floor. A good redneck never parts with his switchblade for any damn reason. He slices the leather by one-fourth then quickly ties her wrists with the thin piece wrapping it around and around until she can’t break apart her arms. He gift-wraps another thin piece of leather around her lips allowing for oxygen breathes but no screams. He chuckles with an evil tone.
Chloe hits him with her sharp gray-painted fingernails and toenails without avail, since he slams two meaty legs over her thin thighs pinning her down onto the bed cover. He drops two biceps over her collar bone catching her waving arms pinning them to her side. He smirks with an evil grin then winks. “You like role play. I be master. You be slave.”
He licks with his beer-breathe tongue all over her face then tongue licks her from the top of her forehead down inside her vagina. He moans with filthy lust then roughly kisses lips her vagina while she struggles to get out of the whip leather strips wrapped around her lips with success. Her wrists are bounded and ties. He thrusts his dick in then out ramming her vagina with violent pain.
She screams, “Stop!”
He stops then growls. “I paid for this, whore-belle. I get my money’s worth, bitch-belle.” He flips her onto her kneecaps spreading her butt cheeks then viciously licks her ass with his tongue. He flips her onto her back jabbing his tongue into her mouth drooling over her lips.
Chloe kicks and punches with her tied wrists when he kisses and laughs into her face. She screams. “Ugh! Stop.”
He uprights and smiles at her. He laughs. “Not loud enough, whore-belle, ya get punished for being very, very nasty,” plows his dick into her vagina, sawing back and forth. He withdraws then flips her onto her kneecaps then rams his dick into her anus.
“Stop,” she yells.
He holds her wiggling ass. “Hold still,” rubs her ass with two hands then licks her butthole with his tongue then he rams his penis into her anus.
She feels dry and painful from the rough sex wiggling her body sideways, makes him withdraw the penis. She flips around to face him, growling. “Hey, asshole.”
“Hey, whore,” he chuckles and smiles.
“I’m not a whore.
He frowns. “You’re not a virgin,” lifts then turns her towards the headboard of the bed then thrusts his dick into her vagina.
“Aarrgh,” she screams in pain.
He leans into eardrum, grunting. “Not loud enough, whore-belle,” withdraws it then forcefully rams his dick into her vagina over and over, again. He growls with lust.
She screams, “Aarrgh,” fights both wet tears and weakly pleasure, since he’s hurting her. He seesaws his dick back and forth on his kneecaps creating an arousal in her along with awful pain. Her vagina is raw and dry from the rough thrusting. He pushes her skull and shoulders down towards the bedcover ramming his dick back and forth into her vagina. She screams. “Aarrgh,” feels her body enjoying the fuck clenching her teeth clench to the pain. He jerks his dick out and then flips her onto her knees thrusting painfully into her vagina. She almost eats the bedspread cover draping her face panting heavy for air after each thrust posing in the doggie style sex. He closes eyelids tossing his head backwards with both pleasure and lust swiftly thrusting in and out fast, faster, and then fastest. Chloe screams. “Aarrgh,” feels pain, lusty dirty, awesome arousal and bold pleasure.
He pulls out his dick then flips her onto her back shoving his dick into her screaming mouth when she chokes, spits salvia, and then yells. He laughs. “I want more. Ride me, bitch-belle,” lifts her from the bed into the air then slaps his back muscles onto the bedcovers. His protruding dick waves straight into the air then jerks her vagina upon his dick. She screams as he cups both hands under her armpits. She forcefully rides up and down on his dick. He quickly explodes his penis sperm into her vagina. She feels the hot liquid shooting up into her vagina then slowly pours back down over her pubic hair towards both inner thighs. He lifts her from his body tossing her to the side. He exhales lying on back muscles with his elongated red swallow penis shooting more bubbles of sperm then sizzles in the air. He smirks. “Suck me dry, whore-belle.”
Chloe doesn’t move being tied at her wrists, poses on kneecaps, “My hands are tied.”
He chuckles then slides off the bed. She lies on the side of the mattress close her eyelashes for rest and relief still hand tied from his beau brutality.
He pads to the refrigerator grabbing a beer. He opens then drinks half the liquid. He removes the bottle then burps swinging towards the bathroom. He enters and stays for a long time.
He exits the bathroom.
“I can fuck a long time like this, whore-belle,” he sucks on marijuana joint. “The pot keeps my dick erect for hours.” Chloe twists onto her kneecaps swinging her sour face at him. He lounges his lazy ass at the edge of the entertainment center smoking the marijuana joint, olds the beer can. He blows a thin veil of smoke into the air with a small bathroom paper cup catching the pot ash.
Chloe frowns then gasps. “Pot!? No drugs, here. I will…”
He inhales, holds, and then swallows smiling as remnant steam of pot fumes comes from two nostrils. His nakedness faces her. “I know, whore-belle. Don’t be a tattle-tailer, bitch-belle,” twists his nakedness to the bathroom.
Chloe stretches the leather strap finding a tiny hole. She runs three fingers through the hole struggling to free her hands. Chloe wiggles her hand out of the leather. The thin leather strap falls to the floor when she stands on her kneecaps with freedom.
He returns wearing a goofy smile wiggling his elongated dick side to side from the heavy puffs of the marijuana joint. He sees his capture is free, laughing. “Ah, my prey’s loose,” she scoot across the bed for the door. He catches and pulls her into his chest and penis laughing in her eardrum. He lifts her effortlessly with his taunt biceps into the air then slams her against the peach-colored paint blooding her mouth and nose along with dizziness inside her neurons. He rips apart her legs planting his thigh inside her pelvis and legs. He grunts. “Sex time, whore-belle,” she sees a small knobby protrusion decorating his elongated erupting sperm-filled dick. He leans his bad breathe into her face, grinning with an evil smirk. “Extra boost.”
“No,” she screams from fear when he forcefully thrusts the sexy tool around his dick into her vagina. Chloe feels intense pain with every punch of his dick hurting beyond her nerves and neurons then cringes with fear. “I…” try to fight.
He grunts into her face. “Shut it, whore-belle,” rams into her vagina, again.
“I…,” try to fight more when he slams his elbow into her rib cage. She stops struggling. “Ugh,” catches her breath then pants in pain.
He grunts into her face. “I be pimp. You be bad, whore-belle,” roughly licks then kisses her lips with his teeth then jerks her leg around his waist. “Make us good friction, bitch-belle.” He rams into my vagina slamming her back against the cool paint, cups her ass with his palm. Both her legs wrap around his fit waist when he grunts and sneers. “You’re tight at this angle, bitch-belle, but I’ll make ya loose for my big dick,” thrusts in and out.
Chloe screams in fear and pain. “No,” struggles in exhaust, mentally and physically. She beats on his chest with her fists when he grunts into her face announcing his ejaculation.
He thrusts in and out more slowly forcing sperm out his dick into her aching sensitive vagina. He stops thrusting breathing heavy and sweaty. He gently cuddles her into his chest with her legs draping his hips, whispers. “We be almost done, whore-belle,” grins.
“I…tire,” she exhales closing her eyelashes. He swings and carries her to the bed laying her out like a zombie on the soft mattress. He shuffles her arms sideways then up and down in different directions. She whispers. “What…doing?”
“Finding the right body pose for clicking a memory of our first of many fucks…,” her grunts and smiles.
“No cell...”
“Not using my mobile cell, whore-belle,” he touches his temple, grunting. “Use my memory cell,” winks. “You be cute like a little dolly, and limber like a gold medal gymnastic and fun, whore-belle. Can’t wait to come back here,” crawls onto the mattress hovering over her face and breasts, sits on his kneecaps. He slams his folded fist into her heart above her tit.
Chloe experiences a heart attack, jerking her body upright. “Ss…,’ gasps for air then inhales and exhales short puffs of oxygen before she suffocates to death on her own bed in her own room. She cuts her eyelashes at her unnamed beau. He holds his folded fist, smiling like he’s going to slap her face. She tenses then screams with tears of fear. “No…”
He laughs. “Ho. Ho. Ho. He. He. He. Your naked body jumped three inches from the bed like a puppet with invisible strings. That was fun for me and funny for you. Did’ya feel that jolt like a cup of bad moonshine? I’ll bring some wicked moonshine next time for our more fucking fun next Friday night,” leans into her face. “Next time, ya ride my dick right before I explode then pop my chest with your two fists like I did ya. It’ll give me a damn double ejaculation, whore-belle,” roughly kisses her lips with his teeth and tongue. He stands on his kneecaps smirking at her then leaps off the bed. He collects his clothes, dressing.
“I can’t believe that you’re actually leaving me.” Chloe exhales with weak delight in both exhaustion and pain lying on top of the wet bedcover from their multiple explosions of lusty dirty sex juice. She rubs her precious vagina feeling hot liquid pump from her vagina walls into the bedcover then lifts her finger seeing red blood.
He zips the jeans padding to the locked door, unlatches the keyhole. He yells, not facing Chloe. “Time for me to scoot. I got another whore to fuck before midnight,” laughs.
“…or you turn into a monster,” she whispers for her eardrums only with too many mixed emotions of sadness and happiness, lies outstretched like a zombie on her ruined bed spread covered in her vaginal blood. My leather bustier is opened exposing her small breasts wearing the silver studded black leather collar around her throat protecting my esophagus from being choked by his man-sized hands.
He stops then swings to her. “And next Friday you shout out my name Stan, the man when I fuck ya, whore-belle. Bye bitch-belle,” walks into the hallway then gently closes the door shut.
Chloe closes her eyelashes to sleepiness and sadness, wishing she could leave Antebellum House.

6:31pm. ball room. Emma and her beau.
Emma sits inside an ugly floral sofa belonging in a clown museum with a peachy-beige background splattered with hundreds of hand-sized flowers of red, yellow, blue, pink, orange, and blue tickling their green curvy leaves around each other like a batch of gay plants. The busy sofa over powers her pretty gown of pink rayon decorating with fourteen rows of tiny half-an-inch pink ruffles from a velvet pink belted waist to the floor, expands almost to the edge of the sofa armrests with three crinolines widening the pink fabric. She looks like a pretty pink princess. She straightens the pearls around her forehead with the gloved hand. The pearls attack her curled ponytail. She double-checks each pearl earring then the pearl choker around her swan neck ensuring prettiness. Emma yanks the gloves back up at the elbows smiling at the other nervous belles waiting on their beaus.
Chloe just left the ball room with her nice-looking but ill-mannered beau. 
Emma hears the cowboy boots march along the wooden breezeway escorted by Jocelyn. She stares at the empty archway hoping this is her beau when they appear giggling and smiling.
Beau: nice smiles, good teeth, suntanned, six feet and three inches, dark auburn curly hair, red T-shirt, rippled muscles, faded blue jeans, red alligator belt, red, white, and blue flames on the red alligator cowboy boots.
Jocelyn smiles and holds his arm. “Beau, meet our lovely belles. Go and find your girl!” He charges towards the north wall, where three sofas contain only two belles holding a smiling queen-sized Tyleigh and a beautiful queen-sized Bethel. He slowly tours each face then swings and studies pretty Naomi, lovely Peyton, and cute Zoey, swiftly moving away from the second section of sofas.
He swings left then stops, smiling directly Emma. She giggles and smiles back at him. He advances Emma holding his arm for the proper belle escort. She leaps from the sofa into his body, when he quickly back-steps from the vicious attack. He drops an arm in stunned surprised of her non-belle behavior. He grins then gingerly lifts his arm like a proper southern beau.
Emma blushes from her southern bitch behavior then grins. She reaches for his right arm. 
They swing towards the archway.
She smiles into his nose profile. “I’m Emma.”
“Stan,” he smiles viewing the archway.
Jocelyn waves and smiles. “Have fun, kids.”
They turn right then elegantly stroll down the cool breezeway with her hand wrapped tightly around his arm. Emma smiles at his nose profile. “Do I know your daddy?”
“Maybe,” he views the dark front porch passing the library.
“Do I know your mama?”
“Maybe,” he views the porch passing the belle parlour room.
“Do you live here in Bama?”
“Maybe,” he turns right walking along the front porch.
“You have a Southern accent. Do you live in a different southern state?”
“Maybe,” he turns right walking along the side porch towards the staircase.
“I like ya, Stan. Do you like me?”
“Maybe,” he stomps upon the staircase, without facing her.
“Maybe?” she frowns at his nose profile. “Do you like me or not? You’re very secretive, Stan.”
He exhales stomping up the stairs. “Emma, I understand that we…you and me…are not supposed to be discussing our private lives with each other for certain reasons. Am I wrong?”
“No,” she holds her dress hem then stops in front of her bedroom. She fingers in silence.
Stan smirks then opens the door for her.
Emma enters.

Emma’s bedroom.
He closes the door when Emma prances into the room. She gracefully twirls towards the entertainment Center then stops, smiling at Stan. She feels both excitement and beauty, being worth $200 of beauty that Jocelyn has collected on the front porch.
He walks to her bedcover and exposed pink satin sheets for their evening fuck fest, chuckles. Emma giggles then growls like a tigress for their jungle play time. Stan tenderly rubs the soft material between his fingers then views her, winking and smiling. “This bedroom arrangement displays a nice bed. Your pink ruffles match your pink dress. Did you plot that just for me?” He smiles when she blushes in hot pink color for their upcoming first of ten fuck fests.
Emma shrugs then giggles with angel innocence. She slowly plucks her elbow glove off then holds it in the air like a professional stripper. She drops it, giggling.
Stan stands at her bed frame touching and admiring the cherry wood posts. “Your bed posts even match your dress and bedroom ruffles in a pink hue. Very nice!”
Emma removes the other glove then tosses to the floor, giggling. “I love pink. My favorite color,” he smiles and swings to her advancing. She step outs her sandal then scoots the pair across the wood.
He squats capturing her sandals in both hands then stands, admiring her foot ware. He nods and smiles. “An excellent shoe designer and the style of your summer sandals are cute, too boot. I like the color you have chosen for today, a soft baby pink. The coloring compliments your honey-blonde hair and skin-tone perfectly like a painted portrait.”
Emma jerks the pink velvet belt disturbing the creation of a pretty antebellum dress. Stan comes closer smiling and tenderly touches the pink ruffles on the antebellum skirt with his right hand holding her sandal in his left palm. She giggles. “Thank you.”
“Your antebellum dress matches beautifully the fabric on the sandal. It is an exact perfect shade of pink.”
“The sandals were dyed that specific color, candy pinky-pink.”
He scans her room, smiling. “Brilliant. Your assembly is lovely, attractive, and compliments you and the room.”
She smiles. “Thank you.” Stan stands dressed in clothes and rippling muscles of taunt deltoids to biceps to triceps to eight-packed abs. She lowers the off-the shoulder ruffled collar exposing her honey-colored naked breasts down to her throng, completely honey-tanned beauty. Emma shakes her nakedness of an innocent virgin at his nose profile, giggling.
He smiles dropping the ruffles of the dress and the sandal down to the floor viewing her face, not physically touching her. “You’re a lovely sight for eyes, Emma.” She pulls off the golden band holding her ponytail when he presents his palm. She gently places the gold into his fingers. She pulls off each jewelry item starting with her pearl earring placing into his palm. Stan examines each gem. Emma places the pink pearl choker into his palm. He studies the delicate texture. Her hair falls over her collar bone down to her waist as her nipples peek-a-boo through the golden honey hair. Stan smiles at the gems. “Even your gems match your furnishings and clothes,” views her. “You’re all colored-coded, Emma.”
She giggles and grins with excitement and anticipation of their first of ten fuck fests nodding her curls and breasts. “Yes. I am.” He cautiously reaches around her body then gently lays each piece of pink pearl jewelry on either side of her arms. He carefully moves the four cables connected to the 70-inched plasma television away from the entanglement of cords behind her collar bone, without tickling her nakedness. She watches him maneuver around her standing completely honey-colored nude for his picking, plucking, and fucking. She pout her lips for her first ever boy-kiss of their first of ten Friday evenings together. He slides back from her, without touching her nakedness then studies her pink puffy gown in front of her naked feet. Emma can’t fuck with the dress on, so she lifts each foot shifting out of the heap of pink. He swiftly squats gathering the pile of pink, quickly stands and slowly ponders where to dump the lump of rayon. Emma smiles and fingers her vagina. “This is my flower. Ready for a picking, pruning or fucking,” giggles with a heavy hint for the boy. He must be one of those dense cowboys that Chloe warned the belles about during their daily and nightly belle masturbation fucks inside the ball room. She has to sweetly encourage him to begin their first of ten fuck fests using Chloe’s clever term. The night isn’t waiting.
“Nice name.” He chuckles and scans the closed wardrobe closet then the closed bathroom door, then the dirty wooden floor, and then the brown fake leather padded settee. The settee like the numerous pieces of wood or chrome or marble furniture elegantly clashes with her pink bed covers inside her private bedroom and Peyton’s private bedroom, and all the other belles’ private bedrooms throughout Antebellum House. He rotates to the fake beige granite armoire for holding her clothes then the black painted-metal desk with the laptop for accessing her on-line academic classes. Emma desires a kiss, a touch or an attack from him coupled with his greedy love lust. Stan frowns and scans the room. “I have never understood why the furniture pieces do not match within each bedroom. This is a historical building in Alabama with some nicely fine furnishings along with modern trashy junk,” swings and smiles at her. “Do you know?”
“No,” she sways her nakedness side to side then strolls towards clean bed linens. She violently rips the pink bedcover from the pillow then viciously jerks it off dumping upon the dirty floor. Emma grabs the pink rose which she requested to match her dress from the pillow swinging to him.
Stan gallops to the fallen bedcover then lifts it, scanning the room. He lays it on top of her dress then marches to the settee in the wall corner. He gently lays the items on the padded bench. He exhales then swings to her. “I guess this will do keeping the items fresh and clean,” swings to the desk. He steals the desk chair rolling it across the wood, plants in front of the closed door of the entertainment center. He opens the middle cabinet revealing the plasma television. Stan parts the two side cabinets revealing her electronic computer game box of virtual electronic fun activities then sits his fine ass inside the desk chair. He jerks his right boot into the air then removes the leather, duplicating the other cowboy boot. He places both boots on his left side wearing his socks, T-shirt, and jeans.
He leans into the entertainment center quickly snatching the key board from the game box attached to the plasma screen. Emma uses the game box playing card games listening to the boring on-line educational sessions. He pulls the second nested drawer of the entertainment center holding her dressing clothes then props both kneecaps on the edge of the fine thick wood acting like a slanted desk table for the keyboard gamer.
She hear the electronic sounds of beep, ping, and ding beginning the activation sequence for an electronic game on the menu then exhales with deep frustration, lots of confusion, and finally fighting fury.
Emma stomps to his side standing. She tosses back her skull then closes her eyelashes dreaming of their first of ten fuck fests. She slowly drags the softness of the rose starting at her the crown of her forehead down between her eyes, down her nose tip, down her parted lips and finally touches her chin. Emma sails the rose between my naked breasts tickling the honey-colored skin, giggling with the soft sensation. She drags the rose down between her rib cage, down her waist and then down her belly button, stopping. She tickles and wiggles the rose at her honey-colored pubic hairs, saying. “Stan!?”
He chuckles and plays with eyes and fingers on her electronic computer game box then whispers. “Shh! Got me a secret.”
Emma opens her eyelashes then squat, leaning into his nose profile as he plays an intergalactic space ship war game as commander of the war ship. “Tell. Tell,” giggles with excited and lusty anticipation.
He punches the stick on the keyboard flying the space ship into the moon, watching it explode into prettily red, blue, and yellow bombs. “I’ll tell but it’s a secret.”
“Tell. Tell,” she moves closer to his body, not touching.
“I’ll tell but you must promise to keep it a secret,” he wiggles the joy stick blasting the third enemy alien ship from the screen, chuckling.
“Tell. Tell,” moves her face into his cheekbone, wanting to kiss that pretty face.
He blasts the fifth enemy alien ship from the screen then whispers. “My name is not Stan, the man.”
She smiles, giggling and understanding the new game. “O! So ya want to do a role play character with me. That’s fine. I’ve heard of that sex fun. I want to be a fairy princess. But ya can call me princess. So what’s your new name gonna be, big boy,” winks at his nose profile.
He smiles and giggles playing on the television monitor as the commander of a warship. “I can’t tell ya that, princess Emma but I can tell ya this that I like to role play with boys, only.”
Emma frowns then says in fury into his nose profile. “I like to role play with boys, only. What the fuck does that mean, not Stan, the man?” He nods ignoring her beauty nakedness, plays on her stupid electronic game box hooked up to the 70-inched plasma television. She swiftly ponders then exhales. “You’re gay.”
He plays the intergalactic war game on her computer game box. “I like to role play with boys, only usually means that I’m gay, so I do not like to role play with girls, ever.”
Emma snarls then growl. “Gawd! Why are you here then?” Because she is not getting her first of ten fuck fests, ever.
He flies the space ship on the computer screen. “Asshole Gerrit made me do it.”
She frowns with confusion of this not Stan person, this Gerrit unknown person, and this no fucking action for her. “Do it? What did asshole Gerrit make you do, not Stan, the man?”
“Come here to Antebellum House. I supposed to pretend to be a badass boy named Stan, the man instead of a nice gentle man un-named,” sniggers and plays the computer game. “But I did give my money freely to the lost cause of Antebellum House, so you should be a few hundreds fully satisfied with that honored agreement, Emma,” chuckles then twitches the joy stick side to side for fun.
Emma drops her mouth standing her nakedness then twists towards the bathroom, storms away from her non-beau. She enters, rattling the brown paper bag like an angry snake, withdraws her used and abused rubber male penis, two inches in diameter and seven inches long. She purchased a new one in the sex store in downtown Birmingham on Sunday afternoon after church, tagging along with Chloe.
She washes the used vagina discharge from the rub then dries it, smiling. She grabs a gob of vaginal jelly from the tube then rubs it up, down, and sideways from the tip to the base of her rubber penis. Emma
Emma growls spinning the archway, marches passed her non-beau towards her bed. She plans to fuck my flower producing multiple sexual orgasms until she passes out from exhaustion, not smiling.

front portico. 7:30 pm. Belles Spring and Autumn and their beau.
He slides out the limo door handing off the hundred dollar bill to his driver then twists to Queen Virgin. Jocelyn is a beautiful woman of twenty-two years old closer to his age than the young virgins that his about to lustfully introduce to his world of love.
He chuckles trucking up the steps on gray lizard-skinned cowboy boots, smiling and identifying with his secret code. “Stan, the man.”
Jocelyn extends her hand like a future business executive in her daddy’s banking company with happy smiles, saying. “Welcome, Stan, the man!” He gently touches her fingers when she quickly pretzels his hand around her arm like a true southern belle. She scoots her sexy hip right next to his leg, giggling with excited amusement. 
Gerrit has claimed possession on this particular Antebellum House belle as he studies her big breasts bounce up and down inside her red soft gown. She leans her slenderness into his side giggling with excitement of a young fun evening, too.
He can distinguish a virtuous virgin from a nasty whore. A pure virgin smells to his manly nostrils like a patch of wild sweet honeysuckles freshly growing on the green vines coupled with bouts of happy giddiness of delight into his eardrums and smiling faces for his eyeballs. He wishes that he could fuck this doll with her sexy curves and angel face of pink as she giggles with giddiness.
“You’re getting the twins named Spring and Autumn. Honestly, I don’t know which one is which. That’s your new assignment, Stan if you double dog dare to accept it.” Jocelyn giggles when he grunts with that double picture inside his nasty mental mind.
They slowly pad down the end of the breezeway since he knows the location of the ball room, too. He was schooled here during his undergraduate days before he graduated from Birmingham University or the common nicknamed Burn U. Then he entered into the Birmingham State University or Bam U Law School.
They pass the belle parlour room when he fingers the opening. Jocelyn nods without looking, says. “Yeah. It’s still haunted. No one goes in there.”
“Understood,” he nods the acceptance but still tomcat curiosity about the ghosts that haunt the steps.
“Some day, one brave soul might come along and destroy those vertical walls holding them three evil she-ghosts, hopefully before my first born child comes here,” Jocelyn frowns with puzzlement.
“Wouldn’t them she-ghosts just move to another pair of parallel walls, tormenting the folks between the empty air molecules?” He chit-chat back with manly excitement.
Jocelyn giggles and views him. “That’s a good question, Stan, the man. Don’t ask the twins they won’t understand ya.”
“I don’t plan a lot of chit-chatting, since I’m more a finger-feeling…kind of a guy. I plan to do a lot of…”
“The twins will entertain ya. I promise. But I want you to promise to be a good gentle Beau with the…”
“Kittens,” he grins.
“However they’re truly virgins, newly weaned from their mama cat’s tits.”
“I swear to be nice and gentle.”
“I’m really appreciate you paying double the price at $2,000. We’ll use all the monies to…”
“They pretty like you, kitten. ‘Cause I’ll paid $3,000 dollar for you, baby,” he winks.
She smiles. “The twins are just as pretty as me, Stan, the man.”
“Can I leave in a limo with my kittens from Antebellum House?”
Jocelyn stops then faces him in angry. “Absolutely not, beau! You will go directly to Autumn’s bedroom for your fun and their pleasure during the evening,” swings and walks. “Then all ya’ll beaus leave at eight in the morning after the staff leaves from preparing our morning breakfast. That’s when the limo arrives picking all ya’ll up from here then taking all ya’ll back home to Rebel Den. Hear me, beau?”
“Yes, ma’am,” he stomps touching her gown. “Can I come back on Saturday night, also?”
She studies the peeling paint and broken rocking chair inside the breezeway. “The football game!?”
“I can miss the game.”
“If you enjoy the twins that much then I might arrange something on Saturday afternoon. But ya get Gerrit’s permission, first.”
“Gerrit told me no already along with some of the other rednecks,” he exhales. “Gerrit is big man at Rebel Den. No one disobeys Gerrit.”
“We’re here.” Jocelyn smiles then scoots into the archway. She squeezes his arms with nervousness, saying. “We have another beau. Pick your belle, darling.”
He smiles and studies the remaining four pretty girls, purposefully hesitate for both fun and nervousness creating a lovely atmosphere of belle tension. He moves to the north wall filled with those silly clown-decoration window treatments created by little elementary school kids then views the girl. 
He admires the pretty queen-sized belle with gorgeous features on her pretty face, her giant tits, and her big body, but he prefers smaller tits along with a tight ass. Tonight he will have two asses in each palm hand even more fitting than one single ass, chuckling. He parades to the second belle smiling and passing the beautiful brunette. He stands in front of the twins.
The girls jump up and down on the single cushion bouncing into each other’s shoulder. He grunts with excitement. The twins look alike possessing long platinum blonde hair flows on the right side of their pretty faces gathered with a tea tiny electric blue gem bow matching their dress.
The gown is sleeveless and shoulder-less exposing smooth tissue of tanned breasts, making his dick tingle with delight for their first fucking sex act. He grunts and grins with happy happiness holding both forearms for each twin. They swiftly stand and giggle trotting to him then bump and sway into each body. He grunts with more anticipation of many fucks with the pretty twins. Each girl grabs an exposed forearm digging her nails into his skin making him chuckle.
Stan slowly back steps from the sofa then twists to the archway. They slowly pass her when he yells. “See ya, Jocelyn.”
“Bye…,” Spring smiles and giggle digging her nails into her shared beau.
“…bye…,” Autumn smiles and giggles.
He leads down the breezeway knowing the route passing the library. The twins wiggle and giggle between his body with excitement He smiles. “Ya’ll look just alike.”
“Thank…,” Spring smiles and bounces with excitement.
“…you,” Autumn smiles and bounces with same excitement.
He views each girl. “Ya talk just alike too.”
“Thank..,” grins Spring.
“…you,” grins Autumn.
He chuckles at his little new kittens. “I’m Stan both ya’ll’s man…,” turns right down the side porch.
“Hi…,” grins Spring.
“Stan…, grins Autumn.
“Spring…” 
“Autumn…” 
He chuckles. “Spring and Autumn like the yearly seasonal calendar. When’s your birthday?”
“We’re not supposed to..,” says Spring.
“….talk about personal data,” says Autumn.
He nods recalling the secret from the belles along with the silly common code name of Stan, the man. “Right, I’m sorry.”
“You don’t look, sorry.” Spring grins and giggles leaning into his right side blocking some of his boot path. She digs her nails into his skin with excited anticipation. He turns right towards the grand staircase of the belle garconniere.
“Ya look, manly.” Autumn smiles leaning into his left side, stumbles her legs into his boots digging her nails into his skin with excitement, too.
He smirks. “Do ya’ll always finish each other sentence?”
“I..,” smiles Spring.
“….guess...” says Autumn.
He chuckles. “How do I tell ya’ll apart?” They pace slowly up the staircase.
“I’m Spring,” giggles Spring.
“I’m Autumn,” giggles Autumn.
Stan chuckles at his new kitten challenge. “I’ll figure something out, my new little kittens. I bet there’s one tiny difference between you girls.”
“No.” Spring smiles.
“Not.” Autumn smiles and fingers at her bedroom.
They stop.

Autumn’s bedroom.
Stan twists open the knob allowing the heavy door to sway open letting the twins enter first. He stomps into the familiar layout seeing the nightstand, the king-size mattress covered in maroon and yellow sunflowers, the other nightstand, and a row of three undivided windows covered in curtains privacy. A brown leather settee marks the wall corner intersection, the entertainment cabinet where a country music song blasts. He smiles at the nice musical selection. He surveys the bathroom door frame then the wardrobe door frame ending his panorama view of Autumn’s bedroom. All the sleeping rooms look alike for the college students, so they can concentrate on their academic studies.
He stomps towards the settee bending at his waist and kneecaps, lifts the light weight object into the air. The twins gasp at his superman’s strength. He wiggles his ass holding the settee over his skull walking between the bed frame and the entertainment cabinet. He gently bangs the four legs on the flooring sliding the settee between the door and the bed for his viewing pleasure.
He stands between the settee and entertainment cabinet while the kittens attack his tallness wandering their hands and soft gowns over his body. They giggle then he grunts then kisses their platinum locks under his arms. “You are…,” frowns at the girl on his right.
She rotates her hands over his chest, giggling. “Spring.”
“Autumn,” the second twin says.
He shakes his skull with more confusion. The girls look alike in appearance, sound, and manner stroking his T-shirt and tickling his jeans with their small delicate female hands. He leans into the girl on his right saying into her hair roots. “Kitten-one,” chuckles when she smiles into his face. He swings into the second girl on his left, saying. “Kitten-two,” kisser her lips when she giggles. “Can ya’ll remember your call names.”
“Kitten-one,” Spring smiles.
“Kitten-two.” Autumn smiles.
He chuckles holding his arms parallel “Stripe me, kittens.”
They set to work.
Kitten-one pulls his T-shirt from the belt loops when Kitten-two unzips his jeans with her talented fingers. He dances and wiggles his hips as the jeans fall over his cowboy boots. He scoots and wiggles onto the settee sitting in his underwear. The twins assist pulling the jeans over his boots. Kitten-two gently touches the top leather of his boot when he reacts. “Naw, darling. Don’t ever touch a man’s boot, without permission, honey.”
“Okay,” Kitten-two tenderly rubs his naked leg with her warm soft hands when he smiles patting her soft hair. He stands pulling his briefs down around the boots. He steps each boot out of the jeans showing off his man-nudeness when they gasp. The kittens wander their hands and fingers around his deltoids to his dick then up to his kneecaps.
His dick is flat now, but it’s about to grow taller. He chuckles. “Stripe for me, Kittens…,” two-steps to the right then flings off the bedcovers. He spins then spreads the bedcover over the settee then sits his ass on the furniture, leaning against the head rest with both hands tucked behind his skull. He stretches his boots over flooring watching the lesbian play in action, feels his little dick growing bigger.
They giggle moving in a circle between the settee and entertainment cabinet ripping the silk ribbons from the front of their gowns. The fabric pops open revealing their tanned skin. The neckline falls to the waist revealing naked tits with tiny pointy pink nipples, small 32AA.
Stan grunts with lusty excitement. “Touch each other, kittens,” watches with lustful sin of delight. Kitten-one grabs each other’s breasts with both hands massaging. Kitten-two twirls her fingers around her sister’s nipple when she tosses her heads backwards for the lesbian show. He grunts feeling his dick expand from flat to firm and lifting towards the ceiling. He smiles. “Lick each other, kittens,” chuckles with lustful greed. Kitten-two dips her head into her sister’s breast sucking on the nipple then moves her lips to the other nipple sucking for joy. He growls and grows hard and taller. Kitten-two stops her slurping noise when Kitten-one bends her face sucking her pink lips on her sister’s breast. Kitten-one plays her fingers on the other breast then switches her hand and lip movement to the opposite side. Stan grunts and grows his dick taller. He says. “Undress, kittens,” enjoys the lesbian action smiling with love and lust.
They giggle pulling their dress down over their waistline. It falls away down to the kneecaps exposing their semi-naked bodies, except for a tiny pink thong over a set of hidden pussy hair.
He smirks with delight. “Finger fuck each other, kittens.”
Kitten-one slides her sister’s throng slowly down long tanned legs to the top heap of the electric blue ruffles at the bottom of her naked ankles then Kitten-two steps her sandal from the gown pushing the dress away from her leg.
Kitten-two removes her other sandal shoving the gown behind her naked ass when he grunts and grows his dick in both height and pleasure. Kitten-two is beautifully nude in a deep suntan of coffee from a forehead to toes. He chuckles at the twin lesbian show. Kitten-one stands with arms parallel to the flooring when Kitten-two plays with her sister’s throng then drops the tiny piece of fabric down onto the clothes. Kitten-one steps both sandaled feet away from the blue ruffles sliding the dress behind her naked ass.
The twins are both beautifully nude standing and staring at each other then Kitten-one slowly bends at her waist into a backwards position, arches her body. He watches in stunned amusement.
Kitten-one lands both hands flat on the flooring creating a pretty neat inverted u-shaped with her limber body then Kitten-two slides her body to the right side then jabs her finger into the pussy of Kitten-one. He slaps his skull against the head rest then drops his mouth grunting with lusty amusement, “Golly.”  Kitten-one gently thrusts her finger in and out of the exposed pussy of her twin. Kitten-two gently slides her body back and forth in an opposite rhythm on her hands when the pussy and the finger crush and then thrust beautifully together making his dick engorge, enlarge, and elongate towards the fucking ceiling sun.
Stan leans forwards smiling, watches the lustful play, “Golly,” drools then mops up the spit with his hands. He gently touches his dick ready to explode with sperm from the lesbian show. “Kittens…,” cracks in a sissy tenor.
“Yes…,” says Kitten-one thrusting her finger deeper into her sister’s pussy for an outstanding lesbian show.
His voice cracks with excitement and lust. “Do me, kittens,” smiles. Kitten-two stands upright, giggling with amusement. They turn and twist to him giggling and bouncing to the settee. Kitten-two straddles his legs. He smiles. “Sit on your knees first then straddle over my dick,” stretches his nudeness across the settee. Kitten-two crawls over his hips then dances on his knees cutting into his hip bones hovering her pelvis in front of his dick. She slowly reaches for his elongated penis. He yells. “Naw! Ya can do play with my dick later, after I bust. Kitten-one, hold your hands under her armpits while she squats and hovers her pussy over my dick.” Kitten-one stands behind her sister’s naked shoulder blades placing her hands under her sister’s armpits as he holds the waistline of Kitten-two. He gently glides her pussy directly over his elongated dick. Kitten-two wiggles his kneecaps side to side slowly swaying her blonde curly pussy hair over a leaking tip of his dick. “Squat down on my dick, kitten,” watches. She plunges her wiggling body onto his tip feeling the tightness of her wet and soft vagina lips.
“O no…no...No…,” she screams from shock and pain trying to wiggle off his dick flinging her arms. Kitten-two is a virgin with a tight vagina when he shifts then slaps his palms on each collar bone. Her vagina falls over his elongated and engorged dick.
He grunts in pain and pleasure, “Ugh…,” sees her vagina eat his penis with her pubic hairs ticking his balls with her fuck squatting pose.
“O no…no…no,” she sobs in pain as he shoves her further down onto his hips. 
He smiles. “Jump up and down on my dick. Fuck me, kitten,” feels the blood rushing quickly to the tip heating his body with tension of her tight vagina wall cuddling around my dick.
Kitten-two exhales then smiles dancing and waving her arms on top of his dick. She sings in happiness. “O no…no…no,” when he lays against the settee’s head rest enjoying the cowgirl ride with my boot soles tapping the floor with an invisible musical song inside his mind. Kitten-one jerks her hands up and down in steady rhythm when he feels the heat of his sperm and rush of blood into his dick. She jumps up and down building up the pressure from his balls making him about to explode.
He lifts Kitten-two from his abused dick as she stumbles to the side into her sister’s arms. They fling into the bed mattress giggling and laughing. 
He allows his dick pressure to die down for a few seconds as Kitten-one poses over his elongated penis. Kitten-two stands behind her sister, smiling and giggling with excitement. He smiles. “Hop on, kitten. I’ll pretty your flower with my seedlings…,” grunts and chuckles.
Kitten-one wiggles and struggles her legs over his legs then poses over his swollen elongated penis then slowly drops her vagina opening onto his dick. She tips the tip of his hard penis, shouting. Yes. Yes,” then Stan slams his hands over her collar bone. Kitten-one screams in shock and pain, “No. No. No,” bites her bottom lip drawing blood. He jerks her armpits up and down fucking his dick. She screams with pain. “No. No. No…,” then feels delight.
Stan grunts as her jumps building up the pressure from his balls heading into his engorged dick. His dick is almost as thick as his bicep, chuckling. He’s close to the edge, “Go, Kitten!” He’s hard about ready to shoot his sperm feeling his dick stiffen for the final blow of his sperm boys. He exhales then inhales. “Faster, Kitten. I’m about to pop,” then explodes his sperm into her pussy feeling dirty lust. His ejaculation force is a continuous stream of sperm as his muscle spasm and involuntary thrust from a great fuck blind in his right eyeball. He smiles and grunts with lusty gratification feeling sleepy. “Time for nighty-night, kittens,” when they giggle and dash into the king-sized bed. He stands and stretches his arms towards the ceiling, smiling with dumbness of sexual completion. Stan swings with his wrinkled dick then crawls between the naked twins wearing my cowboy boots. He kisses their soft hair then lies on the pillow. He closes his eyelids, smirking. “Good night, Kittens.”

Front Portico. 8:01 pm. Belle Jocelyn and her beau.
Jocelyn stands on the porch when he exits the limo. He smiles and laughs in a deep baritone tuba on a diamond-shaped face. He is known to her as Gerrit possessing a narrow forehead and a protruding jaw line. His cheekbones are sharp when she giggles. “Gerrit.”
He skips up the steps then crashes his tallness into her slenderness curling his biceps around her naked shoulders with a hug. Then he kisses her lips with his soft petals of man-flesh. He slowly releases his warm lips then pulls back and smiles. “Jo doll, you’re so beautiful.”
He dances his eyeballs admiring her red velvet floor length dress. The dress compliments her delicate pink skin. His eyes stare at her ample breasts down to her covered toe nails of misty gray-tinted nail polish hiding under my fluffy plantation dress.
Jocelyn giggles having a secret crush on Gerrit during her high school days until her older and wiser daddy sent her off to Antebellum House for four years.
Gerrit doesn’t waste his precious time with hand shakes or secret code names. She is his prize trophy using her cousin-Jerk to negotiate with the Rebel Den of beaus. Each beau bids on a beautiful belle raising the required $63,000 needed to save their precious Antebellum House. Gerrit swings them towards the west side of the front porch. “I love you, Jo doll,” chuckles and snuggles his nose into her. She giggles inside his muscular arms. He leads around the outside porch since the belle parlour room staircase is truly haunted.
Jocelyn has personally ventured twice in her cowgirl boots to prove that the theory false. Each time she felt invisible chilly fingers tickle the nape of her neck experimenting sensations of scary-kitty cat and creepy-grossed out. She giggles. “Sucky pick-up line.”
“That ain’t no pick-up line. It’s a promise, Jo doll.” He whispers as she giggles at his silly pet name for her. She has personally known Gerrit for many years her farm neighbor and friend of her cousin-Jerk.
She giggles. “Gerrit.” They slowly stroll along the south side of low shuttered windows towards the west corner. He drools on her face, neck, and arm with his mouth salvia. She smells his manly piney musk cologne leading her bedroom chamber.
He whispers. “Remember our first date I was five. You were three on your pink baby tricycle when we were planned to glide down that steep hill like a two-person royal chariot with you on the top of the handle bars. We lined the citizens from our bedroom with all our stuffed toy animals of bears, dogs, cats, monkeys, and giraffes along the sides of the lawn grass as our new subjects of the kingdom. You loved to play royal kingdom.”
She giggles. “You loved to play royal kingdom as…king and dumb…”
“Jo doll…,” he laughs and cuddles her. “Then ya perched like a princess between my big muscular biceps leaning your butt…”
“Back muscles into your happy smiling face, bubba. Then we sailed down into dangerous disaster.”
He chuckles, “I…me…your boy, Gerrit darling saved your cute ass when I swung my mighty he-man five-year old body off that tricycle during that dangerous flight. I might add too while going straight down that hill then grabbed your shoulders jerking ya to safety into my wrapped arms.”
“Our safety was a near-by mud puddle that you landed us in. Then your Mama spanked your butthole with an alligator belt colored in a bright puke green. Was that really her fashion belt?” Jocelyn giggles at her yesteryear thought.
He sniggers. “Naw, Daddy’s. It hurt too along with them developing bruises from landing on my left side and shoulder with precious you tucked into my arms, sweetheart. I’s will never forget that precious perfect picture moment of our first date, together.”
“I really didn’t get hurt physically, just scared to death mentally from that frightful flight then that flying flee of your swift rescue.”
“Well, I wasn’t trying to harm my beautiful cousin since I like to kiss on your body parts, Jo doll.”
“Ya ain’t my cousin, Gerrit.”
“Yeah, Jo doll. I be your kissing cousin which is defined by the Internet dictionary. A far away distant relative known well enough to kiss when nicely greeted with combo of a great big teddy bear hugs and a long-time leech lip suctions. That be diff from a fucking cousin then we become a cousin marriage.”
“Gawd! I’m not marrying any of my cousins or you, Gerrit,” she giggles. Jocelyn doesn’t want to hear his weird-ass marriage proposal until she graduates and gets a job in her daddy’s banking company. She fingers her door. “This is my room. And this thing is a big favor that I owe to Jerk-face.”
“Jerk-face!?” Gerrit frowns with puzzlement.
“My cousin named Jerk,” she giggles.
“O! Jack, your other kissing cousin,” he chuckles.
She shakes her curls. “Wrong, Gerrit.”
Gerrit smiles. “A quote with marks kissing cousin unquote with marks is any cousin that is not a first cousin. Ya’ll see you ain’t my first cousin. Among related folks in other places in the world first cousins may not have sex or babies. But in most cultures second cousins and higher can have sex and babies. Degree of cousinship is determined by how many generations the shared ancestor is removed from the individual closest to the generation of the shared ancestor.  If we share the same grandparent we are first cousins therefore should avoid any physical encounters with each other which might lead to sex then to marriage then to a baby. First cousins are not kissing cousins. If we share the same great-grandparent we are second cousins and are therefore able to kiss, fuck, produce children, since we be royal, Jo doll, well if’an we lived in foreign country of Great Britain, instead of the great USA. I’m descended from king of Germany.”
“How so?”
He cuddles her. “You, too?”
“How so, Gerrit?”
“We learn, practice, and enforce the original decree in established in the foreign country of Great Britain known as the Royal Marriage Act of 1772. After the cave women fucked their cave men daddies created the second generation of incest children…,” chuckles Gerrit.
“You’re sick, Gerrit.”
“The Royal Marriage Act states that the first born royal child son or daughter must obtain royal. In our case southern verbal sometime written consent from their strict and loving mama and daddy in order to maintain their eligibility to the farm, land, money and children.”
“So, stupid.”
“So, serious.”
“I’s can prove it, Jo doll.”
“Prove it, prince of Germany,” she giggles.
He removes his arm tapping on his mobile telephone then screens the screen. “Friedrich I Wilhelm Karl von Württemberg born in the sixth of November 1754 and died on the 30th of October 1816 was declared the king of Germany by Emperor Napoleon. He was known for his gigantic size at 6 feet and 11 inches and about 440 pounds.”
She gasps. “Golly. He looks just like you, a high forehead, loss of blonde hair, sharp pointy nose, little beady eyeballs, no cheekbones, thin but shapely lips and a pointy chin with pale skin.”
“I look like my great-granddaddy to the fifth power. I think the fifth power. I have to ask Mama for shore.”
“The fifth power?”
“Ya know my great-great-great-great-great-granddaddy, the fifth power of great,” fingers the screen. “See that tiara.”
“The crown of the Kingdom of Wurttemberg. That’s called the royal crown,” she gasps. “I know that ornamented piece of gold. It is kept…,”
“…in the glass bookcase. See the orange flattened chef’s hat in velveteen. It’s pretty much disintegrated but the emeralds shine with red and black sparklings. Real. The diamonds shine too. Mama jerked the strand of attached ivory pearls from the bottom tier of gold. She wears them pearls around her neck every damn day like she’s a real dang princess. But the rest of the tiara is intact. Great-great granddaddy won’t let his wife or his daughters or his future grand-daughters dismantle it for more jewelry items. The tiara is passed down to each blood child,” chuckles. “That’s me and you, Jo doll.”
She gasps. “Me!”
“Frederick was born in the country of Poland, the eldest son of Frederick II Eugene, Duke of Wurttemberg.”
“You’re middle name is Eugene.”
He shakes his baldness. “Please, darling. Don’t mention that in public.”
“It’s an old fashioned royal name Eugene Gerrit.”
“Please don’t mention that in public, either…,” laughs at the silly sur-name from his parents. They both stomp upon the first step of the grand staircase to her bedroom suite. She lives on top being a senior at Antebellum House.
“Okay,” she giggles.
He whispers. “Frederick married Duchess Augusta of Brunswick and had four kids granting his biological children and further male-line descendants the titles princes and princesses of Wurttemberg as Royal High-asses,” chuckles. “He was very tall and obese nicknamed as the ‘great belly Gerent’ which is Germany for Gerrit,” she views him. He nods. “Napoleon was said to remark right into his face that God had created Frederick to demonstrate the utmost extent to which the human skin could be stretched, without bursting. In an unkind return right over Napoleon’s bald spot Frederick teased the question, how much poison could fit into such a small pointy head.”
She frowns. “What’s that mean?”
“That they didn’t like each other, probably both plotted and planned to murder each other in their royal bed chambers like that British dude William Shakespeare who wrote in his weird-ass plays poison, daggers, bedrooms. Sick stuff!”
“What kind of poison?”
“Back then, in those ancient days them bad boys and girls like using sleeping potions, bestest of all. Pretty much, the equivalent of a drug overdose in our times I studied about it since I majored in biology of boys and girls,” chuckles and cuddles her.
She frowns. “Potions or poison, Gerrit?”
“Both, I guess. But the real conversation is that I’m descended from his son named Prince William of Wurttemberg. The prince was born in the year 1781 succeeding his father as King until his death in the year 1864.”
“We are kin. How?”
Gerrit smiles. “Endogamy is practiced and used quite offer by British royalty in a cousin marriage within a specific class of folks like royals or Southern culture, a certain social group for money or power or both like us.”
“Not like us, boy! A specific class of folks in our Southern culture is called hillbillies that marry each other’s cousins,” she giggles and nods.
“In the year 1299, the first British royal marriage of first cousins was Edward I of England and his wife Margaret of France. In the year 1840, Queen Victoria married her first cousin Prince Albert. Then they produced nine children, 40 grandchildren and more than 1,000 total descendants making up some of the modern reigning royalty including me and you, babe.”
“Gerrit!?”
“The mostest commonest is the current Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip who are also third cousins from their descent from Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. Prince Charles and his famous wife Princess Diana both share a common ancestor in William Cavendish, the Duke of Devonshire. And then there’s that new royal set of young’uns named Catherine Middleton and Prince William are known to be fifteenth cousins.”
“We’re not royalty, Gerrit?” She fingers her suite as they face each other.
He hugs then kisses her lips, chuckling. “We be the American royalty, sweetheart. John Adams and his third cousin Abigail Smith married while he served as President of the United States. Then there’s Alfred du Pont, the great-grandson of DuPont Company founder married his second cousin Alicia Bradford Maddox. And Albert Einstein married his first cousin. Jesse James the outlaw of the American west married his first cousin. Thomas Jefferson married his third cousin.”
“Okay. I believe your American royalty with the silly cousin marriages.”
“Presidents, warriors, outlaws, writers, inventors, we be right there with them.”
“Gerrit, what in heaven and earth are we numbered as cousins?”
“Eighteenth cousins on my Mama’s side,” her smiles opening her door.

Jocelyn’s bedroom.
The wide door closes behind her ass, without any sound, since the door spring hinges work perfectly to catch the wide door. Jocelyn stands against the wood watching with amusement as Gerrit pulls his T-shirt off exposing his naked chest of sculptured muscles.
As the first item of clothing dumps he rips off his belt then drops to the floor. Gerrit flexes his leg into his nostrils holding both palms around the boot hopping around the room, cussing. “Fuck! My foot’s stick,” wobbles around in a small circle then violently jerks it off. He removes his sock too then thumps the hard leather and soft cotton onto the floor with a loud boom. He twirls around into another short circle removing the other boot then sails both his boot and sock to the flooring for another boom sound.
Jocelyn giggles and stands away from the flying clothes between the doorway and the wardrobe closet, out of target range.
Gerrit unzips his jeans letting the loose denim drop down to his naked ankles exposing his tallness and paleness as she giggles at his male strip poor performance. He lifts each naked foot from the crumpled blue jeans then pads towards her bed mattress.
He dumps the underwear briefs from his naked ass onto the flooring then jumps across the mattress using his extra long arms and legs. He rolls then lands on the opposite side, standing in beautiful nakedness. Gerrit reaches over then shifts the laptop from the desk laying it gently on the floor then shuffles an empty desk at the edge of the bed mattress. He measures the height of the cheap plywood with the height of the mattress. He moans, “Too short.”
Gerrit swings with his crinkled dick facing the built-in book case selecting four thick textbooks from her baby library that she have collected from her years in college. He stomps his naked feet to the desk then squats at the first table leg placing one of the thick textbooks under a square foot, raises the student desk to meet the height of the bed mattress. He looks at her grinning with a goofy grin. “Get naked, Jo doll.”
She stands in amusement watching his furniture re-decoration inside my pretty plantation room and dress, “What are you doing?”
“Moving the plasma TV.”
She shakes her hair bun unwrapping an aching scalp with the zillions of hair pins. “We’re going to watch TV and fuck at the same thing.”
He smiles and stands showing off his fine nakedness with a big tanned penis that winks and waves her. “Awe, Jo doll! You completely understand me. See, we’re made for each other,” about faces then pads around the bed. He crawls over the bed sheets.
She unbuckles the belt holding her plantation gown in shape. Jocelyn performs a strip-tee act dropping the clothing items to the floor then kicks off each sandal. She feels the cool floor underneath her naked toe bones then unties the satin ribbons the bodice. It exposes her breasts, not wearing a bra. Jocelyn shimmies out of the gown dropping it her naked ankles, removes her cute red lace panties that Gerrit doesn’t give a hoot about seeing. She stands in fine belle nakedness when Gerrit smiles and watches her plasma television screen with some type of programming. She shakes her curls as he watches the wrong boob tube. 
Gerrit watches the television screen. “Fetch me a beer from the fridge before ya come over,” she giggles walking to the baby refrigerator built inside the entertainment center. She squats then opens the door feeling the cool air tickle her tits, giggling. She grabs one beer then stands and swings to him. She giggles. Gerrit lies his lazy his ass on the left side of her bed mattress like an old married man playing with the remote control. He says. “Fetch me some peanuts too then come here and play, Jo doll,” pats an empty spot on the bed but watches the television when she eye rolls. Jocelyn spins then attack the tiny food panty with limited safely wrapped food items for her night time snacking. She grabs the salted peanuts, standing in her fine nakedness. She pads to her bed shaking her big breasts side to side, hopes Gerrit sees her belle cuteness. Gerrit was picked for her since cousin-Jerk arranged the secret rendezvous. Then the other rich beaus would follow their leader and tag along paying dollars for a belle to save Antebellum House. “Come here and play, Jo doll!” He pats an empty spot by his leg laying his shoulder blades against three stacks of pillows, watches television. Jocelyn crawls with one palm and toe bones onto the soft bedding handing the beer. He opens it, without looking at her studying the television, grins and giggles. He drinks the beer then says. “Watch my little fellow, Jo doll. It’s flat now but it grows tall and big like a solider like me,” burps then giggles.
She smells his beer burp, frowning with disgust. “Gerrit!?” she stares at his curly-q skin of pale dick watching it wiggle and waggle.
He watches the television screen. “This is the best foreplay in the universe watching other chicks and ducks fuck each other making ya hot and heated. I really quick for our first fuck,” chuckles, eat peanuts and views the television. “I’m getting bigger. Look see! I’m rising like my mama’s buttermilk biscuits.” She gasps with shock. His penis slowly moves side to side lifting towards the ceiling within his blonde hairy balls.
She frowns with confusion. “You don’t do foreplay.”
“I fore play the TV…,” chuckles Gerrit, watches the television, chuckling. His penis stands between his balls in pale skin.
“Nuh-uh…,” she watches his penis in confusion.
“Watch the TV too, Jo doll. This be some cold ass porn on your crappy TV channel. But it’ll do the job,” he says.
She swings to the television viewing the pornography program. Her daddy would tan her hide if he ever suspected that she powered the television set to a pornography station. She drops her mouth. A young naked male and female with the male on top of the female moves his dick slowly in and out of her vagina massaging her tits with his hands. She feels it the tingling of her tits from the nipple popping with the excitement duplicating the sensation inside her mind and the stretching of her vagina, without touching her body with her finger. Her eyelashes purely enjoy the nasty recorded porn show. Gerrit switches the channel showing two girls kissing, foaming, and licking each other from their eyelashes down into their vagina. She exhales, “Uhn-uh.” Jocelyn feels her nipples hardened and her vagina expand with slight pain desiring some nice hand-touching action from Gerrit.
He smiles and watches the television. “Porn’s great. That’s why it’s so illegal. Guys can get primed just watching the shit, without even touching their dicks then pop like popcorn. Then do it over and over and over, again,” grins his penis. “Look at my little fellow standing like a solider.”
She exhales. “Uh-huh,” studies his penis. She feels her body shiver from excitement and fright, being my first fuck.
He fingers his penis, laughing. “I’m inflated and buff. Check out my fellow, Jo doll.” She grins with delight. Gerrit sits the beer bottle on the nightstand then rolls his long body over her nakedness.
“Gerrit!?” she smiles not moving, being part frozen with fear and part with heat of this desirous danger. She feels his fellow racking against her tummy then moves his fellow closer down to her flower dripping his penis juice on her curly pubic hairs.
He smiles. “Bend your knees, Jo doll. It’s time for you to be all mine. Close your eyes. You’ll greatly enjoy this. I promise, darling.”
She doesn’t close her eyelashes and holds her palms around his biceps. He hovers over her when she almost bursts into tears of fear and fun. She feels mixed emotions of sadness and happiness. Jocelyn does not smiling. “I really am a virgin, Gerrit.”
He kisses her trembling lips with his warm lips then surfaces. “Your cousin’s a real jerk but you’re my real joy. I promise. I’ll not hurt ya, Jo doll.”
“Gerrit!?” she sobs then her tears rolls down her face. 
He smiles wiping her tears. “Get on your knees. We’ll do it doggie style. I can control the pressure of my entrance point,” lifts then wiggles onto his kneecaps as he poses her in front his chest and dick. He lifts her face to the active television program, whispering. “Watch the porn, Jo doll. Look at them fucking. Feel them fucking. Let your mind absorb that lustful emotion into your bones then your vagina will expand for me to enter, only hurting ya a little bit. So as I ease inside ya holler like a baby piglet for its Mama. That’s help a lot. Then I can measure your yodel with the other bitches’ yodeling,” chuckles.
“Gerrit!?” she frowns with annoyance.
He chuckles kissing her earlobe then her neck, easing her fury and fight. He leans into her when she feels his heat against her ass. He shoves his hands between her legs parting them wider then scoots his body in close, bumps his hips against her ass. She feels the tip of his little fellow nicely massaging her wet flower. He leans into her eardrum. “I’m going in.”
Jocelyn watches the fucking couple on the television screen feeling her body immediately react. Her tits go hard burning with intense fire. Her arms and hands water sweat with passionate fright. Her vagina starts to expand outward with a little more pain then his tip touches the lips of her little flower. He slowly pierces her thin layer of skin as she watches the porn scene easing the ache of her first time virgin sex. “Aw…,” screams her pleasure and pain, panting for air.
“Half way, Jo doll. Watch the porn. You’re doing great, sweetheart,” he shoves his little fellow deeper into her little flower, grunting and smirking at the beauty of his first time sex with an innocent virgin.
“Aw…,” she screams with excited pleasure and pain as her little flower expands for his great big fellow.
“I’m in, Jo doll. Watch the porn,” he pants, grunting into her ear.
“Aw…,” she screams with erotic pleasure with dirty lust.
Gerrit comfortably parks his little fellow inside her little flower gently rubbing her ass with his warm hands. He exhales. “You feel so good, Jo doll,” pauses. “I’m going to rotate my little fellow like a washer machine to get ya more wet lubricated before the powerful thrusting, darling.”
He circles his hips as she feels his little fellow wiggling awake, produces intense pain and erotic pleasure inside her little flower. She screams. “Ah…,” ditches the porn on the television, closing her eyelashes. She feels mind-blowing sensations of pain and pleasure.
Gerrit thrusts deeper his little fellow when she rears from the bed from the last painful penis plunge. He drops his chest covering her forcing her face into the bed mattress. He hangs his chest and arms over her body grunting with wild excited animal sounds. “Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Scream, Jo doll.”
“Ah,” she feels dirty lust and dangerous pain.
He thrusts in and out grunting his barbaric mammal sounds. “Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Scream, Jo doll.”
“Ah,” she feels lust and pain.
He thrusts in and out grunting animal sounds. “Ugh. Ugh. Ugh. Scream, Jo doll.”
Jocelyn feels pain then pleasure, then lust, then love, and then explodes into erotic dirty lust. She bleeds hot liquid from her vagina walls forcing her female-ejaculation over his little fellow when Gerrit slowly eases in and out of her. His little fellow is slowly deflating inside her vagina pouring their sex juices over their limbs and bed.
He doesn’t withdraw from her slamming his body over her back muscles in joy and exhaustion, lies over her sweaty body.
They pant and smile.
Gerrit rolls onto his back muscles off her.
She lifts her face smiling and seeing the television, watches the porn couples fuck. Jocelyn crawls around then lies next to him creating a she-pillow beside a he-pillow. She giggles at her first fun event with badass Gerrit leaking her vagina-juice from her little flower over the bed linens. She views him.
Gerrit lies on his back with closed eyelids enjoying the moment. His chest slowly breathes wiping the sweat from his face feels satisfaction and love. “Jo, doll, remember when we played doctor inside your wooden playhouse behind the backyard beyond that set of patio tables at your house. I finally got you to remove your purple tank top with the three rows of white silk bows then my mama found us together. You half naked. Me all male, all naked. Grr,” chuckles. “Man, she whipped my ass with three hickory switches breaking ‘em all over my jeans. I couldn’t sit at the dinner table for two days. She fed me food meals from the breakfast bar...”
“Fucking liar,” she giggles. “Your mama’s never hit your ass with anything that includes a hickory switch. Damn. You didn’t even know what a hickory switch looks like Gerrit.”
“Hickory tree has branches. Branches fall out, get rotten, then its births a hickory switch.”
“So what did your mama do?”
“She turned me over to Daddy…,” giggles Gerrit.
She giggles. “I gotta know. What did your daddy do to punish you?”
“Gave me a single dollar. Told me, next time work my dirty hands faster, not my mouthy words while getting both your shorts and panties off. Then he’ll give me a single ten dollar bill.”
“Geez. You and your family are incorrigible.”
“That’s a fancy word, darling. What do it mean, Jo doll?” He chuckles shifting his elbow, hits her arm.
She cuts her eyelashes to him. Gerrit massages his flat little fellow with his cupped hand. She giggles. “What are your doing, Gerrit?”
“After the first explosion I have to rev the engine for a second round, dear. Don’t take long but some work. So I play with my little fellow,” he strums his little fellow, smiling and humming with delight.
“Playing with myself!?” she gasps watching Gerrit enjoy his personal masturbation and stroking his little fellow up and down with his cupped hand.
He smiles at her. “You play with your flower. I like to watch. It gets me roused quicker. Grr,” she leans into her pillow closing her eyelashes, re-living their first fuck. She feels dirty lust gently touching her pubic hair then twists the soft curly hair around her fingers. Gerrit watches her grunting, grinning, and drooling. He strokes his little fellow grinning and drooling at her. “Go, Jo doll,” smiles.
Jocelyn smiles. “Going in. Feeling good,” excited pleasure of her self-masturbating then increases her finger thrusts into her little flower for more lustful hotness. She doesn’t feel his pointy elbow hitting her arm. She continues to finger fuck her little flower cutting her eyelashes at Gerrit. He smiles at her with his big fellow standing. “Ya stopped playing your little fellow, Gerrit.”
He chuckles. “I’m about to explode onto my legs. Ya make me come fastest only for you, Jo doll,” winks. “I stop rubbing my little fellow then the feeling goes away settling down like a wild tiger for the hunt,” tenderly touches his elongated and engorged penis. “How ya doing, Jo doll?”
“Almost….there,” she pants with heavy breathes between her intense finger thrusts.
Gerrit crawls over her hovering on his palms and toes, smiles into her face. He licks her parted lips then kisses blocking some of her breathing. She gasps. He chuckles. “Breath through your nose, Jo doll so ya don’t faint, honey. I be really disappointed since I plan to fuck you until dawn light, darling,” chuckles.
“You…can…go…that…long,” she pants between the thrusts of pleasure.
He winks and watches her. “I can with you, Jo doll. I like ya, girl, well I love ya. You’re mine, Jo doll. No one else’s but mine,” licks her ear then kisses the lobe, then places his finger into her vagina with her’s.
They finger fuck her little flower creating intense passion, pleasure, and excitement building up into their second orgasm.
“Ah,” she screams in dirty lust.
He licks her ear then kisses the lobe, tenderly. “Grr,” chuckles then licks her sweaty forehead. He kisses her pinky skin as their fingers slide in and out of her vagina.
“Aw,” she screams in pleasure feeling her vagina walls burst lubricating and flooding their fingers. The vagina discharge drips out her little flower. She pants exploding into her second orgasm of lusty pleasure, without any pain. She grins and giggles with delight.
Gerrit chuckles at her belle performance kissing her sweaty forehead then her lips passionately. He releases her mouth tickling her body with his tongue down to her little flower. He bathes her body with his rough tongue making Jocelyn feel clean. He hovers over her face when she opens her eyelashes. Gerrit lifts her shoulders from the pillow. “I want you to slide forward facing my feet then hold onto my ankles with your long arms and ride my little fellow up and down using your vagina, Jo doll.”
She scoots around landing on her hips, giggling. “We call it a flower.”
“Fine, Jo doll. It’s time for me to plant some new seedlings into your rose flower garden. Bend at your knees over my hips,” he touches her foot. “I’ll tickle your feet while you fertilize my tree branch.” She slowly drops her little flower onto his tip descending over his big fellow. His penis shines with glittering man-juice. She sways her hips back and forth for his pleasure, giggling. “Jo…doll…,” rubs his hands over her ass and rear back.
“You like,” she giggles.
“I like,” he groans and grabs her ankles jolting his hips into her little flower.
“Ah!”
He laughs, “Ride, cowgirl! Ride me! Yahoo! Go, cowgirl!” She steadies her hips hovering in the tiny space with Gerrit doing all the hard work. He bucks up and down his hips and his little fellow into her little flower using his butt and legs muscles. He yodels his pleasure when she giggles delight. He says. “Ya get a cute pinky-pink ass. Yahoo! Go, Jo doll.” They buck up and down when she explodes from the tickling inside her little flower. She bleeds hot liquid out her vagina’s lips then down both their inner thighs. He gently tosses her off his little fellow rolling them to the side of the bed. Gerrit slips behind her butt curving nicely into her folded frame then massages his wet sticky little fellow into her back muscles making her giggle. He says. “Jo doll.”
“Gerrit,” she smiles with joy and lust at the tender loving moment. He penetrates his little flower from behind slowly and gently as she closes her eyelashes enjoying a new sensation and tenderness of big bad asshole Gerrit. They move in synchronized flow of motion like long-time lovers. He gently thrusts in then out, repeatedly. He tenderly tickles her breast with his fingers since they fall together on the right sides of their bodies.
“Uoo,” she says feeling sexy and happy. This is the way her life and love is supposed to honor her.
He lifts her leg shifting it over his hip then dives his little fellow deeper into her little flower, “Jo doll….,” says into her eardrum shifting his hand down to her vagina lips. He gently massages and kisses her earlobe. “Jo doll…,” whispers with passion. She feels happy, lusty, dirty, and erotic from his tenderly touches and gently words into her ears. Gerrit rubs her left breast then slowly slides in and out his little fellow making her feel sexy, wanted, and loved.
She re-lives her deep emotions for Gerrit knowing the asshole all her life but this moment feels right for both of them. His long body of six feet, eleven inches nicely wraps around her tallness of six feet, one inch spooning her into his hard chest. She feels his heart beat vibrating into her skin like one creature of pleasure. He gently massages each breast with his tenderness as she giggles with her silly belle lusty lovey-dovey thoughts. His man-strength dazzles her mind lifting her hips with his knee gently thrusting his little fellow deeply into her vagina doing the work of two lovers. She enjoys the tactic contact, the soft touch, and the pleasure thrusts since he tenderly protects her from pain and harm providing joy and pleasure like a trusty spouse.
“Jo, doll…,” sings Gerrit into her eardrum then kisses her earlobe whispering that old pet name.
Jocelyn melts into his love. She never knew sex could be so passionate and tender waiting for the right moment, the right man. Gerrit is 24-years-old graduating from Bam U law school in May along with the other beaus. Cousin-Jerk graduated Bam U Law School in the summertime socializing with these cowboys. The good beaus are paired with good belles. Jocelyn hopes and pray all the belles are enjoying their limited time with their selected beau since it will all end in nine more Friday nights when Miss Deborah returns to Antebellum House.
She closes her eyelashes enjoying the erotic dirty lust when Gerrit grunts signaling his heightened pleasure. He explodes his little fellow into her little flower. She feels his hot toasty sperm warm against her inner flesh then he shivers against her sweaty skin with exalted erotic lustiness.
He grunts and withdraws his little fellow then flips onto his back in total exhaustion and lust. Jocelyn twists and rolls then rubs his sweaty chest with both hands leaning into his swollen penis from their fuck fest. Gerrit says. “Be gently.” She leans over to the tip placing it into her mouth consuming the roof, tongue, and cheeks of her inner mouth with his huge dick as s Gerrit laughs. “Sit up on your knees, lean into my hips. You’re going to need more room. Girls need big wide mouths to suck me, honey,” chuckles. “But them girls are gone now, Jo doll.”
She sits on kneecaps then dips her lips over his little fellow tickling the penis tip with her tongue when he chuckles. She swallows his little fellow deeper into her mouth licking up and down his dick cleaning her vagina juices from his penis. Gerrit chuckles. She quickly cleans his little fellow then lifts her face, smiling. She twists around hovering over his long nakedness. Jocelyn attacks his smile with her luscious lips and sweet tasting tongue thrusting back and forth domination inside his mouth, winning. She stops her tongue tagging then smiles into his face.
Gerrit whispers. “Jo doll.”
She melts into his love with his pet favored laying her sweat over his sweat, giggling and grinning at her first fucking festival. She tingles with dirty lust in my mind, my vagina, and my soul. “Hmm…”
“Jo doll, I’m going to leave.”
She lifts her breasts from his chest, frowning with shock. She shouts. “Leave!?”
His eyes dance with his evil smirks. “I’m going to depart from Antebellum House.”
“Depart!?”
“It’s midnight like Cinder doll, I gots to leave or…”
“Naw! Tomorrow at eight, after the service staff clears and cleans the kitchen. That was the deal without serving our breakfast meal to the beaus that you made with me in August.”
“The deal is good. The limo will return at eight sharp but…”
“But!?”
He kisses her then smiles. “Jo doll, come with me when the limo leaves.”
She gasps. “Me!?”
He chuckles. “We can catnap for two hours then fuck for an hour, then catnap for another couple of hours, then fuck again, making an entire weekend a fucking fun time,” chuckles. “Excuse the pun for the both of us.”
“I am…”
“…responsible for nothing, Jo doll. You’re a big girl college student that can make big girl college decisions, since mama and daddy ain’t here to overrule ya. Come with me please, Jo doll.”
“If I don’t…”
“Then I be right back here on Friday night right on time like a good beau. I told ya before you are mine. No one touches ya, babe and damn shore no one harms ya, darling. You belong to me, now and forever,” she smiles feeling the same way inside her bleeding heart. He has spoken her exact mental thoughts smiling in her heart and soul at lover Gerrit. “We do nothing for the weekend, just fuck and sing into each other ears, Jo doll,” winks at her.
“Yes,” she kisses his lips.
“Get dressed, nothing fancy. We stay at the house for the weekend, swim in pool, call in for Chinese dinners, and delivery pizza. There’s plenty of beer and beverages.”
“Rebel Den has all the beaus housed at their…”
“Rebel House is a real house with tables, chairs, dishes, and beds used by one beau with his belle in private, avoiding the den of wolves. I’d have to black and blue every redneck into total body bloody unconsciousness, if’an one of them growled at ya, Jo doll.”
She frowns. “You…would fight for me.”
He grunts pinching her nipples. “For ya, over ya, under ya, with ya…you belong to me along with my twelve gauge action pump shotgun.”
“And I strangely feel the same emotion about you, Gerrit without a shotgun, dear,” she giggles.
“…called lusty love and hottie passion, Jo doll. Get up! Toss some jeans and T-shirt while I dress,” he rolls in her direction as they fall off the mattress. He catches her nakedness cuddling her into his chest.
Jocelyn giggles then kisses his lips then stomps into her wardrobe closet. She selects new panties for her wet little flower jerking a jean skirt over her wet legs until she can bathe...correction there…they can bath together. She drops a T-shirt over her naked breasts, without the bra. She doesn’t really need clothes but is required to be seen outside public area while semi-covered with her man-whore protector. Jocelyn emerges without anything in her hands since she have heard way too many times through the internet gossip about Rebel House. A girl has everything she needs there including a hair brush, a tooth brush, and a beau’s tongue to keep her clean and sanitize. She giggles with fun amusement.
She steps her naked feet into a pair of flip-flops then into Gerrit’s open arms. He smiles at her. She smiles at him. He inquires. “Ya got everything you need, Jo doll.”
She quickly scans her room seeing a dress on the floor, a mess-up bed, a moved television monitor on the desk, a pack of six empty beer bottles on the night stand, and missing a wrinkled brown bag. It is inside the bathroom. She smiles. “Yes.” She walks out into the hallway when Gerrit gently closes the chamber door behind her.
They pad down the grand staircase like an old married couple towards an awaiting limo stealing the night away as they both giggle and smile.

Eight weeks later. October. Saturday morning. Mary Margaret’s bedroom.
The door knocks.
Mary Margaret ditches the new romance book sliding it onto the settee’s cushion since the settee isn’t used to fuck her beau. She skips her naked feet to the door. She opens the wood smiling at the folks standing taller than her petiteness. Left to right stands Trinity’s Stan, the man as Trinity cuddles Jocelyn for some strange reason. Jocelyn’s Stan, the man stands on Jocelyn’s side.
The belles are not supposed to know anything about their fucking beaus they fuck.
Over the past eight weeks the belles like to gossip about the physical features their sexual conquests and sexy beau-boyfriends in great disgusting detail at the breakfast table. Mary Margaret recognizes each beau without the silly nicknamed by their physical appearance.
She moves from the archway when Trinity’s Stan, the man struts inside wearing his orange ostrich cowboy boots. He fingers at Tucker who is neatly tucked…(excuse the pun)…inside her bed covers. Mary Margaret grins and giggles for her own pleasure.
“What the fuck is this?” Jocelyn’s Stan, the man yells inside the hallway staring at a sleepy Tucker. Tucker wears a soiled pink bed sheet from the multiply wet dreams exploding his sperm over his zombie-like tallness tucked neatly inside Mary Margaret’s bed.
Mary Margaret stands along the wall near the door way, crossing her arms over her pink poodle-dog patterned pajamas, watching with entertainment the same old routine for the past eight weeks, without smiling. She smirks.
Trinity and Jocelyn hover inside the archway huddling and hugging each other like a pair of love birdies. Trinity sneers at tiny Mary Margaret. Mary Margaret doesn’t swiftly react but remains calm like the first Saturday morning from the after-not-fucking party. She fetched Trinity’s Stan, the man to tote Tucker out of her bed, out of her room, and into the limo.
“Every damn Saturday morning Tuck’s out. I be carrying him like a fire man down the stairs on my shoulders for the past eight weeks dumping his ass inside the limo, Gerrit. And’s I could have needed the help. So’s where the hell have you been for the last eight Saturdays,” he views Jocelyn then Tucker. He frowns. “Slap his face awake, Gerrit.”
“I’ll do more than slap his face.” Gerrit stomps to the bed violently scattering the six empty beer cans. He shakes Tucker. “Boy, get your ass out of bed. It’s past eight. Time to go back to Rebel Den. I’m hunger for some breakfast.” Tucker slowly rolls his skull, blinks his eyelids then grunts, flipping his limbs into the air. He views the ceiling then closes his eyelids as Gerrit sighs with frustration.
Mary Margaret stares at Tucker. Trinity stares confusion and fury at Mary Margaret. Trinity’s Stan, the man fingers Tucker. “Every stinking Saturday morning he’s drunk like this, Gerrit.” Mary Margaret smirks recording Jocelyn’s Stan, the man is named Gerrit.
“Call me a second limo then I’ll haul his ass to the limo, Hudson. Get the other beaus back home…,” orders Gerrit. He lifts the bed sheet studying for any external body injuries on Tucker.
“Tuck’s naked under that sheet. The other beaus are gone in the first limo. There’s a second limo waiting for ya’ll. I’m riding with ya so we can talk to Tuck away from the other guys.” Trinity’s Stan, the man named Hudson exhales and stares at Tucker.
“Fine! Gather his gear.” Gerrit pulls the bed sheet then wraps Tucker exposing naked shoulders and chest. Gerrit grunts dragging and lifting Tucker over his shoulders in a fireman’s carry, being the easiest way to distribute heavy weight. “Fuck…,” whispers Gerrit, twists both their bodies towards the archway. Hudson carries the bag provided by Mary Margaret with Tucker’s personal clothes.
Hudson leads down the stairs blocking an accident, in case Gerrit accidentally trips on his big feet down the staircase. He turns Left as Trinity and Jocelyn fall behind like old married women.

Front portico.
Gerrit stomps down the steps with Tucker on his shoulders then uprights Tucker between two biceps. He tucks Tucker with Hudson’s help into the long bench of the limo stretching Tucker across the leather. He stands then swings a sour face and a tall body towards Jocelyn then stomps in front of the limo, where she patiently waits.
Jocelyn folds her arms wearing her pajamas robe as he hugs and kisses her with precious love.  She whispers into his face. “I need to speak with you in private, Gerrit.”
“Not now, I gotta a problem with Tuck that needs attending to this morn. He doesn’t usually get wasted on beer. This is so strange.” Gerrit views the limo door, pondering the medical problem.
“I can ride in the limo…”
Gerrit views Hudson. “That’s not a good idea at the moment.”
“I can run my car over to Rebel Den, then, and meet ya for lunch.”
He views Hudson then her. “Not a good idea, either at the moment, Jo doll. I’m like the pack leader of the wolves when there’s a problem I handle it. I need to handle Tuck. Find out what the fuck’s wrong with him.”
She nods and smiles. “I understand. We’ll meet for lunch and supper. Why don’t we go out on the town into Birmingham for…”
He shakes his balding skull. “Naw, Jo doll! But I do need your help, “views the porch. “Where’s his belle? That cute girl named Mary Margaret?” He looks at her.
She nods and smiles. “Alright! Probably inside her room she’s really shy.”
“I need ya to play police detective and find out Tuck’s routine with her. If he had exhibited any other weird habit or some odd words? Interrogative her good, Jo doll! Since she’s the only one that sees him between six pm to six am.”
“Do you suspect Mary Margaret of something odd?”
“Naw. Just curious like a cat since Tuck might be having an allergic reaction to her flora perfume or some other sweet or bitter potted flowers or other smelly fragrance inside her bedroom. Tuck looks more like he’s stoned on pot. Does she smoke pot? Or can she access the drug?”
“Absoultootly not. I’ll swear on a stack of Bibles that Mary Margaret’s straight-laced with flowing silk down to her ankle bones.”
He nods then kisses her lips. “That’s good to hear. I trust the source. Write her verbal statement on paper too in front of the other belles. Ya see when a person is innocent they repeat the truth over and over again all the time. But when a person is guilty they mess up their same story with little bits of datum that’s missed or added. If’an she’s interviewed along with the other belles then she can bore them to death at breakfast and at lunch.”
“Got it!” Jocelyn nods with the legal understanding and smart order from Gerrit.
“And ask her the same questions at lunch too see if she answers exactly the same way. But do note any incongruence in her story line. Ya know, Jo doll.”
“How and when will you get my report on Mary Margaret?”
He smiles. “This is too important to wait for next week. Since I’m wolf leader then we beaus will come back here for suppertime, tonight. I can read you report, interrogate Mary Margaret for myself since Tuck’ll be awake. I’ll get his story then compare to the little belle and hopefully find some common clues then we can talk.”
“Okay.” Jocelyn hugs him. They release each other. She watches both Hudson and Gerrit enter the limo then it disappears behind the stone gate.
Trinity approaches wearing her robe, frowning. “This isn’t a good timing, Jocelyn. I don’t understand Tucker’s behavior. He comes here sober then doesn’t wake from his stupid drunkenness. I’m a little concerned for Mary Margaret. Actually I’m really relieved that she hasn’t been harmed. I think we should reject Tucker’s invitation for next Friday along with the rest of the Fridays for Mary Margaret’s safety.”
“Gerrit says the opposite from you. He says that Tucker doesn’t get drunk from beer but suspects that Tucker’s being drugged maybe by Mary Margaret.”
“That’s impossible, Jocelyn. Mary Margaret doesn’t harm a housefly. Now if Chloe’s name was mentioned in that same sentence I’d concur with that wild ass conclusion.”
Jocelyn frowns at Trinity. “Gerrit wants me to inquire from Mary Margaret her side of Tucker’s drunkenness story. I believe that to be a reasonable request. She has not contributed at the breakfast table to our discussion.”
Trinity shakes her finger into Jocelyn’s face. “Be careful, honey-bee. You have not contributed on eight Saturday mornings either, Jocelyn. I know, alone. You were with Gerrit for the entire weekend for the past eight weekends having fun fucking him while I’m left in charge of the whining bitches.”
“Emma leaves on Saturday morning…”
“Emma leaves on Saturday morning after being served breakfast to meet her parents for that social thingy.” Trinity says.
“However you leave on Friday night after ya’ll’s fuck fest.” 
Jocelyn giggles. “Guilty as claimed but I don’t awaken to a zombie Beau who’s mostly likely being drugged with something thing by someone.”
Trinity shakes her curls. “That’s a strong accusation, Jocelyn. Mary Margaret has never posed any danger to us or the beaus. I don’t believe that horse crap.”
“Ah! But Mary Margaret’s very intelligent. Her brilliant parents are physicians. She might, just guessing here, could have picked up some innocent but minor illegal doctoring skills which might, just guessing here, could be experimenting on Tucker.”
Trinity nods. “Hmm! She’s a smartie and a smart-ass with that goody angel innocence face. Okay. I agree that she could’ve acquired some illegal doctoring skills from her physician parents. Why?”
“Mary Margaret resisted our cause, our sisterhood from the first. Maybe she’s seeking devilette revenge on us by using it on Tucker.”
“Hmm! That’s a very good point. She could be doing that. Do we ask her that direct guilty question in your private chamber suite?”
“Yes and no. We slowly and brilliantly interrogate her at the breakfast table with the help of the other belles. Hell. They’re more curious then we are.”
Trinity nods. “Hmm! She has avoided all together sharing her fucking fairy tale story of Tucker while the other belles almost exaggerate to the point of me hurling a gallon of puke green vomit. If Chloe starts in with her fifth orgasm of the night before the turn of…”
“Forget Chloe! She bullshits with the best bitches on Planet Earth. We however have two problems to take care of as soon as possible or we all might crash and burn like a rocket space.”
“Agreed.” Trinity nods then sours. “How are you going to explain your belle absenteeism from the Saturday morning Fuck Club?”
“Fuck Club, that’s good.” Jocelyn giggles and nods.
“Bethel’s branding since she likes to lead off the fucking discussion every damn Saturday morning, whilest I try to choke down my cold scramble eggs,” Trinity grins.
Jocelyn winks at Trinity. “I got a brilliant plan just watch me lead the belles with sugared sweet tea, honey-child…,” she veers Trinity towards the windows of the front porch.
Trinity fingers the breezeway. “We eat in the dining room, Jocelyn.”
“I need a pit stop and props for my Oscar winning performance at the breakfast table, sweetheart,” giggles Jocelyn.
They walk towards their bedrooms.

8:31 am. Dining room.
Trinity leads Jocelyn through the archway then turns right towards the breakfast table. Trinity grabs a platter loading with food. Jocelyn gathers food then swings to the table.
Bethel stops and stares at Jocelyn then says. “We were grooving in a fast paced rhythm. I was thumping up and down like a kangaroo. Up. Down. Up. Down. Then I upped so high that my flower missed his stinger,” giggles. “I landed on the right side of the bed in total shock. Stan shot his sperm two feet into the air. It was a beauty sight. We laughed and laughed until we cried then calmed down going for round number three then four…”
Jocelyn swallows her food then scans the table. “Where’s Chloe?”
Trinity sits then digs into her food. Zoey views Jocelyn. “Where ya been hiding, girl best?” She drinks the milk.
Tyleigh swallows her food then says. “Chloe’s always later like a whore-princess or something.”
Zoey frowns at her. “Why ya been missing our Fuck Club, Jocelyn?”
“Tell us your fucking tale, Jocelyn.” Naomi giggles.
Bethel sours. “I didn’t wanna hear her fucking story. But I do wanna hear the fucking reason for missing eight Saturdays in a row. What about it, Jo, doll? Could be something more important going on then attending our weekly breakfast meeting?”
“Bethel!?” Trinity frowns at her.
“Me, too.” Zoey smile at Jocelyn.
“Zoey!?” Trinity frowns at her.
“I heard tell that you leave out from Antebellum House every Saturday morning?” Bethel winks.
“Yes.” Jocelyn smiles then eats.
“I heard tell that your leave out from Antebellum House with your beau, Stan,” Bethel smiles.
“Yes.” Jocelyn says then eats.
“So what? Emma has missed every consecutive seven Saturday mornings, too.” Tyleigh stares at Emma.
“Emma attends a social function with her mama and daddy every Saturday morning after her breakfast with ya’ll.” Emma eats.
“Why are you inquiring?” Jocelyn smiles at Bethel.
“Why are you, not denying?” Bethel smirks at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn smiles. “Yes. I leave every morning in one of the many rented limos then ride into Birmingham,” then eats.
Bethel sours. “Why, Jocelyn?”
Jocelyn smiles at Bethel plowing her hand into the robe. She slowly lifts then tosses the papers. The paper scatters over the wood. She eats. “Our collection is cash. I go to the bank, every Saturday morning to deposit that weekly cash.” Bethel grabs the dollar bills counting the money for verification as Jocelyn says. “I receive cash. I have set up a bank account for the cash in the name of Antebellum House. Since cash is recorded and monitored by the US Federal Government through a government agency known as the IRS.”
Bethel says. “5,250 dollars and no cents. Verified,” stacks the money in vertical rows of twenty, fifty, and hundred dollar bills for all eyeballs.
Jocelyn swallows her food then says. “The IRS Revenue Code 18, section number 1956 states that a single monetary transaction dumped into a financial institution of cash valued at 10,000 dollars or more is a single transaction. The terms monetary transaction and financial institution mean a deposit, a withdrawal, a transfer from an interstate or foreign commerce funds by a monetary instrument…that’s me…to a financial institution is a financial transaction. Thus all the monies are recorded and sent electronically to the IRS for monitoring.”
“Jocelyn’s a smartie.” Trinity nods then eats.
“Jocelyn’s a smartass.” Bethel smiles at the cash.
Jocelyn says. “I’m required to deposit the monies being cash. Since I didn’t steal the cash from a bank or my daddy’s wall safe, next I place the cash into our bank account for Antebellum House. The bank reports the monetary fees to the IRS making me a busy little bee. Buzz. Buzz.” Bethel growls, when Jocelyn eats then swallows. She asks. “How’s the fucking action going with ya’ll, belles?” She pulls the paper notepad and ink pen her robe then sits the two items beside her plate.
“Fantastic.” Tyleigh smiles.
Spring smiles. “Awe…”
“…some,” Autumn giggles then feeds Spring.
“Great.” Naomi grins and watches Jocelyn write.
“Happy.” Zoey smiles, watching Jocelyn write.
“What’da ya doing, Jocelyn,” Bethel stares at the moving ink pen in Jocelyn’s hand.
Emma watches Jocelyn, “Wonderful.”
“Alright,” Mary Margaret attacks the hard shell of a soft boiled egg since the stubborn chicken egg won’t yield its delicious white skin. She notes Jocelyn writing printed words in blue ink inside a pad of paper with little concern. Since Tucker is drugged and dragged from her bed chamber for the past eight Saturday mornings, without any type of explanation or demand. But this eighth morning Gerrit, the wolf leader did not look too happy, when he cut his eyelids to her fuming with his parted lips with both purpose and doubt.
“Alright!?” Jocelyn studies Mary Margaret. “Is that the best performance you get from your beau, Mary Margaret?”
“It’s probably the best sex performance that tiny Mary Margaret gives out. Right, girl best?” Naomi giggles. “I’ll trade ya, darling my cowboy for your bronzed sun-god.”
“What?” Bethel drops her mouth at Naomi.
Naomi winks at Mary Margaret. Or betta yet you just send your bronzed sun-god over when you’re done for next Friday evening then I can test out that alright expression,” giggles with the other belles.
“Naomi’s a true whore.” Zoey giggles then eats.
Jocelyn studies the middle part hair of Mary Margaret fighting with the hard boiled egg. “Alright. So there seems to be a weak performance on someone’s part. Do you care to share any sexual problems with your beau around the table? The other belles could offer some sisterly advice.”
“Fuck you, Jocelyn.” Bethel sneers at Jocelyn. “Why ya being nosy, Jocelyn? What’s your paper game?”
Jocelyn smiles at the paper. “I was asked to provide a few sweet or sour notes about our fuck fest. What’s your personal comment, Bethel?”
“For ya to fuck off, Jocelyn. You ain’t been present for the past eight weeks in the Fuck Club. Then ya come in here today barking orders like a mama dog at me then rip on tiny Mary Margaret’s good southern manners.” Bethel sneers.
“Yeah, Jocelyn,” Zoey frowns then eats.
“I follow the rules like you, Bethel.” Jocelyn writes the vocal remarks from the belles. She writes Mary Margaret’s full name with the word alright in bold blue capital letters for Gerrit’s inspection. “I’m being a good belle providing a simple request,” views Bethel. “What’s your lovely or nasty comment, belle?”
“Fuck off.” Bethel snarls then views her food.
Jocelyn exhales, nodding. “I’ll write that remark down by your name, Bethel. But ya should expect a question or two from...”
“Gerrit. Why’s he the big man around here? He’s not a belle and he’s not a student at Burn U, either.” Bethel frowns.
Jocelyn frowns. “This is a business transaction, belles. They’re the clients and we’re the…”
“Whores! I lost my virginity too. We know that Jocelyn. Ya don’t have to come in here and remind us of our goal saving Antebellum House with money. My mama would be ashamed of me,” Emma eats.
“I don’t understand, Jocelyn. My beau, he’s cute and sweet and nice to me on Friday night. He even wants to see me on Saturday night, Sunday night, and the rest of the nights of the week.” Naomi says then eats.
“My beau asks about more time with me on Saturday night too. Why can’t they come on Saturday night also, Jocelyn?” Zoey nods then eats.
“Because Jo thinks that she’s our belle-lady, but she ain’t.” Bethel sours then eats.
Jocelyn raises her hands dangling the ink pen. “Okay. I’m not the belle-lady over ya’ll. But I have the right connection with the beau-man whose name is Gerrit. Gerrit has inquired to me, being one of ya’ll if there’s any tiny dissatisfaction from us. Ya know are there any issues with you regarding the selected beau. That’s all I’m asking about,” studies Mary Margaret.
Mary Margaret taps on the boiled egg flinging the white shell, without looking at Jocelyn.
“Naw,” Naomi says then drinks.
“No,” Zoey says then eats.
“Not…,” says Spring.
“…us…,” says Autumn.
“No,” Emma says then drinks the milk.
“Naw,” Trinity studies the belles.
Bethel says, “Hmm! Research studies have proven that females are the ones satisfied with their mates. It’s the males that look to roam when not completely fulfilled That makes me ponder if Gerrit’s searching for another filly in the meadows since he ain’t full satisfied with his selected belle,” giggles. 
Mary Margaret giggles then eats the egg. She sees every evening both Jocelyn and Gerrit escape together in a limo from Antebellum House heading to their usual place Rebel House. Bethel is jealous over the young love birds.
Jocelyn stands. “Bull shit!”
Naomi giggles. “Its cowboy shit. Right, Jocelyn? I guess ya can’t really satisfy big boy Gerrit even if you are fucking him two nights per week.”
“Shut it, Naomi,” Jocelyn snarls.
“She’s sensitive,” Zoey giggles then eats.
Naomi giggles then eats. “Insensitive is the aft description of Jocelyn’s feeling. I would like to try…I mean…taste on Gerrit,” winks.
“Fuck you, Naomi.” Jocelyn snarls defending her beau from the other vicious vamps at Antebellum House.
Bethel smiles, “I guess we belles understand the reason for the nasty belle inquisition.”
“Sit down, Jocelyn.” Trinity tugs on Jocelyn. “We have cleared the discussion of belle dissatisfaction from Antebellum House. But I want to share that I’ve been informed with the unpleasant knowledge that one of the beaus is not happy. We’re the whores. We need the money. So let’s hear any negative comments that ya want to share with the class. Hmm, Bethel?”
Bethel snarls. “Fuck you, Trinity and Jocelyn. I’m perfect. My beau’s perfect. We’re perfect together. As a matter of fact I hear those exact words every Friday evening and Saturday morning, so find another tree to piss on, puppy doggie.”
Naomi says. “I hear the very same words as Bethel from my beau.”
“Me…,” Spring says.
“…too…,” says Autumn. They giggle and smile at each other sharing Stan, the man.
Zoey says. “Just tell us the complaint or identify the complainette for St. Peter’s sake, Trinity. Let’s end this mind game, Jocelyn. Or tattle tale who doesn’t enjoy fucking their beau? They be all cute, too boot,” giggles.
“That’s not a word, Zoey. Complainette?” Trinity frowns at Zoey.
“Yeah. It is the female version for a complainer.” Zoey giggles.
“We’re all novices at fucking a guy, Jocelyn.” Tyleigh views her food.
Bethel giggles. “Jeezus. It’s Tyleigh.”
“How many masturbation sessions do ya need, girlfriend?” Naomi giggles.
Zoey smiles at Tyleigh, “It’s easy, Tyleigh. Just open your legs and close your eyes.”
Bethel frowns at Zoey. “That’s your fucking advice for love-making with a beau, Zoey.”
Naomi nods and giggles. “Works for me.”
“Do you have a complaint at me, Trinity?” Emma views her mobile telephone for the text message from her parents meeting in Birmingham. “‘Cause I need to go and meet my parents.”
“Your cell didn’t ding.” Zoey eats.
“I know. My mama sometimes forgets to plug the recharge cord into her cell phone. Geez. She still mentally lives in the 1980s when there were only landlines, not mobile telephones.” Emma giggles. 
Bethel asks. “Where ya going today, Emma?”
“A picnic in the park for children.” Emma thumbs her mobile telephone.
“No. I do not, Emma. You’re excused.” Trinity smiles at Emma.
Emma stands waiting for a return text message from her parents.
“I’m excused, too.” Bethel stands and grins then sits and giggles. “But I’m staying since I wanna hear the hot juicy gossip.”
“You’re sick mentally and socially, Bethel.” Zoey frowns then drinks.
“Thank you.” Bethel eats.
“Fess up, who sucks at fucking?” Zoey scans the belles.
“Not..,” Spring says.
“….me.” Autumn says.
Tyleigh smiles and shakes her curls.
Naomi says. “Me, either.”
Bethel scans the belles. “Nope.” 
“I’m great, go ask my date.” Zoey giggles.
Mary Margaret shakes her curls chewing on the egg.
“Who’s left?” Naomi scans the table chewing.
“Who’s absent?” Bethel scans the belles.
“It’s Chloe.” Zoey says.
Tyleigh eats. “No way, girl best! She’s one of the best whore-belle among us,” nods.
“I question that since she’s not present among us.” Zoey eats.
Bethel grins. “Chloe’s sleeping off both sex and beer. She likes to drink alcohol.”
“How do you know that, Bethel? Because we don’t share that shared information, girl best.” Naomi frowns at Bethel.
Bethel looks at Naomi then her plate of food. “I…we…I ran into her. I ran for some extra bottles of beer for my beau inside the Kitchen.”
Trinity frowns and fingers at Bethel. “You’re the kitchen thief. The staff was questioning me, Bethel about missing food inventory items. I am innocent here. Geez! Next time, you request a larger order before my ass gets burned for a third time. Where’s Chloe since I got some questions for her, too? She’s getting the same lecture from me.”
“Call her on the cell.” Zoey drinks.
“I don’t bring my cell to breakfast, Zoey. Do you?” Naomi eats.
“O!” Zoey frowns.
Emma covers her mouth and stumbles into the dining room. Her face is pale stands between Trinity and Jocelyn, whispering. “O my gawd! O my gawd! Chloe is not moving. S…she is dead.”
Naomi giggles. “Dead to the world! She always enjoys her fuck fest way too much along with her way too much fucking fairy tales. Do you really believe that she can fuck by standing on her head, Zoey?” She nods to her.
Emma shakes her hands and curls. “No! Chloe is not asleep, well she’s permanently asleep. Chloe is dead like a door nail. And there’s red blood like all over her and the bed spread. That’s not her period red blood, either.”
Zoey stands in shock and intrigue staring at Emma. “O my gawd. I wanna see her dead and all the blood. I’ve never seen real human blood…”
Tyleigh giggles. “Chloe’s faking it. She likes to truly entertain us belles every Saturday morn,” then eats.
Jocelyn shakes her curls and writes down all the verbal remarks from the belles. She plans to tattle tail to Gerrit. “Emma, do not tattle then I’ll let your beau beat your ass for fibbing, tonight…”
Bethel stands and studies Emma then views the archway. She frowns at Jocelyn. “Tonight!? Why tonight, Jocelyn? Are the beaus coming back, tonight? We need to get Chloe up and out of her bed before she falls asleep on her beaus,” giggles then leads towards the breezeway.
Zoey stands and giggles padding behind Bethel, smiling. “The beaus are coming back to visit us, tonight. It’s Saturday night, not Friday. Why, Jocelyn?”
“Why, Jocelyn?” Naomi stands and follows Bethel and Zoey.
Jocelyn giggles. “They want to give us more money so we provide more sex…,” pockets the paper and pen then stands. She needs to talk to Chloe.
Spring smiles, “I am….”
“…coming, too…,” Autumn smiles. They stand and follow behind Jocelyn and Trinity.

Chloe’s bedroom.
The belles enter Chloe’s bedroom standing inside the archway. They stare at Chloe, not moving or breathing.
Chloe lies on her back facing the ceiling like sleeping, naked with her eyelashes closed. Her right arm bends at the elbow crook tilting sideways. Her left arm bends at the elbow. Both her legs are bowed at the kneecaps pointing at the side walls. Her feet touches at the heels and soles, like a weird-ass ballerina dancing in death. There is a white piece of paper stabbed into her heart.
“O my gawd!” Naomi screams then backs steps into Zoey then covers her mouth. Zoey hugs Naomi as they both move away from Chloe’s dead body and her bloody bed frame.
Spring frowns. “She’s…”
“…dead.” Autumn frowns. They hug and stare at Chloe.
Emma fingers the bed. “Don’t touch it.”
Bethel stares with watery eyelashes and fluttering butterflies inside her stomach. “Don’t touch her. That’s our belle-friend Chloe.”
Emma fingers the body. “Don’t touch her.”
“There’s a note in her chest.” Tyleigh studies the words.
“Call the police,” Naomi nods and hugs Zoey.
Zoey gasps. “The note appears to be written in…blood.”
“The note is attached to her chest.” Bethel stares at her.
Emma squats even with the bed mattress studying the paper and knife. “The note has been stabbed into her chest attached by a steak knife, probably from the kitchen.”
“Emma murdered Chloe.” Zoey frowns at Emma.
Emma shakes her curls. “Shut up, Zoey.” Bethel stares at Chloe.
“Call the police.” Naomi stares at Chloe.
Spring stares at the note. “Read…”
“…the note.” Autumn stares at Chloe.
Bethel stomps forwards then reads the note. “Whore House, not Antebellum House,” gasps then views Mary Margaret. “Them are Mary Margaret’s exact words.”
“No,” Mary Margaret stares at Chloe.
“Yes.” Bethel stares at Mary Margaret.
“Mary Margaret murdered Chloe.” Zoey stares at Mary Margaret.
“No, belles.” Emma stares at Chloe.
Bethel fingers and frowns at Mary Margaret’s nose profile. “Mary Margaret created those insulting words after Jocelyn proposed to sell our virginity for money saving Antebellum House. Who else would know that phrase but the killer of little Chloe?” Eyeballs turn to Mary Margaret.
Mary Margaret stares at Chloe.
Emma shakes her curls, staring at Chloe. “My daddy’s a criminal lawyer defending good criminals that happened to be in the wrong place. I’m going to be a lawyer, too,” walks then stops behind Mary Margaret peek-a-booing above her petiteness. She lifts Mary Margaret’s hand presenting the finger. Emma touches each one of Mary Margaret’s manicured nails, smiling and saying. “Her hands are too small. Her weight is too light. The killer had strength within the hands violently plummeting a five-inched steak knife directly into a beating heart organ whilest poor Chloe struggled for her life,” when the belles gasp.
“Emma did it.” Zoey grins at Emma.
“Shut up, Zoey.” Bethel snarls and studies Emma.
Zoey fingers her. “Emma knows how Chloe died. She’s confessing to us right here, now inside Chloe’s bedroom in great disgusting death details. She did it. She’s bigger and taller than light weight Mary Margaret, too.”
“And I’m a lot smarter than you, dumb-belle Zoey.” Emma smirks and stands behind Mary Margaret.
Bethel stares at Chloe. “She could’ve been given a batch of illegal drugs by her particular beau then died of a drug overdose. Her beau left for the evening with some of the other beaus, not realizing Chloe had succumbed to a wrongful drug dosage.”
Emma fingers the object. “I disagree. He left leaving her tied with a leather whip. That sex toy must belong to Chloe. I believe that she was definitely murdered in cold-blood since the killer bothered to kindly close her black eyelashes. Ya know ya die with your eyeballs open.”
Bethel stares at Chloe. “I agree that Chloe was murdered. So smart-ass criminal lawyer-to-be who done it?”
“Mary Margaret got her beau to do it.” Zoey stares at Mary Margaret.
“No,” Mary Margaret stares at Chloe.
“Mary Margaret lies.” Zoey stares at Mary Margaret’s nose profile.
Emma frowns at her. “How so, Zoey?”
Zoey smiles at her. “How many positions did you fuck with your beau, Mary Margaret?”
“Two.” Mary Margaret stares at Chloe.
Zoey grins at her. “How many times did he ejaculate into your flower, Mary Margaret?”
“Once,” Mary Margaret stares at Chloe.
Zoey grins at her. “Bullshit! These boys are better than paid professional gigolos. They can bounce and pop three or four times during the night before passing out from love exhaustion, not beer drinking excess, Mary Margaret,” winks at Naomi. “How many times did your beau ejaculate into your flower, Naomi?”
“Three.” Naomi smiles at Mary Margaret.
“Bethel?” Zoey views her.
“Four.” Bethel stares at Mary Margaret.
“Tyleigh?” Zoey views her.
“Three.” Tyleigh stares at Mary Margaret.
Zoey smiles at Mary Margaret. “See ya’ll, Mary Margaret lies. And I bet she and her beau are in this murder wild thing together. Why else would Jocelyn miss her fucking fun sex time weekend with big man Gerrit to both intimidate and interrogate Mary Margaret on a pretty Saturday morning right in front of us Belles at breakfast time?”
Naomi stares at Mary Margaret. “Ask her the real question, why did ya kill poor Chloe, Mary Margaret? I can answer that one for selling off her virginity to save Antebellum House, our home. Mary Margaret was the only belle that fought like a wild cat over that brave decision.”
Emma giggles and stares at Chloe. “Ya’ll read way too many murder mysteries, Zoey.”
“I don’t read murder mystery novels.” Naomi giggles.
“My point, exactly,” Emma smiles at Jocelyn. “What are we going to do, Jocelyn? You’re our belle-lady.”
Jocelyn hugs Trinity standing in the archway.
“Jocelyn’s gay.” Zoey giggles and stares at Jocelyn.
“What?” Emma drops her mouth seeing Jocelyn and Trinity hugging. Jocelyn sobs and cries with tears.
Zoey giggles at Jocelyn. “Jocelyn cuddles into Trinity’s arms. They’re both lesbos.”
Naomi frowns at her. “Grow-up, Zoey! This is the 21st century. A girl or a guy can express their sexy freedom, without any persecution from dumbass belles like you, Zoey.”
Zoey giggles. “You’re a lesbian too, Naomi.”
Naomi giggles at Zoey. “Naw.”
Bethel smiles and nods. “I believe Zoey. Her truth interpretation correctly explains why Gerrit’s seeking a new belle in his Rebel Den since Jocelyn can’t keep the man happy.”
“I’m pregnant.” Jocelyn sours and sob with tears.
Zoey drops her mouth. “O my gawd! What ya doing to do with the baby, Jocelyn?”
“Birth it! The babe comes from our vagina, Zoey.” Trinity sours.
Bethel frowns at Jocelyn. “No, Trinity. Zoey is referring to the decision to abort or develop the fetus which is a female’s option.”
“That makes them lesbian rumors invalid, Zoey.” Naomi winks at Zoey.
Tyleigh smiles at her. “Are you keeping the baby, Jocelyn?”
“Does Gerrit know about baby, Jocelyn?” Emma frowns at her.
“A…,” Spring smiles.
“…baby…,” smiles Autumn.
“You forgot to eat that abortion pill. Didn’t ya Jocelyn? I ate mine, because I do not want a baby.” Tyleigh shakes her curls at Jocelyn.
Bethel frowns and fingers at Chloe. “Hey, belles! What are we going to do about Chloe? She’s dead. Jocelyn’s a second bitch with a smaller problem.”
Jocelyn wipes the tears. “Small problem!? I’m going to have a baby.” Trinity pats on Jocelyn’s collar bone for support and comfort.
“Your, small problem. My, no problem.” Bethel grins at Jocelyn’s misery.
Mary Margaret swings to Trinity and Jocelyn. “We call the police authorities. Let them find out and investigate Chloe’s true murderer.”
Bethel exhales then stares at Chloe. “No. We can’t call the police. They would investigate us then interrogate the beaus, then the beaus would confess about all the cash money coming directly to us. The law enforcement authorities will arrest us belles then arrest the beaus for both prostitution and murder,” the belles nod.
Emma frowns at Bethel. “Not for prostitution, we’re all of legal age over eighteen years old.”
“Not…,” grins Spring at Emma.
“…me..,” grins Autumn at Emma, too.
Emma drops her mouth. “Ya’ll aren’t eighteen years old.”
“Next….,” grins Spring.
“…week…,” grins Autumn.
“Jeezus..,” Zoey frowns at Emma.
“…can’t help us now.” Bethel stares at Chloe. “We’re all in this murder thing together.”
Zoey nods to Jocelyn, “Gawd. Bethel’s right. What are we doing to do, Jocelyn? We can’t call the police and report a cold-blooded murder.”
Emma stares at Chloe. “We find the killer, ourselves.”
Naomi stares at Chloe. “Naw. I don’t want to meet a cold-blooded murderer. He might kill me.”
Bethel frowns at Emma, “How, Emma? We don’t have any leads just a dead body of poor Chloe,” views Chloe.
“And a dead body will start to stink worse then Naomi’s farts, without a proper embalming for a proper burial.” Zoey giggle and stares at Chloe.
“We need to tell her parents.” Naomi exhales and stares at Chloe.
Zoey says. “No. We need to find her killer then get him to confess to the murder.”
Bethel stares at Chloe. “It’s obvious one of the beaus is a cold-blooded killer but which one. It ain’t my beau. I fuck that boy into total exhaustion.”
“Me, too,” Zoey nods.
She views Jocelyn. “Stop the mewing, kittens. Jocelyn, can you compose your expanding baby body for two fucking seconds as our group leader?” Jocelyn nods as Emma says. “Good. We need a pow-wow to share the 411 information about each beau.”
“It’s clear, Emma. Chloe’s beau is the killer.” Zoey views Emma.
Bethel views Jocelyn. “I disagree. Gerrit and a couple of the other beaus steal away at midnight along with queen-whore Jocelyn.”
Naomi giggles. “Girl best, ya been spending all your weekend times bedding Gerrit at Rebel Den.”
“For the past seven weekends, right, Jocelyn?”
“Stop the mewing, kittens.” Emma stares at Chloe.
Zoey giggles, “New kitty-cat phrase, Emma.”
“Your point, Bethel,” Mary Margaret views her.
Bethel smiles at Mary Margaret. “I see very late at night some of the beaus ghost-walking around Antebellum House, without their belles. But I don’t follow or spy.”
Mary Margaret frowns. “Why’s that, Bethel?”
“Who’s that, Bethel?” Trinity studies Bethel.
Spring says, “Stan wants a new bottle of beer.”
“Beer, too…,” smiles Naomi.
“Beer, three…,” grins Zoey.
“Beer for my beau..,” giggles Tyleigh.
Emma exhales. “Okay, belles. We still got us a big dead mystery, since some of the beaus are allowed to leave the flock with permission. That’s means our list of suspects just increased to…everyone.”
“Not Gerrit.” Jocelyn sobs and shakes her curls.
“Who’s in the limo with your and Gerrit, Jocelyn?” Emma frowns at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn says. “Me, Gerrit, and Doss always ride back to Rebel Den in one limo, together. “Doss is Chloe’s Beau.”
“Yay! Doss did it. We found the killer beau named Doss.” Naomi raises her arms, smiling.
Emma narrows her eyelashes at Jocelyn. “We ain’t supposed to ask or know the given names of each Beau. These were your orders, belle-leader.”
Bethel sneers. “Stow it, lawyer-to-be. Jocelyn negotiated the awesome fuck fest. She’s cool! And she had to greet and meet all the beau candidates chosen for the belles,” nods at Jocelyn.
“Yeah. She picked a killer among the beaus.” Zoey sneers at Jocelyn.
“What’da ya think of Doss?” Emma stares at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn exhales and wipes her tears. “A real asshole, that’s why Doss left with us, every midnight.”
“See. Doss did it. He’s the killer beau.” Naomi nods.
Jocelyn exhales. “Not right, Naomi. I meant that the asshole fucked Chloe then met another girl after midnight inside his private den at Rebel House.”
“O!” Naomi frowns.
“So we’re back at square one.” Zoey stares at Chloe.
Mary Margaret scoots around the belles shaking her curls. “Not necessarily.”
Bethel stares at Chloe. “Yeah. We’re at square one questioning everything. When I trotted around Antebellum House with my beau we shared and drunk all the bottles of old beer. I never ever saw Mary Margaret’s cute beau wondering lost in the hallways like a lost puppy. What’s his name, darling?”
“Tuck.” Trinity stares at Mary Margaret.
Mary Margaret smirks. “He doesn’t like to be called Tuck, only Tucker. And I’m smarter than all of ya’ll, belles. I had arranged for additional bottles of beer inside my little fridge, without interpreting our love fest.”
Naomi giggles. “She can’t say the nasty word, fuck. Yell it to the heavens, Mary Margaret. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck…”
“Shut it, Naomi!” Jocelyn sneers then views Mary Margaret. “You didn’t believe that Tucker murdered Chloe.”
“No. He’s always with me until eight in the morning.” Mary Margaret says.
Jocelyn studies her. “I believe you, Mary Margaret. Tucker seems to never want to leave your bed, not even at eight in the morning after passing out from all drinking all the bottles of beer.”
Mary Margaret says, “Yes.”
“How many bottles does the boy inhale?” Tyleigh asks.
Mary Margaret says. “Twelve bottles of beer right before midnight then nighty-night.”
“Twelve in a six hour period of time, he’s lucky to be breathing by midnight. Could it be more like one beer per hour, Mary Margaret?” Zoey frowns.
Mary Margaret shakes her curls. “It’s dark, maybe it looks like Tucker’s consuming two beers. I…I get carried away with our love making…”
“Fucking…,” Zoey laughs at prim Mary Margaret.
Naomi frowns. “He’s an alcoholic, doll,” views Jocelyn. “She needs a new beau, Jocelyn.”
Zoey giggles. “She can have Doss since he’s available.”
“Gawd. You’re mental sick, Zoey.” Tyleigh frowns.
Emma frowns. “Hmm! Depending on a beau’s healthy body size, one beer stays in his biological system for about one hour. The liver breaks down about one beer per hour. After about twelve hours Tucker would still have one or two beers relaxing his brain cells and floating around in his blood stream.” Mary Margaret nods.
Jocelyn narrows her eyelashes at Mary Margaret. “That’s very danger for Tuck, Mary Margaret. You should’ve known best since both your parents are medical physicians.”
Bethel sneers. “Let her be, Jocelyn. Our baby lamb’s holding up her part of the bargain collecting her share of the money to save Antebellum House. It’s Tucker who’s the alcoholic. I bet his daddy’s an alcoholic too. Alcoholism is a disease that runs in a biological family. So we can strike both Tucker and Gerrit off the murder list. Tucker’s too drunk to kill while Gerrit too love sick to care,” giggles.
Trinity snarls. “You’re mean, Bethel.”
Bethel sours. “Yeah! And I ain’t pre-nancy either. What other belle can vouch hundred percent for their beau? We need to narrow the list down to one.”
Mary Margaret clears her throat. “I know the killer beau of poor Chloe.”
“Who?” Emma frowns.
Peyton giggles. “Stan!”
Emma giggles. “No ding-belle! All the beaus are code named Stan, the man to protect the innocent dumb-belles like Peyton from finding out their real IDs. Just in case Peyton gets pre-nancy like our dumb-ass belle-leader, Jocelyn, dear,” laughs with some of the other belles.
“Shut up, Emma!” Trinity sneers.
Mary Margaret paces around the circle. “The mysterious landowner wants to raise the legal contract lease on Antebellum House for more money. We’re working very hard to raise the funds by the deadline of December 31 with two more months to go.”
“She’s right.” Trinity nods.
“How do ya know she’s right, Trinity?” Zoey frowns at Mary Margaret with suspicion.
Mary Margaret smiles. “Whore House, not Antebellum House. The bloody murder note on poor Chloe’s chest stabbed directly into her heart for our eyeballs to see and our neurons to ponder. The mysterious landowner is afraid that we’ll win then he can retake his land property. The land really does belong to the past which is our mamas, the present which is us, and the future which is our unborn daughters.”
“I agree with Mary Margaret’s theory. Tell, tell! Who’s the landowner?” Bethel nods.
Mary Margaret frowns at Jocelyn. “Sorry. I don’t know that answer. Jocelyn, do you know any more details of the financial money request presented by the mysterious landowner?”
Zoey says. “That makes no sense, Mary Margaret. The landowner’s probably old and gray like my grandpa.”
Jocelyn says. “Then it’s the landowner’s grandson. That makes perfect sense. The grandson would be our age about twenty-something which is the age of the all the beaus at Rebel Den.”
“Right, Jocelyn. How do we find out the landowner’s grandson?” Naomi nods.
Emma smiles and nods. “We inquire. I talk all the time to my beau,” pauses. “I mean after our fuck fest. We exchange some passionate words. Our new assignment is to figure out whose granddaddy’s owns the land under the granite foundation of Antebellum House. This belle assignment should be really easy and simple since most of the beaus like drinking and talking.”
“We can record their personal private confession into a cell phone, set it on video taping. Then we find, identify, and convict the murderer of poor Chloe.” Bethel stares at Chloe.
Naomi stares at Chloe. “What about poor Chloe? She can’t live in her bedroom during lunch or supper or next Friday night. She’ll stink up the room, the hallway, the staircase, the garconniere…”
Jocelyn smiles, “Good news. The beaus are coming back to us tonight. Lots of guys wanted to see their gals, so Gerrit agreed that the beaus can come back and play on Saturday, too. So we find out which beau owns the land under our cowgirl boots.”
“Doesn’t Gerrit know that answer, Jocelyn?” Emma views her.
Jocelyn looks at Trinity’s worried face, “Maybe or maybe not, I’ll inquire with him about that. He’s a fair and just man, becoming a future lawyer,” then views the belles. “But ya’ll still ask those two important questions to your beau between their fucking and drinking. I bet someone has the answer that we seek for poor Chloe’s revenge.”
Bethel stares at Chloe. “Okay. That covers the landowner. What about Chloe?”
Mary Margaret stares at Chloe. “We store Chloe in one of the deep freezers down in the old fashioned root cellar, where they keep the all the frozen animal meats. We need to seriously preserve her body, because she…,” exhales. “She’s stiff. Rigor mortis has stiffened all her muscles. It wanted be too long before she smells…”
“She smells, now.” Bethel sniffs the musty room.
“She’ll smell up the room worse when the sun hits these glass windows.” Mary Margaret stares Chloe.
“Shit. Do something Jocelyn?” Zoey frowns at the belle-leader.
Jocelyn nods. “Mary Margaret and Naomi, ya’ll go down to the root cellar move the meat and find us an empty freezer. We lift and tote Chloe down the staircase.”
Zoey frowns at the dead body. “I’m not touching that.”
“We don’t have time for debating, Zoey.” Bethel stares at Chloe.
“I wanna go and clean out the freezer of animal meats.” Zoey nods.
Jocelyn stares at Chloe. “We need every pair of hands and feet. Chloe weights about hundred pounds. That’s a lot of dead…”
Naomi sneers with disgust. “Jocelyn!?”
Jocelyn stares at Chloe. “Sorry. A dead body contains a lot of weight for two or three person to lift and carry from point A to point B. Go on, Mary Margaret and Naomi!”
“I’ll take Mary Margaret’s place.” Zoey back steps into Naomi.
Jocelyn shakes her curls. “We need all the taller and stronger belles to tote Chloe. Mary Margaret is too delicate and tiny for lifting a…,” exhales. “Go on, Mary Margaret and Naomi!” They exit Chloe’s room when Jocelyn advances to the bed. “Now, we have to balance and distribute the weight evenly or it might drop on to the floor.”
“Jocelyn!?” Zoey frowns with disgust.
“Shut up, Zoey.” Bethel sneers then nods. “Listen to Jocelyn, she’s right. I suggest place me at the skull with Tyleigh at the feet. We’re the biggest, boldest, and beautifulness belles at Antebellum House. We can balance the weight vertical. Ya okay with that, Tyleigh?”
“No.” Tyleigh stares at Chloe.
Bethel giggles, “Good. You’re honest. Spring, Autumn, and Emma position your bodies and grab with ten fingers a right shoulder, a right arm, and a right leg. Then Trinity, Jocelyn, Zoey pose and grab a left shoulder, a left arm, and a left leg. Get in positions, belles.”
Zoey cross her arms, not moving. “No.”
Bethel shoves Zoey towards the bed growling, “Now. We fold both the linen sheets and the bedspread over Chloe containing the wet blood inside the cloth, as best we can. Then we all rush back up the stairs cleaning up any splattered blood stains with towels from each one of our bathrooms. Then we dump all clothing including the red blood soiled towels and our sweaty and stinky pajamas plus house slippers into a single grave inside the cemetery on the out skirts near the pink dome. Get it?” She rips the linen sheets from the top of the bed mattress tossing it over a dead face, while the other belles duplicate her movements. The linens and bedspread cover Chloe like a blue shrine. Bethel looks at the blue bedspread then at each belle’s face. “Okay? Let’s do this.”
“No.” Zoey shakes her curls, not touching the dead body.
Bethel touches the dead body. “Position both your hands under It. Now, grab It firmly. Now, lift It on the count of three. One. Two. Three,” they gently lift It into the air waves when Bethel orders. “Thank goodness. It wasn’t between the bed posts,” the belles slowly pad towards the archway.
Trinity grunts. “We should pray over It.”
Tyleigh grunts from the heavy dead weight between her cupped arms walking bed slippers backwards out Chloe’s bedroom. “A wonderful gesture, Trinity. I’ll start. Dear Heavenly Father, thank you for this beautiful day and this beautiful person…”

5:51pm. front portico. partly cloud. cool. 68°F. humid. sunny.
Jocelyn allows the belles to watch for their designated beau inside the rocking chairs on the front porch. The evening is cool. The minds are heated belles ponder inquiring questions and unknown facts of a killing murderer who visits Antebellum House.
All the other belles have disappeared with their beaus except for Trinity and Jocelyn impatiently watching and waiting, when a beautiful white horse emerges and gallops from the stone gate, instead of the black limousine.
The horse gallops to the front porch as Hudson smiles and stands upright inside the western saddle at Trinity. He slides off the horse then glides up the steps into Trinity.
She smiles, giggles and hugs him, “Hudson.”
Hudson kisses her then smiles. “I’m kidnapping ya, babe to the dome. We fly like the wind, tonight.”
Trinity back steps in her summer sandals swaying her wide ruffled skirt against his jeans. She frowns with confusion. “A horse!? The dome!?”
Hudson cuddles her from Jocelyn’s spying eyeballs. Jocelyn waits Gerrit. He says. “The dome is both a decorative symbol and a ritual of Antebellum House with its pink tint glowing beautifully like a cute girl that I know and love,” kisses her lips.
“Ya love me,” Trinity kisses his lips.
Hudson smiles. “Shore darling, the first time my eyes met your pretty face and your pretty ass.”
“Hudson,” blushes Trinity.
Hudson shuffles her towards the horse. “Get up, darling..,” lifts her towards a horse stirrup as Trinity tosses her leg over the saddle. She’s a cowgirl too knowing how to ride and handle a horse. The horse is from the Antebellum Stables, a gently quarter horse mare for fast speeds. Trinity twists her dress in the saddle making room for Hudson. He climbs and poses in front of Trinity as her wraps around his fit waistline with her gown covering the rump of the horse. He smiles. “Hold tight, babe. We fly like the wind to the dome. Getty up, pony!” he kicks the plump belly of the mare as the three ride off into the bright shiny sun towards the west.
Nighttime falls around six-thirty about the time supper will be served to all belles and beaus.
Jocelyn smiles at the romantic photography of Trinity and Hudson as her dress hem lifts from the rump of the galloping horse into the western sunset. Jocelyn views the slow moving limousine crawling through the open gate. The limo halts in front of her.
Gerrit exits from the limo smiling at his girl. Jocelyn run into his opens arms cuddling and giggling into his chest. “Jo doll.”
“Gerrit.”
“Did ya interview that little belle Mary Margaret, Jo doll?” he cuddles and shuffles their bodies towards the west side of the portico. Gerrit wants talk in private about her interview with the other belles.
Jocelyn nods. “Yes. I’ve written down all the remarks from the other belles as well to cover my spying. But Gerrit, I don’t think Mary Margaret did anything wrong. She told us that Tucker drinks twelve cans of beer between the six hours of six pm to midnight. That’s makes two beers per hour, making him drunk and sleepy, not abusive to tiny Mary Margaret. She weights no more than a bumble bee…”
“Jo doll…,” he kisses her hair roots being taller. “That’s nothing for a big guy like Tuck. He and we consume four or more per hour at the Den, just for fucking rowdy fun after our classes to reduce and induce stress…”
“O! Mary Margaret claims that Tuck passes out after consuming all the beer into total unconsciousness.” They round the corner towards the grand staircase. 
“Naw, Jo doll. I seen Tuck drink way more beer per hour, sometimes six or more. He doesn’t pass out but tosses up his nice supper meal prepared by our friendly and highly paid house staff, sometimes over the flooring, his shirt, and his cowboy boots like a true Bama redneck. That’s when I whip his ass for being a messy jerk at Rebel Den. We be men now, not a bunch of silly teen boys in the church’s parking lot after midnight chasing the lonely bat in the bell tower. So that argumentative point is mute. Mary Margaret says that Tuck passes out from the beer after they drink and fuck and then passes out from exhaustion. What are her exact words, Jo doll? Did ya write down her exact words?”
She clears her throat. “Gerrit!? I need to talk to you about another problem here at Antebellum House.”
Gerrit and Jocelyn run up the stairs, since her bedroom is located at the top of the belle garconniere. He wants to solve the mystery behind Tucker’s drugged state before suppertime, so he can enjoy the home-made meal in peace with his girl. He opens the door as Jocelyn moves ahead. She stands before her bed tapping her fingers around the paper. He closes the door swinging to her. He nods. “I talked with Tuck that boy don’t remember nothing after he and she gets naked on top of the bed. That’s very odd, strange and damn right intriguing to my brain cells. What’da you think, Jo doll?” Gerrit smiles and extends his palm, when she hands him the paper collection of belle remarks.
Jocelyn paces her summer sandals back and forth in front of the bed. “Gerrit, I have another matter that needs your immediate attention. Can we discuss that, first?”
Gerrit reads the paper to the end then starts at the top. “That boy doesn’t remember fucking his little belle. I find that very odd and damn right interesting. What’da ya think, Jo doll?” He views her. She paces side to side. Gerrit smiles then swings towards the settee. He lands the paper notepad on the bed then lifts the settee. He swings and shuffles between the bed frame and entertainment center banging it on the floor.
Jocelyn stops pacing, studying the settee. “Gerrit, I need to talk to you about another personal matter.”
Gerrit back pedals from the settee then reviews the paper. “Sit, girl. I need to absorb these police detective notes you brilliantly collected for me on the little belle.”
Jocelyn paces around the settee rubbing her hands. “Gerrit, we…you and me…really need to talk.”
He stops reading then looks at her, smiling and sniggering. He slides the notepad to the wooden shelf then glides Jocelyn to the settee. “You need to sit and rest your feet, darling. Take off your shoes, Jo doll,” she sits. He removes each sandal then tenderly rubs her foot.
She smiles at Gerrit caressing her foot then sours. “Gerrit, I need to tell you something really important.”
 He rubs her other foot, smiling “You’re pregnant. I know the something really important,” kisses her forehead then pulls back, sniggering with happiness.
She drops her mouth. “How do you know that?”
He smiles and caresses her hands. “I’m a guy, Jo doll. I’ve fucked thousands of whores… ok girls,” chuckles. “But that’s done with I promise. One of them bitches liked to fuck on her bleeding time. Some guys like that. I don’t messy, stinky, sticky, icky…”
“You knew about the baby.”
He grins. “We’ve fucked every weekend for the past eight weeks, Jo doll. One weekend would have crossed me with your bleeding time but none did. Zero. Nada. Then the first tattle-tail sign to me was your big breasts getting heavily engorged,” chuckles and pinches her breasts. “That’s the baby’s milk. I wanna suck your tits after you feed the baby. I bet that’s a unique erotic arousal then we can fuck while the baby’s sleep. Yeah?”
She leans forward into his smile, “Gerrit, we…us…you and me…are going to be parents.” Jocelyn feels shock and fear.
Gerrit rubs her hands then kisses her lip smiling. “I’m so happy. I’m going to be a daddy. My parents will be thrilled for the both us. You’re folks, too.”
“Gerrit…we…us…you, me and baby…”
“Yeah, Jo doll! I guess I’ll continue to call ya, Jo doll. I’ll call the baby,” pauses, “…baby doll. How’s that? It’s cute. Right?” He chuckles. “Gawd. I hope we have a little pinky-pink girl just like you. I love you, Jo doll.”
She frowns, “Gerrit, my future college graduation?”
He nods and smiles. “You’ll graduate in May like planned along with me. The baby’s due in…”
“My future plans for working.”
“Naw. I work as a lawyer joining my daddy’s law firm out of school. You be the mama, spending all your time with our precious baby along with my mama and your mama. They’ll be grandmas. Gawd. Let’s call my parents,” smiles and nods.
“No.”
Gerrit nods. “Good point, Jo doll! We’ll surprise them. Tell them in person. We can leave here after I talk to Mary Margaret. Then we need to get you a diamond ring, a big one to show my folks. Since we be getting married this spring before we graduate. How’s that, darling? I love you, Jo doll.”
She looks at her hands, being caressed by Gerrit then his face. “I’m so sorry. I didn’t plan for this to happen.”
He chuckles. “I did. I planned this. Now, ya get to marry me.”
She drops her mouth. “You. Planned. This. How can you plan, this? How can you know that I’d get pregnant?”
He smirks and leans into her face. “You’re a virgin, Jo doll. I pumped ya full of my manly sperm four times on our first night. Hell. That didn’t count weekend fucking ya off and on throughout the lazy days and cool nights. Sperm lasts three day, darling. Think about it, Jo doll. Your flower contained my badass boys for five full days, before they died. Then we just started the fucking process all over again on Friday night. You were bound to get pregnant. It was on the first night. We can tell our kid our passionate love story. So she doesn’t act like a whore and get pregnant, then I’d have to kill the fucking bastard.” Jocelyn sob with tears as Gerrit cuddles her. “What’s wrong, Jo doll.”
“I forget the morning after pill. I caused all of this.”
He says. “Naw. I kidnapped ya from the Antebellum House, so you won’t eat that abortion pill, that night. Remember when I had to leave and I seduced you into coming with me. We fucked in the limo then in the yard, then in the swimming pool…”
“Yeah.”
“Ya forget all about that damn pill. You’re right. Them pills really work good then you won’t be carrying our child. I’m sorry, darling for tricking ya. But I truly love you. I truly want you. Now, I’s truly gots ya, babe,” hugs and kisses her.
She sobs with tears. “Yeah.”
He frowns. “Are ya mad?”
“Yeah.”
“Ah! Not for long ‘cause ya love me, right?”
“Yes.”
“That’s my tough ass girl,” he hugs and strokes her long hair, smiles with happiness with his true love and his true future.
Tucker kicks in Jocelyn’s bedroom door startling Gerrit and Jocelyn into standing from the settee. He drags inside Mary Margaret who struggles to break from his tight gripe. He forcefully pulls her into Jocelyn’s room, holding an object in his other hand. Tucker growls. “Found it! The little bitch drugged me with a needle.”
“What is this?” Gerrit narrows his eyelids on the object.
Jocelyn fingers the object inside Gerrit’s arms. “That…that’s a cross stitch needle.”
Tucker jerks Mary Margaret into his chest, not escaping his revenge. “The needle was housed inside this cache,” tosses the object to Gerrit. Gerrit catches it. Tucker nods. “The cache was sewn on the side of her bed mattress,” snarls at Mary Margaret. “Now, I’m the laughing stock of the beaus, Gerrit.”
“I savaged and saved my virginity for my future husband. I…am…proud I did that. Let go of me, sir.” Mary Margaret struggles between his biceps kicking her sandal into his leather cowboy boot.
Tucker snarls and shakes her side to side, violently. “Bitch, I’m going to fuck your eyeballs out of your skull then bang it against the floor, offering a bleeding for shitting on my nuts…”
Jocelyn tears from Gerrit’s hug then stomps towards Tucker, sneering. “Gerrit, you stop him or I will.”
Gerrit hold then cuddles Jocelyn into his chest for love and protection, whispers. “Stay calm, Jo doll,” sneers at Tucker. “Tuck, sit your ass down on that settee, son. I’m bigger and meaner than you every fucking day of week including Leap Day. And’s you will not ever harm her or any other female whilest round me, ya hear me, boy?” He reaches then jerks Tucker’s arm from Mary Margaret towards the settee with Rebel Den business. Jocelyn hugs Mary Margaret when Tucker stumbles towards the settee. He slows sitting staring at Mary Margaret. Gerrit slams his hand onto Tucker’s collar bone for authority then growls. “Speak!?”
“Yeah,” Tucker stares at boot toes, softly saying.
“Good. I be Wolf-leader. Ya obey me or fight me but either way I win.” He spins to Jocelyn then smiles. “Jo doll, leave us. I’ll straighten out the beau.”
“No. Mary Margaret’s my responsibility.” Jocelyn hugs Mary Margaret.
Gerrit struts then pulls her from the tiny belle, hugging, “Naw. She’s my responsibility along with Tucker and you. I’m working up a healthy appetite. Please go and check on supper for us like a good future spouse,” winks at Mary Margaret. “I’m always eager to hear a good medical yarn, especially successfully implemented. I just want an explanation. That’s all,” tenderly kisses her cheekbone then whispers. “I love you, Jo doll. Go on! I’ll tell ya later what happened.” Jocelyn exhales then nods, pirouettes towards the closed archway. She exits the room. Gerrit chuckles at Tucker who snorts at tiny Mary Margaret. Mary Margaret stands far away from Tucker near Gerrit. Gerrit pulls Mary Margaret into his body leading her to Jocelyn’s bed frame then lifts and parks her ass on top of the bedcover. Gerrit walks to the desk rolling a chair, poses it between them like a triangle. He smiles and slaps his kneecaps. “Now…,” views Tucker then Mary Margaret. Gerrit raises his palm, “…hold up!” He scoots out the chair then exits the room. His boots stomp down the staircase then tromps back up the stairs into the room. Gerrit slams the door shut, chuckling and shaking his balding. He sits in rolling chair controlling the waves of movement with boot heels. He grins at Tucker. “Now, ya tell me! Who in the hell really believes that three fucking she-ghosts haunt the belle’s staircase?”
“Fuck you, Gerrit!” Tucker crouches then stops recalling bad ass Gerrit’s warning, since Gerrit is the leader of the beaus at Rebel Den.
Gerrit laughs, waves his hand, studying Tucker. “Okay! Wrong answer, Tuck! So’s I want ya to count to the number ten beginning with the number one real slow and silence your tiger growling, boy. This ain’t a football game…,” claps looks at Mary Margaret. “Okay. Let’s try this again, little one. How did ya drug Tuck, Mary Margaret? What did ya do to poor Tuck every Friday night when ya’ll were alone inside your bedroom, darling? Where did ya get the sleeping potion from your parents? Since they’re both physicians. And let us thank Almighty God above that ya didn’t kill the boy. ‘Cuz I be pretty shitting mad, girl,” nods at her.

6:39 pm. sunset. Loveless Mountain. pink dome.
Trinity places both hands into a face crying from all the exhaustive, useless, and abusive emotions. Her emotions bombard a mental mind, a body, and a soul as Hudson dresses his naked body. He swings to Trinity, frowning at her crying. “Ya crying. I didn’t think that I was that bad tonight. I guess I could’ve been better. Sorry…”
Trinity views him wiping her tears. “It’s not you. It’s me. Well, it’s not me. It’s Jocelyn. She’s pregnant.”
Hudson latches his belt then drops his mouth at Trinity. “Jocelyn carries Gerrit’s child. Did she tell Gerrit?”
She shakes her curls sitting on the cool flat table top pink dome’s rock. “No. It’s her baby. It’s her choice.”
He sours with a distorted face. “Her choice!?” He shakes his bald mound. “No, ma’am! This is their baby. Gerrit needs to know that he’s going to be a daddy. How far along is she…” 
“Jocelyn might not…”
“….keep the fetus,” he drop a mouth and shakes his bald mound. “Ya mean she might perform a…ya know,” she nods. Hudson sneers. “That has to be the most vicious vile decision in the universe, Trinity. And I plan to do something about it,” stomps then assists her to stand from the flat rock in her puffy gown.
She frowns with puzzlement in his face. “Do what? You can’t. I can’t. Gerrit can’t do anything about the baby. This is Jocelyn’s decision.”
He shakes his bald mound. “No! This is their baby. Don’t ya know who we are?”
“Hudson…,” she smiles.
He back steps, shakes his baldness, parking hands on the belt, “Jeezus! Don’t ya know who I am, Trinity?”
“A boy…,” she giggles.
Hudson frowns with confusion, “Naw, babe. Didn’t ya know why your daddy sent to you Antebellum House?”
She eye rolls then views him, “To make my life miserable.”
He shakes his bald mound bowing his arms, “Trinity, you’re a blood blue princess from a good family…”
“Don’t remind me who can’t get a date…”
“Beg pardon!” he frowns with confusion at her. 
She exhales then smiles at him. “I mean…I’m from a rich family. So what? I can’t have fun da…do things by myself. I always am accompanied by a chaperone Miss Deborah or Miss Somebody Else.”
He frowns with confusion. “What? That’s a bad thing, sweetheart. Our world’s not a very good place at the moment.”
She crosses her arms, “I’m not a child, Hudson.”
He chuckles. “You’re imitating one very well, honey. Yes. You have a chaperone. All the girls at Antebellum House are required to have a chaperone which has existed for decades.”
“Since the year 1814…”
“Do you remember the significance of the year 1814?” he crosses his arms.
“A War between the United States and Great Britain,” she says.
“That war brought foreign male fighting soldiers for a second time upon American soil. Look, your daddy just wants his princess safe and…”
“…and guarded. From what or whom, Hudson? This is peace time. There’s no war not here in Alabama.”
He shakes his bald mound, chuckling at her innocence. “Trinity, you do not get it.”
She frowns with confusion, “Get what Hudson?”
He nods and grins. “The purpose of Antebellum House…”
She nods, moving to him. “It was built in the year 1814 before Alabama became a state. So what?” They hug and kiss.
Hudson whispers and smiles, “My mama attended Antebellum House graduating from Burn U like me.”
She frowns with puzzlement, “Your mama?”
He pulls back, chuckling. “Geez, Trinity! Don’t ya know?”
“Know what?”
He cuddles her, “The real reason Daddy sent his princess here is to meet her prince.”
She smirks. “You?”
He nods. “My mama at your age was like you.”
She pulls from his cuddle frowning with confusion. “What are you talking about, Hudson?”
He smiles, back pedaling from her. “My mama’s a southern belle, too.”
“Just a name…,” she views the approaching sunset of pink, yellow, and red.
He back pedals from her shaking his baldness at her beauty and childish ignorance. “Just a status, Trinity! Lucky for ya’ll gals at Antebellum House that me and us guys saved ya.”
She frowns at him. “Me and us guys saved us gals? What the hell does that mean, Hudson? Saved us belles from what? What was going to happen to us?”
He chuckles, “From them other redneck predators, darling since you’re mine, little pumpkin,” walks then wraps his arms around her, kissing her lips. He pulls back, smiling. “It was clever raising all that money for your charity project initiating the beau-belle introduction cycle.”
She pulls back and back pedals from his warm hug, frowning, “Charity project!?”
He laughs, “Stephan can’t decide which twin he likes better.”
“Who’s Stephan?”
He laughs. “The twin’s beau. Stephan’s thinking of moving to the state of Utah and becoming a Mormon so he can have two wives.”
“Two wives!?”
He hugs her. “Some of the old-fashioned Mormon men have more than one wife.”
“I know what a Mormon is, Hudson. Stephan wants to marry both Spring and Autumn.”
“He can’t pick which one for his wife.”
“What wife? What are you talking about, Hudson?”
Hudson pulls back from her frowning with puzzlement. “We’re from the same house, Trinity. You’re just called Antebellum. We’re called the Rebel Den. But we’re like ya’ll just living off the Burn U campus.”
“We are a sorority.”
He smiles. “You ain’t a sorority, babe. You’re a society of pretty belles and rebel beaus. My mama met my daddy right here on this pink rock, just like us,” stomps the rock, chuckling.
“Just like us, what for?”
“Girl? What in tarnation for what? Marriage, precious future mates, future children, and future old age, togetherness, just me and you, foreverly,” he smiles and hugs her.
“But?”
He pulls back and frowns with confusion. “But what Trinity?”
“But Jocelyn set up this deal with ya’ll beaus.”
He frowns with confusion. “What deal? O! The charity ball, we all paid the thousand dollars. That’s brilliantly clever.”
“You paid thousand dollars for me?”
“I’d paid more, if Jocelyn asked me…”
She pulls back, frowning with confusion. “More, what for?”
“Jocelyn says that ya’ll are raising money for shoes of school kids in the foreign country of Panama, so the little kids can go to school.”
“And ya believed her?”
“Hell, yeah. Why not, Trinity?”
“What else did Jocelyn ask of ya’ll beaus?”
He looks at boot toes then her pretty face, “Pretty simple, we donor money then pick out a belle that we liked.”
She gasps. “What? Look? Start from the very beginning, Hudson. How do you know Jocelyn?”
“I know her, her daddy, your daddy…”
“My daddy? Ya know my daddy…”
“Trinity, I know your daddy since my family does business with your daddy’s company. I also know all the belles’ family tree, mostly through economic commerce in Bama.”
She raises her palms. “Wait! Wait! Wait! Ya know my daddy but I do not know you, Hudson.”
“Right!”
She shakes her curls. “Wrong! Wrong. Wrong. Why have we never socialized at all these numerous charity events, Hudson?”
He grins. “First off, you’re too young. Second off, I’m older than you, girl. I’m 24 years old graduating law school next May.”
She shakes her curls and hands. “Wait! Wait! Wait! I don’t understand, Hudson.”
He frowns. “Ya keep repeating that phase.”
“You know Jocelyn, her parents, my parents but not me. Is a scam of some type?”
He back steps from her in shock and surprise. “A scam?”
She narrows her eyelashes at him. “Or maybe it’s a scheme?”
He drops his mouth. “What scheme?”
“Tell. Tell. How you met Jocelyn and when?”
He looks at boot toes then the sinking sun then her. “We had a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon in August…”
“In August, our first day of college school…”
He nods. “That’s correct! We were informed about Miss Deborah’s parents being very ill. She had to leave Antebellum House for a spell until Thanksgiving holiday then returning to ya’ll for the rest of the school year.”
“And?”
“And’s we ended the meeting. Our parents went home.”
“My parents and the other belles’ parents were with all ya’ll beaus at Rebel Den. You met my biological parents, Hudson.”
“Jocelyn explained the upcoming charity ball which would cost thousand dollars per beau with a visit to a belle on Friday night. Ya know all of this was approved by your folks.”
“And what happened on Friday night, the first Friday night?”
He winks and chuckles. “Didn’t ya remember, muffin? Maybe I can remind ya again before we ride back to the house for suppertime and before sunset breaks for a quick…,”
She back steps from his open arms, “Honest, Hudson. I want to know the logistics of the first Friday night of the charity ball.”
He exhales and views the pink stone then her pinky stone expression. “Each beau drove their personal vehicle and arrived at the closed gate. Shit. We each had to pay a thousand dollar fee before the asshole opened the limo door. I paid then rode in the rear of the limo to the Dogtrot Hallway, alone. Then I stood in the ball room’s archway selecting you, doll,” stomps towards her with open arms, chuckling.
She back steps away from him, crossing her arms, frowns with puzzlement. “Why me? I don’t understand, Hudson.”
He sours. “Ya keep repeating that phrase, honey. Jocelyn brought and presented paper dossiers of each belle to Rebel Den on that hot August afternoon at lunchtime. We were served fried chicken…”
She gasps, “My gawd! Ya had a folder on each one of us.”
He nods, “The colored folder contained recent pictures, stats of height, weight, and other vital important belle stuff. I read your American History Paper on Susan B. Anthony. It was very good. I see why ya received the first place award in the Jefferson County Social Studies Fair.”
She stomps her sandal, yelling at the pretty sunset, “Jeezus. My paper!?” she views him. “That was last fall at my old High School.”
He nods, “Yeah.”
“I don’t understand, Hudson.”
He sours. “Ya keep repeating that same phrase, baby.”
“I’m missing the big pic, here.”
He stomps towards her, smiling. “The big pic is that you’re mine,” kisses her lips. “I selected you from all the dossiers. I admit that it was a fun way to find a mate.”
She back pedals from his hug. “A mate? I’m not your mate.”
“You are.” He nods.
She back pedals from him, “Are not? Ugh, Hudson. Do you what to here my story of Jocelyn’s demon tale?”
He assists her to sit on the pink stone, cuddling her into a lap, whispers and smiles. “Shore, darling as long as you hug my neck, talk softly, flirt heavily…”
She cuddles into laps, frowning with puzzlement. “Jocelyn priced each belle based on our…ya know…physical attributes. I was priced at $200 but you just told me that you paid one thousand dollars to fuck me.”
“Yes, sir. All the beaus paid one thousand bucks to fuck their duckie southern belle,” chuckles. “I riddled. Ya like it…”
“That’s 1,000 times 12 belles is…”
He laughs. “Stephan paid 2,000 dollars for the twins since he was totally befuddled with their twin southern ways.”
“So that is 13,000 dollars per Friday night for the beauty belles.”
“Lots of shoes for the poor kids in Panama.”
“This is the beginning of the month of October…”
“The seventh of October, what a night to remember. We have to come out here to recall our togetherness under the sun light, next year.”
“Yeah. We have accumulated for the past eight Friday evenings times 13,000 dollars which totals $104,000.”
“Lots of shoes. I need to get back to my den, sweetie.”
“When do you stop paying for me?”
“I didn’t. I don’t quit paying for a charity. We be rich, sweetheart. Please stand. It’s time for supper. I’m hungry then our bedtime ritual,” he stands then assists her. He hugs her, “We toss money out the door for all good causes just like God says.”
“But?”
“But what, babe?”
“You paid Jocelyn to fuck me.”
“Naw, girl! I wrote a check to Antebellum House for thousand dollars, gave it to your gate keeper, who ever that son of bitch inside the limo.”
“You just admitted that you paid one thousand per Jocelyn’s order to sleep with me every Friday night since August.”
He back steps from her dress raising his palms, “Whoa, honey! Ya think that I’d pay money to someone to fuck a girl. I can have any female I want in Bama.”
“We don’t all live in Alabama, Hudson.”
‘Of course, ya’ll do, sugar. Only Bama belles are housed at Antebellum House and raised to be good girls, only for beaus from Rebel Den.”
She gasps. “What?”
He eye rolls then views her, “Jeezus, Trinity. Ya think,” exhales. “I can’t believe this. You actually think that I paid to fuck you for sex. That’s against the law, Trinity. I should know since I’m going to be a lawyer. Shit, sweetie. That’d make ya a whore.”
“I…”
He exhales. “That’s why you were crying. You think now that you’re a whore because we fucked. I selected you. You selected me. We selected and sexed each other…”
“I…”
He stomps and cuddles her. “Fuck that bitch, Jocelyn. She lied to ya’ll, darling.”
She sobs, “I’m so sorry. I didn’t simply understand. I was wrong, all wrong.”
“Now, ya tell me what Jocelyn tattled to you, before I beat her ass black and blue.”
“Gerrit?”
He chuckles. “Gerrit will beat her ass black and blue for honestly lying. That’s the first command of a southern rouge.”
“Miss Deborah told us that we were moving…well…making it sound like we had to leave, permanently from Antebellum House. So Jocelyn hatched and scratched a plot to raise monies to keep our house on the Burn U campus. She priced each belle with a service charge. I’m 200. She’s 300. The twins are 500 dollars.”
He hugs her. “Jeezus. What else, dove?”
“We practiced…, pauses, “…our beauty skills and each received an abortion pill to eat on Saturday morning for ya know. Then on Friday night you paid the set monies to Jocelyn at the breezeway after arriving inside the limo from the gate house. Then the belles all sat inside a solo loveseat when a beau appeared in the doorway. You picked me then we fucked that night.”
He cuddles her. “Jeezus. What else, muffin?”
“The money of 63,000 dollars would be all collected representing 5,250 dollars per belle for fuck work from a total of ten Friday nights.”
He frowns. “63,000 dollars, where did that figure come from, honey?”
“Jocelyn says that the money amount is 63,000 paying to keep from tearing down our historical Antebellum House.”
He pulls back, frowning with confusion. “What the fuck…”
She nods. “The landowner and the Birmingham University are negotiating for the land but haven’t reached an agreement until December 31st, before we lose Antebellum House.”
He smiles. “The payment is 630,000 dollars. Someone missed a zero, not 63,000 dollars, doll.”
She gasps. “What?”
He smiles. “The landowner’s great-great-great granddaddy purchased thousands upon thousands of wild wood acres before the Civil War of the North and the South. Then he donated a plot of land to the Birmingham University the university built Antebellum House for his daughter…his virgin daughter….to attend college, live by the southern belle rules, marry a southern gentleman not a redneck rouge, and raise a proper family with a newborn, and such-like, sweetheart,” kisses her forehead.
She sours at the pink rock. “I did not hear live happily after ever.”
“Ya don’t believe me.”
“I don’t understand, Hudson.”
He sours. “Ya keep repeating them words, darling.”
She sours. “My daddy didn’t tell me any of this stuff. Why didn’t he tell me, Hudson?”
“Why would he? He trusts you to obey him to act like a southern belle, not a…,” pauses. “Jeezus, Trinity. Do I have to keep the storytelling to ya the same fairy tale over and over again like a toddler?” He chuckles. “Are ya a cute but dumb-belle? Man, I hope our son takes after me.”
Trinity rolls from his lap, yelling. “Hell, no! I just learned the truth.”
He stands and studies her. “Hell, yeah! I learned the scam.”
She views her dress then the rock, then the sunset, and then at him. “I’m so sorry, Hudson. There’s more to the truth.”
“More!? I can’t image.”
“Chloe’s dead.”
He drops his mouth. “Ya…you are shitting me.”
“We found her dead in her bed this morning when she didn’t show up for breakfast.”
He gasps. “Today, this fucking morning, ya didn’t report her death that to the local law authorities,” views the sunset. “It’s evening, now. Are you gawddamn crazy, Trinity?”
She parks her fists on the dress staring at him, “We, all the Belles are trying to find out the murdering killer, first. We, all are hundred percent certain and positive that the landowner has murdered poor Chloe inside her bed last night in cold-blood.”
Hudson slaps his chest. “I’m the landowner.”
She gasps back pedaling from him. “What?”
“My great-great-granddaddy owned all this land like in my fictional historical storytelling.”
She drops her mouth, jabbing her finger at him. “You murdered Chloe.”
He eye rolls then exhales. He views the pink stone, then the dull sunset, and then her. He stomps towards her. “Jeezus fucking Christ. Think, Trinity. I’ve been fucking you every single Friday evening. Then I go home just like the other beaus from Antebellum House. We all go back to our Den. We…you and me…have been together every single second of the night. Why would I murder that bitch? She gots a foul mouth for a little cunt, but harmless like a house fly,” exhales and shakes his baldness.
She back steps from his, fingering the rock. “A beau murdered Chloe leaving her stone cold dead inside her messed up bed right after they fucked.”
He slaps his chest, “And you immediately thought of me. I’m the first suspect…”
“Nonsense. You’re the mysterious landowner. You just admitted the truth of your hidden mystery person. I didn’t know like other valuable datum that you and the other beaus know. We, belles have theorized that the landowner killed Chloe. We found a bloody note stabbed into a right breast in the center of her heart. The note read: Whore House, not Antebellum House.”
He back steps from her, shaking his baldness, “Gawddamn. If’an that ain’t a fucking-ass true statement describing a new batch of bitches at Antebellum House,” laughs and walks forward along the edge of the flat cliff away from Trinity. He nears the rough staircase built by Mother Nature getting down off the top of the dome.
She screams watching him walk along the edge of the dome, “Don’t you dare talk to me like that, Hudson!”
He laughs and walks away from her. “Gawddamn, you really are a whore, girl.”
She stands tall, “I’m a belle.”
He stops then twists to her smug face, “Ya think that I fucked ya for money. Now, ya think that I murdered for fun,” he fingers the rock then the sky and then her. “Ya think this, sweet-tart I’m out of here.”
Trinity gasps then glides towards his tallness. “Hudson!?”
He gallops towards the rough staircase leading off the dome onto the grass. He tosses his hands with his ass facing her pretty face. “I am so very happy that I have learned of your belle’s true inners and your bitch’s false intentions,” walks towards the edge of the dome, “Fucking whore…”
Trinity watches his ass walk near the rough staircase of the dome. She sobs extending her arms. “Hudson, please I’m so sorry,” jerks the hemline to her kneecaps. “Hudson!?” she gallops across the dome stone after him. “Hudson…,” watches his bald skull disappear below the red dome rock. She dashes after him scouting the curve of the dome then trots down on hard rock with each jolt of panic, not seeing Hudson. She lands on the next to last step on a stiletto tap, instead of a heel losing her body balance to the left. Trinity drops forwards with the plantation dress and layers of crinolines protecting her body, hears rips of the dress at her wrist line. She feels the soft grass and the cut of the nasty rose thorn on her cheekbone announcing the entrance of the rough staircase.
Trinity gently falls upon the moisture dew of the grass in the cool evening of October sobbing for her mama then sniffs snot and blood back up into nostrils. She coughs from the itchy combination, twisting her body to stand, leans against the pink stone for support. She wipes the blood and mucus from her hands onto the torn and stained gown.
She searches the low pocket of lighted grass, the dark wild flowers, the tall shadowy tress, and short dark fruit bushes for Hudson, seeing the grazing horse. “Where did he go?”
Trinity walks towards the horse brushing sweat and loose hair from her injured face. She leans into the mare’s neck feeling regret with her words and actions towards Hudson. She loves him desiring to his wife and mother of his child.
She exhales climbing into the saddle, nodding. She slaps the reins to the mare’s rump sailing towards Antebellum House. Trinity smiles and readies for her next encounter with Hudson at suppertime.

7:01 pm. Antebellum House. cottage. 65°F. night. no moon. partly cloudy.
The unfamiliar male drags Trinity towards one of the cottages behind Antebellum House. She recalled on the first day of orientation session the cottages were forbidden to visit for some dang reason. She encountered the tall male at the horse stables trotting the mare back into her stall for supper.
The male wears an expensive gray-colored business jacket with a red bowtie, average height, brown hair, clean shaven as she memories his features for her upcoming report to the local police authorities of Leed, Alabama.
The male opens the metal door then shoves her into the small room, 50-feet across by 50-feet wide by 10-feet in height. Trinity sees all the beaus and belles of Antebellum House and Rebel Den dressed in their sporting jackets and antebellum skirts with Hudson.
Hudson stomps then catches her, cuddling into his chest. He back steps away from the unfamiliar male back into the belles and beaus lining the rear wall.
A second unfamiliar male: short, gray-colored business suit, red bowtie, blonde hair, dark skin, brown eyes, slender. He guards the metal door, scanning the teens. “Please do not move.” He stands in the middle of the row of non-smiling males and females: gray-colored business jackets and trousers, hand guns.
Stephan cuddles Spring and Autumn into his chest, snarling. “We ain’t armed, bubba.”
The short male says. “I do not care.”
Trinity whispers, “What’s going on here, Hudson?”
He whispers. “Don’t know, Trinity. You’re safe with me, honey just do what they want. I jogged back to Antebellum House into the dining room and there they were holding the beaus and belles hostage with hand guns and rifles. I think this is a kidnapping,” chuckles. “And the bastards picked the right kids to kidnap since our parents are billionaires,” kisses her cheekbone. “Don’t worry! Our parents will give all their billionaires for us bratty kids. Just do what they want and you’ll be safe darling,” cuddles her closer into his chest.
Trinity whispers. “I’m sorry, Hudson.”
Hudson smiles. “I’m sorry for yelling. I love ya, Trinity.”
Trinity smiles. “I love you, Hudson.”
The short male says with calmness. “I am conducting a business transaction that is incomplete with your parents. I would like for you to meet my business associates…,” extends his arms to the gray business suits with guns.
Gerrit cuddles Jocelyn then stomps from crowd, snarling. “Business assholes with their asshole guns.”
The short male says with calmness. “There are six business associates holding and aiming twin hand pistols at your heart. Let us conduct and finish our business transaction, since I have other appointments to keep.”
Gerrit sneers then fingers the teen. “We all at Rebel Den had suspected ya, man. Your spy named Doss performing something of evil but we didn’t guess cold-blooded murder and the murderer of the little belle named Chloe.”
Stephan growls. “Who are you, asshole?”
The short male says with calmness, “I am Brone.”
Hudson shifts side to side viewing the floor then Brone. “I know that name, very unique. Brone started the proxy fight for the land with my daddy and the university. Gawd. This is all about the land. Well, hell! Take the fucking land. I can speak for my daddy. I personally ride with ya to the courthouse waiting for my daddy to sign over the deed and end this terrible mess,” nods and cuddles Trinity for love and protection.
Brone does not move, saying with calmness. “You are incorrect. This is not about the land.”
Hudson says. “What is this about, sir?”
Brone says with calmness. “I am not a southern gentleman, being unhappy to report. This matter involves all of you including your parents.”
Bethel stumbles backwards from her beau tripping over the rolled carpet. She swings then views the familiar blue wet bedcover. She gasps then squats flipping the fabric. “Poor Chloe is here with us inside the cottage,” views Brone. “You’re a stupid cunt. Her parents are not going to pay for a dead belle, asshole.”
Peyton swings to the familiar yellow bedcover then squats. She lifts the fabric then gasps. “Mama!? Mama, this is my mama, “touches the blue face, sobs with tears. “This is my mama. My mama’s dead, ya’ll. This is my mama and she’s dead, ya’ll…”
Gerrit gasps. “Dead?” he swings then squats at the black bedspread behind boots. He lifts the fabric then sours. “Daddy,” touches the blue face. “Daddy, can you hear me. It’s Gerrit, your boy,” views Jocelyn. “My daddy’s dead, too,” sneers at Brone. “Ya fucking son of a bitch…,” stands when all guns aim at Gerrit keeping him in place. 
Brone says with calmness. “I am that and more. However I am willing to settle this matter with,” pauses. “How do you say it here in Alabama? With ya’ll, being the children of the deceased parents here inside this tiny cottage on estate grounds of Antebellum House.”
The beaus and belles flip the fabric from the rolled bedcovers discovering their biological parents has been murdered and wrapped into the bed linens lining the rear of the wall. They sob and cry into each other arms.
Hudson stands and views the blue-faces of his dead parents. “Hell, naw,” snarls at Brone. “I’ll settle for your skull driven through a steel pike in my daddy’s corn field pestering the crows night and day, asshole for murdering my parents in cold blood. You’re dead, ya son of a bitch.” Some of the hand guns aim at Hudson keeping him in place.
Brone says in calmness with his arms at his side. “I am very glad that we have reached a verbal agreement of death. Thank you very much, ya’ll,” crosses his arms. The row of gray suits and double hand guns fire bullets into the chest cavities, the heart organs, the craniums of every beau and belle insuring an instant death of the child like the deceased biological parents.
Hudson surrounds Trinity protecting her from the firing bullets as red fire slices into his sporting jacket decorating the fabric strands with red blood. He falls to the side, dead. He exposes Trinity’s face and breasts, when the bullets ripple and rip through her rib cage, heart, and then her right shoulder. Her crying face falls on top of Hudson, dead.
Gerrit dumps Jocelyn behind his back protecting her and his un-born babe with his giant tallness as fierce streams of heated ammo shreds his chest, heart, and face. He falls forward, dead. The bullets eat away at Jocelyn’s chest cavity, heart and then her face. She falls against the rolls of colorful bedcovers on her back, dead.
Each beau covers his belle for love and protection as the hot heated bullet chew and chomp away the pink tissue from the white bone then the red blood spills over plantation skirts, t-shirts, blue jeans, boots, breasts, faces, hands, and biceps. The bullets stop when the magazine empties then silence.
Brone blinks his eyelids. He watches and waits for any slow sign of life from a young beau or beau as silence lingers. He says with calmness. “Check for life then extinguish it!”
“Yes sir,” the female stomps on designer heels to the first victim on her left checking the body for life signs.
Brone guards the metal door, saying with calmness. “Bury all the bodies in the old gravesite on the south slope of the mountain.”
The tall male stands on the left of Brone, not checking for live bodies. He sneers over Brone’s hair roots. “Some one might accidently poke around, Brone. Let me chain them to the bank of the Tennessee River the school catfish can eat them,” spit on the floor. “The nasty catfish is a redneck delicacy, here. The damn catfish is a scum-eating scavenger of the fresh river water tasting like cow shit.”
“Ah! Salt-water shrimp is the scum-eating scavenger of the ocean waters but people thoroughly enjoy the delicate white juicy meat. The gravesite is really a graveyard for dead animals such as horses for riding, cows for eating, and cats for Halloween treats. No one will venture to the cemetery lot since it looks like a scary Hollywood theatre prop set. The hired staff, my hired staff was told to dump all the dead animal caucus down upon the ground then toss heavy shovels of red clay dirt over the poor animal letting the maggots eat away the flesh and bone.”
The tall male sneers. “This USA country is despicable treating God’s creatures like shit. I will thoroughly enjoy plowing their sorry Alabama asses on the ground then covering their sweet faces with dirt while thousands of maggot fest for the rest of the year. How certain are you that the law authorities will not investigate our little swimming blood pool party here at Antebellum House,” scans the walls covered in red blood shining against the beige-paint from the vicious shooting gallery of rednecks.
“Each billionaire family, here within this cottage, which possesses billions of US dollars with billions of free time minutes, is enjoying a lavish hot vacation spot around the world. One in Switzerland, skiing. One in Italy, gambling. One in Spain, sailing. And twenty fun trips around the world. Ah! A dangerous adventure becomes a dangerous ending for a few privileged billionaires in Alabama, USA. They should have stuck closer to home with their safe farm chores.”
“This shed?” The tall male scans the ceiling.
Brone views the scattered body parts around the room. “This is termed appropriately, a cottage empty of any expensive art pieces but simply decorated in Alabama style with common fixtures of a single table, two chairs, some pretty window treatments, a few reading books, and a set of eight place setting for eating dishes for food. This is a living resident for one of many service staffers on paid vacation by me. The air is heated in August. The woodlands are dry. A fire is most common in the middle of a woodland dry and brown forest, without proper water facilities. Burn it down to the ground!”
The tall male stares at Brone’s hair roots. “I don’t understand you, Brone. You did this to capture an ancient historical building surrounded by miles of cotton bales for the land value.”
Brone stares at the workers cleaning up the bodies. “You do not understand me. You will not ever understand me. The land is owned by Antebellum House along with the surrounding crop land and the pink quartz from the mountain dome. The entire real estate property is supervised by a group of investors, if you will. They send their children here to earn and learn about their fated destiny on Planet Earth.”
The tall male says. “I don’t understand you, Brone. You did this for the other dead people’s wealth, billions of more billion dollars. You’re a billionaire, too. I recognize that you’re the attorney of the Last Will and Testimony for each billionaire’s family.”
Brone watches the clean-up work. “You do not understand me. You will not ever understand me. The personal wealth regarding any inheritance goes directly into Antebellum House every single penny, dime, and nickel, not me.”
The tall male frowns. “I’m still not clear with your logic, Brone. Antebellum House will close, once the real paid house staffers return from their posh vacations finding out the students are not coming back to complete their academic studies.”
Brone says. “You do not understand me. You will not ever understand me. This action gets their undivided attention.”
The tall male frowns. “Attention for what, Brone?”
Brone says with calmness. “You do not understand me. You will not ever understand me. Please make certain that Doss is covered with the moist red clay dirt, first.”
The tall Male says “Yes sir!” He advances to Doss slamming his hand on the young man’s shoulder.
Doss swings and smiles at the male.


The next e-novel of the Starlit Sequence is Missed Starlit.
