
Old Folks at Home:
Warehouse Them Or Leave Them On The Ice Floe
By
Barry Friedman




Old Folks at Home:
Warehouse Them Or Leave Them On The Ice Floe
Copyright © 2011 by Barry Friedman
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews,



Also by Barry Friedman

Novels
Dead End
Assignment: Bosnia
Prescription for Death
The Shroud
Sleeper
Hyde
Max
Fracture

Non-Fiction
The Short Life of a Valiant Ship
That’s Life: It’s Sexually Transmitted and Terminal



Acknowledgement
I am indebted to Carol Bargar who suggested a vital portion of the plot. In addition, her critical review of the novel was of enormous help. Then again, she is indebted to me since I paid her education tuition. What kind of father would I be if I didn’t?



Dedication
I dedicate this novel to the talented, eccentric, neurotic and loveable people with whom I live.
Also, to the woman who has endured me for so many years, my first (and only) wife, Sue



Asiak walks across the sea ice to drown herself in the open water. At the edge, a piece of ice breaks free under her weight and she floats along on this small ice floe briefly before drowning herself. It's possible that a conflation of these two episodes led to the popular idea of old people being set adrift on ice floes.
—Top of the World (1950) by Hans Ruesch.

None of this is especially comforting when your kids start making noise about putting you in the Shady Rest and how much better it would be than an ice floe. I can only suggest pointing out the economic realities: Even the Eskimos didn't do away with elders who were still providing free room and board.
—The Staff of The Straight Dope Science Advisory Board



One
“This is an old folks home?” I said.
Harriet shook her head and clucked. She has been shaking her head and clucking at me for the fifty-eight years of our marriage. “Retirement home, Henry.” 
She gazed up at the 20-story high rise while I drove the car through a circular drive to the porte co-chere where a young man in a blue-shirted uniform hurried from the podium where he’d been standing, and opened the passenger side door. The pin on his shirt read “Phillip, Valet.”
I’m always wary of parking valets. They gun your car, the tires screeching as they careen off to the place where they back it in at 75 miles-an-hour, missing a back wall by a millimeter.
Another valet emerged, opened the door on my side and handed me a ticket. Big smile. “Welcome to Restful Bowers. When you’re ready to leave, call down and we’ll have your car ready.”
 We were here to look over the place Harriet had found in a full page newspaper ad. The enticing spread showed a group of handsome, grinning silver-haired men and women, obviously models, sitting on deck chairs sipping drinks. “A place to spend your golden years in luxury and dignity!” Translation: Buy in and we’ll house you, feed you, and change your Depend® diapers until they box you.
Golden years. Ha! 
I was eighty-one and Harriet was seventy-seven. Our “golden years” were a tarnished green. In the past ten years, several of my organs been surgically removed for a variety of reasons, and it now took me fifteen minutes to get out of bed each morning with some guy driving a harpoon into my lower back. I could read War and Peace while I stood at the toilet bowl each morning waiting for my diuretic to kick in.
Harriet was healthy but had gotten to the point where she was losing her glasses every other day, and twice that I can recall, had put her car keys in the refrigerator. 
Golden years my ass. 
A seventy-ish man in plaid shorts, a bag of golf clubs slung over his shoulder, came through the ornate front door handing the golf bag to a valet who stashed it in the trunk of a Cadillac parked partway through the circular drive. The man waved at the valet saying “Thank you, Sam.” He then drove off.
The guy was obviously a shill the management trotted out when the marketing department was expecting a prospective inmate/resident. 
I stood staring at the building. This was an old folks—pardon me— retirement home? Where was the wrap-around porch with a gaggle of toothless crocks, rocking in creaky chairs, humming tunelessly to themselves? Where were the hovering nurses holding drinking straws to the mouths of the wrinkled fossils? Where were the canes and walkers and wheelchairs parked against the wall? The old men playing checkers?
Harriet and I entered the lobby where a concierge behind a marbled counter asked us to sign in as Visitors. We told her we had an appointment with Betty, a marketing person. 
“Have a seat,” she said, pointing to a pair of easy chairs on the other side of the lobby. “I’ll tell her you’re here.”
Ten minutes later, a smiling young woman, probably in her thirties, bounced over to us, hand outstretched.
“Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Callins. I’m Betty and I’ll be your marketing representative.”
She was an attractive brunette wearing slacks and a flowered blouse.
“I’ll give you a tour of our wonderful facilities. I’ve arranged for you to have a delicious lunch when we’re through with our business.”
She kept up an endless chatter en route to the elevators. Most of her sentences included the words “wonderful” or “we’re excited by…” or “you’ll just love.”. Her sales pitch made your average car salesman sound like a killjoy.
“Coming through!” The shout from behind us had me clinging to the side rail which ran the length of the corridor. A moment later, a woman hunched over the handlebars of a motorized wheelchair whizzed by at eighty miles per hour. 
“Hi Mrs. Parker.” yelled Betty.
Mrs. Parker was well out of earshot by this time. Of course, “earshot” could have been inches from her ears stuffed with hearing aides.
“And this is one of our card rooms,” said Betty as we went by a room with four or five card tables. At each table were white-haired or bald men and women, silently squinting over their cards. They could have been mannequins or even corpses in perpetual rigor mortis. Museum statues made more movements.
Harriet’s eyes bulged in excitement. “Are there many bridge players here?” She wouldn’t miss her Thursday bridge club if she’d had to leave me lying comatose on the floor at home.
“Practically everybody plays,” said Betty. “Bridge, mahjong, canasta, bingo, lotto, poker. You name it.”
I gazed around looking for the roulette, crap tables and slot machines.
We passed a ramp leading to a door. Betty pointed. “That leads into a separate building for Assisted Living and Care Center.”
“What’s the difference?”
“The apartments in Assisted Living are for residents who are not really sick, but require help dressing, eating, getting in and out of a wheelchair, and so on. The Care Center is for residents who are wholly or partially bed-ridden. They need nursing care. Many have been hospitalized and returned here to convalesce. When they are well enough, they return to their apartment in the Independent Living section. That’s where you’ll be.”
“Do the ones in Assisted Living return to their apartments?” I said.
She shook her head. “No. They’re in Assisted Living permanently. Many are memory-impaired.”
I said, “If a husband needs to be in Assisted Living. does his wife remain in their apartment in—what did you call it —Independent Living?”
“No. Even if only one of a couple needs assistance, they move in together.” 
We had reached the bank of elevators bringing a close to the discussion. Two of the three elevators were working. Our guide said, somewhat apologetically, “They’re doing some work on the other elevator. 
A man standing behind us, also waiting, muttered, “Damned elevators. They’re always doing some work on one. I think it’s an empty shaft.”
Betty smiled ignoring the comment, but kept up her chatter telling us about the fabulous apartments we were about to see. 
The elevator finally came.
The apartments she showed us were vacant and undergoing renovation. I assumed the previous occupants were en route to their Maker. You don’t leave one these places upright. You have too much invested in it. 
We stepped around paint cans and rolls of carpeting as we toured through the rooms. The freshly painted walls were tastefully decorated with pull cords attached to small red alarms. Betty explained. “If a person falls, he or she just has to pull the cord and someone will come to help.”
Provided they were conscious and could crawl to the wall.
It was hard for me to visualize what the rooms would looked like with furniture, but Harriet was busy framing with her hands making comments like, “Our breakfront would go here. Our knickknack cabinet would go there. This corner would be for your desk.” To me it was obvious that most of the furniture in our 2100 square foot condo would be finding a home in the Goodwill or Salvation Army warehouse. We had downsized before, moving from our big house in Decatur. Our kids weren’t interested in the overstuffed furniture and other relics, some of which had arrived on the Pinta. A few years later, we moved again to the condo we now call home, leaving some more furniture and assorted space hogs. Get ready Salvation Army, here we come again.
We finished our tour of apartments and Betty said, “I’m sure you have questions. Would you like to go to lunch, or would—?”
Before we had a chance to edge in a word she said, “Did you like the two-bedroom or the three? I’ve got samples so you can pick out the cabinet hardware and the color of carpet.” 
I’ve had car salesmen who pressured me less. “Whoa!” I said. “You are going to tell us about the cost and other minor details involved, aren’t you?” 
She looked at me as though I had asked her to undress.
“I’ll get the cost sheets.”
She went to a file cabinet and extracted a sheaf of papers.
The buy-in cost had me gulping.
Betty saw my face turn white. She was quick to point out that “The Bowers” was a luxury establishment. “You can probably find something cheaper but it won’t have the amenities we have. Incidentally, there’s no tipping.”
“How about the valet who took my car?”
“No tipping. Period.” 
“Gratuities?”
“That’s the same as tipping.” Betty went on. “Of course residents can show that they value the services they get by voluntarily contributing to an Employee Appreciation Fund.”
I said, “You mean like a giant tip jar?”
Betty shook her finger at me. “There’s that ‘T’ word again.”
This exchange of semantics could have gone on forever, but I got the idea—or did I.
Betty glanced down at my scuffed shoes. “Luxury such as you’ll find here doesn’t come cheap.”
I wasn’t looking for cheap, but the price of an apartment was about the same as the GNP of Ethiopia. And that wasn’t the end of it. There was also the monthly fee. I did some mental arithmetic while Harriet was more interested in the samples of hardware and carpeting.
Before we came to Restful Bowers, we had decided that the time was right to move to a place where we could get care if we needed it. An umbrella. I was reaching the age where my birthday cake candles were setting off sprinklers. Harriet was no longer driving. The last few times she drove, she made so many wrong turns, the lady inside our GPS navigator sobbed, “Recalculating, you dummy.” And that was in our driveway.
Previously, we had looked at three retirement homes, but the apartment rooms were either matchbox size or they looked out on a blank wall. One place was so isolated there were no stores or other signs of civilization for miles. You’d have thought it housed people with some dreaded contagious disease. 
In the end, we decided on Restful Bowers. Besides, as Betty pointed out in her sales pitch, we could be secure in the knowledge that it was owned and operated by a well-known hotel chain, Motel 7.
Two weeks after our visit to The Bowers, I phoned our marketing rep, Betty. 
“Great! All you have to do is bring me your bank statement, your citizenship papers, copies of your last five income tax filings and the result of your blood test. We’ll also need reference letters from your minister or rabbi and your fifth grade teacher.”
“I can understand why you need my financial and moral records,” I said. “But why the blood test?”
She smiled showing me her tolerance and my stupidity. “We want to make sure you have blood. You’d be surprised at the number of people who try to sneak in here dead. We turn most of them away.”



Two
So we sold our condo and emptied our bank account to pay for the entry fee. We crammed some of our furniture into a two-bedroom apartment with a den.
Betty greeted us with a thick sheaf of papers to sign. Most had to do with absolving the management from responsibility if anything happened to us because of their mismanagement. I thought that was a contradiction, but we had come this far, so I signed everything she put in front of us. Page after page of small print except places which were highlighted and marked with an “X.” The words “Signature” were half an inch tall. I guess the owners didn’t expect anyone to read the small print, or maybe hoped they didn’t. 
“Lawyers,” said Betty apologetically. “
I leaned back and massaged my right hand which suffered from writer’s cramp.
“So now we’re official inmates of Restful Bowers, “
“Residents. We prefer that term.” 
Semantics.
We were still unpacking our shipping cases when we had our first visitor: Linda Goodbody the Welcome Lady.
Linda told us the locations of the activities room, exercise room, library, and dining rooms. There were two. One was for “fine dining” where men were required to wear jackets. The other was more informal. I assumed, you could eat with your fingers and the dress code was more relaxed. 
 “But no jeans,” she hastened to tell us, an unnecessary precaution since neither Harriet nor I had worn jeans for forty years. I suspected there might be a little problem when our kids and grandchildren came to visit. I don’t think any of them had anything but jeans designer jeans each costing more than my best suit or Harriet’s formal gowns. 
She gave us a map of the building, and a card with her phone number. “If you need any help just call me.”
It was dinner time. We decided to eat at the casual dining room which turned out to be in another time zone. At least we’d be able to work up an appetite.
At the dining room podium, a pleasant young lady with an armful of menus said, “Are you dining with anyone?”
I said, “No. We just moved in. We don’t know anyone.”
Practically all the tables were for four. 
“I’ll seat you with Mr. and Mrs. Young.”
Harriet was ecstatic. “Wonderful! We’re anxious to get to know people here.”
When I saw the couple at the table she led us to, I lacked the enthusiasm Harriet exhibited. Mr. and Mrs. Young were anything but. Mr. Young sat with his chin on his chest. He might have been asleep or dead. Mrs. Young was a tiny thing whose head was level with the table top. If I’d known her better, I would have suggested she get a Los Angles phone book to sit on. 
I had brought a bottle of wine to the table. It was only polite to offer some to our tablemates. “Would you care to have some wine,” I said.
Mr. Young mumbled something. So he wasn’t dead, after all. Mrs. Young glanced at her wrist. “The time? It’s quarter to six.”
I thought we should be on a first name basis. I said, “This is Harriet and I’m Henry.”
Mrs. Young said, “We have a son-in-law named Lenny, don’t we Horace?”
Horace mumbled something.
I spoke louder. “It’s Henry, not Lenny.”
Mrs. Young smiled. “Lenny’s married to Gladys, isn’t he Horace?”
Horace’s lips moved soundlessly.
This was going to be a fun dinner.
Our server came to take our order ending the brilliant conversation.
Harriet and I finished our dinners while Mrs. Young was still dunking a tea bag. We’d had enough so I asked to be excused. Although the food was well-prepared and tasty, unless we were seated with people we could talk to, I told Harriet we’d eat in our apartment.
The next morning Linda Goodbody, the welcome lady, phoned and asked if we had plans for dinner that evening. When I told her she was in luck, we were free, she said, “Would you join my husband and myself?”
Although I didn’t know the state of consciousness of her husband, from our previous contact with Linda, I was relieved to know we’d be dining with a real person.
Meanwhile, Harriet had gone down to the card room to see if she could join one of the bridge games. When she returned to our apartment, she proudly announced that she had been permitted to sit in on one of the games as dummy. “Not only that,“ she said, “I made a date for dinner tomorrow evening with one of the players.”
“Which one?”
“I think it was East.”
“Her name was East?”
“No, stupid, that’s where she was seated.”
“Do you remember her name” I knew it was a ridiculous question. Half the time she couldn’t remember the names of her children or how many we had.
“I think they called her Sally, or maybe it was Joan.”
That was helpful. All I had to do was go through the roster of residents, all 300, and find a Sally or Joan. The roster gave the apartment number and phone number of all the residents. Each last name in alphabetical order was followed by the first name of the individual if the person was single, or the names of both spouses. There was no Sally, but there were several Joans. I picked a Joan and Alvin Spears and crossed my fingers. Worst case: I’d say I dialed the wrong number and try Joan #2.  My phone call was answered by Alvin. I identified myself adding that we were new residents.
“I believe my wife made a dinner date with your wife for tomorrow night. But she didn’t recall the time we were to meet.” 
Alvin said, “Joan makes our dinner dates. She said something about making a dinner date for tomorrow night with a couple of new residents. She’s not here now so I can’t be sure. But we usually eat at six. Why don’t we make it for that time. If there’s any change after I talk to her, I’ll phone you back. And welcome aboard.”
Now we had two dinner dates. Our dance card was filling up. We had arrived.



Three
The dinner with the Goodbodys was very pleasant. They were in their early seventies and quite popular. Our dinner was interrupted a number of times by other residents who stopped at our table. The Goodbodys introduced us to half a dozen people whose names I tried to remember so I could have Harriet call and make dinner dates. Brad Goodbody was a retired manufacturer of some kind of automobile engine parts. He tried to explain what the part did in the engine, but quickly lost me. Harriet kept up a lively conversation with Linda Goodbody. I overheard Linda ask how long we’d been married. Harriet appeared puzzled and looked at me. I answered to save her from embarrassment. “Fifty-eight years. Happy years. Although I can’t remember which were the happy ones, heh, heh.” 
Oh yeah, a real knee-slapper. The Goodbodys politely smiled. 
Harriet joined me in the comedy routine when Linda asked how many children we had, Harriet said, “Three. One of each.”
After the Goodbodys picked themselves off the floor and recovered from their hysterical laughter, I clarified. “Two boys and a girl. All married. Five grandchildren.”
We went through the “Where-did-you-live-before-you-moved-here?” And “Do-any-of-your-children-live-near here?” conversations. 
I noticed Brad Goodbody stifling a yawn, so I suspected they’d had enough of the hilarious Callins. If they ever accepted an invitation from us to join us for dinner, it was only because it was their duty as the official New Resident Welcoming Committee.



Four
The visitor at our door, a man about 40, wavy blond hair, wore a bright Hawaiian shirt and shorts. He greeted me. “Hi my name is Chet. I’m your Resident Relations person. “
I didn’t know I had one, but I showed him in and waited for him to tell us today’s specials.
He went on. “Do you need anything?”
I needed a new car, but I didn’t think he could help. I shrugged. “I think we’re pretty well settled-in.”
He went to the window. “Nice view.”
“Thanks. We try.”
“I suppose you wonder what a Resident Relations person does.”
He took the words out of my mouth, but Chet didn’t wait for me to ask.
“I’m here to serve you.”
“Like what?”
Chet said, “If you have any problems, I help you solve them.”
I was constipated, but hesitated to bare my personal needs to a relative stranger. “I can’t think of any at the moment,” I said. “But it’s comforting to know you care.”
He stared at me for a moment, and from the way he gestured with a limp wrist, I thought he might embrace me and lay my head on his shoulder.
He touched my elbow, and I did feel comforted. “My office is on the first floor and the door is always open.” He looked over my shoulder. “By the way, is the missus here? I’d like to meet her.”
“Harriet is taking a nap, but I’ll tell her you asked about her.”
He started for the door. “Good. Well you know where I am.”
He waved. “Ta-ta.”
I ta-ta-ed him back.
Harriet called from the bedroom. “Who was at the door?
“Some Relations guy.”
Harriet shuffled out of the bedroom rubbing sleep out of her eyes. “We have relatives here?”
“Not those kind of relations. Resident Relations.” 
Harriet said, “Did you tell him about the closets?” 
We needed some drawers in her closet. I had intended phoning a company that does closets, but figured I would save some money if it could be done in-house. 
Later that day, I went down to Chet’s office to ask about it. One of those clock signs on the door informed me he’d be back in five minutes, but invited me to “Come in and have a seat.” 
While I waited, I gazed around his office. The walls were adorned with photos of Chet and a number of people many of whom I recognized as movie stars. Atop a bookcase was a gold Oscar statuette. It appeared to be a genuine Academy Award. I went over and hefted it. Heavy. If it wasn’t a genuine Oscar, it was an excellent forgery. For Relating to Residents in a retirement home? Come on.
Chet walked in as I was holding it. “Ever see one of those before?”
“Yeah, on TV. Is this for real?”
He rose up. Indignant. “Of course it’s real.”
He grabbed it from my hands, blew imaginary dust off it and replaced it on the bookcase. He gave Oscar’s head a little pat. “Nineteen-ninety-two. Did you see ‘Doll Baby’?”
“You won it for being the ‘Doll’?”
He chuckled. “For Best Make-up.”
I tilted my head. 
He saw my puzzlement. “In my prior life I was a Hollywood make-up artist. Trained under Max Factor.”
“How did you luck-out and…?” I swept my hand around his office. 
He smiled. “It’s a long story. Some day I’ll tell you about it if you’re interested.”
I was interested. But at the moment, I wanted to talk about drawers in our closet. 



Five
My business with the closets finished, Chet had arranged for the maintenance department to build drawers in one of the closets I was about to leave his office when he said, “Say, have you met Marty?”
“Who’s Marty?”
“Marty Berman, the Director. Come on. I’ll take you to his office and introduce you.” 
“Marty,” said Chet, “is also the major stockholder in Restful Bowers.”
“Is he the owner?”
“You might say that. This is a closed corporation In other words, the stock is held privately. Practically all of it belongs to Marty.”
“I thought The Bowers was owned by Motel 7.”
Chet grinned. “Marty Berman is Motel 7.”
“You mean he owns that too?”
“Every lumpy bed.”
“What about the Assisted Living and Care Center?”
Chet nodded. “The whole enchilada.”
I whistled. “Man, that’s a big enchilada. The guy must be worth plenty.”
“Let’s just say he doesn’t have to stand on a corner with a cardboard sign.”
I wondered where his money came from. 
Chet read my mind. “Computers.”
“He sold computers?”
“Made them. He was a computer engineer. Developed a robotic device that could construct an auto. Formed a company. Sold it for a pile.”
“That’s quite a stretch—from robotics to running a place like this.”
Chet said, “It was really his son, Kurt’s, idea. Kurt trained as a health care administrator. He owned a chain of nursing homes and when the original developer of Bowers went belly-up, he saw an opportunity to take it over. Marty had the business sense and the dough to make it a go.”
“Is Kurt still involved with the Bowers?”
Chet nodded. “You bet. He runs the Assisted Living and Care Center.”
At Berman’s office, Chet said to the blonde receptionist, “Hi Julie. This is Mr. Callins. He’s a newbie. I’d like him to meet Marty. Okay if we go in?”
“Mr. Berman has someone with him, Chet. Do you want to wait or—?” 
At that moment, the door to the inner office opened. A man walked out and waved goodbye to the receptionist. 
Julie said. “I think Mr. Berman is free for a few minutes. Let me check.”
She buzzed an intercom and put the phone to her ear. “Chet would like to see you.”
She listened, then said, “You can go in.”
Berman, seated behind his desk, stood as we entered.
Chet said, “Marty, I’d like you to meet Henry Callins. He and his wife just moved in.”
Berman was a stocky man, deep blue eyes, his shaven head glistened. Thin lips. He wore a pinstripe suit complete with vest, and a dark, plain tie. He was moderately tall, and stood erect, shoulders back. Probably an old military man, I thought.
He bobbed his head in a short, curt nod. Didn’t offer his hand. Faint smile. “Welcome to the  Bowers.”
Where Chet was bubbly, Berman appeared austere. 
We chatted briefly, Chet doing most of the talking, Berman acknowledging our presence by nodding silently. After about five minutes, he glanced at his watch. Time to go. We went. Berman stood, nodded a goodbye. I thought I heard a click. His heels.
 In the corridor outside the office Chest said. “Marty’s not the talkative type.”
Really? How could he tell?
We went our separate ways. Me, to wait for the closet engineers.



Six
I had retired six years ago as CEO of a pharmaceutical company. We sold our house in Decatur and moved to a condo in a suburb of San Diego. To keep busy, I played golf, read, and puttered around the house. Harriet had her bridge club, shopping, book club, shopping, knitting club, and shopping. And shopping. Did I mention that she shopped? She had emptied out the clothing departments of Macy’s, Nordstrom, Target, and the 99-cent store. An eclectic shopper. Her clothes closets and dresser drawers were jammed with winter clothes, summer clothes, spring and fall clothes, St. Patrick’s Day clothes, Earth Day clothes, you get the idea.
One thing I will say, she was a discriminating shopper. She shopped for only one thing: a bargain. “Of course I have six other blouses the same color, but this one was marked down so far, the merchant was giving me money to take it away.” Unless the store was losing money on some rag she’d pulled from the rack, she wouldn’t touch it. 
We traveled, had seen most of the world, but now we had no desire to stand in long security lines in stocking feet. Besides we had no more room for tchatkas.
Our three children, their spouses and children were scattered over the country. They took turns visiting us and their inheritance. Where some people I know hadn’t spoken to their children in years, ours were devoted to us and our welfare. They’d walk in, take our pulses, hold a mirror to our mouths, then say hello. One Christmas they chipped in and bought us a defibrillator (batteries not included). Touching. 
Now, retired and living in a home for the aged where everything was done for us but wipe our chins, we hungered for activities. Harriet could only play bridge once or twice a week, and she was having so much trouble remembering what the dots and figures on the cards meant, her partners told her the next game was to be in the kitchen. 

A notice on the elevator informed me that a regular monthly meeting of the residents was scheduled for 9:30 that morning. I asked another passenger on the elevator what the meeting was all about.
“It gives the residents an opportunity to tell management what they want,” she said.
Sounded democratic. “You mean the residents voice their complaints and the management complies?”
She smiled. “In your dreams. Look, I’m on my way to the meeting. Come along and see how it works.”
The auditorium was almost completely filled when we arrived. I took one of the remaining unoccupied seats in the back. At a long table facing the audience were half a dozen fellow residents. I turned to the man sitting next to me, and pointed. “Who are the people at the table?”
“The officers of the Residents Association,” he said. “You’re new?”
I nodded.
There was a gavel rap and a man who appeared to be the head honcho blew into a microphone. “Is this thing on?”
Several people in the audience shouted, “Turn the mike on.”
Our leader, identified by a card at his place on the table as Sidney Schaffer, President, fiddled with a switch and tapped the side of the microphone. “Is it on now?”
Someone yelled. “Can’t hear you.”
This exchange of vital information went on for several minutes until a deafening screech came from amplifiers in the ceiling.
A roar went up from the audience. “Turn it down!”
Schaffer turned a knob on a box at the podium quieting the bedlam. He tossed the microphone down and yelled. “Will the meeting come to order?”
The first orders of business were reports of committees: activities, grounds, dining room, and several others. The chairperson of each committee, after going through the tap-and-blow-into-the-microphone routine, read a report, then asked if there were any questions. Several residents had questions of each reporting chairperson. 
The first question that I could hear was, from a woman who asked, “When are our windows going to be washed?”
This prompted a loud applause. Apparently a great question. The man seated next to me said, “That was Mary Bishop.”
“The one with the dirty windows?”
He stared at me as though I was an alien from outer space.
President Schaffer said, “We’ve brought the matter to administration and we’re waiting for their response. Next question.”
Several more questions directed at each of the committee chairpersons got the same response: We’re waiting for an answer from administration.
After the committee reports, the president said, “We’re ready for Chet.” He was the administration?
Chet bounced in, smiling. He tapped the side of the microphone. “Is this thing on?” His voice boomed through the amps. 
Several residents shouted “Turn the volume down!”
Others yelled. “Turn it up!”
So far, it seemed that the meeting involved seeing if the audio system was functioning. For this I could have remained in my apartment.
Actually, Chet did have a message for us. It was really a question: “How is everyone this morning?”
The audience mumbled something back, and Chet appeared satisfied. He went on. “We’re really excited about the new menus.”
I couldn’t see where there was anything to be excited about, but he went on to report that the chef was excited as well. He mentioned a few other things that excited him, like the carpets were going to be cleaned next week, and a fountain in front of the building was going to be turned on, a bunch of exciting announcements like that. At the end he asked if there were any questions.
Mary Bishop was on her feet even before the words left Chet’s mouth. “When are our windows going to be washed?”
Chet said, “Great question!” See how easily he was excited?
He said, “We’re collecting bids and I should have an answer by the next meeting.”
Mary Bishop leaped from her seat. “That’s what you said the last meeting.”
The man seated next to me mumbled, “And the one before that, too.”
Schaffer thanked Chet for all the news he’d given us and announced that the meeting was adjourned.
I couldn’t wait for next month’s meeting. It promised to be as educational as this one.



Seven
One day, several weeks after we had moved into the Bowers, having nothing to do, I decided to see what the Assisted Living and Care Center looked like. Although Harriet and I were in relatively good health, we never knew when the time might come when we would be unable to care for ourselves, or if we were to develop some condition requiring hospitalization and recuperation in the Care Center. 
When we were being shown around by Betty, our marketing person, I recalled passing what she identified as the entrance to the building that housed both facilities. I walked up the ramp and tried to open the door. Locked. I went to the concierge desk in our building and inquired how I could get in.
She said, “You have to make an appointment.”
“I don’t want to be admitted as a patient,” I said. “I just want to see what it looks like.”
“You still have to make an appointment.”
“Why?”
She shrugged. “You’ll have to ask Mr. Berman.”
“I thought his son was the administrator of the Care and Assisted Living centers.”
“That’s the Mr. Berman I was referring to, Kurt Berman.”
“How do I reach him?”
She gave me a phone number, and back in my apartment I made the call.
I told the woman who answered that I was a new resident of the Bowers and would like to see the facility. 
“Do you want to visit a patient?”
I was growing irritated at the runaround. “Look, I might become a patient myself from all the aggravation I get from a simple request.” I spelled it out for her. “I. Just. Want. To. Look. It. Over. Is that so hard to understand?”
Pause. “Let me connect you to Mr. Berman.”
“Kurt Berman?”
“Yes.”
Finally. “Great! Put him on.”
“He’s not available at the moment. I’ll have him get back to you.” 
I gave her my phone number. This was turning out to be a major project.
When I hadn’t heard from Berman by the following afternoon, I phoned the Care Center. Kurt Berman was still unavailable. I told the woman who’d answered, “I want to make an appointment to see the Care Center and Assisted Living facilities.”
“Are you an inspector from the State?”
Enough already. “Yes,” I lied. “Directly from the Governor’s Regulatory Commission.”
That got her attention. “Are you sure you have the right facility? We were inspected just a month ago, and we had zero deficiencies. Zero.”
“Exactly,” I said. “Your place was given the highest rating. You are one of three finalists for the CC Award. We are just making a final check for the judging.”
Sometimes my spontaneity scares even me.
“What is the CC Award?”
“You, know, The Charley. For Care Centers. The equivalent of the Oscars.”
“When would you like to come? Sometime next week?”
“No. Tomorrow. I’ll be flying in at 10 AM. Don’t bother sending someone to meet me at the airport. I’ll rent a car. And have the records ready.” Might as well go the whole hog. I slammed down the phone before she had a chance to make excuses as to why it was not possible.
Next morning I knocked at the door to the Care Center Building. No response. I banged harder. A moment later I heard a deadbolt click and the door cracked open. A woman’s face appeared in the opening. Fort Knox wasn’t guarded this well. She said, “Can I help you?”
“I believe you were expecting me.”
“The inspector?”
I nodded. 
The door opened. The woman stood about six feet tall. Gray hair. Sharp features. She wore a blue smock and low heel men’s type shoes. Could have been a man in drag. “Can I see some ID?”
I had anticipated this and flashed open my wallet to show a piece of aluminum foil fashioned crudely into what I thought would pass as a shield. I had been tempted to etch “Chicken Inspector” into the shield. But wasn’t sure how closely it would be inspected. I snapped closed the wallet before she had a chance to get a closer look. 
She said, “I’ll take you to Kurt—Mr. Berman’s office.”
I followed her through a long corridor, the connection between the Care Center building and the one in which I lived. She stopped and turned. “Mr. Berman isn’t available, but his assistant will show you everything you want to see.” 
She knocked on a door marked “Office.” 
A voice said, “Come.”
She opened the door and spoke to someone out of my view. “The inspector is here.”
The voice said, “Show him in.”
She stepped aside and waved me in. Seated behind a desk was…
I turned my palms up. “Chet! What are you doing here?”
He appeared as surprised as I knew I looked. “Mr. Callins!”
I repeated. “What are you doing here?”
He flipped his hand. “This is my office.”
“I thought you were the Resident Relations guru.”
He nodded. “That too. “
“Do you also serve tables in the dining room?”
“Huh?”
“How many hats do you wear?”
“Here I’m Assistant Director of the Care Center and Assisted Living floor.” He peered over my shoulder. “I was expecting someone.”
I raised a hand. “Here I am.”
“No. I mean someone else.”
I knew who he meant, but ignored it. “I’d like to look around.”
“Wel-l-l.”
I said, “Tell me something, Chet. Why is it so hard to get into this place?”
He thought for a moment. “Well, these are old folks.”
“What does that make me, a teenager?”
“I mean their immune systems are—are…”
“You’re afraid they’ll catch something from me?”
He shrugged. “They have to be protected.” He paused. “Incidentally, did you have an appointment?”
I happened to have in my pocket a receipt for my entrance fee. A very healthy sum. No one was going to catch anything from that. I showed it to him. “Here’s my appointment.”
He peered at it, then gazed up at me. “That’s not an appointment card.”
I stared at the receipt and feigned surprise. “You could have fooled me. Anyway, I’m here, so why don’t you show me around.”
“Did you just walk in off the street?”
“No, I rode in on my motorcycle. Sure I just walked in. What’s the problem?”
He shook his head. “No problem. Let me call Freddie back.”
“Freddie?”
“Fredricka. She’s the one who escorted you here. She’ll show you around.”
“Thanks. I won’t breathe. Wouldn’t want to spread disease. And tell me, where’s this mythical Kurt Berman person.”
He laughed. “Kurt’s got a million things to do. You’ll get to meet him.”
Sure. When birds shit dollar bills.



Eight
Fredricka led me to the floor where patients requiring skilled nursing care, dressing changes, etc. were housed. In the center was a nurse’s station, and radiating from it were two corridors of rooms. The floor was L-shaped with the nurse’s station at the bend.
I peeked into one of the rooms. It contained two beds, both of which were occupied. I said, “Are all the rooms semi-private?”
Fredricka said, “No. About one-third of the rooms are private.”
“Do I or my wife qualify for a private room? Is it included in our entrance fee?”
“I don’t know how your contract reads, but in general there is a small charge for a private room.”
Nothing in the Bowers was “small.” Except maybe the microscopic print in my contract. Which I gave up trying to read but would try again.
The Care Center ward was clean and airy. Absent was the odor of urine and other bodily secretions that pervaded some nursing homes where I had visited friends or relatives. 
A few patients were in wheelchairs in the corridors. Three or four nurses were scurrying from room to room distributing food trays. 
Fredricka said, “Its lunch time.”
There was a small glassed-in dining room opposite the nurse’s station, and several patients were wheeled in to eat at a table instead of in their rooms. This made sense. It relieved the nurses of having to individually serve food to those patients who were not bed-bound. It also provided the patients who were able to leave their beds, the ability to enjoy the sociability of dining with other people.
All-in-all I was impressed by the cleanliness and efficiency with which the floor was run. 
Fredricka glanced at her watch. “Seen enough?”
“Yeah. Very nice. But I’m glad I don’t have to be a patient here yet. Are we going to see the Assisted Living floor?”
“That’s on the floor above this one.”
That wasn’t the answer to my question. I waited.
Freddie gazed at the ceiling for a moment. Maybe she could see through it to the floor above. Finally, “Let me check something.”
She disappeared into an office and I heard her talking, probably on the phone. When she returned, she said, “It’s lunch time. The residents in Assisted Living are eating. We’ll have to do it another time.”
I didn’t know what their lunch had to do with my having a look at the facility.
She repeated, “Another time.”
“I promise not steal any food from their trays.”
She gave me a hard stare. “We. Will. Have. To. Do. That. Another. Time.”
I wasn’t about to tangle with this Amazon, so I meekly said, “Now that you’ve ‘splained it…”
She led me to the door of the building that housed Independent Living, the door I had banged on for entry. She threw a deadbolt and practically pushed me out. Click went the deadbolt.
“Thanks for the guided tour,” I shouted at the closed door.
Jesus. Where had I gone wrong?
Her reluctance to have me see the Assisted Living floor made me all the more curious. I was determined to find out what the mystery was all about. I’d make an appointment to see it, or break in, whichever came first.



Nine
Each day a schedule of the day’s events was posted in the elevator. Placed in our mailboxes was a similar list of all the planned activities for the week.
The list included a talk almost every weekday afternoon. It was given by individuals, many of whom were faculty members of the University. A variety of subjects were covered: politics, history, astronomy, jazz, and medical subjects of particular interest to us seniors.
The first one I attended was an unbiased discussion of candidates in the coming election. The speaker, a retired professor of political science, presented an informative and erudite analysis of each candidate’s qualifications, in language any of us could understand.
At the conclusion of his talk, he asked if there were any questions. Most of the questions were intelligent, until a woman I recognized from the Residents Association meeting got up and asked, “When are our windows going to be washed?”
There was a groan from the audience and someone shouted, “Sit down Mary!”
I could picture Mary’s apartment, windows coated in street dirt. 
Mary kept standing with her hands on her hips in a defiant pose.
The speaker handled it well, I thought. He said, “I do windows on Thursdays.”
Over the next few weeks, I attended a number of these talks. I learned how to get up from a fall, how to treat Alzheimer’s (there is no worthwhile treatment,) details of George Gershwin’s life, where to look in the sky for Venus, how to avoid scams, and so much useful information, I was overloaded. 
Harriet usually came along with me, but her attention span was becoming shorter and shorter. Usually I had to poke her to quiet her loud snores. And that was five minutes into the talk. After each lecture she’d say, “That was very interesting. What did he say?”
The other constant was Mary’s question, regardless of the speaker’s subject, “When are our windows...?” 
Although I’m sure Mary had valid concern for her opaque windows, I think I’d prefer to hear Harriet’s snores.

Every Monday, as an alternative to going to the dining room, a buffet dinner was served in the auditorium where residents could eat and watch Monday Night Football on a large TV screen.
The concept was great, and I was thrilled at the prospect of munching on a hot dog or Buffalo wing while joining my fellow sport fans in cheering our favorite team. I was even tempted to wear my old Red Grange uniform shirt and paint my face in my favorite team’s colors. But thought I’d wait to see how the other residents reacted, to avoid offending those who were rooting for the other team.
I was told that to make things even more interesting, two of the residents acting as bookies, would take bets on the combined teams’ scores at half time and at the end of the game. Although the accepted wager strained my budget (one dollar,) I succumbed to temptation and got ready to plunk down my buck. I picked a number out of the air for the score. Actually, the “air” was the date of Harriet’s and mine anniversary. No way could I lose, right. But even in the unlikely event that I’d lose, I’d still welcome the camaraderie of my fellow residents. 
I hurried down, “Ready for Monday Night Football!” I worried that there might not be enough seats for all of us fans. Also, fearful that the loud cheering would assault my ears, I removed my hearing aids.
 I entered the auditorium to see two long tables facing the TV screen—blank since the game had not started. A handful of faithfuls sat at the tables quietly chewing on barbequed ribs. I was surprised at the number of women; most of whom I would never have suspected were football fans, especially since several had macular degeneration and always were accompanied by caregivers as their “seeing eye dogs.” 
What really amazed me was seeing Mr. and Mrs. Young. I remembered them as our dinner partners our first night. One slept through the meal and the other would not have been able to hear a fog horn blowing directly in her ear. Here, they sat, with what I first thought were pompoms, but on closer look turned out to be steamed rice balls. But the fact that they had come down to watch Monday Night Football, had me chiding myself for misjudging them. 
I looked for a queue in front of the card tables where the “bookies” were taking bets, but was fortunate to be able to place mine before the game started. Obviously, the others had already made their bets since I was the only one in line. 
I grabbed a plate and dished out the food. I heaped it on since I didn’t want to be left hungry during the game, and knew the food would be long gone after everyone had had second and third helpings.
Suddenly, the TV blared. An announcer yelled, “Are you ready for Monday Night Football?” The game was on!
The announcement was met with silence from my fellow fans. Apparently they were too excited to cheer.
The next sounds I heard were the scraping of chairs, the tapping of canes, the creaking of walkers. Everyone was getting up. I was left seated by myself along with the two bookies. Then they started packing up to go.
I said to no one in particular, “Where is everyone going?”
Out the door is where they were going. Back to their apartments to sleep.



Ten
Harriet looked at her watch. One-thirty. “I’m going down for tea and cookies. Why don’t you come along?”
Every day, tea, coffee and cookies were set out in one of the common rooms off the lobby. Harriet attended the tea and cookies ceremony almost every day, but I’m not a cookie person and, so far, had not partaken. “I think I’ll stay here in the apartment and read, but you go ahead.”
“Oh come on. Don’t be such a stick-in-the-mud. I know you don’t care for the refreshments, but you’ll see, it’s a social thing. You’ll meet people, talk to them. The tea and cookies part is irrelevant.”
She convinced me. In the six months since we moved in, I had met a few people, but I saw this as a chance to socialize, not one of my talents.
When we got there, a number of people were already seated in easy chairs, sipping tea or coffee, and quietly conversing. I recognized one or two from having been seated with them at a few dinners. 
Harriet, a card-carrying extravert, greeted most of them like old friends. She walked from chair to chair, admiring this one’s dress, that one’s hairdo. A politician up for election couldn’t have worked the room as thoroughly. I stood apart, feeling like a fish in the Sahara.
Harriet waved me over and introduced me. “This is Henry, my husband.” I knew she couldn’t remember the names of the people and she didn’t try. They introduced themselves.
In the center of the room, stood a pair of large urns. One for coffee, the other containing hot water for tea. A basket of tea bags was alongside the hot water urn.
Feeling I had to do something with my hands, I filled a paper cup with hot water and selected a tea bag. 
While I waited for the tea to steep, a server came in with a large tray heaped with cookies: chocolate chip, oatmeal and raisin, and other sweet cakes, each in a plastic baggie, and set the tray on the table. I bent over the tray to examine them and make a selection, when a woman wheeled over in a walker, and squeezed next to me. She raised the seat of the walker and shoveled half of the cookies from the tray into a compartment under the seat. Then, without a word, wheeled herself and the walker out of the room. Several others got up from their chairs; each grabbed a handful of cookies and departed. So much for sociability.
I gazed at the empty tray. Obviously, I didn’t know the rules of the game. You don’t spend time looking for the cookie that meets your fancy. You grab and run. The tea was refreshing, though.



Eleven
Most of the Bowers’ residents, while not what you might call spry, were ambulatory without aids. Every day, they could be found in the gym puffing away on a treadmill, or pumping on stationary bikes.
However, in spite of the euphemisms like “Retirement Community for Seniors,” the Bowers was an Old Folks Home. Plain and simple.
Accordingly, the corridors, jammed with walkers of every size, shape and color, resembled a Los Angeles freeway at rush hour.
Then there was Mrs. Parker/AKA Mario Andretti, the race car driver, who steamed through the place in her motorized scooter like she was qualifying for the Indianapolis 500. Get behind her as she zoomed backwards out of the elevator, and you could end up flattened under the wheels of her vehicle.
In the dining room, most of those who used walkers, were able to transfer to regular chairs. To give the servers room to carry their heavy trays, walkers were wheeled away to an alcove that looked like a stadium parking lot at game time.
Over the course of the first year that Harriet and I became residents, we watched as many of our fellow retirees deteriorated from shuffling along, to using canes, then wheelchairs. Some, after losing their mobility, just disappeared. When I would ask the concierge where Mr. and Mrs. So-and-So had gone, I was usually told that they had been moved to the Assisted Living section. Made sense.
Case in point: Larry and Christine Rogers lived in the apartment next to ours. They were active until Larry suffered a stroke that left him partially paralyzed and speech that was impossible to understand. He had been hospitalized, then returned to the Bowers Care Center. But in spite of intensive rehabilitation, Larry was unable to transfer from his bed to a chair without assistance. He was returned to his apartment where Christine tried to take care of him, but he required the help of a twenty-four hour caregiver, an expense that Christine felt would eventually drain their financial resources. Besides, macular degeneration had made her legally blind. The solution: Assisted Living.
So, one morning the Rogers with their possessions were moved to an Assisted Living apartment. Most of the furnishings would not fit in their new quarters, and their only family were Christine’s aged sister and Larry’s equally old cousin, both of whom lived in Chicago. So the Salvation Army was deployed to active duty and hauled the excess away.
After Larry and Christine had time to settle into their new quarters, I thought it might help their morale if I visited them. Besides, it gave me an excuse to venture into the Assisted Living facility where my previous efforts to see the place had been rebuffed.
I phoned the number listed for the Assisted Living Administrator and was connected to a husky voiced female. She identified herself as Fredricka the female wrestler I had encountered in my inspection tour of the Care Center. 
I said, “When would be a good time to visit my friends the Rogers?”
“When would you like to come?”
“I can come over in a few minutes.”
“You mean today?”
Apparently, the term, “a few minutes,” was not in her vocabulary. I replied, “Of course today.”
There was a moment hesitation. Then. “I’m afraid today is out of the question.”
The Forbidden City routine again. I was tempted to ask why not, but knew I’d be given some excuse like “They’ll be brushing their teeth.” Or they’d be oiling their wheelchairs.
“How about tomorrow?”
Her predictable answer was “Maybe next week.”
I was in no mood to accept “maybe.” I said, “I’ll be there next Tuesday.” I said it with finality. No more fooling around.
As I was about to hang up she said, “Whoa. Hold on. Let me check.”
I waited while she did some checking, then came back on the line. ”Okay. Next Tuesday from two to two-fifteen in the afternoon. Sharp.” 
A whole fifteen minutes. Wow. I was afraid to ask what would happen to me if I overstayed my visit by a few seconds. Probably receive fifty lashes across my naked back. I thanked Freddie profusely for granting me access.
The following Tuesday at 2 o’clock, sharp, I presented myself at the door to the Assisted Living and Care Center facility.
I had been expected. The door opened as the second hand on my watch hit the 2 o’clock mark. I thought the door had been on a timer, until Fredricka’s face appeared in the open doorway. She raised a hand, consulted her watch, then dropped her hand like the starter at a track meet. I was on the clock. 
We took an elevator just inside the door, up to the next floor. It opened to a corridor.
While she led the way without preliminary comment, I glanced around. The place was spotless, quiet as a morgue, the vinyl floor gleamed, the place smelled of Lemon Pledge.
Off the corridor were ten or more doors, all closed. Alongside each door was a small sign designating the name of the occupant. Ahead I could see that the corridor joined at right angles to another wing. Like the Care Center in the floor below, the apartments in Assisted Living were aligned in an L formation. The only difference was that here a door marked Administrator took the place of a nurses’ desk. As we passed I said, “Do I get to meet Kurt Berman?”
Fredricka shook her head. “He’s not here today.”
Since there were no nurses in sight, I wondered who assisted the residents in Assisted Living. Before I had a chance to ask, Fredricka stopped at a door. A small sign read, “Mr. and Mrs. Rogers.”
She opened the door without knocking, consulted her watch and said, “You have until two-fifteen.”
I walked into a small apartment containing a double bed, two easy chairs, a bathroom and a tiny kitchenette. Larry and Christine sat in wheelchairs, their legs covered by blankets. They both had smiles on their faces. They appeared to have gained some weight judging by the fullness of their faces which appeared robust with pink cheeks, as though they had been out in the sun. . 
Christine kept smiling and said, “Hello.” 
Because of her blindness, I wasn’t sure she recognized me.
Larry’s head bobbed like one those bobblehead dashboard dolls. He said nothing which, of course, was not surprising considering his stroke-induced speech defect. However, he probably knew who I was and kept on smiling.
“He doesn’t talk,” said a voice behind my back
I turned. Fredricka stood at the door with her arms across her chest. I hadn’t realized she was still there. Probably to time my visit. 
I addressed Christine. “Chris, it’s me, Henry, your old next door neighbor.”
Her head bobbed. “Yes.”
I said, “How are you two doing?” 
Christine said, “Fine.”
“This seems to be a pleasant apartment.”
“Yes.”
“Are they taking good care of you and Larry?”
“Yes.”
“How’s the food?”
“Good.”
“The place must be agreeing with you. You both look healthy, healthier than when you were in the Independent Living section.”
“Yes.”
Larry’s head never stopped bobbing. He never stopped smiling.
A few more questions and comments from me. One word answers from Christine.
Fredricka said, “Time’s up.”
I said, “Well, it’s been great seeing you both.” 
I stepped forward to shake Larry’s hand, but Fredricka grabbed my shoulder, “Time to go.”
I went.
I remembered Larry and Christine as being effusive, very sociable. Of course, that was before Larry’s stroke. But even then, Christine remained cheerful and talkative and Larry had made attempts to speak but was frustrated by his inability. Seeing them now, the change in their demeanor was striking.
As we walked toward the elevator, I said, “Have they been sedated?”
Fredricka said, “No. Why.”
I shrugged. “They seem drugged.”
Fredricka shook her head. 
We reached the elevator door. She got on with me and we rode down one floor. We were at the door leading to the ramp that connected the Care Center and Assisted Living building to the Independent Living building. Fredricka slipped the deadbolt and gestured toward the exit. 
The door hissed closed as I stepped out. 
I spoke to the closed door. “And you have a nice day, too.”

Chapter Twelve
One of the problems being retired and living in an Old Fo—excuse me—Senior Living Community, is that there’s too much time on your hands. Your meals are prepared and served, you can chose from several activities de jour, you can attend Resident Association or committee meetings, take walks, exercise, or just stay in your apartment and read or watch TV.
There is one activity that takes precedence over all others: going for the mail. Harriet, for one, could hardly wait each day for Ray, the mailman. I have a sneaking suspicion she had something going with Ray, but at her age what could happen?
Around noon every day but Sunday, Ray would drag in bins loaded with mail and distribute it into the residents’ mailboxes. When the word came out that the Postal Service was considering discontinuing Saturday deliveries, you’d have thought someone had died. Several people wrote indignant letters to the Postmaster General voicing their extreme displeasure. Of course, the letters were sent e-mail, the main reason the Postal Service was becoming bankrupt.
The letters Ray stuffed into our boxes were filled with vital information. Examples: Final Notice, your membership in the Alzheimer Foundation is expiring; Please help the hungry children of (any country from column B); Please help the hungry people of (any country from column C), etc.
A wastebasket for recycled material sat alongside the mailboxes, and most of the letters and circulars that filled our mailboxes went, unopened, into the wastebasket.
The exceptions: letters from charities that enclosed a nickel or dime for priming the donation pump. The coin was dug out, then the letter was trashed. At mail time, residents who had bought in to The Bowers for close to a million dollars, walked away jingling their coins. It was the March of their Dimes. 
Adjacent to the Postal Service mail boxes, were open slots for each apartment, in which in-house notices were placed. Here’s where we could find the current week’s menus, a list of the planned activities for the week, notices that the water would be shut off from 10 PM to 5 AM on a certain date in order to repair a broken sewer line, and the like.
A resident could leave a note for another resident in the slot. corresponding to the recipient’s apartment number.
Several weeks after I’d visited Larry and Christine Rogers in the Assisted Living Facility, I found in my mailbox, a handwritten envelope with a Troy, NY postmark. Since I knew no one in Troy, I thought it was probably another letter asking for my donation, but disguised by the handwritten address. Tricky. I ripped open the envelope expecting to find a letter that gave me the choice of a $50, $100, or $1,000 donation for the protection of hoot owls. To my surprise, the envelope contained a real letter that read:
Dear Mr. Callins,
I am the daughter of Larry and Christine Rogers. I live in Troy, NY, and at least twice a year, I visit them. Because the distance makes travel difficult and expensive, I phone them every week,. I am their only living relative. 
I know you and your wife are friends of my parents. In fact, you may remember we met during one of my visits. 
The reason for this letter is my concern for their well-being. For a week, I’d been trying to phone them, but was only able to reach the Assisted Living administrator’s office. Each time, I was told that they were in some activity and could not come to the phone. I asked the person to whom I spoke, to have them phone me. But apparently they did not receive the message.
Finally, today I did reach them by phone and spoke to my mother. Our conversation was weird. When I asked how they were, she said, “Fine.” Usually, either Mom or Dad, before his stroke, would tell me what they’d been doing and we’d have a lively conversation. Today, I did practically all the talking. I’d receive a one-word response to my questions or comments. I had the feeling that they were hiding something from me. I called the administrator’s office back and asked how they really were. I was assured that they were in good health; their spirits were high. She told me that at the moment they were in an aquatic exercise class. Exercise class! It was hard to believe since Dad, for as long as I can remember, got his only exercise turning the pages of a newspaper. Since his stroke, he could hardly get around, let alone do water exercises. Mom would never go near the water either because she’d just had her hair or nails done. Now, her increasing blindness, I’m sure, was a further deterrent.
I apologize for this rambling letter, but I am worried and would appreciate hearing from you. You can reach me at the number in the letterhead or at my cell phone… 
Sincerely.
Helen Simpson

Funny, I had the same reaction as their daughter when I visited the Rogers in their Assisted Living apartment.
After reading the letter, I phoned Helen. I wanted her to know of my visit to Larry and Christine and that they seemed to be healthy and relatively happy. In fact, robust. “Yet,” I said, “there was something different about their behavior, although I couldn’t put my finger on it.”
Helen said, “Well, I’m somewhat relieved. Maybe it’s that they’re no longer in Independent Living. But that would be out of the question in their present conditions.”
“You may be right, that it’s the change in their life style.” I said it without conviction, but wanted to allay Helen’s concerns.
“I even thought I’d drop everything, hop a plane and spend a few days with them. It would be difficult. I have two  children, and I help my husband in his business. But unless you think it’s necessary to come, I’ll depend on you for my information.” 
“I plan to visit them from time-to-time,” I said. “I’ll keep in touch.”
Easy to say, but based on my experience, I knew it would be easier to get into the White House Oval Office.

Chapter Thirteen
For several days after my phone conversation with Helen Simpson, I mulled over how to carry out my mission: to find out what the hell was it with the Assisted Living facility. I knew I was just putting off as long as possible my confrontation with Fredricka, the Nazi, and the person who presumably had her on a leash, Kurt Berman, the facility’s administrator.
First, I would try the direct approach. I‘d phone to find out when I could visit the Rogers again. No, damn it, no pussyfooting around. I’d tell whoever answered that I was coming over and they’d better open the door to the facility or I’d get a battering ram.
That’s me, Fearless Fosdick. I was getting so worked up I had to take two blood pressure pills to calm me down.
Then I picked up the phone.
The person who answered, sounded like Fredricka, greeted me effusively. Her opening words were, “What do you want?”
I said, “And hello to you, too.”
There was silence from her end.
“Hello,” I said. “Are you still there?”
She said, “I’m waiting for an answer to my question. What do you want?”
What I really wanted was to shove a firecracker up her fat ass. But I said, “Please, I’d like to make an appointment to visit the Rogers. That is, if it’s convenient.” That’s telling her, right? Pussy Fosdick.
“You are who again?”
“Henry Callins, 1087.” My apartment number.
I heard some rustling of papers. Then, “I can squeeze you in at 3:15.”
“Today?”
“No, next Christmas. Of course today.” Unsaid was “You moron.”
“Thank you, thank you,” I said. If I sounded grateful, I was. In fact, I could hardly believe it had been that easy. Had I been mistaken, and falsely assumed there was something mysterious and ominous going on in Assisted Living? Obviously, my trepidation was a figment of my imagination. More proof, if I needed any, that I was a chronic worrier. I saw demons under the bed when there were only dust balls.
I was at the door to the Care Center and Assisted Living at 3:15. Sharp. As before, the door cracked open on the dot and Freddie (no more Fredricka now that we were pals) gestured for me to come in. 
We rode the elevator up to the Assisted Living floor. I followed her down the silent, spotless corridor, her rubber-soled shoes quietly hissing, while my footsteps embarrassingly clopped. 
To her back, I said. “This place is certainly quiet.” Showing her how observant I was.
When there was no comment from her, I went on. “Are these apartments filled or vacant?”

She half turned and spoke over her shoulder. “Mostly.”
Mostly what? Filled? Or mostly vacant? I hesitated to ask for fear I’d offend her and alienate our friendship.
Like the last time I’d been in the Assisted Living facility, I didn’t see anyone in the corridors. I was sure the Rogers were not the only residents here, but where were the others? In their apartments behind the closed doors we passed? Out for some of the activities such as exercise classes or a lecture? I’d have to ask Chet, or Kurt Berman, if I ever got to meet him. I doubt I’d get more than a few words from Fredricka. She was all business.
By this time we had arrived at the door to the Rogers’ apartment. As on my last visit, she opened the door without knocking. I thought she was being impolite or presumptuous. What if they’d been on the toilet, or in the shower. But there they were, seated side-by-side on a small sofa, smiling. At least, Christine was smiling. Larry’s lips were drawn to the side, obviously from his facial hemiplegia. Although the room seemed quite warm to me, a blanket was draped over their legs. 
I said, “Hi.”
In unison they said, “Hi.” Even Larry’s greeting seemed clearer than it had been. I knew that even before they were transferred to Assisted Living, Larry had been receiving speech therapy. But until now there didn’t seem to be much improvement.
“Living here seems to agree with you, Larry,” I said.
He nodded. “Uh-huh.”
“How about you, Christine? Are you doing okay?”
“I’m doing okay.”
I was elated to hear the report. I couldn’t wait to tell their daughter. I said, “The other day I spoke to Helen.”
Christine said, “The other day you spoke to Helen.” A statement, not a question.
“Daughter. Helen.” I didn’t think it needed clarification, but of course, there are more Helens than their daughter.
“Daughter Helen.,” said Christine.
I gazed at the ceiling. Smiled. “There seems to be an echo in here.” Me and my clever lines.
I felt a tugging on my sleeve. I turned to face Freddie.
She tapped her wrist. “Time’s up.”
“It’s only been a few minutes,” I protested.
“I don’t want them tired out.”
I couldn’t see where our conversation was tiring, but who was I to argue with a professional.
Freddie was pulling me out of the door. I said, “Listen, I’ll be back real soon, so you kids behave.”
As Freddie closed the door, I could hear Christine saying something, probably telling me goodbye. But the only word I heard was “behave.”

Chapter Fourteen
Before moving to Restful Bowers, Harriet and I lived in a suburb of San Diego where our recreation and social life was golf. Our home was along a fairway of a golf course, and we had joined the golf club.
Our golf cart was parked in our garage, and at least three days a week, we’d drive it to the clubhouse, about five blocks away, and tee it up.
Once a week, Harriet played with a group of ladies divided into foursomes, while Wednesday and Friday mornings I had a regular game with a group of other retired men. On weekends, Harriet and I usually made golf dates with another couple. After we’d hacked our way around the course, the four of us would retire to the clubhouse for drinks and dinner. 
Since our home was on the course, sometimes in late afternoon of summer we’d take advantage of the long days, wheel our cart to the tee adjacent to our home and play three or four holes until dusk. 
One of the last things we did as the moving van with our possessions took off for the Bowers, was to gaze longingly at the neatly mowed fairways and greens, knowing we were leaving a most enjoyable part of our lives.
But not entirely. 
Each Monday morning, we could join a group of fellow golf devotees, take one of the Bowers’ buses to a nearby executive course, and play a round. For “executive” read old men and women. And eight-year-old children. An executive course is less than one-third the length of a regulation eighteen-hole golf course. 
The first time we ventured out, the golfing group consisted of eight men. No ladies other than Harriet. Not that women were excluded, none of the other women residents played golf.
In the bus, Harriet fidgeted, finally whispered to me, “I’m scared to death. The only woman. The men will either laugh watching me play or resent my horning in on their game.”
I tried to consol her, but without conviction since I didn’t know anything about the players.
Until we got to the first tee. 
Harriet was in a foursome with me and two other men. One of the men, Gerry, teed off first. That’s an exaggeration. He took a swing and the ball fell off the tee propelled by the wind his swing generated. 
Without embarrassment, Gerry replaced the ball on the tee and announced, “Mulligan.” The term was invented by some hacker when golf was “golfe” to explain that his failed attempt to send the ball on its way was not his fault, and he was entitled to a second try
His Mulliganed drive was at least ten times the length as his first, about .twelve feet. 
Harriet’s anxiety started to ease.
Ted was the second to tee off. His drive went sideways and plunked in a lake set at right angles to the fairway. Not even close.
I could hear Harriet’s sigh of relief. 
Ted’s Mulligan never got off the ground and bounced about twenty yards down the fairway.
Harriet had trouble suppressing a guffaw.
I got off a fairly decent drive, then Harriet stepped up to the Ladies’ tee. She took a few practice swings and lofted the ball in a drive that ended about one-hundred-fifty yards in the middle of the fairway. Gerry and Ted followed the flight of the ball, amazement registering in their faces.
The four of us reached the green, and Ted, whose ball was farther from the hole than any of the others, stroked his ball off the putting surface. Gerry’s putt grazed the cup and settled about five feet away. He picked up the ball and announced, “In the leather.” This was another term, originally designed to speed up the game, by conceding that the ball was close enough to the hole to consider that another putt was unnecessary. It was safe to assume that it would be holed out. Of course the “leather” referred to the putter’s grip, about eighteen inches long. So Gerry had slightly miscalculated. No big deal. 
Five putts after Ted had sent his first putt sailing, he finally got his ball to drop into the cup. 
Gerry was keeping our scores. His pencil was poised over the scorecard while he mentally counted his strokes. “Let’s see. I had a five.” I had watched him flailing his way toward the green and counted at least eight strokes before he started putting. If he had a five, I was Arnold Palmer.
Harriet, who couldn’t remember where the door in our apartment was, had not forgotten how to swing a club. She had an honest four, the lowest of any of us.
The rest of the round was a carbon copy of the first hole. Gerry and Ted stumbling along, hitting the ball from one side of the fairway to the other, then keeping their scores with imagination.
Harriet, although not hitting the ball far, was never more than a millimeter from the middle of the fairway. Her putts from anywhere on the green dove into the cup as though drawn to a magnet. 
After one of my drives ended up about two feet into the rough, Ted sidled up to me. ”It’s your grip.” 
“What about my grip?”
“The reason your ball ended up where it did was because of a faulty grip. Here, let me show you.”
He wrapped his hand around the club so that the face of the club was almost backwards. “This how to grip the club. See the difference. Your grip will impart a lateral trajectory on the ball and…”
I had been gripping golf clubs since I was a twelve-year-old caddie. I had taken lessons from pros from coast to coast. My bookcase was filled with every book on golf ever written. I had a drawer full of videos of my swing as well as those of every great golfer from Bobby Jones to Tiger Woods. Here was this dodo whose swing resembled a defective windmill, his ball frequently in a boomerang path that would hit him in the ass if he didn’t jump out of the way, giving me a lesson on the aerodynamics of the ball in flight. I should have wrapped a three-wood around his neck. Instead, I said, “Gee, thanks. I wondered why my drives always made a beeline for the pin.”
My sarcasm flew miles over his head. He patted my shoulder.
“Sure. Anytime.”
In the bus on the way back to the Bowers, Harriet hummed.
“That was fun. I can’t wait until next Monday.”

Chapter Fifteen
Obsessed with curiosity about Assisted Living, I stopped off one day at Chet’s office in the Independent Living building. He was on the phone, but when he saw me, he held up a finger and pointed to a chair in front of his desk. I waited until he finished his phone conversation.
He hung up and leaned across the desk for a handshake. “How you doin’ Henry?”
“I’m on the right side of the grass.” Another of my clever lines.
“Freddie tells me you’ve been over visiting in AL again.”
“AL?”
“Assisted Living.”
“Yeah. I’ve been visiting Larry and Christine Rogers. They’d been in the apartment next to ours before they moved over.
Chet nodded. “What do you think of the place?”
“I’m impressed. Clean and quiet. In fact, that’s one of the things I want to ask you about. Where is everybody?”
His brow furrowed. “I don’t get it.”
“I’m talking about the AL. Except for the Rogers, the place seems empty “
He chuckled. “It’s a long way from empty. There’s only one vacancy.”
“Does everybody just stay in their apartment?”
“’Course not. Most go down to rehab or Tai Chi or to one of the meetings. There’s something going on all the time.”
I suppose I’d have to take his word for it, but I wasn’t entirely convinced. The place just seemed too dead.
 I said, “I’ve never met or even seen the guy who is the AL administrator. Where does he hide?”
“You mean Kurt, Marty Berman’s son. He’s around most of the time. Is there some reason you want to meet him?’
There were a lot of things I wanted to ask him. For one, why was it so hard to get in to visit someone in Assisted Living? Chet had given me some bullshit about the residents’ fragile immune systems. Not exposing them to diseases they might pick up from dirty old men like myself. I couldn’t buy that argument. They’d be more likely to catch something from the people who handle their food, or the housekeepers who clean their apartments.
I knew I wouldn’t get a straight answer from Chet so I said, “Nothing specific, but I’ve met the other people who run this place like you and Marty Berman. And of course friendly Fredricka. I’m perfectly happy living unassisted. But who knows? Maybe someday…”
Chet nodded. “Sure, I understand. I’ll set up an appointment to meet him.”
“That would be great. I’m free anytime except when it’s tea and cookies time. Never miss that.”
Two hours later, Chet phoned. 
“You wanted to meet Kurt Berman, right?”
What a memory! 
“Uh-huh.”
“I made an appointment for you tomorrow at 3 PM. In Kurt’s office.”
“That’s in the Assisted Living building, isn’t it?”
“Yeah. Go up the ramp from Independent Living. The door to the Care Center and Assisted Living building is locked, but there’s an intercom on the wall next to it.”
I hadn’t noticed the intercom on my previous visits. I could have saved wear-and-tear on my knuckles. Unless it had been installed since I last visited.
At three o’clock the following afternoon I buzzed the intercom. Mounted high above the door I saw a small surveillance camera. Another innovation? Moments later Chat opened the door. He was wearing tight-fitting khaki shorts and a tee shirt. 
Big smile. “Come on in, Henry.”
He grabbed my hand for a handshake. 
We rode the elevator up one floor to the Assisted Living section. While we walked down the corridor, I remarked “It’s always so quiet here. Seems strange not to have a lineup of walkers or wheelchairs. Don’t these people get out of their apartments?”
Chet smiled. “You should see it when there’s an activity like. exercise class, or a guest speaker. Man, you’d need a traffic cop.”
“Do they leave the floor?”
“What do you mean?”
Aside from the apartments, I hadn’t seen any rooms that might be used for an exercise class or lecture. I said, “For example, do they go down to the gym or the auditorium in the Independent Living section?”
Chet shook his head. “Most of these folks are in wheelchairs. We’d need an army of aides to transport them. No, we have a large room at the other end of the corridor where most of the activities are carried out.” He pointed to the corridor at right angles to the one we were on. Made sense. I’d never been down that arm of the L. 
We’d reached the Administrator’s office. Chet held the door open and I stepped into a small waiting room. At the end was a door that I assumed led to the throne room, the domain of the Assisted Living emperor.
Chet knocked, answered by a muffled “Come.”
Seated behind a desk was man wearing a blue smock with a square jaw, and dark, penetrating eyes. And a scalp devoid of hair. A younger version of Martin Berman. He rose as we entered, smiled and extended his hand. His grip was so firm I heard my knuckles pop.
Chet made the introductions. 
Kurt Berman said, “Nice meeting you, Mr.Callins, I’ve heard about you.”
He saw my puzzled expression and continued. “I’ve heard you’ve visited us a couple of times.”
Sounded as though he was kept appraised of any strange bodies invading his territory. I said, “Yes. Larry and Christine Rogers. They’re former neighbors,”
“Lovely couple.”
Chet excused himself. Just as well. 
Berman said, “So, how long have you been at the Bowers?”
“About a year.” I hadn’t given it much thought, but it seemed like yesterday that Harriet and I were opening storage boxes and putting things on shelves.
Berman said, “I’m surprised we haven’t met before.”
He was dead right about that, but it wasn’t for my lack of trying. “Management seems to keep a low profile.”
He raised his eyebrows. “.Meaning?”
“Well, I’ve met Chet, of course. And your father.”
He spread his hands. “Now you’ve met management.”
“You mean the three of you…?”
“Sure. We have a good staff. We tell them what to do and they do it. They do a good job, if I might say so. Each department has its supervisor. Why complicate it by adding more layers of executives?”
He had a point. Money was handled by the accountant. Marketing, food and dining, housekeeping had their supervisors. The Care Center had a nursing supervisor. Assisted Living had—wait a minute. “Who supervises this floor?”
Berman looked down at his desktop, then raised his head. “That’s Fredricka Himmler.”
Of course. The Icicle Lady. The Nazi. I said, “Was Reichsfuhrer Heinrich her grandfather?” I quickly added, “A joke.”
Berman gave a forced laugh. “You’ve met her?”
“Uh-huh. Charming lady.”
Berman’s eye twitched. “Yes. Fredricka runs a tight ship.”
If it was any tighter it would strangle. I said, “Does she have any aides? I never see anyone else on the floor.”
Berman straightened some papers on his desktop. “There are servers at mealtime who deliver food trays to the residents. And housekeepers. The orderlies from the Care Center downstairs wheel the residents when they go to various activities. Most of the people in Assisted Living can manage their own toilet care and dress. We have a small staff of aides for those who can’t.”
“I see,” I said. “I guess both times I’ve been here was in between meals and activities.” 
Berman nodded, then stood. The interview was over.
We shook hands. I said, “Well it was nice meeting you.”
“Likewise.”
Suddenly, Chet was at the door. Had he been listening—or was I paranoid?
He said, “I’ll show you out.”
“Oh. I can find the way. You needn’t bother”
He waved a hand. “No bother.” He took my elbow and walked with me. “Did you and Kurt have nice visit?”
“Yeah. He’s—he’s really an administrator.” 
If Chet realized what an inane statement that was, he gave no indication.
We rode the elevator down to the door that led to the Independent Living building. At the door, I said, “Chet, is there another way into this place? Every time I’ve come it seems to be a big deal. I’d like to be able to walk in without having to pass the guard dogs.”
His lips tightened. “I think I already explained, it’s management’s policy. Actually, it’s a state regulation. And, no. This is the only entrance.”
“What’s the state have to do with going into an Assisted Living facility?”
“We have a book full of state regulations we have to follow. They’re meant to protect these elderly people. Prevent ‘elder abuse’. If everyone could just walk in who knows what might happen.”
“Yeah. Like I’d walk in with a rubber hose and beat the shit out of these old folks. Or maybe rob them blind while they’re asleep. Come on, Chet. Enough bullshit.”
He put his hands up. “Honest, Henry. These are California’s rules, not mine—-or Kurt’s.”
“Yeah, yeah.” I could see there was no use arguing. He parroted the company lines—or lies. 
Chet read the skepticism on my face, but shrugged and held the door open for me. He patted my shoulder. “See you around.”
As I walked back to my apartment, I reviewed in my mind what I had learned. Nothing.  

Chapter Sixteen
The man riding with me in the Independent Living elevator a week or so after my last visit to Assisted Living, was about forty, too young to be one of our residents. His arms were loaded with clothing, some on hangers.
“Moving in or out?” I said.
He raised his head to peer over the pile. “Neither. I’m helping my folks move.”
“Oh, who are they?”
“Frank and Mary Todd. They’re being moved to the Assisted Living section.”
I knew the Todds. Harriet and I had been seated at dinner with them on at least three occasions. They were a pleasant couple. Frank, as I recall, was a retired insurance executive. He was probably in the early stages of dementia, repeating the same stories at least three times at each sitting. Mary was bent over with osteoporosis and used a walker.
 Knowing that I had been in the pharmaceutical industry, Mary had called me once to ask whether a certain medication that had been prescribed for Frank, was compatible with a cholesterol-lowering drug he was taking. It happens our company manufactured a drug with the same components as the generic drug she inquired about. I gave her what information I had, but told her to check with her doctor. 
“Sure. Try to reach him. I called his office a dozen times and was always told they’d check with the doctor and call back. That was last Tuesday. I’m still waiting.”
I knew the drill. Her phone message was probably at the bottom of a pile that the busy doctor went through at the end of a fatiguing day. Eventually, he would probably get to it, but who could hold their breath that long? I was sure the two drugs were compatible, but the responsibility still lay with Frank’s doctor. I expressed my sympathy, but told her to keep trying. Now, the couple was on their way to the Assisted Living facility.
At the first floor lobby, both young Todd and I got off the elevator. I said, “My name is Henry Callins. I know your folks. Give them my best. Tell them I’ll visit them.”
“That would be swell. They feel as though they’ve been sentenced to Siberia. At least Mom does. Dad, well, he’s lost some of his sharpness. I think the whole move is bewildering.”
I walked down the corridor with him. “Can I relieve you of some of that load?”
“Thanks, but I can manage. I’m young and strong.”
I laughed. “As opposed to my being old and weak. “
“No. I only meant…”
“I know what you meant. I was only kidding. Do you live around here?”
“No. I live in Memphis, but I wanted to be sure the folks were settled in. My name is Ken.”
We walked up the ramp and reached the door to the Care Center and Assisted Living. His arms were occupied, so I said, “Let me buzz you in.”
We waited for someone to answer the intercom. On the spur of the moment, I decided I’d go in along with Ken. Give me another chance to case the joint.
The door opened and there holding the door, was my pal Fredricka. She looked from Ken to me, then opened the door. Ken edged in and I followed close behind. I felt a hand on my shoulder. Fredricka said, “Where are you going?”
“I’m helping with the move.” Let her try to stop me.
Ken said, “Mr. Callins is helping me.”
Fredricka gave me a look that would have frozen Lake Erie in July. But I had her at a disadvantage. She may not have been prepared for me, but I was prepared for her. She stood silent and pouting in the elevator as we rode up to the Assisted Living floor. I kept pace with Ken and she tagged along in the corridor, probably debating how to toss my sorry ass out of there. At the door to 204, Ken stopped. “This is my folks’ apartment, isn’t it?”
Fredricka managed a curt nod.
I opened the door and walked in right after Ken. Then I slammed it shut in Fredricka’s face.
Frank and Mary were fully dressed, seated together on a small love seat at the foot of the twin beds. Frank tried to struggle to his feet. “Here, son, let me give you a hand with these.”
Ken freed one arm, dropping several pieces of clothing. He put up a hand. “No, Dad. Sit down. I’ll handle it.” He started hanging the clothes in the closet.
Frank sat. I noticed that he had his shoes on reversed. The left shoe on the right foot.
I said, “How’re you doing, Frank?”
“Fine, fine. Only thing bothers me is my feet. They hurt. I don’t know why.”
I knew why, but looked over at Mary. She gave a small shrug. “We needed someone to help Frank dressing. I can’t anymore. That’s why we’re here.”
Frank rose up, scowled. “What do you mean ‘help me dressing’. I can damned well dress myself.” He turned his back on Mary and mumbled something.
I tried to defuse the argument. “I’m sure you can. Say, what about those Padres!”
He brightened. The argument already history. “Yeah. They killed the—the—who they played the other night.”
That was actually last week, but who was counting. At least he knew who won. 
I turned to Mary. “Did you ever reach the doctor about that medicine?”
She snorted. “Finally. He was all apologies. It was as you said, no problem. The two medications were compatible.”
Frank said, “What medications?”
I rescued Mary. “It was some medicine I was taking.”
Frank said, “I take a bunch, don’t I Mary?”
Mary nodded. Sighed.
Frank said, “Say, did you meet my son—?” He searched for a name. Came up empty. He pointed to the closet where Ken was still sorting out the clothes and hanging them up. “Son, this is my friend—.”
“Henry,” I prompted.
“Henry,” echoed Frank.
Ken waved. “Nice meeting you, Henry.” He glanced at me and rolled his eyes.
I felt as though I was in the way. Besides, I thought I’d do a little exploring before I left the floor. “Well, I’m on my way out. So long Frank, Mary.” I called over to Ken. “Good luck, Ken. How long are you staying?”
“I’m going back tomorrow.”
“How about having dinner with Harriet and me tonight?”
“Thanks, but I’m arranging to have it here with Mom and Dad in their apartment.”
“I understand. You’re a good son. Have a safe trip back home.”
I opened the door. Fredricka was there, leaning on the door frame with one hand, the other hand on her hip. So much for exploring.
Wordlessly, she pointed to the elevator and walked behind me like I was a horse being led to a corral, and was trying to escape. Which I was. The escape part.
At the first floor she unlocked the door to the ramp, and I heard the deadbolt click into place as I left. At least I had another excuse to visit the Assisted Living floor. The Todds. Small victory.

Chapter Seventeen
After giving Frank and Mary Todd a few days to settle in, I thought I’d pay them a visit. At the same time, I’d visit the Rogers again. A double-header if I could pull it off.
I phoned Chet to let him know I was coming. Who am I kidding? It was to get the official stamp of approval.
He said, “I guess you haven’t heard. We’re shut down. No visitors to the Care Center or Assisted Living.”
Shut down? My first reaction was that one of the inmates had escaped, and the entire joint was on lock-down, like in a prison. I said, “Has someone gone over the wall?”
He chuckled. “No. It’s because of the diarrhea.”
“And the floors are slippery?”
“Huh?”
“From all the crap.”
He sounded puzzled. “It’s probably an outbreak of no virus” At least, that’s what it sounded like.
Now I was puzzled. “”Wait a minute. If it’s not a virus what is it?”
“Norvirus.” Subtext, you idiot.
I’d heard of the norvirus, of course. A highly contagious gastrointestinal disease that can become epidemic in institutions. As a precaution, to prevent spread, contact between individuals is minimized. 
I immediately thought about Harriet and her card games. “How about bridge?”
“No bridge.”
“Golf?”
“No golf.”
“Movies?”
“No movies.”
“Tea and cookies?”
“No tea and cookies.”
“Mail?’
“Of course the mail will be delivered. And your meals will be brought to your apartment. And wash your hands.” He sounded like he was talking to a five-year-old autistic. Which is what I l felt like.
After I hung up, I decided to take a stroll in the corridors to stretch my legs. 
In the elevator, a posted notice told me essentially what I had heard from Chet. The corridors were deserted. The common rooms, usually bursting with activity, were closed. On the doors were signs, “Closed until further notice.” 
In one corridor I came upon a group of three residents. All grumbling. I could make out fragments of conversation: “…locked down.” Grumble, grumble. “…what do they think we are, children?” Grumble, grumble. “…quarantine the ones who are sick.” Grumble, grumble.
Farther down the hall I ran into another small group. All grumbling. I inched my way into the huddle, and one woman asked me what I thought.
“It’s probably for our protection,” I said, meekly.
They all stared at me. One woman bared her teeth. All false, of course. 
I added, “So we won’t catch the disease.”
They turned their backs and walked away from me. Already I felt sick to my stomach—and not from any virus, nor or otherwise. 
Obviously, I was a pariah. This being my first experience with lock-down, I didn’t realize I was supposed to be angry, although I wasn’t quite sure what I should be angry about.  
 On my way back to the elevator, I ran into Bob Harris one of the residents with whom I had been friendly. 
Bob said, “What do you think of the shut down?” He appeared ready to pounce if I gave the wrong answer.
I said, “It’s really something, isn’t it.” How’s that for being  non-committal?. 
While I was waiting for the elevator, Chet came along.
I said, “A lot of people are upset about management’s  decision to shut down.”
He shrugged. “We’re not doing it as punishment. It’s for their protection. Norvirus is highly contagious. We’re doing what we have to in order to keep it from spreading.”
“I see your point. They’re saying you should quarantine the people who are sick, and free up the rest.”
“The problem with that is some of the people may have been infected, but the symptoms haven’t appeared yet. They’re just as contagious as those who are symptomatic.”
“You have a point.” He was scoring lots of points. I felt like I was back on the debating team in college. My opponents were always able to convince me of their side of the argument. No surprise I was kicked off the team.
“What about the idea of a quarantine?”
He snorted. “How do you lock anybody in their apartment?. We’d be sued for false imprisonment.”
Another point. The score so far was Management 3, Me 0. 
 “Couldn’t they be put in isolation in the Care Center?” I thought I’d had him checkmated.
Chet snorted. He did a lot of snorting. “First place, there’s no room in the Care Center. Even if there was, we’d need a corps of nurses and aides who had the know-how of isolation techniques.” 
I was clearly no match for him. I was rapidly becoming an advocate for shutting down. Fortunately the elevator came before I could raise a banner in favor of management.
Until I reached my floor.
 Bill Haney stood waiting for an elevator going down. He muttered, “This damn shut-down is a bunch of crap, isn’t it?” 
“Great pun.”
“Huh?”
“ ‘Bunch of crap.’ Norvirus infection, right? Heh, heh.”
He scowled. “Look, it’s not funny. Whose side are you on, anyway?” 
I didn’t know we were divided into teams. Bill was six-two and weighed in at 265 pounds. 
“I’m on your side, “ I whimpered.
“Okay. That’s better.”
“Chet says it’s for our protection.”
“Yeah, like I need his protection. The little floozy.”
I was saved by the elevator again.
My head was spinning. Many residents felt that management had over-reacted. No one knew how many had been infected. If it was only one or two individuals, why shut down activities for the remaining 300? These folks had paid their big bucks for amenities and by God they were going to get them come hell or loose stools. 
Since I didn’t know the correct answer—if there was one—I decided to stay out of the fight. I’d agree with whoever approached me on the subject. A real diplomat, no?
So I stayed in my apartment and tried to placate Harriet who couldn’t understand why she couldn’t get into the card room.

Chapter Eighteen
Thank God the shut-down only lasted a week. Any longer and the Administration Office would have been torched.
Now that we were back on track, I decided the time had come to pay a visit to the Todds and Rogers. My real purpose was to check out the Assisted Living facility. Something screwy was going on, although I didn’t have a clue as to what it was.
I phoned Chet to find out when was the best time to visit.
He said, “We’ve got a lot of activities going on. I’ll have to get back to you.”
I didn’t know what kind of activities he was talking about. Every time I’d been there, the only activity I saw the residents engaged in was breathing. And I wasn’t even sure they were all breathing. Often enough I had been on the wrong side of “get back to you.” Translation: You should live so long. 
“Chet,” I said quietly. “Give me a day and time. Now.”
“Okay, okay. Tomorrow at three.”
“I knew you’d find a way.” 
The following day at three I buzzed the intercom and waved at the surveillance camera. A few moments later, the door was opened by Chet.
He ushered me in and we rode the elevator up to the Assisted Living floor. As always, the inactivity was deafening.
While we walked down the empty corridor to the Todd’s apartment, I said, “You told me there was an activities room at the end of the other corridor.”
“Uh-huh.”
“I’d like to take a peek at it.”
“Why?”
What came to my mind was: To make sure you’re not giving me more of your bullshit. Instead I said, “Just curious.”
“No problem.”
When someone tells me there’s no problem, I know there’s a problem.
We turned the corner and headed down a corridor as long as the one we’d come from. We stopped at the last door. Chet turned the knob and pushed. There was no give. The door was locked.
“Uh-oh,” said Chet.
“Uh-huh,” said I.
“I’ll get the key. It’s in the Administrator’s Office. Wait here.”
While I waited, I glanced around. In front of me was the end of the corridor. It appeared to be a solid wall covered by wallpaper with a zigzag pattern., On close inspection, I saw a fine crack that went from the floor to about the height of a door, and another fine crack at right angles to the first, and a third crack that joined the second at a right angle and ran to the floor. In other words, a hidden door. No knob, but unmistakably a door. I pushed gently against it and felt a slight give, the cracks widened, but it would not open. 
I knew there must be a keyhole somewhere in the pattern, but before I could look for it, I heard Chet’s footsteps. I quickly turned to see him striding toward me holding up a key. 
“Got it,” he announced.
He unlocked the door to the activities room and swept a hand around. “Here it is.”
Rows of empty chairs took up most of the room. The chairs were separated by a space wide enough to accommodate a wheelchair or walker. At the front of the room was a speaker’s stand with an attached microphone. 
I was less interested in the room, which was obviously set up for speakers, than I was in the hidden door. Chet had told me earlier that there was only one way in or out. So much for that fairy tale.
 Chet said, “A movie screen drops down.”
“So the room can be used for speakers or a movie,” I said. A brilliant observation.
“We have movies almost every night.”
“Well, thanks for showing me the activities room. Now, I’d like to see how the Todds are doing.” 
“Sure.”
Frank and Mary Todd were eating at a small end table. We spent a few minutes making small talk. “Sorry to disturb you while you were eating,” I said, “I’ll be going, but I‘ll be back in a few days and we can really chat.”
Chet had been standing alongside me, and after we left the Todds I told him I’d like to spend a few minutes with Larry and Christine Rogers.
Their apartment was in the other wing, at right angles to the Todd’s. Chet knocked on the door. When there was no answer, he cracked open the door and peeked in. “They’re napping,” he said. “Come back another time.” Easy for him to say. 
Back in my apartment, I tried to picture where the hidden door in Assisted Living led. It was at the end of a corridor in the Assisted Living facility, in an otherwise solid wall. I concluded that it led to somewhere outside the building.
I walked around the outside of the Care Center and Assisted Living building trying to see where it might be. Two sides faced streets. Since there was no outside staircase or fire escape, I eliminated them. A third side faced the Independent Living building, but here again there was no sign of a staircase. The fourth side of the building abutted a three-story enclosed garage. This had to be it.
I went into the garage entrance. The lower floor was used by trucks for delivery of food and other supplies. At the end of the garage, corresponding to the side abutting the Care Center, was a staircase; on the second floor landing, a steel door. Assisted Living was on the second floor of the Care Center building. Ah-hah! I clanked up the stairs and cautiously tried to open the door. Locked. No surprise. But I was quite sure this was the outside of the hidden door in the Assisted Living corridor. All I had to do was open it and I’d be in Assisted Living. No problem, right. Translation: There’s a problem. 

Chapter Nineteen
Back in my apartment, I tried to read but couldn’t keep my mind focused. 
Harriet was taking a walk leaving me alone to try and unscramble thoughts about that damn Assisted Living floor.
If I was smart, I would just walk away, forget about the you- know- what. Even if by some sleight of hand I could pass through that door, that hidden door, what did I expect to find? Rooms full of old farts like myself except they couldn’t put on their own shoes. All I was operating on was a hunch that things there were not as they should be. Except for Chet, who I didn’t trust, the people in charge of the floor were not friendly towards me. That was no basis for conducting an investigation by an eighty-something guy whose only credentials as a detective was finding my wife’s glasses.
The truth was, except for the Assisted Living personnel, I liked Restful Bowers. I liked the food, I liked the other residents I’d met, I liked my apartment. The service was that of a five-star hotel. Give it a rest, Henry. Fugetaboutit. 
But on the other hand…
Just then the phone rang. The concierge was on the line.
“Mr. Callins, your wife just fell. She’s down here…”
I didn’t wait for the rest. I slammed down the phone and stood in front of the elevator door, tapping my foot until the door opened. I ran in almost knocking down a woman with a walker. At the concierge desk, I yelled, “Where is she?”
The concierge pointed to the door leading to the outside. The Bowers nurse was bent over a form lying on the sidewalk in front of the entry door. Harriet. Stretched out, her forehead scraped and bleeding. 
I said, “What happened?”
The nurse had been dabbing Harriet’s forehead with gauze. She said, “Mrs. Callins tripped over a curb. I’ve called 911.”
Harriet turned her head toward me. “Oh, Henry. I‘m such a klutz.” 
She tried to sit up, but the nurse held her down. “She’s complaining of pain in her right hip.”
“Is it broken?”
“We’ll have to wait until they x-ray her in the ER.”  
A red ambulance, its overhead light rack flashing, pulled into the driveway and screeched to a stop in front of us.
An Emergency Medical Technician jumped out of the cab, and with the driver, dragged a backboard out of the ambulance. While one EMT took Harriet’s blood pressure, the other, holding a clipboard, asked the nurse what happened.
The first EMT was feeling Harriet’s arms and chest asking if it hurt. She shook her head. “It’s only my right hip.”
The EMT looked at her right leg and said, “Hmm.”
At the “Hmm,” my hand to flew to my mouth. “Is it, you know, broken?”
Without looking up he said, “We’ll get her to the ER for x-rays.”
They placed the backboard on the ground alongside her, and while one tech gently pulled on her right leg, they moved her over on to it. Although they were gentle, Harriet screamed. They ran duct tape around her chest and head, securing her to the backboard, then lifted her to a rack inside the ambulance.
 I grabbed the elbow of one of the EMTs. “Where are you taking her?”
“To St. Joseph’s ER.”
St. Joseph’s hospital was only about a mile away. I debated whether or not to hop into the ambulance with Harriet, but decided it was better to have my own car so I could drive home when the time came. I had the valet bring it up and followed the ambulance. 
By the time I had parked, Harriet had been brought into an examination room. The waiting room, separated by a door from the examination rooms, was jammed with patients and their families and friends. When the door to the examination and treatment area opened, I caught a glimpse of nurses and doctors, scurrying around. A receptionist at a desk blocked me from going in.
“They’re awfully busy in there,” she said. “You’ll just be in the way. I’ll call you when the doctor has seen her.”
I could see her point, and paced the waiting area until I heard her call my name.
Harriet was in an examination room on a gurney. She grabbed my jacket. “Am I glad to see you.” she said. 
A doctor wearing a white coat with his name, A. Nelson, M.D., embroidered on a pocket, stood holding a clipboard. He appeared to be in his late forties, swarthy, slender and had the broad shoulders of an athlete. 
I introduced myself and shook his hand. “What can you tell me, Doctor?”
“I’ve examined her. She has some bruises, but the main problem is her right hip. She’s going for an x-ray now. You can go with her. After the x-ray we’ll talk, okay?”
“Does it look as though anything is broken?” My anxiety was still in the red zone.
“She may have a fractured hip, but let’s wait for the x-ray.”
I followed an orderly pushing the gurney to the X-Ray Department and did some more waiting. And worrying.
Twenty minutes later, Dr. Nelson emerged from the room where he’d been looking at Harriet’s x-ray. He appeared somber. My heart sank.
“She has a fractured hip, Mr. Callins. Do you have an orthopaedic surgeon?”
I’d had arthroscopic surgery for a torn cartilage in my knee, but that was twenty years ago and I couldn’t even remember the name of the surgeon. I shook my head. “Who’s the best orthopaedic surgeon on the staff here?”
He smiled. “We have sixteen orthopods on staff and they’re all good. But Dr. Baldwin is head of the department and his specialty is hips.”
“If this was your wife or mother, who would you have?”
“Dr. Baldwin.” No hesitation.
“Call him in.”
Nelson went to a phone. When he returned, he said, “You’re in luck. Dr. Baldwin just came out of surgery. He’ll be here shortly.”
Fifteen minutes later, Dr. Baldwin, in a white coat over a green scrub suit, wearing a green surgical cap, arrived. He was in his fifties, over six feet tall, square jaw, and smiling eyes. We made our introductions and I waited outside the examination room where Harriet lay, while he went in. When he came out he said, “I’m going to look at her x-rays.”
“How does it look?’
He shrugged. “No question she has a fractured hip. How’s her health generally?”
“She’s never had any serious health problems. Maybe a little challenged in the short-term memory department over the past two years.”
“Well, we’ll have someone check her heart and lungs, run some lab tests. After I see her x-rays I’ll discuss her treatment.”
More waiting and stewing until Dr. Baldwin returned with the results. We sat.
“Well, the x-ray confirmed that Mrs. Callins has a fractured hip. The break is about an inch below the knob at the top of the femur.”
“Let’s talk about treatment.”
“I’m coming to that. The fracture is displaced. In other words the ends of the broken bone are separated. She’s going to need surgery. We have two or three options. One, we can try to get the bone ends together in their proper position and then hold the fracture in place with several pins, really thin metal rods. Second, we can remove the knob portion of bone and replace it with a metal prosthesis. Third, we can—.”
I was reminded of the guy you ask him what time it is and he tells you how to make a watch. I put up a hand. “Hold it, Doctor. I’m already in information overload.”
I gave him the “if-this-was-your-mother” routine. 
He smiled. “Actually, in her late seventies my mother had almost exactly what your wi—, it’s Harriet, isn’t it?”
I nodded.
He went on. “I chose to go with the removal of the head of the femur and replace it with prosthesis.”
“How did it work out?”
“She was up walking with a walker in less than a week, then graduated to a cane, and in six months went back to playing golf.”
“Sounds good to me. Let’s go for it.” 
He said he couldn’t guarantee that Harriet would respond as well, and warned me that there could be complications. Then started with a litany of things that could go wrong. Sounded like lawyer talk, but I was impressed with the guy. We went to tell Harriet.

Chapter Twenty
At 7 o’clock the following morning, they wheeled Harriet into the operating room.
The night before, I had called all three of our children and gave each the bad news. Although I told them I’d let them know how things went, I was proud that all three insisted they would be on their way here as soon as they could get flights out. By the time they arrived, Harriet had been operated on and had been returned to her room from the recovery room. 
Dr. Baldwin said everything had gone well. When the first words out of Harriet’s mouth on waking up from anesthesia were a slurred, “Are you getting enough to eat?” I knew she was on her way to recovery.
To me, her progress was remarkable. She was up in a wheelchair the afternoon following surgery, took a few steps with a walker the next day, and was sent from the hospital five days later to the Bowers’ Care Center. The wonders of modern medicine.
We must have done something right in raising our kids. They couldn’t have been more solicitous or caring. Wendy was either at Harriet’s bedside or shopping to keep our refrigerator stocked for snacks and lunches. Ken and Andy chauffeured me back and forth to and from the hospital while Harriet was there. In addition, they fixed what was broken around the apartment. They wouldn’t let me bend to pick up anything that dropped. I felt like an old king. The “old” part was right on. 
After seeing that Harriet was settled in the Care Center, Wendy and Ken went back home to take care of their work and families.
Andy stayed on for another day. He was a fix-it guy. His day job was as an executive in a computer company. 
While Harriet was resting, he was back with me in the apartment. I said, “While you’re here, take a look at my computer. It’s become so slow I can read a book until it responds to my commands.”
He turned it on and shook his head. “The desktop screen is so full of icons I’m surprised you can get anything done. You don’t need all the junk you’ve got in it.”
Any time I’d seen the internet message “Download Free,” I clicked on it. I’d used the computer primarily to keep my financial data and writing letters. I’d forgotten what most of the icons represented.
Andy worked on it for about half an hour. His fingers flew over the keys while he was saying, “You don’t need this.” Or “Do you actually play mahjong on this machine?” He uninstalled all the junk I’d accumulated. When he was finished, the desktop looked as clean as when I’d bought the machine. I couldn’t believe the speed with which it responded to commands.
He said, “I see you have an old scanner. You have a scanner built into your printer. What do you need the other one for?”
“I guess I don’t need it.”
“Let me take it. I was going to buy one for Jill.”
Jill, his oldest, was a junior in high school.
“Take it.” I was glad to get rid of any of the hardware that cluttered up my study.
Andy said, “I’m going to need a tote bag for it. I just brought a small valise.”
“I have one you can have. It’s down in my storage closet in the Bowers basement.”
Andy was taking a plane home at four that afternoon. I told him I’d drive him to the airport.
We went down to the room where each resident had been assigned a storage closet. I had kept a key to the lock on the ring with my apartment entry card. Now, when I looked for it, the key was missing. I had no idea where it was.
 I said, “I’ll call maintenance and have them saw the lock off.”
Andy inspected the lock. “Wait a minute. No need to saw it off. I can open it.”
“How?”
“I saw a few screwdrivers in the apartment. I’ll run up and get what I need.”
I waited. When he came back he had a small thin-bladed screwdriver and a paper clip he’d unbent.
He said, “I’ll have the lock picked in no time.”
“Where did you learn to pick locks?”
“Hey, remember I’m an engineer.”
“Computers I can understand. But picking locks?”
“One of the courses I took was ‘How locks work’.” He jiggled the lock. “This one is a simple five-pin job.”
“Of course.” I had no idea what he was talking about, but two minutes after he worked on it with the screwdriver and paper clip, the lock popped open.
I knew Andy could do a lot of things, but a safecracker…?
We retrieved the tote bag from the storage closet.
Andy said, “We’ll have to get a new lock. You don’t have a key for this one, and I don’t think you want to pick it every time you want anything from the storage closet.”
“Home Depot?”
“Naw. We can get one much cheaper at the 99 Cent store.”
This kid scared me with his multi-talents.
 The new lock we bought for 99 cents was better than the one I’d had.
Back in the apartment, I asked Andy to show me how he opened the old lock. 
He did the lock-picking trick again, and I tried to duplicate the maneuvers. It took me half an hour with his coaching, but Voila! The lock popped open.
“Practice on the old lock, Dad. Before you know it you can qualify as a certified thief.”
He glanced at his watch. “I’m going to have to get to the airport. Let’s go down to the Care Center. I want to say goodbye to Mom before I go.”
 As I did with the other two kids, I sent him off with a hug and my thanks for all he’d done.
Yes, the way they all turned out, we must have done something right.

Chapter Twenty-One
I was spending a good part of every day with Harriet in the Care Center, watching while the therapist supervised her rehabilitation. While she rested, or in the evening after she had gone to bed, I went back to my apartment.
Using my old storage closet lock, I was having fun practicing the lock-picking Andy had taught me. Getting pretty good at it, too. Using a screw driver and unbent paper clip I could spring the lock in about three minutes.
It was while I was “picking,” I realized I’d been so occupied with Harriet and her recovery over the past two weeks, I hadn’t thought about what was going on at the Assisted Living floor. The hidden door flashed through my mind. I was pretty sure the outside access to it was in the garage abutting the Care Center building. 
Hm-m-m. Was there a chance that with my newfound talent the locked door was no longer a challenge? Andy had assured me that he’d used it to open the front door of his house one time when he’d misplaced his key. 
Should I give it a try?
Nah. Even if I could open that door, what did I expect to find? Stupid idea, forget it.
Until the next day. 
Carrying the burglary tools of my trade, I entered the garage and looked both ways to be sure no one was around. I cautiously climbed the stairs to the second floor landing. In front of the locked door I rubbed my hands together, and flexed and extended my fingers like a concert pianist before a recital. Test time. 
Andy had taught me well. Five minutes after working the lock, I heard the deadbolt click and cracked open the door. I was in!
Now what?
I opened the door about an inch. Footsteps!
I pulled the door shut, heard the lock click shut, and ran down the stairs. Outside the garage I took a deep breath. 
I guess I wasn’t meant to be a second-story burglar after all.
Was I chicken? You bet.
Until the next day.
This time, I was scared away by a truck unloading provisions at a loading dock inside the garage.
I waited across the street until the truck pulled out of the garage, then peeked in. I was alone.
Up the stairs. Picked the lock. Cracked open the door. Just enough to see that it opened to the corridor I remembered from the last time I was in the Assisted Living facility as a legitimate visitor. No one was around. The place was so quiet, the slight creak of the door sounded to me like a cannon. 
I put one foot inside and was about to put the other in when I realized that if I was inside and the door locked behind me, I was toast. I didn’t know where the keyhole on the inside of the door was. If I had to leave in a hurry….
I searched my pockets for something to keep the door slightly ajar. The only thing I could find was a pen. I placed it on the floor between the sill and the edge of the door and tested to see if it worked. It did.
I crept inside. I was in the L–wing of the corridor where Chet had shown me the activities room. In fact, three feet from me was the door. 
Was there a lecture or movie going on? I listened at the door. Silence. The door was unlocked, the room was empty. I went inside to catch my breath and eased the door shut behind me. Alone in the room amidst rows of empty chairs, I tried to figure out what to do next. Before I had a chance to decide, I heard voices in the hallway. 
As my grandmother used to say, oy vey English translation: Oh shit!
.

Chapter Twenty-Two
The voices grew louder. Sounded like a man—no, two men. I recognized one voice, Chet. The other, possibly Kurt Berman. They grew still louder. Right outside the door. 
I expected to see the door fly open. What excuse could I give for being here? What had I gotten myself into? I held my knees to keep them from trembling.
I was unable to make out what the men were saying. Had they noticed that the hidden door was ajar, held open by the pen I’d used to prevent it from locking, with me inside?
The next thing I heard was the snick of a door either opening or closing. I put my ear to the activities room door. I could no longer hear them talking.
I waited a few moments, then cracked the door open and peeked out. No one there. Where had they gone? The possibilities were: One, they’d gone through the hidden door. But the pen I’d used as a stopper was still in place and the hidden door still slightly ajar as I had left it. The second possibility, now a probability, was that they had gone into the room across the hall. I assumed the door across the hall led to another apartment, but looking now I saw a sign on the door, “Staff Only.” 
One thing I knew for a fact was that they were no longer in sight. The other fact I knew was I had to get the hell out of the Assisted Living facility. And quickly.
I tiptoed out of the Activities Room, opened the hidden door, retrieved my pen, and let myself out. I closed the door behind me as quietly as I could, but still heard a snap as it relocked. I prayed that no one else heard it, as I took the stairs down to the garage floor and sauntered out of the garage trying to slow my breathing and my thumping heart.
Never again. That was it. Finis.
Back in the sanctuary of my apartment, Harriet was watching TV. She was now using only a cane, although half the time she forgot it and walked unaided with only a slight limp.
I leaned over her shoulder and gave the top of her head a loud and moist kiss. 
She looked up. “What brought that on?
“It’s not your birthday?’
“No.”
“Our anniversary?”
She wrinkled her brow, shook her head, then a coy smile slowly took over. She glanced toward the bedroom. “In the middle of the afternoon? Like old times? You Devil.”
I opened my mouth to speak when the phone rang. 
Harriet went for the phone while unbuttoning her blouse. She held up a finger. Wait.
I could wait another six months. Or had it been a year?
She put the phone to her ear. Listened for a moment, then, “Wendy, darling!” Harriet turned toward me. “It’s Wendy.” 
I listened on the bedroom extension while Wendy asked Harriet how her hip was, how she felt in general, and assorted mother-daughter matters mostly concerning clothes. 
I got in a few words, then, fully dressed, flopped on the bedspread and closed my eyes.
.Harriet joined me in the bedroom, the conversation with Wendy finally over, 
I was drifting off to sleep and faintly heard her say, “Now where were we?”
Me? I was in dreamland. 

Chapter Twenty-Three
About two weeks after my aborted attempt to invade the Assisted Living facility, I met Oliver Stevens in the elevator.
He said, “I’ve been meaning to get in touch with you, Henry. I’m Chairman of the Health Services Committee. I remember you telling me that you’d been in the pharmaceutical industry. We need another member for the committee. How about coming on board?”
“Refresh my memory. What exactly do you do?” I wanted to know what I’d be getting in to before I made a commitment.
“We see if the residents in the health facilities have any problems.”
“You mean the Care Center and the Wellness Center?”
“You got it.”
I said, “If there are problems, what do you do about them?” 
“We have meetings.”
Like all I needed was another meeting. When I retired, I swore off meetings. I’d had my share as CEO of the company. I said, “And the meetings take care of the problems?” 
He stared at me as though I were a candidate for the nuthouse. “No, we report them to the Residents Council.”
“And they solve the problems?”
“No, they take it up with Bowers’ management.”
I said, “And management takes care of the problems?”
Oliver was getting fidgety. “Look, Henry, will you or won’t you?”
“Do what?”
He took a deep breath. I expected him to tell me to forget he asked. Instead, through gritted teeth he said, “Join our goddamn committee.” 
I could see his fist clench. “Well,  if you put it that way…”
“Is that a yes or a no?”
I liked Oliver, but I could see I was about to make an enemy. “If you really want me, I’ll do it.”
He loosened up. “Great. We have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow.”
He told me where the meeting would be held. 
As he started to walk away, I had a thought. “Oliver, is your committee responsible for Assisted Living too?”
He thought for a moment. “Well, it’s in the Care Center building so I suppose we cover it. But what problems would the people in Assisted Living have? They’re basically well, except they need help with their Activities of Daily Living.”
I suppose he was right. Maybe the one having the problem was me.
The following day, I showed up at the Health Services Committee meeting. There were two other members besides Oliver and me. 
One member reported that one of the Care Center patients said she couldn’t get chocolate chip ice cream. They gave her Jell-O instead.
Oliver said, “We’ll refer it to Residents Council. Maybe they can work something out with the Diet Kitchen.” 
Another patient had complained that the seat on her wheelchair was too hard. 
Oliver pursed his lips, gazed at the ceiling, then looked at his committee. “Any suggestions?”
To this point, I hadn’t opened my mouth. I was about to suggest they fatten her up a little, when Mike, one of the committee members piped up. “How about getting her a cushion?”
“Excellent suggestion, Mike,” said Oliver.
Now, why couldn’t I think of that?
After several other serious problems had been solved by referring them to the Residents Council, who in turn would refer them to the administration, who would tell them they’d look into the matter, the meeting was adjourned.
While the other members filed out, I went up to Oliver. “I noticed nobody had said anything about the Assisted Living residents.”
Oliver shrugged. “I guess they didn’t have any problems.”
I wasn’t so sure. “Would it be all right if I checked?”
“Why?”
Because I thought something fishy was going on, that’s why. But I knew that wouldn’t fly, so I said, “So they wouldn’t feel that they were being neglected.”
He smiled and shook his head “If it’ll make you happy, go ahead.” Tolerant. He was probably sorry he’d ask me to join the committee.
Now that I had an opening, the following day I phoned Chet. I told him I was on the Health Committee and I was appointed to check on the patients. See if they had any complaints. So I stretched the truth a little.
Chet said, “Nobody from the committee has ever checked before. Why now?”
“Well you know Ollie. He takes his job seriously. Now, if was up to me…”
I heard Chet sigh. “What do you want to do?”
“I suppose I’d better ask each of the people in Assisted Living it they had any, you know, complaints.” I quickly added, “Or compliments.”
“I can save you the trouble. They don’t have any complaints.”
Because you have a lock on their mouths? 
I said, “Well Chet, I’d be less than honest if I reported to the committee that I’d done the checking myself. You how it is.”
Fortunately, he didn’t know how it was. After a moment of hesitation he said, “All right. Let me check the calendar and I’ll let you know when’s the best time.”
I knew if I waited for him to call I’d be in Assisted Living myself—or dead. “I tell you, Chet, I’m in and out most of the days. I’ll call you.” 
Take that, Buddy.

Chapter Twenty-Four
Over the course of the next four days, I tried to nail Chet down to make a date for my “inspection tour” of Assisted Living.
If I was making a nuisance of myself, it wasn’t for my lack of trying. My job wasn’t easy since he had two offices. One was in Assisted Living where he was Assistant Administrator. The other in Independent Living where he was the Resident Relations guru.
A year ago, when he had come to our apartment to welcome us, he assured me the “the door to my office is always open.” He was right about that. The door to his Resident Relations office was always open, but usually with a clock-face sign that needed winding. The hands never moved. Anyone who took the instruction to “Come in and have a seat,” could develop pressure sores on their buttocks.
I’d read enough detective stories to know how a stake-out works. The usual technique involves a surveillance vehicle, a fake laundry truck with tinted windows, and wearing an indwelling catheter. But since we were indoors, I improvised using a method I believe Raymond Chandler devised: Leaning against a lamppost, in this case the wall outside Chet’s office, reading a newspaper. Upside down. 
It worked.
Although he only spent a nanosecond in his office, I grabbed him trying to escape and sat him down in front of his calendar. It took only a couple of swats with a rubber hose for him to give me a date and time.

As I had found out before, it was easier going through airport security than getting into Assisted Living. But now I was in as the representative of a prestigious committee.
Accordingly, when Fredricka admitted me, she actually cracked a smile. On the elevator to the Assisted Living floor, we even made small talk. “Is it warm outside?” “Nice shirt you’ve got on.” Like that. I’d obviously misjudged her.
When we arrived at the Assisted Living floor she swept her hand around. “What would you like to see?”
“Can I see the residents?”
“Of course.”
Huh?
She knocked on the door to the first apartment we came to. A cheery, “Come in.” was the response. An attractive silver-haired woman wearing a robe was seated at the small table in the living room/bedroom filing her nails. She smiled. Hi, I’m Jean.”
I introduced myself, told her I was a member of the Health Services Committee. “I’m making rounds to see if everything is satisfactory.”
“I love this place. The food is good, the personnel are very helpful. I couldn’t be happier.”
I stuttered a few words, not being able to believe my ears. “Well, thank you for allowing me to visit.”
“You’re welcome.” 
I turned to go. Fredricka was behind me. She gave Jean a finger wave and said, “Shall we go to the next apartment, it’s across the hall?”
Still in a daze, I followed her. In the apartment a couple, fully dressed, were playing cards. 
After I introduced myself, the man said, “Hi, I’m Bob.”
His wife—I assumed she was his wife—said, “Hi, I’m Angie.” 
I gave them my “any complaints?” spiel.
Bob said. “No. The food is good, the personnel are very helpful.”
They appeared to be in good health, although Angie was thin and her complexion sallow.
I thanked them for allowing me to visit.
Bob said, “You’re welcome.”
Outside the apartment, Fredricka said, “Angie has some sort of blood condition. Bob can’t give her all the assistance she needs. That’s why they’re in Assisted Living”
We zigzagged down the corridor. At each apartment I got similar responses. They were pleased with the service, food and personnel.
I didn’t visit all the apartments. At four of them, Fredricka peeked in, put her finger to her lips and whispered, “They’re asleep.” 
The Rogers and Todds were out of their apartments. Larry and Christine Rogers were in physical therapy, and the Todds were involved in an activity in the Memory Section on another floor. I was disappointed in not being able to see them. They were really the only Assisted Living residents I knew. The others, Fredricka told me, had moved here before the Rogers or the Todds.
As we walked back to the elevator, Chet came out of the Administrator’s office.
“Well, did you unearth any problems?”
I shook my head. “No. Everyone is happy.”
He chuckled, polite enough to avoid the “I told you so.”
I was confused. I didn’t know what I expected to find, but my concerns about the place were unfounded. 

Chapter Twenty-Five
Back in my apartment, I picked up a book I’d been reading, but I couldn’t keep my mind on the pages. Something gnawed at my brain. How could I have been so wrong about the Assisted Living facility? These residents were pleased, and offered no complaints. 
I guess I had been turned off by what I perceived as a reluctance on the part of both Chet and Fredricka to allow me access to the floor. In addition, Fredricka hadn’t been the friendliest person on the planet during my first few visits. In retrospect, were those reasons to find fault with the facility? Certainly, during my “inspection tour” she couldn’t have been more affable. The problem, as I suspected, is me and my hypersensitivity.

A memo in my in-house mailbox read:
To: Independent Living Residents.
From: Kurt Berman, Administrator.
Since many of you have expressed an interest in the Care Center and Assisted Living, we have arranged an Open House tour of the building on Tuesday, May 10 starting at 3 PM 
All residents are welcome, but because space is limited, we can accommodate only the first 50 who sign up. Tours in groups of ten will be conducted by our staff. At the conclusion of the tour, light refreshments will be served in the Care Center Dining Room.
Sign up sheets will be available tomorrow in the Resident Relations Office

Any doubts I’d had about goings-on in the Assisted Living facility were now dispelled.
Although I’d seen the facility before, I was anxious to see it again. Maybe I’d missed something. 
Who am I kidding? The back of my mind still harbored a morsel of suspicion. I was unable to shake it loose.
I signed up Harriet and myself. Although I thought we’d be among the first, there were already thirty-five names on the sheet. By three in the afternoon, all fifty places had been filled.
The day before the scheduled tour, a notice in my box informed me that tour groups were staggered in ten-minute intervals. Harriet and I were in the third group, so we were to meet with our tour leader at the Care Center entrance at 3:30.
The notice laid down the ground rules for our visit.:

 Stay with your guide
You will be shown one of the vacant apartments in Assisted Living which has been furnished as a model apartment.
Two of the Assisted Living residents have graciously opened their apartment for inspection.
Please respect the privacy of the other residents whose doors are closed.
Enjoy your visit!	

On the appointed day and time, we and eight other residents from Independent Living met at the top of the ramp leading to the Care Center building, 
We were met by a guy who looked like a pro-bowl linebacker. His blond hair was pulled back in a short pony tail. He wore slacks and a white short-sleeved shirt. His torso and arm muscles made the seams of his shirt bulge. Broad shouldered and narrow-waisted, he could have been a candidate for Mr. America, or a double for Arnold Schwarzenegger He said, “Hello everybody. My name is Steve. I’ll be your guide for this tour. You have all read the instructions, no?” 
We nodded.
“Good. We will start in the Care Center and then go to the Assisted Living section. Any questions before we start?”
No questions.
Steve opened the door to the Care Center and ushered us in.
While we walked down the corridor, I tagged behind so I could have a word with Steve. “Are you part of the staff?”
“Yes. I’m an aide. I spend part of my time here in the Care Center, but mostly I help in Assisted Living.”
The two or three times I had been in Assisted Living, I hadn’t seen Steve. But then, I hadn’t spent much time there. Fredricka had seen to it that my visits were not prolonged.
Harriet pointed to one of the rooms we passed. . She whispered, “Isn’t that the room I was in?”
“I don’t remember. They all look alike to me.”
Steve stopped us in front of the nurses’ station and we formed a circle around him. “As you can see, the layout is like a hospital floor. In the wings on each side are the patients’ rooms.
Someone asked, “Private or semi-private?”
“Both.”
He went on to elaborate, explaining that our contract entitled us to a semi-private room, but for an additional fee we could have a private room. I’d heard most of this from our marketing person before we moved in.
Harriet stifled a yawn.
Steve showed us a vacant room, pointing out the amenities.
While he was explaining the nurses’ duties and the workings of a hospital floor, showing where medications and dressings were kept, another group of ten residents, led by Chet as their guide, passed behind us. They had apparently finished their visit in the Care Center and were headed for the next leg of their tour.
Steve answered a few questions from members of our group, then said, “We’ll now visit the Assisted Living floor.”
Yeah. This was what I’d signed up for. 
The elevator let us off at the next floor. Now I was in familiar territory.
Steve described the layout, similar to the Care Center without the nurses’ station. 
Someone asked, “Is there someone on call all the time?”
Steve nodded. “Twenty-four/seven.”
Someone else said, “I can see why someone would be needed in the Care Center. They’re all sick or recovering from a sickness or injury. But these people in Assisted Living aren’t sick. Isn’t it a waste of manpower? After all, we’re paying their salaries out of our monthly fees.”
Steve scratched his chin. “You’re right. During the day a staff person is always on the floor. But after we tuck them in at night, a nurse and an aide in the Care Center downstairs monitor any calls from Assisted Living residents.” 
“Has that happened often?”
Steve grinned. “Twice in the year-and-a-half I’ve been here. Any more questions? No? Let’s move on.”
He stopped in front of one of the apartments. The door was open. 
Steve said, “This is one of the model apartments.”
I had already seen the features, and remained at the door while Steve pointed them out. I glanced across the hall. The name plate next to the door read, “Gladys Andrews.”
 Gladys was in Assisted Living? We’d had dinner with her many times. She was fun to be with. Always had a good joke. Some would make a sailor blush. We’d seen her less than a week ago so she must have been a recent arrival on the Assisted Living floor. No great surprise. Gladys was quite severely crippled with arthritis. With her gnarled fingers, she could barely hold her knife and fork, or button her clothes. Her knees gave her so much pain, she couldn’t walk more than a dozen yards even with a walker. Since she was a widow, I often wondered how she was able to get along alone in her Independent Living apartment.
While the rest of my group was looking around the model apartment, I thought about saying hello to Gladys. But I remembered Steve’s admonition about not disturbing any of the occupants except those who offered to show their apartments. I’d visit Gladys another time.
Our next stop on the tour was at an occupied apartment. Since it would have been too crowded if we went in as a group, we looked in from the doorway, one at a time. The occupant was a woman, Jean, who I had seen on my inspection tour as a member of the Health Services Committee. She was seated at a small table, wearing, as before, a long robe. And, as before, filing her nails.
I said, “Hello Jean.” 
She smiled and, not surprisingly, didn’t appear to remember me. She said, “Hi. I’m Jean.”
“How is everything?”
“I love this place. The food is good, the personnel are very helpful. I couldn’t be happier.”
“Glad to hear it.” I almost added “again.” 
I moved on to let the next person have a look.
When Steve showed us the activities room, I shuddered thinking about the close call I’d had when I sneaked in through the “hidden door.”
We had come to the end of the tour. Steve took us back down to the Care Center floor. There, in the dining room, were refreshments: wine and small cakes. 
Two other groups were already in the room along with their guides. One was a strapping guy about thirty who could have been Steve’s brother. His name tag read Ernie. 
I said, “Are you on the staff here?”
“Yes, I’m an aide in Assisted Living.”
“You work with Steve?”
He nodded.
I said, “You look enough like Steve to be his brother. Are you?”
He laughed. “We’re cousins.”
“Are there any other aides in Assisted Living?”
“No.” He chuckled and flexed his biceps. “Do you think we need anyone else?” 
The other tour guide was Chet. I cornered him.
“Chet, I noticed that Gladys Andrews is on the Assisted Living floor. When did she move in?”
“Yesterday. Do you know her?”
“Yes, Harriet and I have spent some time with her. As long as I’m here, can I run up there and say hello?” 
Chet chewed on one of the small cakes. “I don’t see why not.”
It was so easy, I thought he may have misunderstood me, but I wasn’t going to wait for him to reneg.
I eased out of the room and headed for the elevator. Any minute, I expected to feel an arm on my shoulder pulling me back.
The elevator took me up to the Assisted Living floor, and so far it had been clear sailing. No one was in sight so I sauntered down the corridor. I knocked at Gladys’ door.
“Come in.”
Gladys was seated at a small table. She greeted me with a warm smile. “I’m so glad to see you, Henry. Actually, I ‘m glad to see anybody.”
“Even me.”
She laughed. “You know I didn’t mean it that way. You and Harriet are my favorite people.”
I gazed around. All her belongings had been put away. She followed my gaze. “The staff was a big help in my move.”
“That was yesterday?”
“Uh-huh. I’d been thinking about moving here for quite a while. It’s been so hard doing even simple things by myself. Here I just have to press this button. It’s connected to an intercom somewhere. I tell the voice on the other end what I need and, presto someone is at my door.
“Who comes?”
“An aide, Ernie. If it’s something like helping me dress or bathe, a woman comes. I think her name is Francine.”
“Fredricka?”
“That’s it. A big gal. She’s been very helpful.”
“Efficient but a little officious?”
Gladys smiled. “She is a little brusque. But I suppose it comes with dealing with us old cripples. ”
Fredricka was still the dear person who considered everyone her enemy. Except for the one time I had visited on my Health Services inspection rounds, she was her usual grumpy self.
I asked Gladys if there was anything she needed.
“No thanks. “
“Well, I’ll be back to see you soon, and Harriet will too.”
On my way out I glanced inside the bathroom. On the sink was a bottle of tablets. “I see you’re taking some medicine.” 
“Yes. One of the aides brought it for me. He said it was for my arthritis.”
My curiosity as an ex-pharmaceutical executive took over. “Mind if I have a look?”
“Be my guest.”
I shook out one of the tablets. Its color and shape was identical to one of the products we had distributed. Sopforex. The most powerful sleep medicine on the market. It was mostly used for heavy sedation when a procedure required something just short of a general anesthetic.
“This is for your arthritis?”
“That’s what Ernie, the aide who brought it, said. Is it something you’re familiar with?”
I hesitated. Maybe it was something that looked like Sopforex, but was really for arthritis. “I’m not sure. Have you taken any?”
“No. He just brought it today. I’m to take it tonight.”
I looked at the label: Take two at bedtime.
Two! If this was what I thought it was, two tablets would put her in dreamland. Forever. Respiratory arrest. Like smothering someone with a pillow.
I didn’t want to alarm her. I could be wrong. “Can I take one of these?”
“Do you have arthritis too?”
“Yeah. I’ve got some in my back. Maybe this will be better than what I’m taking. If it is, I can get my doctor to prescribe it.”
“Take as many as you want. I’m sure I can get more.”
I didn’t want her taking the stuff until I’d had it analyzed. I made like I had fumbled and dropped the bottle on the floor. The few tablets it contained rolled around on the floor. “Oh damned. I’m so clumsy. I’m sorry Gladys.”
She flipped a hand. “Don’t worry about it. I’m sure they’ll bring me another supply.”
That’s what I was afraid of. I retrieved the tablets from under her bed and dresser, and palmed them. “These are filthy. I’ll toss them down the toilet.” I faked dropping them in the toilet bowl and flushed it.
Someone knocked. 
Gladys said, “Come in.”
Ernie, the aide, came in, stared at me with a frown. He slid his gaze to Gladys. “I see you have a visitor. I’ll come back later.”
Gladys said, “Before you go, I dropped the bottle of arthritis pills you brought. Would you get me a replacement?” 
He looked from Gladys to me and back to her. “Yeah. But I won’t be able to get the—uh medicine until tomorrow.”
Best news I’d heard today.
After he left, Gladys whispered. “He’s always so surly. Never smiles. Makes me shiver.”
“Want me to say something to Chet? Maybe tell this Ernie to cool it?” 
She held up a hand. “No. Please don’t. I don’t want to get the reputation that I’m a complainer.”
 I shrugged.” Up to you. But I’ll be back, and I’ll bring Harriet.”
.“Give her my love.” She threw me a kiss.
I hurried out. I had a big job to do before tomorrow.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Back in my apartment, I started my rush project: Find out if the tablets I’d taken from Gladys Andrews were really Sopforex.
 Let’s see, it was six o’clock here. Back in Decatur, Illinois it was eight. Not too late to phone.
Jim Shute was my ex-company’s senior chemist. He was brilliant. He was also a little nutty. I caught him at home. 
“I need a favor, Jim.”
“Shoot. Get it? Jim Shute.”
“Yeah, yeah. I got it. Let’s cut the crap. I need an ID on some tablets.”
“So look it up in your PDR.”
The Physicians’ Desk Reference had color illustrations of most of the tablets and capsules manufactured. I said, “I can’t depend entirely on the appearance. I need a chemical analysis to be sure.”
“Send the tablets to me.”
“Take too long. I need an answer now. Like yesterday.”
I had a thought. I wanted Jim to see them. I’d Skype him.
Skype is a computer application that allows you to see and hear someone else. Remember when a video phone was something in the future? Well, the future was now. 
I said, “Jim, do you have Skype?”
“Does the bear shit in the woods? Is the Pope—?”
“Enough already with the corny clichés. I take that as a yes.”
I got his Skype address, and in a few minutes we were looking at and talking to each other as though we were both in the same room. Modern technology!
I held the tablets up to the web camera. “Recognize these?”
“You know as well as I do. They’re Sopforex.”
“I have to be sure. Is there someone here who can do a stat chemical analysis?”
“You don’t need a chemical analysis. Besides it would take too long if you need it in a hurry. Maybe you remember we got our Sopforex for distribution from Cosmic Chemical. They use a marker in the drugs they manufacture so they can spot counterfeiters.”
“How do I find the marker?”
“Grind up one of the tablets and drop it in a weak acid. Acetic acid will do. If it’s their Sopforex the liquid will turn red.”
“Where am I going to get acetic acid? I can’t take the time to get it from—.”
Jim interrupted. “Jesus, Callins. Didn’t you go to high school? You can get it in any grocery store. It’s called vinegar, you dummy.”
Of course. I knew that.
After we disconnected, I looked through our kitchen cupboard and found a bottle of white vinegar. I put some in a glass and dumped in one of the tablets I had crushed to a powder. The solution turned blood red. Sopforex, no question about it.
Now what?

Chapter Twenty-Seven
I couldn’t believe that someone had purposely given Gladys this powerful sleep-inducer. The logical conclusion was that someone had made a mistake. Another instance of giving a patient the wrong medication or dose. 
Who to blame? Ernie, the aide who’d brought the “arthritis medicine” to her? The person who prescribed it? The pharmacy that had filled the prescription? The chain of responsibility was long, and at this point was less important than preventing her from getting it again.
The job of rectifying the error was beyond my pay-grade. It had to go to someone in authority. That would be Kurt Berman, the Administrator of Assisted Living. In the past, I had found him to be inaccessible. But I could reach his assistant, Chet.
It was past seven in the evening. This couldn’t wait until morning. Chet, I knew lived in a condo not far from The Bowers. If I ever knew his last name, I had forgotten it.
I phoned the concierge and identified myself. “I have to reach Chet. Can you give me his home phone number?”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Callins, but we’re not allowed—.”
“But this is an emergency.”
“Want me to call 911?”
“No. It’s not kind of emergency.”
After a moment of hesitation she said, “I can try to reach him on his pager and tell him to call you.”
Why didn’t she say that in the first place?
Ten minutes later Chet called. “Hi Henry. What’s the emergency?”
It was a little complicated to tell him over the phone. “Are you at home?”
“No. I’m here on the Assisted Living floor. I had some— um, work to do.”
“Chet, would you come down to my apartment? Or would you rather meet me somewhere here in the building?”
“Nothing you’d want to discuss on the phone?”
“I’d rather do it face-to-face.”
“Okay. I’ll come down to your apartment.”
Fifteen minutes later, we were seated opposite each other in my living room, Harriet was in the bedroom watching “Want to be A Millionaire?” on TV.
I told Chet about the Sopforex Gladys had been given as an arthritis medicine, and that I’d seen to it that it was destroyed. “If you don’t know anything about the drug, I can tell you it’s a high octane knock-out pill.”
His brow wrinkled. “What’s the name of the stuff again?”
“Sopforex. Someone obviously made a big boo-boo giving it to her.”
“Who gave it to her?”
“Ernie. But I doubt he knew what it was. Probably the error was made by the pharmacy. Maybe the prescription was written in ‘doctor script.’ I think they take a med school course in writing illegibly.”
Chet scratched his chin. “Well, the first thing we have to do is see that she doesn’t get it again—or any of the other people on the floor. Then, I’ll find out why it happened.”
“I knew I could count on you to straighten things out.”
Relieved, I let Chet out and joined Harriet in finding out how to become a millionaire. With an increase in the monthly fee coming up, I needed the dough.

Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chet phoned me the next day. “I’ve straightened out the snafu about Gladys’ pills. Thought you’d want to know.”
I sure did. “Thanks, Chet. Who made the mistake?”
“It’s a long story. I don’t have time to go into the details right now. Besides, we still have an investigation ongoing. Some other time we can discuss it, right?”
I was relieved and didn’t really care who made the mistake.
“While I have you on the phone,” I said, “I’d like to come up and see the Rogers and the Todds. Can you let me in?” 
“Sure. What time.”
That was so easy I had trouble believing it. I was also going to add Gladys to the list, but I didn’t want to push my luck
“Is one this afternoon okay?”
He hesitated. Uh-oh. Maybe it wasn’t so easy after all. Finally, Chet said, “I have a meeting, but I’ll arrange for one of the aides to see that you get in.”
At 1 PM I was at the locked door and announced my presence over the intercom. 
It was opened by Ernie, the aide, and we rode the elevator to the Assisted Living floor. I raised my hand to knock at the door to the Rogers’ apartment. Ernie said, “You don’t have to. They’re expecting you.”
I went in, leaving Ernie outside. Larry and Christine were seated side-by-side on the small couch, their legs covered by a blanket. Christine was smiling, and Larry’s lips drew to the side opposite his paralysis. 
“Hi Larry. Christine.”
“Hi.” In unison. 
Larry’s speech seemed more coherent than it had been at any time since his stroke.
“Hey Larry, you’re making progress. Must be the speech therapist.”
“Yes. The speech therapist.” It came out slurred, but certainly understandable.
Christine looked over at Larry. “The speech therapist has helped Larry.”
“How often do you go to speech therapy?
Larry looked at Christine. She shrugged a shoulder. “I forget.”
“That’s okay.” I really didn’t care. I was making conversation. “Do you hear from Helen?” Their daughter.
Christine said, “Oh yes.”
I had promised Helen I’d keep her informed about her parents’ welfare, but this was the first time I’d seen them since I ‘d reported to her after receiving her letter. Since she’d been in touch with them directly, there was no need for me to report what she probably all ready knew: they were fine. 
I couldn’t think of anything else to talk about, and they didn’t initiate any more conversation. After a moment of silence I told them I was glad to see them. “I’ll pay a return visit soon. Goodbye for now.”
Again in unison, “Goodbye.”
I left, chiding myself for not spending more time with them. But they didn’t seem very talkative, and being more or less confined, they probably had little else to talk about.
Ernie was down the hall and walked over to me as I came out of the apartment. 
“Was there another party you wanted to see? Chet said there were two.”
“Yes. As long as I’m here, I want to see the Todds.”
“Sure.”
“I forget where their place is.”
“Follow me.” 
He walked me down the corridor, past the Administrator’s Office and around the bend to the other wing. The Todds’ apartment was the second from the end of the corridor. Next to the Activities Room. Cattycorner from the one marked “Staff Only.”
I knocked, but when there was no response after a few minutes, Ernie shrugged and opened the door.
Frank and Mary were side by side on their small couch, similar to the Rogers. A blanket was draped over their legs. The room did seem rather chilly. .Both smiled when they saw me.
“Hi, Frank. Mary.”
“Hi.” In unison. 
“How’s the world treating you?”
Frank said, “The world?”
I snickered. “Just a figure of speech. Are you two doing okay?”
Mary said, “We’re doing okay.”
“Just okay? Not fine and dandy?”
Frank said, “Fine and dandy. Right, Mary?”
She nodded. “Fine and dandy.”
“Well we’ve got that out of the way. What have you two done lately?”
Frank glanced at Mary. “What have we done lately, Mary?” 
I had almost forgotten that Frank was getting shorter and shorter in the memory department. 
Mary said, “We haven’t done much lately. We eat and sleep.”
Frank echoed, “We eat and sleep.”
It seemed to me that they should arrange for some more activities for these people. After all, they couldn’t get around because of their disabilities. I know how boring it must be to sit around and look at each other.
I said, “Aren’t there lectures and movies for the folks on this floor?
Mary said, “There are lectures and movies.”
“Do you both attend them?”
Mary said, “Yes. We attend them.”
Frank said, “Yes, We attend them.” 
Poor Frank. He was getting worse. I felt just as sorry for Mary. Crippled by her osteoporosis, there wasn’t much she could do.
“Do you read, Mary?”
“Yes, I read.”
On the bed stand was a book. I craned to see the title, but couldn’t make it out.
“What are you reading now?”
“We watch TV a lot.”
That didn’t answer my question, but I wasn’t about to make an issue of it.
Frank said, “We watch TV a lot.”
I searched my mind to find something to talk about, but Frank’s apparent increasing dementia made me uncomfortable. I just wanted out. I said goodbye after promising to come back another time.
I left and closed the door. Ernie, my keeper, was not in sight.
Across the hall was the Staff Room. Ernie probably was in there waiting for me. I knocked, but there was no response. I tried the doorknob, and to my amazement it was not locked. Curious as to what was beyond that door, I looked up and down the corridor and seeing no one, went into the room.
It was divided into two large rooms. The one close to the entrance was a sitting room. A cot was against the wall, probably for one of the aides to grab a little sack time.
The second room, separated by an archway, was darkened, but I could make out what appeared to be a long table and an array of artists’ paints and brushes. One wall held a large fiberboard square on which were as assortment of tools. A workroom.
Ernie still hadn’t made an appearance so I took a few hesitant steps into the workroom. In the dim light I could see on the table a bulky object covered by a sheet. A body? I drew the sheet back a few inches from one end. And looked into the face of Gladys Andrews!

Chapter Twenty-Nine
My knees buckled. I thought I was about to pass out. Or throw up. Or both. I rested my hands on the edge of the table for a moment. I shook my head to get rid of the cobwebs, and looked at the sheet for signs of breathing. I knew I wouldn’t find any. Gladys was dead. Poor Gladys.
I immediately thought about the Sopforex, the potent sleep-inducer. She must have gotten a replacement for the tablets and took them in spite of my warning. I felt bile rise up in my throat.
I also felt the need to get out of this room as fast as I could. I hadn’t been in it more than a minute or two, but it felt as though it had been an eternity.
I bolted for the door, and closed it behind me—just as Ernie appeared at the far end of the corridor. He hurried toward me, glancing from the Staff Room door to me.
“Hey, you didn’t go in there, did you?”
I shook my head. “It’s locked, isn’t it?”
He looked relieved. “Yeah. Finished with your visit to the Todds?”
“Yeah. Let’s go.”
I wanted to get out of this place, off this floor as fast as I could. I hoped Ernie hadn’t gotten a good look at my face. I’d felt the blood drain out.
On wobbly legs, I followed him to the elevator and down to the door of the building. I murmured a thanks as he let me out.
Back in my apartment, Harriet was, as usual, glued to the TV screen. Thank God for the boob box. She couldn’t concentrate enough to read a book, and I couldn’t be her constant companion and entertainer. Her short term memory loss wasn’t bad enough to warrant a fulltime companion. Yet it wasn’t good enough to go places outside the building unaccompanied. Besides, she’d promptly fired every person I’d hired to take her for walks and shopping.
Because she’d been found wandering the hallways looking for the elevator, each year the Wellness Center gave her a memory test. She’d passed with colors, while not flying, they were at least indicative that she was still with it. Whatever ‘it’ meant.
 “I can spell ‘world’ backwards. Want to hear?” she said for the tenth time. This week.
I wasn’t sure she could spell it forwards, but the letters d-l-r-o-w rolled off her tongue without a moment of hesitation. 
I said, “Gladys Andrews died.”
“Who? And before I forget, there was a phone call for you.”
“Who called?” I knew the answer before the words left her lips.
“I forget.”
As expected.
She pointed to the kitchen counter. “I wrote the name down.”
The memo pad I’d left was blank. “Where’d you write it?”
Her eyes never left the TV screen. “It’s there, somewhere.”
In the margin of a newspaper lying on the kitchen counter next to the phone, was a scribble. It looked like Gladys.
“Was it Gladys?”
“If that’s what it says.”
I knew only one Gladys. And she lay on a table, lifeless. Probably waiting for an undertaker to take her on her last journey.
“Gladys Andrews?”
“I think so.”
“I just told you, she died.”
“Maybe that’s what she called to tell you.”
I counted to ten. “When did she call?” Maybe she had called while she was still alive. 
“Just before you came in.”
“Do you remember, or are you guessing?”
“What’s the matter with you? It was just before you came in. Stephen Colbert had just introduced a guest on his show, and I had to answer the phone. When I came back to the program I didn’t remember who the guest was. She said to call her back.”
“Who Gladys?”
Harriet looked up from the screen. Her eyes hooded. “Are you out of your mind? If the note says Gladys, it’s Gladys.”
I knew it was senseless, but I dialed her number. 
“Hello.”
Jesus. It was Gladys’ voice. 
“Gladys Andrews?”
“Who are you calling?”
I stammered, “Gladys, it’s—it’s Henry. Callins.”
“Oh. Henry! Hmm. I love Oh Henrys. The candy bar.”
I’d heard that lame joke since I was a fifth-grader. “Heh heh.”
I was talking to a ghost.
“I’m so glad you called back. I have a question. I hope you don’t mind, but I know you were in the pharmaceutical business and since I couldn’t get hold of my doctor, I thought you could give me an answer.”
It was Gladys. Had I mistaken the dead person on the table for Gladys? I put my thoughts in reverse, back to that Staff Room. Back to the table on which she lay. Gladys’ face. Gladys’ hair. Her features were so distinguished I couldn’t be mistaken.
“Henry, are you still there?”
I wasn’t sure where I was, but I said, “Sorry. What’s the question again?”
She explained that a week ago, her doctor had prescribed some medicine for her arthritis and she was concerned that it might interfere with the tablets she’d been given in Assisted Living.
“You mean the tablets that I dropped?”
“Uh-huh. They were nice enough to replace them. Although I bet there’ll be an extra charge.”
“The same color and size as the ones I dropped on the floor?”
“Henry, put your hearing aide in.”
“You haven’t taken any yet, have you?’
“No. I waited until I asked you.”
Thank God! But still, if the dead person on the table wasn’t Gladys, who was it? If it was Gladys, who was I just talking to? “I’ll have to look it up,” I said. “But hold off taking them until I either call or see you.”
 

Chapter Thirty
I had to see Gladys again. The Gladys to whom I’d just spoken. 
I phoned Chet and told him I wanted to visit her.
He said, “Gosh, This is really a bad time. They’re all at a lecture in the Activities Room. When it’s over, it’ll be time for food tray delivery. They go to bed after dinner. I’m afraid you’ll to wait until tomorrow.”
I was disappointed, but I supposed there was no real urgency now that I’d told her not to take the Sopforex. If it really was Gladys. And the medication she’d been given was really Sopforex.
To say I was confused would be like saying the sun would go down in the evening. 
Chet was good as his word. He phoned at ten the next morning. “Okay, Hank, you can come over to see Gladys Andrews if you still want to see her.”
Hank? Nobody had called me Hank since I was in Little League baseball. Nothing wrong with the name, but I didn’t like it. I said, “Thanks, Chester.”
He chuckled. “The last person who called me Chester was my father when he was about to use the strop on my behind. I really prefer Chet.”
“I really prefer Henry.”
“Touché. You coming over—Henry?”
“I’ll be there in ten.”
Chet was at the door when I arrived. He let me in and apologized for misnaming me.
As we passed Jean’s open apartment door, I grabbed Chet’s arm.
 “Hold it a moment. I want to say hello to someone.”
I leaned into the doorway. Jean was sitting next to a small table, wearing a long robe, filing her nails. Every time I’d seen her she was filing her nails. By now she should have filed them down to the cuticles, but from what I could see they were long with crimson polish. I said, “Hi.”
She looked up, smiled and said, “Hi, I’m Jean.”
I remembered who she was, but apparently didn’t remember me. “Just passing by. Wanted to say hello. And goodbye.” 
I rejoined Chet and we went on to Gladys’ apartment. She was sitting up in bed, reading. I did a double take. Gladys was alive and apparently well. Chet said, “I’ll leave you two for a few minutes. I’ve got some work to do.”
I said, “How’s everything going, Gladys?
“Fine.”
“Listen. About the pills—.”
She said, “I took them.”
Oh Lord!
I said, “I told you to wait until…never mind.” If she’d already taken them there was nothing I could do. But I was surprised that she didn’t look the worse for it. Maybe I’d been wrong about their effect. Maybe I’d been wrong about the dead Gladys. 
I remembered she’d been unhappy with the unpleasant attitude of the staff. Ernie and Fredricka in particular. “How are you getting along with the staff now?”
“I couldn’t be more pleased with the service. Everyone’s so helpful and pleasant.”
“Huh?” Someone must have gotten to them. I changed the subject. “What’s that you’re reading?”
“A book.”
I could see that. “Who wrote it?”
She shrugged. “I don’t know.”
All she had to do was look at the book’s spine, but I saw no point in making an issue of it. I was still confused about the Sopforex. “You said you took the pills.”
“I took the pills.”
“And how do you feel?”
“Fine. Fine, Hank.”
Hank? Again? I’d known her almost two years. She’d never called me Hank before. First Chet, now her. I didn’t want to embarrass her by correcting her. Trying to make conversation, I said, “Any complaints?”
 “No. The food is good. I couldn’t be more pleased with the service. Everyone’s so helpful and pleasant.”
Like all the Assisted Living residents. I felt I was listening to a broken record.
As confused as I was, at least I’d satisfied myself that Gladys—this Gladys—was alive. Who the dead body I’d seen on that table belonged to, I had no idea. I said, “Well, I’ll be going now that I know everything is all right. Goodbye for now.”
“Goodbye for now.”
I didn’t go directly to my apartment. Something bothered me. I couldn’t put my finger on what it was, and I needed time to sort things out. Harriet, I knew, would be at the blaring TV and I couldn’t think clearly with some game show host shouting. I decided to take a walk and try to figure it out, step-by-step.
I’d always prided myself as being an analytical person. I suppose what disturbed me more than anything was my inability to put things in order—at least as it pertained to what was going on in Assisted Living.
Suddenly, I realized what it was. Tranquility. Everyone with whom I had come in contact was tranquil. They were content to the point of floating on clouds. Even Gladys, who before she’d been moved to Assisted Living was raucous with her bawdy jokes and a loud laugh. So distinctive a laugh, that even from the far end of the dining room everyone who heard it nodded and said, “That’s Gladys.” Now, she like everyone else on the floor, was subdued.
In spite of the denial by Fredricka that these people were not sedated, I knew they were drugged.
In my position as head of the pharmaceutical company, I had seen people, volunteers, who in the course of clinical trials of medications had received heavy doses of tranquilizers. The purpose was to see how large a dose could be tolerated. Compared to the tranquility of these Assisted Living residents, those tranquillized volunteers were frenetic.
There was no way I could verify my suspicion—no, my strong belief—that they were given something to make them docile as lambs. And it made sense. These were people who, in spite of their disabilities, sat around with nothing to keep them from being bored to the point of tearing out their hair and yelling. Drugging them was one way to make them manageable, 
Maybe there was a way of finding out what they were getting.
Places like hospitals and nursing homes, where medications were dispensed, stored them in medicine cabinets. I hadn’t seen any in the Administrator’s Office when I met Kurt Berman. I’d seen a medicine cabinet in the nurses’ station downstairs in the Care Center, but it didn’t appear likely that medications for residents in Assisted Living would be transported from there. My logic told me the cabinet had to be in the only other place: the room marked Staff Only. 
I had it figured out. At night, calls from Assisted Living were monitored by an aide and nurse in the Care Center. Steve had told us on the tour that night calls from Assisted Living were rare. Meaning if someone, guess who, could somehow get into Assisted Living after bedtime, he or she could investigate without a staff member around to interfere.
I fingered the lock-picking tools I carried in my pocket. 
At night, tonight… 

Chapter Thirty-One
I was getting so adept at lock-picking, I could open my practice lock with my eyes closed or in the dark. And it took only a minute or less.
At 10 PM Harriet was bedded down. Sleep was one thing she did well. I dressed and quietly left the apartment. I doubted that anyone monitored the elevator, so I took it down. If security stopped me I was prepared to tell them I couldn’t sleep and was going for a walk.
The garage door was down and locked, but the door leading into it was not. Something about fire laws.
I accepted the invitation, and two lock-picked doors later I stood in the unlit Staff Room. Using a mag light, I searched the walls.
Voila! In the work room was the cabinet’s glass door through which I could see shelves containing bottles of tablets and capsules. I congratulated myself for the deduction.
Before opening the cabinet, I flicked a glanced at the table on which Gladys II still lay. Or more correctly, lay still. I had no desire to see it/her again, knowing it/she couldn’t be Gladys.
I reached up to open the medications cabinet and look for the tranquilizer I knew would be there, when a muscular arm encircled my neck in a choke hold. 
The choke hold was blocking my airway. I could smell the armpit sweat, heard the heavy breathing of the person holding me. I struggled, kicked back connecting with something hard. A shin. I heard a grunt and the choke hold tightened. The person holding me half-carried, half-dragged me back to the other room.
My lungs cried for air and I felt myself growing faint.  In the blackness before my eyes I saw colored balls. I was about to pass out. I did pass out. 
When I came to, I was seated in a chair, a band of duct tape binding me to the chairback. My captor was behind me winding more duct tape around my chest and legs. Another piece of tape was placed over my eyes, and still another over my mouth. An Egyptian mummy had less binding. I was thankful I could breath, but my heart was pounding. 
I heard, “Yeah I got him. What do you want me to do with him?” He was talking on a phone. Silence while he listened. Then, “Don’t worry. I’ll wait till you get here. He ain’t going nowhere.”
He may be strong, but his grammar could use some polish.
I heard the crackle of a walkie-talkie. “We need you down here, stat. One-oh-six has thrown another seizure.”
“Zimmerman again?”
Crackle, crackle.” You got it.”
“Shit.” Then. “Hey you. Stay here till I get back. Heh, Heh.”
A comic.
I heard the door shut. Had he left? 
I struggled against my bindings, but they held fast.
I tried to pull one of my arms up, but the tape was around my upper arm and forearm as well. I wore a shirt and he hadn’t taken it off, so the cloth of the sleeve was between the tape and my skin. Again I tried bringing my arm up through the sleeve. The duct tape held it securely to the chairback. If I could get a little slack in the tape, I could slip my arm up and free it. Using all my energy I strained to push my arm away from my body and the chairback. It was enough to stretch the tape; I could pull my arm up a little way. If I leaned toward the opposite side, I could hike my shoulder up and pull my arm further out of the bindings.
Blinded by the tape, I stopped what I was doing and listened. I heard no objections, no nothing. I was alone. At least, if he was in the room he didn’t see what I was trying to do.
Pulling my arm up through the sleeve was painful, but gradually, slowly, I inched my arm up until it was free of the binding. I had one arm out. Partway home free. 
I shook the arm which was cramping, then ripped the tape off my eyes and mouth.
The change from dark to light had me blinking. I swept my gaze around the room. I had been left alone. For how long, I had no way of knowing. I assumed muscle-man would be back. Soon.
Now that I could see what I was doing, I frantically searched for the end of the tape, but it was behind the back of the chair. I tried to feel back along the edge of the tape until I felt the end. I broke two fingernails until I was able to peel it back an inch. Suddenly, my arm cramped and the edge I had freed dropped from my grasp. When I groped behind me I found it had again adhered to the underlying tape. Once peeled off however, it was less sticky, and with effort, I gradually unwound it from my body, the other arm and the chair back. I thought I’d never get it free, but once I could pull my other arm out, the rest was easy.
After I’d unwound the tape holding my legs, I could stand, wobbly at first, but I was free—at least from my bindings. I looked at the closed door and realized I was far from being really free.
I’d done my Houdini act, but I wasn’t about to wait around for the applause. I had to get out of the room, and off the Assisted Living floor. But fast.
I sneaked a look down the corridor. There was no one in sight. I didn’t know this Zimmerman person, and didn’t wish him bad luck, but I hoped his seizure was Grand mal to tie up the guy who’d tied me up, for as long as possible. 
A fly on the wall looking down on this 79-year-old crock tippy-toeing out of the room, picking a lock on the “hidden door,” and tearing ass out of the garage, would be laughing its compound, multi-lens eyes out. But to me it wasn’t comical. These guys, whoever they were didn’t joke around. 
I used a side entrance to get into the Independent Living building and evaded a dozing security guard to take the elevator to my floor.
I knew that not only my life was in danger but Harriet’s as well. I awoke her and said, “Hurry and throw on some clothes.”
She opened an eye. “Huh?”
“We’ve got to get out of here.” I didn’t want to alarm her by telling her that any minute someone could be using a pass key to charge into our apartment and do us the unmentionable.
She slurred, “What’s the hurry?”
“There’s a sale on at Nordstrom. Half-price.” I knew that would get her moving.
“Oh good. I need a pink blouse. I wonder if that will be on sale too.”
“Yeah. Everything. But it’ll be gone unless we move along.”
It was dark outside, but I doubt she noticed.
I kept prodding her, casting a wary eye toward the door. I was sure that by now they’d found I’d gone missing, and would be searching the logical place for me to have gone: my apartment.
Harriet was now dressed. She started putting on her make-up, a fifteen-minute operation. But I told her to grab her lipstick and come.
She protested. “You want me to go to Nordstrom looking like this?”
“Just flash your charge card. They won’t give a damn what you look like.”
I grabbed her arm, and with her shoes in her hand, dragged her to the elevator. Before I’d pushed the down button, I heard the whine of the elevator in the shaft. Someone was coming up. At eleven-thirty at night the only ones who’d be coming up would be the ones coming for me and Harriet. We charged across the hall to the service elevator. It crawled to our floor and as we got in, I heard the passenger elevator door open. 
The security guard at the back door of the building was not in sight when we arrived at the first floor. We ducked out to the street. So far, we’d made it.
Getting my car was out of the question since I didn’t know which part of the multi-floor garage the valets had parked it. So we hurried down the street to get away from the building and our pursuers.
The only place open was an all-night MacDonald’s half a block away. As we panted in, Harriet said, “Remember, I need a pink blouse.”
How could I forget.
Harriet looked around the restaurant. “This isn’t Nordstrom.”
I said, “You wouldn’t want to shop on an empty stomach, would you?”
“I guess not.”
I ordered cups of coffee and when we were seated, I contemplated my next move. 

Chapter Thirty-Two
In a state like ours, with retirees as thick as flies on road-kill, the authorities take Elder Abuse very seriously. Their definition of Elder Abuse encompasses everything from shoving in front of an oldster in a movie queue, to murder. To avoid falling into the latter category, I fished out my cell phone and dialed 911. I told the operator I wanted to report a potential double-homicide (mine and Harriet’s.) “Please connect me with the police department.”
“Sir, is the homicide in progress or has it already occurred?”
“Let’s not argue semantics. Send the police to the MacDonald’s on…” I gave her the address.
The two police cars with flashing rooftop bubble-gum arrived so fast I thought they might have been waiting down the street.
Guns drawn, two police officers charged into the restaurant.
One, a well-fed, red-haired young man gazed from side-to-side. “Where’s the body?”
With difficulty, I tried to explain that the murder hadn’t occurred yet. 
He demanded, “Is there, or is there not a double homicide here.”
“Not exactly.”
After five minutes of my stumbling through an explanation, I could see the cop’s eyes narrowing, the wheels in his head churning while he debated whether or not to take us to the loony bin. Finally, he decided my problem did not fit his job description. He said, “Why don’t the two of you get in my car and discuss it with someone who speaks your language.”

Harriet gazed around Detective Mark Wilson’s cubicle in police headquarters then lamented that this didn’t look like any Nordstrom she’d ever been in. 
Wilson’s brow wrinkled. 
I poured out the entire story of what I’d seen going on at the Restful Bowers’ Assisted Living facility. “People there are being tranquilized until they’re like zombies.”
 He obviously was skeptical.
“Look, detective, we’re going to have to do something quickly. Lives are at stake.”
“Whose?”
“My wife’s and mine.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“I don’t know. You’re the detective. Get a warrant. Search the place yourself.”
He snickered. “Look, Mr. Whatever Your Name is—.”
“Callins. Henry Callins.”
“Mr. Callins, I go to my chief with a cock-and-bull story like you give me, he’d take my badge and gun and refer me to a shrink.”
I was getting nowhere. “Okay, forget it.” I grabbed Harriet’s arm and started to walk out of the police station. I wasn’t sure what I’d do but I’d have to think of something.
Wilson held up a hand. “Wait a minute. Let’s us all go see the chief. You tell him what you told me. Fair enough?”
“Fair enough.”
Chief of Detectives McBride was a beer-bellied man with a fringe of gray hair surrounding a bald pate. He sat drumming the top of his desk with his fingertips while I repeated my saga. When I finished, he looked at Wilson. “Where’d you find this flake?”
I was boiling. Frustrated. I pointed to the sign on his wall. 
I yelled. “How about serving and protecting like it says?”
He flipped a hand. “Calm down, Sir. You say you want us to get a search warrant. Maybe you don’t know that we’d have to go before a judge with a reasonable excuse to invade a person’s privacy.”
“Isn’t saving minds and lives a reasonable excuse?”
He shook his head. “Look, put yourself in my place. Some citizen—.”
I interrupted. “Some flake.”
“All right. Maybe I was a little out of line.”
“Maybe? A little?”
“Okay. You made your point. Like I was saying, some citizen walks in with a story that’s like out of thriller-fiction, wouldn’t you think it’s far-fetched?”
I had to agree. “But if I didn’t see it I wouldn’t believe it.”
“That’s my point, exactly.” He glanced over at Detective Wilson. “Check it out, Mark. If it’s legit we’ll…I’ll figure something out. Oh, and take Hodges with you. From what he says there are women involved.” He addressed me. “Detective Margie Hodges. In case women have to be, you know, examined.”
Chief McBride stood up and extended his hand. I thanked him. 
Harriet said, “What about my pink blouse?”

Chapter Thirty-Three
I was seated alongside a bewildered Harriet in the back seat of Wilson’s city-issued Crown Vic, as we were driven back to Restful Bowers. It was already 1 AM.
I said to Wilson, “How do you intend to play this?”
“By ear. We go in, tell them we have a report that some patients in the—what did you call it?”
“Assisted Living.”
“…Assisted Living were being overdosed with medicine and we had to check out the report.”
I could visualize one of the aides, Steve or Ernie, blocking the way. Kurt Berman and Chet would not likely be around this time of night—unless they were still looking for me. 
I said, “You know you’re going to get some flak. They’re not going to let you see them.”
“Don’t worry I can handle it.” He didn’t add, “without your help.”
“What if they ask to see your warrant?”
From the shotgun seat, Detective Margie Hodges turned around. “In an emergency, where we suspect a life is in danger, we don’t need a warrant.”
Wilson said, “You know, it might help if you could give us a name. Somebody who is, according to you, being drugged.”
I thought for a moment. “Gladys Andrews. She’ll tell you she’s fine. But they’ve put the words in her mouth. I can assure you that even if she looks normal, she’s not.”
“Who’s ‘they’?”
“Either one of the aides or the administrator, Kurt Berman or his assistant, Chet. I don’t know Chet’s last name.”
When we pulled into the entrance to The Bowers, a red ambulance was already parked there.
An EMT came around and leaned into the front car window. He addressed Wilson. “We asked some security guy to take us to the emergency, but he said he didn’t know there was any. What is this, a false alarm?”
I said, “It’s no false alarm. Tell him the report was about Gladys Andrews in Assisted Living.”
He shrugged and started for the lobby carrying a large bag that I assume held his emergency material. 
Wilson called, “Wait a minute, Mike. We’ll go with you.” He turned to Harriet and me. “You two stay here in the car. We’ll yell if we need you. Come on Margie.”
We watched the two detectives and the EMT enter the lobby.
We sat and listened to the crackle of police calls on the car radio. A second EMT was leaning against the ambulance, chewing a cuticle.
Through the open lobby door we could see Wilson, Hodges and the EMT at the concierge desk. Judging by the hand action, they were arguing with someone behind the counter. 
After what seemed like ten minutes, Ernie, the aide approached. More hand gestures, pointing. Finally, Ernie shrugged and the entourage disappeared from view.
We fidgeted in the detective’s car for about half an hour. Harriet drove me batty asking when we’d get to Nordstrom. “I hope the pink blouses aren’t all bought.”
Another Crown Vic pulled up in back of us. A man, presumably another detective got out and entered the lobby. He talked to someone behind the concierge desk, then proceeded into the building.
Another nail-biting twenty minutes went by. The constant chatter from the police radio was driving me out of my mind. I told Harriet to stay put while I checked to see if Nordstrom’s sale was still on. I got out of the car and was about to enter the lobby when Detective Hodges approached. “Come on. They want you in Assisted Living.”
“What’s up?”
She didn’t answer, but moved rapidly and I followed her. 
In the elevator to the Assisted Living floor, I again asked what was happening.
She smiled, “You’ll see.”
When the elevator door opened at the Assisted Living level, I heard voices. Compared to the usual silence, this was a commotion.
At Gladys’ door, Chet stood leaning against the corridor wall, his chin on his chest. His hands were behind his back. Hodges stood alongside him, and gestured with her head for me to go into the room.
At Gladys’ bedside were Detective Wilson, the EMT, and the short, dapper man I’d seen leaving the second detective car.
Wilson said, “Mr. Callins, meet Detective Hanaoka.”
Hanaoka smiled. “Nice to meet you. Thanks for alerting us as to what was going on.”
I glanced at Gladys who was half sitting up in bed. Her eyes were wide open staring at the opposite wall. She didn’t acknowledge my presence, even when I said, “Hello, Gladys.”
The EMT chuckled. “She won’t speak. She didn’t say anything when I took her blood pressure, either.”
I stared at him. What was funny?
He went on.” She had no blood pressure.”
It didn’t take a medical degree to know that every living being has a—“D—D—Dead?”
Hanaoka said, “Let me show you something.” He pulled up Gladys’ pajama top. I looked away, embarrassed. When I slowly turned my gaze back to her inert form, the sight that met my eyes caused my legs to buckle. Wilson caught me and propped me up.
Where the middle of her chest should have been, was a rectangular cut out. In its depths, I could make out a metallic box with knobs protruding from its front.  

Chapter Thirty-Four
“My God!” My lips moved but no sound came from my mouth. At the same time, Gladys raised up one of her arms.
Wilson said, “Detective Hanaoka is our computer guru.”
Hanaoka said, “Listen.” He turned to Gladys, or whoever that was in that bed, and said, “How do you feel?”
From somewhere, Gladys’ voice said, “Fine. Just Fine.”
Her lips hadn’t moved. 
Hanaoka said, “I’ve disconnected the synchronized lip movements.
I shook my head. 
Hanaoka said, “You’re looking at one of the most sophisticated robots I’ve ever seen.”
“A robot?”
“A robot.” He went on. “They have it programmed to respond to key words or phrases such as ’Do you like it here?’ with a stock answer. ‘I love it here. The service…’. ”
I let it sink in. “If this is a robot, where is the real person, Gladys?”
Wilson said, “That’s what we’re trying to get the guy standing outside this room to tell us. I think she’s been deep-sixed. Probably gone di-di.”
“Di-di?”
“Departed. As in dead. And so is everyone else on this floor that we’ve seen.”
The rest I could figure out. For the first few days after a resident was moved to Assisted Living, they would let that person settle in. They’d use the time to record his or her voice and gestures, adjusting the voice and gestures of the robot to match the timbre and inflections of the real person. After the robot had been programmed, they’d substitute it for the unfortunate resident. 
I touched the cheek of Gladys’s robot. Not quite the texture of skin.
Hanaoka explained. “The guy who constructed the robot’s body used silicon rubber. It can be molded to any shape you want.”
That would be Chet, the make-up artist.
I glanced out the door. Chet was being led away by Detective Hodges. His hands cuffed behind his back.

Chapter Thirty-Five
At three in the morning I was still wide awake, seated in front of Detective Wilson’s desk. I had put Harriet back to bed in our apartment after promising I’d get her a pink blouse.
To Wilson I said, “Why? What was to be gained?”
He laced his fingers behind his head and leaned back in his chair. “Crimes are committed for three reasons: Jealousy, revenge or money. You can scratch jealousy and revenge as motives here.”
“That leaves money?” Showing him I was paying attention.
“You got it, m-o-n-e-y. Monthly fees. Social Security checks. Dividend checks. With a stroke of a forger’s pen, someone could become a stand-in for the real thing. And the ‘real thing’ wouldn’t be missed because his or her place would be taken by a talking, smiling, walking replica.”
I added, “Since robots don’t need food, think of the money that could be saved.”  
 The pieces fit, the puzzle no longer a puzzle. 
Chet’s artistic skill in making the robots look like real people, under different circumstances would have won him another Oscar.
Martin Berman, in addition to his role as Executive Director of Restful Bowers, showed his robotic engineering skill in producing the computer heart of the robots. These mechanical people could do everything but breathe.
Chet, Martin Berman, along with his son Kurt, the Administrator of Assisted Living, and his enforcers, Fredricka Himmler, and the two aides, were all safely stashed away in jail. Their felonies ranged from murder to forgery and embezzlement. They were all awaiting trial.

Two weeks later, another chain, Motel Eight, bought the assets of Restful Bowers. For the residents, nothing changed.
Well that’s not entirely true. Harriet, wearing a new pink blouse, sat next to me in the auditorium. The occasion was a ceremony to announce the new name of Restful Towers. It was now Ω i, omega iota, (pronounced Oh my) a Greek expression roughly translated to mean The Last Resort.

About the Author
Barry Friedman graduated from Lafayette College in Easton, PA and received his M.D. degree at N.Y.U. School of Medicine. He interned at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Cleveland. During World War II he served in the Naval Medical Corps. He began his career in Orthopaedic Surgery at Great Lakes Naval Hospital and completed his orthopaedic training at University of Iowa Hospitals. For 30 years, he practiced his specialty in Cleveland where he became Chairman of the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery at Mount Sinai Medical Center, and Associate Clinical Professor of Orthopaedic Surgery, Case Western Reserve University. Following his retirement, he moved to San Diego where he became a consultant and Associate Clinical Professor of Orthopaedics at UCSD Hospital. He fully retired from medicine in 1999.

Friedman began writing while in college, where he served on the editorial boards of all the student publications. While in medical practice, he published numerous scientific papers. Since his retirement, he has contributed magazine and newspaper articles, and has previously published eight novels and two non-fiction works. Two of the novels were given awards presented by the San Diego Book Awards Committee. Friedman and his wife live in San Diego.
