
A Sweet Murder

By

Gillian Larkin



Smashwords Edition
For Tara-Jane Hogarth


Front cover by the amazing San at:
www.coverkicks.com


To hear about my free books and special offers sign up at:
www.gillianlarkin.co.uk


A Sweet Murder

Chapter 1

“So, Grace, it’s going to be a different kind of auction today, there will be more commercial items and I was thinking ... Grace, Grace? Are you listening?”
Grace tore her gaze from the passenger window and looked over at her brother. “What?”
Frankie sighed. “I was telling you about this auction today, about it being ... you’re not listening again! What’s so fascinating out there? What are you looking at?”
Grace pressed her face closer to the window. There must be one round here, it was a built-up area, there were lots of children about. Hang on, what’s that on the corner?
Grace banged her hand on the door and cried out, “Frankie! Stop!”
Frankie slammed on the brakes, the van swerved as it came to a screeching stop. Car horns blared behind them.
Frankie looked at Grace, his face white. “What? What did you see? Have I just run over something?”
Grace threw a distracted look at him. “What? No. I won’t be a minute.”
She opened the door and jumped out. She ran towards the corner shop that she had spotted and disappeared inside.
Frankie didn’t look happy as she returned to the van a few minutes later. He glared at her and slowly said, “You made me stop for a shop? Is that what the emergency was? Grace! I could have crashed the van, it’s not built for emergency stops. What did you urgently have to buy  from that shop?”
Grace pulled her seat belt around herself and fastened it. With a grin she held up a paper bag. “Coconut mushrooms! My favourite, I haven’t had them for years. I’ve had a real craving for them all morning.”
Frankie’s eyes widened. “Coconut ... mushrooms? You nearly killed us for coconut mushrooms?”
Grace couldn’t answer, she had stuffed four of the soft sweets into her mouth all at once. Frankie reached out for the bag, she slapped his hand away and pulled the bag protectively towards her.
Frankie looked at her for a few seconds, his look suddenly softened. He said, “Are you feeling all right? I know the anniversary hit you hard. You can go and buy more sweets if you like, I don’t mind waiting.”
Grace swallowed the chewed up concoction. “I’m fine, I just fancied some sweets.” She offered the bag to him. “You can have one, one – not two.”
Frankie gave her a sympathetic smile and said, “You keep them. Let’s get going, the auction will be starting soon.”
He pulled out into the traffic. Grace picked up another sweet and popped it into her mouth. She knew what he was thinking. He thought she was upset about the anniversary of her parents’ deaths, it was one year ago last Wednesday that they had died in a car accident. She had taken the day off work and gone to visit their graves. She had cried for a while in the safety of her home. But she was okay, she was dealing with her grief, it wasn’t on her mind all the time now. She had other things to think about.
Another coconut mushroom found its way into her mouth. She had a niggling feeling about this sudden urge for sweets, this craving that had appeared this morning.
Grace lurched forward as the van made another emergency stop.
The colour had drained from Frankie’s face again. He gave her a horrified look. “You said you had a craving! I know what that means. Grace, you’re pregnant! How could you? I’m too young to be an uncle! Who’s the father? Is he going to marry you? Where does he live? I’ll go and sort him out.”
Grace was touched by her brother’s concern, but if he paid any attention to her non-existent social life he’d know the possibility of her being pregnant was, well, impossible.
She said, “I’m not pregnant, Frankie, calm down.”
Frankie let out a sigh of relief. “You let me know if you’re thinking about it, won’t you?”
Grace gave him a dutiful nod. As if!
As Frankie pulled back into the traffic he said, “You’d better take it easy on those sweets, any more and you’ll look pregnant. You know how easy you pile on weight, you’re like a human balloon. Right, let’s talk about the auction.”
Grace ignored his insult, he always talked to her in that way, he didn’t even realise he was insulting her. She didn’t mind, he was the only family she had left and he’d taken care of her after Mum and Dad had died. If it wasn’t for him she wasn’t sure what state she’d be in.
Frankie wittered on about the auction. She didn’t pay him much attention, her mind was elsewhere. She reached for another sweet. Her rummaging hand couldn’t find one.
Had she eaten them all? So quickly? That wasn’t like her at all.
Frankie pulled into the auction site.
Grace knew why she was feeling like this. She was being influenced by a ghost. A ghost that needed her help. And that ghost was here at this auction, located somewhere inside one of the storage lockers.
Furthermore, Grace knew without doubt that the ghost was that of a person who had been murdered.

Chapter 2

Ever since the accident that had claimed her parents’ lives, and nearly her own, Grace had been able to see ghosts. She had mostly seen them inside storage lockers, they were usually attached to items inside the locker. The first ghost, Jacob, had asked for Grace’s help and since then she had been more than happy to help other ghosts with any unfinished business that they had.
Lately, Grace had helped ghosts that had been murdered. At first, she wasn’t sure if she was strong enough to deal with some of the ghosts’ issues but she had surprised herself with her inner strength. And there was a great deal of satisfaction in bringing a murderer to justice, especially those that thought they had got away with it.
Frankie pulled into a parking space. He nodded towards the crowd of buyers waiting by the lockers. “It’s a different bunch today, more serious looking, they have more cash. We’ll have to play clever if we’re going to get anything today.” He looked back at her and tutted. “You’ve got coconut on your chin.”
Grace quickly moved her hand over her chin. If she was at home she would have licked the flakes off. She said, “I don’t understand why we’re here. We don’t need any commercial items in the shop, I thought we were concentrating on antiques and household items.”
“I knew you weren’t listening, I just told you in the van.”
Frankie got out of the van, Grace did the same. She said, “Sorry, Frankie, tell me again.”
He locked the van and headed towards the office, Grace walked at his side. He explained, “There’s a market for second-hand stuff like office tables and chairs, people can’t always afford new stuff. I’m hoping to buy stuff cheap, get it up on the website and sell it quickly. I’ve been looking into it, there’s money to be made.” He looked back at the buyers. “Seems I’m not the only one with that idea.”
Grace opened the door to the office just before Frankie walked into it. “Watch where you’re going,” she said. “I’m sure you’ll do well today, you’ve got a secret weapon.”
Frankie stepped into the office. “Secret weapon? I hope you don’t mean you. No offence but you’re rubbish at these auctions. Remember that pile of crap you bought a few months ago? I was embarrassed for you. Let me do the bidding.”
Grace remembered the ‘pile of crap’. She’d had to buy it, the ghost of a man was attached to a particular item. She helped him even though he was quite obnoxious. It seemed that death didn’t make a person mellow.
“I wasn’t talking about me, and yes, by the way, I am offended. I meant your hero. You know how he looks out for you.”
Frankie froze. Grace bumped into him. He slowly turned his head to look at her. In a whisper he said, “Are you saying what I think you’re saying? Don’t mess with me, Grace, I can’t take it.”
Grace grinned at him. She felt the urge to tease him a little, just like when they were children. But no, she couldn’t do that to him. She said, “I saw him, at the far side of the lockers.”
Frankie grabbed her arm, his look was intent. “Are you sure? Sure it was him?”
Grace nodded. “I’m positive, he’s distinctive-looking, it’s hard to miss him.”
Frankie released  his grip. He scanned the office and frowned. He walked back to the office door and stared through the window. “I can’t see him! Grace, are you absolutely sure?”
Grace walked to his side and in a sing-song voice she said, “He’s behind you!”
Frankie spun around, his mouth dropped open.
Grace studied her brother. It was fascinating to see the change come over him. Even though he was older than her, the look that he now had on his face made him appear years younger. He looked as if all his dreams had suddenly come true, as if Santa himself was standing in front of him with a sack full of toys, all with Frankie’s name on them.
The object of his affection beamed at them from behind the office desk. “Frankie! Grace! So good to see you! How’ve you been? How’s your business doing?”
Grace gave Frankie a sideways glance, he was obviously incapable of speech at the moment so Grace spoke for him. “Hi, Sylvester. We’re fine, thanks. How are you? We haven’t seen you at the auctions for months. Frankie was worried that you’d gone back to live in America. The auctions haven’t been the same without you.”
Sylvester Sylver laughed, showing even more of his perfect white teeth. His tanned skin looked unreal next to his pale office assistant. His swept-back silver hair made him look like an older version of Elvis Presley. The turned-up collar of his silk blue shirt completed the effect. Grace always had the feeling that he was about to burst into song.
He said, “I did go back to the States, they needed me to do some auctioneer work there. I loved being in the sun again but I missed you guys and your eternal optimism.”
Grace felt her eyebrows rise. Was he talking about British people? Really?
Sylvester tapped the side of his nose and said, “Don’t tell anyone this but I actually missed your tea! I thought I was a coffee man through and through but this little island has converted me! Is Frankie okay? He hasn’t moved. Hey! Frankie!”
Frankie blinked and came out of his stupor. He took a few steps closer to his idol. In a quiet voice he said, “Are you doing the auction today? Are you doing more auctions? Are you living back here?”
Grace could hear the rising panic in his voice, it was almost stalker-like.
Sylvester appeared not to notice it, or perhaps he was used to it, being the star that he was. He looked at his watch. “We’re just about to start with the first locker. I’ll wait while you sign in.”
Frankie gave him a grateful smile. Grace tried to control her eyes from rolling. Frankie had met Sylvester Sylver in the flesh many times, when was he going to act normally in front of him?
Grace’s mouth suddenly watered, a dribble of saliva escaped and ran down her chin. She wiped it away and hoped that no one had noticed it. She looked around the office. She soon saw what had caused her mouth to water.

Chapter 3

Grace waited for Frankie to sign the bidders’ register. Her gaze was constantly drawn to the side of the room,  her mouth watered alarmingly. She was faintly aware of Frankie and Sylvester talking as she wiped more dribble from the corners of her mouth.
She wished they’d hurry up, if she didn’t get what she wanted soon she’d be standing in a puddle of her own saliva.
Frankie nudged her. “Ready to go? What are you looking at?” Frankie turned his head. “You’ve got to be kidding! Are you sure you’re not pregnant?”
Grace stared at the vending machine. In a voice full of awe she said, “But Frankie, look. They’ve got Flamingo sweets. I think I can see strawberry bombs.”
Frankie let out a laugh. “Flamingo sweets! I haven’t had them in years. Get some if you want but hurry up, I’ll meet you outside.”
Sylvester called over, “I’m ready to start, see you out there.” He went into a back room closely followed by his assistant.
Frankie opened the office door and left, leaving Grace on her own. Grace felt the pull of the vending machine. Without taking her eyes off the machine she rummaged in her handbag for her purse. She moved forward and allowed a dribble to run freely down her chin. She knew what was causing this experience and she was more than happy to go along with it.
She surveyed the eye-catching contents on display. It wasn’t a matter of which sweets to buy, it was a matter of how many packets she could fit in her bag.
She checked her purse, she had plenty of coins. She noted with approval that the machine also took credit cards.
Grace made her choice. Her face was almost touching the glass as the first packet dropped down into the tray below. She snatched the packet up and ripped the top open. She sighed with pure happiness as the first strawberry bomb landed in her mouth. The sweetness of the strawberry sugar coating made her tongue tingle. She waited as long as she possibly could then she bit into the bomb. The sweetest, tangiest strawberry juice shot out of the bomb and slipped down her throat. Grace leant against the vending machine, she couldn’t remember strawberry bombs ever tasting so sweet.
She ate another bomb whilst she bought more sweets. Her handbag bulged as she finally felt able to walk away.
Despite the heavy weight of her bag, Grace felt light as she made her way over to Frankie, as if all her troubles had floated away. What was in the sweets to make her feel this way? Or was she being influenced by something else?
Frankie grinned when he saw her. “You look like the cat who’s got the cream. I can smell the strawberry on your breath. How many packets did you buy?”
Grace pulled her handbag closer. “Just a few. I got something for you.”
Frankie took the outstretched packet, his eyes lit up. “Banana fizzles! I love these! Thanks, Grace.”
“Aren’t you going to have one now?”
“I’ll wait til we get home.” Frankie shoved the packet in his pocket.
Grace admired his willpower. She was glad she didn’t have any, she took another strawberry bomb out and put it where it belonged – straight into her mouth.
Sylvester Sylver made his way through the crowd of people waiting in front of the lockers. Grace heard murmurs from the other bidders.
“Is it really him?”
“It is, I saw him on TV last night, on that American show.”
“He looks orange.”
“That’s a tan, a proper tan, from the sun.”
“Oh. I didn’t know a proper tan was orange.”
Frankie gave a snort of derision. “Have you heard that lot? Star-struck, that’s what they are. They’re not used to dealing with famous people, not like me. It’s embarrassing, look at their faces.”
Grace didn’t say anything, she merely raised an eyebrow and carried on chewing.
Sylvester’s voice boomed out. “Good morning, folks, and what a beautiful morning it is. It’s great to see so many of you here, old faces and new faces.” Sylvester threw a wink at Frankie. Grace noticed the silly look on Frankie’s face. One of these days she would bring a mirror to the auction so Frankie could see exactly what he looked like in front of Sylvester.
The great man continued, “We’re going to open up the first locker, you get thirty seconds to look inside. Do not go in, if you do I will throw you out! And yes, I have been working out, you don’t want to mess with me. This is a cash auction, no credit, no IOUs and no paying me next week. If you don’t have the money then don’t bid! Are we ready? Let’s get the first locker open!”
There was a cheer from the crowd. As always, it was Frankie who cheered the loudest.
Grace felt a thrill of excitement as the first locker door was lifted. It wasn’t for the same reasons as everyone else. She didn’t care about the contents, she cared about the ghosts that might be inside the locker.
Her breath caught as she looked inside the first locker.

Chapter 4

There was a ghost. And another. And another.
The locker contained old-fashioned desks, they were lined up and facing the door. Grace smiled as she looked at the ghosts of women sitting behind each desk. They were tapping away on ghost typewriters. By their hairstyles and clothes Grace guessed they were from the late 1930s or early 1940s. They were happily chattering away as their hands flew across the keys. Grace tipped her head to the side to hear them better.
“Are you going out with Reggie tonight?” one of them asked.
A younger one nodded. “He’s taking me to the picture house.”
“Don’t let him take you to the back seat! You know what happens on the back seat!” the other one cackled.
“I certainly don’t know what happens on the back seat, Irene Watkins! I’m not as common as you!”
Another cackle. “That’s not what I’ve heard!”
Their voices were drowned out as Sylvester started the bidding.
Grace looked at Frankie. “Are you going to bid?”
He shook his head. “They’re too bulky for our shop and I don’t think I could sell them online, they look too old. I’m not sure if there will be anything suitable here for us today. I wanted to get a feel for it though, see what the commercial side of locker auctions is like.”
Grace turned her attention back to the ghosts inside the locker. Did any of them need her help? It had always been obvious before to her who needed help, she could tell by looking at them. She didn’t feel anything coming from these women, although she would love to talk to them, find out what their lives had been like. Were any of them still alive today?
Sylvester called out, “Sold!”
His assistant began to pull down the locker door. Grace caught the last part of the women’s conversations, they were talking about the trouble in Germany. Grace heard one of them say, “There won’t be another war, not after last time.”
The crowd moved on to the second locker. Grace felt a fluttering in her stomach, it was one of apprehension. The locker door opened.
Grace quickly took in the scene. She closed her eyes.
She couldn’t look, not at this.
She heard voices again, the same female voices from before. They weren’t chattering, they were barely talking above a whisper. Grace forced her eyes open. What if one of the ghosts needed her help? She had to look, no matter how much terror she was feeling.
Frankie said, “Look at that table, Grace. I think I’ve seen something like it before. Do you remember those war programmes that Dad made us watch? That’s like one of those tables in a munitions factory, the ones that women worked at during the war. I can see boxes of bullet shells on it, is that even legal? I think there’s some sort of uniform at the back of the locker.”
Grace looked to where he was pointing. “Yes, I think you’re right about the table. That looks like a white overcoat at the back. The women wore those, they weren’t allowed to wear any metal in case it set off a spark. They had to wear rubber boots too.”
She felt Frankie looking at her. He said, “Why are you crying? It’s only a table.”
Grace wiped a tear away. “I know, it makes me sad to think of women having to do such dangerous work.”
Frankie clicked his fingers. “I’ve just remembered! There was a munitions factory in Leeds, it was on that programme. It had to be kept secret so the Germans wouldn’t bomb it. Do you remember that bit about the women’s skin turning yellow? Something to do with the gun powder. I wonder if that table is from that factory in Leeds, that would be awesome.”
Grace pressed her lips together, she didn’t trust herself to speak. She watched the scene in front of her.
The same women who had been in the previous locker were now standing at either side of the table. Grace’s eyes narrowed as the table began to shimmer. She soon realised what was happening. The ghost of a table was hovering slightly above the real one and the women were closer to this one. Grace shook her head, she’d never seen a ghost table before. She turned her attention back to the women. They were wearing long white coats and rubber boots. There was a long line of shiny metal shells in front of them on the table. Some of the women were filling the shells up, others were carefully putting the tops on and twisting them. There wasn’t a trace of the previous happiness on their yellow faces, only concentration and the occasional flicker of fear.
One of the younger women fumbled with a shell and dropped it on the table. Her face wasn’t as yellow as the others, Grace suspected she was new to the job. The women seemed to stop breathing as they watched the shell roll across the table.
A harsh voice shot out, “For goodness sake, Sally, watch what you’re doing! You’ll have us all blown to smithereens.”
Grace recognised the speaker as Irene Watkins, the one who had been cackling and making jokes earlier.
Frankie clicked his fingers again, making Grace jump. “Didn’t that factory in Leeds have an explosion? One of the shell filling rooms blew up I think. I can’t remember why now.”
In a quiet voice Grace said, “One of the women twisted the lid on a shell too harshly. The room exploded. Over thirty women were killed.”
Frankie nodded. “That’s right, I’d forgotten how obsessed you are with history.”
Grace wished she wasn’t obsessed, she wished she didn’t care about the past. And most of all she wished that Irene Watkins would watch what she was doing! Irene was too busy glaring at that younger woman at the end of the table, she was too busy glaring to see what she herself was doing with that shell top.
Grace felt the explosion coming before it actually happened. In slow motion Irene turned her eyes back to the shell in her hand, her mouth dropped open in an ‘O’ of shock. The other women were oblivious. Grace saw the spark coming out of the shell, she saw the room lighting up. She couldn’t bear it, she turned away but still heard the muted boom of an explosion.
There was an eerie silence. Grace knew she had to turn back, to see if any ghosts needed her help. But what if she saw the carnage of the explosion? She wasn’t prepared to see that.
She took a deep breath and turned round to face the storage locker. She saw what the other bidders saw: a long table, no ghosts.
Frankie said, “You’ve gone a funny colour. You’d better lay off the sweets. I don’t want you throwing up on me, these boots are new.”
Grace merely nodded, she didn’t feel like eating any more sweets. She desperately wanted to go home, her heart was aching from the sight of those unfortunate women meeting their deaths.
But she couldn’t. She knew there was a ghost who needed her help, she knew the ghost was in one of these lockers.
They moved on to the next locker. Grace warily looked at it.
There she was.
The ghost that needed her help.

Chapter 5

The ghost was an older woman, probably in her early sixties. She had short white hair cut in a modern, slightly spiky, style. She was wearing a long flared out dress. Grace narrowed her eyes as she studied the dress. Yep, those were definitely strawberries on the woman’s dress. Grace’s mouth lifted as she noticed the shoes that the ghost was wearing, they were the same red as the strawberries on her dress and they had a juicy-looking strawberry embroidered on the top part of each shoe.
The woman was sitting on an old-fashioned wooden chair that had been placed near the front of the storage locker. There was a pattern on the chair but Grace couldn’t see if fully.
The woman had a sad and lost look on her face. Grace had seen that look on other ghosts’ faces before. The woman blinked as she looked out into the crowd of bidders. She scanned across them and stopped when she came to Grace. Grace offered her a small smile. The woman jumped up and moved forward. She looked as if she was going to walk out of the storage unit. Grace winced as the woman collided into an invisible wall, the force pushed her backwards.
The woman yelped and looked over at Grace. “Help! Please! Help me get out!”
Grace pushed a clenched fist against her mouth to stop her from shouting out. Her instincts were to run forward and comfort the ghost but she couldn’t do that in front of everyone, they would think she was mad.
Perhaps she could move closer and use the excuse of wanting a better look? That might work, then she could whisper something to the ghost. She turned to Frankie to let him know what she was going to do. Her words got stuck in her throat.
Frankie’s eyes were glistening with unshed tears, he was staring straight ahead at the locker. Grace looked at where he was looking. Her eyes widened as she realised he was staring at the chair where the ghost had been sitting, the chair that the ghost now returned to.
Could he see the ghost?
Could he feel her sadness?
Grace gently tugged on his sleeve. He blinked quickly and looked at her, an over-bright smile suddenly on his face. “Yeah?”
“What’s wrong, Frankie? Have you seen something upsetting?”
Frankie’s smile faltered. He looked as if he was considering what to say next. He nodded towards the locker and said, “It’s a blast from the past, shook me for a moment.”
“What did? Something in the locker?”
He pointed. Grace didn’t miss the slight shake of his hand. “That chair, I’ve seen it somewhere before, it’s something to do with Mum and Dad but I can’t remember what. I think we all went to a shop once and I saw that chair.”
Grace looked back at the chair. She could make out a bit of the pattern beneath the ghost, it was brown with a painting of something green twisting around the legs.
Frankie said, “Can you see the green stuff, it looks like ivy going up the legs? I’ve never forgotten that chair. When we went to the shop Dad said the tree that made the chair was still alive and that the chair would try to get me! I believed him. You know what he’s like for joking.”
There was a pause. Grace saw Frankie’s chin wobble. He coughed and said gruffly, “What he was like. Do you remember that chair? You came with us to the shop but you were little.”
“I don’t remember that.” Grace tried to lighten the mood. “But I do remember you being scared of chairs at home. Didn’t you say that they were trying to eat you? Is that because of what Dad told you about that chair?”
Frankie frowned. “I don’t remember that. It’s funny the things you forget.”
Grace saw her chance. “Why don’t we buy it? The locker? There’s not much in it, it shouldn’t cost much. It looks like someone has put bits and pieces from an old shop in it. We could use those shelves and jars.”
Frankie smiled and nodded. “And we could keep the chair in my room, we don’t have to sell it. I’d like that.”
Grace gave him a mock serious look. “As long as it doesn’t chase you around the shop.”
He snorted. “Yeah, right! Look, Sylvester’s starting the bids. I’ll act all casual as if I’m not bothered about buying it. If anyone thinks I’m serious they’ll start pushing the bids up.”
“Okay,” Grace said. She put her hands in her pockets and crossed her fingers. She really needed Frankie to win this locker, she really needed to help that sad looking ghost.
Sylvester called out, “Okay folks, I can see from your faces that you’re not excited by this locker but there’s always money to be made! Look at that chair, it looks ... interesting! Who will give me £50?”
There were laughs from the bidders.
Sylvester’s smile didn’t falter. “Okay. How about £40? £35?”
Grace smiled as Frankie actually sauntered closer to the unit. He gave an over-casual shrug and, with a dramatic sigh, said, “I’ll give you £20.”
Sylvester shot him a grateful smile. “£20, thank you Frankie! Any more? No? Okay, going ...going ...”
Frankie nodded towards Grace and gave her a triumphant smile.
Big mistake.
One of the other bidders caught the look. His hand shot up and he yelled, “I’ll give you £200! If Frankie Abrahams is bidding on it then there must be something valuable in there!”
Grace watched in horror as a bidding war broke out. Frankie’s look matched her own. He said, “I’ve only brought £500, if the bidding goes any higher we’ve no chance.”
Grace felt her heart drop into her boots as the storage unit was sold for £700.
What was she going to do now?

Chapter 6

The man who bought the locker was small and wiry-looking, he had mean beady eyes and a big nose. Grace thought he resembled a rat as he scuttled towards the locker with a smug look on his face.
Frankie sighed. “You win some, you lose some. Come on, let’s move on to the next one.”
Grace couldn’t move, she couldn’t leave that old woman behind. She said to Frankie, “I’ll catch you up in a minute, just have to check my messages.”
“Who’s going to leave you a message?” Frankie said.
It wasn’t said unkindly this time, Grace knew he was only stating the truth. The only person who sent her messages was her brother. She used to have a full and active social life but her friends had slowly disappeared from her life. She’d let them, she couldn’t deal with their pitying looks after the car crash. She pressed her lips together, was it time to get back in touch with them? For her to make the effort?
Frankie didn’t move. Grace made a big show of taking her phone out and tapping on the screen. Frankie still didn’t move. 
Grace said pointedly, “I’ll catch you up.”
Frankie frowned but walked away. Grace waited until he rounded a corner then she put her phone away. She walked over to the rat-faced man who was looking through his newly bought locker. Grace gave a polite cough.
The man looked up, his little eyes narrowed so much that they almost disappeared. “Yes? What do you want? Come to see what you’ve lost? Ha! Serves you right! You shouldn’t be here with the big bidders if you haven’t got the money.”
Grace swallowed her angry reply and forced a polite tone into her voice. “I’m glad you won it, you’re obviously a professional bidder.”
He stopped what he was doing, his chest puffed out. His currant-sized eyes looked Grace up and down. “Yeah, I am a professional. Now I’ve got this locker you can tell me what your brother spotted in here, he must have seen something.”
Grace didn’t miss the calculating look in his eyes. Out of the corner of her eye she saw that the ghost was watching him too. Grace said, “It’s those glass jars over there, he’s seen some online and thought they might be valuable. They look really old but I don’t know much about antiques.”
The man walked towards the jars. “Yeah, I can see them, they do look old. He might be right. Well, it’s his loss. What an idiot, letting this locker go! I bet I can triple my money on it.”
A sudden feeling of fear washed over Grace. Had she made a terrible mistake? She was assuming that the ghost was attached to the chair that she was sitting on. What if she was attached to the glass jars? That man would never let her buy one off him now that he thought they were valuable.
She needed to act fast. Feeling ashamed of what she was about to do Grace put her hand to her head and swayed. She let out a pathetic, “Oh!”
She heard a chuckle coming from the ghost.
Mr Rat Face hadn’t noticed her swoon, he was examining the glass jars.
“Try again, lass!” the ghost shouted out.
Grace took a step closer to Rat Face and said even louder, “Oh! I feel terribly faint! I need to sit down!”
Rat Face turned to look at her. “Sit on that chair. How much did your brother say these were worth?”
“I think I’m going to faint!” Grace repeated in a hysterical voice. “I have to get out of this locker.”
“Then get out. Was it over a £100 each?”
Through gritted teeth Grace said, “I’m going to faint in here, I need to sit down in the fresh air! Move that chair outside for me, please!”
The man muttered a curse and grabbed the chair. He roughly shoved it outside. “There! Stop your wailing and sit down. Which website did he look on?”
Grace swooned dramatically onto the chair and closed her eyes. She could feel Rat Face staring at her. After a few seconds he swore again and walked away. Grace heard him rummaging in the locker, she opened her eyes.
The old woman was smiling down at her. She said, “That was quite a show. It worked, I’m out of that locker now. I don’t know why I was stuck in there. Or how long I’ve been in there. I don’t know what you did to get me out but thank you.”
Grace returned her smile and whispered. “I can’t talk to you in front of him.”
The ghost frowned. “Why not? He probably wouldn’t notice, he’s totally absorbed in those glass jars. Are they really valuable?”
Grace shrugged. “I’ve no idea. I need to get this chair home. Or back to the shop.”
“Why?” the woman asked.
Grace stood up and said quietly, “I’ll explain everything later.”
She walked back into the locker and called over to Rat Face, “Thank you for letting me use that chair. I hope you’re going to be careful with those jars. I can’t remember exactly what Frankie said but he mentioned something like £500, or was it £1,000?”
Rat Face paused. Grace saw the greed light up in his eyes. “£1,000? Really?”
Grace nodded. “What shall I do with that chair, it’s cute. Needs repainting though.”
“Where was he looking online?”
“Some company in Italy, I think. What should I do with the chair?”
Rat Face waved his hand dismissively. “You can have it, it’s a piece of tat. Can you remember anything else about these jars?”
Grace shook her head. She felt a pang of guilt for misleading him, but it was only a pang. He seemed the type to sell his own grandmother if she’d make a half decent-profit for him.
Rat Face took out his phone. “If you’ve finished fainting can you get out?”
Grace swiftly walked away before he changed his mind. She grabbed the chair and almost ran towards the van.
Just as she was about to open the back doors someone grabbed her arm.

Chapter 7

“Where did you get that chair?”
“Frankie! You scared me half to death!”
Frankie let go of her arm. “Did you pay for it? Don’t tell me you gave Sneaky Sid favours in kind for that chair, I didn’t want it that much.”
Grace tutted. “You have a low opinion of me sometimes. Sneaky Sid, is that his name? He said I could have it.” Grace turned her back on Frankie and opened the van doors.
“Just like that? I don’t believe you, he’s as tight as a ... well, I won’t say what. Did you steal it from him?”
Grace looked over her shoulder and tried to look offended. It was hard to do so when she felt guilty for tricky Sneaky Sid, and for now lying to Frankie. “As I said, he gave me the chair. Are you going to help or just stand there?”
Frankie picked the chair up and placed it in the back of the van. Grace’s breath caught as the ghost whooshed straight through Frankie and into the van.
Frankie said, “I’m going into the office, Sylvester wanted to have a chat with me about something.”
Despite his nonchalance, Grace could see the excitement on Frankie’s face. She said, “Take your time, I’ll wait here.”
Frankie turned towards the office. Grace smiled as she watched him walk away, he had a definite spring in his step.
With Frankie out of the way she could talk to the ghost. She climbed into the back of the van and pulled the doors closed behind her.
The ghost was sitting on the chair again, she looked confused. “What happened to me? Just then, I was about to climb into the van but I sort of flew in. Did you see me? Did that really happen?”
Grace’s scalp began to prickle, a feeling of unease settled in her stomach. She hadn’t dealt with this kind of thing before, the ghost always knew. How should she start?
The ghost smoothed down her dress. She reached into her dress pocket and pulled out a white paper bag. She opened it up and popped a red coloured sweet into her mouth – a ghost sweet?
Grace sat down next to the ghost. “I know what those are, I’ve been eating them all morning.”
The ghost grinned, Grace got a whiff of strawberry. The ghost said, “These are my very favourite. I love other sweets but I can’t live without my strawberry bombs!”
“I think you can,” Grace replied without thinking.
“Sorry? What do you mean by that? Now that we’re alone you can answer my questions. First of all, where are we? And what was I doing in that unit thing? Did someone put me in there for a joke? If so, it wasn’t a funny joke, I could have died!”
The ghost laughed, Grace didn’t.
Grace looked at the floor and tried to gather her thoughts. There really wasn’t an easy way to tell her. Mum used to say the truth sounded better in shorter words, especially if they were painful words.
Grace looked into the face of the old woman, she had such kind eyes, eyes that probably twinkled when she was alive.
Grace gently said, “You’re not alive any more, you’re dead.”
There was a silence. Grace watched the woman’s face as confusion and then denial swept over her features. She burst out, “Don’t be silly! Of course I’m alive. You can see me, you’re talking to me!”
“I can see ghosts,” Grace explained. “Think about it, no one else could see you. The man in the locker couldn’t see you and my brother, Frankie, the one who was just here, couldn’t see you either. You passed through his body when you came into the van.”
“But I can’t be dead! I don’t remember dying, surely I’d remember?”
“Maybe it’s a good thing that you don’t remember. Perhaps your brain, or soul, or whatever, is protecting you from bad memories.”
Another silence. Grace could almost hear the ghost’s thoughts.
Sure enough, the woman said what Grace was dreading. “Why would I want to protect myself from bad memories?”
Grace steeled herself, this was harder than she thought. What she’d give for a strawberry bomb now to steady her nerves! But she could hardly tuck into a sweet at this moment.
Grace said, “I can see ghosts and I help them, some of them have unfinished business. I’ve only been able to see them for the last year. The ghosts that I’ve helped recently have been ... murdered ... and I’ve helped them to catch their murderers.”
The woman’s mouth fell open. She stared at Grace.
Grace carried on. “The ghost are usually attached to an item, I think you’re attached to this chair.”
The woman closed her mouth. She muttered, “Well, that’s a lot to take in all at once.”
She sat back in the chair and took out another sweet. Grace took her opportunity and took out a sweet too.
They sat in silence for a few minutes, chewing away. Then the woman said, “I suppose it makes sense. I do feel peculiar, like my body is floating around me somewhat.” She sat up straight. “Who would want to kill me? And why?”
“That’s what we’re going to find out. It might take a while for you to remember. Can you tell me your name? I’m Grace, Grace Abrahams.”
“Grace, what a lovely name. I can remember my first name, it’s Constance, I think people call me Connie. My surname, what is it now? Something to do with a bird. I think it’s ...”
The van doors were flung open. Frankie stared in at her. “Grace, really? Hiding in the van and stuffing your face with sweets?”
Grace glanced at the chair, Connie had disappeared. Grace stood up, she couldn’t think of a good reason as to why she was sitting in the back of the van eating sweets. She didn’t need to.
Frankie said, “Enough about you, wait til you hear what Sylvester said to me!”

Chapter 8

Grace only half listened to Frankie as they drove back to the shop. He told her about how impressed Sylvester was with Frankie’s website, the site that linked to their shop. Apparently, Sylvester couldn’t get enough of Frankie’s blog entries, he thought they were hilarious and yet touching.
Grace wondered how much of Frankie’s story had been embellished but she didn’t want to burst his bubble. She nodded at the right moments and looked interested, as interested as she could whilst still thinking about Connie.
“And then guess what he said?” Frankie enthused.
“Goodbye?”
“What? No! Well, at the end he did. He asked if I wanted to help him at an auction! Me! With Sylvester Sylver! Can you believe it?”
Grace frowned. “That’s great, Frankie. Do you want me to drive? You don’t look as if you’re concentrating.”
Frankie waved a hand at her. “I can drive with my eyes closed. Sylvester wants me to stand at his side when he’s doing an auction and make notes about who buys the lockers.”
“Isn’t that what his assistant does?”
“Yes, but Sylvester wants me to work with him in the office too, he wants me to see how the whole storage locker business works. You know the sort of thing, who rents the lockers, the checks they have to go through, why people stop paying for the lockers. Sylvester thought it would make a good blog post.”
Grace looked out of the passenger window. That could be interesting, she’d wondered herself why people stopped paying for the lockers. Maybe she could find out why Connie’s locker had come up for sale. Although, how she was going to ask Frankie to find that out for her was a problem she couldn’t think about just yet. She turned back to Frankie. “I think this is a great opportunity for you, Sylvester obviously thinks a lot of you.”
Frankie gave her a grin, it made him look like a cheeky ten year old. “It’s the most exciting thing to happen to me in years! Sylvester said you could come along if you wanted to. I think he feels sorry for you, not having a social life and friends.”
Grace bit back her reply. She would stay on the right side of Frankie, she had a feeling she could do with his help soon.
They parked at the back of the shop. Frankie took the chair upstairs and placed it in his room.
He sat on it, a puzzled look on his face. “That’s weird.”
“What is?”
“I thought I could smell something then, something fruity. Have you been stuffing your face again?”
“No.” Grace changed the subject quickly. “Frankie, you can’t live in here forever. This is supposed to be our stockroom. When are you going to get a proper place?”
“Will you stop going on about that? I’ve told you before, I like it here. I’ve got everything I need, a bed, some drawers, my own toilet. I’ve got the kitchen downstairs. What’s the point in paying rent somewhere when I can live here for free?”
“Strictly speaking I own half the shop so I could charge you rent.”
Frankie laughed. “You’re so funny when you try to be tough.” He stood up and lifted his arm. He sniffed his armpit and pulled a face. “Can I use your shower?”
Grace folded her arms. “I thought you had everything you need right here.”
“I do, but I don’t have a shower. I’ll have to look into getting one installed. Can I use your shower or not?”
Grace sighed. She unfolded her arms and reached into her handbag.
Frankie said, “Don’t bother with the keys, I had a spare set cut last time I used the shower.”
Grace looked at him. He gave her another grin. It wasn’t as confident as last time. Grace studied him. Something was going on.
“Why are you having a shower now? At this time?”
He cleared his throat and looked at the floor. He mumbled, “I’ve got a date.”
“Pardon?”
“I’ve got a date.” Frankie looked up, a slight flush on his cheeks.
Grace didn’t know whether to be pleased or shocked. She went with pleased. “Great. Who with? Do I know her? Where are you going?”
“Whoa! Stop with the questions. You don’t know her, she’s younger than me.”
“How much younger? Where does she live? What does she do?”
“I’ll tell you what you need to know, when you need to know it. Stop acting weird. I’m taking her out for a meal, all right?”
“All right,” Grace muttered. She swallowed the sudden feeling of fear, the fear of Frankie leaving her for the rest of the day. She was being silly. Besides, she needed him out of the way, she had a ghost to talk to. Frankie hadn’t imagined the fruity smell earlier, she had smelt it too, it was coming from the chair.
She put a brave smile on her face and said, “Have a lovely time.”
“I will. See you later, alligator!”
Grace held her smile in place as Frankie bounded down the stairs. She was pleased for him, for getting on with his life. One day, she’d be able to do the same.
She sank onto Frankie’s bed.
The ghost of an old woman appeared at her side.
It wasn’t Connie. 
This ghost was wearing a floral overall over a long blue dress.
The ghost spoke. “Cheer up, you’ve got a face as miserable as a weekend at Blackpool!”

Chapter 9

Grace turned to the ghost and sniffed. “I like Blackpool, it’s lovely. How are you, Pearl? Did you hear what Frankie said?”
The old woman nodded, her tight grey curls not moving on her head. “I did, he’s got a date. Good for him. Right, tell me where that disgusting chair has come from.”
“It belongs to my family.” Connie appeared, sitting on the chair. She shot a defensive look at Pearl. “It’s not disgusting, it’s beautiful.”
Grace said, “I’m sure Pearl didn’t mean to offend you, Connie.”
Pearl snapped. “Don’t you apologise for me, Grace! I speak as I find.” Pearl looked over at Connie. “She’s right though, I didn’t mean to offend you. I’m Pearl and I live in this shop, attached to it really. As you can see I’m dead too, just like you.”
Connie flinched. Pearl looked at Grace and raised her eyebrows.
Grace said, “Connie didn’t realise she was dead until I pointed it out.”
Pearl pressed her lips together and nodded. She walked over to Connie and said in a softer voice, “I’m sorry for your loss, of life that is. Like Grace, I can see ghosts. I could see them when I was alive too. I helped them just like Grace does now. She’s still new to this murder business so I help her out sometimes.”
Connie flinched again. Pearl looked back at Grace and said, “Did you tell her she’s been murdered? Or have I just put my foot in it?”
Connie said, “Grace did tell me about being murdered but I can’t take it in. I can’t see any marks on my body, I don’t think I’ve been shot or stabbed.”
“There are many ways to die,” Pearl said. “Some don’t leave marks on the outside but sometimes an external wound isn’t always visible – until later.”
Pearl caught the confused look that passed between Connie and Grace. She explained, “I once met the ghost of a man who’d had his throat slashed. When I first saw him I couldn’t see any marks on his neck so I had no idea of how he’d died, but as I found out more about him I noticed that a red mark began to appear on his neck. By the time I’d found his murderer this poor man’s neck was almost hanging off! I had to keep pushing it back on to his shoulders. Talk about losing your head! What’s wrong now? There’s no need to look so disgusted, he wasn’t in pain.”
Grace gave Connie a sympathetic look. “I’m sure that won’t happen to you.”
Pearl wagged a finger at Grace. “Don’t say that, you’ve no idea how she died. Be prepared for anything, you need a strong stomach in this business.”
Connie returned Grace’s look. “I know you’ll do all you can to help me, you’ve got a kind face. If any part of my body starts to feel loose I’ll let you know.”
“Thank you,” Grace said in a quiet voice. Finding out how someone had been murdered was one of the worst parts of her detective job. The last ghost that she’d helped had been poisoned, that seemed a much neater way to die. She shook her head. What sort of a person was she turning into, thinking about the neatest way to be murdered?
Grace stood up and walked over to Connie. “We need to find out more about you. I’m sorry if this sounds harsh but I need to find out who would have benefited from your death.”
“I understand,” Connie said bravely, her lips trembling slightly.
Grace put her hand on the chair that Connie was sitting on. “You’re obviously attached to this chair for some reason. Can you tell me about it?”
Connie smiled. “It’s been in our family since before I was born. We’ve all heard the story about how my relative, I think he’s my great-great-grandfather, Alfred, came over from Poland in 1900 or thereabouts.” Connie’s hands shot up. “Oh! What’s happened to the floor? It’s moving! Is it an earthquake?”
Grace looked up and around the room. She said, “I should have explained before I touched the chair. Sometimes, when I touch an item that a ghost is attached to I’m taken into a vision of the past. If the ghost is touching the item at the same time then they come with me. It’s like walking into a TV show, no one can see or hear us.” Grace paused. “But this is new, I haven’t seen this before. Pearl, what’s going on? It feels like we’re only halfway into the vision.”
Pearl walked over to Grace and Connie. She pointed towards the back part of the room, it didn’t look like the stockroom any more, dark shadows flittered about.  “You only need to see part of this vision. We can still experience some of the sensations though. It feels like we’re on a ship, that’s why the floor is moving. How did your relative, did you say his name was Albert? How did he get to this country?”
Connie said, “He was called Alfred and he came over on a ship. Are we on the same ship? That’s impossible.” She paused and looked closer. “What’s going on at the other side of the room? It looks like it’s changed into another kind of room, one made of wood. I can see shadows, are those actual people? Are we on Alfred’s ship? That’s impossible!”
Grace took a step towards the back of the room. She looked down at her right foot, it was standing on wooden decking. Grace looked up and studied the scene that was unfolding in front of her. She laughed and looked back at the two ghosts. “I think I’ve spotted Alfred, he’s got the chair with him, it looks new. I think he’s charging people to sit on the chair!”
“Why would he do that?” Connie said. She stood up and walked closer to Grace.
Pearl joined them. “The crafty bugger! Look, there’s not enough room for everyone to sit down, some are resting against the walls. I bet they’re dying for a sit down and that Alfred knows it. Fancy charging people for that!”
Grace took another step into the vision. She swayed as the ship moved up and down. She could smell the unwashed aroma of the passengers. It was obvious from their clothing that they were poor people. “They’ve been crammed into that ship like sardines, it’s cruel.”
Pearl said, “That’s what people did. I’ve seen the news on Frankie’s computer, that still goes on today in the back of lorries. Desperate people will do desperate things.”
Grace shifted from one foot to the other. Connie said, “What’s wrong? You look as if you want to say something but you daren’t.”
Grace gave a little shrug. “It’s just that ... those poor people ...”
Pearl butted in. “I think Grace is trying to say that Alfred shouldn’t be taking advantage of people in a bad situation, is that right?”
Grace nodded, she looked at Connie, hoping she’d understand. Grace stiffened at Connie’s cold expression.
In a stern voice Connie said, “It’s business, it’s not personal.”

Chapter 10

Grace looked at Pearl and raised her eyebrows. Pearl’s eyes widened and she nodded her head almost imperceptibly as if to confirm that she’d caught Connie’s cold look too. 
The vision of the ship faded and the far wall of the room returned to normal.
Grace put a friendly smile on her face and said to Connie, “So, what happened when Alfred came to this country?”
Connie’s head lifted, a proud look lit up her face. “He set up a stall in Leeds Market. He learnt the language and the customs. He worked every minute that he could and soon built up a loyal following.” Connie laughed. “No one could pronounce his surname, I can’t even remember what it was now, I think it’s written down somewhere, it begins with an ‘F’.”
Something was stirring in Grace’s memory but she didn’t want to lead Connie. She asked, “What did they call him?”
Connie beamed. “They called him Mr Flamingo. He sold sweets, just like the one you’re eating now.”
Grace’s hand paused on the way back from her mouth. She hadn’t even been aware of putting a sweet in. She rolled the sweet to one side in her mouth and said, “As in Flamingo’s Sweets? THE Flamingo Sweets?”
“The very same. Alfred worked hard and saved his money. His best selling products were liquorice sweets, he used to mix them with cough mixture, they were really popular. He bought his first shop five years after he set up the market stall. He took that chair with him to the shop.”
“Did he charge people to sit down on it?” Pearl asked.
Connie didn’t notice the sourness in Pearl’s voice, or if she did, she ignored it. “He used to let children climb on it to see the sweet jars better, the little ones couldn’t see over the counter.”
“What happened to his shop? I know a bit about Flamingo Sweets, they’ve got a big factory in Leeds, haven’t they? And I’ve seen the sweets in supermarkets and vending machines.”
Connie nodded. “He was an excellent businessman, he could sell ice to penguins. We’ve got factories all over England. We were just going to break into overseas sales when ... heck! What happened? I’m sure we had meetings about it, what did we discuss? I can’t remember now.”
“You said ‘we’, I take it that you were in the sweet business too?” Grace said.
“We all were, and proud of it too. My children have been brought up to work in the family business, they love it.”
Pearl said, “Do they? Are you sure about that? Or have they been forced to work in the family business?”
Connie looked offended. “Of course they love it! What a thing to say! They are so lucky to have a business ready for them to step into, I tell them that all the time.”
“Hmm,” Pearl replied. 
Connie went on, “Lucinda is my oldest, I had high hopes for her. I thought she’d be just like me but I was wrong. She has no business sense at all, totally useless, couldn’t settle down and look at things seriously. We had many arguments about it but she wouldn’t listen. She said she wanted to do her own thing, to have her own freedom. She saw sense in the end though.”
“Does she work for the company now?” Grace asked.
Connie nodded. “I thought about what she said about freedom so I gave her the job of sales rep, she gets to drive around and visit our shops, she checks up on the vending machines.”
“Is she happy doing that?” Grace said.
“I don’t know, I’ve never asked her. Vincent is my next born. He’s wonderful, a real businessman, knows a good deal when he sees it. He married well and has already given me two grandsons. My youngest is Della, she was a complete surprise to me! She came to me quite late in life, the cutest baby you ever saw.” Connie chuckled. “Some people accused me of spoiling her, I suppose I did. She’s got a real sweet tooth, just like me. She loves making sweets and was always trying new recipes. She works in our tasting factory, she says she wants to make a sweet that everyone craves, a sweet that they can’t get enough of! Bless her.”
Pearl made a tutting noise. Grace looked over at her. Pearl folded her arms and looked away.
Grace said, “Sounds like you had a happy family life and a successful business.”
“Yes, I did. I had to use tough love sometimes, particularly with Lucinda, but it was worth it. My children ...”
Connie trailed off and looked into the distance.
Grace peered at her. “Connie? Connie, are you all right?”
Connie didn’t move.
“Pearl! Look at her, it’s like she’s frozen. Oh! What’s happening to her dress? The colour is fading, those strawberries are turning grey.”
Pearl called out, “Grace, stand back! I know what’s happening. Look at her face, she’s turned grey all over, and look down at the floor, it’s like a puddle of grey is seeping out of her feet. Don’t let it touch you! Move!”
Grace took a step back. “But what’s happening?”
“She’s remembered something horrifying, the grey stuff is like an emotional net, it’s catching all the horror and hurt. There must be a lot of it for it to leak out of her. If it touches you it’ll be absorbed into your skin, you’ll be overwhelmed by bad memories. Grace! For goodness sake, will you shift out of the way!”
Grace looked around the room, she jumped onto Frankie’s bed. Pearl moved closer to Connie, her arms outstretched.
“What are you doing? Don’t touch her!”
“Shh, I know what I’m doing, the grey stuff doesn’t affect me. You’ll have to get off that bed, I need to lay her down. Can you get onto the chair?”
Grace put one hand on the wall and moved her leg towards the chair. It was a bit of a stretch. She shifted her weight forward and moved onto the chair.
Pearl muttered something to the frozen Connie and led her towards the bed. Pearl gently pushed her down and lifted her feet. The grey puddle followed her onto the bed as if it was a shadow.
“Is she going to be all right?” Grace asked.
The room faded, Grace felt the chair wobble as she was taken into another vision.

Chapter 11

Grace bent down and put her hand on the back of the chair to steady herself. The air around her to seem to swirl as if the vision wasn’t ready for her yet. 
After a few seconds the scene settled. Grace lowered herself into a sitting position. Her nose tickled as a fruity aroma floated towards her. That was followed by a sweeter smell, a pleasant mouth-watering smell.
Grace took in her surroundings. She was in a sweet shop. There was an old-fashioned shop counter just in front of her with a cash till on the left hand side. Behind the counter were rows and rows of glass jars, each jar was full of brightly coloured sweets. Grace felt a dribble of saliva escape from her mouth. She wiped it away, stood up and walked forwards.
Was this the original Flamingo shop that Connie’s relative had set up? There were old-fashioned sweets here but also some that she remembered from her childhood so it couldn’t be that old.
Grace’s eyes widened as she spotted something in front of the counter. It was the chair. She looked over her shoulder, the chair from the storage unit was still there, looking a shade more scuffed than the one right in front of her.
Someone was whistling. A woman popped up from the counter, a duster in her hand. It was a younger Connie. There was another woman at her side, a young woman with her dark hair pulled back.
Connie said to the woman, “Have you finished the stock-taking?”
The woman nodded eagerly, her bespectacled eyes peering at Connie with obvious admiration.
Connie gave her a friendly smile and said, “Then I think it’s time to put the kettle on, don’t you? Let’s have a cup of tea.”
The woman nodded so hard that Grace was afraid her head would roll off. The woman scuttled through a door to the left of the counter. Connie hummed to herself as she moved her duster over the counter.
A bell tinkled and a rush of cold air made Grace’s hair lift.
“Good morning!” Connie called out. “Do come in, have a look around. Feel free to let the little ones stand on the chair, they can see the sweets behind me better on the chair.”
Grace looked towards the customers. Her heart stopped. A grief filled moan escaped from her lips, her legs began to shake.
A young Grace skipped into the main part of the shop, just a few feet away from her. A young Frankie ran after her, his attention suddenly drawn to the rows of sweets.
“Francis! Help your sister onto that chair,” Grace’s mum called out.
“I can do it myself,” the younger Grace called back as she struggled to pull her little body onto the chair. Frankie put a hand on her bottom and pushed upwards.
Connie laughed. “How old are you two?”
“She’s three and I’m seven. Have you got any banana fizzles?” Frankie asked.
The older Grace sank to the floor, her legs unable to support her any more. Her heart felt like someone had picked it up and twisted it. Her dad stepped into the shop behind Mum.
Her dad laughed, he looked so young. He grabbed Frankie and swung him onto his shoulders. “Don’t forget to say please.”
Grace’s mum walked over to the little Grace who was struggling to see the sweets. She picked her up and kissed her chubby cheek.
It was too much for the older Grace. She put her hands over her face and began to cry.
This wasn’t fair, she wasn’t prepared for this. How could it hurt so much? She was dealing with the grief of losing Mum and Dad but this vision was bringing the pain back, it hurt more than ever.
Tears rolled down Grace’s cheeks. She couldn’t stop them.
A sudden movement jolted her. She moved her hands. The vision had changed, it was night-time, the blind had been pulled down over the shop window.
Grace wiped her cheeks and stood up. She pushed all thoughts of Mum and Dad out of her head as she took in the new details of the shop. It was some time near the present date going by the adverts on the wall.
There was a middle-aged, slightly balding man behind the counter at the till, he seemed to be counting the money inside. A younger woman, probably in her mid twenties, leant against the counter. She twirled a strand of her long dyed black hair around her fingers, her mouth moved up and down in a chewing motion. The third person in the shop was a middle-aged woman with short hair, she looked very much like Connie. She was walking up and down in front of the counter.
Grace realised that these were Connie’s children.
The man cried out, “For God’s sake, Lucinda, will you stop pacing up and down! We’ll sort something out. We’ll tell Mum what’s happened, she’ll understand.”
Lucinda wrung her hands as she walked the length of the shop. “She won’t understand! You haven’t seen the side of her that I have. She won’t take this well at all.”
The man closed the till. What was his name? Vincent?
The younger woman spoke. “She’s right you know, what you two have done is unforgivable. She’ll probably cut you out of her will.”
“Nonsense! She’d never do that! You don’t know what you’re talking about, Della,” Vincent said.
Della pulled a packet of sweets out of her pocket and opened them up. As she considered the contents she said in a level voice, “All I have to do is let Mum know what you two have been up to, I’m sure I can convince her to change her will. I’d quite like getting her fortune all to myself.”
Lucinda gasped. “You can’t do that! Mum wouldn’t change her will.”
Della picked out a black sweet and smiled. “She might, she listens to me. You could lose everything. Vincent, how would Mirabelle cope with that? Losing that big house of yours? She’d divorce you in a second and she’d take the boys. You know she’s only with you for your money.”
“She wouldn’t do that,” Vincent said quietly, his voice uncertain.
Della held the black sweet up to the light, she gave it a nod of satisfaction. What she said next made Grace’s blood run cold.

Chapter 12

The three people continued with their gruesome talk. On and on they went. Grace wanted to cover her ears but she knew that she couldn’t, she had to listen to everything.
A few minutes later they left the shop, Vincent locking the door behind him. Grace heard a sound to her left. It sounded like a sigh. The vision began to fade but not before Grace saw the door behind the counter close. Someone had been listening to the terrible conversation.
Connie?
Grace was suddenly back in Frankie’s room. Connie was sitting up in his bed, her face a normal colour, as normal as a ghost could expect to be. Pearl sat at her side. They both looked towards Grace as she reappeared.
“I wondered where you’d gone,” Pearl said. “Another vision?”
Grace nodded.
Pearl studied her face. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Another nod but Grace wasn’t prepared to mention that she’d seen her family, not in front of Connie. It was a private matter, one that she’d share with Pearl later.
Grace took a hesitant step forward, her mouth felt wobbly as she tried to smile at Connie.
Connie sat up straighter, her chin jutted out. In a firm voice she said, “You don’t need to tell me, I think I can guess what you just saw. You saw my loving children plotting to murder me, didn’t you?”
“Yes,” Grace looked down at the floor unable to bear the hurt expression on Connie’s face.
Connie said, “I knew about that conversation. It broke my heart to think they could talk about me like that.”
“Talking and doing are two separate things,” Pearl pointed out. “We all feel like throttling someone sometimes. Grace, did they give you a reason as to why they wanted to top her off?”
Grace flinched. Did Pearl have to be so abrasive? She said, “I got the impression that Lucinda and Vincent had done something that you wouldn’t have approved of. I don’t know whether it was something they had done together, or something they had done separately.”
Pearl tapped her chin in thought. “Did they say how they were going to get rid of her? Were they going to do it themselves or use someone else?”
Grace replied, “Della mentioned that she had contacts but then Lucinda burst into tears. I can’t honestly say if it was a serious conversation or just one of those heat of the moment talks that you later regret. I can’t imagine anything being so bad that they couldn’t talk to Connie about.”
Pearl said, “I agree but Connie, no offence, is a control freak and a bully. I can imagine her children being afraid of her. People don’t need much of a reason to murder someone.”
Connie butted in. “I do take offence at that! My children knew they could talk to me about anything.”
“Did you change your will so that you left nothing to Vincent and Lucinda? Della mentioned that in the vision,” Grace said.
Connie’s eyes narrowed. “Did I change my will? Sorry, I can’t quite remember. Do you think I was in the process of making a second will and then someone killed me?”
“It’s possible. Are you sure you can’t remember?” Grace asked.
Pearl looked over at Grace. “I don’t think you’re going to get much more out of her at the moment. If she remembers anything else that’s upsetting she’s liable to turn grey again. Leave it for now, I’ll stay with her. You go home and get some rest, I’ll walk you downstairs.”
Connie settled back onto the bed and closed her eyes. Grace left the room and walked downstairs, Pearl at her side.
When they got into the kitchen Pearl said softly, “Now, love, what else did you see? I can see the sadness in your face and it’s got nothing to do with Connie.”
Grace told Pearl all about the family vision. When she’d finished Pearl said, “Treat that vision as a gift, a lost memory that’s been given back to you. A lot of people will never get that.”
Pearl gave Grace a kiss on her cheek. It felt warm. Pearl was the only ghost who felt warm against Grace. Whenever another ghost had connected with her physically she had felt a coldness.
Grace was touched by Pearl’s kindness. But not for long.
“Get yourself home and get some beauty sleep,” Pearl ordered. “You’d give Frankenstein’s monster a run for his money with that face of yours at the moment.”
Pearl winked at her and disappeared. Grace shook her head, Pearl was beginning to sound like Frankie. 
Grace caught the bus home and was soon walking though her front door. After something to eat and an episode of  ‘Murder, She Wrote’ she was ready for bed.
She was almost asleep when her phone rang. She glanced at her bedside clock – 11 p.m. Who was ringing at this time? Grace steeled herself for bad news.
It was Frankie, he sounded impossibly loud and happy. “I’ve remembered where I’ve seen that chair before! It was in a sweet shop, about twenty miles from here. Mum and Dad took us once, I got some banana fizzles and you got some chocolate buttons! Ha! I knew I’d remember. See you later!”
Before Grace could ask him if he was drunk he’d rung off. She’d nag him tomorrow about that.
Grace dreamt about being in the sweet shop with her family. When she woke up her heart felt warm from the memory but her pillow was damp.
She swung her feet onto the floor. Something crackled. Grace frowned when she saw two empty sweet packets next to her bed. What was that ache in her jaw? Had she been grinding her teeth in the night?
She looked at the empty packets again. She hadn’t eaten any sweets before bed. Where had the packets come from?
Grace pressed her lips together. Don’t say she’d been sleepwalking, and then sleepeating. She shook her head. It seemed that Connie was having a strong effect on her, she’d have to find out who her murderer was soon otherwise her teeth would fall out. Having the odd sweet now and again was fine but stuffing her face in her sleep was another matter.
Grace stood up and straightened her pillow and bed cover. She suddenly laughed as she remembered a joke Dad used to tell her – ‘I had a dream last night that I was eating a giant marshmallow. When I woke up my pillow was gone’.
Grace patted the pillow, glad it was still there.

Chapter 13

Frankie was snoring his head off when Grace arrived at the shop. She closed the door to his bedroom/stockroom and then opened the shop for the day. Despite calling out for them neither Pearl nor Connie appeared.
The shop was pleasantly busy and Grace made many sales. There was a lull in customers when Frankie finally ventured into the shop at 11 a.m.
He yawned and scratched his side as he walked over to Grace. 
Grace wrinkled her nose. “Your breath stinks! What were you drinking last night? And what time did you come home?”
Frankie leant against an antique table and rubbed his bristly chin, his eyes looked bloodshot. “Some time in the morning, we went to a club.”
“We?”
“Yeah, me and the woman. Put the kettle on, I’m parched.”
“Put the kettle on yourself. Don’t you think you’re too old to be going to clubs?”
Frankie’s tired eyes twinkled. “You’re only as old as the woman you feel. Pop some bread in the toaster whilst you’re in the kitchen.”
“Do it yourself, and don’t be disgusting. How old is your lady friend?”
“A couple of years older than you. Do you have to nag?”
“Yes. Will there be many more late nights?”
Frankie slumped onto the table. “I hope not. I know I look young but I can’t do that every night. Those people in the club never stopped dancing. I think it must be the sugar.”
“What sugar?” Grace asked.
“Some of them were eating sweets on the dance floor, must have needed them to boost their energy. I still had some of those banana fizzles you gave me earlier but they didn’t do much for my energy levels. Have we got any bacon?”
“What did the sweets look like?” Grace asked. Something wasn’t right here.
Frankie shrugged and yawned again, treating Grace to a full view of his tonsils. He smacked his lips together and said, “I don’t know, they were black like liquorice.”
Something was nagging in Grace’s brain but she couldn’t catch the thought.
“I’ll make my own breakfast then,” Frankie said. He heaved himself off the table and slouched towards the kitchen.
Grace didn’t have time to think about the black sweets as a group of elderly people entered the shop.
It wasn’t until 4 p.m. that Frankie returned to the shop. He looked brighter and cleaner. Grace had a surreptitious sniff, he smelt better too. 
“You’ll be all right on your own, won’t you?” Frankie said. He headed towards the shop door.
“I’ve been on my own all day. Where are you going? On another date?”
“No, I have to limit my dates, it’s not fair for my women to have so much of me all at once. I thought I told you about my meeting with Sylvester.”
“You didn’t. Where is your meeting?”
“At the storage auction site we went to yesterday, the one where we got the chair. Sylvester’s agreed it with the office manager for me to have a look there, to get a feel for how the storage business works. I’m going to do a blog about it.”
Keeping the excitement out of her voice Grace said, “Can I come with you? I’ve been stuck in here all day, we haven’t had a customer for the last hour.”
She held her breath as Frankie considered her request. It would be wonderful if she could find out who had rented Connie’s storage unit. And why they had stopped paying for it.
“Okay, you can come along but don’t get in the way. And leave the vending machine alone this time, I think you’ve had enough. How many sweets have you got through today? There’s rubbish all over the floor.”
Grace looked down in surprise. She’d been aware of enjoying one or two sweets but there were about forty wrappers on the floor. Her cheeks felt warm as she picked the wrappers up and put them in the bin.
Frankie tutted. “Honestly Grace, you should look after yourself  better.”
Grace kept a tight hold on her willpower and her handbag  as they drove to the storage unit. She could almost hear the sweets inside her bag singing enticingly to her.
The manager was sitting behind the desk as they entered the office that they had been in the previous day. He gave them a cheerful smile. “Sylvester told me you’d be stopping by today. He’s a great guy, isn’t he? We always have a bigger crowd when he’s the auctioneer. I’ve got some paperwork out for you to look at, it shows the forms that people have to fill in. People can do it online too, I’ve left the screen on the computer open at that page.”
“Thanks so much, I appreciate it,” Frankie said.
The office manager stood up. “I’ll leave you alone for a while, I always make a check of the units at this time, make sure they’re all secure. Will you be all right on your own? There’s some fresh coffee over there. I won’t be long.”
He gave them another jolly smile and ambled out of the office.
Frankie sat down at the desk, Grace pulled a chair over to him. She said, “He’s very trusting, we could be anybody.”
Frankie gave her a look. “We’re friends of Sylvester, of course he can trust us. Do you have to sit so close, you’re nearly on my knee! Shift up!”
“I was just looking at the paperwork. Do you think we could find out who rented that unit with the chair in?”
“Why?”
Grace thought quickly. “Then you can post a photo of the chair and let your readers know about your visit to the sweet shop. It’ll give your post a personal touch.”
Frankie nodded. “Good idea. I’ll have a look for it.”
The office door opened. Irritation rushed through Grace. Was the office manager back already?
She looked up. Her heart felt as if it had leaped into her throat. She wasn’t expecting to see her.

Chapter 14

It was Lucinda Flamingo, Connie’s oldest daughter. The one that Grace had seen in a vision the previous day, the one that had been plotting to kill her mother.
Grace shrank back into the chair. She knew she was supposed to be investigating Connie’s murder but coming face to face with a possible killer was a scary thing to do. Especially when the possible killer was now smiling at her.
Lucinda held a clipboard in one hand and extended the other to Grace. “Good afternoon, I’m Lucinda Flamingo. I don’t think we’ve met before, I usually deal with Bill. Are you new?”
Grace took Lucinda’s hand and shook it. She opened her mouth but it seemed like she’d forgotten how to speak because no words came out. Frankie looked up from the paperwork and gave Lucinda a smile. Lucinda quickly took her hand from Grace and extended it to Frankie. Grace didn’t blame her, she looked, and felt like an idiot.
Frankie said, “We don’t work here. Bill’s doing us a favour. He’s outside, checking the units. I can get him if you like.”
Lucinda smiled again. Grace thought it looked forced, there wasn’t any warmth in her eyes. Lucinda said, “Don’t bother him. I’m here to fill the vending machine up, I won’t get in your way.”
The door opened again and a man stepped through. He was wearing a T-shirt and jeans. He seemed to be about the same age as Lucinda, perhaps a little older. His face was handsome but he had what Grace’s mum would call a ‘lived in’ look. He called out to Lucinda, “How much do we need?”
Lucinda turned away from Frankie and Grace and walked towards the vending machine. She gasped. “Goodness! Someone’s been having a feast! We only filled this up two weeks ago. Jamie, you’d better bring three boxes in.”
“Really?” Jamie said. He walked back out of the office.
Grace saw the grin on Frankie’s face. She saw his mouth open and knew he was about to say something about her eating all the sweets. She took the precaution of loudly saying, “Coffee?”
“Whoa! No need to shout. Yeah, ta. Keep away from that machine though!”
The coffee machine was on a table next to the vending machine. Perhaps Grace could talk to Lucinda, make some polite conversation.
And then ask her if she killed her mother.
Grace almost dropped the coffee jug as Frankie shouted out, “Don’t open that machine in front of Grace, she’ll empty it before you blink!”
“Sorry?” Lucinda said, looking back over her shoulder.
Frankie let out a snort. “It was Grace who practically emptied that machine yesterday!”
Lucinda turned her attention to Grace and slowly looked her up and down.
Grace felt like her cheeks were on fire. She tried to shrug. “I was a bit peckish. I love Flamingo sweets.”
Lucinda gave her an understanding smile. “I used to like them but lately I can’t stand the sight of them. Oh! I shouldn’t really be saying that. Don’t tell Bill.”
“I won’t,” Grace replied, glad that they were having a conversation.
Frankie hadn’t finished tormenting her yet. He said, “Grace, perhaps you should order your own vending machine, you could keep it in your bedroom!”
Grace looked down at the cups. He really was annoying. Lucinda seemed to feel her embarrassment. “There’s always someone who thinks they’re the office joker.”
“It’s worse than that, he’s my brother,” Grace told her.
Lucinda turned towards the vending machine. Her voice was bitter as she said, “Families can be annoying.”
Jamie returned to the shop carrying boxes. He dropped them at Lucinda’s feet and then crouched down. He took something out of his pocket. Grace stared at the knife he was now holding. Was that the murder weapon? She still didn’t know how Connie had died.
Her imagination really was running wild. She offered coffee to Lucinda and Jamie but they both refused. They turned their backs on Grace and started to talk amongst themselves about stock and numbers.
Grace took the coffee back to Frankie and sat down. She kept her eyes on the couple at the machine. She didn’t miss the shared looks and tender smiles that passed between them. Were they a couple?
Frankie took a slurp of his coffee. He said, “I haven’t found that paper yet, that one about the chair ...”
A trickle of fear ran down the back of Grace’s neck. She couldn’t let Frankie talk about the Flamingo chair in front of Lucinda, she didn’t want Lucinda to know that they had it. Not yet anyway. Grace needed to speak to Lucinda on her own, find out more about her relationship with her mother.
She quickly changed the subject. “So, how’s the website going? How many followers have you got now?”
Frankie’s eyes lit up. “I’ve got over a thousand! I’ve got a comments box on my site so my fans can connect with me. You should read some of the things that they write! Shall I tell you what Owen from Manchester said last week?” 
“Go on,” Grace said, her eyes still trained on the couple. Why did they have to mutter? She couldn’t hear a word they were saying.
Frankie rattled on about Owen from Manchester. Grace made suitable noises, as if she were listening.
The vending machine was full again. Lucinda locked it up. She looked towards Jamie. Grace clearly heard her say, “One down, hopefully not many more to go.”
Jamie touched her arm for a second and said quietly, “Don’t give up now, love.”
Jamie left the office, taking the empty boxes with him. Lucinda tore a piece of paper from the clipboard and handed it to Grace. “Would you mind giving this invoice to Bill? Thank you.”
“Of course,” Grace said. Questions were burning up inside of her, she had to speak to Lucinda alone.
Before she could think of an excuse Lucinda said goodbye and left the shop.
Grace clenched her fists in frustration, rumpling the invoice. She looked towards the door. She dropped the invoice.
That’s it! Of course!
Grace jumped up and ran out of the office.

Chapter 15

There was a white van parked in front of the office, Lucinda and Jamie were standing in front of its open back doors. Grace paused, Jamie had his arms around Lucinda, she was leaning into his chest. It was a private, intimate moment. Grace didn’t know whether to return to the office or to make herself known.
Lucinda spoke, her voice muffled by Jamie’s chest. “I don’t know how much longer I can carry on. I feel so guilty about what we’ve done, I can’t sleep at night.”
Jamie rubbed her back. “Not much longer now, the money will come through soon, it’ll all be worth it. We can make a fresh start, just like we planned.”
Lucinda sighed and looked up at Jamie. “I feel like I have to confess, this guilt is weighing me down. Can’t we tell someone? Someone in the family?”
Jamie’s look hardened. “No! We can’t tell anyone, especially not family. Why don’t we go away this weekend? The gang is going to Brighton. It’ll do us good to forget about everything for a while. What do you say?”
Lucinda nodded. “That sounds good.”
Jamie kissed the top of her head and said, “Keep strong, my love, it’ll be worth it in the end.”
Grace took a step back and grabbed the office door. She pushed it open slightly and then pulled it towards her with a bang. She hoped it looked as if she’d just stepped through.
Lucinda jumped away from Jamie, her guilty look was unmistakable. She soon composed herself and gave Grace a professional smile.
“Sorry to bother you,” Grace began. “But I was wondering if you could give me any information on your vending machines. Not just for me!” Grace laughed, it sounded false even to her ears. “It’s for our shop, we’ve got an antiques shop on the high street. Well, not just antiques, all sorts of stuff, we go to storage unit auctions, you find all sorts there.”
Grace pressed her lips together as she realised she was waffling. Lucinda still had a professional smile on her face.
Jamie closed the back doors and walked round to the front of the van. Lucinda reached into her jacket pocket and pulled out a card. She handed it to Grace and said, “Have a look at our website, we’ve got different sizes of vending machines, depending on your requirements. My number is on there too, although I am going away for a few days. There’s a number for the sales department too, you can speak to them anytime. We’d better be off, we’ve got more machines to fill.”
Grace took the card and said goodbye to Lucinda. As the van drove away Grace looked down at the card. Connie Flamingo’s name had been crossed out under the title of Director. It had been replaced by a name written in ink – Vincent Flamingo.
Grace supposed it was too early for the company to have had new business cards made. She frowned. She didn’t even know when Connie had died, she’d have to find out later.
Grace looked up at the gates that the Flamingo van had driven through. Lucinda was hiding something, and it was something that Jamie knew about too. Who was Jamie anyway? What did he have to do with the company? Another question for Connie.
Was it possible that Lucinda had murdered Connie? Had Jamie helped? They were waiting for money, money from Connie’s will?
Grace turned back to the office. She’d have to write all these questions down, her head was getting muddled with all the facts.
Frankie waved her over as she stepped into the office. “Found it,” he said.
Grace shoved the card in her pocket, Frankie didn’t need to know about her pretend plans for a vending machine, although it could be a worthwhile prospect if there was a decent profit to be made. And she could get her hands on sweets whenever she wanted to.
“What have you found?” Grace said. She walked round to where Frankie was and sat next to him.
Frankie tapped the screen. “I found out about that unit that had the chair in. Look, it was rented by Vincent Flamingo six months ago. Flamingo! That’s a coincidence, isn’t it? Anyway, he stopped paying for the unit two months ago.”
“Do the records show why he stopped paying for it?”
Frankie shook his head. “I’ll have to ask Bill about that. It’s weird, isn’t it? How people pay for a unit and then stop paying, as if they don’t care about the contents anymore. We’ve found some valuable stuff in some of the units. People are strange.”
Grace made a mental note about the unit that Vincent Flamingo had rented. She wished she knew when Connie had died.
The office door opened, Bill came through whistling to himself. He walked over to Frankie and Grace, “Have you found some interesting information? It’s all straight forward.”
Frankie said, “Yeah, thanks. I’ve always wondered why people stop paying for the units.”
Bill smiled. “It’s a great mystery. Some people use the units as a dumping ground for their rubbish, it’s easier for them to shove everything in a unit and then stop paying. They use false names and addresses so we can’t chase them up. Some people just forget to pay, or they can’t afford to pay any more.”
Bill rested his backside on the desk next to Grace. Grace winced as the table creaked. Bill said, “I think that some people use these units to hide evidence.”
“Evidence of what?” Grace asked. She pushed her chair back. If the desk was going to collapse she didn’t want to be near it.
Bill moved closer, a gleeful look on his face. He was unaware of the ominous creaking coming from the desk. His eyes darted from Grace to Frankie and back again. In a hushed voice he said, “Murder!”

Chapter 16

“Murder!” Frankie said. “What do you mean? Have you found any dead bodies in a unit? What did they look like? Did they stink?”
Bill moved back and folded his arms. “I’ve never found a dead body, although there could be one locked up in the units now, slowly decomposing. Some people have been renting the same units for years.”
Frankie raised a hand. “But if they were decomposing you’d smell something, even through a metal door. Perhaps the body is in a vat of acid? That would work.”
Bill nodded. “That’s a good idea. A fella in the next town found a skull in a locker. The police had to come in and take it away. They took all the contents of the locker too.”
Frankie nodded and folded his arms. Grace looked at the two men, they looked like two old women discussing the weather.
Frankie said, “Sylvester told me that if you find certain things in a locker then the police have to be called in.”
Bill smiled. “Sylvester’s a great guy.”
“He is,” Frankie agreed.
Grace butted in. “We’ve never had to call the police out to a locker. What do we need to look out for?”
“A dead body,” Frankie began. “It would be awesome to find a dead body.”
Bill added, “Any sort of weapon, like a gun or a big sword. Knives with blood on them would have to be investigated.”
“And drugs,” Frankie concluded. “That’d be a good way to be a drugs dealer, wouldn’t it? Hide your stash in the unit, take your supply out when you need it, and then lock your unit up again.”
Bill chuckled. “And if anyone gets in your way you can stick them in a tub of acid right inside the unit!”
Grace looked from one man to the other. Did they have any idea how they sounded? What would they say if she told them she was looking into a murder? How would they react if she informed them that the units were full of ghosts?
Grace stood up, she wasn’t going to get any more information here. “Thanks Bill, it’s been interesting. Frankie, I’m going home, I’ll get the bus.”
“Are you sure? I don’t mind getting the bus, you can take the van.”
Grace stared at him. He’d never offered to do that before.
Frankie laughed suddenly. “As if! I haven’t been on the bus for years, I don’t even know where the bus stop is. See you later.”
That was more like Frankie. Grace walked past the vending machine. Oo! Liquorice twists, she hadn’t had them in years. Hadn’t Frankie said something about them earlier?
Grace popped her money in the machine and watched with joy as the packet fell down to the container below. Her mouth watered as if she was already tasting the black sweets. She reached in for the packet and almost jumped out of her skin as Bill yelled, “No!”
Grace pulled her hand back and looked over her shoulder. All the happiness had drained out of Bill’s face. He strode over to the machine and banged his hand on it. “It’s been filled up! When did that happen? Who gave them permission?”
Grace said quietly, “Erm, they came when you were out. Sorry, we assumed it was okay to fill it up. Is there a problem?”
Bill sighed. “It’s not your fault. It’s typical of Flamingo Sweets. I cancelled the contract last month, I spoke to someone in sales. They assured me no one would come round to fill it up. I’ve been expecting someone to take it away.”
“Why do you want to cancel the contract?” Grace asked.
“Their prices, and their so called customer service. The prices have gone sky high over the last year, I’m hardly making any profit. And when I’ve tried to complain they’ve fobbed me off. I’ve spoken to their sales rep many a time, I think she’s called Lucinda, but she doesn’t seem to care about my concerns, only about making money off me. It’s not just me either, I’ve heard that other people are fed up with how they’ve been treated by Flamingo Sweets. The used to have a great reputation but it’s rapidly going downhill. Makes me wonder how much longer they’ll last.”
Grace nodded, she had no idea that things were bad. She looked wistfully towards the liquorice twists. It seemed rude to take them now that she knew how Bill felt. But she had paid for them.
Bill smiled at her. “Go on, you may as well take them. You can have the lot as far as I’m concerned, I won’t be paying their invoice.”
Frankie called over, “Don’t give her any more! She’ll be the size of a house soon. Bill, what does this mean?”
Bill winked at Grace and walked back to Frankie, he sat down in the chair that Grace had recently vacated. Grace said bye but the men were already engrossed in something on the computer screen.
Grace left the office and walked to the bus stop. She didn’t mind getting the bus but it would be more convenient if she had a car. She opened the sweets and put a twist inside her mouth. Yum.
Was she ready to drive a car? She’d been driving the van for a while and was okay with it now. But having her own car might remind her of the night that her parents died. Dad had been driving her car on the night of their accident.
Grace chewed on the sweet. It hadn’t been the car’s fault that Dad had crashed. Perhaps she should start looking at cars. Her stomach gave a lurch. She could do it, it was time.
The bus arrived. Grace found a seat and tucked into another sweet. She thought about what Bill had said. Was Lucinda responsible for the rising prices? Was she running some sort of scam with Jamie? Had Connie found out about it?

Chapter 17

Grace would have liked to have gone back to the shop to see if Connie or Pearl had reappeared but she couldn’t think of a suitable reason as to why she was there should Frankie return. Besides, she wanted to have a good look on the Internet.
She made herself a large mug of hot chocolate and sat down on her sofa, her laptop open on the table in front.
There was a lot of information on Flamingo Sweets. There was some history about how Alfred had come over to Leeds around 1900. There was a black and white photograph of him standing next to a market stall. Grace presumed that was the original stall in Leeds Market. She could just about see the chair behind him. There was a lot of detail about how the company grew over the years, how they adapted to the times. They made a special kind of liquorice sweet at the end of World War Two, it was in the shape of a dove to symbolise peace.
Grace noted the link to the main website. She took out the card that Lucinda had given her, it was the same website address. Grace decided she would look at that later. She typed in Connie’s name and ‘death’.
Grace’s breath caught as a colour picture of Connie appeared on the screen. She guessed that Connie must be about thirty. She was wearing a bright green dress that had little prints of bananas on it. Connie was beaming into the camera. The article explained how Connie had started work in the original shop that Alfred had bought all those years ago. She had also worked in the factory with the factory workers. She even went on deliveries to all the shops that sold Flamingo Sweets. The article explained that Connie was a hands-on sort of person and wanted to understand the jobs of everyone who worked for Flamingo Sweets. It also mentioned how she raised her three children all by herself after her husband passed away. The children were named and mention was made of how Connie’s children were devoted to their careers at Flamingo Sweets.
Grace thought of Lucinda’s face earlier, the only devotion she showed was to Jamie and their plans to get out of the business.
Grace scrolled down until she got to the bit that she was looking for. There it was. Her eyebrows rose as she read how Connie had died: ‘Connie Flamingo died accidentally at home on the evening of Tuesday 16th July. Her family were devastated by the untimely death of their loving mother.’
Grace sighed with frustration. She addressed her laptop, “That doesn’t tell me anything at all!”
She read a bit further, read the comments from her ‘devastated’ children. She remembered how each one of them had talked about how to murder their mother.  She’d already spoken to Lucinda and knew she was hiding something, she needed to talk to Vincent and Della too.
Grace was about to log off when she saw another photograph. It showed Connie’s family and, presumably, some of her employees, lined up outside the original shop. They all looked suitably sad so it must have been taken after Connie’s death. Grace made the image larger. There was Vincent with a well dressed woman at his side. Could that be his wife? Her sad face didn’t look quite genuine, she was turning to one side as if posing for the camera. A couple of employees stood to his other side including the young woman who Grace had seen in her vision, the one in which her family had come into the shop. The woman had the same pulled back hair and she seemed to be wearing the same kind of glasses. She must have worked for the family for a long time. She’d have a thing or two to say about the family, unless loyalty got in the way. Grace made a note on a piece of paper to talk to her.
Behind Vincent was Lucinda. To her side stood Jamie wearing a Flamingo Sweets T-shirt. Was he an official employee? He stood a bit away from Lucinda but the camera caught him turning his head towards her, a smile on his lips. Did the family know about their relationship? Did Connie approve?
Della was on the other side of Lucinda, her face pale and drawn. Grace shivered as she remembered that Della had shown the most enthusiasm when discussing their mother’s murder. Was she putting on an act? If so, she was very good at it. 
Grace made a note to talk to Vincent and Della, she wasn’t sure of the excuse that she was going to use to talk to them, she’d think of something later. She’d also speak to any employees that she came into contact with, like that woman in the shop. Would she get chance to talk to Jamie too?
Grace yawned and closed the laptop down. She really wanted to discuss the details with Pearl. She’d go to the shop tomorrow and try to speak to her, if she appeared that is. She also needed to talk to Connie about how she’d died, if she could remember. When Grace had helped ghosts before they seemed to block out details about their deaths. It was probably a good idea for some of them.
Grace got ready for bed. She didn’t want another night of sleepeating so she decided to hide her stash of sweets. She looked in her bag, she couldn’t find any.
Even her new packet of liquorice twists was empty.
She couldn’t have eaten them all? Surely not. She’d bought loads of sweets recently, no one could eat that many in such a short time.
Shaking her head, Grace got into bed. What was wrong with her pyjamas? They’d shrunk. It must be that new washing powder that she’d started to use.
Grace didn’t dream about her family that night, she dreamt about sheep jumping over fences, they were made out of pink and white marshmallows with chocolate faces.
Grace noted with a smile that her pillow was still there in the morning.
She was going to speak to Vincent today, but first, she was going to talk to the ghosts.

Chapter 18

Frankie was in bed again when Grace turned up at the shop the next morning. She was glad to see Pearl standing at the foot of his bed.
Pearl’s arms were folded and she looked with distaste at the snoring Frankie.
“Three o’clock in the morning! That’s what time this young whippersnapper came in! Drunk he was too, staggering all over the place. I thought he was going to throw up at one point. Serve him right if he did! It’s disgusting. He’s far too old to be staying out late.”
“He’s got a young girlfriend, I think they go out clubbing, he’s trying to impress her with his stamina,” Grace explained.
“Pah! Idiot!” Pearl turned towards Grace. “What the hell has happened to you?”
Grace’s hands flew to her face, she’d put her make-up on this morning, had it smudged? “What do you mean? Have I got something in my teeth? My hair?”
Pearl unfolded her arms and waved them up and down in front of Grace. “What have you been eating? You’ve really piled the pounds on.”
Grace shrugged. “I’ve had a few sweets, that’s all.”
“A few sweet shops by the look of it. Crikey, Grace, have you seen the size of your chest, you’re practically bursting out of that blouse. Is this something to do with that Connie woman? Or are you using it as an excuse to stuff your face?”
“I’m not sure, I just feel like eating sweets all the time. I haven’t had any this morning though.”
Pearl narrowed her eyes. “Is that because you’ve run out?”
Grace changed the subject. “Have you seen Connie?”
“I’ve seen her all right. She’s turning into a right pain in the ... well, you know what. She’s been gorging herself on sweets too. It’s like she’s got a magic pocket that keeps filling up with sweets. You’ll end up as a sweet eating ghost too if you don’t slow down.”
“I don’t understand how she can still be eating sweets when she’s dead.”
“It’s a habit, people take habits with them when they die. Tell me what you’ve found out about Connie’s death. I hope you’ve been forceful with your investigations, not wishy washy.”
“I’m not wishy washy!” Grace protested.
“You are sometimes but you’ll toughen up. Let’s go into the kitchen, I can’t bear to listen to your brother any more, he sounds like a demented pig.” Pearl looked Grace up and down and then added, “I think there’s some fruit in the bowl downstairs.”
Once they were in the kitchen Grace told Pearl everything that she had found out so far. Pearl said, “So we know that Lucinda’s up to no good, and that Vincent rented the locker. Hang on, when did you say Connie died?”
Grace looked at her notes. “16th July.”
Pearl frowned. “And when did Vincent rent the locker?”
Grace took another look at her notes. “Oh! It was two months before that! I hadn’t realised. Sorry, Pearl, I should have made that connection last night.”
“Not to worry, you were too busy having a sweet feast, I’ll let you off. That’s interesting about Vincent. He rented the locker before Connie died. I wonder if he was getting it ready to store the things from the shop, is that what you said was in the locker? I wonder if Connie knew he was ripping everything out of the original shop.”
“I did not!” an indignant voice rang out. Connie stood behind Pearl, her hands on her hips. “I made it very clear to my family that the original shop was to stay exactly as it was! How dare he take everything away! He knew what it meant to me.”
“We don’t know that it was Vincent who took everything away,” Grace said gently, wanting to calm Connie down.
“It most likely was,” Pearl said. “I think he planned to top you more than six months ago, maybe when he had that meeting with your daughters. Then he thought he’d get rid of the shop fittings once you were dead. He rented the unit in readiness for your demise.”
Grace remembered that Vincent had stopped paying for the unit two months ago, despite reminders from Bill. She told the two ghosts about this.
Pearl nodded in a knowing manner. “Once Connie had died he couldn’t bear to look at the old stuff any more and thought he’d let it go to auction. No more reminders of his old mum.”
“Pearl,” Grace said in a warning voice.
“What? I’m only saying what I think, like it or lump it.”
“Pearl! She’s going a funny colour again, that grey colour.”
Pearl turned around. “Not again! Connie! What did I tell you? You’ve got to control your emotions.” Pearl looked back at Grace. “She was doing this all day yesterday, I had to keep her away from you. I thought we’d got it under control.”
Pearl stood up and raised her arm. Grace called out, “Don’t slap her!”
“I’m not going to slap her!” Pearl raised her other arm and pulled the frozen Connie into her embrace.
Grace felt her eyes sting at the picture in front of her. Pearl was holding Connie as if she was the most precious person in the world. Grace heard murmurs coming from Pearl. She was reassuring Connie that everything would be okay.
The grey shadow that had covered Connie seeped over Pearl. Pearl didn’t seem to be affected, she pulled Connie closer and kept up her reassurances.
Grace clenched her fists, feeling useless. Would Pearl freeze too? Would both ghosts disappear again?
The strawberries on Connie’s dress turned from grey to a light pink. Grace unclenched her fists as Connie and Pearl returned to their original colours.
Grace said, “Pearl, are you okay? Did you absorb Connie’s sadness?”
Pearl swayed slightly and gave Grace a slow wink. “I was a miserable old cow to begin with, nothing’s changed.”
Grace wasn’t convinced. She had to solve Connie’s murder soon. She could cope with becoming the size of a house but she couldn’t bear Pearl getting hurt.

Chapter 19

Pearl told Grace that she would talk to Connie and try to find out how she died. 
“It won’t be easy if she keeps turning grey, it’s like talking to a wall,” Pearl said with a disgusted tut.
“Do what you can, thanks. I’d better open up the shop,” Grace said.
“Aren’t you going to wake your good-for-nothing brother?”
“No, I’ll let him sleep. If he’s still asleep by lunchtime I’ll wake him up.”
“If I was you I’d throw a bucket of water over him!”
Grace studied Pearl for a moment, she seemed fine now, back to her old self. Grace made herself a mug of tea and took it through to the shop. She opened up a few minutes later and was soon dealing with customers. She planned to phone Vincent at Flamingo Head Office, the number was on the card that Lucinda had given her. She was going to use the excuse of wanting a vending machine in their shop and was going to use the little white lie of saying that Lucinda advised that she speak to Vincent direct. She just had to hope that her lies wouldn’t be discovered.
Grace never got chance, the shop was busy all morning. She had just finished serving a customer when she felt a heavy hand on her shoulder. She jumped and looked at the owner of the hand. She had to do a double take.
“Frankie! Is that really you? You look awful, your eyes are all bloodshot. What have you been doing?”
Frankie shrugged, wincing as he did so. “I’ve been clubbing again, it was a late night.” He sighed. Grace nearly passed out from his breath. “I don’t think I’m cut out for this clubbing lark. I’m aching all over.”
“You need a good night’s sleep. Go back to bed now if you want.”
“No, I can’t leave you to do all the work. I’ll have a good sleep tomorrow night,” Frankie said. He scratched his stomach.
“What’s wrong with having a good sleep tonight? Don’t tell me you’re going out again!”
“I am, I’ve already told the woman that I’ll be there, it’s someone’s birthday. I think the club is staying open until 6 a.m.” Frankie looked into the distance and slowly shook his head. “6 a.m.”
“You’re mad,” Grace concluded. “Go and get yourself something to eat. And brush your teeth. And wash your face. And have a shave.”
Frankie gave her a mock salute. “Yes, sir!”
He sloped away, Grace saw his jaw moving in a yawn. What could she do with him? He wouldn’t listen to common sense. For a moment she wished that he could see Pearl too, she’d tell him exactly what she thought of his behaviour. She had no doubts that Frankie would listen to Pearl.
More customers came in, looking at their mishmash of wares dotted around the shop. Frankie returned thirty minutes later looking cleaner but still tired.
“Grace, take the rest of the day off. You’ve done more than your fair share this week,” Frankie said.
“Are you sure?” Grace replied.
“Why do you always say that? If I wasn’t sure then I wouldn’t say it. Now clear off, I’ve worked in here before on my own.”
An idea popped into Grace’s head. She grabbed her coat and handbag before Frankie changed his mind. He might think he was okay but his eyes were already starting to droop.
Grace caught two buses over to Flamingo Head Office. It was a huge building standing behind wrought iron gates. Grace knew that the factory was also situated here. The gates were open and Grace walked through trying to look more confident than she felt. She was still planning to use the same lie to speak to Vincent, she was going to add that she was ‘just passing’ and thought she’d drop in. If she kept her voice steady she might pull it off.
Grace headed towards a pair of glass doors that were labelled ‘Reception’. With her head held high she opened the doors and walked in.
Then her composure completely fell away. Grace’s mouth dropped open as she stared at the scene that met her. Huge replicas of Flamingo sweets hung from the ceiling like tantalising mobiles. And if that wasn’t temptation enough the aroma of sugar, strawberries, bananas and liquorice wafted through the air. Grace quickly closed her mouth to stop any dribble escaping. She had been so busy at the shop that she hadn’t had time to think about sweets and, now, here she was, in the middle of a delicious dream.
“It’s quite something, isn’t it?” a male voice behind her said.
Grace could only nod. Imagine if that was actually a real strawberry marshmallow, you could live inside it for a week and then eat yourself out.
The man said, “Are you here for the tour? I think it’s going to start soon.”
Grace turned to look at him. He was dressed in a business suit and was holding a brochure with the Flamingo Sweets logo on it. She said, “I’m here to talk to Vincent Flamingo, about vending machines.”
“Good luck with that. I’ve heard that he’s not speaking to anyone at the moment, he’s locked away in his office all the time. I assume you’ve heard the rumours?”
“No, what rumours?”
The man looked to his left and right, and then moved closer to Grace. In a low voice he said, “It seems someone on the inside has been fiddling the books, charging customers more than they should be doing.”
Grace’s mouth made a surprised ‘O’. Lucinda and Jamie? Is that what they were up to?
The suited man continued, “That’s not all, there’s been some mention of illegal activity, I’m not sure what. Someone mentioned drugs but I’m not sure. Why don’t you join the tour? There’s going to be free samples.”
Grace didn’t hesitate in her reply, “I think I will.”

Chapter 20

A very loud, very bright young woman suddenly appeared. She was wearing an orange dress that had patterned cuffs, the pattern showed a variety of sweets. The scarf tied gracefully around her neck was of the same pattern.
“Good afternoon!” the woman called out. “My name is Suzie and I’m going to be your guide today! If you have any questions please feel free to ask me! Also, don’t forget to help yourself to as many sweets as you can carry! Don’t worry, we ...” Suzie frowned and looked down at the clipboard she was carrying. She nodded and looked back up at the small crowd. “Don’t worry, we won’t weigh you on the way out! Are we ready to begin? Great, let’s go!”
Suited Man, who was standing next to Grace said, “Looks like she’s had a sugar overload already.”
Grace just smiled and joined the end of the group. 
“This way!” Suzie instructed and walked to the left of the reception desk. She abruptly stopped and looked at her clipboard again. “No, sorry, it’s this way!”
She performed an about turn and headed down a corridor to the right side of the desk.
Grace felt as giddy as a small child, like Charlie as he took his first steps through Mr Wonka’s chocolate factory. Her giddiness increased as she saw the packets of sweets lined up on a shelf that ran down both sides of the corridor. Grace clenched her hands to her sides, she didn’t want to be the first to pick some sweets up. Suited Man had no such qualms, he reached out and grabbed a handful of packets.
Grace gave him a smile and said, “I may as well take some, it would be rude to refuse them.”
Her impulse was to grab as many as she could. She frowned, that wasn’t like her at all. She controlled her urges and picked up a couple of packets and placed them in her bag. For the first time since she’d met Connie she felt resentment about the effect Connie was having on her. She pulled at her blouse, it felt even tighter against her chest.
Suzie pointed out several black and white photographs that were displayed on the walls. “This is the original Flamingo, Charles, and he came from France! Isn’t that wonderful!”
Grace muttered to Suited Man, “I thought he was called Alfred, and he came from Poland.”
Suited Man said, “I think he was. Doesn’t surprise me that the tour guide is getting everything wrong, this company is going down the toilet. Nice sweets though, there’s some more over there.”
Suited Man helped himself to more sweets, so did other people in the tour. Grace congratulated herself on her self-restraint until Suited Man handed her a pile of sweets. “Here you are, stick them in your bag.”
Grace gave him a small smile and said thank you.
Suzie waved her hands at the tour. “This is the most exciting part of the tour! We are going into the Inventing Room! This is where all the magic happens! We will even get to taste some of the new creations!” Suzie’s voice became more serious as she said, “Please, no photography or filming in here. And don’t distract the staff, they need to concentrate on their marvellous new creations.”
Suzie reverently pushed open a set of wooden doors. Grace heard her gasp with delight. Surely she’d been in here before? Or was she as new to the tour as Grace was?
Grace was at the end of the tour group. She stepped through the doors. Her first thought was that she had walked into a laboratory. The tour group stood on a walkway to the left of the room, a huge glass wall separated them from the inventing staff. The glass reached the ceiling and seemed to be soundproof as none of the white-coated staff behind seemed to notice them.
Suited Man gave a low whistle. “I imagined bowls and weighing scales, women in flour covered aprons. This looks like something from a science movie. Are they really using test tubes to make sweets?”
Grace nodded politely, she wasn’t really listening. She had spotted someone at the back of the inventing room, someone she had seen in a vision. It was Della. Her black hair was pulled back, goggles covered half her face but Grace still recognised her. Della was holding up a small black sweet and examining it, just like she had done in the vision. Were they liquorice twists? Were they inventing a new kind? There was nothing wrong with the original ones.
In a hushed voice Suzie said, “Please help yourself to some of the new inventions, there are five to choose from. We would greatly appreciate your feedback. Please, remember to be quiet.”
Suited Man wasted no time in helping himself. Grace moved closer to the bowls that were on a table in front of the glass wall. What was Della up to? She was talking to a colleague now and shaking her head. Grace could see her angry expression even from this distance. Without looking where her hand was going Grace reached into the nearest bowl and put a round sweet in her mouth. She vaguely registered a toffee flavour mixed with lemon. Della was marching towards the front of the room now, towards the glass wall.
Grace took another sweet, she moved her shoulders around, her blouse was feeling really uncomfortable now. She heard the low hum of other members of the tour group as they  discussed the new sweets in hushed tones.
Grace winced and looked down at her blouse. Crikey, what had happened to it? It didn’t look that tight when she put it on this morning. It looked like it was going to ...
In horrific slow motion Grace watched the buttons on her blouse give up their struggle. Four black buttons shot off her blouse as if being fired from a gun. Her heartbeat thudded in her ears as she watched the buttons shoot towards the glass wall.
Chapter 21

The quiet was shattered as the buttons pinged against the glass wall. Who knew buttons could be so loud? There were screams on both sides of the glass. The screams on the other side were not heard but they could be seen. Grace watched hopelessly as the white-coated people dropped test tubes and glass bottles all around the room. As one, the people behind the glass turned to look at whoever had caused the noise. Grace hung her head in shame and gave herself away. She clutched her open blouse together and raised her head. The wild fury on Della’s face caused Grace’s heart to miss a beat.
No one on Grace’s side on the glass wall spoke although Grace could feel their eyes boring into her. She looked at the floor again and muttered, “Sorry, so sorry.” With her head bowed she retraced her steps out of the room. She would have run but she was afraid the last two buttons on her blouse would give up the ghost too.
Once through the doors Grace felt the sting of tears. She blinked. It was an accident, that’s all. Accidents happened all the time. 
Fear came rushing towards Grace. What if those white-coated people were in the middle of an important invention? What if they were working on a sweet that would bring millions to the company? What if they sued her?
Grace wiped her tears away. No time for self-pity, she had to get out of there. She strode forward. She heard a noise behind her. They were coming for her. Leaving her blouse to fend for itself Grace ran down the corridor as fast as she could. There was a smaller corridor leading to the left, they hadn’t come up that way in the tour. Grace ducked down into it and opened the first door that she came to. There was a name on the door but she didn’t have time to read it. 
Grace closed the door behind her and leaned against it. It didn’t take her long to realise she’d barged into someone’s office.
And it didn’t take her long to recognise the man who was standing at the window. Luckily, Vincent Flamingo had his back to her, he was engrossed in his telephone conversation. One hand held the phone to his ear, the other rubbed the back of his neck.
Grace didn’t move. Could she sneak back out before Vincent noticed she was there? She cocked her head, she could hear voices outside in the corridor, they sounded angry. She’d give them a few seconds to move on and then sneak out.
She couldn’t help but overhear Vincent’s conversation. “Mirabelle, sweetheart, we’ve been over this a thousand times. You know I can’t get my hands on the money just yet... Yes, I have spoken to the accountant... Yes, I’ll speak to him again. I know you have to pay the deposit on the holiday...” Vincent lowered the phone and let out a weary sigh. Grace could hear a woman’s tinny voice. Mirabelle, wasn’t that his wife? Vincent continued with his conversation, still looking out of the window. “Yes, I’m still here. I have to go, it’ll be a late night again ...Yes, I haven’t forgotten about the concert, I’ll try to make it. Please understand, I’m trying my best, I just feel so guilty about Mum.”
The conversation abruptly ended without a goodbye at either end. Vincent looked at the phone, his other hand still rubbed his neck as if to reassure himself that everything was going to be okay.
Vincent turned around to replace the phone. He stopped in mid motion and looked straight at Grace.
Grace cursed herself for forgetting to escape, she had been too engrossed in Vincent’s conversation.
Vincent recovered his composure and placed the phone on the desk. He gave Grace a polite smile and said, “Good afternoon, are you a stripper? You must forgive me, I’m not in the best of moods. Did Della arrange for you to be here? She’s always playing jokes on me.”
Grace blinked a few times. Stripper? What was he talking about? Oh! Heat flooded her cheeks and she pulled her open blouse together. What was that lie she was going to use? It was hardly going to be convincing now.
Grace took a chance and told him a half-truth, starting from when she met Lucinda yesterday.  She told him that she was interested in renting a vending machine for her shop but got drawn into the factory tour. As she talked Vincent relaxed and the tension melted away from his face. He sat down and invited Grace to do the same. Grace left out the part about seeing ghosts and meeting his departed mother. She didn’t mention finding the painted chair either. As she got to the button popping incident Vincent threw his head back and laughed.
“That’s the funniest thing I’ve heard in months! They’re so serious in that lab of theirs, they need shaking up. Don’t worry about any repercussions, it was an accident. Now, we can’t have you walking about like that. Hang on.” He opened a drawer in the desk and pulled something out. “This should fit you, it might be on the large side though. There’s a bathroom through that door.”
Grace took the offered Flamingo T-shirt and went into the bathroom. The shirt wasn’t too big, it was a little bit tight. Grace sent a mental thank you to Vincent for thinking it would be too large. She paused. She shouldn’t be having good thoughts about Vincent, he could be the one who murdered Connie. She needed to ask him some questions.
Vincent was on the phone again when she came out. “I know that. It’s going to be a difficult conversation, do we really need to get the police involved? She is family.”
Vincent noticed Grace. He said to the person on the phone, “Just a minute,” and then addressed Grace. “It’s been lovely to meet you, please keep the T-shirt. There are some brochures on the front desk about vending machines, help yourself. Can you see yourself out? Thank you.”
He waited until Grace headed towards the door that she had originally barged through. As soon as she closed it behind her she heard him resuming his conversation. She put her ear to the door but couldn’t make out his words.
Vincent was hiding something, Lucinda was hiding something too. She still hadn’t got to the bottom of everything. Grace sighed, she wished Pearl was here to talk to, give her ideas about what to do next.
Grace picked up some brochures on the way out. On the bus journey home she rested her tired head against the window. She really wasn’t cut out for sleuthing. But what choice did she have? Someone was getting away with murder and it was up to Grace to stop them.

Chapter 22

At home Grace made a quick call to Frankie to make sure he was okay. He yawned a lot but said he was okay. Grace advised him to stay home that night but, of course, he ignored her suggestion.
Once she’d got this murder case sorted out she’d deal with Frankie, whether he wanted her help or not.
Grace settled down on the sofa with a cup of tea and a notepad. She wrote down everything she knew about Connie’s murder.
Something suddenly struck her, how did she know Connie had been murdered? Connie couldn’t remember how she’d died and there was no mention of any ‘foul play’ in any reports about her death.
But if she had died a natural death why had she appeared to Grace? She really needed to know how Connie died. Hopefully, Pearl would get some information from her soon.
Grace wrote out Lucinda’s name and then Jamie’s. They were obviously a couple and they were covering something up. Was there some sort of embezzlement going on? Had Lucinda been taking money from the business over the years to save up enough money to escape from the family? Was Jamie helping her? Did he set it up in the first place? Going by Vincent’s telephone conversation it seemed that he had an idea that something was going on. If he knew about Lucinda what would he do to protect her? And come to that, what would Lucinda and Jamie do to protect their escape fund?
Grace then wrote Vincent’s name down. He was stressed about something, he was getting angry phone calls from his wife. From the photo that Grace had seen Mirabelle seemed to like expensive things. Had Vincent undertaken dubious business dealings in order to make more money to keep Mirabelle happy? Grace thought that the money from Connie’s will hadn’t come through yet, although it sounded like it was due to come in soon. Why had there been a delay? Grace hadn’t forgotten about the supposed revised will, the one that left Lucinda and Vincent with nothing.
And, of course, there was the business of Vincent renting the storage unit a few months before Connie died. What was going on there? 
Grace wrote Della’s name down. Apart from seeing her in the vision and then in the inventing room today, Grace hadn’t spoken to her yet. She didn’t want to, there was something in Della’s eyes that troubled Grace, a coldness that said she was used to getting her own way, no matter what. Grace had a feeling that Della was mixed up in something sordid. She thought about the black sweets that Frankie had told her about, the ones that people in the nightclub were eating. The two times that Grace had seen Della she had been holding a black sweet. Was she putting something in them? And then selling them to nightclub goers?
Was there anyone else in the picture that could be a suspect? There was always the chance that a disgruntled employee had killed Connie for some reason. Grace couldn’t think of any reasons, perhaps the employees didn’t get a big enough discount on Flamingo Sweets? Grace smiled to herself, hardly a reason to kill someone.
She made a ‘To Do’ list for the next day. She was tempted to phone Frankie again but resisted. Surely he wouldn’t last another late night?
Grace slept better that night. There were no signs of nocturnal feasts anywhere in her home the following morning.
She arrived at the shop full of energy and raring to go. She raced up the stairs to Frankie’s room. If he was still asleep she would jump on his bed and wake him up! And it would serve him right. Maybe she’d take Pearl’s suggestion and throw cold water over him.
Grace came to a halt at Frankie’s open door. His bed was empty. Grace called out for him on the landing, there was no reply.
“He hasn’t come home, the dirty stop out,” Pearl appeared at her side.
Panic grabbed Grace. Please let him be all right! She grabbed her phone and rang his number. A cheerful Frankie answered on the second ring.
“Yo! Sis! How ya doing?”
“Never mind me! Where are you?” Grace exploded.
“I’m still at the club, having a crazy time! Come down, I’ll introduce you to everyone,” Frankie said, laughter in his voice.
“What do you mean, you’re still at the club? It’s eight o’clock in the morning! Did you sleep there?”
More laughter from Frankie. “Chill out! I haven’t been to bed, I don’t need to. I’m running high on life!”
Chill out! Chill out!
Grace grabbed her phone tighter. She tried to control her anger. “Frankie, you need to come home, we’ve got a business to run.”
“Okay, okay! Stop nagging. I’ll set off now. Get a life, Grace!”
He rang off, Grace bit back the hurt. Why did he have to talk to her like that?
“Don’t let him get to you, he’s an idiot. He’ll learn,” Pearl said.
Grace gave her a small smile. “I was wishing yesterday that he’d be able to see you too, then you could give him a good telling off. I wouldn’t even mind if you swore at him.”
Pearl smiled. “I would do too, I know some words that would make your ears turn blue! Forget about him for now. I’ve got something to tell you, I know how Connie died.”
“Was she murdered?”
Pearl nodded. “She was.”

Chapter 23

Connie appeared at that moment and sank heavily onto the bed. She raised sad looking eyes to Grace. “It’s true, I was murdered. I think I’ve been trying to block it out. Pearl said that’s why I kept leaking all that grey stuff, I wanted to stop my thoughts.”
Pearl sat down next to Connie and patted her hand. “Come on, Connie, tell Grace all about it.”
Grace sat down on the Flamingo chair and waited.
Connie reached into her pocket and put a sweet in her mouth.
Grace jumped slightly and touched her cheek. “That’s strange, I can taste what you’re eating. Strawberry bomb? I love those.”
“Me too. Sorry about that, I’ll try not to eat any more, it’s a habit.” Connie stared to one side of Grace as if deciding how to begin.
“Get on with it,” Pearl said.
Connie began. “I died in the bath. Which is strange because I hardly ever have baths, I prefer having a shower.”
“How exactly did you die? Did you drown? Did someone hold you under? Sorry to ask these questions,” Grace said. She recoiled as she felt Pearl glare at her.
Pearl pointed a finger at Grace and said, “What have I told you about being wishy washy? You need to be direct, stop caring about what people think, you’re not responsible for their thoughts.”
“I’ll try,” Grace said. “Sorry, that was a bit wishy washy. You don’t have to stare at me like that, Pearl! I said I’ll try.”
Pearl looked away from Grace, her lips pressed together.
Grace sat up a bit straighter and said, “Connie, why did you decide to have a bath that day?”
“I didn’t, it had been run for me. I don’t know who by, all my children had access to my house, they were free to come and go. The bath was waiting for me when I got back from work. It looked so inviting, there were lit candles around the side. I don’t know where the candles came from, I never bought them. There were even bowls of sweets on the shelf next to the bath. I thought someone had done a kind and thoughtful thing for me, it would be rude not to get in. I checked around the house first, there was no one there except me.”
Grace nodded. “So, you got in the bath. What happened then?”
“Nothing, I had a good soak and helped myself to the sweets. I felt great, I suffer from arthritis and the bath was making me feel wonderful. I filled it up with hot water a few times. It was when I stood up to get out that I had problems. I felt sort of woozy, like I’d stood up too quickly. I remember looking down at the water and putting my hand on the wall to steady myself. My other hand must have been outstretched because I felt ...”
Connie looked into the distance, Grace saw the strawberries on her dress fade. “Pearl! She’s doing it again! Can you stop her?”
Pearl shook her head. “We’ll let her be this time. I know what happened next. Her hand touched somebody, or rather somebody grabbed her. They twisted her arm and shoved her towards the tap end of the bath. Connie remembers hitting the back of her head on the taps, she can’t remember the pain, thank goodness for that. But, this is the awful bit, this person who was in the bathroom lifted Connie back up and flung her into the taps again – and again.”
Grace’s hand flew to her mouth. “That’s awful! Poor Connie. Oh, Pearl, why would someone do that to her?”
Pearl shrugged. “That’s for you to find out.”
Grace looked at the frozen Connie, no wonder she was blocking the memories out. She said, “There must have been a lot of bruises on her head, surely the doctor must have suspected something?”
“It depends on the doctor, they could have been at the back end of a long shift, it could have been someone different to the family doctor, those travelling locums that they have now. We don’t know who discovered the body. Who was it, and what did they tell the doctor? Maybe they gave such a reasonable explanation that the doctor didn’t think Connie’s death was anything other than an accident. You’ve got a lot of questions to ask. Look, she’s coming round now.” Pearl moved over to Connie. “Connie, it’s okay, I’ve told Grace everything, you don’t have to say anything else.”
Connie gave Pearl a grateful look.
Grace was about to speak when she felt something peculiar. She shifted in the chair. No, it was still there, a hot sensation on her bottom. And it was getting hotter.
Grace yelped and jumped to her feet. She put her hands on her bottom and turned to look at the chair.
“What’s wrong with you? Got ants in your pants?” Pearl said.
“That chair, it got hotter and hotter.” Grace put a hand out over the chair. “I can feel heat coming from it, that’s strange.”
Pearl stood up and examined the chair. “Perhaps it’s trying to tell you something. Can you touch it?”
Grace gingerly lowered her hand. She touched the seat. “It feels warm here, not too hot. Hang on, it gets warmer towards the back of the seat.”
Grace moved around to the other side of the chair and put her hand on the back of the seat. She flinched and said, “It’s definitely warmer here.” She got down on her knees and peered at the back of the seat. “This seat is quite thick. Pearl, do you suppose there’s a hidden drawer or something?”
“Don’t know, give it a bash.”
“I can’t bash it, it’s an antique!” Grace exclaimed.
Pearl looked down at Grace and raised her eyebrows. “I’m going to change your name to Wishy Washy Wendy. Give it a bash.”
Grace made her hand into a fist and thumped it against the back of the seat.
“Harder! Be a man about it!”
Grace thumped the seat harder. A pain shot through her hand, she bit down on her lip.
Connie joined them, her face lit up. “The drawer! Of course! I’d forgotten about it! You don’t need to thump it, reach underneath, there’s a button, press it.”
Grace did so.
The back of the seat slid open a few inches. Grace pulled it out. “There’s something in here.”
In a proud voice Connie said, “That’s the original recipe book, the one that Alfred brought with him from Poland. I’d forgotten all about it! I found the secret drawer when I was a little girl. That recipe book must be worth a lot of money now!”
Grace stood up, she looked at Pearl. Pearl gave her a slight nod. Grace said, “Did any of your children know about this book?”
Connie smiled. “Yes, Della knows, she said she’d never tell anyone about it.”

Chapter 24

Della.
Grace had another reason to suspect her now. Grace picked the book up. She found a plastic wallet on a shelf at the side of Frankie’s room and carefully placed the book inside.
“What are you doing that for?” Connie asked.
Grace considered whether or not to say anything, but then decided she should. “Della knows about this book. For all we know it could be worth thousands, or even millions. That would be reason enough to kill you.”
“Never! Della wouldn’t kill me, she loves me!”
Grace surprised herself by the hard tone in her voice. “Somebody killed you, and I think it’s somebody you know. You showed yourself to me for a reason, you want justice. I’m going to confront Della with this book and see what her reaction is. In fact, I’ll show it to Lucinda and Vincent too, they might know it exists.”
Connie looked down at the floor. “You’re right, I suppose. Please take care of the book.”
In a softer voice Grace said, “I will.”
Pearl added, “If Della was after the book wouldn’t she look in the chair? She didn’t need to kill Connie for it.”
“Maybe she wanted to sell it without Connie knowing. Connie, would you ever sell this book?”
“Never! It’s part of our history!”
Grace looked at Pearl as if to say, ‘There’s your answer’.
“Good morning, Grace! Where are you hiding?” a voice hollered out.
The two ghosts and Grace looked towards the open door. Pearl said, “Is that Frankie? What’s he shouting for?”
They heard a thudding on the stairs along with a song that Frankie was attempting to sing. He burst into the room, his arms wide. He grinned at Grace and pulled her into a bear hug.
“Get off!” Grace muttered, her face squashed against his shirt.
He released her. Grace took a few steps back from him. He said, “Isn’t it a wonderful morning! Can you believe I’ve been up all night? I knew my body would get used to it.”
Unbeknownst to Frankie, Pearl was inches away from his face, she was standing on tiptoes and peering into his eyes.
Grace narrowed her eyes, something wasn’t quite right. “Are you going to bed now? Shall I open the shop?”
Frankie waved an arm in the air. “No need, little Sis, I’m all fired up. I don’t feel tired at all, I’ll deal with the shop. Take yourself off for the day, buy some make-up.”
Pearl turned around to Grace and snapped, “He’s taken something! Some sort of drug, I can see it in his eyes. I always knew he was an idiot but this takes the biscuit.”
Grace looked closer at Frankie’s eyes, they did seem unnaturally bright. She said, “Frankie, do you remember those black sweets that you mentioned, the ones that people were eating at the club?”
“I do remember! In fact, I bought some last night, they’re amazing, they’ve given me a real boost of energy. I’ve got some left.” Frankie reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, brown paper bag.
“Who did you buy them from? What have they got inside them?” Grace said in a calm voice.
Pearl yelled out, “Drugs! That’s what’s inside them. He probably did a dodgy deal somewhere, in the toilets or outside in a dark alley!”
Frankie opened the packet and looked inside. “I bought them off a woman, she was going round the club with them, everyone was buying them. The woman said they were liquorice sweets mixed with herbs, she said they were organic and totally natural, she said they were non-addictive. Which is good because I can’t stop eating them.”
Grace put her hand out to grab the bag but Frankie dodged to the side. He opened the bag and shoved a small, dark sweet into his mouth. Grace shot forward and grabbed the bag.
“Hey! Give them back!” Frankie cried out. “Get your own!”
“Which nightclub did you get them from?” Grace asked.
Frankie folded his arms and stuck his lip out. “Not telling you.”
Pearl pointed to a stamp on Frankie’s hand. Grace gave her a small nod. The stamp showed the name of the nightclub – The Black Panther. She’d never been in but she knew where it was.
“I think you’ve had enough for now, and I think you should lie down,” Grace said.
“You can think what you like,” Frankie retorted.
“Give him a slap! Knock some sense into him!” Pearl yelled out.
“Please yourself, I’ll leave you to it,” Grace said, trying not to sound hurt.
Frankie opened his arms and grinned at Grace. He smiled and said, “Let’s not fall out, life is too short. You have a day off and I’ll look after the shop. I’ve loads of energy!”
Frankie subjected her to a wet kiss on the forehead before winking at her and then running out of the room. They heard him bounding down the steps.
“Well!” Connie said. “I never would have thought that he’d be daft enough to get involved with drugs.”
Grace’s head snapped to the side. “For all we know your darling Della could have sold these to him!”
“Grace! There’s no need to talk to Connie like that,” Pearl said. There was a slight pause then she added, “Although I was thinking the same thing. Let’s have a look at those sweets.”
Grace opened the bag as if expecting a bomb to go off. She picked up a black sweet. “It looks like a liquorice twist but it’s fatter. Look, there’s a red seam running through the middle, I wonder if that’s the herb part of it.”
“Herb, my arse! It’s probably cannabis, or crack cocaine,” Pearl said. “What have you spotted now? Speak up!”
Grace closed her hand around the sweet and looked away from Connie. She said, “There’s a letter stamped on the side of it. It’s a letter ‘F’.”
Connie’s voice sounded full of sadness as she said, “F for Flamingo.”

Chapter 25

“This might have nothing to do with Della, it could be anyone at the factory, anyone could get access to the ingredients,” Connie said, a hopeful note in her voice.
Pearl looked at Grace and said, “You know what you have to do, don’t you?”
Grace nodded. “I’ll have to go to the nightclub myself. I haven’t been to one for years, I don’t even know what people wear in those places.”
“Very little, going by what I’ve seen on the news,” Pearl added. “I don’t want to see you dressed like that, Grace, make sure your dress covers your dignity.”
“I can’t go to the nightclub until tonight so I may as well question Vincent, Lucinda and Della. I can show them the recipe book, see how they react.”
“See if you can come back later and tell me how you got on,” Pearl said. “But if I don’t see you before you go to the nightclub promise me you’ll take care, don’t let anyone take advantage of you.”
Grace said goodbye to the old ghosts and headed down the stairs. She had the recipe book and Frankie’s sweets in her handbag. She decided to go out of the back door, she didn’t want Frankie asking for his dodgy sweets back. She picked up the van keys and went out through the kitchen. She headed towards the van. She almost dropped the keys as someone said, “Well, this is a turn-up for the books. What’s going on?”
“Connie!” Grace’s hand flew to her chest. “You must be attached to the recipe book, not the chair.”
Connie looked around  the yard.“Is that a good thing? Does that mean I can come with you?”
“It does. Perhaps you can help me too.” Grace opened the driver’s door and climbed in. Connie floated through the passenger door and sat down. She smiled. “That was strange feeling. Where are we going first?”
Grace took her phone out. “I think I’ll try to see Lucinda first. If she’s out on the road we might be able to meet up somewhere.”
Grace had to speak to Lucinda’s answering service. She left a vague message but said she needed to speak to Lucinda urgently, that it concerned the family business.
“Let’s go and see Vincent at the factory,” Grace suggested. She suddenly winced and looked at Connie. “Are you eating lemon sherbets? I don’t like those, never have. I think they must be the only sweet that I don’t like.”
“Sorry, I’d forgotten that you could now taste my sweets. Let me see what else I’ve got in my pocket. Chocolate toffees?”
Grace nodded. Two seconds later the buttery taste filled her mouth. It was all well and good tasting Connie’s sweets - but was she gaining the calories too? Grace hoped not, she’d had to put on her Christmas trousers this morning, the ones she saved for the huge Christmas meal that Frankie insisted on cooking for her. Grace smiled, he used to insist on cooking that meal for Mum and Dad when they were alive, they all used to put on their special trousers in readiness for Frankie’s feast.
Connie spoke, “You look happy.”
“Just thinking about my family. Is there a shorter way to the factory or should I use the main road?” Grace asked as she pulled out into the traffic.
“The main road is fine. You can tell me about your family, if you don’t mind. It’s better than me turning grey with worry every five minutes.”
Grace was happy to talk about her family as they drove along. It made her feel warm and she loved to talk about Mum and Dad. Connie nodded and said, “I think they came to the shop once! Your mum told me your name and I remember thinking what a lovely name you had. I remember your brother now too. Well! Isn’t that funny? We’ve met before. Oh look, we’re here already.”
Grace pulled into the main car park and soon found a space. She turned the engine off and said to Connie, “I won’t be able to talk to you in front of other people. When I’ve helped other ghosts and needed to tell them something I’ve typed a text on my phone and shown it to them. I might do that with you, if that’s okay.”
“Of course. Let’s get going. I wonder if the factory has changed.”
Connie whooshed through the door and towards the factory. She never got a chance to see if the factory had changed.
“I’m sorry but Mr Vincent isn’t in today, he’s working from home,” the receptionist informed them.
“Are you sure,” Grace asked slowly, giving Connie a chance to whip around to the other side of the desk. Grace tried to look casual as Connie floated through the receptionist’s body and peered at the book in front of her. Connie looked over at Grace and said, “He’s definitely at home. Let’s go.”
Grace declined to leave a message. It was lovely having Connie with her but she moved at a fast pace, was this how she had been in business?
Following instructions from Connie they arrived at Vincent’s home twenty minutes later. Grace stopped the van and stared at the house in front of her. In her stunned state all she could manage to mutter was, “Are you kidding?”

Chapter 26

“It’s quite impressive, isn’t it? Alfred had it built when the business took off,” Connie said.
Grace looked from left to right. “It’s like a mansion! I wasn’t expecting this.” A brass plaque on the wall caught her eye. “Is it really called ‘Flamingo Hall’?”
“It is,” Connie said proudly. “Are you going to drive in?”
Grace looked at the driveway, it was made of actual gravel, not tarmac or block paving. She said, “I don’t want to mess it up. What if I leave flakes of rust on it?”
Connie waved a hand dismissively. “Don’t worry about that, someone will clean it up. Drive up to the door. It looks like Vincent’s at home, and Mirabelle too.”
Grace drove cautiously along the gravel drive. She stopped a respectful distance from two expensive cars. As she switched off the engine she was beginning to regret her Christmas trousers. But what else could she wear? She didn’t own any evening dresses.
As if reading her mind Connie said, “You look fine as you are. Come on, hurry up. I can’t wait to see Vincent and Mirabelle. I wonder what she’s wearing today, she always looks so glamorous. Vincent did well marrying her, probably married above himself but I shouldn’t really say that.”
Grace walked up the stone steps to the huge front doors. She felt like she was in an episode of Downton Abbey. The feeling increased as a butler answered the door, a polite and professional smile on his face.
Grace blinked a few times. Was she imagining him? No, he was still there, in his butler’s uniform. She realised he was waiting for her to speak. 
“I wanted to speak to Vincent, erm, Mr Vincent Flamingo,” Grace managed to say. She almost felt like curtseying.
The butler nodded and said, “And whom shall I say is calling?”
“Grace, Miss Grace Abrahams. Thank you.”
“Please come in, I’ll see if Mr Vincent can see you.”
The door was held open, Grace stepped inside. She pressed her lips together to stop her mouth hanging open in awe. She waited until the butler had walked down to the hall and into a room and then she had a good stare around.
She hissed to Connie, “You could have warned me, I would have worn better shoes!” She looked down at her feet. “Should I take my shoes off? Is that what people do?”
Connie had a proud smile on her face. “Mirabelle has done an excellent job on this place, she has such good taste.”
The butler returned, a polite smile still on his face. Grace wondered if he practised in the mirror. He said, “Mr Vincent would be delighted to see you. If you’d like to follow me? Can I take your ...?”
The butler paused and looked Grace up and down. Oh, how she wished she had a pair of elegant leather gloves to give him. He looked so expectant that Grace gave him what was dangling from her hand.
“Thank you, these are the keys to your vehicle I presume? And this figure on the keyring, I believe it’s Homer Simpson, is that right?”
Grace’s cheeks felt warm. “They belong to my brother.”
“He obviously has good taste,” the butler said, a twinkle in his eye. “This way, please.”
Connie was still looking around the entrance hall. Grace noticed that the strawberries on her dress seemed even redder.
The butler turned slightly to his left, towards a door. The door suddenly sprung open and a vision in gold swept out, almost knocking the butler off his feet.
“Mirabelle,” Connie sighed. 
Mirabelle turned back towards the room she had stormed out of and pointed a finger towards it. Fury flashed from her beautiful eyes as she cried out, “That’s it! No more! You get this sorted and you get it sorted soon! If you think I’m losing everything because of your stupid sisters you can think again!”
Mirabelle turned on her gold high heels and flounced past Grace, her gold dress seemed to flutter in outrage behind her. Mirabelle’s nose was so high in the air that she didn’t notice Grace. She headed towards the double staircase and clipped up the stairs. Grace’s nose wrinkled. Mirabelle wore expensive perfume. A warm memory washed over Grace. Her and Mum had visited Harrods in London a few years ago and everywhere they went in the store the same expensive perfume lingered in the air. Grace offered to buy Mum some but she’d laughed and said she preferred her usual, the one that she got from Ivy in Leeds Market.
The butler gave an embarrassed cough. “Sorry about that. Mr Vincent is in here.”
Vincent was sitting on the edge of the sofa, his head in his hands. Grace felt a rush of sympathy for him. But then she remembered he was a possible murder suspect so she reigned her sympathy in.
“Miss Grace Abrahams,” the butler announced.
Vincent looked up. He immediately smiled and stood up, his hand outstretched. “How lovely to see you again. You wouldn’t believe how furious Della was yesterday over the chaos you caused, it made my day!”
Grace took his warm hand and shook it. “So sorry again about that, I hope it wasn’t too much of a mess.”
“Don’t think anything of it. Please, sit down. Would you like tea and cake? Do you like liquorice cake? We love liquorice in our family, especially Della.”
Grace sat down on the opposite sofa. “I’ve never had liquorice cake before, I’d love to try it.”
Vincent gave a nod to the butler who immediately slid out of the room as if he were on wheels.
Vincent sat down and said, “To what do I owe the honour? I hope you haven’t brought that T-shirt back, it was a gift.”
“No, thank you for that yesterday. It’s a bit of a delicate matter.” Grace decided to get straight to the point. “I’ve got something that belongs to your family.” She pulled the recipe book out of her handbag and handed it over.
Vincent didn’t take it, he just stared at it. When he finally spoke his voice was cold, “Where did you get that from, and what do you want from me?”

Chapter 27

Grace didn’t know what to think. “I found it, inside a chair. I told you yesterday that my brother and I go to storage auctions.”
Vincent nodded curtly.
Grace carried on, “We saw some shop furniture in one of the lockers. My brother saw a chair and said it reminded him of something.” She paused. She could see that Vincent wasn’t in the mood for long explanations. “Anyway, I discovered the chair used to belong to your family, there are pictures of it in your factory. I found this inside the chair. It looks important and I want you to have it back. Please.”
Grace’s hand shook as she held the book out. Vincent studied her. He sighed and the hardness fell from his face. He said, “Sorry about that, that was rude of me. I have, what is referred to nowadays, as trust issues. I thought you were wanting something from me, most people are.”
Grace gave him an understanding smile. “I wanted to give it back, that’s all.”
Vincent returned her smile and took the old recipe book. He carefully slid it out of the plastic wallet and looked through the pages. “I never knew this existed, it’s amazing. I wonder if Mum knew about it.”
Grace shrugged. So Vincent didn’t know about the book, or so he says.
Vincent frowned. “Did you say you found it in a locker? Was it in that storage unit a few miles west of here?”
“It was, there were all sorts of shop fittings in there, they looked old. Did they belong to you?”
Vincent put the book on his lap. “They belong to the family, it’s from the first shop that Alfred Flamingo set up. Have the contents been sold?”
“They have.” This was the perfect time to question Vincent about renting the unit. 
Vincent rubbed a hand against his forehead. “I don’t understand. I rented that locker a while ago. How can they sell it without me knowing?”
Grace wasn’t expecting that. She said, “Some people forget to pay, or change banks or something.”
Vincent sagged, he looked down at the carpet. “I think I know what’s happened. The accountant was supposed to deal with all the accounts, I handed everything over to him.” He looked back up. “I rented the unit to store everything from the shop. I was going to build a museum, behind the main factory. Then I was going to reconstruct the shop just as it was built originally using the original fittings. I took everything out of the shop so that they wouldn’t get damaged any further by customers, although the main counter had been scratched many times but I liked that. It was going to be a big surprise for Mum, I hadn’t even told Mirabelle about it. I still haven’t.”
Grace saw the tears come to Vincent’s eyes. Connie, who had been silent up to that point said, “A museum? What a wonderful idea, I would have loved that.”
Grace said, “You mentioned an accountant?”
“Yes, after Mum died I couldn’t deal with all the usual paperwork so I passed it over to the accountant. He’s fairly new to us but I told him to deal with everything and to ask me if he had any queries. I wonder why the storage fees haven’t been paid. Is it possible he just ignored them? Oh! It’s one thing after another!”
Grace moved over to Vincent and put a hand on his arm. He looked close to a breakdown. She said, “I’ve got the chair, you can have that. The auction was only on Sunday. My brother might be able to track down the man who bought your things. He could even try to buy them back.”
“Really? Do you think that is possible? I would pay of course, I’d pay whatever the man who bought the unit wanted.”
Grace thought about the horrible man who had bought the unit. She’d speak to Frankie and make sure they didn’t pay a penny more than they needed to. She said, “I’ll speak to Frankie later about it. I can’t promise anything but I’ll try.”
Vincent patted her hand. “Thank you, you are a kind person.”
“It might make up for nearly destroying your inventing room yesterday,” Grace said with a smile.
Vincent laughed. “It certainly would. Here’s the cake and tea. Thank you, James.”
Grace looked up, James, the butler had sneaked up soundlessly on them. He placed tea things in front of them along with a cake covered in black icing. James cut Grace a generous size and offered it to her. “Would you like me to make it smaller?” he asked.
Grace shook her head. “I don’t want to put you to any trouble.” She might as well make use of her Christmas trousers.
The cake was delicious, a soft tang of liquorice flavoured the moist sponge and the icing stuck to her teeth in a pleasing manner.
Vincent inspected the recipe book again. He put it back in the plastic wallet and handed it to Grace. He said, “I can’t take this, it must be worth a fortune.”
“I want you to have it,” Grace said, then she realised her mistake. Connie was attached to the book, if she left it here then Connie would stay with it.
Vincent shook his head. “I’ll happily pay you for it, I’ll make some enquiries about its worth. Please, take it.” He gave a laugh, it sounded forced. “If Mirabelle sees this she’ll have it on eBay in a split second. Please keep it safe for me, I’d appreciate it.”
Grace wiped her sticky fingers on a cotton serviette and put the book back in her bag.
Grace felt a cold touch on her shoulder. It was Connie, she said softly, “Please can you ask him about the museum? I’d love to know more.”
Grace did so. Vincent’s face lit up. “I’ll show you the plans.” He stood up and walked over to an old chest of drawers.
Grace let out a small sigh. She still hadn’t questioned him about Connie’s death. How was she supposed to raise that topic?

Chapter 28

Vincent opened a drawer and took out a roll of paper. He unrolled it and laid it out on the desktop. He invited Grace over to have a look.
He pointed to various parts on the proposed plans unaware that Connie was looking over his shoulder. “This is where the entrance is, and here is a ride that takes you all around the museum. This is going to be the fun part right here.” He tapped the plans. “Make your own sweets. There will be lots of ingredients to choose from, we’ll even have a competition for the best new invention. And, of course, there will be a gift shop. I couldn’t get away with not having one, Mum would never forgive me. She probably would have disagreed with the entrance fee that I’m charging!”
Connie made a clicking noise with her tongue as she spotted the proposed price. “He needs to double that price! Doesn’t he know he’s trying to run a business? He always was too soft.”
Grace said, “It looks wonderful. Are you still going ahead with it?”
Vincent began to roll the plans back up. As he did so a scrap of paper fluttered to the floor. Grace picked it up and unwittingly looked at the numbers written on it. Her eyes felt like they were going to pop out of her head. “Wow! It costs a lot to build a factory. Sorry, I’m being nosy.” She handed the paper to Vincent.
He gave her a rueful grin. “The number at the bottom is the cost of the building. The huge number above is part of a proposed business deal. I know, it’s exceedingly high. I must admit, I haven’t dared tell Mirabelle about this yet, I don’t think even she could cope with this amount of money. The money should come through soon, there’s been a few hiccups in our accounts. The new accountant that we have is very thorough, he told me about some discrepancies with the income from the vending machines that we have. I told him I’d sort that out, it was a communication error within the family.” Vincent paused and looked down at the paper roll. “I wonder what Mum would have thought about this museum. Apart from not charging enough.”
Grace looked over at Connie and was glad to see the proud look on her face as she gazed at Vincent. Grace said, “I’m sure she would have been very proud of you.”
Vincent briskly completed the rolling up of the plans. “She might be proud of the museum but I’m not sure how she’d feel about the proposed business deal I’ve set up.”
“What’s he done?” Connie asked, her eyes narrowing.
“What kind of business deal? Are you expanding?” Grace asked, hoping that Vincent didn’t think she was being terribly nosy.
He didn’t seem to think so. “Before Mum died we talked about going into partnership with other companies, companies abroad. We spoke to some people in Germany and France and got some possible deals together.”
Connie nodded. “I remember that. They gave us a good offer, not as high as I wanted, but good enough.”
Vincent returned the plans to the drawer and indicated for Grace to sit back down on the sofa. He sat opposite her and said, “I didn’t think the offers reflected the quality of our products so I kept making enquiries. A huge company in America showed considerable interest, at a considerable price, the price that was written on that bit of paper. You should have seen Mirabelle’s face when I told her the name of the company that wanted to do business with us! We were planning to speak to Mum about it, I knew she might have taken some convincing, she always said she didn’t trust big companies. But, as Mirabelle said, Mum’s motto was ‘It’s business, it’s not personal’.”
“Did you get chance to speak to Connie about it?”
“Not straight away. Being the idiot I am I gave the Americans a provisional yes and before I knew it the contracts were on the way. I was worried that Mum was going to find out from someone before I could speak to her. I didn’t want her to think I was going behind her back.”
Grace thought about what Vincent had said in her vision, was that the deal that he’d been worried about?
Vincent rubbed his hand over his chin, his eyes were downcast. When he raised them to Grace her heart softened at the pain in them. He said, “Have you ever done something that you bitterly regret?”
Grace’s softened heart missed a beat. Was Vincent going to confess to Connie’s murder? Should she really be in this room alone with him? 
Vincent didn’t notice her look of panic. He carried on, “Shortly before Mum died I met up with my sisters, Lucinda and Della. We met at the shop that Alfred Flamingo first set up, I was trying to sort out the removal of the shop fittings. I can’t remember how the subject came up but, please keep an open mind if you can, we talked ... we talked about how to kill Mum.”
“I see,” Grace said, not knowing what else to say.
“I’m so ashamed to admit it now, I was ashamed within minutes of talking about it. I won’t go into details but we all had reasons for not wanting Mum to know what we’d been up to. For me, it was the American deal. And just for a minute or two getting rid of Mum seemed an option. Isn’t that dreadful? So heartless. We said if Mum had to die we’d want it to be quick, painless and to look like an accident.”
Grace nodded. She knew exactly how the conversation had gone. Lucinda and Vincent had been the ones who wanted it to be quick and painless, Della had been the one with a scheming look in her eyes as she said that Connie’s death had to look like an accident.
Vincent gave a mirthless laugh. “I did speak to Mum about the American deal and, as I suspected, her first reaction was to say no. Mum died soon after that, in an accident at home.  It was bad enough having that horrific conversation but when I heard about Mum’s death my first thought was that one of my sisters had gone ahead and murdered Mum.”
“Do you still think that?” Grace asked.
Vincent looked towards the old desk for a moment. Then he looked back at Grace and gave her a bright smile. “Of course not. Mum died in an unfortunate accident.” He stood up. “I don’t mean to sound rude but I really have to get on, I’ve got some important calls to make.”
Grace stood up and shook Vincent’s outstretched hand. James appeared and escorted her all the way to the van.
As they drove away Connie voiced what Grace was thinking, “He knows something, what’s he hiding?”
It seemed to Grace that all of Connie’s children were hiding something.

Chapter 29

Grace had been driving for ten minutes when her phone rang. She pulled over to answer it. It was Lucinda.
After a short conversation they agreed to meet at a nearby cafe. Lucinda was intrigued about Grace’s comment regarding family business.
Connie didn’t speak as they drove to the cafe. 
Lucinda was already sitting at a table inside. Jamie was at her side, holding her hand. Connie hissed when she saw them. “What’s he doing here? She knows I don’t like him. And why are they holding hands? What’s going on?”
Grace ignored the venom in Connie’s voice and put a smile on her face. Lucinda looked much happier than when she’d last seen her at the storage unit office.
Lucinda introduced Jamie and Grace sat down opposite the couple. She explained to Lucinda about the family chair she had come across. Connie hovered behind Jamie, glaring down at him.
Lucinda nodded. “I know the chair you mean but I don’t understand why you would have it. I haven’t been to the original shop since ... for a while, I had no idea everything had been taken out.”
Grace didn’t want to tell Lucinda about Vincent’s plans for the museum, she presumed it was still a secret. She said, “I can’t tell you why the items were in the unit but I discovered something inside the chair. Look.”
She held the plastic covered recipe book out to Lucinda. Lucinda’s eyes widened as she freed her hand from Jamie’s and took it. “Is this what I think it is? The original recipe book?” 
“It looks like it. Did you know it existed?” Grace asked.
Lucinda pressed her lips together and shook her head. Jamie gave her a quizzical look and said, “What is it? I can tell when you’re lying, Lucy. There’s no need for secrets anymore.”
“You don’t have to say anything in front of me,” Grace said with concern.
Lucinda sighed and said, “I did know about it but I didn’t think it really existed. Della told me about it. She said Mum had shown her it one day and told her not to tell anyone else. Della said Mum had told her about it because she loved and trusted Della more than me.”
“I never said that!” Connie exploded.
Jamie patted Lucinda’s hand. “Don’t get upset, she can’t hurt you any more.”
Lucinda gave Jamie a little smile. “I know, but it’s hard to let go, to stop thinking about all the hateful things she used to say to me. I knew Mum liked Della more than me, I didn’t need reminding all the time.”
Connie looked as if that was news to her.
“Why did you think that?” Grace asked.
“Della was the golden girl, still is. She’s the youngest and got spoilt by Mum, she got everything she ever wanted. She loved working in the factory, in the inventing area. She thought she was better than anyone else, and she used to let people know it. I never wanted to work for the family. I tried to speak to Mum many times about it but she wouldn’t listen.”
Connie folded her arms and said, “She was being stubborn, I knew what was best for her.”
Lucinda went on, “When Della told me about this book I thought she was telling me another one of her lies. I told her to prove it but she couldn’t produce the book. When I asked her about it she said Mum had put it somewhere safe but that she’d find it one day. I didn’t care either way. Please take it back, I don’t want anything to do with it.”
Jamie caught Lucinda’s hand as she moved it towards Grace. He said, “Perhaps you should take it, just to stop Della getting her grubby hands on it.”
Connie prodded Jamie on the back, her finger sank through his shirt. “How dare he talk about my Della like that! After all I’ve done for him.”
Grace needed to ask more questions. She took the book back and said, “Jamie, how long have you worked for Flamingo Sweets?”
Jamie gave a bitter laugh. “On and off since I was a lad. I only worked there so I could be close to Lucy.” He turned to Lucinda and gave her a tender look. “It was love at first sight. I used to see her walking to that posh school of hers when she was young.”
Lucinda laughed. “He used to whistle at me. My friends thought he was so common.”
“But you fell for my good looks and charm,” Jamie added.
“I did. I knew Mum would have a fit if she knew I stopped to talk to you on the way to school, but I couldn’t help it. I didn’t care what anyone thought. Nobody knew about our relationship. It was my idea for Jamie to ask Mum for a Saturday job. She said no at first but I convinced her to take him on, I told her she didn’t have to pay him much.”
“I would have worked for free to be near you. I started doing stuff in the shop and factory. When I passed my test I went out on deliveries. I had other jobs as well because Mrs Flamingo still wasn’t paying much.”
“I paid more than he was worth! It makes my blood boil to think he’s been sneaking around behind my back! The pair of them! Pah!”
“I’m not the only reason you stayed at Flamingo’s though, am I?” Lucinda said.
Jamie frowned. “No.” He sighed heavily. “What are we going to do about her, Lucy? Will she be all right when we go?”
Grace’s scalp prickled. Who were they talking about? And, more importantly, where were they going?

Chapter 30

Grace paused. She didn’t feel comfortable firing questions at them. Connie didn’t care, she walked around the table to face the couple. “Where are they going? Are they running away? Grace, don’t just sit there, ask them!”
A sudden thought came to Grace. She said, “I went to the original shop when I was young, I went with my family. I remember seeing your mum, and I saw another woman, she was wearing glasses. I saw an article online about your mum, when she’d passed away, and that same woman was in the photograph. Is she a member of your family? Do you think she’d like to see this book?”
Jamie and Lucinda looked at each other. Lucinda gave Jamie a slight nod and said, “Tell her about Anna, and then I’ll tell her about the other thing. It doesn’t matter who knows now.”
Jamie turned to Grace. “That woman is Anna, my sister. She’s older than me and not very bright.”
“You could have said that a better way,” Lucinda gently admonished him.
Jamie shrugged. “Well, it’s true. She’s kind-hearted but doesn’t know when people are taking advantage of her. When I got that Saturday job at Flamingo’s shop she used to tag along with me. She’d help me clean up and easy stuff like that. Lucy’s mum said she could do a few hours at the shop. I was surprised, she wasn’t often kind. Sorry, Lucy, but you know how I felt about your mum, she was a cold-hearted ...” He shook his head and pressed his lips together as if trying to keep his words in.
“The feeling’s mutual,” Connie said coldly.
“Anyway, Anna loved working there. I’m sure Connie would have paid her in sweets if she could have got away with it. I haven’t seen Anna much since Connie’s funeral, we’ve been busy.” Jamie looked at Lucinda. “Actually, we haven’t seen her for quite a while. If all the shop fittings are in that locker has the shop closed down? When did we last speak to her?”
Lucinda said, “I spoke to her on the phone last week. She was her usual happy self, she didn’t say anything about the shop closing. I wonder if she’s working in the factory. Oh, Jamie! We’ve been so wrapped up in our own problems that we haven’t given Anna a second thought! I’ll give her a ring now.”
“No, Lucy, we’ll ring her later when we get settled in. She can come and live with us if she wants to. Please don’t look at me like that, I know I’m being hard but we have to put ourselves first, we have to go ahead with our plans. I’m sure Anna will be okay for a little while longer.”
Connie pointed to Jamie. “What’s he up to? What are these plans he’s talking about?”
Jamie put his arm around Lucinda and pulled her closer. Grace could see the love between them. She said, “It must have been hard keeping your relationship a secret.”
Jamie released Lucinda. “It was but we’re having a fresh start now.” He looked at his watch. “We should be setting off.”
Lucinda said, “Let me explain it to her, she was kind enough to offer us the recipe book.”
“Okay, as long as she doesn’t go running to the police,” Jamie added.
For the second time that day Grace felt wary. Were Lucinda and Jamie going to confess to the murder of Connie? It was obvious that they were planning to go somewhere.
Lucinda said, “I never wanted to work for the family company but I put up with it for Mum’s sake. I could just about cope with it until I found out how much Mum was paying Della to mess about with sweets in the factory. Jamie was furious, he said I should confront Mum. I couldn’t, I was too mad. I wish I had though. I did something else, something I’m ashamed of. For the last year I’ve been, what’s the best term? Fiddling? Yes, I’ll go with that, I’ve been fiddling the books. I deal with all the vending machine rentals and I’ve been charging more than I put down in the accounting records.”
Jamie leant forward and slapped his hand on the table. “She took what she was entitled to! She should have taken more!”
Lucinda shook her head. “I shouldn’t have taken any, I should have confronted Mum. Anyway, the accountant that we had was old and he never checked the books properly. We got a new accountant and he noticed straight away. He started to ask questions, he knew what I was up to. I was so worried that he was going to tell Mum. I didn’t want her to feel ashamed of me.”
Lucinda looked down at the table. Grace glanced at Connie, the strawberries on her dress had faded. Connie said quietly, “Why didn’t she come to me? We could have talked about it.”
Jamie carried on with the facts. “I couldn’t bear to see Lucy so worried. I knew what she was up to, I didn’t blame her. I told her I would take the blame if Connie ever found out. She already had a low opinion of me. I had some money saved up, I told Lucy it was time to make a fresh start.”
Lucinda looked up. “I had to do something before the accountant told Mum.”
“What did you do?” Grace asked, dreading the answer.
“We planned to run away, leave everything behind. I went to see Mum at home, to say goodbye for the last time. I said I was going away for a few days. The truth was that we were running away.”
Connie said, “I remember that goodbye, she gave me a long hug. I thought that was strange at the time because we never hugged.”
Lucinda’s eyes filled with tears. “That was the last time I ever saw her, she died that night.” 
Chapter 31

Jamie said, “Come on, love, dry your tears. I’ll tell Grace what happened next. We ran away that night, we planned to start a new life. We switched our phones off so we didn’t know about Connie’s death until the day after. Vincent phoned us. We came back immediately and didn’t tell anyone where we’d been. Or what we’d done.” Jamie looked at Lucinda. “Shall I tell her?”
Lucinda wiped a tear away. “I’ll tell her, I like saying it. The day that I said goodbye to Mum was the day that Jamie and I got married.”
Grace heard a gasp from Connie, she had turned a grey colour. Grace hoped she wasn’t going to freeze.
Lucinda said, “I wanted to invite all the family but I knew Mum wouldn’t go. And, to be honest, I didn’t want Della to be there either. We drove up to Scotland to get married in an old castle. It was a beautiful ceremony and I don’t regret it for a moment. The only thing I regret was being so far away from Mum when she died. If she’d been at our wedding ... maybe things would have been different. She wouldn’t have been in the bath that night.”
Lucinda began to cry again. Jamie pulled her close. Lucinda spoke through her tears, “We had our disagreements but I loved Mum. I admired her strength. I knew she would have come round to liking Jamie eventually.”
Connie moved round to Lucinda and put an arm around her, it hovered above her back. “You should have spoken to me.” She sighed. “I should have listened more.”
Jamie planted a kiss on Lucinda’s head. “We really have to go.”
Grace handed Lucinda a tissue and said, “Where are you going? If you don’t mind me asking again.”
Lucinda wiped her cheeks and smiled. “I don’t mind you asking. We’re running away again! We’ve got a house sorted out in Brighton, it’s one of our favourite places. We’ve got enough money saved. Actually, thanks to a family member, we’ve got more than enough! It seems the accountant was about to go to the police and tell them about my activities but he’s been silenced and we’ve been given money to disappear. Jamie thinks I should wait for my share of the will money but I don’t feel like I deserve it, not after what I’ve done.”
Jamie said, “This isn’t your fault! Your mum should have respected your decision to leave the business. And don’t worry what the vending machine owners are saying about you, let the rest of your family sort that out, they get paid enough to deal with problems.” He stood up and helped Lucinda to her feet. Grace noticed the slight swelling of her tummy.
Lucinda caught her look and placed a hand on her tummy. She nodded and said, “If it’s a girl I’m going to call her Constance.”
“Over my dead body!” Jamie said.
Connie laughed. “I don’t blame him! It’s an awful name.” She paused and looked at Jamie. “He really loves her, doesn’t he? I think he’ll take good care of her.”
“You’ll come round to the name,” Lucinda told Jamie. She turned her attention to Grace. “Be careful if you meet Della, she’s got a nasty streak in her. When I heard that Mum had died my first thought was that Della had done it. She’d do anything to get her own way. I’d heard her talking on the phone several times about a new product that she was creating. She said that she’d get the money out of Mum somehow to make sure the product would go ahead.”
Jamie’s eyes narrowed. “I wish I could disagree with you about Della being capable of murder but I’ve seen her in a rage. Come on, Lucy, we really have to go.”
Lucinda gave Grace a final smile and said goodbye. Connie floated down into the chair that Lucinda had been sitting in. They watched the couple walk out of the cafe. Connie said, “I’ve never seen her look so happy. I’ve been such a fool. Why didn’t I let her live her own life?”
Grace whispered, “I’m sure you did what you thought was right at the time. I think it’s time I spoke to Della.”
Connie looked back at Grace. “Della didn’t kill me. I know that you think she did but I know she didn’t, she wouldn’t.”
Grace’s phone rang. It was Frankie, he sounded tired. He asked if she could come back to the shop as he wasn’t feeling well.
When Grace returned to the shop she was shocked at how grey Frankie’s face was. “You’d better get yourself to bed, how are you feeling? Shall I call for a doctor?”
Frankie yawned, “No, I’ll be all right, I’m just tired. Thanks for coming back.”
Grace watched with concern as Frankie dragged himself through the shop and towards the kitchen and stairs.
“Look at what those drugged sweets have done to him. Whoever’s selling them needs to be stopped,” Grace said to Connie.
Connie bristled. “You’re thinking about Della again, aren’t you? You think she’s the one behind these drugged sweets and you still think she’s the one that killed me. You haven’t even spoken to her! How can you judge her?”
Pearl appeared. “Stop talking to Grace like that! She can think what she likes. She doesn’t have to help you, she could tell you to clear off and take your dysfunctional family with you!”
“It’s okay, Pearl. Connie’s right about Della, I shouldn’t form an opinion before I meet her properly.”
The two old ghosts glared at each other, arms folded and pulled tightly against their chests. Connie gave in first. She sighed and said, “No, I’m sorry, Grace. A mother is often blind to their child’s faults. I shouldn’t tell you what to think.”
“No, you shouldn’t,” Pearl added. She turned to Grace and said, “Right, tell me everything.”
Grace told Pearl about Vincent and Lucinda. Pearl nodded as she listened. When Grace had finished talking Pearl said, “We still can’t rule Vincent out, where was he when Connie died?”
Grace shrugged. “I don’t know.”
Pearl went on, “Who paid Lucinda to disappear? Was it Vincent? Or is Della behind this somehow?”
Grace shrugged again. “Sorry, don’t know that either. I’m not very good at questioning people.”
Pearl gave her a kind smile. “Don’t worry, you’ll get better. You can practise again tonight.”
Grace frowned. “Tonight? Am I going somewhere?”
Pearl answered, “You’re going to The Black Panther nightclub to buy some drugs.”

Chapter 32

Grace didn’t know which was more gut-wrenchingly embarrassing – wearing her Christmas trousers with the only evening top she had, or that she was standing on her own in the queue outside The Black Panther. As another group of girls looked her up and down she decided she was more embarrassed about her outfit. What was she supposed to wear? She hadn’t been out to a club in years. Her top had some sequins around the collar and looked fine at home. But going by the short, tight fitted dresses that women were wearing tonight she felt frumpy and out of date.
Connie was reassuringly scathing about how the other women were dressed. “Look at the state of her! You can actually see her knickers! She must be freezing.”
Grace smiled to herself, at least she was warm and comfortable. She moved a few steps up in the queue. She wasn’t the only one on her own, some people were on their phones shouting that they were outside and on their way in. Perhaps she should do that. She looked at the other nightclub people. Apart from the dismissive glances at her clothes no one was paying her any attention. Good, it gave her the chance to study people, to see if she could spot any telltale packets of sweets.
No. Nothing out here. Whoever was selling them must be inside.
“On your own, love?” the doorman asked as he pulled the rope barrier back for her to pass through.
Grace lied, “I’m meeting someone inside.”
The doorman gave her a sympathetic look as if seeing straight through her lie. “Just watch yourself in there, love, there are some dodgy folk about.”
Grace hoped so, she wanted to find the dodgy person who was selling the drugged sweets.
She almost fainted when the skinny girl on the reception desk asked her for a £30 entrance fee. Connie screeched, “£30! To get in here! We’re only staying for a few hours, not the whole week.”
Grace tried handed over her money as easily as if she was passing over 50p but the reception girl had to tug on the note to get it out of her reluctant hand. She followed others as they headed into a darkened room. The heat hit her like a thick blanket, the roar of the music made her ears vibrate. Connie’s mouth was moving but Grace couldn’t hear her. She took out her phone and typed in a text, she held it out to Connie:
‘I’ll go to the left, you go to the right. Let me know if you spot anyone selling sweets.’
Connie nodded and then set off to the right side of the room, floating through dancing people.
Grace politely pushed through people at the left side of the room, looking around as she went. The floor vibrated with the booming music, sweat began to trickle down her back. People knocked into her, drink was spilt over her and a headache began to form at the front of her head.
What am I doing here? I could be at home watching ‘Rizzoli and Isles’. Grace thought about Connie and how grey she had gone when she remembered that someone she loved had killed her. Grace couldn’t let the killer get away with it. She’d keep looking, even if it took all night.
“Hey, Gorgeous! Want to dance?” An older looking man in a satin shirt gyrated in front of her looking hopeful.
Grace smiled politely and said, “No, thank you.”
The man stopped gyrating and peered at her face. “Is it because you’re too tired? You do look knackered, has it been a heavy night? I can get you something to perk you up.”
Grace kept her smile in place. Should she take him up on his offer? Was he talking about the drugged sweets? Or was it something else altogether, something she should run away from? She decided to take a chance.
“I am tired, I’ve been working all day. What can you get me?”
The man put a warm arm around her waist and winked at her. “Something sweet for you, sweet lady. This way.”
Grace tried not to gag at the sweaty aroma that wafted towards her from the man. She allowed herself to be led to the other side of the room. She held down a feeling of panic, where was he taking her? If he headed towards a door she was going to run in the other direction, there was no way she was going to leave the flimsy safety of the nightclub.
Grace looked behind her, hoping that she’d get a glimpse of Connie, hoping to indicate where she was going.
She felt herself being pushed down into a padded seat, she knew the man was nearby as she could still smell him. She was in a darkened booth. Grace blinked a few times and tried to work out who was talking loudly in front of her. Her eyes widened as she recognised two people sitting opposite her. One was Connie. And the other was the woman who worked at the shop, the one Grace had seen in her vision and in the photograph following Connie’s death. What was her name? Anna, that was it. She was Jamie’s sister, the one that he and Lucinda were concerned about.
They wouldn’t be concerned if they saw her now. She had a huge bag at the side of her, even in the poor light Grace could see that it was bulging with brown paper bags. The man that had led her to the booth was having a conversation with Anna. Anna nodded and held out a paper bag. He pressed some money into her hand and took the bag.
Connie’s mouth dropped open. She looked from Anna to Grace, and then back again.
So, it was Anna who was selling the drugged sweets.
Was it Anna who had killed Connie?

Chapter 33

“But why would she kill Connie?” Pearl asked the next morning in the kitchen. “What motive did she have? Had you left money to her in your will?”
Connie, who was sitting opposite her at the kitchen table, said, “I did leave her something, she had become part of the family. She was loyal, I could trust her. I don’t think she’s got it in her to kill anyone.”
“You’d be surprised at who’s capable of murder. Grace, tell me again what you saw. Was Anna definitely on her own when she sold the sweets to your friend?”
“He wasn’t my friend. She was on her own but she was wearing an earpiece, and, from what I could see in the dark, she kept looking around her as if she was being watched.”
Pearl tapped her chin. “Interesting, so she could be working with someone else. Maybe they worked together to kill Connie. Perhaps they wanted to build up some sort of sweet drugs empire and needed Connie out of the way.”
“I can’t see how they are getting away with it,” Grace said. “Surely the nightclub owner has seen what’s going on, he won’t want drugs in his club.”
Pearl gave Grace a smile and shook her head. “I keep forgetting how naive you are. The nightclub owner will know what’s going on, he’s probably taking a cut. Right, what’s your next move?”
Grace swallowed and grimaced. She looked over at Connie and said, “You’re eating lime and mint? I don’t like those at all, not a good combination.”
“Sorry, I’m not too keen myself,” Connie said. She placed a stripy green sweet back into her pocket. “I keep getting the urge to eat sweets and I don’t know what I’m going to get when I reach into my pocket. It’s like a lucky dip.”
Pearl said to Grace, “Are you still getting a taste of Connie’s sweets?”
“I am, at least I’m not eating so many myself now.”
They all looked up to the ceiling. Pearl said, “Sounds like your brother is finally getting up. Where are those sweets that you took off him?”
“Safe in my bag,” Grace said. “Along with those that I got last night. They’re exactly the same.”
Pearl grinned at Grace. “Did you stay and have a dance with your friend last night, after he got those sweets for you?”
Grace looked down at the kitchen table and turned her cup around slightly. “No, I decided to leave.”
Connie laughed. “You should have seen her! I didn’t know she could move so fast. As soon as she got the sweets she told that sleazy looking man that she’d meet him on the dance floor. He was too slow, she was out of the door before he’d even heaved himself off his seat.”
Grace smoothed down her top and stood up. “Frankie’s coming down. I’ll have to work in the shop today. I thought I might go and see Anna later, see if she’s still at the original shop. I might show her the recipe book and see what her reaction is.”
“By heck! A zombie’s just walked into the kitchen!” Pearl cried out.
Frankie did look pale. He slumped into a chair and said, “Any chance of a cuppa?”
“Frankie! You look dreadful!” Grace said, she sat down at his side.
“I feel dreadful, I think it was those black sweets. They had a funny taste to them, like eating metal. I won’t be having any more of those, don’t you touch them either.”
Grace made Frankie a strong cup of tea. Once she was sure he was okay she opened the shop and dealt with the customers. Frankie joined her a few hours later, his cheeks looking rosier
Grace wanted to visit Anna at the shop but wanted to spend time with Frankie too. She hadn’t seen him properly for days. In between serving customers Frankie said that he wouldn’t be seeing his girlfriend again.
“She’ll get over me in time,” he said. “I can’t be doing with going out clubbing every night. I’m starting to feel my age a bit, I prefer to stay in some nights, watch a bit of TV. I don’t mind being on my own.”
Grace smiled to herself. How would Frankie react if he knew he wasn’t alone when he was watching TV? What would he say if he could see Pearl sitting at his side?
Grace wouldn’t mind sharing her home with Pearl. She wondered again what Pearl was attached to. Was it the whole shop? Or was there one item in the shop that she was attached to? Would Pearl ever be able to leave the shop?
Connie had been wandering around the shop all day eating sweets. Grace had enjoyed most of the flavours although she wasn’t keen on the more sour tasting ones. 
Connie came over to Grace and said, “I can’t stop thinking about Anna. I’ve been trying to work out her expression last night, I think she looked scared. What if someone’s forcing her to sell those sweets?”
Della was the name that sprang to Grace’s mind.
Connie said, “Do you think we can go and see Anna soon? I’ve got an awful feeling that she’s in danger somehow.”
Grace gave Connie a nod. She said to Frankie, “Would you mind if I went now? It’s nearly four o’clock, I don’t think we’ll have many customers now.”
“No, you get yourself off. I think I’ll close up soon. I feel like having a quiet night in, watch some American TV.”
Pearl suddenly appeared at Frankie’s shoulder and said, “Let’s watch that CSI programme, I love seeing all that forensic stuff on dead bodies.”
“I think CSI might be on,” Frankie said.
Grace blinked. Could Frankie hear Pearl? No, he would have said something if he could, wouldn’t he?
Grace left Frankie and drove over to the original Flamingo shop, Connie sat at her side. They parked a short way down the road. Grace turned off the engine and looked at the shop.
Connie pointed. “Look at those people outside! They don’t look like typical sweet buyers, they look shifty. They’re going into the shop, what are they after?”
Grace had a sinking feeling, Was Anna selling drugged sweets direct from the shop?

Chapter 34

Grace and Connie waited until the shifty looking customers had left the shop. Grace noticed their pockets were bulging with brown paper bags.
The bell rang as Grace entered the shop. She had a split second of panic, would Anna recognise her from last night? Would she think she was here to buy drugged sweets? Grace considered doing so for a moment but then thought better of it, Anna might not be selling such sweets here.
Anna looked up from the behind the counter, pushed her glasses further up her nose and called out a friendly hello. Grace smiled and said, “Do I have time to look around? Are you closing soon?”
Anna looked at her watch. “We’ve got ten minutes yet but don’t rush, I can wait until you’ve finished.”
She looked down at something behind the counter, Grace couldn’t see what it was. She looked at Connie hoping to indicate for her to go round the counter to see what Anna was looking at.
Connie was standing in the middle of the shop, her hands on her hips. “I don’t like it, they’ve made it look too modern. And what’s that over there? A pick and mix! We’ve never had one of those in our shops!”
Grace walked over to the pick and mix. She’d always liked these, they were perfect for when you couldn’t decide which sweets you wanted. In fact, they should have pick and mixes everywhere – at cake shops, sandwich shops, even restaurants. Then you could have a little bit of everything.
Connie’s voice cut through her thoughts. “Are you actually going to try this pick and mix thing? There are plenty of sweets behind the counter, I’m glad to see they haven’t got rid of them!”
Grace took her phone out and typed :
‘I’m playing for time, go see what Anna is doing’.
Connie nodded but gave Grace a disapproving look before moving away. Grace looked down at the selection of sweets, an open bag in her hand ready to be filled. Where to begin?
Grace started at the chocolate selection and then moved on to the fruity sweet area. Her bag was soon filled. She picked up another empty bag and began to walk around the pick and mix area a third time. She could share with Frankie, maybe. Oh! Coconut mushrooms!
Grace jumped as Connie appeared at her side. Connie said, “Anna was counting out money, lots of money. I’m quite sure that the money isn’t from the shop takings, most people pay with cards. I saw her reaching under the counter and when I looked down I saw boxes of those black sweets. They didn’t all have red stripes running through them like your Frankie’s did, some had yellow and green, there were even ones with purple stripes. I can’t believe Anna is involved in this, she hasn’t got the brains for it.”
Grace nodded and quickly filled her second bag. She took them over to the counter and placed them down. She said, “I think I’m done. There’s too much choice! I came here once with my family, a long time ago. It’s all changed.”
Anna looked over Grace’s shoulder, a sad smile on her face. She seemed unfocused as if she was looking into the past. In a quiet voice she said, “Things have to change, we have to keep up with modern times.”
Connie said, “Sounds like she’s been practising saying that, like she’s repeating what someone has told her. Look how tired she is, she never used to stoop like that.”
Anna picked the sweets up and weighed them. Grace paid for them and waved away Anna’s offer of a carrier bag. “My handbag is big enough and strong enough! When I was here last time I saw a painted chair ...”
She was interrupted by the sound of a phone ringing. Anna jumped, her eyes darted to the wall where the phone hung. Grace actually heard a whimper escaping from the frightened woman.
In a trembling voice Anna said, “I have to get that. Was there anything else?”
“No, but I’ll just have another quick look around, if that’s okay?” Grace said. She had no intention of leaving until Connie had listened to Anna’s telephone conversation.
Grace strode over to the other side of the room to give Anna some privacy. She glanced back at the counter to see Connie standing right next to Anna as she picked up the phone. Grace was glad that Connie was listening because all she could hear from this side of the shop was  mumbling.
Anna’s conversation ended. Grace went back to the counter to say goodbye and thank you. She gave a slight start as she saw how white Anna was. Connie nodded urgently towards the shop door, indicating for Grace to leave quickly.
Anna barely registered Grace’s departure, her eyes were again fixed on something in the past.
Once in the van Connie said, “I couldn’t hear the person on the other end but it seems Anna is being forced to sell those sweets. She kept mumbling that it was wrong and that she didn’t want to do it. The person on the other end sounded annoyed and quite threatening. It seemed like they were arranging a meeting tonight at The Gate House. Anna was positively trembling, poor love.”
“Do you know where The Gate House is?”
Connie crossed her arms and said, “I certainly do! Until I was murdered I used to live there!”

Chapter 35

As they drove along a road that led to Connie’s former home Grace said, “This road looks familiar.” A few minutes later she said, “Why didn’t you tell me you lived with Vincent?”
Connie pointed to the left and said, “I don’t live with him, I’ve got my own house. Turn left down here, this road takes you round the back of Flamingo Hall. Just a bit further and you’ll see another turn to the left.”
Grace followed Connie’s instructions and came to a stop outside a small one storey house. It was small compared to Flamingo Hall but it was three times bigger than Grace’s home. 
Grace looked at the building. “It’s lovely, have you always lived here?”
“No, I used to live in Flamingo Hall but I moved out when Mirabelle and Vincent got married, it seemed only right to agree to let Mirabelle have full control over the big house. I like it here, I feel secure. I can see the big house from my living room window. Shall we go in?”
“Go in? I can’t do that! What if someone sees me?”
“As far as I’m concerned this is still my home, doesn’t matter whether I’m alive or dead! Follow me.”
Connie floated out through the passenger door. Grace reluctantly opened the driver’s door and followed her. It was all right for Connie to say they should go in, how would Grace explain her presence if there was anyone inside? 
Grace tried the handle on the door, hoping for a second that it might be locked. It wasn’t. Connie saw the look on her face and said, “I never lock it, I don’t need to. I’ve always felt secure in this house.”
Grace didn’t remind her that she had been murdered in this house. She followed Connie into a cosy looking living room. There were family pictures displayed around the room along with photographs and drawings of the many Flamingo shops and buildings.
“Would you mind if I looked in the bathroom, the one where you ... were murdered?” Grace asked as politely as she could.
“Ah, the crime scene,” Connie said with a nod. “Are you going to look for clues? See if the police missed anything.”
“Something like that,” Grace replied. “Your house looks clean, do you think someone is coming in to clean it?”
“Maybe. Or maybe Mirabelle has organised for a cleaner to come here. Mirabelle likes things to be tidy.” 
Connie led Grace to the bathroom. Grace wrinkled her nose. What was that smell? She looked around, fluffy towels were placed on a shelf next to the walk-in shower, half-used candles were placed neatly around the edges of the bath, unopened bottles of luxury body lotions were lined up like soldiers on the window sill.
Grace looked over at Connie and said, “How are you feeling? Is it upsetting you to be in here?”
Connie shook her head and gave her a small smile. “It’s strange, I feel sort of peaceful, as if I’m letting go of my problems. That’s funny, no one has cleaned this room. It looks the same as the night I died. If anyone is living here they’re probably using a different bathroom, I’ve got three.”
Grace was just about to comment when they heard a noise. “What was that?”
“Sounds like the front door, I can hear voices. Are you going to say hello? Introduce yourself?”
Grace silently closed the bathroom door and whispered, “It would be better if I could introduce myself from the other side of the front door, not skulking away in the bathroom. Is there a way out? Does that window open?”
Connie gave her a puzzled look. “Yes but I don’t see why you don’t just go out and say hello. I think I can hear Della’s voice, you said you wanted to meet her.”
Della was Grace’s number one suspect and she didn’t want to meet her like this. Grace carefully and silently moved the body lotion bottles to one side of the window sill. The window opened easily. If she climbed onto the side of the bath she could heave herself up.
Grace did so and managed to get her front half out of the window. Her hips had other ideas and decided to get stuck. Grace cursed all the sweets she had been eating. Maybe if she turned to the side a bit?
Grace felt a sharp tap on her bottom. She froze.
A cold voice said, “May I help you?”
Grace looked back. The furious look in Della’s eyes made the hairs on her arms stand up. Mustering as much dignity as she could manage Grace said, “Yes, thank you. I seem to be stuck. If you could just move out of the way I’ll try to wriggle backwards.”
The world slowed down as Grace inched slowly backwards, fully aware of Della’s eyes boring into her. Grace pulled herself from the window and, with a polite smile on her face, climbed out of the bath. Della’s nostrils flared as Grace directed a bright smile at her.
“Oh, I nearly forgot.” Grace closed the bathroom window and placed the bottles of lotion back into their original positions. She turned to face Della. She soon wished she hadn’t. Recognition lit up on Della’s face. She jabbed a finger towards her and hissed, “It’s you! The stupid cow that destroyed my experiment! What the hell are you doing here? Who sent you? No, you don’t have to tell me. I know who you’re working for! I should just kill you now!”
Della took a step forward, Grace took a step back.
Someone screamed.
It was Anna. She stood in the bathroom doorway, wringing her hands. She called out, “Della! No! No more killing! Please!”

Chapter 36

“Shut up!” Della shouted.
Anna shot forward and grabbed Grace’s arm. “Run! Run as fast as you can!”
Della snarled, “Be quiet, Anna. What do you think she is? The Gingerbread Man? Get back in the living room.”
Anna moved closer to Grace, her lips and chin trembled as if she was on the verge of tears.
Della looked Grace up and down. “Start explaining yourself.”
Grace tensed, she wasn’t going to have Della talking to her like that. In a calm voice she said, “I will explain myself but not here, and not with you talking to me like that.”
Grace put her hand out and firmly pushed Della out of the way. She strode into the living room and sat down on an upholstered chair. She placed her handbag on the floor and waited for Della.
Anna came into the room first, her head bowed. She pulled a wooden chair close to Grace and perched on the end of it. Della marched in and stood in front of Grace, looking her direct in the eye.
“Please sit down,” Grace said.
Della snorted but did as she was asked. She sat on a sofa opposite Grace.
Grace could feel Anna studying her. Surely she had recognised her by now? Anna spoke, “Didn’t I see you in the shop today?”
“Course you did!” Della boomed out. “She’s been spying on us. She works for Nick, she’s trying to get our family recipe, the special one. I hope you weren’t stupid enough to sell her any sweets.”
Anna trembled. She focused on the carpet and said, “Yes, but just the normal ones, not the special ones, not the black ones.”
“Stop talking!” Della ordered. Grace felt a flush of anger. Della was a nasty bully.
Connie sat down next to Della and looked at her as if she was looking at a stranger. She said to Grace, “I don’t know why she’s talking to poor Anna like this, she must be under a lot of stress.”
Grace arched an eyebrow in reply. Stress was not an excuse. She turned her attention to Della and said, “I don’t know who this Nick person is but I certainly don’t work for him. A few days ago I found something that belonged to the Flamingo Sweets, something I wanted to return to the family. I went to the shop today hoping to speak to someone there about it. Unfortunately, I never got a chance to raise the subject with Anna.”
“So you thought you’d come here and break into my home,” Della said with a sneer. “I should call the police.”
“I didn’t break in, the door was unlocked,” Grace said, glad she was telling the truth. “I thought I might catch someone here. I came to Flamingo Hall yesterday and Vincent told me I might find you here.” Grace said the last part with conviction, hoping that her lie wasn’t obvious.
Della looked towards the living room window, the one that faced Flamingo Hall. “I didn’t realise that Vincent knew I was staying here. I moved in after Mum died.” She turned her attention back to Grace. “Your story sounds flimsy, why were you at the factory the other day?”
“Hoping to speak to someone in the family about the item I found. I got caught up in the tour. Sorry about the chaos I caused.” Grace reached into her handbag and brought the recipe book out. She held it up, she had no intention of handing it over to Della.
Della’s mouth dropped open. “Alfred’s recipe book! It still exists. I thought Mum had lost it somewhere. Give it to me, it’s mine.”
Grace drew the book closer to her. “No, it’s mine. I found it inside an old chair.”
Della’s lips drew back in a snarl. “It doesn’t belong to you. You just said you wanted to return it to me.”
“I said I wanted to return it to the family, I didn’t specifically say you,” Grace corrected.
Della stood up. “I know what you’re after, you want money don’t you? I can see it in your face. Well, you’re not getting any! Give me that book before I rip your hand off!”
Anna put a shaking hand on top of Grace’s arm. “Please give it to her, don’t make her angry. You don’t know what she can do.”
Grace stood up and stared Della in the eye. “Don’t threaten me.”
Della moved closer. Grace could smell liquorice on her breath. “You should listen to Anna, you don’t know what I’m capable of.”
“I know what you’re capable of,” a voice coldly said.
Mirabelle came into the room, she took in the surroundings and then looked at Della. “You may as well confess, dear Della, we all know what you’ve done. Anna knows it and so do I. It’s time to confess.”
Della frowned. “Confess to what? I don’t know what you’re talking about. Get out of here, this is Mum’s home, or are you planning to take this away too?”
Mirabelle laughed. “Poor Della, pretending to be concerned about Connie. Just admit what you’ve done.”
“I haven’t done anything!” Della’s voice rose to a shout.
Mirabelle gave her a false smile, then she turned to Grace. “I don’t know who you are but you should know that Della here is a murderer.”
Della said, “A what? What did you just call me?”
“A murderer,” Mirabelle repeated matter of factly. “Anna knows, don’t you.”
Anna was looking at the carpet again. Grace knelt next to Anna and put a hand on her trembling knee. In a soft voice she said, “Anna, is there something you want to say? Please don’t be scared, I won’t let Della hurt you.”
“Don’t say a word, you idiot!” Della hissed.
Grace carried on, “Don’t pay her any attention. I can tell that you’re frightened about something. Please tell us.”
Anna slowly raised her head, she looked at Della and winced. She turned her head and looked into Grace’s face. She said, “Della did murder her mum, she told me that. And she made me do things, things I didn’t want to do. She said she’d kill me if I didn’t do everything she said.”
Grace looked up at Della. “Is this true?”
Della gave her a bored look and said, “Yes. So what?”

Chapter 37

Della sat down on the sofa, folded her arms and looked between Grace and Mirabelle. Connie sat back on the sofa, reached into her pocket and took out a sweet. She didn’t show any concern over Della’s admission. Was it because she already knew?
Grace felt a trickle of liquorice slip down her throat. Did Connie have to be eating liquorice at a time like this?
Mirabelle gave Grace a satisfied smile, there was more than a hint of smugness there. She pointed a manicured finger at Grace and said, “You heard her admit it, you’re a witness, and so is that feeble-minded idiot at your side.”
An uneasy feeling was stirring inside Grace. Something wasn’t right. She had suspected Della all along so why didn’t she feel satisfied now that Della had admitted it?
Grace addressed Della, “Why did you kill her?”
Della lifted a single eyebrow and said, “I didn’t kill Mum but I told Anna that I had.”
There was a few seconds silence. Grace said, “Why did you do that?”
“Isn’t it obvious? Anna thought I’d killed Mum and she thought I’d kill her too if she didn’t obey my orders. Oh! You should have seen her face when I first told her, it was like she shrunk three inches, it was so funny. And you wouldn’t believe the things that she does for me, I don’t even have to pay her! It’s like having a robotic servant.”
Anna cried out, “But I heard you all! In the shop that night, you were planning to kill Connie, I heard you!”
So, it had been Anna listening to the conversation that night, not Connie.
“I know what you heard,” Della said. “And I know that you told Mum about it. When Mum asked me what you were talking about I told her you were losing your mind, becoming even more of a simpleton.”
Grace could feel her chest tightening with rage, Della was a nasty piece of work. Connie was calmly sucking on the same piece of liquorice. Grace felt another spurt of its juice in her mouth.
Mirabelle gave Della a filthy look and said, “You’re lying, Della, and Anna knows it. I’m going to phone the police.”
“Go ahead, you’ve got no proof.”
Anna had started to cry. Grace reached into her handbag and took a tissue out. “Here, please don’t let her upset you.”
Anna took the tissue. “I don’t know what to think. If she didn’t kill Connie why did she say she did? And why did she make me do those awful things?”
“What did she make you do?” Grace asked, although she suspected that she already knew the answer.
Anna wiped her eyes. “She made me sell special sweets, sweets that had drugs in them. I had to go to nightclubs and sell them there, I was so afraid of getting caught. I don’t like the people in the nightclubs, they scare me when they eat the sweets. And then people came to the shop for sweets, I don’t like them either.”
“It doesn’t matter now,” Mirabelle said, pointing her phone at Della. “We’ll have her locked up soon.”
“Don’t be stupid, I told you I didn’t do it,” Della said. “Why would I want to kill Mum? She was the only one that ever supported me, the only one who ever listened to me.”
Mirabelle said, “You killed her because of your filthy drugs habit, and the fact that you were selling Flamingo sweets laced with goodness knows what. We have a reputation to uphold, we can’t have scum like you bringing it down. Connie probably found out about your nasty sweets and threatened to tell the police, that’s why you killed her. We heard rumours about some dodgy Flamingo sweets but Vincent refused to believe them. The rumours affected his business deal with a big American company, they were going to pay us a fortune. Vincent was planning on opening a museum and now he’s had to put everything on hold until the deal goes through.”
A stronger dose of liquorice burst inside Grace’s mouth. She blinked. It tasted slightly different. What was it?
 It was a metallic taste.
Grace’s breath caught as she realised what it was. She looked closer at Connie. Connie met her look, her expression as cold and calculating as Della’s.
Grace felt a chill as she realised what was going on. She said to Della, “Your mum knew about the sweets, didn’t she?”
Della slowly smiled. “Of course she knew about the sweets, she encouraged me to make more. She was amazed at how much money I was making. She used to try some of the sweets  too. I’d make special ones for her – some to help with her arthritis and some to help her sleep. We were planning on expanding to other towns.”
Connie swallowed the last of the liquorice and said to Grace, “Don’t look so shocked, we were running a business.”
Mirabelle looked towards the fireplace, she seemed to be thinking about something. Then she walked towards the living room curtains and closed them. She moved to the door, locked it and put the key in her pocket.
“What are you doing? There’s no need to lock me in, I told you I didn’t kill Mum,” Della said.
Mirabelle smiled down at her and said, “Yes, I know that.”
Grace suddenly recalled the smell in the bathroom. It was the same expensive scent that Mirabelle wore. Connie had told her that she didn’t know where the candles had come from on the night of her death. And Mirabelle had just admitted to knowing about the American money and the museum but didn’t Vincent say he hadn’t told her yet? 
Grace stood up and faced Mirabelle. “You killed Connie, didn’t you?”

Chapter 38

“I had to,” Mirabelle said in a smooth voice. “She was going to ruin everything. Vincent had this great deal lined up, it was going to change our lives. I’d already put a deposit on a villa in France. But Connie wouldn’t agree to the deal. Vincent said he would talk her round but I wasn’t convinced. I knew there was something going on with Connie and Della, I knew they were up to something. I had to put a stop to their drug business.” She tutted. “Della, you should have kept these curtains closed of an evening, I could see what you and Connie were up to from my bedroom, all that messing about with syringes. And it didn’t take me long to find out where you were selling dodgy sweets. You’ve already damaged our reputation, I couldn’t let it go on. I had to get Connie out of the way.”
Della jumped up and sprang towards Mirabelle, her hands like claws ready to attack.
Mirabelle moved swiftly to one side. Della swayed on her feet, her arms still outstretched. A moan escaped from her pale lips and she seemed to fold in on herself as she collapsed to the floor.
Connie screamed.
Mirabelle said, “I wondered how long it would take to work. That’s a shame. I wanted the police to arrest her first. Oh well.”
Grace said, “What have you done? Quick! Call an ambulance! She can’t breath!”
“Della!” Connie rushed over to her daughter’s side.
“Good.” Mirabelle walked over to the fireplace and picked up a silver box from the shelf above it. She opened it and took out a syringe. She held it up and tapped her index fingernail against it. “This is what Della’s been using for Connie’s sweets. I’ve been watching them. Della used to inject some of this into Connie’s sweets on an evening. I presumed that’s what helped her sleep. It was usually the liquorice sweets but sometimes the strawberry bombs.”
“Did you put some in Connie’s sweets on the night that you murdered her?” Grace asked.
“I did. I put plenty in, I wanted her to be as sleepy as possible. She was a tough woman, she would have fought me back if she hadn’t been drugged so much. It took a few attempts to get her to quieten down in that bath, she really struggled. She made such a mess, ruined my blue silk dress.” Mirabelle smiled as she examined the syringe. “And earlier on today I put some in those sweets that Della has been scoffing. There should be enough to kill her, hopefully. It would have been so much easier if  I could have framed her for Connie’s murder. I did put doubts in Vincent’s head but he’s such a wimp when it comes to protecting family.”
Connie looked back at Mirabelle, her face twisted in anguish. “Mirabelle, I can’t believe you would do that to me, I thought we were friends. Oh! Grace! Do something about Della!”
Mirabelle pointed the syringe at Grace. “Sit down. I wish you hadn’t turned up today. Della was going to die and then Anna was going to tell the police about Della’s admission of guilt. I could have convinced her to say exactly what I wanted her to say. I needed Della out of the way. I’d already paid off Della’s thieving sister and her common boyfriend earlier today. All the loose ends were going to be tied up neatly. 
“But then you turned up, whoever you are. It would have been better if Della had died straight after admitting that she told Anna she’d killed Connie, then you could have told the police that. But now you’ll have to tell them what Della said after that. That’s a nuisance. Hmm. What am I going to do about you?”
Mirabelle sounded as if she was having a discussion at a social event. Did she expect Grace to reply? Mirabelle began to walk up and down in front of the fireplace, a frown on her face  as if mulling something over in her mind.
Grace took in her surroundings. Della’s eyes were closed but Grace could see her chest slowly rising. A strange wailing sound came from Connie. Grace looked at her just as she started to turn grey again. Anna was sobbing away, tears streaming down from under her glasses. Grace had to do something, she couldn’t let Della die, no matter how horrible she was.
Mirabelle turned on her heel and clicked her fingers. “Of course! You could be one of Della’s customers. You certainly look as if you like sweets. Yes, that’s it. Anna, listen, you need to remember this story. This woman came here looking for sweets and she got into an argument with Della. There was a fight and they both died. I’m not sure how yet but I’ll think of something.” Mirabelle pointed the syringe at Grace. “Of course, you’ll have to die by being injected with this, it’s a quick way to go. Is there anything you want to say before you go?”
Grace tried not to flinch at the nearness of the needle. She quietly said, “You’re a cold-bloodied murderer. You drugged and killed an old woman all for the sake of money. You won’t get away with it.”
“If you’re not going to say anything helpful then be quiet,” Mirabelle said. She tapped the syringe again and moved closer. “It won’t hurt much if you keep still.”
Grace had no intention of keeping still. In one swift movement she moved sideways and reached for her handbag. She swung it up and aimed it at Mirabelle’s hand. She misjudged the distance. The heavy sweet filled handbag whacked into the side of Mirabelle’s head. Mirabelle collapsed onto the floor and the syringe rolled out of her hand. Grace darted forwards and kicked the syringe away. Mirabelle’s eyelids fluttered and then her head flopped to one side.
Anna whispered, “Have you killed her?”
Grace knelt down and checked her pulse. “No, she’s okay. Anna, phone for an ambulance. And the police.” 
Anna came over to Grace’s side. “Are you sure she’s not dead? I don’t like dead people.”
Grace took Anna back to the chair and sat her down. “Everything’s going to be all right now, Anna, but we need an ambulance for Della.”
Anna began to cry again. Grace took her phone out and made the necessary calls. She almost stopped in mid sentence when she saw what was happening to Della.
Grace quickly finished her calls and put her phone away. She glanced at Anna. The poor woman was in her own world, rocking herself back and forth on the chair and muttering to herself. Grace hoped that she wouldn’t notice her talking to Connie.
Grace knelt down next to Connie and hissed, “Connie! Snap out of it! Look at what you’re doing. You’ve turned grey again and now it’s all over to Della!” 
Connie blinked and came out of her trance. “Oh! My poor baby! What have I done?”
Connie threw herself on Della’s body. Grace watched as the grey mist slowly turned pink. Connie’s colour came back too. Connie looked up from her sobbing. “Grace! She’s breathing normally again. I must have done something to save her. Della, my precious baby!”
Grace’s legs felt weak. She collapsed onto the nearest seat. It looked like Della was going to be okay, Grace wasn’t sure if that was a good thing or not. Mirabelle was still out for the count and Anna was mumbling to herself. Grace heard a distant siren. She tried to compose herself. She’d need to speak to the police about what had been going on. She hoped Anna would back her up. She’d need to support Anna too.
Grace’s eyes began to sting. She wanted to go home, to run away from all of this. What was she doing here? Why had she got herself involved in this awful mess, and with this awful family? What was the point of helping someone like Connie when all along she knew about the drugged sweets? Connie had known that Frankie had been eating those sweets and she never said a thing. Grace thought bitterly that Connie hadn’t deserved her help.
She couldn’t do this anymore. Murdered ghosts, and all kinds of ghosts, could sort themselves out in future. She’d had enough.

Chapter 39

“You can’t avoid me forever!” Pearl cried out.
Grace fastened her trousers. “Do you really have to follow me into the bathroom? Can’t I have some privacy?”
“No. I’ll wait in the kitchen for you.”
Grace grumbled to herself as she flushed the toilet and then washed her hands. When she walked into the kitchen Pearl was sitting at the table with her arms tightly folded and a stern expression on her face.
“I’ve got to get back to the shop,” Grace told her and attempted to walk past the table. 
She jumped as Pearl thundered, “Grace Abrahams! You aren’t going anywhere until you’ve talked to me. Get your bottom in that chair now!”
Grace considered making a run for it but she knew there was no point, Pearl wouldn’t leave her alone.
Grace reluctantly sat opposite Pearl. “What do you want to talk about?”
Pearl unfolded her arms and pointed at Grace. “Lose the sulky attitude, you’re not a teenager. It’s been two weeks since you solved Connie’s murder and you’ve hardly said a word to me about it.”
“I did tell you about it! I told you that Della pulled through and that the police arrested her on drugs charges.”
“And you told me about Mirabelle being arrested for Connie’s murder and Della’s attempted murder. I’m glad you convinced Anna to speak up for herself. You did a god job.”
Grace looked down at her hands. “So, there you are, what else do you need to know? I told you Connie disappeared into a white mist as soon as Della came round properly, she hasn’t returned so I assume she’s at peace, or whatever ghosts feel when they go away.”
Pearl’s tone softened. “I know all the facts about Connie and her family. I want to know what happened to you. Your attitude has changed. When you’ve helped ghosts before you’ve been proud of yourself, you said you felt useful. You’re not like that with this case. Why?”
Grace looked up from her hands. She saw the kind look on Pearl’s face. She let out a big heart-felt sigh. “Pearl, they were horrible, the lot of them! Connie was hard-faced about the drugged sweets, she was harsh with her children, she forced Lucinda into a life she didn’t want. Della was the nastiest person that I’ve ever met. There was a moment when I hoped she’d die. What does that say about me? And Mirabelle, she didn’t show any remorse for killing Connie, all she was bothered about was money. To be honest, Pearl, I was glad to see the back of Connie. She even smiled at Mirabelle as she floated away, as if she understood why she’d done it. I felt ... grubby, I didn’t like being involved with any of them.”
Pearl put her hand out and patted Grace’s hands. Grace felt a warmth pass through them and up along her arms. Pearl said, “Tell me about Anna, what’s happened to her?”
“I sat with her as she spoke to the police. She was like a frightened mouse. She kept looking over her shoulder as if expecting Della to be there. The police understood what she had gone through, they aren’t going to charge her with anything.”
“Didn’t you go and see her last week?” Pearl asked.
Grace nodded. “I went back to the shop to see how she was doing.”
“And?”
Grace smiled. “She looked like a different person, sort of taller.”
“Like a weight had been lifted from her shoulders?”
“Yes, I suppose so. She was so much happier, she wouldn’t stop saying thank you to me. Jamie and Lucinda have been in touch with her, they said she could live with them in Brighton. Anna kept offering me free sweets but I said no. I never want to see Flamingo sweets again as long as I live!”
Pearl said, “You helped Anna. Forget about the rest of them, some people are nasty and selfish, and nothing you can do can change that. And it’s all right to wish some of them dead, I’ve done so many a time! Think about Anna, wasn’t it worth finding out who killed Connie just so you could help her? You’ve changed her life. Goodness knows what Della was planning for her in the future.”
Grace looked into Pearl’s eyes for a moment. The old ghost was right. She was glad that she had helped Anna.
Pearl carried on, “You need to put your feelings to one side when dealing with murder cases. You’ll come across some evil people and I’m not just talking about the murderers. Don’t let them get to you, focus on the help that you are giving. And don’t expect any thanks. Now, was there anything else that was bothering you?”
Grace squirmed in her seat. “I nearly killed Mirabelle when I hit her with my handbag. I really swung my bag at her, I was furious. It’s not the first time I’ve felt that sort of rage. Pearl, what if I have to defend myself again some day and I actually kill someone?”
“Self-defence lessons, that’s what you need. I had to learn how to defend myself and it’s time you did too. It’ll do you good to get out a bit more, meet new people. Find out today where you can go for lessons.”
“I will do. Thanks for listening to me. And thanks for forcing me to talk. I’m always keeping things to myself.” Grace stood up.
Pearl nodded. “I’m here to keep an eye on you. Now, the big question. Are you going to help any more murdered ghosts? I’ve noticed that you didn’t go to the last two auctions with your brother.”
Grace sighed again. “You don’t miss anything. I was ready to give up helping ghosts but I think I’m ready to get back to it. Oh! Frankie’s calling me. I’ll speak to you later.”
“I’ll be here.”
Frankie was waiting near the front door of the shop. The door was open and two men were bringing something huge inside.
“What’s that? Are you expecting a delivery?” Grace asked.
Frankie was reading a note. “It’s from that man, Vincent Flamingo. The one whose stuff I got back. Do you remember, you asked me to get that old shop stuff back?”
Grace nodded. Vincent had spoken to her at the police station on the night that Mirabelle had been arrested. He’d looked strangely calm and Grace wondered if he suspected that Mirabelle had killed his mum all along. She’d insisted on him having the old recipe book. Connie was no longer attached to it and Grace didn’t want to see it again.
Frankie laughed. “He’s reorganising Flamingo Sweets and said we can have one of the older vending machines.”
Grace pulled a face. There was no way she’d be ordering Flamingo sweets to fill up the vending machine.
Frankie laughed again as he read on. “He said he’s going to give us a lifetime supply of  Flamingo Sweets at no cost! Awesome!”
Grace heard a cackle behind her. Pearl’s voice floated out, “What was that you said about never seeing another Flamingo Sweet?”
Grace’s eyes narrowed as she looked at the vending machine. Its days were numbered, she was planning to commit her own sweet murder.   

A note from the author
I love watching storage auction programmes. I’ve never been to one but I’d love to visit one of the big ones in America, I’m sure I’d be useless at bidding though – I’d be too excited.
When I watch the shows I always wonder where the items have come from, and who they belonged to. I wondered what would happen if some of the items had ghosts attached. I reached a point where I couldn’t stand it anymore and I knew I had to write some stories down, I was inspired by the variety of items that have been discovered in storage lockers. Also, I am a big fan of ‘cozy’ murder mysteries and I wanted to combine items found in a locker with a murder!

I hope you enjoyed this story. If you did could you post a quick review? Thank you, I read all my reviews and I really do appreciate them.


To get details of my free books and special offers sign up to my newsletter at:
www.gillianlarkin.co.uk

You can email me at:
gillianlarkin67@gmail.com
 
Best wishes
Gillian

STORAGE GHOST MURDER – A SWEET MURDER
By
GILLIAN LARKIN
www.gillianlarkin.co.uk
Front cover image by www.coverkicks.com
Copyright 2014 by Gillian Larkin
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced in any form, electronically or mechanically without permission from the author.

This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person living or death is purely coincidental.









