
THE STOLEN DA VINCI MANUSCRIPTS


Episode 1 & Episode 2


Author: Joshua Elliot James


~~~
Smashwords Edition

Copyright


This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Published in the United States by Joshua Elliot James
Published 2014

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in retrieval system, copied in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise transmitted without written permission from the publisher. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of this material in any way. You must not circulate this book in any format. Joshua Elliot James does not control or direct users’ actions and is not responsible for the information or content shared, harm and/or actions of the book readers.


In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher constitute unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like to use material from the book (other than just simply for reviewing the book), prior permission must be obtained by contacting the author at joshuaelliotjames@gmail.com
Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.

CONTENTS


Copyright
About the Author
EPISODE 1: THE STOLEN DA VINCI MANUSCRIPTS & DEATH IN GENEVA
1: The Mysterious Letter
2: Visit To London
3: The Mysterious Man From Rome
4: Late Night Detective Work
5: Back On Track
6: The Tango Competition
7: The Suspects
8: Murder In Geneva
9: Panama And One Purple Bag
10: Back To Rome Meeting The Traitor
11: Retrieving Valuable Manuscripts
EPISODE 2: THE STOLEN DA VINCI MANUSCRIPTS & MURDER IN SPAIN
1: Singapore
2: Calling In Favors
3: The Millionaire
4: Confusion
5: Facing Gavin
6: Being Chased In Rome
7: Murder In Spain
8: Under Arrest
9: Finally Back To London
10: Romance in Rome
Checkout Other Great Books by Joshua Elliot James

Checkout Other Great Books by Joshua Elliot James:

Archaeological Mystery Thrillers
The Perfect Killing Machine
The Ruby Red Eyed Beast
The Stolen Da Vinci Manuscripts
The Ancient Gate Into Another World
The Mysterious Dragon God Of Yonaguni

Arthurian Saga Series
Secret Knight - Conspiracy, Book 1


About the Author:


• Follow Joshua Elliot James on Twitter
• Become a fan of  Joshua Elliot James on Facebook
• Find out more at www.joshuaelliotjames.com

Episode 1
THE STOLEN DA VINCI MANUSCRIPTS & DEATH IN GENEVA
Chapter 1: The Mysterious Letter


The envelope contains a small corner of paper, apparently torn from a manuscript, and a note that reads ‘If you want more, come to 60-12 Piazza de Castagno 1, Rome, Italy, 81053.’ There is no mention of a date or time. I flip the envelope and scan for clues- it is addressed specifically to me ‘Ms. Arcadia Jones’, Curator, Metropolitan Museum, New York, NY. 11201; there is nothing else but the postmark of Roma.
I’m optimistic, because the sender expects me to date the sample and become excited enough to pursue the lead, so I head to schedule a test with my assistant Sebastian Sabourin.
“Three days.” He tells me.
“Can you work it in earlier?” I beg, “I have a feeling it’s important.”
He scans his work schedule. “I guess I can bump ‘Harrison’ – he was called away for two weeks. Okay, I’ll have it tomorrow – say around noon.”
I hand him the corner of paper and plant a kiss on his cheek. “Sebastian, you’re wonderful!”

The Accelerator Mass Spectrometer carbon dating device performs impeccably and tells us that the scrap of parchment is dated circa 1510 plus or minus.
Okay – let’s get to work.
I’ll base my search engine on Italy and include a span of five years either side: I’m offered several starting points – The Great Flood of Rome, the Great Fire at the Rialto of Venice, the Medici restored to power, Florence was captured by the Spanish, Agrippa returned to Northern Italy… none of these stimulate my interest. Anyway they’re pretty well documented. No, there’s something missing…
Missing…
Now I get interested. What’s ‘missing’ from that period? Was that what somebody found? The search engine is not co-operative on finding ‘missing’ parameters, so I lean back in my chair, close my eyes and allow my imagination to run free. I’m in Italy, there’s the Tower of Pisa – doesn’t seem to be leaning to me at the moment… paintings I’ve only dreamed of seeing are there before my eyes, the canals of Venice – I’m in a gondola heading to the Sistine Chapel, I look up and see the yet unfinished work of da Vinci – I sit bolt upright, but don’t open my eyes. Wild tales told by my parents flit through my mind – da Vinci… something’s ringing a bell…
Back to the search engine; I type in da Vinci… blah, blah – all the stuff I remember from studies at Harvard, but wait… what’s this? There’s a link to a different site. I open it and it leads me to the ‘ten top mysteries of all time’. There, staring me in the face at ‘number ten’ is a report of the disappearance of 85% of da Vinci’s books containing ideas for inventions, with sketches. On his death these books were bequeathed to his friend and pupil, the painter Francesco Melzi, but they were stolen on his death in 1570 when his possessions were ransacked and many of them stolen. As a painter, Melzi worked so closely with and for Leonardo that some works which were originally attributed to Leonardo are today ascribed to Melzi
When things seem too good to believe, they usually are and there was one time when I thought the same of the ‘Rosetta Stone’ – but I digress. Back to the present; obviously I have to pursue this, so I’ll get Professor Hannibal to sub for me at Harvard and take a leave of absence from the museum for two weeks – that will give time to see my parents in London. If anybody can shed light on this, it will be them – after all they taught ‘Indiana Jones’ all he knows.
Chapter 2: Visit To London


I so miss the speed of the retired turbojet-powered supersonic passenger airliner Concorde, when traveling to London on one took no longer than a regular flight to Florida it seemed, but we eventually touch down at Heathrow and I whisk through ‘customs’ with all the special benefits of a ‘first class’ passenger.
A forty minute cab ride and I’m hugging my parents in their luxury ‘flat’ - as they call an apartment in jolly old Britain, on the banks of the Thames. I can see HMS Belfast, now a permanently moored tourist attraction near the London Bridge, from their panoramic window.
“So bring us up to date with this mystery letter.” My father urges.
I show it to him and he produces an ever ready magnifying glass from his waistcoat pocket. After several minutes of study he hands it to my mother without a word. She scrutinizes back and front, but pays particular attention to the torn edge before returning it with a nod.
“Vellum undoubtedly, probably from around 1500.” He announces with authority.
“Stored particularly well.” My mother adds. “If not, this sample would be brittle or mold stained; just the right amount of humidity.”
“Why not parchment?” I ask.
My father hands the glass to me. “See the faint hair mark? This is most likely the back of the sheet. Parchment had a different process which typically removed hairs – this is from calf skin – not lamb.”
“What about the envelope?”
“It’s just an envelope – nothing special, although the address is intriguing.”
“Why?”
“Rome. Home of a subversive art movement founded by a former pupil of da Vinci – Bartolomeo Suardi, if I recall correctly.
“You guys are amazing.” I compliment.
“Guys? What happened to your vocabulary, Arcadia? My mother complains.
“America.”
“When are you leaving for Rome?” Father asks.
“Day after tomorrow.”
“Good – let’s invite Gavin Galbraith for dinner tomorrow then.”
“Gavin – he’s in town?”
“Yes, he called last night.”
“That would be nice.”
Gavin was the hottest man I ever knew and our relationship was perfect until he spoiled it by asking me to marry him. He was the one responsible for sparking my passion for red high heel shoes - and the Argentine tango, the most sensuous dance in the world. The two fit together so perfectly.

The moment I see him, old emotions flood back. His gorgeous black hair is a little longer than before and I imagine how great it would look slicked-back under dance floor floodlights. His hazel eyes show obvious pleasure in seeing me and his strong arms engulf me greedily.
“Arcadia, you look radiant!” He compliments and takes a step back to admire me from head to foot. “Ah - red shoes.”
“I didn’t want to disappoint you.”
“You could never disappoint me, you know that. Your father tells me you’re off on another quest tomorrow.”
“Yes, another adventure.”
“Where?”
“Italy.”
“Italy… so romantic.”
“Yes. It is.”
“Do you know what’s happening in Rome next week?” He asks with a boyish grin.
I haven’t heard of anything in the news or media. “No.”
“The European Tango Championships.”
My pulse quickens. “No! - Where?”
“The ‘La Cabala’ club.”
“Oh I must go!”
“Let me take you.” Gavin suggests out of the blue.
“No, you can’t, you mustn’t, how can you? Can you?” The words leave my mouth without control.
“Yes - I can. I have no assignments pending.”
My arms grab around his neck and he swings me around. “I can’t believe it!”

We ate ‘Italian’ tonight, just to get in the mood.
My parents are thrilled that Gavin will accompany me, more for hopes of rekindled feelings than as a protector I think, they always liked him.
I wish the handmade pair of shoes I ordered from the Craddock Terry shoe manufacturers at Lynchburg in Virginia had arrived in time, but oh well, I’ll just have to make do.
Chapter 3: The Mysterious Man From Rome


The flight to Rome takes no time, in part because Gavin is there to amuse me. Being back with him is comfortable, like putting on an old pair of slippers.
“So what have you done since we were last together?” He asks during the taxi ride to our hotel.
“Well, let’s see… I achieved ‘black belt’ level in karate, wrote an advanced computer archaeology program and completed the Spanish language course. I think that’s it.”
“As well as teaching at Harvard and ‘curating’ the museum – how on earth do you find the time?”
“You can always find time if you love what you do”. I answer.
We arrive at the Hotel Eden Rome and check in, just before dark.
“Adjoining rooms?” He asks.
“Certainly – with the connecting door lock on my side.” I agree.
“Fair enough.”
The rooms are spacious and decorated toward the Renaissance period. Four poster beds draped with gold and green sateen dominate each and I notice Gavin’s eyes light appreciably but refrain from commenting. The view from the windows is breathtaking across the seven historic hills of Rome, which cradle the Forum, the Coliseum, the Vatican and the Trevi Fountain.
“Let’s freshen up and find that address, then have dinner.” He suggests.
“No, let’s just have dinner.” I counter.
“But I thought…”
I know what you thought, but this is my show. “I don’t think it wise to investigate a strange neighbourhood at night.”
“You’re right; Okay, dinner then.”
I usher Gavin to his room to change clothes and make sure he hears the lock engage behind him.
We decide to have dinner at the famous rooftop restaurant, La Terrazza dell' Eden The Italian cuisine is marvelous, the wine list a connoisseur's dream and the panorama view over Rome is spectacular. I feel like a tourist but have to remind myself that I am here to do my detective work. Five other couples are enjoying the food and wine, and become captive diners when lightning and thunder erupts unexpectedly around us. Fabric globe lanterns, strung around the open terrace, swing wildly but settle to a modest sway when the wind subsides. A small band briefly silenced by the storm, strike up ‘Volare’ from a meager shelter and awake my urge.
“Arcadia, it’s raining!”
“I must dance.”
“You’re crazy.”
“I know – come.” I reach out my hand but he casts it aside with a grunt.
I shed my shoes and walk to the small dance floor to the obvious joy of the band, which starts to play with renewed vigor. I spin and trace steps in the wet mosaic floor with abandon, lost to everything but the music and the dance. My auburn hair sprays fans of water pearls when I pirouette, and the sound of rumbling thunder serves as a drumbeat to the musicians.
I feel a hand grab my wrist. “We must go – your dress…”
I look down and see that my white dress has become quite transparent.
“Gavin – I have underwear…”
“But everyone can see.” He argues with a sweeping gesture of his arm.
“Gavin – you’re jealous!”
“Who wouldn’t be?”
I succumb, but not before the music stops.
Back at my room, we have a nightcap and I make sure his is substantial enough to induce slumber once he retires to his bed, but I am aware of several attempts to open the communicating door while I change into black slacks and top.
Chapter 4: Late Night Detective Work


The rain has ceased now and late night revelers travel the streets in search of the next party. I have to ask directions a couple of times, but reach my destination without mishap.
Here it is, 60-12 Piazza de Castagno - a quaint corner home on a treed quadrangle. Four quarry tiled pathways lead to a central fountain where children, who should be in bed by now, shriek and splash in the pool, but that’s okay with me, for it takes attention away from my presence.
I peer through wooden shutters into a room which contains a table and chairs, dresser and china cabinet – nothing spectacular. The only other light from the interior shines into an alley behind the home from an upper window, so I move to take a look but all I can see is a chandelier hanging from the ceiling. A small balcony outside the window is not reachable unless there is a rope or ladder inside the fenced area so I quietly open the solid gate and peer in.
The hinges give a slight squeak, just enough to alert whatever the beast was that pounded the gate against my left temple, and caught my head between it and the post. I’m trapped - I cannot back out and dare not go forward for risk of the animal ripping my head off. Its weight is pressed hard against the gate and its putrid breath and snapping fangs reach within inches of my face. I half sense the upstairs light extinguish and hear a man’s voice shout ‘Shadow’! Down!
The gate swings inward sufficiently to retract my head and I stagger to the deeper darkness of the alley. The same voice yells “Who’s there?” in my direction and attracts the attention of passers by, so I depart in the opposite direction, holding my hand to my head to stem a trickle of blood running down my cheek. I lower my beret to hide my injuries and get back to my room with all haste.
The bathroom mirror reflects a half inch gash on my right temple which I repair with butterfly tape and super glue – with luck there will be no scar to remind me of tonight’s sortie. The accompanying bruises suggest that I will have at least one black eye come morning.
Chapter 5: Back On Track


I’m awakened by a knock on the door and my head is pounding as I reach to open it.
“What the hell happened to you?” Gavin exclaims.
“Sleep walked.” I lie.
“Off the balcony?” He quipped.
“Feels like it, where’s my aspirin?” I dig into my purse and come up with the Bayers. Gavin already has a glass of water poured.
“I can’t imagine what you ran into.” He commented, looking round the room.
“Nor me – it was dark.” I hate to fib, but sometimes there’s just no choice.
We arrange to meet in half an hour for breakfast and then head to the house. I shower and apply Chanel ‘Number Five’ liberally to cover any odor that will alert the dog to me, along with layers of foundation.
“Pooh ha!” Gavin commented, “Did you bathe in that stuff?”
“Oh is it too strong?” I ask innocently.
“That knock on the head may be worse than I thought.” He says.
“It’ll wear off.” I promise.
“Not soon enough.”
Gavin pulls the bell handle at number 60-12 and the door opens a crack.
“I’m Arcadia Jones.” I announce. “From New York - someone at this address sent me a sample of vellum.”
The door opens wide and we are ushered in quickly. The old man sticks his head outside and looks to see if we were seen before closing it. “Up there.” He points to the stairs.
This is not the voice I heard last night.
I recognize the chandelier and pray that the dog is not in the room. It’s not. I look out the window – there’s a huge Bull Mastiff lazing by the fence. I see how lucky I was.
A door opens and another man enters – younger, strong arms, olive complexion, nice smile.
He extends a hand. “Roberto.” He has that handsome Italian face that female movie goers fall in love with and a grace of movement that seems fluid.
“Arcadia.” I respond and he kisses the back of my hand.
“Ah, good – I have been expecting you. Can I see your driver’s license or your passport please? One cannot be too careful.” He shrugs. “And this is?” He asks in a beautiful Italian accent.
“Gavin – my friend.”
“He is to be trusted?” Roberto asks bluntly.
“Completely”.
“What happened to your face?” He inquires.
“Sleep walked.” Gavin answers on my behalf.
“Mmm. Someone tried to break in here last night.” Roberto said. “Whoever it was got away lightly – if the dog got whoever it was, it would not have been pretty.”
I read understanding on Gavin’s face. “She walked into a door.” He says, “You know – a strange place and all that.”
“You were together?”
“Yes – she woke me out of a great dream about a tango.” He lies.
Roberto shows skepticism but casts it aside. “Now, I will tell you a story. Many hundreds of years ago Leonardo da Vinci bestowed many of his books of inventions to…”
“Francesco Melzi.” I interrupt.
“Ah, you know the story already I see. Good, this will save time.”
“I dated the sample – as you expected.” I answer.
“But of course; so, here is what you don’t know – they were found”.
“Found! Where?”
“At the Roman Baths in England. They were in a specially constructed container, built into the ceiling of one of the warm spring rooms.”
“How perfect! Controlled temperature and humidity all year-round.” I applaud.
“Actually centuries- round.” Roberto corrects. “I’m sure that the person who had them placed in that location did not expect to retrieve them soon and thought this was the best place.”
“So where are the books now?” I ask.
“I don’t know – they were stolen again.”
“From where?”
“Here.”
“What! You had them here?”
“Yes.”
“You’re nuts!”
“I know – I wanted to show them to my father.”
“This is your father?”
“Yes. He is a little senile and I’m sorry to tell you that he told some people that I had them. That’s why I have the dog.”
“A little late.” Gavin iterated.
“You think I don’t know!” Roberto argued loudly. “I still have the one page though.”
“May I see it?”
Roberto retreated to the other room and after sounds of furniture being moved, reemerged carefully handling a folder, which he placed on the table.
I don a pair of lab gloves and open it, gingerly. My eyes behold what appears to be a totally authentic page containing drawings of a helicopter and what we know today as ‘hang gliders’, along with copious notes in da Vinci’s hand. The fragment of paper received by me matches the torn corner perfectly.
“You do realize that just one sketch by da Vinci sold in the UK for eight million pounds. That makes this one sheet worth around twenty million or more – and you have it under your bed… unbelievable. How did you come by them anyway?”
“I found a letter in my great grandfather’s trunk after he passed away - it was from a man named Lorenzo di Alfonso, describing the exact position of the ‘box’ as he called it. I thought it was a hoax, but anyway I went to England and took a tour of the Roman Baths. It blended in so well, but I could see where it was and could have reached it if I stood on a couple of bricks. To cut a long story short, I found a restoration worker in need of money and bribed him with many Pounds to retrieve it for me, and he was sympathetic that this was my family’s heirloom after I showed him the letter. To my shock and distress that worker was found dead the next day. He was murdered. It was all over the news and the police asked for any witnesses to come forward but I did not dare to show my face as I was too worried about the lost Manuscripts and my own life to be honest.”
“Do you have any idea who could have murdered the man and stolen the box?” I ask.
“Papa does not remember exactly who he told.”
“So it could be anyone in Rome.?” Gavin said.
“No – papa stays only here – in the piazza. He gets confused anywhere else.”
“So then, let’s think this through – the books cannot be sold in Italy unless to a private buyer for his own collection, or for further profit. They are more likely to be sold to a major player abroad – say Switzerland, for example.”
“I like that possibility – no hassle with customs and within easy driving distance.” Gavin agreed.
“It’s a starting point at least – Roberto why don’t you ask around and find out if any of the locals are planning, or have recently taken a trip somewhere.” I suggest. “Here is my cell phone number – call me as soon as you have news. And put this folder in a bank safety deposit box immediately.”
“I will.”
Chapter 6: The Tango Competition


“Why did you lie to me?” Gavin asked while we waited for a taxi.
“I didn’t think you would understand.”
“That you went alone?”
“Yes – Gavin, it’s what I do. Whenever I am tracking down artefacts for the museum, I do it alone. It can be dangerous.”
“So I see – was it the dog?”
“Yes – trapped my head in the gate.”
“You’re lucky.”
We are picked up by a yellow and black Fiat, which drops us at the Trevi Fountain for sightseeing. Gavin is frustrated by the amount of time I spend in clothing stores, but a girl’s gotta do, what a girl’s gotta do. By the end of the excursion I am the proud owner of a pair of red high heeled shoes and a slinky outfit which will be stunning for the first round of the tango championship tonight. I can’t wait.
Gavin has procured fabulous seats in the front row of the right wing. We get a peek behind the scenes at dancers in preparation for their performance on stage when the curtain sways, and I feel my blood gush when the orchestra strikes their opening number.
I rise from my seat despite Gavin’s frantic attempt to stop me and dance alone. It takes but a few seconds before spotlights illuminate my red dress with black lace trim, and only a few more before a man joins me from the center seating. He controls me and positions himself masterly for my leg to entwine his at every smoldering turn. His hands ardently trace the curves of my body and his eyes lock mine in hot blooded passion. My head swims to the point of fainting but I am saved when the music comes to an end. Applause rocks the auditorium and I become aware of everyone standing and clapping in my direction – even Gavin. My partner kisses my hand, escorts me to my seat and joins the applause. “Bellissimo!” He yells to the crowd.
I take a bow and sit.
“Do you know who you just danced with?” Gavin asks.
“Of course not.”
“Adriano Bellini – I read the tag pinned on his jacket - you may not have recognized him, but I’m sure you know the name.”
“Of course! He’s one of the best in the world!”
“Well, he’s a judge here.”
“I danced with Adriano Bellini! I don’t believe it.”
“Believe.” said a voice beside me. “He’s my husband. He didn’t tell me that he would be dancing tonight though.”
“He didn’t know.” Gavin told her. “Whenever music plays, Arcadia has to dance – no matter where she is or what’s happening around her - it’s a sickness.”
“That is a wonderful sickness then.” She congratulated. “I have not seen Adriano dance with such passion for a long time.”
“Why? Why is he not competing tonight?” I ask.
“When I injured my leg, he swore that he would never dance in competition until I was healed.”
“Oh, of course – you’re Antonia.”
“Yes, I am.”
You cannot imagine what willpower I drew upon to remain seated for the rest of the evening, and my feet perform every step of every dance until the final couple rest.
With the judging completed, Adriano comes over to tell me that he expects me to compete in the championships next year and gives me his business card. “If my wife is not healed I may have to break my promise and have you as my partner!” He jokes.
My cell phone interrupts the conversation and I apologize. “Sorry, I have to take this call.”
“That is perfectly alright.” He says. “But please call me soon.”
I nod. “Hello…”
“This is Roberto, I am in the taverna. Signorina Capello says two people from here went travelling recently – one went to Geneva and the other to Paris. She says both left at short notice.’
“Okay, thanks Roberto, I’ll sleep on it and see you in the morning.”
“I’ll be here.”
I relay the information to Gavin.
“Do you want me to come along?” He asks.
“Tomorrow morning - yes.” I leave the rest unsaid.
He looks disappointed.
He looks disappointed later, when I complain of a headache and condemn him to his own room again. I don’t know what’s holding me back from being with him.
I get to know the ceiling quite intimately before falling asleep and awake early enough to take a long jog along the river Tiber, prior to meeting Gavin for breakfast.
“So what do you think?” He asks.
“I think Geneva – that’s where I would go.”
“I think so too, but if you’re kicking me out I could go back to England via Paris and check that out.”
“You would do that for me – after the way I’ve treated you?”
“I know you don’t deserve it, but yes I would.”
“Okay, let’s visit Roberto.”
Chapter 7: The Suspects


He looks as bad as the hangover must feel inside. “Been up all night?” Gavin enquires.
“No, too much vino – I had to loosen tongues last night.”
“Ah…”
“Did you find out more?” I ask. I have an impulse to soothe his temples, but resist.
“Just a little. The man who went to Geneva was alone – his name is Luigi Marconi – he is at the bar most nights so it is very possible that he heard papa talking about my ‘box’. He sells Vespa motor scooters for a living and deals marijuana on the side - everyone knows about it, even the police but it is seen as petty crime and so he is left alone. He left two days ago.”
“Do you know where he is staying?”
“Si, that was easy – at the ‘Victoria Grand Hotel’ – his mother is furious that he went without her – a few glasses of Valpolicella had her singing like a bird”.
“What about the Paris trip?”
“Edoardo Ricci – he supposedly went to visit his sick grandfather and I believe it – he is a god fearing man and would not steal from anyone.”
“I think we can dispense with him then.”
“Okay.” Gavin agreed.
“Anything else?” I ask.
“No.”
“Describe the ‘box’ for me.”
“It is a classic solid teak chest with metal reinforcing banding. About fourteen inches by eighteen and twenty four inches deep. It is dark brown in colour. The letters L.D.V. are stamped in Gold just below the lock.”
“Thank you – one last thing…”
“Yes?”
“Did you place the ‘page’ in a bank yesterday?”
“I did.”
“Good. Keep your father under control.”
“I will.”
“Roberto – if anyone asks – I was never here – capiche?”
“Capiche.”
“Pray that I find the trail and can re-acquire the books, though I don’t know who in the world has enough money to buy them – I’ll have to work on a consortium. Okay, I’ll be in touch.”
“I trust you and I pray for you.” Roberto promised.
I turn as we step out. “Don’t even think of trying to sell that page.”
“I will wait.”
Chapter 8: Murder In Geneva


My parting with Gavin is tearful, but necessary. I must be free to make decisions and act quickly, but I promise we’ll make up for lost time when I’m back in England.
This is not looking to be a good day, traffic delays cause me to miss my flight to Geneva and the best option is to take a different flight routed through Frankfurt. I take my seat in a less than positive mood. I need a drink.
The plane is barely airborne before the ‘A2’ seat light illuminates in the galley.
“Yes ma’am” the flight attendant asks.
“A double Scotch whisky please.”
“Ma’am we are not serving alcohol at this time, would you like coffee?”
“Is this First Class?”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Then can I expect First Class service?’
“Absolutely ma’am.”
“Then you can do two things for me…”
“Yes ma’am.”
“Firstly – stop ending every sentence with the word ‘ma’am’ and secondly bring me a double Scotch whisky.”
“I’m sorry m…, but we are only serving coffee and soft beverages now.”
“Very well – I will take an Irish coffee made with Scotch whisky, but hold the coffee and cream. Do I make myself clear?”
“Let me have the chief steward attend to you Ma…‘Miss.’
“Good morning ma’am, how may I be of assistance?”
“I am having a very bad day, we can make it acceptably tolerable, or I can be a total bitch for the remainder of the flight; which would you prefer?”
“The former ma’am.”
“Then I would very much like you to bring me a double ‘Scotch whisky’ on the rocks.”
“We are not serving…”
“If you say the word ‘alcohol’, I’ll scream. I assure you that if you open any dictionary and look up the word ‘bitch’, you will find my photograph staring back at you. So what’s it to be?” I demand coldly.
“I will be right back.”
“I’ll take one of those also…” A fat man in a business suit across the aisle, requests. He wants to make small talk but I’m in no mood, so he retreats back into the pages of his ‘Financial Times’.
After a couple of sips of whiskey and I mellow enough to put the earlier snafus of the day out of my mind. I won’t waste time developing a plan because I don’t know what I’m up against, so I watch the scenery unfold below like a patchwork quilt.
We finally land at Geneva airport at eight o’clock, as darkness falls – I could have rented a car and have driven here in the same amount of time as the flight took and been more mobile, but there is a readily available taxi to take me to the ‘Victoria Grand Hotel’.
The desk clerk looks me up and down with approval and smiles. “Good evening madam, how can I be of assistance?”
Strange how the word ‘madam’ does not irk me like ‘ma’am’ does.
“A room please – the best.”
“Oui, but of course. How long will you be staying?”
“I’m not sure, three or four days, I would imagine.”
“Then let me suggest the ‘Einstein Suite’”.
“Great idea…” I quip, but I’m not sure he gets it. I complete and sign the guest log at the top of a fresh page –not what I want, so I flip back to the previous one with a disapproving look from the clerk.
“I was wondering how many guests you have staying here.” I explained.
I continue to scan until I see the number of Luigi Marconi’s room – 207 and push the register away with disinterest.
My rooms are decorated in a style reminiscent of the storage basement of the Metropolitan museum so I feel quite at home. Next on the itinerary is to become intimately familiar with the hotel and to this end I walk the corridors and stairs down to the lobby, paying particular attention to the second floor. The fire escapes are like any others and easily accessible. Back at my rooms I sketch the images in my mind to paper and retire with a Sydney Sheldon novel and glass of Johnny Walker Black Label.

It’s easy to spot Marconi at breakfast – guests not used to staying in first class hotels display an uneasiness complex. Marconi appeared at the door and didn’t know what to do – sit or wait to be seated? It’s written all over his face. He knows whatever his decision it will be the wrong one, so he waits while other guests walk past him and seat themselves. A waitress diverts and suggests a table, which he takes with a “Grazie”.
Aha, I am right. He is pretty much as I expected – black slicked back hair, pencil moustache, high cheek bones and a pointy nose. He is dressed in an ill-fitting white suit with black pinstripes, black tie and matching shoes that would look more in place on a golf course. Now, he is off somewhere after eating – so I need to decide whether to follow or check out his room. I’ll follow – it’s likely that he has placed a ‘please clean’ hang tag on his door and I cannot risk discovery by cleaning staff.
He carries nothing when leaving the hotel which means he already found a buyer or has the box secured somewhere. We head south on foot along Bruxelles Boulevard before turning left onto Bath Street and he enters an alley between buildings. I watch from the entrance until he disappears from sight and I continue down. There are two doorways where I lost sight of him and neither looks inviting, but I see cobwebs undisturbed on one of the handles. I crouch to look through the keyhole of the other door and just as I get to peer through I am grabbed by the neck and slammed roughly against the paneling. My karate skills kick in automatically and I seize the wrist and twist under it to reverse the situation and come up behind the assailant. I kick his feet out and drop him to his knees before slamming his head twice into the hefty frame and get out of there before I’m discovered by anyone else. My heart pounds when I enter a shopping mall three blocks away and look for signs of being followed, but I see no-one.
The reason I was attacked is obviously related to Marconi, but why? It would seem that he has made contact with buyers for the books and if this is the case, he hasn’t delivered them yet. I have to get back there and stake out the place and to that end purchase a smock and hat from the store before securing a good vantage point. A man’s head pops out from inside the alley every thirty seconds or so and scans the street but pays no attention to the woman looking in the antique shop window.
Marconi appears after five minutes and I walk ahead but allow him to overtake me. He leads me to the Suisse Bank and reappears with a brown paper wrapped parcel of about the size Roberto described. It’s a good bet that these are the da Vinci books and I quiver with the feeling of being so close. I expect him to return to the alley, but instead he heads to the hotel via a meandering route, being fearful of being tailed. I maintain anonymity by discarding the smock and hat at different locations and donning sun glasses that I picked up surreptitiously from a vendor stand. I pick a magazine and sit in the lobby while I develop a plan.
To this day I kick myself for not being aware of the person that was following me. In retrospect, he was hiding in plain sight – gaudy tropical shirt, tan shorts, white sunglasses and open toed sandals – who would take a second glance at such an obvious tourist? Even when he took the elevator to the second floor it didn’t hit home. I just did not expect to be followed. I was completely focused on Marconi only.
I wait for Marconi to show within half an hour and when he doesn’t I decide to investigate. His door is slightly ajar but not enough to see inside and there are no sounds from inside the room so I gently push it open further. A hand comes into view, palm upturned, lying on the carpet; it doesn’t move. I stick my head in and look around to make sure there is no one else here; the room is empty. Marconi has a knife stuck in his chest. I swallow hard and turn my attention to the area and search for the box, but I know in my mind it’s missing. And it is. I replay events from the time we returned to the hotel and realize that only one person went to the second floor – ‘flower shirt’ has it. He didn’t come back to the lobby and the window is locked from the inside so he’s still in the hotel or he took the stairs. What should I do? I leave the room quietly; making sure nobody has seen me. I do not bother to phone the police. Let room services discover the body as I have more important things to do right now than being interrogated by the police. I will assist them after I have solved the case myself. But I know that I am dealing with a very dangerous man.
On a hunch I go to the maitre de.
“Yes miss?”
“By chance did you see the gentleman in the Hawaiian shirt a short while ago?”
“I see everything here miss.”
“Can you tell me if he is a guest here?”
“Miss, this is the ‘Victoria’ - have you seen any other guest dressed in – ‘that’ – attire?” He asked with utter disdain.
“That’s what I thought, thank you.” A twenty dollar bill passes hands.
Now what? I can take root in the lobby and wait for someone carrying a box, or go looking. I’d better grow roots. Several guests check out with luggage but these are not what I’m interested in – it’s the lone man in a business suit, toting a purple wheeled airline carry-on bag that gets my attention. He could be off to a meeting, but why would a person not have an attaché or brief case? It just looks ‘wrong’.
I follow, and he knows it. He enters a taxi and gives his destination but I’m not close enough to hear – I get a taxi and follow. We arrive at Fiumicino airport at the KLM departure building, but he has already disappeared into the crowd. I look at the departure board – there are three KLM flights scheduled – Amsterdam, Lisbon and Tocumen. All international flights, but only the latter requiring passport clearance, which seems to rule it out. So – Amsterdam or Lisbon? Holland or Portugal? I go with Amsterdam only because of the diamond exchange and make my way to gate B17. Boarding has not been announced and so I get a good look at the passengers. The guy with the purple bag is not among them. The Lisbon flight is at gate B19 and is boarding – my gut says this is not the one. That leaves Tocumen. But why Panama? I check the board and see that the flight leaves from gate D10 – I’ll never make it in time but the elevated concourse will let me see the departure lounge. And there he is - I swear he looks up at me before heading down the embarkation ramp.
I take a deep breath, it always triggers my resolve, he’s gone but I cannot let go and so I return to the hotel and my I-pad. The KLM flight has a stop in Mauritania but there is an Air France non-stop flight that will get me there sooner. Oh I love computers! A couple of clicks and I have an e-ticket reservation; my bags are packed and I’m back at the airport with twenty minutes to spare – enough time to grab a bottle of blond hair color and blaring red lipstick from the duty free shop.
The looks I got on emerging from the first class lavatory on board told me I did it right – from the red high heeled shoes and clinging dress, to the shoulder length ash blond curls brushing my shoulders, I look pretty darn stunning and I’m sure my quarry won’t recognize me.
I purchase a second bag from the Samsonite store, which I load with heavy souvenirs and secure in locker 117. Now all I have to do is wait for the KLM flight to arrive.
Chapter 9: Panama And One Purple Bag


Forty minutes later its status changes to ‘landed’, so I choose a seat near the baggage collection carousels and watch. Only one purple bag makes the rounds amidst those with colored ribbons attached for easy identification and I walk close enough to read the travel tag. ‘Cesar Montego, 224 Santa Maria Street, San Abajo, Los Santos.’ According to a map on the wall, there is a small airport at Howard – about forty kilometers away from San Abajo, and the next flight scheduled does not leave for three hours. I place my bag on the carousel next to his and wait for him to show. The bags take a turn out of reach when he appears and he stands close to me to wait for it.
“It’s a beautiful day, no?” He asks.
“Yes, it is.” I agree.
“Where you go – from here?” He asks.
“Rio Halo.”
“Ah, beautiful place, I went there once – you live there?”
“No, I wait for my friend’s chauffer.”
“I go the other way – to Los Santos. I wait for another plane.”
“I have to wait also, the limo was delayed.”
We reach for the bags. “We wait together no?”
“I don’t think so.” I decline.
“Why not? We are friends now, no? My I introduce myself to you, I am Montego.”
“Pleased to meet you Montego, I am Sophia,” I lie to him. “Well… I am a little hungry, perhaps a bit to eat.”
“Si, I buy.” He promises.
“Okay, but I want to put my bag in a locker - can’t be too careful you know. I heard there are thieves in the airport.”
He looks at his bag with concern. “Good idea – I do too.”
I choose locker 119 and he takes 123.
We order a ‘Cuban’ pressed sandwich and he suggests a Seco Herrerano to accompany. “This is the national drink of Panama.” He announces proudly.
I take a sip – it’s strong and reminiscent of clear rum. “It’s very good.”
“Two more…” He orders.
“You’ll get me dizzy.” I complain with a giggle.
“S’okay – we no drive – no?”
“No – we no drive.”
I’m surprised the potted plant next to me didn’t wilt with the alcohol I fed it and I estimate that I consumed one drink to his three which made it easy to pick the locker key from his pocket. Now I have to get rid of him.
“This Seco Herr… whatever makes me sleepy.” I giggle more.
“There is a hotel, right here – you want to rest for a while? I wake you up in time.” He offers.
“I shouldn’t.” I say, stroking his chin. “I really shouldn’t.”
“You’re safe with me – you trust me, no?”
Now I don’t know about you, but rule number one I learned as an adult was never trust anyone who says ‘trust me’. “Sure I trusht you.” I slur. “Okay – why don’t you get a room while I purchase some ‘items’ from the pharmacy. I’ll be right there.”
Not believing his good fortune, he positively runs to the hotel entrance while I head to the lockers. It’s an easy job to switch the box from Montego’s purple bag to mine and put the souvenirs in his. After toting his bag to get the weights close I have two iron statues left which I leave in the spare bag and place on the floor. I leave his bag in the locker but take mine with me. On the way to the hotel I draw the attention of a security guard to the unattended bag outside the lockers and meet with Montego in the lobby. I stagger against him to replace the key in his pocket and explain the presence of my bag “I need my nightie.”
His eyes light up with anticipation just as a loud whistle sounds outside.
“Whatsh that?” I ask.
“I go see.”
He is distraught on return. “It’s security – the lockers are cordoned off – I can’t get my bag! They are sending people out of the airport.”
“Oh my God!” I sympathize. “We have to go.”
“I can’t – I must have my bag.”
It is simple for me to hide in the melee and get to gate A11 for departure on the return flight. Sucker! In the airport I phone Interpol. I tell them that I want to stay anonymous but that I know of a dead body in a hotel room and his murderer Montego…
Chapter 10: Back To Rome Meeting The Traitor


Panama is a magnificent country from the air and I wish I could get to explore it, but this time I will be very happy to leave. Somewhere over the Caribbean I use my success in the recovery of the books as an excuse to call Gavin and report my adventure, but what I really want is to hear his voice.
“Sweetheart – well done! Tell you what – I’ll meet you at the hotel tonight and treat you to a night out.”
“We can’t go out – the banks will be closed and I need to keep these books in sight at all times.”
“Okay – dinner in your room then.”
“You’ll fly to Rome again?”
“Absolutely.”
“Gavin…”
“Yes?”
“You understand that we are just very good friends for now…”
“Yes, I get it.”
“Thank you – later on maybe.”
“Okay – see you tonight.”

Gavin is waiting for me with keen anticipation. “Why do you have blond hair? Never mind… that’s them?” He points to my bag.
“I didn’t have time to open the box, but I think so.”
He makes sure the doors are locked and shutters closed. “Let’s see…”
I lift the box out carefully and place it on a bath towel set on the coffee table.
We stand in awe and reverence at what we hope sits inside. There are pry marks on one side which I assume are recent.
“Go ahead…” Gavin prompts, handing me a knife.
“I’m scared.”
“Want me to?”
“No, I’ll do it.”
My fingers shake as I insert the blade between lid and side and lever downwards, just the box itself has immense value so I take great care not to damage it further.
With a slight creak it raises sufficiently for me to finish the removal with my fingers and expose the canvas package inside. It’s tied with a jute cord which alarms me.
“That’s not original.” I determine. “Oh dear.”
“What about the canvas?” Gavin asks.
“Could be.” My magnifying glass reveals fibers that would typically be found in materials of that era.
The package remains firm as I lift it out. “That’s a good sign…”
Picking the knot open with tweezers I become aware that I stopped breathing, so I step away for a moment. I lay open the canvas with my fingers to behold a stack of ancient books - not the hoped for eighty, but perhaps thirty in number sitting on a wooden block.
“Wonder where the others are?” Gavin questions.
“Mmmm.”
“Do you think the guy you ‘procured’ them from took them?”
“I don’t think so – he only had one bag with him when he left the hotel and he went straight to the airport from here.”
“So who?”
“The original thief perhaps – or Roberto…”
“Or his father?” Gavin suggested. “Or, they were never in the box.”
“Oh I think they were in the box – this wooden block is quite modern. There is another possibility though – Marconi went to visit someone or people not far from here – I followed him. – he may have sold them.”
“We should follow on that.” He said.
“We?” I ask, paying half attention while concentrating on the books.
“Why not? I do bring some muscle to the games.”
“Mmmm.”
“What?”
“This seems to be the real deal.” I opine.
“Can you open one?”
“No, this has to be undertaken in laboratory conditions.”
“Yes. Of course – it’s just so…”
“Amazing, unbelievable, incredible… there aren’t words to describe this find.” I complain.
Gavin leans forward to smell the books. “I can’t believe I am this close to something so astounding. It’s like going back in time almost. So what’s this worth?”
“Who knows? Billions of dollars – I’ll have my work cut out for me to buy any of this for the museum.”
“What if just one more of the books vanished?” He hinted.
“I was just joking…”
“That wasn’t funny.”
“Sorry.”
“Gavin! What are you suggesting?” I reproach. “I don’t believe you said that.”
“There are thirty one books here. I must photograph and document what I can without disturbing them, then repack them and secure them for the night. I’ll be sleeping with one eye open, that’s for sure.”
“While you do that I’ll order food, treasure hunting gives me an appetite! You must be hungry too.”
“Good idea, not pizza though.”
“Okay.”
I know from the smell before the covers are removed from the plates that we are eating ‘Peking Duck’ – which I love. “Good memory” I complement.
“How could I forget? With a bottle of Mateus Rose, as before.”
“Perfect.”
There is no better place for the box than under my bed and as I have imbibed a few glasses of wine at Gavin’s pouring, I tie a string from it to my wrist – an old trick. The adjoining door is unlocked on his oath that he will stay in his own bed and we retire for the night.
I awake several times and tug the string until I receive a reassuring resistance and lapse back into sleep. The shades being closed caused me to sleep longer than usual and I awoke with a start but Gavin’s door remains closed and the string still tightens so all appears well. It’s not until I rise from the bed that the situation becomes clear.
The box is gone.
The string is tied to the bedpost.
Gavin is missing – his bed has not been slept in.
I call the front desk. “Would you page Mr. Galbraith please.”
“I’m sorry signorina, Signore Galbraith has checked out.”
“When?”
“Two hours ago at five – fifteen.”
“Thank you.”
I can’t believe it - how on earth could I have been so gullible? Trust no-one – isn’t that my first rule?
So Gavin is long gone but where? England seems too obvious and he knows I could track him down there. He could make the airport by five forty, half hour check in – forty minutes boarding – my trusty computer tells me that the flights leaving between six – forty five and seven fifteen departed for Kuala Lumpur, Glasgow, Singapore, Amsterdam, Tokyo, Rio de Janeiro and New York.
Intriguing list.
I check rental car availability – Enterprise Rentals are manned twenty four hours – it’s worth a try.
“Enterprise Rentals – how may I be of assistance?”
“This is Mrs. Galbraith – my husband forgot a suitcase – did he check in yet?” I ask.
“Just a moment please.”
“Sure.”
“Mrs. Galbraith…”
“Yes.”
“I don’t see a reservation for your husband – are you sure he rented from us?”
“I thought he did, but I must be mistaken.”
“The other rental agencies don’t open until eight thirty – you can check with them then.”
“Thanks for your help.”
“You’re most welcome, good-bye.”
Well that narrows it down somewhat, but this is like sticking a tail on a donkey.
I rule out Kuala Lumpur and Glasgow immediately. Amsterdam pops up again and I still like it – New York? Would he dare try to sell the books on my turf? I doubt it – Tokyo? More interested in ancient cars and object d’art than manuscripts – Rio? There certainly are collectors in Rio but again my gut says no - that leaves Singapore and Amsterdam. I’ll get the gate numbers and try to hack into the airport video monitor system for those airlines. If security people only knew how easy this is for a girl of my talents… I don’t see Gavin at the Amsterdam gate – Oh there he is… even with the feeble attempt at disguise there’s no mistaking his six foot two frame and long stride.
So, Singapore here we come – a few more clicks and a ticket is reserved. It’s a good job I love a challenge, but first I need to check the alleyway before I leave Rome.
Chapter 11: Retrieving Valuable Manuscripts

Now I know that I am an unwelcome visitor I am forearmed. I travel along Bath Street using store windows as mirrors but see nothing out of the ordinary as I approach the alley. Keeping my back to the wall, I reach the doorway and peer through again and this time, see a small overgrown courtyard and patio beyond the door. Three men sit at a rusty white table drinking beer and playing chess – there is a fourth empty chair which makes me instinctively look behind me, but I am alone. This doesn’t look like a place where one would deal an ancient artifact of this magnitude.
I really need to get a look inside. The door with the cobwebs is locked and I’ll be seen if I climb the fence – a diversion is called for. A well aimed rock clattering on the verandah above them does the trick and I’m over the fence in a heartbeat. It is an easy matter to scale the wrought iron support up to the neighboring balcony before they spot me and I can see that the room here is bare. A screened divider separates me from the next house but I circumvent it without mishap and land lightly above them after the men regain their seats.
“Mama mia – gatti darn.” I hear one of them mutter. Good – they blame cats for the ruckus.
Shutters block my view into this room and I ease them open with a groan of un-oiled hinges which bring another curse and sound of a stick being banged against the balcony from below. The room is full of boxes and crates piled almost to the ceiling and with scant space to traverse across to the door. Most crates are nailed shut but some lids are open to reveal their contents. Statues, paintings being carefully packed for shipping. I am confused what I am seeing, but this is obviously a big scale black market operation. Only a few crates have shipping labels and various art objects are in process of attached and I photograph them with my i-phone - noticing that two of them are headed to the British Museum in London, so I’ll text my father to be on the lookout for them.
A smaller crate than the others receives my attention. It’s placed on another just inside the door with no label assigned and looks at hand for pick up perhaps. It has the weight I’d expect for the books that went missing from Marconi’s room but it is nailed and sealed shut with old fashioned red wax and personal imprint. I’m willing to bet that the books are inside, but that’s a hell of a gamble – if I take the box and I’m wrong it makes me no better than a common thief and I cannot forward it to the intended recipient.
I am separated from my thoughts by the raspy sound of a vehicle’s horn outside and take the crate and hide in the corner of the room. Good decision as it turns out because I hear loud footsteps climbing the stairs.
The door swings open and I hear someone clunking around and moving crates before yelling “Merda! It’s gone!”
“What’s gone?” A voice responded from below.
“The box – that box.”
“It can’t have gone.” More footsteps hurry upstairs.
“I tell you it is. I searched.”
“Toni – did you move the box?” One of them shouted down.”
“No… didn’t touch it.”
“It has to be here. No-one else has been here. Look again – look everywhere.”
More clattering and swearing convinces me that I do have the books, but getting out of here will be a challenge, but, as you know – I love a challenge.
The crate moving gets closer to my hiding place and I’m sure to be discovered within minutes. I brace against the wall and when the crate concealing me moves I shove it with all my strength and hear a gasp and gush of expelled air as the chest hits the man’s ribs and propels him backwards. It takes a few moments until the other man understands what happened but then he comes at me with a hammer raised. My first instinct is to hold the box up to deflect the blow but I realize the damage it could cause and spin from the strike. The guy on the floor grabs my ankle and this time I use my box to hit the hammer wielder on the temple and stamp on the other’s wrist with a force that produces the sound of a cracked bone and an Italian curse that I can’t interpret. One last kick to hammer the guy’s chest and I exit through the window. I need my hands to swing down off the balcony so I have no choice but to drop the box to the ground and hope they did a good packing job.
I hear a shout – “Out back…” as I drop to the patio and turn to face the onslaught of a big man, with bulging eyeballs, who wants me for dinner. I’m not aware of the knife held behind his back until the sunlight glints on the blade and when he starts an arcing upward lunge and I throw myself into a backward somersault and kick the blade out of his grip at waist height. The knife obligingly rotates towards me, making its capture routine and I now become the adversary, forcing the attacker to retreat but he snatches a chair to use in defense. I hear sounds of backup from inside and need to get out of here in a hurry. Big man is now lunging with the chair and getting legs dangerously close to my head – I duck under and have no choice but to cut his knee muscle in a sweeping slash. He drops on the spot and screams. I seize the books and run to the gate – it’s padlocked so I have to risk the packing again and toss them over before climbing the cross members and hopping over.
They did a good job – the box is solidly intact as I retrieve it and take off to Bath Street at full speed and back to the hotel with a quick stop at the general store. I multi – task in my room, packing my case, dying my hair back to auburn, showering and dressing take less than twenty minutes and I leave my room wearing a silk dress and my beloved red high heels. No-one follows me.
I call Roberto from the airport and without going into absolute details, tell him that I have several of the books and am on the trail of the remainder, but as there is no time to meet as my plane departs soon, I will leave them with my parents in London during the flight transfer at Heathrow. I also remind him that he is being watched by Marconi’s mates and possibly others, so this is the safest way. He is okay with that.
I call my father to have him meet me and though not given to high emotions, I sense his excitement in being able to see da Vinci’s books. Two final calls to extend my leave of absence from Harvard and the museum and I’m ready to board.
The flight is a little turbulent but we land in London safely and I meet my father en-route to gate C9 for the final leg to Singapore.
Episode 2
THE STOLEN DA VINCI MANUSCRIPTS & MURDER IN SPAIN
Chapter 1: Singapore


Circling the island that I visited several years ago, I am dismayed to see hardly any vegetation remaining – most of the land has suffered the price of success and is converted to steel and concrete. The ‘Raffles’ Hotel does however boast a lush courtyard of palms and exotic flowers in which the founder of the island would find some solace. My room overlooks the Straits of Singapore and the many marinas laden with expensive yachts, and a pleasant breeze negates the need for air conditioning.
Gavin won’t be as foolish to stay at this, or any other famed hotel so I will bribe the Maitre‘d to send out feelers in search of him. My other approach will be to search the ‘who’s in town’ newspaper sections to see whom he may contact and I will also renew my knowledge of the art and antiquities section of this beautiful city to see if there are any renewable acquaintances here and put the word out that I need to contact Gavin urgently.
There is a special atmosphere I savor every time I visit Singapore and this time is no exception, it is intangible but definite. The multi conglomeration of ethnic cultures brings food aromas that titillate the senses and draw you inescapably to their doors. It reminds me that I haven’t eaten for some time so I choose a curry house and am delighted with the red Thai version with papadums, washed down with sugar water and a glass of Beringer’s oak barrel chardonnay.
I make Russack’s Fine Art Emporium my first port of call and Anastasius showers me with hugs and kisses of welcome.
“Arcadia, how absolutely marvelous to see you – how long has it been?”
“Far too long, but in actual time it’s been about three years - I would visit more frequently if you had something exciting to show me.”
“Ah, I wish… How many pieces has the museum bought from me so far?”
“Seven – all of them are on display and well received by our members.”
“They should be – you practically stole them from me.” He chides.
“Come on Anastasius – you got a fair price for everything. Do you have anything for me this time?”
“Nothing exquisite.”
“Keep your ears open – I believe something very interesting might come on the market any day now. You’ll know what it is. I’m staying at the Raffles.”
“Of course.”
Next on the list is Sir Bartholomew Spencer, knighted by the queen for his contributions to British architecture and specifically to improvements of London museums – he has several designs gracing Singapore’s unique skyline.
“Barty…” I call on entering his office suite.
“Arcadia!” He responds from out of sight. “What a wonderful surprise - how the devil are you?” He asks when setting eyes on me.
“I am well – and always the better for seeing you.” I flatter.
“This old man?” He doubts.
“You don’t look a year older that when I last saw you. Life must be good.”
“It is, it is. A few hiccups here and there but by and large I cannot complain. To what do I owe this most unexpected pleasure?”
“Can we go into your office?” I request.
“Certainly…” He agrees with knitted brow.
“What’s going on?” He asks when we are seated.
If there’s anyone on this earth outside my family that I can trust, it’s Barty, so I tell him the whole story.
“da Vinci’s lost books – Are you positive? This is absolutely immeasurable.” He gasps.
“Without having the facilities to test them I cannot be totally sure, but yes – I am ninety nine percent sure it’s them. My father will call me with confirmation soon, I think.”
“If word gets out about this there’ll be fireworks – but you know that already. What is your plan?” He asks.
“I really don’t have one until I can locate Gavin. I stopped in to see Anastasius Russack and asked him to keep an ear open for anything that will help me find him – I didn’t tell him about the books.”
“I am astounded that Gavin would turn traitor like this – it certainly reinforces your decision not to marry.”
“Well I didn’t see it coming – I’ve thought about it ever since but I still don’t know why he did it.”
“Revenge? Scorned love?” Barty suggested. “Greed? Fame?”
“Maybe all of the above.” I agree. “I’ll know when I have his neck in my hands.”
“Well my dear, I will see what I can do – I can still muster up a few good men. I assume you are at the ‘Raffles?’”
“Yes – room 438.”
“Very well, I will be in touch.”
“Thanks, Barty.” There’s nothing else I can do for now – Sir Barty will cover all my bases and some I don’t know about.
I take a leisurely stroll along the waterfront and take in the sights, smells and sounds that make Singapore so incredible. I see a sign that promises to reclaim land for tree and shrub planting which makes me very happy and would have Raffles smiling if he were still here. There is time for a nap before the neon signs will announce the coming of night and tempt me back to the streets again. I’m hoping the ‘East of India’ nightclub has not changed and in optimist spirit I choose a satin off the shoulder dress and of course my red stilettos and instruct the taxi accordingly. The club looks just the same from the outside and as soon as the door opens I know all is well – latin band sounds positively attract you like a magnet and impel you inside. Once in they dare you to leave.
The floor manager looks at me like he knows me but frowns. He looks at my red shoes and smiles broadly. “It is you!”
“Yes – it is me.”
He takes my hand and kisses it passionately – almost stooping to one knee in the process. “Madam – this is great honor. Come – I find you best table.”
He leads me to a table occupied by a lone man beside the dance floor and whispers in his ear. The man leaves and takes a table to the rear.
“What did you tell him?” I ask.
“I tell him next five drinks are on the house, so move or I throw you out.”
“Kai-liang, you are impossible.”
“You remember my name!” He beams.
“You are also unforgettable – do you still dance?”
“Tango?”
“Yes.”
“But of course.”
“Then order me a Mai Tai and tell the band to play their best…”
“Ah, Oui… of course!”
Kai-liang leads me almost as well as Adriano Bellini in Rome, but he has more youthful passion and vigor. The music is like a drug taking control of my senses and it seems that we dance for hours. Most of the time we are alone on the dance floor, much to the delight of the other patrons, who applaud our performances enthusiastically, but all too soon the band has to call it a night and pack away their equipment. Kai-liang escorts me to a waiting taxi and hands me a cocktail to take to my room.

Morning light awakens me at seven thirty and I throw back the drapes to see the sun sparkling on waves and seagulls circling fishing boats on their trip back to port. It’s a glorious morning. My cell phone announces a call from my father, who confirms that the books are indeed genuine and locked securely in the British Museum vault under his name – safer and more hermetically desirable than any bank.
If there’s anything I hate it’s the waiting game – I am not given to sitting on my rump doing nothing, but in this instance there is not much I can do about it, so I decide to visit the National Museum and compare wares, so to speak. They have a decent collection of artifacts but nothing to drool about like the ‘Rosetta Stone’ that my father had a hand in discovering a few years ago.
The required tourist boat ride around the islands takes care of a little over three hours and reminds me of Singapore’s ever-changing skylines and architecturally exciting buildings, but I need action…
Right on cue my cell rings.
“Arcadia?”
“Yes.”
“This is Bartholomew – I have a lead but I would rather tell you in person – can you come to my office?”
“I can be there in about fifteen minutes.” I promise.
Chapter 2: Calling In Favors


“I called in a few favors.” Bartholomew informs me. “And this might be worth following up on.”
He slides a buff file folder across the desk and I find a photo inside. It shows the back view of a man entering the Ardmore Park condo complex – one of the most prestigious apartment buildings in town. The man could be Gavin – the build is about the same but it’s inconclusive.
“Jeffrey Hamilton maintains a home there.” Barty explains.
“Oh does he?”
“Thought that might interest you.”
“Indeed it does – I assume he’s in town?”
“Flew in yesterday.”
“So one of the world’s richest men arrives in Singapore at the same time as Gavin and we have this photo – it could be Gavin I suppose.” I mull. “How did you obtain it?”
“Paparazzi – Hamilton’s always high on their target list – I used to be, once.” He rued. “I asked Bob Cameron to keep an eye out for Gavin and this man showed up while he was staking out Ardmore Park.”
“Too much of a coincidence, don’t you think?” I pose.
“That’s why I telephoned. Bob said he’ll call me if he shows up again.”
“Sounds like I ought to make Bob’s acquaintance.” I suggest.
“You know where to find him.” Barty approved.
“How will I recognize him?” I ask.
“Oh, you’ll know him…”
Chapter 3: The Millionaire


One look tells me it is him. The fedora hat with pheasant quill alone would have been enough but the handlebar moustache is the clincher – it says ‘yes, it’s me’.
I have no hesitation in approaching and greet him by name. “Hi Bob – I’m Arcadia.”
“I know.” He responds with a disarming smile. “Bartholomew’s description was spot on.”
He has an Australian accent though I detect faint traces of Scottish. “Thank you for contacting Barty with the photo - I believe it may be the man I’m looking for – can you tell me how long he stayed inside?”
“About half an hour – he seemed very happy when he departed.”
“That’s not good – did you notice if he was carrying anything when he entered or left?”
“Nothing when he came in – he pushed me aside when he saw my camera, so I saw his hands quite clearly. I don’t think he had anything when he left – now I think about it, his hands were in his coat pockets.”
“Thank you so much – did you see which direction he took on leaving?”
“Oh yes, he headed west along the promenade – he kept looking back at me for some time – like he thought he was being followed.”
The promenade, huh. Gavin is far too smart to make it that easy to track him so he would have doubled back or taken a diversionary route to his final destination. That’s a dead end, but there is one other way…
“Where are you going?” Bob asks with concern as I enter the grounds.
“To see Jeffrey Hamilton.” I answer over my shoulder.
“You can’t – security…”
Security appears in the form of a uniformed guard who slides a panel in the door open to enquire as to the purpose of my visit.
“I am here to see Mr. Hamilton.” I answer.
“Mr. Hamilton is not receiving visitors madam.” A perfect English accent replied.
“He will receive me, I’m sure – please announce me. I am Arcadia Jones.”
“Madam, I have strict instructions…”
“Well can I leave this package for him then?”
“What package madam?”
“This one.” I point down to the side of the door, knowing he cannot see down there. “It’s too heavy for me to lift.” I apologize.
Sucker! He opens the portal a crack, but that’s all I need and I lunge my shoulder at the door with my full force. He stumbles back and is unable to arrest his fall, making it child’s play to straddle him and lock him in his own handcuffs.
“All you had to do was announce me.” I wisecrack.
“Please – beat me a bit – mess my face up – don’t let Mr. Hamilton see me like this.”
“I’ll tell him that you put up a brave fight but were outnumbered.” I promise.
“Outnumbered?” He quizzed while trying to look around.
“You were – by a girl.”
I tie him to a railing using an electric extension cord and head to Hamilton’s apartment - A1A as noted on the mailbox sorting boxes.
The doorbell sounds the beginning chords of the 1812 concerto and I wait patiently for a response. I am aware of the spy hole cover swinging aside but the door remains closed. I ring the 1812 again. After a minute the door opens to the extent of the security chain and an eye peeks through and looks me up and down.
“Who let you in the building?” A gruff voice demands. “How dare you knock on my door.”
“It is irrelevant how I got in.” I reply. “Is Gavin Galbraith still here?”
“Who is Gavin Galbraith?” He asks without blinking.
“My ex-fiancee.”
“What makes you think I should know the man?”
“Oh come on – he contacted you recently regarding an ‘item’ for sale – that’s why you flew here – to meet with him.” I bluff. “Do you wish that we should continue this conversation out here in the corridor?”
The door closes and I hear the chain clunk against the door frame before it opens sufficiently for the man to look outside to ensure that I am alone.
“Come in.”
I behold a man reminiscent of Douglas Fairbanks, even to the graying temple and sideburns that gave him a devil may care appearance in his movies. He is clad in a claret color smoking jacket, an almond silk shirt with high collar and black slacks.
“I am Arcadia Jones.” I introduce myself. “I am, amongst other titles, the curator of the Metropolitan Museum in New York”.
“I have, of course heard of you and your exploits – I am also acquainted with your father – a good man.” Hamilton declares. “But I must confess to being confused – how did you know he came to see me, it is my understanding that he is acting alone – and if that is true – why are you in Singapore together?”
“We are not together – I don’t know if he’s even aware that I’m here. As far as knowing he came to see you – well that was a well educated deduction. I knew he was here and with the item he is trying to sell I knew that there are only so many collectors in the world with the credible finances to acquire them. When I learned that you were in town I just put two and two together.”
“So what am I missing? If you are not together, then why are you here?”
“To regain what he stole from me.”
Hamilton plops down in a quilted armchair and rubs his brow. “Are you telling me that Gavin… stole the item from you? Please say no.”
“Sorry.”
He holds his head in hands and remains silent for several minutes.
“Now what?” He asks dejectedly. “This is totally incomprehensible.”
“I’m not sure.”
“If they are returned to you would you consider selling them? Hamilton asks.
“They don’t belong to me – they are owned by a man in Italy. He wants to sell them and invited me to bid on behalf of the Metropolitan. They were stolen from him and I was able to retrieve all but the thirteen books, which I placed in my father’s care.”
“It would seem that I am in a position to help or to hinder you Ms. Jones.”
“That is true.” I concede. “But given your reputation I hope that the former will be the case.”
“Not all of my dealings have been achieved by gentlemanly means, I can assure you.”
“And many of mine have been achieved by ‘womanly means’ – you can be sure.” I counter.
“So we are at a standoff then.”
“I hope not.”
“You are telling me that I have little hope of ever owning these masterpieces legitimately, but now I have them almost within my grasp and you expect me to do the right thing. Does that about sum it up?”
“I would say so.” I agree.
“Hmmm. Let’s say, just for argument’s sake I agree – what’s to become of Mr. Galbraith?”
“That is a very interesting question and one which I have deliberated repeatedly. In a court of law I could not positively prove that he stole the books, so it would be his word against mine - I am sure he also considered my embarrassment if this should become public knowledge.”
“So he goes scot-free and I am without the most incredible discovery of our lifetimes?” Hamilton asks.
“Oh, there will be punishment – you can be sure of that.” I promise.
“So you also expect me to be instrumental in helping you obtain the books?” He asks.
“I don’t see any other way.”
“You expect an awful lot Ms. Jones.”
“I have been accused of that before. What arrangements have you made with Galbraith?”
“At this point that is privy information, I am afraid and I will have to give this serious thought before reaching a decision. You are between the proverbial rock and a hard place, don’t you see. You cannot involve the police without making charges and as you do not know Galbraith’s location, the best likelihood of finding him would be to monitor the airport. Even if found, he would already have completed a deal and merely be a departing tourist.”
“True – do you know his location Mr. Hamilton?”
“No, I don’t, please believe me.”
“I do – Gavin’s no fool.”
“Well, Ms. Raphael, this has been a very interesting conversation – I would love to play chess with you some time. Now I must prepare for a prior engagement, so if you will excuse me. How may I get in touch with you?”
I give him my cell phone number along with my hotel information and take my leave.
On the way out I release the guard from his shackles. “Good luck.”
Bob Cameron looks at me in amazement. “What the heck happened to you?” he asks.
“I had a fascinating conversation with Hamilton.” I answer.
“You got to see him? I thought the guard had you all this time.”
“He was otherwise tied up.” I smile. “Get you camera ready – Hamilton will be coming out shortly.”
“Thanks – let me have your cell number, I’ll call you if I see your man.”
“You are so kind. See you later, I hope.”
“Me too.”
Chapter 4: Confusion


My opinion of Hamilton’s intentions are confused – I am not sure that he will do the right thing and hand Gavin to me on a platter, because of his love of unique artifacts – he is the type of collector who would get much pleasure possessing such a prize purely for his own enjoyment. Giving Gavin up leaves nothing in it for him and conversely could be damaging or harmful, so he will have to find an angle that gives him an out.
I am again a puppet and I’m getting mad. I spot a scooter rental shop and decide to do some following of my own. The helmet covers my give-away hair and a black jump suit completes the camouflage and renders me anonymous, so when Hamilton’s chauffer steers the Bentley onto the street I am ready. No need to stay close behind as the car stands out in the crowd, so to speak, and I blend in with rush hour traffic. The car noses into the prestigious Raffle’s Club arched gateway and pulls up to the entrance steps, where Hamilton is greeted with all due pomp and circumstance.
Now one does not ride into Raffle’s on a Vespa, so I have to park it and utilize plan B which in this case is to disrobe my suit and walk breezily to the entrance like I own the place. Lucky for me the ‘gentlemen only’ rule was dropped and I am welcomed with an appreciative look from the doorman.
“Evening miss.” He says, holding the door open.
“Good evening.” I respond with a smile.
“Can I show you to the restaurant or lounge bar?”
“No, I am familiar with the club, thank you.” I dismiss.
Hamilton is not to be found in any of the drawing rooms, which leads me to assume that he has reserved a private, upper salon. I have no choice but to watch the stairway and wait and so I opt for a stool and employ the reflections in the bar’s mirror. Two slowly sipped ‘Old Fashion’s’ later, I see Hamilton heading down followed by – Gavin! I slip off the stool and conceal myself behind a pillar before they spot me and try to catch sight of their expressions, between palm fronds. They both look stern and have no conversation on their way out, giving no clue whether that’s good or bad.
I must find a way to follow Gavin but getting ahead of him to the scooter is near impossible. A flashback of the window in the ladies room prompts me to action, but I find it barred from the outside. The chefs are somewhat surprised to see me hurry through their kitchen and out the rear door but give no alarm – I leap to clutch the top of the seven foot dividing property fence and swing over like a pole-vaulter and land among flower pots on the other side. My ankle twists but I pay no heed to the pain as I run to the gate. The Vespa is where I left it and I don the helmet to hide my hair in case Gavin sees me and just have time to pull on the jumpsuit before I see him pulling out of Raffle’s driveway in a Blue Toyota Prius rental car. I snap the visor down and ride two cars behind him – as before I am among many scooters and bikes. He is heading to the opposite end of the island from the hotel district, as I expect, and enters a bed and breakfast accommodation driveway – ‘The Paradise Inn’ - I would never have thought of looking for him here in a hundred years. Good choice.
He scans around him as I ride by, but is not worried by what he sees, so I continue to the end of the street where I turn left and park - the only thing going for me is the element of surprise, but I have to use it carefully. There are no nearby stores, so another camouflage act is out of the question and it is about an hour to dusk – I am forced to wait again or I can bust in on him and take my chances - I don’t like that idea, but it could be my best option as I cannot see what he’s doing from here. I’m torn – I hate the thought of him coming back out with the books without me knowing and meeting Hamilton to get the deal done, but what if Hamilton plans to do the right thing?
I cannot sit here too long without being reported by one of the neighbors and be arrested for loitering, so I have to make a decision.
Chapter 5: Facing Gavin


“Fancy meeting you here…” I declare when Gavin opens the door and I knee him in the groin.
I decided on the direct approach.
He writhes on the floor in pleasing agony and adopts the fetal position to avoid a second blow. Silly man… I deliver a kick to his kidneys which would fell a sumo wrestler and consider where the next blow should land. Poor Gavin – he doesn’t know what to do and rolls to his knees making my choice obvious – an instep to the solar plexus, which lays him flat and gasping for breath.
When able, he raises an arm in defeat. “Please – no more.” He begs feebly.
I let him recover and stagger to a chair. “How…?”
“Did I know where to find you?” I finish. “I thought you knew me well enough to know that I’d track you down.”
“But here?”
“I followed you from Raffles.”
“I didn’t see anyone following – I was watching carefully.”
“On a scooter. It doesn’t matter – here we are.”
“Yes, here we are – now what?”
“What have you done Gavin – why?” I ask. “I don’t understand.”
“Why did I take the books? It was an impulse – a moment of weakness where I saw a way to punish you for rejecting me – for not marrying me. Then I regretted it and wanted out, but I was already in too far.”
“Where are they?”
“In the closet.” He gestures.
“All of them?”
“Yes.”
“Good, I will get them back to Roberto.”
“No!” Ne blurts.
“Why? They belong to him.”
“No – I…I sold them.”
“You what?!!”
“To Hamilton.”
“Is that why you met at Raffle’s?”
“Yes – he wired the money to my bank account from there.”
“How much?”
“Twenty million – pounds.”
“You jerk – they are worth a hundred times that. You will return the money immediately.”
“He’ll have me killed before he takes the money back – he wants the books more than you know.”
“I know how much he wants them – we had a little chat earlier.”
“You went to see him…Oh my Lord – I’m done for.”
“That would be what you deserve - give me the books.”
“You know I can’t do that.”
“It seems to me you’re in no position to do otherwise.”
“Arcadia – have a heart.”
“I did, until you broke it – it’s ironic, I was just starting to like you again.”
“I’m so, so sorry.”
“Too late for that.”
I remove the curtain sashes and use one as a gag and the other to tie him to the chair. He is still begging as I force the sash between his teeth and step back.
“Don’t come after me and don’t tell Hamilton where I’m going or I’ll kill you myself.”
His eyes plead with me but to no avail. I take the books and turn my back on him for the last time. My luggage has never been packed so quickly and a cab readied for me by the desk clerk – we are at the airport in record time, earning the driver a nice tip. I don’t care where I fly, I want the first flight out of here, which the departure board tells me is the red eye to Sydney, Australia.
“They’re boarding now miss.” The ticket agent says. “I’ll call and let them know you are on the way, but you’d better hurry.”
“Thanks.” I remove my heels and run to the gate in time to fall in behind the last boarder and am soon settled in my seat. Takeoff, climb to altitude and a Scotch whisky in hand help me relax and relive the day in my mind. I must call my friends in the morning and let them know I have achieved my goal, but now it’s time for a nap - I swear British Airways have the most comfortable pillows.
Six and a half hours later the smell of fresh brewed coffee brings me out of slumber and ready to start a new day without stress. The flight attendant brings a cup and an egg croissant and informs me that we have about two hours flying time remaining. Barty and Anastasius thank me for the calls, but regret not being able to say their goodbyes. I promise next time to stay longer and make up for it.
My smart phone tells me that I can expect a twenty hour plus flight from Sydney to Rome so the space and luxury of first class will be a necessity and I’ll buy a tablet or notebook to help pass the time – it will amuse me to see how far I can reprogram one of them.
The wait for the Rome flight is three hours, but Sydney airport has plenty to occupy passengers in the way of shopping and entertainment. It’s a relief not having to worry about the precious cargo I am toting and I find a stunning pair of red high heels made from kangaroo skin and a couple of dresses I like.
Chapter 6: Being Chased In Rome


I won’t bore you with the twenty hour and forty two minute flight to Rome, even the episode where a middle age drunk tried to proposition me and was reassigned to the smaller confines of coach accommodation. We land at La Roma airport and to the amusement of passengers, a flight crew member announces “If you get the insane urge to hurtle through the air in a metal tube again, please consider Alitalia Airlines.”
When in the arrivals building, I get an uneasy feeling that raises the hairs on my nape, so I hop into a photo kiosk to take a look around the terminal from behind the curtains.
Nothing looks out of place, but when I step out an elderly woman dressed like a grandmother approaches and places a phone in my hand. “Listen.” She instructs and walks away.
The voice says “We have Gavin – you have the ‘item’ – we suggest a trade.”
“Who is this? Where are you?” I ask and look around again.
“We are here, we’ve been waiting for you.”
“I don’t care about Gavin – ask him to show you the bruises.”
“The bruises are nothing compared to what we did to him.” Voice says. “But he’ll recover pretty normally if you do as we say.
“I can’t trade the ‘item’ - it does not belong to me.”
“No, it belongs to my boss.” Voice states.
“No it does not – the money will be returned to him.”
“He does not want the money back – perhaps you don’t comprehend clearly. I have been charged with the safe recovery of the item, at any cost – do you understand?”
“I understand completely.”
“Good, then I suggest we do this in a civil manner and you hand over that roll on bag to the woman who gave you the phone and she will take you to your precious Gavin.”
I look around and see the same woman hovering a short distance away. She smiles and nods knowingly.
“There are others…” Voice says. “Watching you.”
I walk slowly, the woman shadows and I am aware of other people moving in the same direction. “So I see.” I respond.
My direction takes me towards the escalator and when close, I jump on and lug the case up the steps. I see a man standing at the top and assume he is one of the ‘watchers’. When he reaches out I let go the case, put the phone in my pocket and pull on his wrist as hard as I can. Caught off balance he lands on the stainless cover between escalators and slides down, yelling when his body bounces off each of the joints. Gate A1 – A17 is across from me and I charge down until reaching a plane about to board. I mingle with the passengers and make my way to the desk.
“I need a standby ticket.” I gasp, out of breath.
Chapter 7: Murder In Spain


The rep scans the computer and says that there are plenty of seats and issues a ticket. We board and I see no signs of followers but remember the phone.
“Not smart.” Voice scolds. “You really don’t like Gavin, do you?”
“You won’t kill him – he’s the only hold you have over me.” I disarm.
“Don’t be so sure - he may soon outlive his usefulness. We will find you eventually; there are only so many places to hide.”
“Good luck.” I challenge.
I turn the phone off and put it back in my pocket. A flight attendant comes down the aisle. “Excuse me.” I ask. “Where are we flying to?”
He looks at me like I am joking and waits for the punchline.
“No, I’m serious.” I remark.
“We will be landing in Madrid in six and a half hours miss.”
“Madrid!” I echo; well at least I don’t need cold weather clothes so far.
He walks away with a quizzical expression.
I attach the phone to my notebook and download its operating system – I should be able to set up a triangulation application using my home laptop, to pinpoint from where the incoming calls originate. I see that my programming is successful when the phone rings again and shows that ‘Voice’ hasn’t relocated.
“I see you took to the skies again, Arcadia.”
“I see you are still at the airport.” I respond.
There is a gap. “Good guess.”
“What do you want?” I ask.
“It’s simple - the books. Let’s stop playing games before you get hurt – there will be a welcoming group at Madrid to take them from you.”
“Go right ahead – I’m not heading to Madrid.” I bluff.
“Ah, but I think you are.” Voice disagrees. “That was the only flight that departed from any ‘A’ gate before we got there – we searched thoroughly.”
“Did you search the ladies room next to gate 19?” I taunt.
More silence. “I’ll check into that.”
“There is no ladies room next to A19, but good try.” Voice rejoins. “See you in Spain.”
“Not if I see you first.” I hang up.
I can’t keep playing hide and seek in airports so I have to plan a different strategy, but at least this time I won’t be blindsided. There are no clothes in my bag that don’t demand attention so I need others. There is a woman in aisle seat F17 who is about my dress size and wearing brown slacks and a wool kaftan – perfect! Retrieving a new silk dress from my luggage I fold it into a small package and get a hundred dollar bill from my purse, which I slip under the belt.
The woman in F17 eyes the dress appreciatively before she knows I am going to see her.
“Would you trade for what you’re wearing?” I whisper in her ear, making sure that she sees the cash.
She looks shocked; I show the ‘Vera Wang’ dress tag - she beams and nods. Nobody pays much attention as we move to the bathroom, but those who see us enter together smile. Those who see us emerge wearing each other’s clothes positively gasp and look away.
Now, a hair redo of some kind and I’m in business. Its obvious that I cannot return these ‘items’, as everyone is wont to call the books, to Roberto and the apparent solution is to marry them with the others in my father’s care. So - a trip to London is called for and the decision to be made is whether I can slip past my ‘welcome group’ to take another flight – which is risky given that they know I am arriving on this flight – or rent a car and drive all the way or to a different airport.
‘Voice’ will expect me to take a flight out of Tenerife and most surely will have people watching for that, so I believe my surest bet is to rent a car – I am less likely to be observed in my new outfit going to an ‘Enterprise’ desk than buying a plane ticket, but I’ll have to play it by ear.
I buy a Real Madrid soccer cap from a passenger who’s part of a group returning from an international match for twenty bucks and pile my hair in a knot under it. Anyone familiar with me wouldn’t look twice at this persona and even I have to look twice at my reflection when passing a mirror. After landing and disembarkation I make sure to blend in with the soccer group and do my best to whoop it up with them as they head to the exit, but peel off and wave good bye like they are good friends before going to the rental car area. To a careful observer I’m just getting a car to get home or whatever.
There are people trying to be invisible who could be connected with voice, one pretending to read a newspaper but looking over the top of it, one sitting on a stool at the coffee shop, another leaning on the railing on the upper level and maybe a couple of others, but they pay me no heed.
The rental woman greets me.
“I need a car – one way to London.” I declare.
“Is not possible.” She denies with an accent. “Our vehicles no leave Spain.”
“Very well – to another airport then.”
“Si that is possible. You no like this airport?” she asks.
“It’s complicated…”
“Is okay – I no like some places too.” She confides. “You have license?”
I reach into my purse and hand it over.
“Ooh, so pretty! Such beautiful red hair - but it no look like you.”
“It is me.”
“But you look very different – maybe if you take the hat off.”
“I would prefer not to.”
“Please understand – I need to be sure or I can no rent car.”
“I have other identification…”
“Our rules say physical identification – I am so sorry…”
I look around but see no-one paying me attention and so whip my hat off and back on as soon as she smiles.
“Si – it is you!”
“I told you so – now can I get a car please?” I urge.
“Oh, Si senora – of course. Economy model – small?”
“Absolutely not! Something fast – luxurious.”
“We have a Jaguar… but it is expensive.”
“I’ll take it – will you have Bilbao airport programmed in the GPS please.”
“But of course. I will have our shuttle pick you up and take you to the rental lot. It should only be about ten minutes.”
“As soon as possible please.”
I check my phone and see that I have a four hour drive to Bilbao and book a flight on British Airways to London accordingly.
The man leaning on the upper level railings has disappeared and the newspaper guy is trying not to make it obvious that he has me in view.
Damn! I’m sure they’ve made me.
I walk to the coffee shop and stand next to ‘stool’ guy while ordering an expresso - he doesn’t even look at me, – a sure give away. Okay that confirms it.
I’ll have to outdrive them.
The shuttle is waiting for me and drops me at the rental lot pick up area where a gleaming Seafoam XJS awaits with engine purring in readiness to growl. There are two vehicles parked obtrusively outside the security gates facing opposite directions – they are letting me know I’m expected.
“Is there another exit?” I ask the attendant.
“No – only that one.” He points.
I slide behind the wheel and immediately feel at home. The array of gauges are business like and remind me of my Cessna back home, the seat grabs me firmly and the gear selector dares me to hit ‘Sport’ mode. The gas tanks are full and will definitely out-range the cars waiting for me outside and the GPS merely waits for the command ‘GO’. The seat belt clicks reassuringly, I select a radio station playing songs that I tango to and turn the volume loud before touching ‘Go’. I pause at the gate, lower the windows and cruise slowly past the two vehicles, waving. The upper level guy is in the driver’s seat of the BMW facing the same direction that I take and smiles with a two finger salute to his forehead.
The Jag expresses gratitude in being let loose and positively snarls at the lesser vehicle as we burn rubber in a black cloud around it. The Beemer fights its way out of the fog and makes a valiant effort to chase but falls back with every kilometer until I no longer see it in the rear view mirror. My cat digs in its claws and tears down the road in ever increasing speed, bends are insignificant for the tuned suspension and the speedometer shows we are touching a hundred miles an hour.
This is fun!
I am forced to slow as I enter a mountainous region and the GPS is invaluable in alerting me to upcoming curves, what it didn’t alert me to was the roadblock set up around the next corner. The Jag’s brakes more than meet expectations as I stamp on the pedal and the ABS kicks in to bring me to an unwavering stop.
There are three guns aimed at me from behind the barrier formed by two vehicles and a man raises a white flag and steps forward. The road is too narrow to turn around so I select reverse gear and hurtle backwards until I can swing around to face the opposite direction using a ‘scenic overlook’ area. I will be meeting the Beemer coming at me soon, so I need a place to hide and luckily see an offshoot track on the right hand side, made by road repair crews. The XJS responds to my sudden jerk on the wheel without complaint and slides into the gap scattering gravel as the wheels grab for purchase.
I’m sure they will see me as they pass by but I should have enough time to back out and be heading down before they can take action. I’m aware of a man’s voice saying ‘recalculating’ repeatedly, from the dash board and telling me to ‘drive eight point nine miles and turn right on Rio Del Sera road.’
It is the second chase car that catches me - the one that was facing the opposite way at the rental lot.
It is broadside to the road and empty.
As soon as I come to a halt a man appears at my window with a Beretta pointed squarely at my head. He beckons me to get out and I have no choice but to obey.
One thing I learned from watching old Roy Rogers’ westerns was that if a person puts a gun in your back with a quick spin and arm swing you can knock the weapon aside before a finger can squeeze the trigger. But I have to feel the gun in my back first.
He tells me to get the ‘item’.
“It’s in the boot.” I reply and he gestures me back there.
I hesitate and wait for him to push me with the Beretta, but instead he shoves my shoulder with his free hand. This man must have seen the same movie for I cannot get him to put his gun where he should.
There is no latch to open the compartment and I shrug my shoulders.
“I don’t know how to open it.”
“From inside – get the key remote.” He instructs.
I open the driver’s door and lean in; he stands about four feet behind me still aiming the gun at my head. I need him closer.
I fumble with the keys and he steps forward. “Hurry up.”
“Okay.” From my kneeling position on the seat it is easy to give him a mule kick to the groin and drop him.
“Was that quick enough?” I ask sarcastically.
His face is beet red and about twice the size as normal and his mouth gasps for air like a fish out of water.
He won’t be able to function for a while so I throw the gun on the passenger’s seat and leave him beside the road. It’s a shame to push a Saab over a cliff, but a girl’s gotta do what a girl’s gotta do. By the time the crashing noises stop, I am driving the eight point nine miles and he GPS informs me that I will add thirty eight miles by driving around the mountains - darn that’s cutting it fine to get to Bilbao in time for the flight.
I push the car as fast as I dare before having to refuel and pray that the chasers haven’t guessed my destination, but they know I’m heading north, so it won’t take a rocket scientist to figure that I’m on this road.
A faint dust cloud in the distance betrays a fast moving vehicle and supports my theory. I squeeze the last drop of gas into the tanks and get going.
A Policia speed trap decides that I am making too good a time and wants a chat.
“Officer, I am American and am being chased.” I make my excuse for speeding.
“Why are you being chased?” Officer asks.
“I have something they want.”
“What?”
“Just some old books.”
“You need a gun to keep them away?” He asks, eying the weapon.
Damn, I forgot. “That is not my gun.”
“It fell out of the sky?” He looks up.
“It belongs to one of them…” I point down the road. “Please – take it.”
“I have my own. This is a serious offense Senora, one that could see you in jail for many years.”
“Officer, I have a plane to catch in Bilbao – I am leaving the country as soon as I can, please… take the gun and let me leave.”
“You say it belongs to someone following you?”
“Yes, that’s correct.”
“Well, we’ll wait here and speak to them – what car is he driving?”
“Not ‘he’ – they, and they are very dangerous – they probably all have guns and will shoot first. Just let me go.”
“Senora, I cannot do that.”
By now I can see vehicles approaching and the officer takes ‘my’ gun and pulls a shotgun from the police car. He positions himself at the corner of his vehicle and waits. When the cars near, he holds up both arms to stop them and they pull over in front of him.
“That’s them.” I confirm.
He walks towards the BMW in the lead and a shot rings out. He drops face down to the ground and lies still.
I bend low and run to the Jag, there are more shots but none hit their target, which I assume is me. The engine accelerates me to seventy miles an hour in seconds and the chase is on again.
The GPS shows only minor bends ahead and I find that the Jag handles a hundred and twenty with ease but the chase cars aren’t too far behind. I wish I could push buttons and drop an oil slick like James Bond could.
The screen shows a town four miles ahead, maybe I can pull something off there.
The cell phone rings.
“Gavin wants you to stop at Aronde del Duero.” Voice says.
“Sorry – can’t do that.” I decline.
“He’s very insistent.” Voice reports; I hear a scream in the background.
“So you can shoot me, like the cop?”
“That was unfortunate.” Voice laments. “But necessary.”
“It wasn’t necessary.” I refute.
“Gavin’s next, if you don’t stop.”
“Oh… he’s still alive?” I try to sound nonchalant.
“Only just - that was him screaming.”
“Pulling fingernails?” I ask.
“How did you guess?”
I shudder involuntarily.
“I see you’re still in Rome.” I remark.
“I was told you were a computer genius. Bravo. By the way, it wasn’t nice – what you did to my man in the mountains. I’ll dedicate another fingernail to him.”
I hear another scream.
“I’ll have to start on his toes soon at this rate.” Voice says.
Gavin made me mad, but he doesn’t deserve this torture and I’m feeling sorry for him.
“You both know I cannot give up the ‘item’ – for anything.”
“So sad, but I really understand your decision.”
“Good, then you may as well let him go.”
“No, I think I’ll hold on to him for a while longer. You never know.”
“Up to you. Well, it’s been nice chatting with you, but I have to go now.”
“Okay, I’ll be sure to tell my men to keep an eye out for you – if you get my meaning.”
“Bye.” I hang up.
The town is small with twisting streets that offer plenty of hiding places if that’s what I want. But do I? Is that what my followers expect me to do? The GPS map shows winding roads ahead so speed will not be a factor to any degree – there are up to eight people after me so a showdown isn’t realistic and I have witnessed that they have no scruples in killing.
My options are to carry on and outrun them, make a u-turn and go back to the original route or… go back to Madrid airport and take a flight from there – tempting, especially as it would be totally unexpected. I kind of like that idea. I take a side street and kill the engine while I think about it more. The only drawback I can think of is running into the Policia back at the murder scene which is a distinct possibility and I don’t know if the cop radioed in my vehicle description when he stopped me. I think it’s worth the risk.
The chase group comes into view and slows down to look up and down side streets, but hurry on when they don’t see me. I back out of the driveway and wait a few minutes before venturing back onto the highway.
I am surprised not to see the crime scene buzzing with Policia and I slow down to look around. The cop is sitting up against the rear wheel of his car with blood oozing from his mouth and he is breathing shallowly. The handgun droops from numb fingers and his eyes focus on me.
“I tried to tell you…” I say.
He coughs.
I look around for help but there is no other sign of life.
I hear two shots and spin around.
He has shot out two of the Jag’s tires and has collapsed flat on the dirt.
There is no pulse. I’m screwed. As wonderful as my car is, I’m sure it only has one spare tire.
I only have one alternative – I pull the officer’s body and rest it against the Jag wheel where it will be seen by a passer by and load my luggage into the police car, which is a VW Passat. It’s pretty quick and has three quarters of a tank of gas so I will be able to reach Madrid quickly. By pushing various buttons I find the ones for siren and roof lights and will use them if the need arises, but for now I wish to be inconspicuous. The radio crackles to life and a female voice addresses what I’m guessing is this vehicle – I am reasonably fluent in the Spanish language but I can only pick out a few words of this dialect.
“Responde!” There is an urgency to the demand that presses me to pick up the microphone.
“Do you speak English?” I ask.
There is a delay and a male voice answers. “This is Sergeant Sergio Aviles – why are you using our radio?”
“The officer who drives this car has been shot and killed by someone in a Silver BMW presently heading north on Rio Del Sera Road there is a second car – a Renault with him. They are north of the town of Aronde del Duero. The officer is on the same road beside a silver Jaguar XJS nine miles after the mountain turn off. I am sorry.”
“Is that where you are?”
“No I have to get to the airport.”
“You are driving the Policia car?” He sounds very angry.
“Yes.”
“You will pull over immediately and wait for my officers to reach you.” He demands.
“Sorry, I cannot do that.”
“Why?”
“The men in those two cars are chasing me – they will kill me if they find me. I tried to warn the officer but he wouldn’t listen.”
“You will pull over!” He yells. “Now!”
I keep driving and turn the radio off. Flashing red and blue lights coming from the opposite direction warn me in plenty of time to pull behind a barn and out of sight. When I can no longer hear the sirens I resume my trip.
It was the unmarked detective car that got me a mile later. The driver slammed the brakes and did a one eighty that would make a Hollywood stunt driver proud. A dash top flashing light flickers in my rear view mirror as he begins the pursuit and he catches up quickly – oh for my XJS now. He tries to pull alongside but I swerve the width of the road to prevent it and we force oncoming drivers to veer off the road to avoid collisions, but I cannot let him perform the ‘nudge’ maneuver and spin me out. We speed onward and now I turn my sirens and roof lights on to warn others. There is no shaking this guy off my tail no matter what I try, even taking a one way street in the wrong direction.
Road signs announcing Madrid Airport appear and tell me that we only have five miles to go and from nowhere I am suddenly surrounded by four additional Policia cars with all systems operating and the noise of our cavalcade echoes off buildings and assure clear avenues ahead.
We are now in the outer limits of the airport and I take the concourse to ‘International Departures’ – I have a super slim margin to get to the building first, but that will leave little time to grab my case and disappear into the crowd. I speed up to the point of recklessness and reach the doors first – I grab my bag even before the car stops rocking and run to the door. A body blocks my way – I try to push past but I’m blocked.
Chapter 8: Under Arrest


“You’re under arrest.” The plain clothes man says.
“For what?”
“Complicity to murder, stealing a policia vehicle, evading police, need I go on?
Turn around.”
Handcuffs are locked in place and I am frog marched to the nearest car.
My luggage is handled roughly. “Please be careful – there are fragile items in there.”
I am put in a holding cell to await questioning and insist on a phone call. Voice answers.
“I am in police custody – let Gavin go. There is no reason to hold him now.”
“Ah – this is another trick?”
“You may visit me if you wish – I am in the Madrid police building. Turn on the news – I’m sure by now there are reports of my capture.”
The phone goes dead.
“Hello…” No response.
I don’t have to wait long for the interrogator to get to work; He starts with the ‘good cop’ approach. “Senora I’m sure you are scared – no?”
“No.”
“Why – you should be.”
“It’s true I borrowed a policia vehicle for a short time, but I was fleeing for my life.” I explain.
“Why did you not stop for the officer following you?”
“I did not know if he was police, or one of the men trying to kill me – his car had no markings.”
“And when the other policia cars joined the chase?”
“We were so close to the airport – I didn’t want to disrupt traffic on the highway.”
Bad cop kicks in and he screams in my face. “Why did you kill the police officer?” Garlic breath makes me recoil.
“I did not kill him – you will see that I don’t own a gun.”
“The officer had a non standard issue gun with two bullets fired.”
“He shot my tires. That’s why I had to take the policia car. One of the men in the BMW shot him - you will find that the bullet matches that gun when you catch them.”
“We did apprehend them.”
“Good then you can let me go – I have a plane to catch.”
“Not so fast Senora – even if what you say is true, there are many other charges against you. It will be for the judge to decide when to release you.”
I am left alone in the room for hours and finally the door opens.
“Senora Jones, the facts you gave us have been verified and the judge has ruled on your punishment for the other offenses. You have to pay a fine.”
“Do you take credit cards? How much?”
“One hundred thousand Euros.”
“What! That’s a hundred and twenty five thousand dollars!”
“More like a hundred and twenty six thousand.” He corrects.
“That’s outrageous – let me speak to the judge.”
“You cannot speak to the judge – he has ruled.”
“I have to go to America to arrange that amount of money. I need an attorney.”
“I will see what I can do.” He promises.
An hour or so later, I meet my ‘attorney’.
“Your fine has been paid Ms. Raphael.”
“By whom?” I ask suspiciously.
“A mutual acquaintance.”
I realize immediately who that is.
“He asks that you call him after you are released.” I am given another throw away cell phone. “He also apologizes for your ‘inconvenience’. The number is pre-programmed of course.”
The policia are kind enough to give me a ride to the airport, from where I call the number while waiting for my flight to Heathrow.
“Hello Arcadia.”
“Hello Hamilton.”
“I assume you have been freed?”
“Yes.”
“I am very sorry for the misunderstanding – things got out of hand quickly I’m afraid. My people were too zealous.”
“There’s a dead police officer who would agree with you.”

“I very much regret that.”
“You are the one who should be standing trial – not your minions.”
“I understand your bitterness, but…”
“But nothing!” I retort. “You think you’re wealth puts you above the law. One day I hope you’ll be on the receiving end – like Gavin and I hope I’m there to witness it.”
“I have instructed that he be set free after a doctor has attended to him.”
“Good.”
“Arcadia?”
“Yes.”
“I am still very much interested in purchasing the ‘item.”
“Not a chance in hell.”
I snap the phone shut and toss it in the nearest trash can.
Chapter 9: Finally Back To London


Finally I can board my plane without looking over my shoulder and relax during the flight.
The attendant come saround for drink orders.
“Scotch whisky – on the rocks.” I request.
“We are not serving alcohol at this time Miss.”
Oh no here we go again…
My parents greet me and we go directly to the London Museum to deposit the books along with the others. I almost faint with relief when the safe door closes behind us.
Back at their apartment it takes hours to relate the tale of my trips and tribulations.
“Sounds like our good old days.” My father says to mother.
“I do so miss those times.” She replies wistfully.
“Don’t think we’d have the stamina any more old girl.” He grins.
“You’re right. Just listening to Arcadia wears me out.”
‘Arcadia – what will you do about the books?”
“I have to fly to Rome and speak to Roberto.”
My father tells me that he spoke to the curator of the museum who has immense interest in purchasing some of them for display – even perhaps on a reciprocating basis with your museum he said.
“That could be a possibility – it would be a shame to separate the collection but I don’t think any one museum could raise the funds to buy them all.”
“Well, speak to Roberto about it and get back to me.”
Chapter 10: Romance in Rome


I spend a day regrouping with them and board a flight to Rome the next day where Roberto picks me up and takes me to his home. I tell him what transpired but leave out the death of the policeman – I don’t think he wants to associate the books with death.
“I have been so worried about you.” He informs. “And it all started because of my father.”
“Well it’s over with. Now you have to decide what you want to happen with the books and how much you wish to sell them for.”
“Si, I have been thinking about that. I sent the sample to you because you are well known and I think Americans can pay most money for them, but now things have changed. What you and your parents have done is magnifico and makes me humble. I put you and Gavin at risk and that was wrong. I have a good life here, I have my home, my friends and my father – I don’t think he would like anywhere else. The books belong to the people, not me. Here is my wish; I wish the books to be divided into three – one third to the museum in London, one third to your museum and the last third to the museum here in Rome – after all, da Vinci was Italian, but there is a price to pay.”
I am confused. “What is the price?” I ask.
“A kiss – one kiss from you.”
“You are crazy… A kiss – that’s really all you want?”
“Si, you are so beautiful, a man who would kiss you would have heaven in his heart forever.”
“Roberto – you flatter me too much, I am just a woman.”
I didn’t know that Italians could kiss like that… and I granted his wish with bonuses – it’s the least I could do.

As for Gavin? He is re-growing fingernails I’m told and has become somewhat of a recluse. It seems that he is embarrassed by the new shape of his nose and limp so he doesn’t welcome friends any more.
I have sympathy but he made his own bed.
The museums are beyond ecstatic that they have the most sought after collections ever recovered and have signed a contract to rotate them among each other every year. My parents have been given the honor of overseeing those exchanges and of setting up displays at the London Museum.
As for me? I am back rotating my positions at Harvard and the Metropolitan, where I spend most time – I sit and stare at the exhibit for hours and remember what it took to get them here. I have been offered all kinds of promotion and gifts, but, like Roberto, I have everything I want and need. Except red high heeled shoes of course… I can never have enough of those - and a tango partner.
As for Roberto? He is coming to New York next month, at my invitation, to bring the page that he deposited at his bank in Rome and to see how we have presented his gift to the world. He declines to be interviewed by the press and has remained an anonymous donor.
I haven’t told him that I have arranged tango sessions for us with my dance instructor.
I suspect that I will be making further payments…

***THE END***



If you enjoyed this book, don't forget to leave a review! I highly appreciate your reviews, and it only takes a minute to write & post one.
Checkout Other Great Books by Joshua Elliot James:
Archaeological Mystery Thrillers

• THE PERFECT KILLING MACHINE, An Archaeological Mystery Thriller
Archaeology Professor Arcadia Jones returns in the latest action packed mystery novel from Joshua Elliot James.

Seven Russians managed to break into the World War Two Museum in Munich. They stole 3 highly secretive items which have been part of a secret collection of Nazi technology and memorabilia. One of them was a power source unlike anybody has ever seen, the Spear of Destiny. Together with the two other stolen devices it would be the perfect killing machine. If it would fall into the wrong hands it could wipe out entire nations at once. It is up to Arcadia and her team to track down the stolen items to save the world. Will she be able to succeed?

• THE RUBY RED EYED BEAST, An Archaeological Mystery
Archaeology Professor Arcadia Jones returns in the latest action packed mystery novella from Joshua Elliot James.

Arcadia Jones has stumbled across a mysterious tablet from Göbekli Tep. When she starts researching the mysterious relict one of her informants get murdered by a brutal attack in front of her eyes. She discovers an ancient cult around the ruby red eyed beast who wants to take over the world. Will she manage to escape the villains and safe the world?

• THE ANCIENT GATE INTO ANOTHER WORLD, An Archaeological Mystery Thriller
Archaeology Professor Arcadia Jones returns in the latest action packed mystery novella from Joshua Elliot James, a sizzling story of love, adventure and rescuing the world from Aliens dominating the Earth.

The Antikythera mechanism which suddenly has come to live is the key that will unlock hidden secrets older than the world itself. Arcadia races against time to recover the artifact against overwhelming odds, and at great personal danger leading her to the ancient Greek island of Antikythera. There she discovers ancient unknown ruins, hidden deep within the recesses of an undiscovered cave. A mysterious figure steals the valuable artifact from her, leaving a trail of secrets behind. Arcadia discovers the deathly plot and together with her new found Love tries to stop those crazy and dangerous plans.

• THE MYSTERIOUS DRAGON GOD OF YONAGUNI, An Archaeological Mystery
What secrets lie beneath the waves of the deep blue sea? Archaeology Professor Arcadia Jones returns in the latest action packed mystery novella from Joshua Elliot James. 
When Arcadia and her team go on a diving expedition to research the mysterious underwater pyramids of Yonaguni they find an unknown statue of a monster. During the night on the boat the object is stolen and Arcadia is determinate to get it back no matter what. She even out dares one Japanese Mafioso who insists that the statue is Ryukami, the Dragon God who will rise again one day. Will she be able to secure the statue from the hands of the Yakuza and will she be safe from the ancient monster living in the depths of the sea?

Arthurian Saga Series

• SECRET KNIGHT - CONSPIRACY, Book 1
After Guinevere's death Camelot has become a sad and quiet place. King Arthur never shows his face in public again. The golden age of chivalry was over. The Order of the Round Table was broken up, its gallant youths dead or moved away. Shining armors and beautiful horses were hardly ever seen again in Camelot until one day the first proper knight comes through town. His appearance stirs great excitement in Eric, a young working lad, who often day dreams about knights and the good old days of Camelot. When he overhears the stranger plotting to kill King Arthur he gets greatly distressed. To save the kingdom and warn the King, Eric risks his own life.

