

Hyde

A novel
By Barry Friedman



Hyde
Copyright ©2011 by Barry Friedman

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic or mechanical, including  photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.


Also by Barry Friedman
Novels

Dead End
Assignment:Bosnia
Prescription For Death
The Shroud
Sleeper
Max
Fracture
The Old Folks at Home: Warehouse Them or Leave Them on the Ice Floe

Non-fiction

The Short Life of a Valiant Ship
That's Life: It's Sexually Transmitted and Terminal



Acknowledgements
The characters in this book are fictional. Any resemblance to people who are alive is pure coincidence. In 1886, Robert Louis Stevenson (1850-1894) published a book titled, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (London: Longmans, Green, 1886; New York: Scribner’s, 1886). (A great read, by the way.) Although there is some similarity in the plot and character names, it is unlikely that the inspiration for Mr. Stevenson’s story came from my book. The reverse may not necessarily be so.


"... in my own person,... I learned to recognize the thorough and primitive duality of man; I saw that, of the two natures that  contended in the field of my consciousness, even if I could rightly be said to be either, I was radically both; and from an early date even before the course of my scientific discoveries... had begun to suggest the most naked possibility of such a miracle, I had learned to dwell with pleasure, as a beloved daydream, on the thought of the separation of these elements."
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde 
Robert Louis Stevenson


ONE
Eddie Hyde told Ms. Gates the twenty-eight months at Mansfield Correctional Institution he’d pulled for B and E plus grand theft auto had convinced him. Crime sucked. Ms. Gates sat there at her desk chewing a thumbnail and nodding like she’d heard it before. 
“Just remember the conditions of your parole. Do not associate with criminals, do not purchase firearms...” 
“Listen, Ms. Gates, I’ve done lots of stupid things, but carrying wasn’t ever one of them.”
She nodded some more, her earrings bouncing up and down. She wasn’t bad looking if only she didn’t wear those hiking boots. “I’m just reminding you.”
Hyde said sure he understood, and let her go on with the list while he gazed out the window. From her office on the fourth floor of the State Office Building he could see Lake Erie and a couple of sailboats coasting inside the breakwater. Maybe someday he could afford one, go cruising down to Sandusky or up to Ashtabula. He saw himself tanned and barefooted, wearing cut-offs, trimming the jibs or whatever they called it. 
“...and remember to report in every Friday. Are you with me, Mr. Hyde?”
“What? Oh, sure.” 
Hyde meant it. He was through. No more. Arrow straight from here on. Social Services had gotten him a job, if you call bussing tables at a Granny’s for minimum, a job. But it would pay his rent at the fleabag residential hotel. Two meals a day he’d get at the restaurant, maybe sneak out a little on the si... Hold it. He wouldn’t heist so much as a paper napkin.
“You’re what, thirty-two?”
Hyde nodded. 
“Never married?” 
“Nope.” Not that he wouldn’t like to settle down if he found the right girl. Maybe, if he stayed straight this time, maybe got a decent job, maybe...maybe... maybe.
Ms. Gates glanced up from the paper on which she was making notes. “You understand I don’t mean to be personal, but these are things I must—.”
“Sure, sure I understand.”
She smiled and held her gaze on him. Hyde smiled back. Waited for her to say he reminded her of John Travolta. But she cleared her throat and quickly dropped her eyes to her desk as though she was embarrassed. 
She squared the papers. “That’ll be all for today, Mr. Hyde.”
“Eddie.”
She nodded but just gave him a fleeting smile.
 
Hyde took a deep breath as he strolled down the steps of the building in the sunlight. He couldn’t get enough of the clean air in his lungs. Even dust-filled, the Cleveland air beat the dank smell of the ancient walls in his cell in Mansfield. 
Feeling the warmth of the pleasant June day and the tightness of his clothes, he removed his tie, stuffed it into the pocket of his suit jacket, and opened the top button of his shirt. The suit was the one they’d tossed to him when he checked out of Mansfield, and if the State of Ohio had paid more than fifteen bucks for it, they’d been snookered.  If Ms. Gates noticed that his broad shoulders and chest strained the seams of the jacket, and for a guy six-feet tall, the trousers rode up to his ankles, she was polite enough not to say anything or laugh.  But buying a new suit was not at the top of his shopping list, besides when he wasn’t in the white uniform with the Granny’s logo patch, he wore one of the two pairs of jeans and checkered shirts he’d picked up in a second-hand clothing store.

Gus Cruz handed Hyde a broom, told him to make sure he swept good under the tables. Cruz was about five-ten, two hundred pounds, shaggy black eyebrows that met in the middle of his forehead and biceps that bulged out of his white uniform shirt. He said right off he didn’t like ex-cons, didn’t trust them, and if Hyde got an inch off line he was gone. Hyde said yes sir and as he was putting the broom away, Cruz pointed to the bucket, told him to mop the floor even though he had mopped it twice in the past hour and it was already fifteen minutes past the end of his shift. 
It didn’t get any easier, and even after a week, Cruz rode his ass constantly. Bussing dishes was the least of his jobs. He hauled garbage, swept and mopped, helped unload delivery trucks and swept and mopped, swept and mopped until his hands were blistered. The two meals he was entitled to, he wolfed down while standing alongside the dishwashing machine. Chairs and tables were for customers, Cruz growled, not sleazy ex-cons. 
At nine-thirty the evening of the second Friday, he stood waiting in the kitchen for his paycheck. Cruz pushed through the swinging door, wiping his hands on a paper towel. “What the hell you standing around for?”
“My check.”
“Yeah? Well the toilet in the Ladies is stopped up, go unplug it.”
“Hey. My shift ended at eight.”
“Your shift ends when I say it ends. Go unplug the toilet.” He turned from Hyde, and stood gazing through the small round window in the swinging door looking out into the restaurant.
Hyde glared at the back of Cruz’s sweat-stained shirt; clenching his jaw so tight he thought he’d break a tooth. A six-inch double-edged knife sat on the counter of the dishwashing machine so close to his hand he wouldn’t have to lean over to grab the handle. He saw himself plunging it into Cruz’s shirt, saw blood spurting from around the edges, heard air whooshing from the man’s chest. His hand crept toward the knife, fingers barely an inch from the hilt. 
Cruz turned to face him. “What the hell you waiting for?” He didn’t seem to notice the knife or Hyde’s hand.
Hyde felt his eyes boring through Cruz’s skull. His breath scorched his throat.  Suddenly, the heat left his body and he dropped his glance to the floor. “Where’s the plunger?”
 
At ten-thirty, Hyde trudged down the street to the bus stop. At this time of night, he’d have a half-hour wait. He flopped on to the wooden bench, leaned his head back, closed his eyes. It had been years since he’d whacked someone. Tonight, with Cruz, he came that close. He thought he’d put that other time out of his head. He was only nineteen, and only one of them would live, either Hyde or—what was his name? He couldn’t even remember the guy’s name, that’s how much he’d blocked it out. The guy, Hanson, yeah Swede Hanson had come after him with a shiv over a pack of butts he claimed were his. Only they were Hyde’s and he wasn’t about to give them up even if Hanson was twice his size and had all the other cons in the yard scared shitless of him. He’d wrestled the shiv out of Hanson’s grip and shoved it into the meat of the bastard’s throat. To this day he remembered the buzz he’d felt watching the big Swede choke on his own blood. Tonight, when he was about to pop Cruz he experienced that same feeling: a tingle from the pit of his belly to his groin. He’d wanted so badly to plunge that knife, to get that feeling once again. Like a boozer who’d sworn off the stuff, seeing a full shot glass within his reach, smelling the delicious aroma, drooling in anticipation of the taste…Eddie, Eddie knock it off. Hyde shook his head to break out of the spell. And yet, he wondered how much longer he could take the shit Cruz poured on his head day after day. Maybe he should quit before he did something that could land him back in Mansfield or some place worse, if there was some place worse. If he quit this job who’d hire him? Maybe he could get work in a car wash but he doubted he’d be better off.  After all, he had a skill. There wasn’t a lock he couldn’t get into. All he needed was a set of picks. Maybe this time he wouldn’t get caught. Sure. That’s what he told himself last time. The hiss of the bus door broke into his thoughts.
The sodium streetlights gave an eerie quality to the dark night, and he quickened his pace after getting off the bus at St. Clair, and headed for the stuttering orange neon light over the entrance to The Excelsior Hotel. He pressed the buzzer alongside the door, locked after ten to keep out nomadic drunks that were plentiful in this area, and waited until Poole, the night porter, peered through the lobby’s glass door before admitting him. The elevator, bouncing from one side of the shaft to the other, jerked to a stop at the third floor where he got out and unlocked the door to his apartment. 
He flicked on the floor lamp, glanced around at the Goodwill-reject furnishings. In spite of the sagging couch, an easy chair whose springs leaked out of the bottom, a worn, hideous green, wall-to-wall carpet, and a small drop-leaf table with a surface etched in circular patterns left by glasses, he still felt pride at having a place of his own, finally out of Cruz’s range. The dipshit obviously trying to provoke him so he could tell the people in the main office where the orders had come to hire Hyde, that he was a no good ex-con who couldn’t be trusted, wouldn’t follow orders. So far, he’d resisted all kinds of temptation to get back into the old life. A couple of weeks weren’t a long time, but maybe, just maybe, he’d finally gotten his life in order. 
Hyde dragged himself into the bedroom; so tiny he had to squeeze himself sideways against the wall to get to the bathroom. But he wasn’t complaining. His own bathroom with a door. Not like Mansfield where he shared a seatless commode with his cellmate. 
He peeled off his clothes, stood in the shower and for five minutes let the hot water wash over him. No one yelling at him to get the hell out, let one of the other thirty guys standing in line waiting to get in. 
After his shower, Eddie flopped on the bed, laced his hands behind his head, and behind his closed eyelids could see himself drifting on a sailboat in a light breeze on Lake Erie. Alongside him, sat Ms. Gates in a flowered dress, one hand lazily dragging in the water.

 
TWO
Eddie Hyde sat in front of Ms. Gates’s desk, seeing how her auburn hair hung down like soft feathers over each cheek while she read his report.  Without looking up she said, “You were ten minutes late for work last Tuesday.”
“Cruz put that in the report?”
She nodded, went on reading.
He said, “The bus broke down six blocks from the restaurant. I got off and practically ran the rest of the way.”
She looked up for a moment, then resumed reading. “Says here you dropped a tray of dishes, broke three plates, a cup and two glasses.”
“Hey, one tray out of three hundred ain’t all that bad.” He looked to see if she’d smile, thought he saw a flicker of her lips. “Anyway, Cruz took six bucks out of my check. Six bucks. Goddam dishes cost maybe three, the amount they buy.”
Finally she was finished, squared the pages and placed them in the manila folder. “I hope you’re following all the admonitions, Mr. Hyde”
“Eddie.”
“Okay, Eddie.”
He waited to see if she’d say, call me Lucy. No, it stayed Ms Gates. Probably Mrs. Gates with a husband who was a six-two hunk.
“Are you?”
“Am I what?”
 “Staying within the conditions of your parole.”
“You see the reports. Say anywhere I’m out of bounds?” 
She shook her head. 
“Ms. Gates, you’re a psychologist, right?”
“No. I’m a sociologist. I’ve had some training in psychology, of course. All parole officers do. Why?”
He hesitated, not sure it would sound right. Finally decided to give it a shot. “Well, I got to admit I get awfully tempted to chuck it all. Sometimes I think all the bad stuff that’s been inside my head for years is building up like steam in a pot of boiling water.”
“By ‘bad stuff’ you mean a lack of respect for authority?”
“That’s partly it. But it’s more.” He was going to tell her that when he was into crime, he felt free, happy, didn’t give a shit. Even as a kid, he knew stealing cars would end him up in reform school. And later, when he was older, it was the same. Exciting. Kind of a game, a challenge. See how much he could get away with before he was caught, and he did get away with murder. The bulls never figured it was he who’d knifed Hanson. But, again, they didn’t try too hard. Probably glad to be rid of the troublemaker. Tell all that to his parole officer? Come on.  
“You mean you’re tempted to go back to a life of crime?”
”I wouldn’t do that.” He meant he was tempted to do the crime, but he sure as hell didn’t want to do the time. “Can I ask you something?”
She tilted her head like she was afraid he was going to ask her something personal. “What would you like to know?”
 “Maybe this is crazy, but can a person’s mind stand just so much temptation, and then, boom, it explodes out of you?”
She put her head back and laughed then quickly reined it in. ”I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to ridicule you. But that’s so fanciful: I had this vision of the Devil popping out of the top of your head. No, if your desire and will power are strong there’s no limit to the amount of temptation you can resist.”
Easy for her to say. Every day was the same as every other for Hyde. He went to work at a job he hated, was pushed around by a head-banger who was more like a yard bull than a boss. The customers in the restaurant looked through him like he was a pane of glass. He dragged-ass home every night to a crummy room, flopped into bed, waited for the alarm to get him up and back in the loop. He said, “I hope you’re right.” But he wasn’t convinced.

Two days after his last session with Ms. Gates, he found an envelope-sized billfold on the bench seat of a booth table he was bussing. He picked it up, felt its thickness, and concealed it under the tray of dishes he carried into the kitchen. His pulse sped, and he experienced the rush he’d get when he’d heisted a heavy score. He set the tray on the dishwasher, glanced around to be sure no one was close by, and looked inside. Jesus. The wad of bills was at least half an inch thick. All hundreds. Had to be close to a grand, maybe more. He’d never seen that much cash in one place. Just the sight of it made him tingle down to his toes. Who would carry a load that size? Who’d be careless enough to leave it behind? Was him, he’d be patting his pocket every two minutes make sure it was still there. Had to be someone used to hauling around heavy-duty cash. Druggies. 
His mind flashed back to the table, and right away he knew. He’d seen the pair when he cleared the table next to theirs. The one in that seat was the head goon. Red beard, ponytail, leather jacket. Looked like he belonged in the saddle of a Harley. The guy across the table was the skinny black dude, gold stud gleaming in his left earlobe. 
Hyde felt his knees weaken, leaned on the counter of the dishwasher to steady himself. In his hand was a pardon. His one-way ticket from a hand-to-mouth existence of standup meals, of cheap misfit clothes, of roach-infested rooms and, maybe worst of all, of having his face rubbed in Cruz’s shit day-after-day. 
He stood in the kitchen debating what to do, knowing that the “old” Eddie Hyde would have been halfway to Vegas by now, sitting in first class, sipping champagne. It wasn’t even stealing. He found it, right? The Hell’s Angel would be back for it, of course, but when he learned that it was gone along with Hyde, what was he going to do? Call the cops? Right. Officer, I had this stash from a drug buy... 
His fingers closed tightly around the billfold and he knew he was going to turn it in. Still, why not peel off one or two bills and stuff them into his pocket? Anybody walking around with a bankroll that size wasn’t going to count it. He reached into it when he heard the squeal of the swinging door behind him. He held the billfold under his apron, turned as Cruz pushed through the door.  
 
 
THREE
Hyde’s hand holding the billfold was under his apron, as Cruz, scowling as usual, came in gripping with both hands a tray full of dirty dishes. His glance dropped to Hyde’s waist and he shoved the tray at him. “Here, shithead. I’m doing your work while you stand around playing with yourself. Take these.” 
Tucking the billfold under his belt, he tried to make it appear that he was adjusting his trousers, hiking them up. He took the tray setting it down on the dishwasher counter. Cruz pointed to the door to the dining area. He turned up a corner of his mouth. “There are more tables need bussing—or ain’t you working for me no more?”
Hyde headed for the door hoping that the billfold wouldn’t slip out from under his belt. In the restaurant, he snatched an empty tray from one of the folding stands, headed for a table just vacated and began to clear the dirty dishes. From the edge of his vision, he saw standing at the cashier’s desk the bearded biker whose money at that moment felt like a hot iron trying to push a hole in his belly. The guy was talking to Carol, the cashier. 
While he loaded the tray, Hyde gauged the distance to the booth where he’d found the billfold thinking he might be able to replace it. But before he could take a step, Carol and the beard walked over to it. Carol stood by while the guy ran his hand over the bench seat, then bent down to look under the table. He rose up shaking his head and saying something Hyde couldn’t hear. Carol pointed to Hyde. Shit. Why didn’t he turn the goddam thing in when he’d found it? He’d piled the tray with all the dirty dishes it would hold. If he could make it to the kitchen before they got to him, he’d toss the billfold under a cutting table. He’d almost reached the door when Cruz pushed it open from the kitchen side, so Hyde had to wait, let him pass. 
“Eddie!” Carol called. 
He pretended he hadn’t heard, but before he could get to the door, felt a hand on his shoulder. He turned to face Cruz. “The girl’s calling. You deaf?”
“Hey, this tray’s heavy. Let me set it in the kitchen.”
Cruz still had hold of his shoulder, ignored his plea and spoke to Carol, who accompanied by the beard, was now alongside. “What’s the problem?”
Carol tilted her head. “This customer left a few minutes ago. Claims he left his billfold on the seat. I wanted to ask Eddie if he saw it when he cleared the table.”
Hyde felt the heavy tray begin to shake. Cruz stared into his face. “Well?”
“Well what?” The glasses on the tray started rattling. A fork fell, clinked as it hit the floor and bounced.
“Where’s the man’s billfold?”
“How should I know? Hey, let me get this tray inside before I drop it.”
Cruz’s eyes became slits. “Listen you—.”
The beard held up a hand. “Hold it. Guy says he don’t know, he don’t know. Maybe I left it somewhere else. It’ll turn up.” He smiled, his yellow teeth framed by the thick red mustache and bushy beard.
Carol said, “Leave your name and phone number. If it’s found I’ll call you.”
Hyde felt Cruz’s hand slide off his shoulder. He hurried to the kitchen, placed the tray on an empty table and stood alongside, his heart pounding in his chest. He felt the fat billfold at his waist, but didn’t dare remove it for fear Cruz would come charging through the door any moment.
After his breathing had returned to normal, Hyde went back to the dining area, busied himself clearing and wiping the tables while Cruz stood at the door to the kitchen, hands on his hips, his eyes like daggers, watching his every move. The son-of-a-bitch looking for any excuse to tell the people upstairs, “I tried to give the guy a chance, but a crook is a crook. I had to fire him.”
When his shift ended at eight, he changed from his white uniform to his street clothes of blue jeans and checkered shirt. The billfold he tucked into his sock. In spite of its bulk, his trouser leg covered the bulge. He smiled to himself at the thought that his sock held more money than he’d make in a year, but he was still not sure what to do with it.
He whistled as he walked to the bus stop—until he caught a glimpse of the black Lincoln with dark-tinted windows creeping alongside. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a window glide down and a voice softly called, “Hey, buddy. Over here.” Had to be The Beard. He dressed like a biker but these wheels did not belong on a Harley. For a very brief moment, Hyde thought of making a break, realized he’d get maybe ten yards before a slug tore into his back. 
He smiled as he strolled to the curb, leaned toward the open rear window, saw the red beard. “You calling me?”
The guy was smiling. “Get in.”
“That’s okay, I’m grabbing the bus. But thanks anyway.”
The smile vanished. “Get the fuck in here.”
He opened the door and got in. 
When Hyde was seated next to him, The Beard held out a hand. “You got something belongs to me.”
The car started moving. “You mean the billfold?”
The Beard spoke to the driver, the dude who’d been seated across from him at the restaurant. “See, LeRoy. This is a real smart cat. Right away he got back his memory.”
Hyde barely caught a glance of the huge hand as it slammed into his face. Brilliantly colored lights flashed into his field of vision. He tasted blood and ran his tongue over a raw lip, felt a front tooth wobble.
“So where’s my property?” The man’s voice seemed to be filtered through cotton. “Thing is, it’s got my credit cards and you know how hard it is to replace that shit.”
Hyde started to reach down to his sock, but was pulled up by the guy’s arm wrapped around his neck. “Stay up here where I can talk to you. And it’d be real cool if you didn’t reach down where I can’t see.”
“You want the billfold?” Hyde’s voice sounded strangled.
“The billfold’s down there?”
“In my sock.”
The Beard reached down, felt the bulk, then yanked up Hyde’s trouser leg and fished the billfold out of his sock. He flipped it open, fanned the bills.
Hyde said, “It’s all there.”
The guy stuffed the billfold into the inside pocket of his leather jacket. He gave Hyde that toothy grin. “I didn’t think for a minute it wasn’t. What’s your name, m’man?”
“Eddie Hyde. What’s yours?”
“Abe Lincoln. You don’t like that one try Dick Nixon. What the fuck you want to know for? Planning to invite me to a party?”
Hyde had met dozens like this one. They were in every pokey he’d been in, from city lockups to county slammers, to state pens. He’d never made it to the feds, but he was sure they could be found there. Heavies who ran the place, took what they wanted from the other inmates. Kings who gave orders to everyone from the warden on down. Bullies who gave up their power only when they lay on the cement deck with a shank sticking out of their backs. They respected you only if you didn’t cower. Hyde said, “You got what you came for. I’ll get out here.”
Lincoln\Nixon laughed, a deep belly laugh. “Jesus, man, don’t be so unfriendly. You got a reward coming.”
“You already gave me my reward. I can taste it.”
“Nah, that was for keeping me waiting until you got off work. An honest guy like you, Eddie, I got something special.”
He reached forward and from a pocket on the back of the front seat, pulled out a rectangular, brown paper-wrapped package, looked like it contained a book. He tossed it to Hyde. From its feel, he knew it wasn’t a book.  “This is top grade shit. Enjoy.” He leaned toward the driver. “Okay, LeRoy. Stop the car. The gentleman wants to leave us.”
Pressing a handkerchief to his still oozing lip, Hyde walked to the bus stop on the next corner. He carried the package under his arm, thought about dropping it into a waste container. He wasn’t sure what was in it, but whatever it was he didn’t want to be caught with it. He had it poised over the wire basket, but decided he’d have a look inside when he got home. Then he’d chuck it. 

 
FOUR
Hyde tossed the package on the drop-leaf table when he entered the apartment. From the small refrigerator he took a can of Bud, popped it and took a long swallow. The pressure of the cold beer can stung his lip, reminding him of the backhand sucker slap he’d taken. He probably could have handled the prick, big as he was. But Hyde knew if he put up a fight, the odds were he’d end up in an alley with a third eye in the middle of his forehead.  He went to the bathroom and gazed at his reflection in the mirror. The lower lip was swollen and an upper front tooth wobbled when he pushed it with his tongue, but he’d had a lot worse. 
He flopped on the couch, took another drag on the beer and daydreamed what he could have done with the dough. Maybe gone to Vegas or Atlantic City, hit it big, or, more likely pissed it away. Shows. Girls. The tables. Girls. But whatever he’d done with it, he would have had fun while it lasted. Would have. He tried to remember the last time he had a good time. Not since he’d been sent up. What was that? Over two years ago. This was supposed to be the Good Life? 
He gazed across the room at the black screen of the TV set. The day he plugged it in after paying the mutt on the street fifteen bucks for it, goddam thing made one bright flash then stopped working. He knew it was hot but figured it would operate. He would have thrown it out, but there was little enough furniture in this rat hole. He knew a dozen places he could rip-off a TV that worked. Wait a minute. He had to stop thinking like that. That was over. Finished. He’d sit here forever staring at the stained ceiling and torn wallpaper before he’d go back to the life that would end up with him sitting on a cot in the cellblock listening to some yo-yo blowing on a harmonica. 
But a day like today made it more and more difficult, seeing that slob stuff a billfold full of cold cash in his pocket, then lean back on the leather upholstered seat of his Lincoln. Knowing that the Lincoln and the two thousand dollar threads the man no-doubt had in his closet in his no-doubt million-dollar house, were bought with illegal profits. Maybe more illegal than the things he himself had ever done. All together, the jewelry and TV sets and one or two cars he’d sold to fences through the years wouldn’t amount to the contents of the billfold he’d snuggled to his belly this afternoon. And, not that it made much difference, but the people he stole from could afford the loss. The drugs this guy sold, ruined lives and killed kids. Hyde went to prison when he was caught. This yahoo probably had a stable of lawyers and would walk away from any charge, including murder-one, with a slap on the wrist. 
So far, he was able to hold it all in. But, like he told Ms. Gates, he was worried that the temptations were building up a head of steam inside him.
He yawned and stretched, his hand brushing the package he’d dropped on the table. He’d forgotten about it, but now he decided to open it, see what “reward” he’d been given. While he cut the string tied around it, he thought he should have told The Beard to keep the top grade shit, whatever it was. He’d rather have one of the bills. He’d snorted coke once and it made him sick. He’d smoked a joint or two and he didn’t see what was the big deal about the stuff, except maybe give him a headache. 
He removed the paper wrapping and exposed brown-green, dried leaves pressed into a flat block about six by four inches, and three inches thick. He supposed it was marijuana, although the weed he’d seen in the past had been like loose tobacco. He had no cigarette paper, so he couldn’t smoke it now even if he’d wanted to He was about to rewrap it, when he noticed writing on the portion of the paper that had been on the inner side of the package. It was written in black ink and meant nothing to him. Cannabis stevensoni XXX.

 
FIVE
Hyde heard someone call, “Hey, Eddie.” He turned toward the booths alongside the restaurant window, saw a hand in the air. He left the rag on the table he was wiping, walked to the little guy with a hooked nose who was waving and recognized Vinnie Risuto who’d gotten out of Mansfield six months before him. Risuto had worked in the print shop, which Hyde thought was pretty funny since it was printing that got him in there. The Lakefront Stadium tickets he printed looked almost genuine—almost.
Risuto stuck out his hand, looked around and spoke quietly. “I see you got sprung, Eddie.”
He shrugged. “How they treating you, Vinnie?”
Risuto craned his skinny neck, gazed around the restaurant. “Looks like better than you.”
Well, he was a customer, and Hyde was cleaning up after him, so maybe he was right about that. “I’m doing okay.“
 Risuto glanced at the menu. “What’s good?”
“Everything. Karen’s your waiter—I mean server. She’ll be here in a minute.” Risuto always had an angle and Hyde had doubts he was straight now. He started to walk away. 
Risuto grabbed his wrist. “Wait a minute. Don’t run off. It’s been a while since I seen you.”
Hyde saw Cruz, arms folded across his chest, standing at the cashier’s desk, looking his way. “Hey, I got to get back to work. Talk to you later.”
“What time do you get off, Eddie? I’ll buy you a beer.”
“Eight o’clock.” Hyde knew Risuto had something more in mind than buying him a beer, and whatever it was, it wasn’t kosher. “I don’t know about the beer.” 
Risuto let go of his wrist. “I’ll pick you up in front at eight. We’ll have a nice talk.”
With Cruz breathing down his back, Hyde didn’t want to get into more of a discussion, so he nodded. He’d meet the goombah, maybe have a beer with him, brush him off as soon as he could. 
At the end of his shift, Hyde changed into street clothes and walked out the front door. He was relieved when he saw no car parked in front, until he heard three beeps of a horn from the side parking lot. Risuto was seated at the wheel of a canary yellow Nissan Maxima.
Hyde strolled over and got in.
Risuto grinned. “Not too shabby, right?”
Hyde gazed at the instrument panel. “I’m looking for the hot wire.”
Risuto shoved his shoulder. ”Hey, come on. I even got papers, you know, registration.”
“You haven’t forgotten how to print?” Hyde was making a joke, but the greaser’s sly side glance told him he was on the mark.
While they drove, Risuto told him he had his own small printing firm. “Not like the old days when we set type. Everything’s computerized. Word processors and laser printers do everything better than I used to with a press.”
“Sounds like you’re legit.”
“Wellll—.”
Figured. Hyde waited for the pitch. 
“Matter of fact I’m glad I ran into you. I think I can do you some good. Do both of us some good.”
Hyde shook his head. “Thanks, Vinnie, but no thanks. I’m out of the action. For good.”
Risuto’s head bobbed slowly. “Sure you are. You’re gonna stay a busboy the rest of your life—and I’m the next Pope.”
He parked in the lot of Four Leaf Clover Cafe and they entered the dimly lit bar room that smelled of stale cigarette smoke, stale beer and stale bodies. On the overhead TV screen a black guy in purple trunks was taking roundhouse punches at a black guy in white trunks who was being held up by the ropes. Risuto ordered beers at the bar, then they carried them to a booth.
Risuto said, “You at least gotta listen. I’m not gonna pressure you, but after you hear how you and me are gonna make a bundle with practically no risk, you’re gonna kiss me.”
Hyde sipped his beer while Risuto explained how all he had to do was hang out at self-service gas stations where they use ATM cards to charge for gas. He would sit in a parked car with a video camera that had a long-range lens. “The pigeon slides his ATM card in a slot, then punches in his secret number, right? You take a picture of him doing it. Mosta these guys take the receipt that automatically comes outta the machine, and toss it in the waste can. All you do is, after they drive away, get the receipt outta the trash. From it I make up a plastic ATM card you can’t tell from the original. We play back the video slow motion so we can see what buttons he pushed, and we got the PIN number that goes with the card. We take it to a bank ATM machine and clean out the guy’s account. Of course, there’s a limit to each withdrawal, but between the two of us we can hit a dozen banks in less than an hour.”
He leaned back and sipped, looking at Hyde over the rim of his glass. Risuto hadn’t changed. Same wizened rat-like face. Eyes darting one side to the other. Hyde didn’t question the guy’s ability to duplicate the plastic and he made it sound easy. Too easy.
Risuto said, “What about it?”
“I’m thinking.”
“What’s to think? Beats climbing into second story windows.”
“I’m not doing that either. Besides, I don’t have a car.”
Risuto snickered. “What color you want?”
He wasn’t kidding, but Hyde ignored the offer. “If the ATM thing is so easy what do you need me for? You can handle it by yourself.”
“Sure I can but you look like you could use a favor—. What are you looking under the table for? Drop something?”
“No, I’m trying to see if the bullshit is over my shoe tops yet.”
Risuto slammed his beer glass down on the table. “Jesus. I try to help and this is the thanks I get. Forget it.” He started to get up and Hyde thought he’d just leave, but Risuto sat down again shaking his head. “Look, Eddie, I don’t want no hard feelings between us. We went through a lot, the two of us, and I know if it was the other way around you’d try to do the same for me. Don’t decide now. Think it over, okay?”  
Risuto not wanting to let it go. Must have some other reason for wanting him in. And yet it did sound easy. Maybe Risuto was on the level. “I’ll let you know.” Hyde drained his glass. “Look, I’m beat. Let’s go. Thanks for the beer.”
Risuto scribbled on a slip of paper. “Here’s my phone number. Keep in touch, hear?”

Hyde sat in the easy chair with the broken springs, staring out of the apartment window into the dark. Sitting in the bar, he had come that close to joining Risuto in his “foolproof” scheme. Even now, it took all the will power he could muster to keep from running to the phone. He stood up and paced the small living room. The loosely wrapped package of pressed leaves on the drop-leaf table caught his eye. His “reward.” He’d started to throw it away several times, but each time thought it was a waste of good stuff maybe someone could use. Well, right now he could use it. Maybe relax him. 
He unwrapped the package, crumbled a small amount of the leaves in his palms. He’d need a piece of paper to wrap it in. He thought about using toilet paper or Kleenex but decided they’d flame up and burn too quickly. Cigarette paper is what he needed. He took the rocking elevator down to the lobby where a cigarette vending machine stood against a wall. He stared at the sign indicating how much he’d have to deposit, amazed at how high the price had risen since he last bought a pack.
In his apartment, with a razor blade Hyde carefully slit open one of the unfiltered Camels and dumped the tobacco into a wastebasket. He tapped out the weed he’d crumbled, distributing it evenly from one end of the cigarette paper to the other, rolled it, licked the edge to seal it, twisted the ends so none of the material would drop out, wet the end with the tip of his tongue before placing the reefer between his lips. It had been a long time since he’d rolled a joint, but it was like riding a bike you didn’t forget how. He lit a match, touched it to the paper and watched it flare. He quickly blew out the match and dropped it into the ashtray on the end table alongside. Finally, he took a drag.
Eight, nine, ten, he counted while he held his breath, letting the smoky chemical seep into his lungs. He closed his eyes and felt the first buzz. Felt and heard it pounding in his head. Louder and louder. Beating like a hammer on his skull. Then came an agonizing crunch in his bones, pain that made him cry out softly. Jesus, Jesus, what in hell is going on. Searing flashes of pain in his arms and legs and back and neck. From a distant part of his brain came the thought that he wasn’t going to survive this. Then came nausea that drove him, bent at the waist, for the bathroom where he retched and spat mouthful after mouthful of bitter, green bilious fluid into the sink. Now he was sure he was dying. He squeezed his eyes shut, and behind the lids flashes of light appeared: green, orange, red.
Finally, finally, the nausea and vomiting subsided, and he stood supporting himself with a hand on either side of the bowl. Slowly he raised his head and gazed in the mirror at the  age-lined face framed by long, black hair that strung down over sunken cheeks and red-rimmed rheumy eyes. Small eyes black as coal.  

 
SIX
The figure who stood where Eddie Hyde had been puking his guts out, gazed into the mirror and couldn’t believe what he was seeing. Maybe it wasn’t a mirror, but a pane of glass with someone on the other side peering back at him.  He tilted his head one way then the other, and the image copied his moves. He reached up to touch the glass. What the hell happened to Eddie Hyde’s hand, calloused from pushing Cruz’s goddam mop? This hand had slender, gnarled fingers with nails like those of a cat. And look at the shirt. Buttoned, Eddie Hyde’s neck, thickened with muscle developed from pumping iron at Mansfield, had bulged over the size seventeen collar. This scrawny neck looked like it belonged on a chicken. He turned around to be sure the reflection wasn’t someone standing behind him. No, he was alone. Could that weed he’d smoked do all this? Could Hyde shed his skin like a snake and this is what was inside? C’mon, such things were not possible—but it was happening. When Eddie Hyde had asked Ms. Gates if all those bad thoughts inside him could build up a head of steam and erupt, she’d laughed.  Well, Ms. Lucy Gates, take a look. Whose turn is it to laugh now?  He was free of that asshole, Eddie Hyde.  He didn’t know how long it would last, but who gives a shit, right?
He turned to skip out of the bathroom, and almost tripped over his pant legs. Goddam trousers were so loose, that even cinching the belt to the first hole, the waist slid down on his hips. He was at least four inches shorter than Hyde, and had to roll up the bottoms of his trouser legs so he could walk back to the living room. Shoes a little loose but he’d stuff some toilet paper in the toes. 
The physical transformation was one thing. Something else had happened. He hadn’t felt this good in months. Where Hyde had been depressed, this person had the feeling that there was nothing he couldn’t do. It was as though he’d been shot out of a cannon and was still flying through the air. 
He gazed around at the drab room and knew he had to get out of there. Right now. He ran to the door and threw it open, raced out and flung it shut behind him. Pressed the elevator buzzer and danced from one foot to the other while he tried to peer down the shaft to see where the damned thing was. When he heard it squealing in its slow ascent, he couldn’t wait, dashed to the stairs and raced down three at a time. He shot through the small lobby, past two people who had just entered, knocking over an old lady who couldn’t get out of the way fast enough. Old bitch deserved to have a broken leg if she couldn’t move her ass any faster than that.
The street was dark except for the sodium streetlights. A clock on a nearby building told him it was ten-thirty. He looked side-to-side trying to make up his mind which way to go. He was still wearing the trousers with rolled up cuffs and a shirt that was three sizes too large. New threads, that’s what he needed. Half a block away to his left, a man was walking his dog. To his right, the sidewalk was deserted.  He darted in that direction until he spied, down a side street, the overhead sign of a clothing store. He sprinted for it and stood before the store, closed for the night, but through the darkened showcase he could see well-dressed mannequins. Gazing up and down the street, he saw not a soul, not a car. He fumbled in his pocket for something he could use to pick the lock. Nothing. A trashcan stood at the curb. He picked it up and flung it against the glass of the door. The sound of shattering glass reverberated down the street, and an alarm started clanging, but no one appeared. No one ever paid any attention to these worthless alarm bells.  Even if the alarm were wired to the police station, he’d have enough time to do what he had to before the cops got off their asses to respond. He kicked off a few shards of glass that remained in the doorframe, and picked his way through, his shoes crunching over the fragments on the floor. Enough light seeped in from the street so he could see. Just inside the door, slacks hung on a circular rack. He snatched a pair off its hanger, held them to his waist judging the size. Too long. He spun the rack around, selected another pair. These seemed about right. Just to make sure, he grabbed a couple of pairs from the adjacent sizes, then hurried to the shirt counter conveniently tagged with size numbers. Not sure what size would fit, he took one from each of four ranging from 14 to 15 1/2. A rack of shopping bags stood near the door, so he took two on his way out, stuffing the slacks and shirts in the bags. He giggled. This is the way to shop. He was out of the store and down a deserted alley three blocks away, before he saw the flashing lights of a cop car heading for the store. 
In the rear doorway of a shop in the alley, he stripped off the clothes he was wearing, tried on a pair of slacks found they were too large, the second pair fit. Same with the shirts. The clothes he couldn’t wear, he balled up and tossed in someone’s trashcan in the alley. For a moment he considered retrieving them, handing them off to some homeless bum, but screw ‘em. They want clothes, let them work for them like he did. The clothing he’d come with, Hyde’s clothes, he dropped into one of the shopping bags. He might need them again.
He had a new identity. Now for a new name. He shambled along the alley until he came to a doorway leading to apartments upstairs. In the doorway were brass nameplates over the mailboxes of the occupants. The first name he saw was Dr. Jacob Downey. Next to it was H. Kell. He had a new name: Jacob Kell. Dr. Jake Kell. He liked the sound. He stopped, gazed at his feet. Dr. Jake Kell. Why did that name have a familiar sound? Oh well. He giggled as he skipped down the alley, pirouetted swinging the shopping bag in a wide arc. Eddie Hyde, meet Dr. Jake Kell.
 
SEVEN
Dr. Jake Kell yanked on the door handle at the entrance to the Excelsior Hotel. Of course, they locked the goddam door at ten. He leaned on the buzzer until Poole’s face came into view at the door, peering out. Kell faintly heard him through the thick plate glass. He was asking what he wanted. Of course, he didn’t recognize him. Kell smiled, held up the shopping bag for Poole to see. “Package for Eddie Hyde.”
Poole’s brow creased. “This time of night?”
He nodded, cupped his hands over his mouth and yelled, “Clothing he wanted.” He removed Hyde’s trousers from the bag to show the creep.
Poole hesitated for a few moments, then unlocked the door and pointed up. He said, “Third floor.”
“I know.”
Kell got off the elevator, fished the keys out of Hyde’s trouser pocket and let himself in the apartment. He was kite-high, deserved a toke. The weed was still on the drop leaf table, the cigarette pack alongside. He rolled himself a joint, took a deep drag and held it. 
The room spun, his head pounded like someone inside was trying to punch their way out. He knew he was about to throw up, and he just made it to the bathroom before the stuff shot out of his mouth splattering the mirror over the sink. He stood holding on to the bowl, feeling as though he was being lifted out of his shoes, blowing up like air was being pumped into him, feeling his shirt rip, the buttons on his trousers pop off as he felt his body thicken. He gazed into the mirror, saw only a blur.

Eddie Hyde leaned on the sink squinting at the mirror. His eyes were teary, his hair mussed, the place stunk of vomit. Had he awakened from a bad dream? Gazing down he saw that the sleeves of his shirt came down only to his mid forearms.  His shoulders felt as though they were bound in a tight sheet, and flexing them, he heard a loud rip as the shirt gave way. The skimpy trousers he wore had a missing waist button and the belt had torn loose from its buckle. The pant legs were so tight around his thighs and knees; he could take only mincing steps as he limped into the living room. None of this clothing was his. They belonged on a skinny runt not on someone with his physique. He could not imagine whose they were and how he’d gotten into them. Could he be going nuts? Like his cellmate at Mansfield who suddenly started yelling that he was Jesus, and wrapped Hyde in a chokehold to punish him for his sins.  It took four hacks to finally pull him off. After that experience, Hyde vowed that if he ever went out of his mind, he hoped someone would put a bullet through his head. He shuddered and stripped naked, to free himself of such thoughts as much as to relieve himself of the tight clothing. 
On the floor lay a shopping bag. He read the inscription: “Rudolph’s Men’s Shop.” Where did that thing blow in from? Inside were his blue jeans and checkered shirt. He flopped into the easy chair, all the clothing piled in his lap, trying to make some sense out of what had happened. He recalled the toke, the nausea and now waking to find himself in clothing that was several sizes too small. He was Alice in that story he’d read as a kid. The girl who fell down in a rabbit hole. Suddenly, he was exhausted, eyelids leaden, didn’t want to think about it any more. 
Sunlight streaming in the window jarred him awake. He leaped out of the chair and hurried to the bedroom. The clock read eight o’clock. Jesus, late for work again. Cruz was probably already turning in a report to the main office. He had the toothbrush in his mouth when he remembered that this was Friday, the morning he reported to his parole officer and didn’t have to be at work until noon. He leisurely shaved, showered, then wiped up the mess in the bathroom.
In the living room, the strange clothes he’d found last night were strewn on the floor along with the shopping bag. The opened package of weed lay on the table. For a few moments, he stood gazing at the floor, trying to put it together. Weird. It was like he’d awakened from a drinking binge; only he hadn’t had a drink in, like, forever. Except for the beer Risuto had bought him. Could one beer do all this? Not unless Risuto had laced it with something. But that was not likely. Risuto might be into all kinds of shady deals—not 'might be'—was into shady deals, but slipping him a Mickey was not in Risuto’s job description. No, it had to be the grass he’d smoked. He shook his head, put the incident out of his mind and cleaned up the apartment. 

Ms. Gates smiled when he walked into her office. She actually smiled. In her bright summery, yellow sleeveless dress she had an attractive body. Sandals in place of the hiking shoes? A manila folder on her desk was open, and she tapped it when he sat in the straight-backed chair in front of her desk. “I see you’ve been keeping your nose clean, Eddie.” 
Eddie. She remembered, no more ‘Mr. Hyde.’  “I’m trying, Ms. Gates.”
She asked him about the job, his finances, were his living quarters satisfactory. What was he going to tell her: he almost put a knife in Cruz’s back? He had just enough dough to pay for the rent and his food? The Excelsior was a roach-infested dump? He smiled, told her everything was just fine.
She closed the folder and leaned forward. “You’ve been working hard, Eddie. I’m proud of you.”
His chest was about to burst. Suddenly, he was in love.
She went on, “I’d like to ask you a personal question. I hope you don’t mind.”
“I don’t mind.” She could ask him to stand on his head in the middle of Euclid Avenue at rush hour. Naked.
She moistened her lips with the tip of her tongue, and he had to grip the arms of his chair with all his might to keep from jumping across the desk and kissing her. 
“Ordinarily I avoid probing into—uh, the social life of my parolees.” My parolees. He belonged to her. “But I’ve come to consider your case as something special.” Oh, Ms. Gates, Lucy, if you only knew how special I consider you. “I guess I’ve taken the long way around but I must ask, because I feel it’s important from the standpoint of your mental health. Do you have any?”
“Any what?”
“Social life. Are you getting out? Having fun? Good, clean fun?”
He dropped his gaze to the floor. Was he having any fun? Only if you considered contemplating ways to castrate Cruz, fun.  Slowly shook his head. “I really don’t have the time. I work ten, sometimes twelve hours. By the time I drag my a—get home, it’s too late to go out. Besides, I don’t know anyone here. Womenwise, that is. And I certainly wouldn’t just pick up someone. On my days off I do errands: grocery shopping, writing letters, like that.”  He almost said going to church, but figured enough was enough. He wasn’t about to trigger her bullshit alarm.
She pursed her lips, nodded. “I understand. You have no family here, do you?
“I have no family anywhere. I take that back. I have a half brother somewhere who I haven’t seen in ten years. That’s it. My mom’s dead. My old man skipped out when I was about six, and we never heard from him.” 
Ms. Gates clucked in sympathy, then looked up brightly. “Well, you should start thinking about filling your life more completely.”
He grinned. Women had told him his boyish grin was sexy. “I’d go out if I had someone like you to take out.”
Her face reddened. “That’s quite flattering. But, of course you realize I’m prohibited from socializing with any of my charges.”
“Of course. I was only kidding.” Like hell he was. 
She stood up, held out her hand. “Keep up the good work.”
He took it in both his, and the feel of her warm, soft skin made his groin tingle.
 
Hyde was back at work by noon. Carol tapped him on the shoulder while he was wiping off a table. “There’s a call for you.”
Who could be calling him here, at work? He followed her back to the cashier’s counter and picked up the phone. He recognized Vinnie Risuto’s voice. “I didn’t hear from you, thought maybe you lost my number.”
Hyde had no intention of getting involved with Risuto’s scheme. “I thought it over, Vinnie, and I decided it’s not for me. Thanks anyway.”
He was about to hang up but Risuto said, “Okay. No hard feelings. Anyways, I got something for you.”
Hyde was suspicious of anything Risuto might have for him. “What do you mean?”
“You said you didn’t have no car, right? Now you got one. It’ll be in the parking lot of the restaurant when you come out tonight after work. Friend of mine is delivering it. He’ll leave the keys with the cashier. The papers are in the glove compartment.”

“Wait a minute. Jesus, Vinnie, I can’t afford a car.”
“I told you. It’s a present. For old times sake.”
“Vinnie...”
“Don’t worry. It’s clean.”
Hyde knew it was clean only because it had been “cleaned up.” They’d taken the VIN from a wreck and stuck it in a car someone had heisted. Vinnie could counterfeit any kind of document. Those were the registration papers in the glove compartment. That was his present. He knew how Risuto’s mind worked. Eventually, the scheming bastard would want something in return and he could be sure whatever it was wouldn’t be legal. He was about to tell Risuto to keep his goddam hot car, when Cruz pushed through the door from the kitchen. All he needed was Cruz seeing him taking personal calls on the restaurant phone. “Listen I can’t talk. I’ll be in touch.” He hung up.
An hour later, Carol called to him as he came from the kitchen and passed her desk. She held up a ring from which a pair of keys swung. “Someone left these for you a minute ago. Wouldn’t wait. Said you knew what they were.”
A license number was written on a tag hanging from the ring. 
At seven o’clock, when Cruz left for the bank night depository carrying a canvas bag containing the day’s receipts, Hyde went outside to look for Risuto’s “present.” A blue Ford Fiesta two-door sedan in the parking lot had license numbers corresponding to the tag on the key ring. He unlocked the car, sat in the driver’s seat, pictured himself tooling along a road winding around Lake Erie, Lucy Gates alongside. She was resting her head on his shoulder, placing her hand on his thigh, when he reeled in his fantasy. What the hell was wrong with him? She was probably married to some guy she adored. He flung open the car door and hurried back inside the restaurant. He didn’t know about Ms. Gates, but one thing he did know: the car was going back to Risuto.


EIGHT
That goddam Risuto. Right after work, Hyde stood in the darkened restaurant parking lot gazing at the Ford. He had half a mind to leave it sitting there till it rusted through, but he knew any car that was still parked there after the place closed would be towed away. Someone would find his name on the registration papers. No, he’d drive it back to the Excelsior, leave it in their lot.
It felt good to be behind the wheel once again, and the Ford sure handled nicely. He hadn’t driven a car since before he was put away. In fact, he now realized, his license had expired in the two years he’d been in Mansfield. He drove with an eye on the speedometer. When a black and white pulled alongside him at a red light, he looked straight ahead to avoid eye contact. But he couldn’t ignore the  “beep-beep,” the cop tapping on his horn. And when the one in the shotgun seat signaled for him to roll down his window, his throat tightened and he had trouble breathing. Out on the street only three weeks and they’d throw him back in the joint. No license and those phony papers in the glove compartment. He could kill that Risuto. When he had the window down, the cop called over, “Seat belt.” He smiled, reached over and buckled himself in, then waved as the police car pulled ahead. He took a deep breath when he finally pulled into the lot marked “Reserved For Guests of Excelsior Hotel Only.” 
Up in his apartment, he fished through the pocket of his other pair of jeans until he found the slip of paper with Risuto’s number. From the hall pay phone, he punched in the numbers, waited through a dozen unanswered rings. Tomorrow, Tuesday, he had the day off. He’d get the car back to Risuto then.  
 

Eddie Hyde glanced over at the Ford in the hotel parking lot as he passed carrying an armload of groceries. Seemed crazy to be taking a bus or walking, when the car sat there withpractically a full tank and his name on the registration papers in the glove compartment. Who was going to check to see if the papers were state-issued, if it ever came to that? Still, he wasn’t taking any chances. 
That Risuto. Where the hell did he keep himself? Hyde had wasted the whole morning of his day off, on the phone trying to reach him. Tell him to come get his car. 
Back in his apartment, he walked down the hall to the pay phone. He had punched in Risuto’s number so many times already, he didn’t have to consult the slip of paper. Still no answer. He wondered if Risuto’s name was in the ragged phone book hanging next to the phone. Maybe he had the wrong number. A Vincent Risuto was listed, and when he reached the number, the woman who answered told him, “Vincent is at work.”
Hyde couldn’t picture Risuto doing any work. Real work.  “What’s he doing there?”
 “How should I know?  Probably waiting on customers. You want to talk to him, call him there.”
The party who answered at the number she gave him said, “Risuto’s Fish Market.” He hung up.
He had the phone book in his hand, so he idly flipped the pages. “Gates” occupied almost a full column. He wasn’t surprised that there was no “Gates, Lucy.” She might have been one of the four Gates, L., none had listed addresses. Or, it could have been one of the other thirty Gateses. Just because she didn’t wear a wedding band didn’t mean she wasn’t married, although he had to admit the odds were better than eight to five.
He jingled the car keys in his pocket. He couldn’t find Risuto to give him back the car today. Maybe he should make use of it while he still had it. He pressed the elevator “Down” button.  Outside, he strolled over to the hotel’s parking lot.
If someone didn’t know better, they’d have thought he was a cop on a stakeout, sitting in the parked Ford watching while the office building on St.Clair emptied of state employees at four o’clock. He thought he’d missed her until Lucy finally came out, among the last to leave. White blouse, blue skirt. The hiking shoes back on. Maybe she changed from the sandals every day when she left the office to go home. He thought he might have to get out of the Ford to see which car she went to in the large, tiered parking garage, but after waiting about five minutes he spotted her at the exit behind the wheel of a gray Toyota Celica. He followed three cars behind, up St. Clair, over 55th to Carnegie where she turned left just as the light turned red. Blocked by the two cars in front of him, he hammered his fist on the steering wheel, sure that he’d lost her. 
When the light changed, he gunned the Ford and weaved through the traffic, wondering why the hell was he following her. Just curious, he told himself. See where she lived. He finally spotted a gray Toyota making the turn at Cedar. Looked like her car, but to make sure, he had to run a changing red light and fall directly behind the Toyota, hoping there were no cop cars around. Yeah, it was the right car, Lucy Gates was at the wheel. He followed her up Cedar Hill, stopping behind her while she waited for oncoming traffic to break so she could make a left on Oakmont. He ducked his head in case she could see into his car in her rear view mirror. When she made the left turn, he pulled over to the curb on Cedar to avoid following too closely, but she turned left almost immediately into an alley behind an old, red brick, four-story apartment building on the corner. He remained in the parked car, thinking this stalking business was crazy, yet debating whether or not to get out, see if the alley went through to another street. He had his hand on the door handle, when she reappeared, walking around the corner and entering the building. He waited three minutes, then got out of the Ford, crossed the street and into the vestibule of the building. He read the names on the brass plate over the door buzzers until he found it. L. Gates 3-B. 
Back in his car, he wrote down the number of the building, not sure what he’d do with the information. But unless she had a husband named Lawrence or Louis or Leonard, Lucy Gates lived alone in an apartment at the corner of Cedar Road and Oakmont. 

In his apartment, Hyde balled up the KFC bag his supper had come in, tossed it in the garbage. He looked through the cupboard for something sweet for dessert, and found a box of chocolate chip cookie mix he’d bought on an impulse when he was grocery shopping that morning. Looking at the box now he vowed he’d never again shop on an empty stomach. At the time, he’d figured spending two fifty-seven for a mix that would make forty-eight cookies was a hell of a lot cheaper than buying ready-made. And what was the big deal about following directions on the package, right? This worked out, he might become more famous than Famous Amos. Now he opened the box and read: An egg, yeah, he had that. Water, okay. Uh-oh, vegetable cooking oil. He knocked on the door of the biddy who had the apartment down the hall. Through the closed door she demanded his name, rank, serial number and who knew what-all. Finally, leaving the security chain in place, she passed him a paper cup with some oily crap leaking through the sides. He took it back to his apartment and tossed it into the mix. What else to put in? His gaze fell on the partially wrapped package of weed sitting on the drop-leaf table. He recalled getting high on some doctored brownies Big Luke Wayne’s girl friend had smuggled into Mansfield. He was still puzzled over the experience he’d had when he’d toked on the weed a few days ago, was curious to try it again. Maybe he’d see what happened if he ate it. Crumbling a handful of the dried leaves, he dropped them into a saucer and with the back of a spoon, ground them fine. He picked out the coarse stems and poured the powdered weed it into the bowl of cookie mix and stirred. He had no cookie sheet, whatever that was, but figured a couple of frying pans were close enough. He dropped glops of the mix into the pans, placed them in the oven. The instructions said the oven temperature should be 450 degrees (or was it 350 degrees?), but he didn’t think the rectal thermometer the previous tenant had left in his medicine cabinet would read that high, so he looked in the oven every few minutes until they appeared about right. He repeated the process until he’d used up all the mix, piled the cookies on a plate he put in the refrigerator, and sat back to wait until they cooled. 
He gazed out the window into the growing darkness. Only seven-thirty, another long evening to kill. He flopped into the easy chair, scanned the sports pages, ran his glance down the Help Wanted ads. No one was advertising for an ex-con. In the entertainment section, he checked the movie listings, but what were they getting now? Seven-fifty? He thought of the number of trays of dirty dishes he’d have to bus, the number of times he’d have to mop the floor to make that kind of dough. No thanks. Across the room, the blank screen of the worthless TV stared back at him. His day off work, so he wasn’t even tired. In prison at least he had someone to talk to. Now he was free to go where he wanted but imprisoned by lack of money and lack of friends.
He toyed with the package of grass. Found himself slitting another Camel and dumping out the tobacco. He watched his fingers tremble as he rolled the joint. What the hell was he scared of? If he wanted to he could stop right now, dump the whole thing in the wastebasket. In fact, just to prove it, why didn’t he... In the refrigerator, the cookies were probably still cooling. He could wait and try those. On the other hand, why waste the joint he’d already made. He felt the tingle in his belly as he reached for the matches, moving with agonizing slowness to prolong the anticipation. Teased a match from its package, and after he scraped it on the sandpaper, watched it break into flame. He held the match away from the end of the reefer until it had burned down to within a fraction of an inch from his fingertips and the hairs on the back of his fingers started to burn and curl. Only then he touched it to the cigarette paper and watched it flare. He quickly blew out the match and dropped it into the ashtray on the end table alongside. Finally, he took a drag, held it and closed his eyes. Eddie Hyde felt himself shrinking, then floating, then...nothing.

The pain and nausea was not nearly as bad as the first time. Hey, maybe it wasn’t working. But standing and seeing the bottom of his trouser legs cover his shoes, feeling the looseness of his shirt, seeing the slimness of his fingers, he hurried to the bathroom and gazed in the mirror. Doc Jake Kell smiled back at him, Doc Jake Kell threw back his head and laughed. Doc Jake Kell pumped his fist in the air. Let’s go for a ride, baby.
He threw off the loose clothes and put on the smaller ones he’d ripped-off from that clothing store. The back of the shirt was torn, but he covered the tear with a sweater that was too loose but good enough.  He hurtled down the stairs, remembering to stop at Poole’s basement apartment, tell him he was visiting Hyde and to let him in if he came back after lockup time.
 He raced the Ford’s motor before whipping out of the parking lot at a tire-squealing thirty-five miles per hour. Weaving in and out of traffic, he drove aimlessly for fifteen minutes and found himself a few blocks from Granny’s, where he—no, where Eddie Hyde worked. He could walk in, kid around with Karen or Lana or one of the other waitresses on duty. They wouldn’t recognize him, of course, so he could pat them on the ass, watch them get flustered. Maybe they’d call Cruz to throw him out. He’d love to start a fight with the bastard, although without Hyde’s muscle, he’d probably get the shit knocked out of him. Wait a minute. He had all the muscle he needed. Right there in the trunk, next to the spare. He pulled over to the side of the road, got out and leaned into the trunk. Twenty seconds later, he was back in the driver’s seat. Next to him was the jack handle. 
As he drove into the Granny’s parking lot, he saw Cruz at the other end unlocking his car door. In his other hand he held a dirty-white canvas bag. Kell killed his lights and sat in the Ford until Cruz backed out of the space and drove to the exit driveway. When Cruz turned into the road, Kell started the car, followed Cruz’s taillights. He knew where Cruz was going: to the bank where he’d drop the bag into the night depository slot. Sure he would.

 
NINE
Dr. Jake Kell parked on a quiet side street off Lakeshore Boulevard, leading to the lake. On either side, surrounded by half-acre lawns, stood large Victorian mansions with wrap-around porches. partly hidden behind century-old oaks. He got out of the car, looked to either side, saw no one on the street. From the front seat he lifted the canvas bag, heavy with all that dough, and locked it in the car trunk. Reaching under the front seat, his fingers found the jack handle. He knew he had grabbed the wrong end when he felt the sticky dampness, and looking down saw that his hand was bloody. Cruz’s blood. 
He picked up the jack handle by the other end and carried it at his side recalling the lovely crunch as it crashed into Cruz’s skull, remembering the fantastic gut-tingling feeling it gave him, recalling that big body as it lay sprawled in front of the night depository slot. The son of a bitch never knew what hit him. 
He walked down to the edge of the lake. No beach here, a grassy lawn sloped down to a low cement wall separating the grass from the water. So peaceful here; silence broken only by the lapping of small waves against a rock jetty extending out about fifty yards into the water. Although the area was unlit, he scrabbled along the boulders until he reached the end of the jetty. Like a discus thrower, he flung the jack handle out into the lake. Although he couldn’t see the splash in the darkness, he heard it. Except for the canvas bag and the dough it contained, any connection between him and the attack on Cruz, now rested at the bottom of lake Erie.
Kell rinsed the blood off his hand in the lake water, then clambered to shore.
Back in the apartment, he popped a Bud, rolled a joint and sat back to relax. He lit the reefer, watched the paper flare and took a drag. He was King Shit, could do anything he wanted. Exciting things. Hyde, that whimp, had given up the game of challenge. Not old Doc Kell. Who was gonna stop him? Felt good to be rich. Enough cash sat in that canvas bag stowed in the trunk of the Ford to get out of this roach nest. Roach. He gazed down to his hand, saw the smoldering butt, felt the dizziness come on. Shit. He’d forgotten. He was on his way back to Hyde. The nausea and pounding inside his head came on a moment later. He felt his body swelling, quickly loosened his belt, unzipped his trousers and opened the buttons on his shirt. No use ripping up the clothes again.  A flash of light exploded behind his closed eyelids. 

Eddie Hyde found himself seated on the sofa wearing that tight clothing, but this time the buttons and zipper were undone. A Bud can rolled on the floor at his feet. The remains of a soggy cigarette—or could it be a reefer roach? lay in a puddle of beer.  He glanced at his watch. Two AM. When did he get the beer? Or the smoke, whatever the hell it was? Or change into the clothing? He shook his head to clear the fog. What was happening to him? Jesus, he must be working too hard. Maybe coming down with something. Probably some screwy virus, at least he hoped that was all it was. Too tired to think about it now. Had to get some sleep, another hard day at work ahead.

As Hyde approached the back door of the restaurant at seven next morning, Carol ran up from the parking lot. The words flooded out before she reached him. “Hear about Gus?”
He shook his head.
“He was mugged last night. Almost killed him. They stole the deposit.”
Cruz? Mugged? Did someone hate the bastard as much as he did? Or was this a random mugging and robbery? Hyde had trouble keeping a look of pleasure from showing on his face. “Where is he?” 
“Metro. He’s critical. Unconscious.”
“How’d you hear about it?”
“Mr. Lockwood from personnel called me at home about five. They’re sending over a replacement manager.” 
Inside, Charlotte, and the two high school kids who worked the breakfast and lunch shifts huddled around the cash register counter, speaking in hushed tones. Charlotte told him how she’d heard about it on the six o’clock news while she dressed. Hyde made the right sounds while he listened, but the morning breakfast crowd piled in, sparing him the need to look unhappy. He went back to change into his whites.

Hyde didn’t know how efficient the Cleveland computers were, but experience had taught him that in Detroit or Dayton, it wouldn’t be long before the fuzz would be around to question him, a parolee who worked in the same joint as Cruz. Sure enough, two hours after he came to work, two suits were at the front counter speaking to Carol. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw them look his way, then stroll over to the table where he tried to ignore them, scrubbing away at the top with a cleaning cloth. The heavy set one flashed his tin. “Eddie Hyde?”
He nodded. 
“Detective McConnell. Robbery. We’d like you to come downtown with us.”
“Just because I’ve got a sheet?”
McConnell showed a row of yellow teeth. “Now what makes you think that?”
“I’ll have to change.” He gestured toward the back room.
“Sure. Lead the way.”

For two hours they worked him over in the interrogation room. McConnell played “good cop.” His partner, Wisnewski, a lanky guy with a blond mustache, looked like he’d sucked a lemon and his lips froze in a sneer. He told Hyde, “Don’t try to bullshit us, you slimy crook. You waste our time and I promise you, we’ll make sure they throw the key away.”
Hyde knew the drill. Rile him enough to take a swing, and they’d win the game of “gotcha.” He spoke quietly. “You’re looking here at Mr. Clean since I rolled out this time. You can check with Ms. Gates, my parole officer. Besides, you got my rap sheet, violent stuff isn’t my style. Look it up.”  No one had connected Hyde with whacking the Swede years ago in the Huttonsville lockup.  The West Virginia screws didn’t spend much energy looking, happy to get rid of the big troublemaker.  
Wisnewski sneered. “So you graduated from cracking safes and locks to cracking heads.”
Wisnewski. Hyde fought the temptation to ask him if he got that name from the bottom line of an eye chart. Tell him to get on that TV program and buy a couple of vowels.
McConnell backed his partner off. “Hold it, Wiz. Eddie’s a sensible guy. Right, Eddie? We’re just doing our job. Make it easy for us, okay? You help us and we’ll help you, I guarantee it.”
Hyde said, “Look, you want to give me a lie detector test? Do it. But you’re wasting your time.”
McConnell said, “Tell you what. Let’s have a look at your car.”
Hyde shrugged. “How can I afford a car on what they’re paying me?” He thought of the Ford sitting in the middle of the Excelsior Hotel lot surrounded by forty others. Figured the odds that they'd find it with his name on the phony papers in the glove compartment, were too small to worry about.
“We can check with BMV you know.”
“Go check. I don’t even have a license to drive.” Risuto might be able to counterfeit car registration papers, but no way could he get the information into the Bureau of Motor Vehicles computers. Or could he? Risuto amazed him at times with his skills none of them legit. 
“Can we see your apartment?”
“Sure.” No point in refusing, they didn’t need a search warrant to go sniffing around anything a parolee might have. Anyway, there was nothing there to incriminate him. Thank God he’d thought to flush the bulk of the weed down the toilet early that morning. He wanted no part of that shit ever again. The only grass that remained sat in the two, or was it three? joints he had rolled before he threw the rest of the crap away. He’d stuck the joints in the cigarette pack alongside the regular smokes. Oh yeah, the cookies. Forgot about them. He’d added grass to the batter mix. Never even tasted them. The detectives weren’t likely to be looking into a pack of cigarettes or a stack of cookies in the frig. They were looking for a weapon and for money that had been stolen, and he knew that wasn’t in the apartment or any other place he knew of. Good feeling, like being reborn and cherry.

At the Excelsior Hotel, Wisnewski parked the unmarked Dodge sedan out front and pulled down the sun visor with the “Official CPD” sign on it. Hyde crowded alongside the two detectives in the small elevator, and bounced along to the third floor. Hyde unlocked the door and stood by to let the detectives go in. They poked behind and under the furniture, into the drawers and closets. They checked the kitchenette cabinets, refrigerator, even the wastebaskets and garbage pail. 
Hyde’s pulse speeded when Wisnewski fingered through the clothing in the bedroom closet. But he found nothing that interested him. He took a step back into the bedroom, then suddenly reached back to the torn shirt on a hanger. 
“How’d your shirt get ripped?”
It took him a beat before he thought up an answer, but the detective didn’t seem to notice. “Oh, I caught it on a nail. I’ve been meaning to sew it. Never got around to it.” Jesus. Don’t let him look at the size 14 label on the collar, or the 28 waist on the trousers he’d found himself wearing after each of the times he’d toked on that crazy weed. He’d never figured that out and didn’t want to have to fake some explanation.
Wisnewski nodded, closed the closet door. As the detectives left the apartment, Wisnewski turned to him. “You think you’ve conned us, don’t you? Well, let me tell you something: we’ll have your ass for this yet and don’t you forget it.”

 
TEN
Two days after the Cruz mugging, Hyde finally reached someone at Risuto’s number. A woman answered. When he asked for Vinnie, she said, “Who’s calling?”
“I’m a friend of Vinnie’s.”
“How well do you know him?”
“We were pretty close for a few years—in Mansfield.”
There was a pause. Then, “Yeah. Well, he may be back there again. He was arrested and he’s sitting in city jail. They have a preliminary hearing on him scheduled for Friday.”
“What’s he done?”
“Vinnie says he’s done nothing illegal, but the cops claim he’s counterfeited some kind of credit card.”
Hyde closed his eyes in silent thanks to whatever Supreme Being had made him resist the temptation to take Risuto up on his ATM scheme. “Tell Vinnie I’m sorry.”
The Ford in the hotel parking lot might be there until it rusted through. 

Carol was hanging up the phone when Hyde passed the cashier’s desk the next morning. She beckoned. “That was Mr. Lockwood. Gus is regaining consciousness. Isn’t that great?”
He faked an enthused, “Yeah.”
“They don’t know when he’ll come back to work, but it looks as though he’ll recover.”
He actually was relieved that Cruz would survive, but it would be okay with him if the sonofabitch never came back here to work. 
Sam DiLucia, the replacement manager, was sipping coffee at a table back near the kitchen when Hyde walked by with the BLT he’d fixed for his lunch. DiLucia called him over. “Have a seat, Eddie. You don’t have to eat standing up in the kitchen.”
Hyde placed his sandwich on the table and sat across from DiLucia. 
“Gus Cruz make you eat in the kitchen?”
Hyde nodded. DiLucia leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. “They give you a hard time downtown, the detectives?”
“Not really. Anybody with a rap sheet is meat. They’re just doing their job.”
DiLucia smiled, spreading his thin mustache “I hope you don’t mind if I get personal. What kind of trouble were you in?”
He was fairly sure DiLucia had seen his personnel record and knew the answer. “No, I don’t mind. I was a dumb kid, got in with some other dumb kids. We boosted a couple of cars and I got sent to reform school where I met some dumb older guys. They showed me how easy it was to pick locks. It didn’t take long to find out how easy it was to get caught at it. I learned my lesson. I’d starve to death before I got back into that scene again.”
DiLucia gazed at him over the rim of his coffee cup. “You’re not from around here, are you?”
“No. My family was in West Virginia. They’re all gone now. I lived in Detroit, Cincinnati, Dayton. After I got out of Mansfield, I decided to start fresh in a new place. That’s why I’m here.” He heard his voice trailing off. Suddenly the BLT tasted like soap in his mouth. He took a deep breath, hoping it would relieve the nausea he was experiencing. 
DiLucia raised his eyebrows. “Something wrong?”
“Yeah I feel—excuse me.” He got up and stumbled to the men’s room. Felt like someone was sitting on his chest. He dropped onto a commode in one of the booths, felt waves of nausea pass through him, felt sweat pouring down his chest from his armpits The booth spun, colored lights danced before his eyes, then darkness closed in.

Dr. Jake Kell gazed around, saw that he was enclosed by the walls of the commode booth. It took a moment before he remembered how he’d gotten there, recalled Hyde’s conversation with the new manager. He stood and his trousers dropped to the floor. He pulled them up and held them in place while he opened the door to the booth and gazed at his reflection in the mirror over the sinks in front of him. Yes, the face was that of Jake Kell. How could that be? He, or rather Hyde, hadn’t blown any of the weed. What had turned the switch this time? Something he’d eaten? 
He was still trying to figure it out, when the door to the men’s room squeaked open. He quickly closed the door of the booth. 
“Eddie?” DiLucia’s voice.
“Yeah.”
“You okay?”
“Yeah.”
“Your voice sounds funny.”
He coughed, cleared his throat. “No, I’m okay now.”
“I’ll send in one of the boys to help you.”
That’s all he needed. “No. Thanks. I’m fine. Really.”
He saw DiLucia’s shoes under the door. He was afraid the guy would look over the top. 
“Listen, you feel sick I’ll send somebody to take you home.”
He saw his chance. “I’ll stay here a few more minutes, then maybe I’d better go home.”
DiLucia said, “Yeah. Yell when you’re ready. I’ll have one of the kids drive you.”
“Thanks. But I’ll manage.”
He heard the door open and close. He pulled his belt as tight as it would go, tucked the end in, rolled his trouser legs up. The restrooms were at the back of the restaurant along with a door to the small dressing room where he had changed from street clothes to his busboy whites.
He opened the door a crack, saw that no one was in the narrow hallway outside the restroom and hurried into the dressing room, changed from the white uniform he was wearing to the jeans and shirt Hyde had placed on a hook. He turned up the trouser legs on the jeans so they wouldn’t drag and cinched his belt to keep the jeans from falling over his hips and rolled up his sleeves. He smiled thinking Hyde would have been scared shitless worrying someone would see him, his appearance changed. Kell?  He loved the idea. 
He grinned at his reflection in the dressing room mirror. His hair was longer than Hyde’s had been, lines about his eyes and mouth made him look older than Hyde. In the misfit clothes he looked like one of the homeless that came in to use the restroom, an old bum, the kind that Cruz would throw out. He wished Cruz were here now. He’d parade down through the aisles between tables, maybe pick a morsel of food off a customer’s plate as he passed. In fact, that’s just what he’d do.
The guy stopped chewing his hamburger and yelled, “Hey,” when Kell snatched a potato chip off his plate and calmly walked on munching the chip. Carol just shook her head, gave him that exasperated look as he passed her desk on his way out.
In the rear parking lot, he tried car doors until he found a Chevy that wasn’t locked. The keys weren’t in the ignition, but no problem. Three minutes later, he was tooling along on his way home.
He left the Chevy in a No Parking zone on a side street three blocks from the Excelsior. 

Dr. Jake Kell sat in the couch, staring at the pack of cigarettes he held. Yes, the three joints were in the pack. Until a few hours ago, he thought they had represented his pathway from Hyde to Kell, from Kell to Hyde. Now he wasn’t sure. Eddie Hyde had become Doc Jake Kell without the weed. Could Kell become Hyde again? Was he going to remain Kell forever?  What was so bad about that? He’d had a hell of a lot more fun as Kell. He heard a soft knock on the door. He sat quietly, not answering.
The knocking was louder. “Eddie? It’s Poole.” 
“Yeah, what is it?”
“Open the door, I want to tell you something.”
He wasn’t going to expose himself as Kell. He opened the door a crack but stood behind it where he couldn’t be seen. “I was taking a shower. I don’t have anything on. What do you want to tell me?”
“A couple of dicks were around this afternoon asking about you. They wanted to know if you had any friends, you know, visiting.”
Son of a bitch. Goddam law on his tail again. “What’d you tell them?”
“I told them you lived here alone. The only visitor you had was that little guy. You know, the one brought your clothes that time. They showed me some pictures, but he wasn’t one of them. Did I do wrong? I don’t want to get you in any trouble.”
Shit. “No, you didn’t do anything wrong. But, thanks for letting me know.”
“Hey, you ain’t in any trouble with the police, are you?”
“No. I did some time once. Anybody spits on the sidewalk, they come asking me whether I did it.”
“Yeah. I know how it is.” He hesitated and Kell wasn’t sure if he had left. As he was about to close the door, Poole said, “You got a cold or something?”
“No. Why?”
“Your voice sounds funny.”
“A little phlegm. Moisture in the bathroom.” He coughed for emphasis.
“Okay, Eddie. Take care.”
Kell locked the door, went to the window where he could see the street. Cars were parked on both sides of the curb along St. Clair. One of them could be an unmarked cop car. Bastards were on to something. Might be staking the place out.
The question of whether or not the grass would work, switch him back to Hyde, clawed at the back of his mind. The issue was important now. Before he received Poole’s message, he had felt secure as Kell. Now he wasn’t so sure. The detectives seemed to suspect that even if Hyde hadn’t mugged and robbed Cruz himself, he had fingered him to an accomplice.
Well, there was one way to find out if the weed still worked. He unfastened his trouser belt, unzipped the fly, unbuttoned the shirt, No use tearing up these clothes again. From the cigarette pack, he shook out one of his three remaining joints.

 
ELEVEN
Eddie Hyde picked himself up off the floor. His head felt as though someone had clobbered him with a hammer. He smelled something burning and retrieved a roach from the carpet where it was starting to burn a hole. 
He shook his head to clear out the buzz saw, tried to put together the pieces that were floating around in his brain. His body was squeezed back in those undersized clothes, although they were unbuttoned and this time didn’t rip. This was crazy. Maybe it was time to see a doctor. But what kind of doctor? How could explain what was wrong. I toke on some grass and find myself in some shrunken clothing I don’t even own.
Tell that to any doctor and he’d find himself in a rubber room clawing at the padded walls.
He looked inside the cigarette pack. Only two joints remained. He was almost certain there were three last time he’d looked, but he could be mistaken. He was almost tempted to flush these down the toilet but decided they weren’t taking up any space, and maybe some day he’d need a little relaxation.
He changed into his regular clothes and inspected the label of those he’d just removed. Rudolph’s Men’s Shop. He’d never bought anything there. Maybe tomorrow he’d run over, see what information he could get about who bought them and when.
 
Sam DiLucia, nursing a cup of coffee, waved Hyde over to the table where was seated and asked if he was feeling better. “Yesterday you looked like you were passing out.”
“I feel fine. Really. I’m sure it was a piece of fish I’d kept in my refrigerator too long.”
DiLucia said he was glad it wasn’t anything he’d eaten here in the restaurant. Told him he’d better see a doctor anyway. “I want to make sure you don’t have hepatitis. That’s all we need, they’d close us down.”  He asked Hyde to bend and examined his eyes. “Well, you’re not jaundiced, but I want you to run down to the industrial clinic and let them take the blood test for hepatitis before you come back to work.” He wrote out the address and handed it to him. “It’s just down the street.”
The doctor who drew his blood at the clinic was dark-complexioned, had a curly black beard, fierce-looking black eyes and wore a white turban. The plastic tag pinned on his white coat read Dr. Ramjatsingh.When Hyde had trouble trying to pronounce it, he said, “Dr. Ram will do.” In his clipped speech he asked what symptoms he’d had, and Hyde gave him the same story he’d given DiLucia.
“Ah, yes. Fish gone bad. It will give you gastroenteritis. We’ll run an emergency test for hepatitis anyway, and just to be on the safe side, I’m going to give you an injection of gamma globulin as immunization.”
Hyde pulled up his jeans after the shot. Maybe this raghead could help with the grass. “Doctor, do you know anything about plants?”
Dr. Ram smiled, showing white teeth framed by his beard. “I have a rose garden I’m quite proud of. But I venture a guess that your interest is not in my flower garden.”
“A friend of mine has a plant he called something like ‘cannibals.’ That name mean anything to you?”
Ram’s turban rose an inch on his forehead. “Could you be referring to Cannabis?”
“That’s the word.” He racked his memory trying to picture the writing on the package of grass. “Cannabis stevensoni. And it had three Xs after it.”
“Cannabis is the family to which the marijuana plant belongs. I’m not familiar with the stevensoni sub-classification, but it probably designates the person who discovered that particular specie. I don’t know what the Xs mean, unless it is a code used by the individual who raised the plant. Is your friend raising marijuana? That’s illegal you know.” He winked. and smiled.
“No, no. He was given some of the leaves, and was told it was—uh, valuable. I thought you being a doctor, might know something about how it acts.”
Ram nodded. “Yes, I’m quite familiar with the physiological response to marijuana. Actually, botany is a hobby of mine. I’ll see what I can learn about the stevensoni variety.” He made a notation in a chart he held. “I want you back tomorrow for a checkup to be sure you have no reaction to the gamma globulin.”

The receptionist ushered Hyde into Dr. Ram’s private office when he returned the following day. He sat gazing at the shelves of books while he waited. Ten minutes later, Ram strode in carrying a clipboard. “Ah yes, our young restaurateur.”
Is that what they called busboys in India?
“Well, I have good news. You don’t have hepatitis. Any rash or itching from the injection?”
“No.”
“Good, good.” Ram leaned back, draped an arm over the back of his chair, stroked his beard. “I’ve done some investigating about the question you posed to me.”
Hyde nodded, waiting.
“Cannabis stevensoni.”
With the Xs after it.
“Named for Robert Louis Stevenson. You’ve read him, I’m sure.”
“Wasn’t he the guy wrote ‘Treasure Island?’ I read it when I was a kid.”
“Also ‘Kidnapped’ and ‘Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde’ and...”
Who was in that movie, wasn’t it Spencer Tracy? He was only a kid but remembered watching scared out of his skin when Dr. Jekyll changed into something that resembled a werewolf 
“...Rather interesting coincidence, don’t you think?” Ram was waiting for an answer.
“I’m sorry, you were saying something?”
“I was remarking on the coincidence of names. Yours is Hyde, isn’t it? Your friend’s name isn’t Jekyll by chance, is it?” He threw his head back and laughed then stopped suddenly. “Sorry. Bad joke.” He cleared his throat as though to shift gears, serious once again. He drew from the pocket of his white coat a sheet of paper he unfolded. After reading it in silence for a moment, he said, “Your friend seems to have come into possession of a rare mutant with some unusually potent and unpredictable effects.”
He didn’t know what a mutant was but he had to agree that the weed was potent and unpredictable “What effects?”
“The reports mention such things as decompartmentalization of the psyche. Release from inhibitions. There have even been reports of physical transformation although many feel that it’s all rubbish because they can’t explain how such a thing could occur. But in my native country, I’ve seen fakirs perform acts that stretch beyond the realm of imagination, such as walk over a bed of hot coals without burning, or climb an untethered rope, so I’m not ready to dismiss the claims. On the other hand, I would not class myself as a believer.”
Ram folded the paper and stuffed it into his pocket. “Mutants often will not reproduce, so it is likely there is none left once the current crop is used up. Unless, of course it should fortuitously appear again somewhere.”
Hyde thanked him for the information. The guy could have been talking Romanian for all the sense it made. All he could understand from the gibberish was: There were only two remaining joints. When they were gone there would be no more which was okay with him since he wasn’t going to toke with that stuff any more. 
Hyde returned to his apartment after work, dead tired. He went into the bedroom, lay down, picked up a Captain Marvel comic book and in a few moments felt himself drift off.

He awoke with a start, glanced at the bedside clock. Eleven. For a moment he couldn’t remember where he was. He reached for the lamp switch. The fingers of his hand were the thin fingers of Jake Kell. His clothes were too loose.
Kell laced his fingers behind his neck and gazed up at the ceiling that looked like a road map. A stained road map. He had to think this out. Hyde had gone to sleep and woke up as Kell. No reefer this time. None the last, either. Hey, maybe he was permanently locked into Kell.  What the hell did he need Hyde for anyway? Hyde was a stupid, weak asshole who took all kinds of shit without fighting back. Not Kell. He was nobody’s doormat. In the trunk of the Ford sitting in the parking lot downstairs was a load of cash in the canvas bag he’d taken from that prick Cruz. What was he doing in this fleabag when he could check into some fancy hotel, have them send up a chick, maybe a couple of chicks?
He jumped out of bed, stripped off the oversized jeans and shirt, took the smaller slacks and torn shirt from the hanger in the closet. No place decent he could go in these things. With the dough he had he could get himself some suitable threads. Eleven o’clock in the evening. Stores were closed. Oh well, that didn’t bother him last time. This time, he’d be more selective.

Kell drove slowly by Carriage Mall out in the suburbs. It looked to be one of those upscale indoor shopping centers, fancy stores under one roof, all their entrances facing the main mall corridor. The shops in these places, he knew, would be gated closed at eleven pm. Except this one had a restaurant, “Guilliam’s Bistro—Continental Cuisine,” where the dinner hour was probably in full swing. 
He drove into the parking lot and left the car close to a driveway that led to the street. He might have to get out of there in a hurry. A middle-aged couple stood at the curb in front of the only mall entrance still open, alongside a sign on a low pedestal that read “Valet Parking.”  The man stood with his legs apart, swaying, and he heard the woman say, “Don’t you even think about driving when he brings the car.” They took no notice of Kell as he strode into the mall. 
Although the shop windows were dark, the overhead lights in the high-ceilinged main mall corridor were lit and were reflected on the tile floor. Except for the faint strains of music that came from the restaurant, the mall was quiet. He by-passed the restaurant entrance, and after a little window-shopping, chose Gentlemen Prefer Blends. He shook his head. How cute can these idiots get? 
A Glen plaid sports jacket with gray slacks hung on a mannequin in the showcase and looked to be his size. On the showcase floor sat a pair of alligator shoes. He thought he could get into these, or if not, he could select a pair to fit. 
Kell was still gazing in the window when he heard echoing footsteps in the empty mall. He ducked into an alcove that led to the restrooms waiting in shadows against the wall until a watchman in the gray uniform of a security company appeared. The guy appeared to be about sixty, a walkie-talkie hanging from his belt. No gun holster.  Perfect. The guard strolled into the darkly lit alcove heading for the Men’s Room, unzipping his fly as he walked, not even glancing at the shadows where Kell stood quietly. The guard held the Men’s Room door open until he flipped on a switch just inside the door, flooding the room with light. He shambled in and the door hissed closed behind him. This was made to order, he couldn’t have planned it better. A fire extinguisher, fastened to the wall by a clip, was in easy reach. Kell took it down and stood alongside the door holding the extinguisher over his head. Waiting. Waiting. C’mon, goddam thing felt like it weighed a ton. The old fart should see someone about his prostate. Kell let him step just outside the door before he blindsided him, crashing the extinguisher on the watchman’s skull. God, that felt good, that orgasmic feeling deep in his groin. The same erotic rush he’d had when he’d cracked Cruz. A sensation so exquisite it would have scared the shit out of Hyde.  The old guy fell without a sound.  Kell watched for a moment, seeing the guard’s legs and arms twitch, the blood start seeping out of his exposed ear. For good measure, he dropped the heavy extinguisher on the guy’s head, then dragged him by his feet into the men’s room, placing him on the floor of one of the booths. His trouser pockets held a money clip with a few lousy bucks, a wallet, a ring of keys and a pocketknife. Shopping time.
Getting past the locked gate guarding the entrance to the men’s clothing store was a breeze using the watchman’s master key. Carriage Mall spent big bucks for these Rent-A-Cops, so the shops didn’t need individual alarms. Ha ha.
Fifteen minutes later, he strolled out of the mall in a well-fitting Glen plaid sports jacket, gray slacks, striped shirt, and silk foulard tie, his feet clad in alligator shoes. The attaché case he carried might have contained important documents, but in fact held the clothing he’d come in with: a pair of cheap slacks, a torn shirt and a pair of Reebok knock-offs. 
A young guy wearing black shorts, a formal vest, wing-tip collar and black bow tie ran up to him as he started toward the parking lot. Kell braced himself and cocked the attaché case at his side, ready to use it like a bat.
“Did our valet service park your car, sir,” the kid said.
Kell let out a deep breath. “No. I parked myself.”
“Goodnight, sir.” The kid saluted and jogged off 
He had just made the turn out of the mall parking lot when two police cars, gumdrops flashing, pulled in. He was impressed. Hadn’t taken very long for someone to find the guard he’d whacked and call in the squeal.

Kell flopped fully clothed on the bed in the Sheraton right after the bellhop closed the door behind him. He reached for the phone and dialed room service. This was living.  Twenty minutes later, his Black Label, double with water on the side; tenderloin steak, rare with the trimmings, were spread out on the table in front of him. He flicked on the TV remote to watch a juicy movie while he ate. The tail end of a one late news program filled the screen. A blown-dry blond guy was saying, “This just in. A sixty-three-year-old private security guard at Carriage Mall was found bludgeoned to death, and one of the men’s apparel stores was broken into earlier this evening. The identity of the victim is being withheld until next of kin can be notified. A witness has given police a description of a man seen leaving the mall carrying a small suitcase about the time of the murder and robbery…”
Kell felt a tingle in his gut. Shit. The goddam valet parking kid. By tomorrow the papers probably would have a composite sketch. Except the sketch would show someone who, in a few hours, didn’t exist.

 
TWELVE
Dr. Jake Kell sat on the sagging couch. He hadn’t gotten more than a few hours sleep in his room at the Sheraton Hotel, before checking out at eight the next morning and hurrying back to the Excelsior. He’d be nuts to be out walking around downtown Cleveland where someone might recognize him from the description and composite sketch on the front page of the Plain Dealer. 
From the pack of Camels, he shook out one of the remaining two joints. Much as he hated to leave the fun he was having as Kell, he knew he’d be safer getting back into Hyde’s hide. He chuckled over that one. Living high was the only way to go. Well, after the heat was off, he’d be back. You could bet on it.  He stripped naked, no sense having these nice new threads rip when his body filled up into Hyde’s physique. After hanging the clothes in the closet, he sank into the couch, lit the reefer, took a drag and pulled it deep into his lungs. Twenty seconds later, he expelled smoke. Checked his hands: slender fingers. Felt his neck: slender neck. Pushed himself off the couch and gazed in the bathroom mirror: Kell’s face. Come on, Hyde. Get the fuck out here.
Standing before the mirror, he took another drag. This time he held it in until he was about to bust. For an instant, his neck thickened, his long hair shortened, his thin nose started sprawling out on his face, but while he watched, all the Kell features returned. He stared at the smoking reefer between his fingers. What the hell was going on? Did he take a regular cigarette by mistake? He hurried back to the living room and dumped all the cigarettes out of the pack. No, there was just the one joint left, as it should be. He knew he had to be smoking weed, didn’t he just now have a glimpse of Hyde? And there was no mistaking the smell. Pot. He took another long drag held it, as long as he could before it exploded out of his mouth. He sucked in another lungful. Suddenly, he felt as though his body was a balloon being blown up, his head pounded, a scorching, searing pain shot through his arms and legs, his belly knotted and darkness closed in.

Eddie Hyde sniffed, his nose buried in the ratty carpet. Smoke? He opened his eyes, saw a plume curling up from a cigarette butt that lay next to his face. No, not a cigarette butt, a smoking roach. When did he smoke a joint? There was barely enough left to grasp, but with the tips of his fingers he managed to pick up the smoldering stub and toss it into the ashtray on the table.
He stood and the room swayed, he held the arm of the couch to keep his balance. He gazed down at his bare feet and realized he was naked. Naked? What happened to his clothes?
Heart pounding, he stumbled into the bedroom, threw open the closet. His jeans, both pair, were hanging there next to a sports jacket, slacks and striped shirt he didn’t own. There was even a tie on a hook. A tie? He hadn’t owned a tie since his high school graduation. On the floor was a pair of alligator shoes, but where were his Reeboks, well, Reebok knock-offs. He scanned the room, the bed, even looked under the bed, ran to the bathroom, threw back the shower curtain. The place was so small, there was nowhere for anyone to hide. Yet someone else had been in this apartment. 
He raced back to the bedroom and almost tripped over a leather attaché case on the floor next to the bed. When he snapped up the clasps and opened the case, there sat not only his old Reeboks, but someone’s trousers and that torn shirt he’d seen in his closet the other day, or was it last week. He’d lost track of time.
Hyde sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his forehead. This is how people went nuts. Eddie Hyde was losing it. He put his face in his hands and wept. 

Later that morning in Granny’s, Hyde stared at spots of gravy on the plate he had just set on one of the restaurant tables. He picked the plate up and examined it. Christ, he was setting up a table with dirty dishes, dishes he had just piled up on a tray to take into the kitchen to be washed. What the hell was wrong with him? He felt like a robot, couldn’t remember what he had done five minutes ago. Even Sam DiLucia who had always treated him almost as an equal rather than as a grunt who bussed tables, gave him an eyebrow-raising look when Hyde had walked back into the dining area from the kitchen with the trayful of dirty dishes, the same ones he had just carried into the kitchen to be washed. Hyde couldn’t keep his mind on his work, couldn’t get it out of his mind that someone was sharing his apartment with him when he wasn’t there. 
At his lunch break, he told DiLucia he had to attend to some personal business, and asked if it was all right if he took a few extra minutes. 
DiLucia patted his shoulder. “Sure, Eddie. Listen, is there something I can do to help?”
“Thanks, no. “
He quickly changed clothes and hopped a bus. If someone was using his apartment when he was at work, he’d surprise them. He dashed into the Excelsior lobby, and rather than wait for the rickety, crawling elevator, took the stairs two at a time. He slowly turned the dead bolt in his apartment door and the instant it snicked, threw open the door. Fists knotted, he charged inside. He rushed through from living room to bedroom to bathroom. Throwing open the closet, he swept his arms through the hanging clothing. He peered under the bed. Nothing. Nobody. He was really going nuts. But wait. The fancy clothes, the alligator shoes, the attaché case, were all still there. He went to the closet and touched each of the pieces of clothing. He wasn’t imagining all of this. 
He dropped into the easy chair and closed his eyes. Okay, Eddie, calm down. Let’s go through this again. Could this spacey feeling have something to do with the weed that big red-bearded bastard had given him. Glancing at the table alongside, he saw that the cigarettes had all been dumped out of the pack. He hadn’t done it, who the hell had? Another thing: he had only smoked one of the three joints he had rolled before flushing the bulk of the weed down the toilet. There should be two remaining, right? He sifted through the cigarettes. There was only one joint left. Where was the other one? He realized he’d used up his lunch break, he’d have to wait to figure out what was going on.
On the way out, he spotted Poole in the lobby. “Hey, Poole, did you let anybody into my place?”
Poole shook his head. “Jeezus, Eddie. I wouldn’t let nobody in without your permission. Something missing?”
“Nah. I was just wondering.” Missing? Hell no. Stuff was there that he hadn’t brought in. But he wasn’t going to tell that to Poole or anybody else. They’d label him a looney. “Thanks anyway.” He left Poole standing with his brows creased, scratching his head. 
Seated on the bus on his way back to the restaurant he decided maybe it was time to have a talk with someone who knew more about what goes on inside the head than he did.

“This friend of yours wouldn’t, by some chance, be you, would it?” Dr. Ram’s black eyes twinkled.
Hyde, seated next to Ram’s desk, grinned, nodded. “I won’t try to bullshit you, Doc. But I’m worried.”
“Yes, I can see that. And, I might add, with good cause given the story you’ve just related.” He sat twirling the curls on the sideburns of his black beard, staring at Hyde. “Let me see if I understand. You find yourself on the floor dressed in some strange clothing and have no idea how you got there?”
“Except that one time when I didn’t have any clothes on.”
“And in your closet you found someone else’s clothes?”
“Right.”
“And, of course, you’re not sharing your place with anyone else, are you?”
“If I am, they’re not sharing the rent.”
“Then the answer is no, you’re not sharing?”
Hyde wondered if maybe it was a mistake trying to get answers from this guy. “What about the weed? The grass? I told you, I find these roaches, these butts, on the floor when this happens. I know I’m not smoking them. I know someone is because I started with three, now there’s only one. That’s got to have something to do with it, right?”
Ram said, “Yes, I was coming to that.” He puffed out his cheeks and blew out a breath. “As I told you, I have an interest in botany, and a friend, a fellow countryman I’ve known since boyhood, is at present doing his doctorate in plant physiology here in Cleveland at Case Western Reserve University. Let me give him a call.” He stood and extended his hand. “I’ll get back to you.”
“Please hurry, Doc.”

Sam DiLucia beckoned Hyde over to the table in the back of the restaurant where he sat with some papers spread out on the table. “Have a seat, Eddie.”
Uh-oh. Trouble?
DiLucia held up a letter. “The company is asking the managers to recommend candidates to their managerial school. All of us who are managers have taken the course. It lasts six weeks, and those that pass, get manager jobs at one of the restaurants when new positions open up. Would you be interested?”
Hyde felt his jaw drop. Interested? He’d steal for—drop that thought. “Do I have a chance? You know, with my past record.”
“Your record here is excellent.” He smiled. “Even Gus Cruz, tough as he is, has written good progress reports for your record.”
Now Hyde was sorry he hadn’t been sympathetic about Cruz’s mugging. “I’d sure appreciate the chance.”
“I’ll recommend you. I’m not promising you’ll be selected but...”
DiLucia’s voice seemed to trail off, his face fading out of Hyde’s view. He felt himself withering. A sensation from somewhere else in time. Panic grabbed him by the throat. Was he getting sick again? Oh, no, no. He stood, made himself speak. Heard his voice mumble, “Thanks...got to get back...work...” He was falling into a deep, deep pit, its walls spinning around him. No, it was he that was spinning.
“...let you know what happens.” DiLucia’s voice came back into his consciousness. His face appeared again, smiling. “Keep up the good work, Eddie.”
Hyde stumbled into the kitchen and stood alongside the sink, trembling, sweating. Jesus, what was happening to him? Please, please. Don’t blow it now. He stared at his face reflected in the polished stainless steel coffee tank. Was that really him? Maybe it was only distorted by the curves in the metal. He dashed into the dressing room where there was a mirror, and was relieved to see that except for the fright that widened his eyes, it was himself, Eddie Hyde. 

Carol held the phone out to him. “Some doctor wants to talk to you.”
Hyde’s hands were still shaking as he pressed the receiver to his ear. Since the conversation with DiLucia earlier that day, he’d experienced two more attacks. Panic attacks, he called them. Both times he felt himself shrinking into his clothing like a turtle into its shell, dwindling, shriveling. Then spinning. Each time they had quickly subsided. One time he had been carrying a tray of dishes, felt it start to topple. He barely had time to put the tray down on a table. Scared the shit out of him. Now, he listened to the voice on the phone.
“Ram here. I spoke to my friend, the botanist. He’s quite interested in your story. Would like you to give him some of that material for analysis.”
“Material?”
“The plant, or weed as you call it.”
“Oh, sure. There isn’t much left. How much does he need?”
“Whatever you’ve got. He needs at least ten grams—about a handful. More’s the better.”

 
THIRTEEN
If this were Dayton or Cincinnati, Hyde would have no trouble reaching a dealer and getting to the big guy with the beard who’d given him the weed. But here, in Cleveland, he was new on the block. Ram’s friend would need about a handful of the pot, and all Hyde had was what was in the one joint left in the Camel pack.
The only people he knew who could give him a lead to a dealer, were the waitresses here in the restaurant. He went up to Lana while she was waiting for an order to take to a table, and asked if she knew where he could score some grass.
“Sure,” she said. “Just hang around Baldwin High.”
He said he didn’t think a thirty-two-year-old like himself could pass for a high school kid. All he needed now was to be picked up as a child molester.
“Then ask Charlotte. She’s stoned half the time.”
Charlotte said “You?” and smiled as she nudged him in the ribs. “I thought you was straight arrow.”
He gave her a sheepish John Travolta grin. “After a hard day on the job I like a toke.”
“My boy friend gets it. I’ll ask him.”
Mid-afternoon, Charlotte tapped him on the shoulder while he was wiping off a table. She glanced over her shoulder, spoke quietly. “I talked to my boy friend at my lunch break. I wrote down when and where you can meet his dealer.” She pressed a folded piece of paper into is hand. 
He went into the dressing room and read what she had written:
“Corner of 58th and Davis. 9 to 9:30 PM. Wears a Hawaiian flowered shirt. Tell him Norman sent you.”

At nine-fifteen that evening, he took the bus to Davis Avenue, and turning to watch his back every few steps, walked three blocks in a neighborhood of mostly vacant stores. The only cars in sight were rusted hulks parked at the curb, most resting on the bare rims of their wheels. The street lights were out, probably the targets of stones or bullets. The one at the corner of 58th street shone bright, and in its light he saw six young guys, probably high school kids, seated on the curb or lounging at the foot of the lamppost. They were dressed in the uniform of the day: T-shirts and floppy shorts that came to the knees and seemed to be held up only by the kids’ hipbones. One by one they strolled over to the lean black guy in a loose-fitting Hawaiian shirt who stood in his “office,” the doorway of a vacant store. He exchanged his merchandise for the bills they held out. Just before it was Hyde’s turn, a boy, couldn’t have been more than eleven, ran up and yelled, “Po-lice!” He followed the dealer and three others that had come up after him, scurrying down an alley. Like the others, Hyde pressed himself against the wall of a building, deep in the shadows while a black and white slowly cruised by down the street. Hyde asked the husky teen aged white kid standing next to him why they didn’t just do business in the alley. 
“The light, man. Guy needs to see the color of your, y’know, money.”
After the lookout whistled an all-clear signal, they straggled out of the alley, back to the corner. As Hyde approached, the dealer raised his chin. “Who’re you, man? I don’t believe we met.”
“Friend of Norman.”
Broad grin. “Norman. Yeah. What can I do you for?” 
“Grass.”
He nodded. “Nickel or dime?”
Hyde hesitated wondering if he wanted to spend ten bucks, knowing this dude’s product wasn’t what he wanted. What he really wanted was a lead to the man’s supplier, the guy with the red beard. Maybe the ten would buy him the information.
“Okay, dime.” He reached into his trouser pocket, took out a ten-dollar bill and held it out.
The dealer snatched the ten, reached under the front of his shirt and brought out a small plastic sandwich bag half filled with dried leaf fragments he handed to Hyde. Could have been loose tea, and when Hyde raised it to his nose and sniffed, the dealer said, “Hey, man, this high grade shit.” Gave Hyde a look like he was insulted.
Hyde stuffed the bag into his trouser pocket. “You know a big white guy, pony tail, red beard?”
The dealer said, “Man, I know lotsa guys like that. What you wanna know for?” 
“He sold me some real powerful shit. I’ve been trying to find him. See if he’s got more.”
The dealer gazed over Hyde’s shoulder, looking toward his next customer. “Buddy, you wasting my time.”
Hyde took another ten-dollar bill out, held it up, folded between his fingers.
The dealer hesitated a moment, then plucked it out of his hand. “What you really want?”
“A name.”
The dealer quickly glanced from one side to the other. “Hey, man. This a bust?”
Hyde laughed. “Do I look like a cop?”
“I don’t know...” His voice trailed off. “Maybe the guy you want named Victor.”
“Victor what.”
He shrugged. “Only name I know.”
“Where do I find him?”
“Cost you.”
Hyde figured the information he’d gotten already cost him twenty bucks. He dug down came up with a five-dollar bill.
The dealer shook his head. 
Hyde turned his pocket out. “That’s all I got.” He wasn’t about to part with the five bucks he’d stuffed in the top of his sock. His bus fare home.
The dealer gazed at his shoes, seemed to be deciding whether to take what he could get, then grabbed the five. “Dan’s Topless.”
“Where’s that?”
The dealer, waved to somebody behind Hyde, beckoning him. “That’s all you get. Move it.” 

By the fifth drag, Eddie Hyde knew what he’d already guessed: the grass wasn’t worth half a buck let alone the ten it had cost him. It could have been dead tree leaves he puffed on. Nothing. Nada. Not even a headache. 
Eleven o’clock. He stuffed a couple of twenties in his pocket, money he kept in his dresser drawer for emergencies, and looked up Dan’s Topless in the phonebook. He’d never heard of Industrial Avenue so he went downstairs and asked Poole.
“Down in the flats,” Poole said. “Used to be all steel mills. Now they’re fancy malls, some restaurants and a few nightclubs.”
“What bus do I take?”
Poole glanced at his watch. “After eleven. You’ll wait maybe an hour. You’ll have to take a cab. It ain’t that far, but it’ll run you about seven dollars this time of night.”
Hyde thought of the Ford sitting out back in the lot, but quickly decided he wasn’t going to take a chance driving Risuto’s hot car. He’d already sprung for twenty-five bucks. Almost as much as he sweated for a day, but he’d take the chance he could get what he needed.
The cab driver kept up a steady chatter as he drove down St. Clair. “Used to be all steel mills down where you’re goin’ in the flats, right. Know why they left?”
Hyde said no.
“You ain’t from around here, right?”
Hyde said yeah.
“Labor. Goddam unions priced themselves out of business. Who’s gonna pay them prices for steel when they can get it from Czechoslovakia or Japan, right?” 
Hyde said yeah, he guessed so, debated telling the ding-a-ling to stop yakking. He gazed around as the cab passed huge dirty red brick buildings, probably the old steel mills. Over the entrances were signs that read “King’s Mall and Warehouse.” 
The driver said, “Look like crap from the outside but you should see what they done with the insides. Tore out all the machinery, put in fancy shops that sell candles and sweet-smellin’ soap.” He pointed to a sign. “They got a store in there sells sneakers, know what they call it? Foot Loose. Shit. Foot Loose. Hey, you like good Chink or Viet or Dago? All them restaurants right in that mall.”
Dan’s occupied a separate low building. The cab stopped under the awning canopy, and after Hyde had paid the driver and stepped out, the doorman tapped him on the shoulder. “We got a dress code here, buddy. You need a jacket.”
Hyde, who was dressed in his old jeans and a T-shirt, fingered a brass button on the doorman’s coat, stuck his face two inches from his nose and said, “You want to tell Victor I’m here without a coat or you want me to tell him to fire your ass out of here?”
The doorman took a step backward before opening the door. “Sorry about that, sir. I’m just following orders.” 
“Sure you are. At ease.” So far, his hunch had been on the mark: Victor ran this joint. 
The place was a barroom filled with tables, smoke and the sound of a three-piece combo with their amps turned on max. The long bar doubled as a stage on which two teen-aged girls, one white the other black, squirmed and bumped in sequined g-strings and high heeled shoes but nothing else. Waitresses in white shorts, their bare hooters jiggling, carried trays of drinks around the large room. He had the fleeting thought that some plastic surgeon had the corner on the boob gel market. The other thought he had was that he must have a lot on his mind if he wasn’t aroused by all that bare flesh. Or could it be Lucy Gates’s small voice back of his brain saying Tsk, tsk, Eddie?   
Hyde wandered around the room squinting through the haze trying to find Victor. Finally, he stood near the service end of the bar waiting until the bartender came over. He ordered a draft and placed a five-dollar bill on the bar. The bartender put the glass in front of him, took the five and slapped a dollar bill down. Hyde waved away the buck and the bartender snatched it without even saying thanks. 
Hyde said, “Where’s Victor.”
The bartender stared at him for a few seconds. “I’ll see if I can find out.” He walked to the other end of the bar and spoke to a flat-nosed bouncer-type in a dark suit seated on a stool holding a beer glass. The bouncer got up, carried his glass over to where Hyde stood. 
“You got business with Victor?”
He nodded.
“He know you?”
“We met.”
“Uh-huh. Lemme see if he’s around.”
The way he said it, Hyde knew Victor was not going to be found. With the dough he’d already laid out to the dealer and the cab, he wasn’t giving up so easily. The bouncer had gone toward the front door and the bartender was busy at the far end of the bar. 
Ten minutes later, the bouncer nowhere in sight, Hyde knew if he was going to find Victor, he’d have to do it on his own. The bartender had returned to where Hyde sat nursing his beer. He pointed to the half-filled glass. “Another?”
A real hustler. Hyde shook his head, asked where the restroom was. The barman jerked his head to a corridor behind Hyde’s stool. Leaving his glass on the bar, Hyde pushed his way through the crowd that stood gaping at the bump-and-grind girls, and casually strolled to the darkened corridor. Beyond the Men’s Room was a door marked “Private.” He turned the knob. Locked. He knocked and waited about ten seconds until he heard the bolt being turned. He shoved against whoever it was behind the door and stepped into an office. Seated at a desk was red-bearded, pony-tailed, Lincoln/Nixon, AKA Victor. Hyde quickly turned around, but not fast enough to block the black object that came at his head. Before he went down he caught a glimpse of a glistening gold ear stud.
 
 
FOURTEEN
A muffled voice from above said, “I think he’s coming to.”
When Hyde’s eyes could focus, a pockmarked face with a flattened nose was looking down at him. He was aware of stabbing pain in the back of his head, and when he put his hand to the place, felt something sticky. He looked at his hand, saw blood and heard someone say, “Jesus, man, that rug cost me three large and you’re bleeding on it. Sit him in that chair.”
He felt someone grab him by the shoulders. His brain had cleared by the time he’d struggled to his feet and was pushed into a chair. On one side of him was the bouncer, on the other, the slender black man who had been seated in the restaurant with Victor and had driven his car. LeRoy, yeah that’s what Victor called him. Victor sat hunched at the desk peering at him. He pointed a pencil at Hyde. “Hey. Do I know you?”
When he nodded, it felt as though a knife was trying to push its way from the back of his head to the front. “Yeah. Eddie Hyde—your billfold.”
“My what? Oh, the busboy.” He smiled at the recognition. “What were you trying to boost this time?”
Hyde shook his head. “Look, I’m just trying to make a buy. I need more of the weed you gave me.”
Victor threw the pencil down on the desk. “You want to make a buy you go out on the street. You don’t come barging in here. Shit, man. I’m no two-bit dealer.”
“Maybe I didn’t make myself clear. I can’t go on the street for the quality you gave me.”
Victor drew his eyebrows together, glanced at LeRoy. “What’d we give him?”
LeRoy snickered. “You gave him that Xed-out shit. The stuff Sims turned back.”
Victor grinned. “You want to buy that crap? Christ man, we couldn’t give it away. What did we do with the rest of that lot?”
LeRoy said. “Burned it.”
Hyde felt as though someone had squeezed the air from his lungs. “All of it?”
LeRoy shrugged. “Maybe some scraps left, but it won’t do you no good. It ain’t for smokin’. What do you want to do, man, mainline it?” He laughed.
Hyde said, ”Look, I’ll take whatever you’ve got. I’ll pay for it, of course.”
Victor said, “LeRoy’ll see if there’s any left. Come back tomorrow—and you shove that door open again, you’ll get a nine-millimeter slug up your ass, hear?” He turned to the bouncer. “Okay, Truck. Get him the hell out of here. And buy him a beer on me, show him how nice we treat our customers.” 
Out in the bar room, Hyde shook off Truck’s hold on his elbow as he steered him toward the bar.
The bouncer took a few steps, pointed at Hyde’s chest. “Don’t I know you from somewheres?”
“Mansfield?”
Truck smiled. “Sure. Wasn’t you thick with that little kiter? What was his name, Mancuso?”
“Risuto.”
“Yeah. Risuto. Funny, I looked at you, I’m thinkin’ you look familiar. Maybe a cop.” He laughed. “Well, I was close. huh?” He stuck out his hand. “Mack Perry. They call me Truck.”
Hyde vaguely recalled having seen him in a brawl in the yard. A real brain. IQ probably the same as his waist size. He took his hand. “Sure, Mack the Truck.”
Perry gestured with his head toward the bar. “What’ll be?”
They stood at the bar with their beers until Hyde said he had to get home, tomorrow was a workday. Perry slapped him on the back. “So long, Pal. Sorry you got rough-housed. Won’t happen no more.”
Maybe Hyde’s Mansfield stretch was going to do him some good. At least, now that he and Perry were ex-con buddies, he’d have access to Victor when he returned tomorrow.

Twice during his shift next day, Hyde felt a wave of nausea, and that weird shrinking feeling. Each time he rushed to the men’s room and locked himself into a booth. The queasiness passed after a few moments. He threw cold water on his face and returned to work. 
He dashed from the restaurant when his shift ended at eight, and grabbed a bus heading for Victor’s nightclub, not even bothering to stop off at his apartment. When he saw that there was no doorman in front of Dan’s, he figured it was too early. Action at nightclubs doesn’t start until eleven. The only activity inside was the bartender hauling a case of liquor to the bar and three waitresses setting up tables. The waitresses even wore T-shirts.
He went up to the bartender who was placing bottles on the shelf behind the bar and asked for Victor. 
“He ain’t in yet.”
“What time does he get in?”
The bartender shrugged. “Eleven, twelve—when he comes in. He ain’t here every night.”
Hyde sat at a table to think about it. It was almost nine. He’d have at least two hours.
The bartender glanced over. “You planning to sit there until he comes in? You might be there a couple a days.”
“He told me to meet him here tonight.”
The bartender nodded slowly. “Yeah, I remember you from last night. But don’t hold your breath what he told you. Victor’ll say anything just to get you off his case.”
Might have figured. Hyde got up. “I’ll try later.”

He paced his apartment, watching the clock hands creep. He fingered the Camel pack, tossed it back on the table. He went into the bedroom, laid down and picked up the Captain Marvel comic book he’d started and in a few moments felt himself drift off.

He awoke, glanced at the bedside clock. Eleven. For a moment he couldn’t remember what it was he was supposed to do. He reached for the lamp switch. The fingers of his hand were the thin fingers of Jake Kell. 
 Kell sat up in bed, then leaped out and checked his reflection in the mirror. First thing he had to do, get out of these loose duds and into the fancy ones in the closet. He thought about the pot that Hyde was supposed to get from that big red-haired prick. Victor. The swami doc wanted to give it to his friend. Said he was going to run some tests on it. Tests my ass. The two of them probably looking to get stoned on some high-octane shit. Wouldn’t hurt to get more but he’d keep it for himself, screw the doc and his friend. He remembered the bulging billfold that Victor carried. Would be nice to have a couple of dozen Ben Franklin pictures. Even nicer if he could figure a way to get both the weed and a few of the C-notes. Wait a minute. Guy like Victor didn’t operate without a pay-off. Yeah. Images formed in his head. He saw himself walking into Victor’s place, a little flimflam and he’d stroll out with all that scratch. Why not give it a shot. 
He stripped the foil from the pack of Camels. A bit of hand sculpture and he laid it in the fold of his wallet, tucking it in so it wouldn’t fall out when he opened it. At a quick glance in the dim light of the barroom it would pass for a shield. Close enough.
He bounced down the stairs, through the empty lobby and out the door. The Ford sat in the parking lot where he’d left it. When was that? He’d lost track of time. At Dan’s Topless he parked in the self-parking lot rather than give it to the valet who might remember later. He watched from the shadows alongside the building until the doorman went inside, probably to take a leak, then sidled through the front door.
He ordered a beer at the bar then looked around. Truck Perry was at his usual roost at the end of the bar nursing a beer. Kell drained his glass then walked up to Perry, tapped him on the shoulder. “You the guy takes me in to see Victor?”
Perry said, “Who’re you?”
Kell glanced to either side. Softly, “Bag man.”
Perry washed his glance over Kell then said,  “Where’s Hershey?”
Bingo. Kell’s guess about a pay-off was on the mark. Of course, Hershey was the regular funnel for the cash that kept Victor in business.  “Out sick. I got the duty.”
Perry started getting up from the barstool. “I need to see something.”
Kell reached into his back pocket and pulled out the wallet. He held it low, flashed the foil, closed it quickly. Perry was a pea-brain. Kell hoped he was stupid enough to buy it as genuine tin.
Perry inclined his head. “Follow me.”
He knocked softly three times on the door marked “Private.” The door cracked open and LeRoy’s face appeared in the opening. He glanced at Kell then spoke to Perry. “Who you got there?”
“Guy says Hershey’s sick.”
LeRoy said, “You’re a couple a days early, man.”
Kell hadn’t anticipated this. He shrugged. “All I know is they told me to come for it.”
LeRoy hesitated a moment then opened the door and stood aside to let them in. Victor was seated at the desk, looking down at some papers. He glanced up, turned his eyes from Kell to LeRoy, then raised his chin asking who this guy was.
LeRoy said, “Gentleman here from the precinct.”
“He’s early.”
“That’s what I told him.”
Kell shook his head. “Look, I don’t know nothin’ about schedules. I’m just following orders.”
Victor pulled a face. “Jesus, you guys...” He opened the top drawer and fumbled around with its contents before handing Kell several bills—all hundreds 
Kell stuffed them in his pocket. “Thanks. How about some merchandise to go with this?”
Victor glared at him. “Greedy prick, ain’t you.”
LeRoy went up to the side of the desk. Kell thought he saw him wink. “Hey, boss, why don’t we give him some of that good shit you had me get out for the guy was here yesterday?” 
A corner of Victor’s mouth turned up. “Okay, LeRoy. I hate to let it go but, what the hell.” He reached into a drawer of the desk and came out with a plastic bag the size of a basketball. It was packed with weed. He tossed it to Kell. “Here. Use it in good health.”
 This was their idea of scraps? Looked more like a month’s supply. Kell followed Perry out of the door.
He waited until he got to the car before counting the bills. Five. He was unlocking the door when he heard scuffling behind him, felt something hard pushed into his back, felt an arm encircling his neck, the smell from the guy’s armpit almost choked him. A voice from behind said, “Keep your fuckin’ hands on the car.”
A hand went into his pocket and his easy pickings were gone. The voice said, “Don’t turn or you’re dead.”
He felt the arm release him, heard the scuffle of footsteps and when he looked around the person was gone. Oh well, at least the bastard hadn’t taken the bag of weed.
He got into the car, drummed on the wheel. Where to next? Lucy Gates. He felt the grin spread on his face. Wouldn’t it feel nice to cuddle up to that? He pictured the apartment house on Cedar. Shouldn’t be too hard to get into the apartment. Get into Lucy. He fingered the knife he still had in his pocket. The one he’d taken from the mall watchman. He started the car. 

 

FIFTEEN
Dr. Jake Kell sat in the car parked on the darkened side street next to the apartment house where Lucy Gates lived. A church clock chimed one. The only sounds came from the occasional car that whined up the hill on Cedar Road half a block away. He slid out of the car and crept down the alley along the rear of the apartment house. Two fire escapes, one on each corner, ran up the back of the building. Apartment 3-B, third floor, but which side? He’d have to guess, hope he’d made the right choice. Left. The bottom of the fire escape was about ten feet over his head. He overturned two garbage cans that stood in the alley, carefully stacked them alongside the brick wall of the building so they wouldn’t topple, then gingerly climbed to the top of the uppermost one, keeping his balance with one hand on the side of the building. Reaching up, his fingers could just grasp the bottom of the fire escape. With a lot of straining, he could pull himself up, swing himself over the rail and, for a few moments, lay panting on the metal grating. 
The rusty steps squeaked as he mounted them. The windows they faced were dark and shut. His pulse pounded in his ears when he reached the third floor level. The window was open a crack, the shade behind it fully drawn. Had to be a bedroom, Lucy getting a little air at night. All he needed. He felt a tingle in his groin as his fingers curled around the window’s lower edge and slowly pushed up. The window opened with a faint whisper. The shade rattled slightly. He stopped, waited. No sound came from inside the room. He lowered one leg inside, his body shielded from the room by the drawn shade. He slowly lowered his leg farther, feeling for the floor. His shoe landed on something soft, and a howl filled his ears. A cat. He’d stepped on a fucking cat. 
He yanked his leg out of the opening, clanked down the fire escape steps. A window on the second floor squealed open as he flew past, and he heard a man’s voice yelling. Reaching the fire escape’s bottom stage, he threw his legs over the rail, hung by his hands, then let go. It seemed an eternity floating in space until his feet hit the concrete walk. For a moment he lay sprawled in the alley, then picked himself up, found his legs would work, and sprinted for the car, groping in his pocket for the keys as he ran. 

Poole, wearing a robe, peered through the glass door at the Excelsior a few minutes after Kell pressed the buzzer. He scowled but opened the door, and grumbled something about waking up Eddie this time of night while Kell strode past him to the elevator.
Back in the safety of his apartment, Kell dropped into the easy chair. The bag of weed he’d gotten from Victor, he tossed on the couch. Bummer. Robbed of five bills and chased out of a building by a watch cat. The whole goddam evening had been a waste. For all he knew, he could have been sneaking into the wrong apartment. Should have gone in the front lobby and picked the lock of 3-B, instead of acting like a goddam acrobat, climbing the fire escape into who knew where. Well, next time he’d do better. Oh yes, there’d be a next time. He stripped off his good clothes, hung them in the closet. From the living room table he retrieved the pack of Camels and an ashtray, lay down in bed and shook the remaining joint out of the cigarette pack and lit up.

Hyde awoke in his own bed. Naked. An ashtray on the bedside table, held a smoldering butt, the odor unmistakably pot. Two-thirty AM. Wasn’t he supposed to be somewhere? Dan’s Topless. Shit. Too late now. Do it tomorrow night. He rolled over and went back to sleep.
Next morning, as he was about to leave the apartment, he noticed the bag of grass on the couch. A present from his “roommate?” He winced. How did that stuff get there? Did he go back to Dan’s Topless? He dropped into the easy chair and pressed his hands to his temples. Jesus, not only was he losing his mind, his memory was shot as well. He reached for the bag, opened it and sniffed. It was pot, all right. More than Ram had asked him to get, so he scooped out about a handful and put it into another plastic bag. He wasn’t sure if it was the same as the weed Victor had given him before, but he’d take it to Ram, let him give it to his friend to run tests on. The rest he stuffed into the back of his refrigerator.

 
SIXTEEN
“Tetrahydrocannabinol.” The word slid off the tongue of V.C. Patel, and Eddie Hyde could only nod like he knew what the guy was talking about. Seated alongside Dr. Ram, Hyde gazed around Patel’s tiny office on the top floor of the university’s Chemistry and Pharmacology Building. Christ, it’d been three days since he’d given Ram the bag of weed to be tested. What took Patel so long to get back to him and Ram? Meanwhile he’d been having these goddam spells or panic attacks two, three times a day. He’d feel like he was about to puke, get that shrinking feeling, and break out in a sweat. It lasted a few minutes then he’d be all right, except he always worried it would come on again. Like in the middle of a conversation with his boss or carrying a tray of dishes.
Patel peered at them from behind a stack of books and journals that covered his desktop. Dark-skinned, his speech had the same up-and-down tempo as Ram’s. Hyde wondered why Patel didn’t wear a turban; maybe you only got to wear one if you were a doctor. 
Patel said, “THC is, of course, the active ingredient of cannabis.”
Of course.
“It’s the major psychoactive component, and, of course, is the one responsible for the hallucinogenic physiological effect of the cannabinoids.”
Of course.
Patel pushed aside a mountain of books on the desktop, and waited a moment while the stack swayed, to see if it would topple. It didn’t. He placed a sheet of paper on the cleared space and with his skinny dark finger pointed to the series of gray columns on the paper. “This is the result of the gel chromatography I ran on the plants you brought me.” He indicated one of the bars. “I think you’ll agree, the height of this peak is remarkable.”
Hyde couldn’t agree more. Neither could he disagree since he couldn’t even pronounce the words. He took out a handkerchief and held it to his nose, trying to filter out the putrid smell that filled every corner of the laboratory.
Ram interrupted. “Bottom line, Vee.”
Patel’s eyebrows shot up. “Bottom line?”
“This is all very well. But exactly what are you telling us.”
Exactly what Hyde wanted to know, too.
Patel smiled showing white teeth against his dark skin. “Ah yes. I get carried away. You’ll pardon me Mr. Hyde.”
“Eddie.”
“Eddie. This material has the largest concentration of THC I’ve ever seen, or, for that matter, has been reported in the literature. But even more amazing is the presence of this aberrant peak.” He tapped the paper. “This represents a schizoprotein.” He sat back and glanced from Ram to Hyde like a magician who has just put together the two halves of the woman he had sawed and waited for applause. 
Ram said, “I assume a schizoprotein has something to do with separation or splitting.”
Patel nodded. “It is an extremely rare protein. In fact, the only occurrence I’ve seen reported is in a snail found only in the Indian Ocean. The schizoprotein causes the snail to change color and demeanor. Normally, the creature is white and docile, crawling along the ocean bottom feeding on plankton. Something it feeds on is converted in its digestive tract to a schizoprotein, and the snail turns black, becomes smaller, if you can believe it, and—this is the amazing part—in that state it has been known to attack sharks. The snail attaches itself to the shark’s back, bores its way into its innards devouring the animal. Can you imagine that?”
Hyde couldn’t imagine that. As for snails, he once ate one and it tasted lousy. Too much garlic. 
Ram said, “What’s the next step?”
Patel stood and smoothed his white lab coat. From a metal rack on a shelf behind his desk, he took a test tube containing a small amount of brownish liquid. “I’ve got here a concentrate of the cannabis. ”
Ram said, “How about we run a test, see how it acts.”
“Good idea, old chap.”
Hyde raised a hand. “Hold it. I’m not gonna be some guinea pig.”
Patel laughed. “Don’t worry, Mr. Eddie, we’ll use an experimental animal. Come along.”
They followed Patel out of his office, through the laboratory where row after row of long blacktopped counters were crowded with coiled glass tubes and jars filled with liquids and powders. Weird-looking instruments clicked and whirred, and steam rose from their nozzles emitting stinks that made Hyde choke. He breathed a sigh of relief when they closed the laboratory door behind them and headed down a long corridor.
 Patel stopped before a door. “Here we are.” He opened the door to a large room where rows of cages were stacked head high. The cages contained white and brown rats. Squealing rats. Rats that scurried through the straw that lined the bottoms of the cages. Rats that stood on their hind legs to suck water from metal tubes attached to pint-sized water bottles that protruded from each cage. The place smelled like a stable.
“This is our drug-testing animal facility.” He led them to a cleared space beyond the cages, occupied by a metal table. He held up the test tube he had taken from his office. “I am going to inject a small amount of this purified extract into one of the rats. Let us see what happens.”
He reached into a cage, pulled out one of the fat white rats by its tail, and placed it on the metal table. When Patel gently caressed its fur, Hyde expected the rat to take a bite out of his hand, or jump off the table and run away, but it sat quietly, its pink nose raised in the air, twitching while Patel took from a drawer in the table a syringe and needle, and drew a small amount of the brown liquid from the tube into the syringe. He picked up the rat, its back cradled in the palm of his hand, securing the animal’s hind legs between his fingers, its head under his thumb, exposing its smooth round belly. “What I’m about to do is inject a small amount intraperitoneally.” 
Hyde’s eyebrows raised. “Where’s that?”
Patel glanced at Hyde. “Into its belly. The material will be absorbed into the rat’s blood stream just as it would if it had been smoked.”
Holding the rat with one hand, with his other he snatched the syringe, plunged the needle into the rat’s belly, squeezed out the contents of the syringe and pulled the needle out. It happened so quickly, Hyde saw the injection as a blur. The rat emitted the barest squeak when the needle went in, but when Patel placed the animal back on the table it just sat trembling slightly.
“Now we watch,” said Patel. He took a stopwatch from his pocket, and pressed the start button.
The rat did nothing for about half a minute, then yawned. 
Suddenly, it started twitching, first gently, then more violently, bucking, leaping high in the air, twisting and coming down on its side. It rolled over onto its back, its legs shaking, its claws scratching the air. 
“My God!” Ram shouted. “The skin!”
The animal’s skin under its white fur gradually turned from pink to gray, then darker, darker until, in less than a minute, it became coal black—and the rat began to become smaller until it shrunk to the size of a large mouse with long yellow fangs. Patel reached to grab the rat by its tail, when it spun its head around and sank its teeth into his hand. 
Patel screamed, shaking his hand to try to get the animal to loosen its grip, but the rat snarled, white froth appeared at the corners of its mouth. 
Ram seized the rat’s snout, trying to pry its jaws open. His fingers blanched as he strained but the rat held fast to Patel’s hand. 
Hyde looked around for something to hit the crazy beast. He snatched one of the water bottles that protruded from the cages, held it by its neck, took aim then brought the bottle down on the rat’s head. Crunch. The rat’s eyes glazed and its jaws went slack so Patel was able to pry them open and release his hand, letting the rat drop to the floor. It lay on the cement floor for a moment, its chest panting, and Hyde raised the bottle to bash it again when it leaped up, its claws scratching his face, then fell back on to the table. Hyde swatted at it, missed and the rat sprang toward a closed window about four feet from the table. It smashed through the glass, scrambled through the broken pane and hurtled down. 
Hyde wiped his scratched face with a handkerchief, then turned to Patel, seated on the floor, moaning and holding his bleeding hand with the other. 
Ram raised the window and peered down for a moment then turned back to the room and kneeled down alongside Patel. “Where’s your first aid kit?”
Patel pointed to a blue box clipped to the wall.
While Ram cleaned and dressed Patel’s wound, Hyde went to the window. Four stories below, in a parking lot, a small crowd had gathered near one of the cars, and seemed to be gazing from a short distance at one of the front tires. Hyde cupped his hand around his mouth and yelled down, “What’s going on.”
Someone shouted something he couldn’t understand. Hyde said, “I’m going downstairs.”
He hurried out of the animal room and entered the fourth floor stairwell, a short distance down the corridor. At the third floor landing the steps seemed to be getting higher, farther apart.  Halfway down to the second floor, the stairs began to tilt beneath his feet. He stopped. The entire staircase turned into a spiral, began spinning around him. Earthquake? Tornado? He sat on a step, gripped the banister to keep from falling over. The whole building whirled, then whooshed upward like a plane in a vertical, spinning takeoff. His body pressed against the banister rails with an intensity that took his breath away. Christ almighty. He’d never survive this. He squeezed his eyes shut, waiting to die, swallowed the bitter bile that came up in his throat, and hung on to the handrail like a sailor on a ship in a typhoon. 

Dr. Jake Kell opened his eyes to find himself seated on a cement step in the stairwell, hanging on to the handrail.  He waited until the spinning gradually slowed before trying to stand. Had he shed Hyde? A glance at his loose clothing and his hands—the slender fingers— were all that was needed to convince him.

 
SEVENTEEN
Doc Jake Kell stood, held on to the banister and waited while the wobbly feeling gradually subsided. He grabbed for his jeans as they began to slip off his hips, and tightly cinched his belt. His T-shirt was loose, but wasn’t that how they were wearing them these days? He turned up the bottoms of his jeans. The worst part about this conversion from Hyde each time was having to change clothes. Little enough price for the freedom from Hyde’s tight-assed style. 
Kell bounded down the steps and out the door of the building. A dozen people, most with book bags strapped to their backs, probably students, stood in a circle watching something on the ground near a blue Chevy. He walked up and asked what was going on.
A guy pointed. “A rat’s gnawing one of the front tires.”
It was The Rat, its fangs fastened on the tire with the same ferocity as it had clamped down on the hand of that nutty scientist upstairs. 
A young woman said, “Anyone call security?”
Someone in the crowd said, “How about an exterminator?” 
Everyone laughed.
A young woman said, “I could go home and get my cat.”
More laughter.
A car pulled into the lot, screeched to a stop and a uniformed security guard hopped out. He waved a nightstick, pushed his way through the crowd and yelled, “Stand back every one.” 
The rat was making a growling sound, its head moving side to side while holding fast to the tire. It looked like a cat shaking a mouse it had caught in its mouth.
The security guard cautiously moved toward the rat, his club poised in the air. The rat stopped moving its head, appeared to be watching the guard through the corners of its eyes. Its growling, lower in volume, sounded even more menacing as it waited, watching the guard’s movements. The guard, now in striking distance, raised the club higher, ready to bring it down on the animal.
“Wait!”
The guard, his arm still in the air, turned. From the door of the building ran Patel and Ram. 
Patel yelled, “Don’t strike it. Please.” With Ram close behind, he raced up and pushed his way through the ring of on-lookers. Kell saw that Patel’s hands were covered by thick work gloves. Ram held a syringe.
Patel kneeled, grabbed the rat’s body with his gloved hands, and Ram plunged the needle into its exposed side, and squeezed out the contents of the syringe. 
The guard screamed, “What the hell you doing. Let go of the thing, I’ll kill it.”
Patel, shook his head, he still had the rat in his grasp. Its teeth no longer gripped the tire and it lay limp in Patel’s gloved hand. “I’ll take care of this. It belongs upstairs in my lab.” 
 The guard’s face was beef red. “Lab or no, you don’t let these things run around. Somebody could get hurt.”
Patel nodded. “Sorry, sir. This one—uh, escaped. Won’t happen again, I promise.”
A murmur, building into a crescendo of shouts came from the crowd
“Holy shit!”
“Oh my God!”
“Look, the damned thing’s changing color!”
“And blowing up. Look at its size.”
Patel gazed down to his hand. The rat’s black skin visible through its white fur and at the tip of its nose had turned ashen gray, then pink. And it had grown larger, the damned thing was back to the size it had been up in the lab before the injection. 

Kell walked to the bus stop. So they’ve finally caught on to it, figure it out. Took a lab full of fancy equipment to do it. Probably got the dough for all that expensive stuff from the government. And they call us crooks. 
Oh well, first he had to get out of these clothes, back into ones that fit. The yogis up in the lab were probably wondering what happened to Hyde. Before they sent out a posse to find him, he’d better head them off at the pass. He stopped at an outdoor phone booth and looked up the number of the university. It took four switches before he was connected to Patel’s office. Patel answered himself.
Kell said, “This is Eddie, Eddie Hyde.”
“Ah, Mr. Eddie. Where did you disappear to?” 
“I went down to see about the rat and met some friends. I’m with them They’ll take me home.”
Patel sounded excited. “We had the most remarkable experience after you left. The rat we transformed from white to black, from docile to aggressive?”
“Yeah?”
“We were able to perform a switch back to the original by a second injection of THC extract.”
“No shit.”
“Mr. Eddie, we now have proof that your plant contains the schizoprotein I spoke about.”
“No shit.”
“This very afternoon I’m going to determine its polypeptide sequence with a view toward preparing an homologue. This, I hope, will confuse the signals that lead to the physical transformation or, if you will, the tissue expression...”  
 “No shit.”
Patel said nothing for a few seconds. Then, “Why do you keep saying ‘no shit,’ Mr. Eddie?”
“It’s an American expression meaning ‘you’re one smart fellow’.”
“Ah, thank you. And no shit to you as well.”
The bus had pulled up to the corner next to the phone booth. Kell said, “Gotta run.”
Seated on the bus he reflected on what Patel had said. He wasn’t sure, but that last sounded like something that would help him, give him control over these switches. The way things were now, he couldn’t ever be sure. The weed wasn’t working as predictably as it did at first. And as much as he hated to get back in Hyde’s head and body, it did provide a safe house. Even worse, he worried that Hyde might be Kell-ed at a time when it wasn’t convenient, like standing in front of a wanted poster with his face on it.

Kell stood before the mirror in the Excelsior apartment, brushed lint off the shoulders of his Glen plaid Giorgio Armani jacket, and with a rag, wiped the dust from the alligator shoes. Yeah, Lucy Gates, we’re gonna have us a big time tonight. Maybe your rules won’t let you date Eddie Hyde, but they sure as hell don’t say nothing about me. Mmmmmmmm. You devil you. He blew a kiss at his reflection. 


 
EIGHTEEN
Doc Jake Kell parked in the lot next to the State Office Building. There was Lucy Gates’s gray Toyota Celica, in a slot close to the exit but out of view of the attendant in the booth. 
He got out of the Ford and strolled over to the Toyota glancing at his watch. Five to four, she’d be here in a few minutes. He glanced to either side, no one around. He bent as though inspecting the left rear tire, unscrewed the valve cap, turned it upside down so it performed like a screwdriver and unscrewed the inner valve until he heard a soft hiss of escaping air. He screwed the inner valve back a half turn, enough to permit just a small amount of air to escape. That should do it, unless it took her too long to get to the car. He went back to the Ford, paid at the booth, and drove out of the lot, pulled to the curb across the street on St. Clair and sat in the car under the sign that said “No Parking 8 AM to 6 PM.” From there he had a good view of her car and the attendant’s booth.
At four-twenty Lucy Gates walked into the parking lot smiling, talking to a nerdy-looking guy who walked alongside her. Lucy wore a blue and yellow flowered blouse, a blue skirt and those stupid hiking shoes. Both she and the guy carried briefcases. Kell watched as the two strolled to her car while they carried on an animated discussion. If the dude was going to get in the car with her, Kell’s plan would be flushed down the toilet. A minute or two went by and they stood alongside the car, still in conversation. No, it didn’t look like he would get in the car, but come on, stop the goddam jawing already. He could picture the air slowly leaking from the tire. If it went flat before she started driving out... Good, she waved good-bye to the guy and climbed into the driver’s seat. 
Kell could see the left back tire as she slowly drove out of the lot on to St. Clair. The tire was low but not enough for her to notice. If it had been a front tire, she probably would have felt the drag on the steering wheel. As she pulled out into the street. Kell could see the attendant stick his head out of the booth. He appeared to have noticed the flattening tire, cupped his hand around his mouth and yelled after her. Fat chance. She had already entered the line of cars on St. Clair. With her window closed and all the traffic noise she couldn’t hear him if he had a bullhorn. Great. Kell, you are one smart fellow, no shit.
Kell drove into the line of traffic on St. Clair three cars behind Gates. At the light on East 12th he moved up so that only one car separated theirs. He noticed the rear of the Toyota start to bump a bit although about one-fourth of the air remained. By the time she reached 55th and turned south toward Carnegie, the tire was flat. He couldn’t have planned it better. 
The fancy brickwork decorating the buildings on 55th between St. Clair and Carnegie indicated that this might have been a fashionable part of Cleveland at one time. Now, it was a paper and beer can littered roadway, hemmed in on both sides by boarded-up stores. The boards over the storefronts were so thick with graffiti that even the graffiti was covered with graffiti. The only people in sight were derelicts who slept in the doorways of the abandoned stores. 
Kell drove directly behind her, along the street so full of potholes she probably thought they accounted for the bumping, since the left rear wheel now rode on its rim. He pulled alongside and rolled down his window. Pointing at the tire, he shouted, “You’ve got a flat.” She parked at the curb and he pulled over in front of her. 
They got out and inspected the shredded tire. A man with a four-day stubble, wearing two overcoats struggled up from his cardboard mattress in a nearby doorway and staggered over carrying a brown paper bag from which protruded the neck of a bottle. He pointed to the left rear tire. “‘S flat.” When neither Gates nor Kell responded, he swiped his hand over his mouth and said, “But only on th’ bottom.” He shambled back to his roost, hiccupping and laughing.
Ms. Gates kept staring at the tire, shaking her head. She gazed around at the surroundings. “Great place for this to happen.” Smiled at Kell. “I’m thankful that you stopped. I’d hate to be alone in this neighborhood.”
Kell gave her his sweetest smile. “I’m glad I came along. I’ll change it for you.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t think of having you get yourself dirty .” She rummaged in her purse, and retrieved a cell phone. “I’ll call the Auto Club.”
Kell, ready for this, waved his hand. “Know how long it’ll take for them to get here? I’d wait with you, but we might be here ‘till midnight. Nah. Just open your trunk I’ll take care of it for you.”
“Hm. I suppose you’re right. You’re most kind to offer. We can do it together, try to keep from getting you too messed up.”
While she unlocked the trunk, Kell removed his jacket, deposited it on the seat of the Ford and rolled up his shirtsleeves. He watched while she bent over in the trunk of her car. Nice ass. He had to keep his hands in his pocket to keep from patting it. 
She straightened up. “I have a jack here somewhere. Maybe you can find it.”
“Okay. I’ll look. Meanwhile, get back in the car and set the emergency brake so it won’t roll.”
As soon as she walked away from the rear of the car, he quickly unscrewed the valve cap from the spare and let out the air until he heard her get out of the front seat. When she appeared at the trunk he said, “You’ve got a problem. The spare is low.” He squeezed it to prove his point.
“Oh dear, I suppose I should have checked it from time to time. Look, I’ll phone the Auto Club. Why don’t you go ahead, I’ll wait by myself. ” 
“Absolutely not. I wouldn’t think of leaving you alone anywhere near here. I’ll put the spare on. It probably has enough air to get you home. I’ll follow you in case it doesn’t hold up.”
“I hate to impose on you like this.”
Kell raised his hand, gave her a “no-problem” smile. Like, What are friends for?
He jacked the car up, put on the spare, smearing his hands with road dirt and grease in the process. When he had finished, he stood back and examined the spare. “It’s low but drivable. Do you live far from here?”
“In the Fairmount-Cedar area. Will that be taking you out of your way? Look, I can drive to a service station and have someone fix the tire.”
“Are you kidding? All the service stations are self-service gas pumps. All you’ll find is a girl cashier in a booth. I’m afraid I don’t know where Cedar-Fairmount is. I’m not from this area. I live in Mansfield. I was on my way back there. Go ahead. I’ll follow right behind you.”
“I don’t know how to thank you.”
He smiled, waved aside her anguish. Don’t worry, sweetie, we’ll think of some way.
Kell watched her get back in her car then drove behind her, his groin tingling, fantasies of their naked bodies pumping to ecstatic heights, racing through his brain.
When they reached her apartment building, she stopped in the driveway leading to the alley behind the building where the garage was located. He parked on the street and walked to her car gazing at his grimy hands. Her window was rolled down. 
“I wonder,” he said, “if I could trouble you to let me wash my hands in your place. I’ve got an hour or more drive—.” 
“Of course. Let me put my car in the garage.”
He stood by waiting until she stowed her car. As they walked to the entrance he was thinking about giving her a phony name, but decided his own name was already phony enough. After all, the only place it existed was in his own head. He said, “I’m Jay Kell.”
“Hi, Jay. I’m Lucy Gates. I don’t know what I’d have done if you hadn’t come along.”
“I hope your husband won’t mind you bringing a strange man home.”
“I have no husband.”
“Your roommate, then?”
“Or roommate.”
How much better could this get? He had trouble keeping the smirk off his face as he watched her unlock the downstairs door.
Lucy said, “I’m on the third floor. We’ll take the elevator.”
Yeah, 3-B. Careful of the watch-cat.
The door opened to a small vestibule leading to a neat living room/dining room furnished with several heavy pieces. A small kitchenette. No stacked dirty dishes. The apartment smelled faintly of perfume which heightened his arousal. 
Lucy pointed to the bathroom. “Go ahead and wash. I’ll get you a fresh towel.”
While he washed she called, “Can I get you something to drink, before you drive back home?”
He said that would be nice. 
When he came out of the bathroom she handed him a glass of Coke. “I’m sorry I can’t take time to sit and have a drink with you,” she said. “But I’m meeting some friends in a little while and we’re going out for dinner.” She glanced at her watch. “I know you have to be on your way. I must apologize again for keeping you.”
Was she trying to get rid of him? Well, he’d have none of that shit. He sat on the living room couch, sipping his Coke. An alley cat, yawning, strolled out of a back room. It glanced at Kell, arched its back and hissed. The fuckin’ watch-cat.
Lucy shook a finger at the cat. “Sally Fields, that’s no way to treat a guest.” She smiled at him. “Please excuse her. She’s usually not hostile to strangers.”
Sure, provided the stranger hadn’t stepped on her.
Lucy glanced toward the door like she was inviting him to get the hell out. She walked to the bedroom door, then back to the kitchenette. Opened the refrigerator door, took out a container of milk while the cat slalomed between her ankles. She poured milk into a bowl and set it down for the cat. Strolled back to the living room, plucked off threads from the arm of an easy chair, glanced at her watch. 
While the cat lapped up the milk, it watched Kell through the corners of its eyes. Every few seconds it would lift its head, turn to him, nose in the air, crouching like it was ready to run. He gave a little head feint in her direction, and Pussy Fields, or whatever the hell was her name, took off like a rocket out of the room. 
Now, peering over the top of his Coke glass, his gaze followed Lucy as she strolled around the room, getting a little more excited seeing how her thighs moved under that silky dress. This was his meat. Turn on a little charm, she’d be jumping on him, begging for it. “Nice place you have here.” That was for starters. Loosen her up.
Lucy said, “Thanks.” She walked to the window, pushed aside the curtain and looked toward the street. Trying to fake him out, but he wasn’t buying her “meeting some friends” story.
“You’ve got what, three rooms?” Start with a little ho-hum conversation.
She glanced at her watch before she answered, didn’t look up. “Uh-huh.” 
On the end table alongside Kell stood a framed photograph of a smiling uniformed soldier. She’d said she wasn’t married. “Your brother?”
“My what?”
He pointed. “The guy in the picture.”
For a moment, she didn’t answer. She shook her head, her eyes moist. “My husband—was my husband.”  Flicked another glance at her watch.
“Was?”
“Vietnam.”
“Sorry”
She gave a little shrug.
Enough with the chitchat. Time to turn it up a notch. He smiled. “Guess you got a lot of guys coming on to you, attractive gal like you, single and all.”
She brought her head up sharply. “Look, Jay, I don’t mean to sound ungrateful. For your help, I mean. But I’ve got to get dressed...” She was looking out of the window again, peering from side to side.
Oh? She wasn’t going for the sweet talk—what Eddie Hyde would call foreplay? Funny, with Hyde, they’d squeal, “Oh Eddie, you’re so cute.” Cuddle him to their breasts like he was a stuffed teddy bear, couldn’t pull their panties down fast enough. Well, maybe it’d work for Hyde, but it sure as hell wasn’t working for him. Or maybe she was one of those broads who liked to get it on with a little roughhouse. He’d drained the last of the Coke, put the glass down on the end table. She turned to the sound, walked over and bent to pick up the glass. Now was the time. He reached out, gripped her outstretched forearm. Her head snapped up to face him, eyes wide open. “What do you think you’re doing?”
“I got something for you, baby.” He pulled her toward him and she lost her balance, fell into his lap, the glass dropping to the carpet. He buried his face in her hair breathed deeply of that delicious perfumed odor. She was struggling now, trying to get out of his grasp. Yeah, Lucy, keep on wiggling, keep on rubbing. That silky dress felt so good against his groin. Lucy, Lucy. Relax and enjoy it like me. He pulled her closer, thrust his hips up into her body. Felt her heat through his trousers, his shirt. Felt her hot breath on his face. She thrust her hand up between their bodies, pushed against his face. The bitch was trying to get to his eyes. He bent his head back to get out of her reach, and she slammed her fist into his exposed Adams apple. He gagged. Jesus, a real street fighter. He struggled to catch his breath, had to release his grip on her. She rolled off his lap, scrambled to her feet. Oh no, sweetheart, you’re not getting away now. Come on, let’s wrestle some more. He stood from the couch and grabbed her dress as she started toward the door. Heard the dress rip, but it held together. He yanked on it pulled her toward him. Now he had her by the shoulders. She pushed hard against his chest, but he held firmly. This babe was stronger than he thought. All right, you bitch. Don’t fight it. He grasped the edges of her blouse collar with each hand and tore down, ripping the blouse off. She shrieked. He felt the smooth skin of her shoulders, grabbed her brassiere straps and ripped them down. Her breasts were bared, those two little red popeyes starring at him. Oh, man. His arousal was full. Nothing would stop him now.
Suddenly her open palm came up from below, hit him hard under the chin, snapped his neck back. At the same time her knee slammed into his groin. He gulped air, felt like he would throw up. He bent forward and clutched his belly, tried to catch his breath. He squeezed his eyes shut. Felt her nails raking his face. He swung a fist wildly, caught only air. A moment later he opened his eyes in time to see her foot in that big shoe coming at his midsection and his balls exploded. He doubled over, knives digging into his gut. He heard the door slam. When the tears cleared enough so he could see again, he was alone in the room. He struggled to get to the door, flung it open, heard her footsteps rattling on the stairs. Finally he could suck in some air, but his stomach cramped like it was caught in a giant vise. Couldn’t stand or walk without bending forward. He stumbled down the steps. He had no idea where she had gone, but knew he had to get out of there. Fast.  

 
NINETEEN
Dr. Jake Kell stumbled into the downstairs vestibule as a man entered with an armful of grocery bags. Kell shoved the man aside, the bags crashing to the tiled floor. Still bent forward from the kick Lucy Gates had delivered to his scrotum, Kell squeezed through the partly open door to the sidewalk, lurched around the corner to the Ford parked at the curb, and scrambled into the front seat. Frantically, he groped through his pockets for the car keys. He yanked the pockets inside out, their contents falling to the floor of the car. Where were the goddam keys? One of his feet kicked something that made a metallic jangle. Gotta be somewhere on the floor. He swept his hand over the floor mat, his fingers touching coins, bills, but no keys. Finally, finally, he found them under the front seat. He was fumbling the key into the ignition, when he heard banging on the window. He glanced up into the red face and shaking fist of the man he’d bumped in the apartment vestibule. Ignoring the man, he started the car and with wheels spinning on the asphalt, he roared off down the street. 
It took five minutes for his breathing and racing pulse to slow down. Kell, you stupid, stupid bastard. You might have known she’d had training in karate or self-defense. She’d need it in her line of work. His hands on the wheel were still shaking, his groin was on fire, gut cramping, making it hard to sit straight enough to drive. Slow down. He hadn’t paid much attention to the direction he was going. Now he saw he was headed downtown. He glanced in the rear-view mirror. No one chasing, but his face was bloody where the bitch had scratched him. He wiped it with a handkerchief. Better, but he still looked like he’d gone three rounds with a wildcat. 
Leaving the Ford parked in the hotel lot, he entered the Excelsior lobby. Uh-oh. Poole was at the desk talking to two men in suits. Detectives? Kell held the handkerchief at his face blowing his nose into it, and kept walking through to the elevator He thought he heard Poole mention Hyde’s name as he passed. If these guys were detectives, they couldn’t have been there in response to his attack on Gates. There’s no way she could have known who he was. Besides, it was too soon for her to have sounded an alarm to the cops. Could it still be part of the investigation of the Cruz business? Come on, Kell. Relax. You’re reading too much into this. 
In his apartment, he washed his face and patted it dry. Looked a little better but he’d have to get out of the Kell mode. Like right now.
He stripped off his clothes and stuffed them into the back of the closet. Naked, he padded back to the kitchenette, retrieved the plastic bag containing the rest of the marijuana from the refrigerator and carried it into the living room. With fingers trembling, he rolled a joint spilling shreds of grass on the floor. His mouth was so dry he had to suck his cheeks and the back of his throat to get enough saliva to wet the edges of the cigarette paper. He heard the elevator clacking as he lit up, and he drew a deep drag. He held the smoke in for twenty seconds, but nothing happened. Nothing—except for a knock on the door. 
“Eddie?” Poole’s voice.
He took another drag on the joint. 
Another knock, this time louder. 
He held the smoke down. Come on, hurry, goddam it. Why wasn’t it working? 
The sound of a fist thudding on the door. “Open up, you.” Another voice, not Poole’s. “Police.”
Still holding his breath, he hurried into the bathroom and closed the door. He threw the roach into the toilet bowl, climbed into the tub, pulled the shower curtain closed and turned on the shower faucet. Icy cold water streamed down on him but his chest was a red-hot furnace while he struggled to hold the smoke in his lungs. Black spots filled his field of vision, then colored dots floated through the air. He couldn’t hold his breath a second longer, but now he felt the floor spinning beneath his feet, his head and body ballooned until he thought he was about to burst. He grabbed the towel bar next to him to keep from falling.

Hyde felt cold water pouring down on his head. In his hand he held the towel bar that had broken away from the wall. In a shower? What was he doing in the shower? Something clawed at the back of his mind about a rat. White—no black rat. Suddenly, the shower curtain was yanked aside. Standing in the bathroom were Poole and two men in suits. He gazed down at his naked body, then at the three men in the bathroom. “What the hell is going on? What are you guys doing in here? Get out!”
Poole stammered, “Jee-Jesus, Eddie, we thought...”
“Get the hell out of here. Wait in the living room if you want to talk.”
They backed out and Hyde turned off the shower, climbed out of the tub and started to towel himself dry. It was coming back to him now, the university lab, Ram and his friend, what was his name? He injected the white rat with something and it went nuts. Its skin turned black. Jumped out of the window. He started down the stairs. Now he was up in his own apartment. In the shower. The shower? So mixed up. So many missing pieces. God almighty, please, please help me. He sat on the edge of the tub sobbing. He had to get his head straightened out. 
A voice from the other room yelled, “You coming out?”
He stood, wrapped the towel around his waist and padded barefoot into the living room.
Poole stood alongside the two men seated on the couch. Hyde remembered them now. Detectives. They had questioned him about the attack on Cruz. The skinny one flipped open his wallet, flashing a shield. “Where is he?”
“Where’s who?”
The corner of the detective’s lip turned up. He turned to the husky one. “See, Mac, he’s still giving us bullshit. I say we stop wasting time and book him.”
Mac said, “Mr. Hyde, we saw your friend come into the lobby and take the elevator to this floor. We know he’s here. You’re still on parole so we don’t need a warrant to search, but we’d rather do it with your cooperation. I don’t have to tell you the penalty for harboring a criminal is severe, especially for an ex-convict on parole.”
What “friend” was he talking about?  Hyde shook his head. “Look, detective, you’ve made a mistake. There’s nobody here but me.” He swept his hand around. “You see anybody? Where would they hide? Under the bed? Go look. In the closet? Go look. Under the sink in the kitchen? In the toilet?”
Mac struggled up out of the sagging couch. “Okay, Wiz, we’re not getting anywhere. Let’s go.”
The skinny detective started to say something, but just swept his gaze around the tiny living room as though giving it a final check, and followed Mac out of the door. Poole waited a moment, faced Hyde, his palms turned up. “Jesus, Eddie. They made me let them in. They said maybe someone was, you know, maybe harming you.”
Hyde patted his shoulder. “That’s okay, Poole. No hard feelings.”
After he closed the door, Hyde stood in the center of the living room clutching each side of his head. Was he missing something? On the floor, next to the couch he spied the edge of a plastic bag sticking out from under a pile of newspapers. He picked up it and examined it. Through the clear plastic he could see fragmented brown leaves, the grass that remained after he had taken some for Ram’s friend to test. What was it doing on the living room floor? Hadn’t he put it in the refrigerator? Lucky the detectives hadn’t seen it. They’d try to find any reason to nail him. He hurried into the bathroom, dumped the weed in the toilet bowl and flushed it until the last remnant had disappeared.  

 

TWENTY
Hyde wasn’t going to ask her about it, but Ms. Gates sure seemed jumpy while he was in her office for his weekly report session. She just nodded while she read the report from his employer. “I see they’re considering you for managerial school. Very nice.” No smile.
“Yeah. It’d be great if I got it.”
“Mr. DiLucia praises your work.” She squared the file and looked up. “I guess that’s all for today.”
He got up and started for the door then turned back. “Something I did bothering you, Ms. Gates?”
Her eyebrows rose. “What gave you that idea? No, I’m pleased with the way you’re progressing. Very pleased.”
“Okay. I’m relieved. You seemed so, I don’t know, distant. I thought maybe it was something I did or said.”
Finally, a smile. “No, Eddie. I’m sorry you got that impression. I assure you it has nothing to do with you. I’ve had a bad week. I’m a bit nervous. I apologize for letting my personal problems show.”
“I’m sorry about your problems. Listen, you’ve been a big help to me, Ms. Gates. If there’s anything you need that I can help with just say the word.”
She shook her head. “Eddie, that’s the sweetest thing... Thank you. It’s nothing that needs your help.” She hesitated a moment and Hyde wasn’t sure whether or not she’d explain further. It was none of his business, so maybe he shouldn’t even have mentioned it. Suddenly, she went on. “You may have seen a blurb about it in the papers, but I was attacked.”
“Jesus! Pardon my French.”
“In a way it was my own fault.” She told him about a flat tire, and inviting the guy who helped her change it to her apartment to clean up. “Fortunately, I got out of it without being harmed, then hid in the stairwell until I heard him leave. I’ve had training in self-defense, all peace officers do, and it certainly came in handy.” She playfully shook her finger at him. “So don’t get any ideas.” 
“Did they catch him?”
“Not yet, but the investigating detectives are convinced it was a setup. They found evidence that the tire was tampered with. I was able to give them a pretty good description of the attacker, and I picked out a sketch from a bunch they showed me, of someone who I’m pretty sure is the person who attacked me.”
He shook his head. No wonder she was acting peculiar. “Lots of crazies out there, Ms. Gates. Lady like you gotta watch every step.” He wanted to say she needs a protector, someone like him, but held himself back.
“That isn’t all. A few days earlier a prowler tried to climb into my bedroom window but was scared away when my cat howled.” She rose from her chair shaking her head. “Listen to me. I shouldn’t be going on about my troubles. Get out of here before I start crying on your shoulder.”

Hyde skipped down the steps of the State Office Building humming, fantasy images of Lucy Gates leaning on his shoulder, her soft hair brushing his cheek, danced in his brain. He almost had to laugh at the thought of her fighting back, probably kicking the guy in the balls with those hiking boots. He’d love to get his hands on the mutt who attacked her. The bastard would have more than sore nuts. Thinking of nuts reminded him that he awakened a few days ago with his balls tender, and his scrotum black and blue. He couldn’t account for it, and thought he might see a doctor, but by the following day the tenderness had subsided. He also found scratches on his face that he attributed to a dull razor blade he’d been using. The scratches had crusted over, but the day before he saw Ms. Gates, Lana, one of the waitresses, told him they marred his good looks. For weeks, she had been coming on to him, and when she told him to follow her into the back of the restaurant, he wasn’t sure what she had in mind. She scrounged around in her purse and came up with a tube of what looked like lipstick.  “I use this to cover a zits when I get one.” After she painted over the scratches, he could hardly see them. She gave him the rest of the tube, patted his cheek and said, “You oughta stay away from these passionate women.”  
Shortly after he returned to the restaurant following his appointment with Ms. Gates, Carol called him over to her cashier’s desk. “Eddie, there’s a message for you to call a Dr. Ramjatsingh. I think I’m pronouncing it correctly. Want to use my phone?”
Probably something about the rat Patel had injected. He didn’t want to make the conversation public so he told Carol he’d make the call later from a pay phone. 
When he phoned at six, the secretary told him Dr. Ram had already left his office for the day. He asked her where he could be reached 
“He’s not on call tonight,” she said. “But if this is an emergency, you can go to the nearest hospital emergency room.” 
“It’s not an emergency. I’ll call him tomorrow.” He’d have time then, it was his day off.
It happened on the way home. He was seated on the bus, leafing through the Plain Dealer want ads. He wasn’t too optimistic about his chances for an appointment to the managerial school. He’d had lots of practice at being disappointed, a lifetime of it. If it didn’t come through, he might look for something better than bussing tables.
At first he thought it was the rocking of the bus. When it started to tilt, then spin, he thought, Oh no, it’s starting again. He grabbed for the back of the seat in front of his to steady himself, and watched while the fingers holding the seatback became slimmer. He squeezed his eyes shut and a flash of light appeared behind his lids.

That’s all there was to it. The woman seated in front turned around and gave Dr. Jake Kell a hard look. She said, “Do you mind?”
“Do I mind what?”
“The bus is rocking enough without you pulling on my seat.”
“Screw you, lady.” World full of bitches. Complaining bitches. He picked up the newspaper from where it had fallen on his lap and unfolded it. Want ad section. What a laugh, Hyde looking for a job with all that dough in the canvas bag in the trunk of the Ford. It would be a long time before he needed to get more. When he did, you could bet your ass he wouldn’t be bussing tables in a greasy beanery. 
He turned the paper back to the front page, rattling it as loud as he could to annoy the lady in front. What hit his eyes made him forget the lady. A sketch. A sketch of him. The black headline at the bottom of the page said, “Gentleman Murderer Sought.” They had a name for him: The Gentleman Murderer/Rapist. They described him wearing an expensive Glen plaid jacket, alligator shoes. He was wanted for the murder of a mall security officer and attempted rape of a parole officer. They didn’t miss a thing. Matter of fact, they did: they didn’t connect him with Cruz. Well, no one seeing him in the loose fitting cheap clothes he still had on would confuse him with any gentleman. 
He got off the bus a block from the Excelsior and walked with his head bent low. Nearing the spluttering neon sign, he hesitated. Those dicks could be staking his place out. He turned down a side street. He had to get out of Kell’s body before someone recognized him. Get back into Hyde and stay there. Oh, shit! Hyde had flushed the rest of the weed down the toilet. He could make a buy, get some more. No, it had to be the heavy shit he’d gotten from Victor, and there wasn’t any more of that. The rest—for all he knew the only grass like it in the world, Hyde had given to that Indian doctor, Ram. Wait a minute. He’d found the answer. Maybe.

Kell stretched and yawned. The back seat of the Ford wasn’t the most comfortable place, but after sneaking into the hotel parking lot and driving out, he’d spent the night sleeping in the car, parked in a campgrounds outside Painesville. The smell of frying bacon from campfires set alongside nearby trailers and RVs started a growling in his gut. He couldn’t remember when he’d eaten last, and he was starved. He drove to a cluster of fast food restaurants along the highway, selected a Granny’s. He adjusted his misfit clothing as best he could; wouldn’t chance going back to the apartment for the fancy clothes that fit. Tried to keep a straight face when he asked the Granny’s waitress if the manager’s name was Hyde.
By the time he’d finished breakfast it was nine o’clock. Kell wondered what the doctor had wanted when he’d called Hyde yesterday. He also wanted to ask Ram if he or the other Indian had any of the grass left. From a phone box outside the restaurant, he called Ram. When the doctor came on the line, Kell said, “This is Eddie Hyde. You tried to reach me yesterday?”
“Oh, Hyde. Glad you called back—.” He hesitated. “Do you have a cold? Your voice sounds different.”
Kell coughed into the phone. “Yeah. Throat’s a little sore.”
“Sorry about that. Yes, there are some very interesting developments with the—uh plant we gave Patel. I thought you’d be interested.”
“What kind of developments?”
“It is rather complex and difficult to explain on the phone. Can you pop over to the clinic?”
Not as Kell he couldn’t. “Well, it’s my day off and I’m around Painesville. Can’t you tell me what kind of developments you’re talking about?”
“I’ll try. You recall the changes that occurred in the rat when Patel injected the extract of the plant?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, he has created a chemical that fools the body into believing it has received the plant extract and blocks the transformation. In other words, if the white rat receives this new chemical, it will not turn black or become violently aggressive.”
 Didn’t sound like this was going to help him. He needed to get back to Hyde. He said. “What happens if he injects this new stuff into a rat that has already been changed to a black rat?”
Ram said, “I don’t think he’s gotten that far yet, but I should imagine it would block that conversion as well.”
“You mean it would stay a black rat?”
“Probably.”
“What does this have to do with me?” As though he hadn’t already suspected.
“I think these ‘panic attacks’ you’ve been experiencing are times when you are undergoing a physical and psychological transformation. Some day we’d like to test Patel’s blocking chemical on humans, starting with you since so far as we know, you are the only one affected. If it works as it did on the rats, it would keep you from turning into that other person.”
The last thing he needed right now was remain Kell. “Well, I’d have to think about it.”
“You’re concerned that there is danger involved with the chemical?”
He sure was concerned. Not about the chemical, but with the idea of not being able to get back into Hyde’s body. “Yeah.”
“Well, if it is any reassurance, the test rats have all survived. Anyway, it’s academic at the moment since we can’t perform the test here because of the legal ramifications: FDA regulations and also the university policy against the use of experimental test procedures on human subjects.”
Kell was curious. Right now he had no use for anything that would prevent his taking refuge in Hyde’s skin, but when the heat was off he’d like nothing better than shedding that wimp for good. It was a tantalizing thought. “Why does it have to be done at the university? Why can’t you just give me an injection of the stuff?”
“I told you. The FDA, Food and Drug Administration, has rules against using untested drugs without authorization.”
“So get authorization.”
He heard Ram’s soft laugh. “Can you wait about four years?”
“Take that long?”
“At least. And that’s provided they would give authorization for a clinical trial.”
Four years from now, if he were caught, he could be dead and buried or sitting in a Death Row cell waiting for his next appeal. “How about you giving me the injection without authorization?”
He could hear Ram’s sharp intake of breath. “You’re asking me to do something illegal. I could have my license to practice taken away, not to mention going to prison.”
Do something illegal. Heaven forbid. “Where are the chemicals now?”
“Patel has them. Both the extract of the plant you provided and the blocking agent he developed.”
“In his lab?”
“Yes.” Ram hesitated a moment. “You’re not thinking of having Patel collaborate with you on any scheme to try the chemical on you, are you?”
“No, no. Just curious.”  Right now Patel’s new chemical was of little interest to him. At least he now knew there was some weed left and he knew where it was. 

 
TWENTY-ONE
Kell drove back to Cleveland from outside Painesville. The drive along the lake was relaxing, the traffic on Saturday was light giving him time to think. Maybe he should just keep going, say good-bye to Cleveland. He had enough dough back there in the trunk to take him to Miami, Vegas, or any other fun spot he wanted to go. The problem was, the Cleveland dicks no doubt had an APB out on him and he wasn’t sure he could get far enough away before he was collared. No, the safest way was to get hold of the weed in Patel’s lab, get back to Hyde. His own little safe house. He’d be able to move around without some dick crawling up his back. The one thing he hadn’t figured out was getting that asshole Hyde to leave town. Oh well, first things first.
By the time he reached Willoughby he decided that on the weekend it was likely no one was in the lab. There would be no problem breaking in and boosting the rest of the weed, as well as the blocking chemicals Patel had made. The thought of making a score started a delicious tingle in his gut. He saw himself rolling a joint, taking a drag, turning back into Hyde. Eventually, he knew he’d be back as Kell. How many times now had he escaped from Hyde’s body even without the weed? He knew he’d do it again, then, when the time was right, a little pop of that blocking shit Patel had made, and he could stay Kell forever. He had reached East Cleveland and the rush that poured over his body kept growing more and more intense. At Superior Road, he turned south toward University Circle. He was getting closer to his solution and his anticipation was almost unbearable.
He pulled into the university parking lot adjacent to the laboratory, parked close to the slot where the rat had tried to make a meal of an automobile tire. He’d case the place before making his move. Sitting in the car, he rested his elbow on the windowsill, cupped his chin in his palm, watching the relatively few students on a weekend. Book bags hung from their shoulders. They filed in and out of the buildings. A tap on his elbow startled him. He swung his head around to face a man in a cop uniform. “Sir, you need a permit to park in this lot.” 
He mumbled, “Sorry.” Relieved it was only a campus cop. It was obvious he wasn’t going to accomplish anything here and was taking too much of a chance on being recognized staying out in broad daylight. He’d have to wait until dark. He started the car and headed downtown.
He drove past the Excelsior twice, glancing at the cars parked along the curb on both sides, looking for an unmarked police car. When he saw no signs of a stakeout, he pulled into the parking lot and strode to the front door, hurried to the elevator. The lobby was empty, whoever had duty at the desk was either in the back office or off somewhere. This was going to be his lucky day. He rode up to the third floor and for a full minute, stood with his ear pressed to his apartment door, listening to the silence from within. He held his breath as he turned the key and pushed open the door in one motion. Inside he saw only the shabby furniture, smelled the dank odor of the rooms that had not been opened to the air for more than a day. Quickly, he went inside and locked the door behind him. He let out a deep breath and with his eyes closed, leaned back against the door. 
He went to the refrigerator for a Bud and his glance went to a stack of brownish disks on a plate. He picked one up, examined it. Chocolate chip cookie. He’d forgotten Hyde had made them some time ago and had never eaten them. Aside from being a little dried out, they still looked good. He nibbled on one. Um, tasted good, too. He grabbed three cookies, popped the can of Bud, sat on the couch munching, drinking and trying to figure some way of getting to Patel’s chemicals. When he finished the cookies, he still had a few swallows of beer left in the can, so he went to the refrigerator for three more cookies. He finished them, tipped the beer down and began to notice a buzz. On one beer? Come on. Maybe because he hadn’t had anything since breakfast, except the cookies. The cookies. Sure, Hyde had laced them with the grass. The buzz became a roar in his ears. His head, body, arms ballooned. Christ, he was about to burst. His eyes pulsed, felt as though they were getting ready to pop out of their sockets. Fists pounded on his head. Bands of steel squeezed his chest so he could hardly breath. Hammering, hammering, hammering banged in his ears. The chair started spinning and he grabbed the armrests to keep from being propelled across the room. Gradually, the pounding became more and more distant, his vision faded until grayness turned to black. 

Hyde realized someone was pounding on the door, but he was unable to move from the chair He stared at the door open-mouthed, watching as it was flung open and men were suddenly in the room with him. Poole and the two detectives: Mac-somebody and the one he called Wiz. 
Wiz yelled, “All right, you slimy mother. Where is he?”
Hyde shook his head. Who was he talking about? “Where’s who?”
“Cut out the bullshit, Hyde. Where is that little rat-faced bastard.” Wiz glared at Poole. “You told us he came up here.”
Poole turned his palms up. “I swear, I saw him come in just before I called you. I watched but I know he didn’t come down again. He’s got to be here.”
Mac said, “ Mr. Hyde, we’re here to take your buddy into custody. We have a warrant for his arrest, and we have reasonable evidence to search the premises. I’m giving you fair notice in front of this witness.” 
Wiz went at it with vengeance. He threw off the couch cushions, flipped the couch on its side, and in the bedroom, grabbed all the hanging clothes and dumped them on the floor. He bent, gripped the side of the bed frame and lifted, about to tip it over, when Mac, staring at the pile of clothing strewn on the floor, said, “Well, well. Lookie what we got here.” He picked up the Glen plaid jacket, held it in front of Hyde’s face. With a crooked smile he said, “Gotcha.”
Hyde started to tell him he didn’t know where the damned jacket had come from, decided not to waste his breath. 
Wiz had the bed on its side when Mac put his hand on his shoulder. “Okay, Wiz. Let it be.” He turned to Hyde. “We’re taking you in.”
“What for?”
Wiz dropped the bed, letting it crash to the floor. “Turn around and put your hands behind your back.”
Christ, they were going to cuff him. “What the hell’s going on? You can’t walk in and…” 
“We just did. Turn around and keep your mouth shut, asshole.”
He grabbed Hyde’s shoulder and spun him around, shoving him against the wall. Hyde knew there was no point in resisting, the bastard was aching for an excuse to really trash the place in addition to slapping him around. 
Hyde said, “I want to call my lawyer.”
Wiz let out a snort, his version of a laugh. “Listen to this two-bit crook. Making it sound like he’s got a stable of shysters.”  He shoved Hyde’s shoulder. “Who you gonna call, Johnnie Cochran?”
“Mr. Utterson.” Gabe had been his public defender. Although Hyde had been convicted and ended up doing his twenty-eight in Mansfield, to the lawyer’s credit, it could have been worse.
Wiz sneered. “Gabe Utterson? What are you trying to pull? He don’t do pro bono.”
Hyde didn’t think he had to explain to this arrogant bastard.  
Mac saved him the trouble. “That’s okay, Wiz. Let him make the call.”
Wiz gazed around the small apartment obviously looking for the phone. “How you gonna make the call? Yell out the window?”
“There’s a phone in the hallway.”
The detective started to shove him to the door. Hyde said, “Wait, I have to find his number. It’s in a book in there.” He beckoned with is chin to the drop-leaf table which had a small drawer.
Wiz said, “Probably has a piece in the drawer. I’ll get the book, if there’s one in there.”
He looked disappointed when he found only the address book.
Mac unlocked the cuffs, and Hyde leafed through the book He found the page and memorized the number. 
Wiz kept his hand on Hyde’s shoulder while they went down the narrow corridor to the wall pay phone. Hyde fished a quarter out of his pocket, dropped it in the slot, and punched in Utterson’s number. 
A woman’s bright voice answered, “Slavin, Hammer and Knowles.”
“I’d like to talk to Mr. Utterson.”
“May I ask who is calling?”
“Just tell him it’s Eddie Hyde. From the Olds case.” He figured Utterson might remember the Olds he had boosted because the damned thing had broken down, and a black and white had stopped to help. They became suspicious when they saw the wires hanging down from the dashboard.
She said just a minute, then , “Mr. Utterson is in a deposition.  Leave your number and he’ll call you back.”
That would be a first. Hyde couldn‘t count the times he’d called over the past three years. Utterson was always in a deposition, or maybe it was the same one.  “Never mind. I’ll call back.” He slammed down the receiver.
With his hands cuffed behind his back, he was pushed into the elevator and led through the lobby full of gapers, into the back seat of an unmarked Dodge. The two detectives sat in the front while they drove in silence to Central Police Station. Hyde was still pissed over not being able to contact Utterson. Upstairs, in the detective’s large room, Wiz shoved him into a chair alongside a desk. He released the handcuff from one hand but secured it to the chair.
Hyde said, “How long you going to keep me?”
“Until you give us the information we want.”
“I swear I don’t have any information. I don’t know who you’re looking for.”
Wiz walked away. The Nazi son of a bitch. And there was nothing, nothing Hyde could do about it but pound the desk with his free hand. He almost wished he had been guilty of something. At least he’d know there was justification for being hauled down here. Twice now the detectives had broken into his apartment, looking for someone, they wouldn’t say who, probably because they didn’t know. Both times it had been after he’d had one of his spells, his “panic attacks.” Wait a minute, could there be some relationship? What was it Ram had said? These panic attacks were times he was undergoing some kind of transformation. He remembered the rat. After Patel had injected it with an extract of the grass, it had changed from a meek white rat to a vicious black one. Could that be what had happened to him? He had to talk to Ram. He yelled for the detective.
Wiz came back to the desk. “Ready to talk?”
“I want to make a phone call.”
“You already had your phone call.”
“Look, I’m entitled to a phone call from the police station. Check your manual.” Hyde had pulled that one out of the air. He hoped the detective wouldn’t check.
Wiz shook his head. “Goddam jailhouse lawyer.”  He pushed the phone across the desk so Hyde could reach it.
“I need a phonebook.”
Wiz shook his head. “Shit, you’re a real pain in the ass.” He opened a drawer, took out a phonebook  and tossed it on the desk. 
Hyde could just reach it with his free hand. He wasn’t sure how Ram spelled his name, tried several combinations without success. He finally remembered the name of the industrial clinic and placed the call. When at last Ram came on the line, Hyde said, “Dr. Ram, I need your help.” He told him what had happened. “They keep asking me ‘Where is he?’ I don’t know who the hell they’re talking about. Could this have anything to do with, you know, that—uh, grass?” 
There was silence on the line for a few moments, Hyde wondered if he’d lost connection. Then, “You’re at Central Police Station? Stay there, I’ll be down shortly.”
Stay there. Hyde let out a short laugh.

 
TWENTY-TWO
Dr. Ram said, “You don’t remember me telling you this morning that Patel has created a chemical that blocks the transformation from a white, docile rat to a black rat that is violently aggressive?”
Hyde said, ”Look, I didn’t even talk to you this morning.”
  Ram contemplated the stained ceiling of the interrogation room at Central Police Station where he sat across the scarred table from Hyde. The detectives had let them use the room so they could talk. It was similar to the other half dozen interrogation rooms in which Hyde had been a guest during his lifetime. Steel mesh covering the window, green walls, table and five wooden chairs and the odor of stale smoke. A door at one end of the room was marked “Janitor.” A door at the end from which they had entered, led to the large hall-like room divided into cubicles where the detectives sat pounding away at computer keyboards. When the detective led them into the interrogation room, Wiz had taken Hyde’s handcuffs off but told him, “Try to make a break, you dog. I’d love some excuse to put a .38 slug in your head.” 
Now Hyde, leaning across the table toward Ram, went on. “I tried to reach you last night. I was busy at work when I got your message. When I called, you had already left.”
“Well, somebody called me this morning, said he was Eddie Hyde, calling from near Painesville.”
“Painesville! I was nowhere near Painesville. Somebody’s using my name.”
Ram drummed the table. “Strange. Very strange, indeed.” He smiled. “I think I have the explanation. As I told you—or whoever it was that said he was you—I think your so-called panic attacks are times when you are undergoing a physical and psychological transformation. In other words, you are becoming someone else. A chemical in that plant causes a change in your body and mind.”
“You mean like the white rat becoming a black rat?”
“Exactly.”
“And it would make me would want to chew on tires?”
Ram laughed. “Not quite.” His face became serious “But your behavior could be violent You could do things you’d never dream of doing otherwise.”
This sounded like something out of a horror movie. Hyde wondered if the guy was making all this up. But why would he? “Okay. If what you say is true, why don’t I remember changing into this other person?”
“I’m not sure why, but I suspect that the change in your psyche affects your memory of all that occurs when you are your other self. For simplicity, let us call your other self Jekyll.” He thought for a moment. “But, since Jekyll knew that I had left a message for Hyde, the memory loss does not work the other way. That is, Jekyll knows what Hyde has done.”
He, Hyde, was also Jekyll? He didn’t know what Jekyll did, but Jekyll knew what he did? Hyde’s head was swimming. The room was swimming. The room was spinning. Ram’s face was a big multicolored ball. His mouth was moving up, down, sideways until it all—Ram, the room—disappeared from his view.

Dr.Jake Kell sat gazing at Ram who was holding his hands to his face, staring at him over the tips of his fingers. His complexion had gone from dark to the color of dirty ashes. His lips moved and the sound that emerged was a whisper. “My God.” He tried to stand but fell back into his chair. His turban tilted down so it covered his eyes. He pushed it up with trembling fingers. “My God,” he repeated. “I’m seeing—.” 
The silly sonofabitch was seeing Kell, that’s who. In a police station. With a sketch of his face under big type that read “WANTED” posted all over the place. Trouble. This was big time, serious trouble. “Okay, doc. What do we do now?”
Ram shook his head and turned up his palms.
Kell said, “I’ll tell you what I’m going to do. I’m walking out of here.”
Ram said, “No, no. You can’t walk out. You’re in my custody. Technically, you’re a prisoner.”
Kell pulled up his trousers that had slid down and held them up with one hand while he grabbed Ram by the shirtfront. “Don’t give me any technical bullshit. I’m walking.” 
Pushing Ram down in his chair he said, “Listen, you’re not gonna get hurt unless you start acting like a hero, understand?”
Ram nodded and offered no resistance while he whipped the doctor’s belt off and strapped him to the chair pinning his arms at his sides and buckling it tightly behind the chair back. He reached into Ram’s back pocket, yanked a handkerchief out and tied it around his mouth. Bending down, he spoke into Ram’s ear, “Just tell them I overpowered you. Talk to you later, Doc.” 
The door was unlocked. He opened it and glanced around. All the detectives in the large room were busy typing at their desks, or standing around a coffee urn, talking and sipping coffee. He strode out of the interrogation room into the large area divided into cubicles where detectives had their desks.
“Hey.” 
Kell turned toward the voice. It was Wiz, the detective. He was seated at his desk across the room, and Kell hoped he would not recognize him as the sketched face on the posters.
“Where’s Hyde?”
Kell pointed to the interrogation room. “In there with the doctor.”
“Who’re you?”
Kell had to think fast. With the clatter of all the computers and printers, people coming in and going out, walking around the room, he hoped Wiz wouldn’t have noticed if someone had come in. “I’m chauffeuring the doctor. I just came up a few minutes ago to find out how long they’d be.” 
Wiz nodded. “How much longer they gonna be?”
Kell shrugged. “Fifteen, twenty minutes.” He skipped out of the room, down the steps and out the front door of the police station.

 
TWENTY-THREE
Dr. Jake Kell shuffled along in line with the bums at the Salvation Army soup kitchen. He was sure he looked no different from the derelicts as he held out his metal tray, watched the guy in a white apron spoon out oatmeal, moved ahead to have a woman pile on some scrambled eggs and bacon strips. At the end of the line, someone slapped a slice of bread on the tray. He took it to a long table and sat on the wooden bench between two winos bent over their food, their noses inches from their trays, shoveling scrambled eggs into their mouths accompanied by a chorus of slurps. 
He had spent the night in the Salvation Army shelter rather than take a chance on returning to the Excelsior. His two-day stubble of beard, he hoped, would partially disguise him. Now he was not only a fugitive as Kell, but also as Hyde. 
After breakfast, he walked aimlessly along side streets trying to decide a course of action. He could get into the Ford that sat in the Excelsior parking lot and just drive away. The money in the canvas sack he had taken from Cruz. would last him at least a month or two. He was still in Hyde’s clothes, oversized for him, but a minor problem. Looking like a bum he couldn’t walk into a decent store and shop, but there were plenty of second-hand clothing stores. In fact, there was one just ahead on Huron Street. Although it was Sunday, he knew that most of the stores in this run-down section where the proprietors scrounged for a buck, were open. 
Kell strolled into Second Hand Sam’s and twenty minutes later walked out wearing a pair of tan chinos and a denim shirt, carrying a paper bag containing Hyde clothes. He glanced at the store window of the shop next door. The sign read: 
“Poor Yorick 
Costumes and Costume Rentals”
Maybe he had a solution to his problem. Maybe he didn’t have to run off after all. A bell over the door tinkled as he walked in and a smiling dark-complexioned man greeted him. “Morning, sir. How can I help?” 
“I need some stuff for a play. Wig, mustache, like that.”
“Props?”
“Yeah, props.”
Fifteen minutes later, Kell walked out carrying a second bag and a cane. He hurried to the Sheraton Hotel and in the men’s room closed himself in a stall. No one would suspect that the white-haired gentleman with the white mustache who limped out of the Sheraton lobby supporting himself on a cane and carrying a shopping bag, was other than someone’s elderly father or grandfather. 
Because of the limp, he had to walked slowly to cover the four blocks to the Excelsior. The desk clerk was someone he hadn’t seen before. He said, “I’m Edward Hyde’s father. I’m to meet him in his apartment. I have a key. I suppose it’s all right to go on up.”
The clerk said, “Certainly, Mr. Hyde. It’s on the third floor. Do you want me to go up with you?”
“Oh, no. I’ve been there before. I know where it is.”
The clerk glanced at the cane. “Be careful as you walk to the elevator.” He pointed to the frayed carpet. “Watch out for the rug.”
Safe in the apartment once again, Kell took off the wig and mustache that had tickled his nose. He stripped and languished in a hot tub, washing off the grime that had accumulated in the Salvation Army fleabag, sipping from a can of Bud. He wondered what the detectives would do when they discovered Hyde had skipped. It wasn’t likely they’d come here looking for him, they’d never figure he was stupid enough to hide out in his own apartment. As much as he enjoyed the freedom he had as Kell, the danger was too great; with all the publicity, everyone would be looking for him. Two problems: first, he had to exonerate Hyde in order to provide a safe haven, and second, he had to get the chemical Patel had made to keep Hyde from slipping into Kell’s skin and head. He lay back in the warm water, thinking, rejecting plan after plan until he ran out of ideas 
Kell got out of the tub, toweled himself dry and wrapping the towel around his waist, he foraged for something to eat in the refrigerator. He scraped mold off a few slices of Swiss cheese and bread and in a frying pan, made a grilled cheese sandwich. While he retrieved the last can of Bud in the six-pack, he noticed the stack of chocolate chip cookies that remained in the plate on the refrigerator shelf. He’d eaten only six of the forty-eight. Wait a minute. Maybe his flight to freedom could be accomplished after all.  

 
TWENTY-FOUR
Dr. Jake Kell, back in his old man get-up, limped to the elevated desk at Central Police Station, and leaning on his cane, gazed up at the lobster-faced desk sergeant. He scratched his nose where the white mustache tickled. Wearing Hyde’s clothing, he knew he must look like someone who either had lost a lot of weight or had inherited his clothes from someone four sizes larger. He couldn’t tell whether the policeman’s look was one of amusement or pity, but after staring at him in silence for a few seconds, he said, “What can I do for you, Pop?”
“Someone broke into my apartment while I was out this evening.”
The desk sergeant pointed to a stairway. “Robbery-Homicide. One flight up.” He glanced down at Kell’s cane. “Better take the elevator down the hall, gramps” 
In the second floor hallway, he read the names on the doors. Robbery-Homicide was the room he’d been in yesterday. Good. Things were humming right along. He shuffled into the large room, divided into cubicles, weaving past the desks at which detectives were banging away at computers, or questioning people who sat opposite them. No one paid any attention to him. The door to the interrogation room was closed He stood next to the door, preparing to open it when he heard voices from inside the room. Shit.
He hobbled to an unoccupied cubicle nearby, and sat on the chair alongside the desk, leaning his chin on his cane. From the corner of his vision, he watched the interrogation room door, and waited.
 No one approached him. Robbery-Homicide. Great name for this place. He bet he could walk off with a computer or drive a shank into someone’s side without anybody noticing. Maybe he ought to write a letter to the mayor, tell him how lax thing were at Central Police Station. He wondered how long it had taken yesterday for the detectives to discover that Hyde had skipped. 
Fifteen minutes after he sat down, the knob of the interrogation room door turned. He got up from his chair, doddered on his cane to a water cooler and watched as three people walked out of the room: two detectives and a citizen in a five-hundred-dollar business suit. Got to be a lawyer. He limped to the room, now empty, and after glancing to either side, reassuring himself that no one was looking his way, he slipped inside closing the door behind him.
He hurried to the door marked “Janitor.” Its lock was no match for his penknife; he had the door open in less than a minute. The closet was crowded with mops, brooms, pails, and its walls were lined with shelves but there was enough room so he could squeeze in and even move around a little if he was careful not to knock anything over. He closed the door, heard the lock snap in place. Enough light seeped in from under the door so that when his sight accommodated to the dark he could make out the shapes of the brooms and mops and a large trash bin. Judging by the lemony odor that permeated the closet, the cans and bottles on the shelves probably contained cleaning solutions. He yanked off the wig and mustache, stuffed them under a pile of waste paper and rags at the bottom of the trash bin. Next into the bin went the cane after he had snapped it into three pieces. This was going real smooth. He bent to move a pail out of the way so he’d have room to move around, and when he straightened up something cracked him on the head, flashes of light appeared before his eyes, and he slid to the floor stunned. Pain erupted over his right eye and it took a moment before he realized his head had hit something. He reached up, felt the sharp edge of a protruding shelf.
When the pain and shock had worn off, he started emptying his pockets. Squatting on the floor, he lined up the objects in front of him so he could feel them in the dark: a roll of duct tape, a handkerchief, cookies. Half dozen chocolate chip cookies. 
Let’s see. It was about eleven Sunday evening. If the cleaning crew worked like everyone else in this dump, he might not be disturbed until noon tomorrow. He rested his head back against a mop, folded his hands on his belly and closed his eyes. He had until tomorrow morning to carry out his plan. Tomorrow morning the detectives would discover that Hyde hadn’t escaped after all.

Hyde thought he had gone blind. Blackness. What was that peculiar smell? Pinesol? He tried to move, but found his hands were tied behind his back, his feet were bound and something was tied across his mouth. And he had a headache, a throbbing in his forehead over his right eye.
He tried to yell but his cries were muffled by the cloth over his mouth. He squirmed on his behind to a thin shaft of light at floor level, and bringing his knees up, kicked against something that seemed as though it might be a door. 
He had kicked for what seemed about three minutes when the doorknob rattled and a voice on the other side of the door said, “It’s locked. Who’s got a key?”
Thank God someone heard him. He wondered where he was. The voice at the door said, “Who’s in there?”
He tried to answer but all that came out through the binding over his mouth was something that sounded like, “Mmfff.”
Then, “Okay, hang in there. Someone’s gone for a key.”
If it’d been him on the other side, he could have picked the lock, save time.
Finally, he heard the key scratching the lock and the door flew open. The light hurt his eyes; it took a few moments before he could focus. A man’s face appeared in his vision. Hyde felt the cloth over his mouth being unfastened. He was still seated on the floor, and the man, who he could now see was in shirtsleeves and wore over his shoulders a leather harness and holster, swiveled him around. “I’ll get your hands freed. This may hurt.” 
He heard ripping and felt skin and hair pulled from his hands and wrists. The guy was right: it hurt. 
The man said, “Duct tape. Christ they left the rest of the roll on, didn’t even bother to cut it off. ”
Hyde rubbed his hands and wrists while his rescuer unwound duct tape from around his ankles. Gazing around, the room looked familiar. Suddenly, he knew. The interrogation room. The police station. The guy pulling the tape from his legs was a detective. He helped Hyde to his feet then peered into his face. “Who the hell are you and how did you get in the closet?”
“I’m Eddie Hyde. I have no idea how I got in there.” Standing, he was woozy, steadied himself with a hand against the wall. He put his hand to where his head hurt. and felt a tender lump. He gazed around. Three or four people were standing around looking at him. None of them looked familiar. He turned to the one who’d pulled him up. ”Who’re you?”
“I’m Detective Hart. You’re in Robbery-Homicide at Central.” He examined Hyde’s head. “Quite a mouse. You must have been knocked out. Guess we’d better have someone take a look at you. Any idea how long you’ve been in there?”
“What’s today?”
“Monday.”
“Since Saturday. Last thing I remember, I was sitting here with Dr. Ram, he’s an Indian guy.” He scanned the room. “I don’t see him.”
Detective Hart said, “Yeah. Whoever did you, did him too. We been looking for you. Never thought to look in the closet. Wisnewski kept insisting you were the one took out the doctor then breezed outta here. Let me see if I can find Wisnewski or McConnell. This is their squeal. Hope you can give them a better description of the perp than the doctor did.” He turned to one of the men. “Keep an eye on him, Tommy. If this guy’s been out that long he’s probably had a concussion.” 
The others who had been standing around drifted off. Tommy pointed to a chair next to the table. “Better have a seat.” 
Hyde touched the tender spot on his head and examined a spot of blood on his finger.
Tommy said, “I wouldn’t fool around with that thing. You’ll get it infected.” 
Hyde said, “What did he mean someone ‘did him too’?”
“Someone tied the Indian doctor up to a chair. The same person must have slugged you, tied you up and stuffed you in the closet.”
“What ‘person’? There was just me and him in the room.”
Tommy smiled. “Then we’ve got ghosts in this building.” He brushed Hyde’s shirt. “What’d you do, bring your lunch with you in there. You’ve got crumbs all over the front of your shirt.”
“Yeah, with my hands tied behind my back I’m eating. How the hell do I know how they got there?”
Hart came back. “Both Wiz and Mac are out on a call. I’ll phone your doctor friend, ask him to examine you. Dangerous to go wandering around after a concussion. Do you know the doctor’s number?”
“No, but he’s at the St. Clair Industrial Clinic.”
“Yeah, I know the place. I’ll see if he can send someone for you, otherwise we’ll have someone run you over there.”
Hyde couldn’t believe it. These guys seemed concerned about him. Yesterday, or whenever it was, he was worried they’d toss him in the can. 
A man dressed in a dark suit walked into the room. Hart said, “Mr. Hyde meet Garth Langer, the city attorney. His office is upstairs. I asked him to come down and talk to you.”
Langer smiled, stuck out his hand. “How do you do Mr. Hyde. I just heard of the assault. We’re not sure just how it happened, but you can be sure we’ll conduct a thorough investigation. In the meantime, we’ll see that your needs are taken care of, and don’t worry about any expense that may be involved, the city will see that any bills incurred are paid. Anything you need at the moment?”
The guy sounded like he was worried Hyde was going to sue the city. What a switch.
“Yeah. I’d like a drink of something. And I can’t remember when I ate last.”
Langer snapped his fingers at Tommy. “Get this man something to eat and drink.”

 
TWENTY-FIVE
Dr. Ram said, “Even though I saw it with my own eyes, I could hardly believe it. One minute you, Eddie, sat across the table and the next, you had turned into a shorter, older person who tied me up and walked out of the police station.”
Hyde had been chauffeured by police car to Ram’s office and was seated next to the doctor’s desk said, “Yeah, sure.” He wondered what this guy was smoking.
“It was just like the rat Patel showed us.”
“Okay, then how did I get back to the police station and into the janitor’s closet? How about that?” 
Ram turned up his palms. “All I can tell you is that you—rather your alter ego, is extremely resourceful.” He smiled. “I’m not sure how you—he—managed it, but it’s a relief to know that now the police consider you a victim rather than a suspect.” Ram twirled the curls of his beard. “Something else puzzles me. The transformation in the police station occurred spontaneously, without use of the marijuana. That means that your two personalities are precariously balanced, can switch from one to the other rather easily.” Ram walked to the window, gazed out with his hands clasped behind his back. He seemed to be trying to putting together his thoughts. He turned back to Hyde. “Tell me, are your ‘panic attacks’ coming on with greater frequency now than when they first started? I call them panic attacks but I’m certain they represent times when you change from yourself, Hyde, to this other person.”
Hyde had to think. “Let me see, the first one happened after I smoked that pot. The next one came a few days later, also after I smoked a reefer. Then, I got sick a couple of days later when I was talking to Sam DiLucia in the restaurant. That one, Jesus, I was eating a BLT at the time. Hey, could it’ve been the sandwich?”
Ram shook his head. “No, Eddie. It wasn’t anything you ate. That other personality lives close to your real self—the one that’s sitting here talking to me. Once it had been released by the schizoprotein in that smoke, the other personality was free to pop out. It apparently didn’t need the chemical. I don’t quite understand what stimulus causes the change to occur. Perhaps it is operating on a timetable or the build-up of pressures inside you, somewhat like the eruption of an underground geyser.”
Hey, this guy was really serious. Hyde decided to go along with him. “Yeah. I haven’t touched a reefer since that second one, and I’ve had, I forget how many of those attacks. And, you know, they do seem to be coming on more often.” A thought suddenly came to him. “Wait a minute. Someone has been smoking the weed. I made three joints and they’ve all disappeared. In fact, I remember waking up after these spells and found the roaches, the butts, on the floor.”
Ram jumped up from his chair. “Ah, that means that your other personality requires the schizoprotein to make the change back to you. My, my this is most interesting.” He walked around his desk and started pacing the room, mumbling to himself.
Hyde watched him for a few moments. Maybe interesting to this guy, but to him it was getting scary. If what Ram said was for real, would it mean he’d change over and not be able to get back to himself?  “Christ, Doc, you gotta do something to keep these damn attacks from taking over. How about that stuff Patel made? You said it works on the rat to keep the white one from changing to the black one. Come on. This is getting serious.” 
Ram slowly nodded. He stroked his beard. “Yes, yes. The same thought has occurred to me. Give me a moment to think, Eddie.” He looked up. “You have no more of that particular plant, have you?”
“Nah. It’s gone. I threw it away. I wanted no more of that shit, if you’ll excuse the language.” He suddenly remembered the cookies. “Hey, wait. I put some in a bunch of chocolate chip cookies I baked. I think they’re still in the refrigerator. I don’t suppose there’s any way of getting the stuff out of—.”  
“Wait. You baked marijuana into the cookies?”
“Yeah. I remembered when I was in the joint, the girl friend of one of the guys brought in a cake with—.”
“Alice B. Toklas brownies.”
“No, her name wasn’t Alice. It was—.”
Ram threw his hands in the air, his fists were clenched. He looked like a football referee signaling a touchdown. “Brilliant! Magnificent! Of course, it doesn’t have to be parenteral. I should have thought of that.”
“What? Baking cookies?” Hyde wondered what his parents had to do with all this.
“No, no, no. Now this is important. I want you to try to remember as precisely as you can when each panic attack occurred.”
Hyde thought for a few moments. “Well, I already told you about the ones that came after I toked on the grass. Then they started coming on out of the blue. Like the time I was talking to Sam DiLucia in the restaurant.”
“Yes. The spontaneous attacks are the ones I’m particularly interested in.”
“Okay. I must have had a couple in my sleep because I’d wake up in a different place and find a roach burning, and I know I didn’t smoke it while I was awake.” He told him about the others and the approximate times as well as he could recall. 
Ram scribbled notes, wrote down some figures then peered at the paper. He mumbled to the sheet of paper. “Hm.” He looked up. “Eddie, I don’t mean to alarm you, but this may be more serious than either of us can imagine.”
Hyde felt the blood leave his face. “Give it to me straight, Doc. I ain’t afraid to die. How long have I got?”
Ram brushed the air. “No, no. You’re not in danger of dying—at least not in the sense you’re referring to.” He hesitated a moment. “Well, actually one of you will die, so to speak. We’ve got to be sure it’s the right one.”
 One of you will die? This guy seemed to be losing it. “One of who?”
Ram didn’t answer. He was staring at the notes he’d made. “There’s a progression here I’m not a mathematician, but I calculate you will have another spontaneous attack sometime around one o’clock—.” He glanced at his watch. “ Oh my. Come with me. We haven’t a moment to waste.” He threw off his white coat, grabbed a suit jacket out of a closet and ran to the door. Over his shoulder he shouted to the receptionist, “I’m going out for a short while. Emergency.” He beckoned to Hyde who was trying to keep up with him, “Come, come. Can’t you move faster than that?” 

 
TWENTY-SIX
Eddie Hyde flopped into a chair alongside Patel’s desk. He was out of breath trying to keep up with Ram who had dashed up the steps of the University Laboratory Building, and now was pacing the floor of Patel’s tiny office. Every few seconds he pulled back his sleeve and glanced at his watch.
“Ten minutes to one. I do wish Patel would hurry back from lunch.”
He lit a Bunsen burner, and over the flame placed, on a small metal tripod, a glass flask he had filled with water from the sink.
Hyde was trying to make some sense from what Ram had said while he drove them to University Circle. “Doc, didn’t you tell me you couldn’t give me Patel’s blocking medicine? That it was against some screwy university rules, and also it was not approved by the government?”
“No. I told you I couldn’t give you an injection of the blocking agent. If you should, by chance, get hold of the chemical and decide to pour some on, for example, a sugar cube that was just lying around—no, you’d have to soak two cubes of sugar with it to be sure you got enough—well, it would be your own choice, wouldn’t it? I certainly couldn’t condone such an action, and if I were in the room I would forbid you to take it.”
“You mean if I soaked two sugar cubes in that stuff and ate it…?”
At that moment the door opened and Patel strolled in, picking morsels of food from his lips. His brows shot up when he saw them. “My goodness. What are you chaps doing here?”
Ram brushed the air. “Quickly, Vee. Where is that blocking agent you prepared?”
Patel appeared puzzled.
“The chemical you prepared to block the action of the schizoprotein,” said Ram 
“Oh, that.” He opened a small refrigerator in the corner of the room and rummaged around. “It’s somewhere in here—ah, here it is.” He held up a vial containing a clear liquid.
Ram snatched it from his hand. “Excellent. Now, be a good chap and fetch me a bag of tea and two cups and some sugar.”
Patel’s head came up sharply. “Now really, old man. Tea? Blocking agent? What in hell is going on?”
“I know you’ve got tea here. What kind of gentleman doesn’t have a cup of it every afternoon?”
“Of course I’ve got tea. But do you have to come bursting in demanding it? This just isn’t like you.”
Ram smiled. “Sorry to be so brusque. If you’ll just get Eddie and me each a cup—two lumps, no milk I’ll explain later. Oh, and I’ve already got the water boiling.” He pointed to the flask.
Patel, his head shaking reached into a cupboard back of his desk and brought out a box of tea bags, a box of lump sugar and two cups. 
Ram carefully stood the vial in a test tube rack. While bent over the rack, he turned his head slightly toward Hyde who watched him. Ram surreptiously pointed to the vial and winked. Hyde caught the signal, but Patel was occupied with placing the tea and cups on a table behind Ram.
Ram straightened up, brushed his hands together.  “Now for some tea.” He poured the boiling water into the cups, placed a teabag in each. He took Patel’s elbow, guided him to the door. “Vee, while the tea is steeping, I’d like you to show me ‘round the laboratory.” The way he said it, sounded like lab-or-atory. He spoke to Hyde over his shoulder. “Eddie why don’t you wait here and have your tea.” While Patel spluttered, asking what the hell was going on, Ram pushed him out the door and closed it as the clock on the tower of Adelbert Hall tolled one o’clock.
Hyde stood looking at the door for half a minute. Ram had given him the choice and the opportunity of taking the stuff he called a blocking agent. Questions burned in his mind. Ram had said the rats survived after taking the medicine. But he had no way of knowing what effect it had on humans. What if he took it and it killed him? On the other hand, if he didn’t take it, would he be locked in the body and mind of a violent nut case the rest of his life? He took a deep breath, placed two cubes of sugar on a spoon and laid it on the desk. His hands began to shake as he removed the vial of Patel’s blocking chemical from the rack, uncorked it and poured the liquid into the spoon until the sugar cubes were soaked. Only the cubes weren’t sitting in the spoon. They were bouncing, jumping. Now the spoon was pulsating, vibrating. Hyde started tilting, had trouble staying on his feet. Or was it the room that was tilting? Oh Lord. It was happening again. Hurry. He grabbed the spoon and struggled to get it to his face. It hit his cheek. Where was his mouth? Where the hell was his mouth? 
The spoon fell from his fingers, the sugar cubes floating to the floor. Tried to catch them but he just clawed at air. He caught sight of his fingers. Shrinking. Got to hurry. He got on his hands and knees, felt around the floor until he had the sugar. The room whirled and he had to hold the table leg to keep from falling over. Cubes were crumbling in his fingers He shoved the sugar into his mouth, licked his fingers to get all of it, and tasted the sweetness as he chewed and swallowed. His stomach was pumping everything back up into his mouth. Oh shit. Must not puke. Got to keep it down. He pressed his lips together, filled his lungs with air. He tasted the sugar as it started to come back up and he squeezed his eyes shut, clamped his lips as tightly as he could, and swallowed hard. Another deep breath. Gradually, the sick feeling stopped, the spinning room was settling. He gazed at his hands. At his fingers.

 
TWENTY-SEVEN
Ms. Gates was looking even prettier than usual in her striped orange and black blouse, a strand of pearls around her neck. When she finger-combed her long brown hair, Hyde could almost feel the soft locks in his own hands. “Eddie, you’re certainly looking happy today. How long is it now you’ve been out?”
“Eight months.” He hadn’t given it much thought lately, but he couldn’t recall having been out of trouble for that long a stretch in years. It had been over six months since he’d had the last of those panic attacks. Patel’s medicine must have worked. And just this morning on his way to see Ms. Gates, he noticed that the Ford was no longer in the hotel parking lot. Someone must have boosted it. The lot was unattended so that wasn’t too unusual. Good riddance. Except for that one time he’d followed Lucy Gates to her apartment building to see where she lived, he hadn’t driven it. Lucky he’d thought to take out the fake registration papers with his name on it that Risuto had kited. 
Risuto. Poor schnook was back in stir. Be a long, long time until he’d be offering Hyde one of his nutty schemes.
Lucy Gates was saying, “I’ve enjoyed our Friday sessions, Eddie.” She lowered her eyes, “I’m going to miss them,” Then, brightly. “But I think it’s wonderful that you’re getting the opportunity to become a manager.”
Oh, Lucy, you won’t miss me half as much as I’ll miss you. “That’s awfully kind of you to say, Ms. Gates. And you can never tell, after I finish managerial school, I may be assigned to a restaurant around here.”
“Well, if you are, be sure to stop in and say hello.”
You can be sure of that.
She cleared her throat, brushed a stray lock of hair from her face and glanced down at his file lying open on her desk. “I have some good news for you.” She brought her head up, beaming at him with a broad smile. “Your probation period has been suspended so you won’t have to report any more.”
They lopped off the last four months of his probationary sentence. Free at last. He felt like jumping across the desk and hugging her. “That’s—that’s wonderful. I’m sure you had something to do with it.”
“No, Eddie. It was your doing. I made the recommendation, of course, but only because you earned my confidence and that of the probation board.” 
This was almost too much for one week: hearing that he’d been approved for managerial school and now learning of this.
Lucy Gates closed the file. She stood and held out her hand. “Good luck Eddie.”
He took her warm, soft hand in his and covered it with his other hand. He had debated whether to ask, but now, gazing into her clear green-brown eyes, he knew if he let the opportunity pass, he would live the rest of his life regretting it. “Ms. Gates, remember way back when I said if I had someone as nice as you to ask out, I would?”
She blushed, her gaze dropping to the desk, nodded. “I remember.”
“And you said it was against policy to socialize with your parolees?”
“That’s right.”
“Well, I’ve got a lot to celebrate, and since I’m no longer your parolee, would you have dinner with me tonight?”
She brought her head up and he thought her eyes were moist. “Thank you, Eddie. I can think of nothing I’d like more.” 


About the Author
Barry Friedman, M.D. is a retired orthopaedic surgeon. In his retirement, in addition to HYDE, he has published eight novels: DEAD END, a police procedural; ASSIGNMENT: BOSNIA, a thriller based on the recent war in the Balkans; THE SHROUD, a novel in which an Interpol detective deals with an attempt to clone Jesus with blood obtained from the Shroud of Turin; PRESCRIPTION FOR DEATH, a medical suspense thriller set in 1931, in which a young physician is caught up in an insurance scam; SLEEPER, where a child’s coma baffles her doctors; MAX, an alien who leads a so-so professional football team to the Super Bowl; FRACTURE, in which an orthopaedic surgeon discovers a substance which will revolutionize fracture treatment; and THE OLD FOLKS AT HOME; WAREHOUSE THEM OR LEAVE THEM ON THE ICE FLOE. He has co-authored two non-fiction books: THE SHORT LIFE OF A VALIANT SHIP: USS MEREDITH (DD434), and THAT'S LIFE: IT'S SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED AND TERMINAL 
Friedman and his wife Sue live in San Diego. 
