

General Well’ngone In Love
A Jewish Regency Mystery Story


LIBI ASTAIRE


ASTER PRESS

First published 2014
Copyright © 2014 Libi Astaire
Cover photo: Copyright Refat/ Shutterstock.com

All rights reserved. 
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Published by:
Aster Press
Kansas-Jerusalem
asterpressbooks@gmail.com


CONTENTS

General Well’ngone In Love
Excerpt: Tempest in the Tea Room
About the Author



General Well’ngone In Love

It was a cold day made even colder by the gloomy event that had brought them all to the old Jewish cemetery on Alderney Road. Mendel Krinkle had died as he had lived, quietly and without complaint. He would have been mortified by the bother his funeral was causing. But it was not his fault that he had died in the early days of the month of February in the year 1814, when a Great Frost had settled upon London, the likes of which had not been seen since the times of England’s Merry Monarch, King Charles II. 
The cold had frozen the River Thames into a solid block of ice, and Mr. Samuel Lyon, clockmaker to the fashionable world and a member of London’s Jewish community, felt like a block of ice himself as he stood shivering next to the open grave, where the lifeless body of Mendel Krinkle was reposing in its final resting place. 
“It is not his fault,” Mr. Lyon muttered under his breath, which made wispy streaks in the air the moment it escaped from between his chattering lips. “A man does not choose the moment when he will die.”
Still, Mr. Lyon could not but hope that the prayers would be over soon, so that he and the other mourners could return to the cheerful fires burning in their respective homes. That sentiment was silently seconded by the pair of gravediggers who were standing off to the side, stamping their feet and blowing on their hands to keep warm, even though the fires burning in their homes would make a much smaller blaze.
Meanwhile, Mr. Ezra Melamed, a wealthy widower and one of the Jewish community’s leaders, was helping a child walk to where a shovel was sitting next to a mound of dirt. The child, whose name was Berel and who was about ten years of age, was the only son of Mendel Krinkle and the only mourner at the funeral who was related to the deceased. Berel’s mother had passed away the previous year. Since it was the Jewish custom that young ladies did not go to the cemetery, his older sister, Sarah, was saying her prayers at home. 
Berel was trying to act like a grownup person, but the fierce cold had numbed his toes and the snow almost came up to his knees, which made it very difficult for him to walk. It would have been much easier if Mr. Melamed lifted the child and carried him over to where the shovel was waiting. But a child has his pride. And now Berel was an orphan, which gave him a special status in the community. Therefore, Mr. Melamed only lent the boy his arm when Berel stumbled. The others waited in patient silence.
At last, the child reached the shovel, but here there was yet another obstacle. Although freshly dug, the mound of earth had already grown hard in the frosty air. It therefore took Berel several attempts until he was able to break through the frozen barrier. But he persisted and when he had succeeded in filling the shovel with dirt he turned, carefully, and faced the open grave, with the shovel stretched out before him. He stood there for several moments, motionless except for the trembling that had seized his arms, fighting back the tears that threatened to overwhelm him. Then he turned the shovel and let the earth slide down into the void, where it landed with a hollow thud. 
The other mourners took the shovel in turn. When the plain wooden casket was covered with earth, they recited the final prayer, the special Kaddish recited at the side of the grave. Yisgadal, v’yiskadash sh’may rabah: May His great Name grow exalted and sanctified (Amen) in the world that He will create anew, where He will revive the dead, build His Temple, deliver life, and rebuild the city of Jerusalem ...

Sarah Krinkle knew she should be grateful—she could not remember when such a roaring fire had brightened the hearth and warmed their sitting room—but she was weary from all the fuss. She looked over to where Mrs. Miriam Baer, a member of the Jewish community’s burial society, was stirring a pot of soup and a flood of memories came back to her. Had it really been only a year since her mother had passed away? Mrs. Baer had come then as well, and prepared the grief-stricken family a meal on that first awful day. Now the Jewish matron was back, only now their father was dead, too. 
“I think I hear them,” said Mrs. Baer, turning her face toward the door. 
A moment later Berel entered the room, followed by Mr. Melamed. Mrs. Baer went to the shivering boy and led him to the fire. But when she began to peel off the child’s damp scarf and cap, Sarah rushed over and threw a protective arm about her younger brother.
“I am his mother now, if you please, Mrs. Baer. I will take care of Berel.”
Mrs. Baer wordlessly returned to her pot of soup. She was not hurt by the girl’s rebuke. Indeed, her kind heart nearly broke to see how Sarah, who was almost a child herself, fussed over her younger brother. 
Now that Berel had returned home, it was time to serve the two mourners the traditional first meal: a hardboiled egg, whose roundness symbolizes the cycle of life, and some bread. After that, there would be a proper meal, for Mrs. Baer had brought a chicken and potato kugel to go along with the vegetable soup simmering on the fire. She had also prepared a pot of strong tea, which she served at once to Mr. Melamed, who had drifted toward the fire to warm his hands.
After the children had consumed their mourners’ meal, Mr. Melamed took a seat near them. He did not like to bring up practicalities at such a distressing time, but the fact that the youngsters were now without father or mother complicated matters. Therefore, after expressing his condolences, he asked, “Miss Krinkle, have you and Berel any relatives in London, or elsewhere in England?”
“No, sir,” Sarah replied. “But we shall manage.” She then added, with a touch of defiance, “I am nearly fifteen.” 
“I am sure you are most capable, Miss Krinkle. But the running of a household requires money. There is rent to pay, as well as the butcher and the greengrocer.”
“And the Hebrew teacher for Berel and the annual dues for a seat at the Great Synagogue,” said Sarah. “You forget, sir, that my father was ill for several months, before he passed away. He taught me how to keep the household books.”
“And Sarah knows how to talk back to the butcher when he tries to overcharge us for a scrawny chicken,” added Berel. 
“Those are very valuable skills to have, I am sure,” said Mr. Melamed. “But how are you to live? Was your father able to put aside any money for your future?”
“The rent is paid until Nisan,” said Sarah, referring to the Jewish month when the Passover holiday occurs. She then cast a reassuring look in her brother’s direction. “We shall manage.”
“There is no need to worry about food for the week of mourning,” said Mrs. Baer. “I have seven families who are willing to bring food each day.”
“We shall manage,” said Sarah, a storm of bitter emotions welling up inside her. “We do not need the community’s help.”
“That may be, Miss Krinkle,” said Mr. Melamed, “but the community needs yours. It is a mitzvah to console mourners, and this commandment includes providing you and your brother with food during the shivah week. At least, allow us to do that.”
Sarah stared down at her plate. In truth, she was afraid. She longed to be taken care of, to collapse into the matronly arms of someone like Mrs. Baer and cry her heart out. But even greater than her fear of the future was her fear that her little family would be broken apart, that Berel would be moved to the Jewish orphanage and she would be sent to the home of some wealthy Jewish family to train to be a servant. She would not let that happen. Her parents may have been poor, but they had had dreams—and now she was the one who must take up those dreams and protect them until she was able to make them come true. 
But Mr. Melamed was right. Her father had said the same thing, after her mother died. A Jewish community needed to perform acts of kindness; otherwise, how could the community ask their Father in Heaven to perform acts of kindness for them? 
Sarah therefore said, “I apologize, Mrs. Baer. We shall be very grateful for the meals. Thank you for arranging them.” 

II.

“With my father’s compliments,” said Berel, placing the carefully wrapped sheets of paper on the solicitor’s desk.
Mr. Horace Barnstock eyed the package and then eyed the messenger with the same look that had made men five times Berel’s age tremble from head to foot. “Your father is dead, sir.”
Berel was prepared for this response. He knew that Mr. Barnstock was an abrupt man. Furthermore, two weeks had passed since his father’s funeral. He still missed his father, of course. But life was returning to its normal routine, which included a weekly visit to the office of Mr. Barnstock.
“Though my father can no longer be at your service, sir, the family hopes the arrangement we have with your establishment will continue.”
“I did not mind allowing your sister Sarah to do your father’s work while there was still hope that your father would regain his health,” said the solicitor, still keeping his stern eye upon the child. “Now the situation has changed.” 
When he saw that Berel did not flinch, Mr. Barnstock opened the package and closely examined the page that sat at the top of the pile, a copy of a will. He did not expect to find any errors, and he found none. Removing a coin from a drawer, which he pushed toward Berel, he said, “It is highly irregular to employ a girl as a copyist. But I suppose we can continue for a little longer.” The solicitor then turned his attention to the other papers on his desk.
“Begging your pardon, sir, this is not the correct amount.”
“It is the amount I am willing to pay for a girl’s work.”
“My sister sends her compliments, sir, and says you will not find as good a copyist anywhere in London. She therefore expects to receive the same amount that you paid our father, may his memory be for a blessing.”
Mr. Barnstock once again eyed the youngster standing on the other side of the desk, although this time with a more kindly eye. He thought it was a pity that Jews could not practice law in England. This child knew how to speak well and stand his ground in an argument. If he could have brought Berel in as an articled clerk, he could have made something of the boy.
The solicitor glanced toward the closed door, on the other side of which sat his own son. Arthur had turned out to be a disappointment. More interested in boxing matches and horse races than copying wills and deeds, Arthur’s work was sloppy and full of errors. That was why Mr. Barnstock had been forced to employ Mendel Krinkle, whose handwriting and attention to detail had been superb. 
It had been a great bother to Mr. Barnstock when his copyist became ill, and a great relief when the daughter took over the work. Eventually, he would find someone else, since it truly was most irregular to entrust legal documents to the hands of a child—and a girl, at that. But at the moment he was up to his ears in work, and who knew when he would find a copyist that could meet his stringent standards. Besides, no one knew that Sarah Krinkle was in his employ and no one need ever know. 
The solicitor put the rest of the money on the desk.  

Berel fairly danced through the streets as he made his way back to his home. Usually, when he was out on an errand his entire being was fixated upon all the fascinating sights that the streets of London had to offer—the tantalizing goods on display at the shops, the deft movements of the carriage drivers as they maneuvered their prancing horses around a sharp curve, the shouts of the street hawkers as they cried out their songs of fresh milk and new potatoes, sharp knives and old clothes, and a dozen other interesting things. He never tired of the noise and the crowds. He was too busy feeling exuberantly happy to be a part of this great and wondrous world. 
This day, however, his thoughts were on his little sitting room in Duke’s Street, where he knew that his sister Sarah was anxiously awaiting his return. He also knew that she would want to hear every detail of his interview with Mr. Barnstock, and he was determined not to disappoint her. Of course, he would skip over that moment when he had felt his knees knocking together from fear; much as he tried, he could not help but quake when Mr. Barnstock glared at him with those steely eyes. But oh how he would relish telling Sarah every word of the sharp replies he had given to the solicitor, culminating in that moment of triumph when ...
“Mr. Krinkle?”
Berel stopped. For a moment he thought that someone was speaking to his father. Then he realized that the person must be speaking to him, and he turned to see who it was. 
“Upon my word, it is Mr. Krinkle,” said a young person dressed in an oversized and over-patched military greatcoat that nearly dwarfed his somewhat undernourished frame. A bicorne hat that had also seen better days sat upon the boy’s head, which was now cocked to one side. “Allow me to express my condolences, sir, on the passing of your father. May you be comforted among all the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.”
“Thank you, General Well’ngone.” Berel cast a wary glance at his consoler, who was accompanied by a young boy also dressed in cast-off clothes. Berel knew who General Well’ngone was. Everyone knew that the General was the right-hand man of the Earl of Gravel Lane, a young Jewish man who headed a band of even younger Jewish thieves. Berel’s free hand, the one not holding the packet of legal papers, therefore went to his coat pocket, where the small pouch containing the money from the solicitor was stored. He had no intention of letting that money leave his possession and end up in the pocket of the General instead.
General Well’ngone noticed the gesture and sadly shook his head. “These are sorry times, Mr. Krinkle, if one orphan cannot express his sympathy to another, without his intentions being misunderstood.”
“My apologies, General,” replied Berel, still keeping his hand on his pocket. “I did not mean to offend.”
“Have you a moment, Mr. Krinkle? There is a matter I would like to discuss with you.”
Berel noticed that the General had moved to one side of him, while the child had sidled up to the other. It was difficult to keep a close watch on them both. “I am expected at home,” he replied, trying to move away from them.  
“Excellent,” said General Well’ngone, taking Berel by the arm. “We shall escort you.”
They began to walk, and Berel did his best to keep his hand on the pocket where his money was sitting. 
“London is no place for a man to be alone,” said the General. “You shall discover the truth of that, if you have not already.”
“I am not alone, General Well’ngone. I have my sister.”
“All the more reason why you must think of the future, Mr. Krinkle. A family man is a man with responsibilities, great responsibilities.”
“We shall manage,” said Berel, echoing the words that he had heard his sister say so many times.
“Of course, some boys might not mind living in the Jewish orphanage—little children who are too small to remember what it is to have a home of their own. However, someone like you, Mr. Krinkle, who has known the freedom of being able to come and go as he pleases, should find life in an orphanage somewhat confining, I should think.”
Berel glanced uneasily at his companion. “Have you heard something, General? They aren’t planning anything are they, Mr. Melamed and the others?”
“I am not in that gentleman’s confidence. I am only taking advantage of an opportunity. I saw you walking in the street, and I wished to do you a good turn. I therefore approached you, as you see. London is a city full of opportunities, if a person knows how to take advantage of them. Is that not so, Levy?”
The youngster who was accompanying them nodded his head. “Full of them.” 
“An orphan’s lot is a difficult one, but it does not have to be a miserable one,” the General continued. “The Earl of Gravel Lane is always on the lookout for young men with keen eyes and sharp wits. If you should ever find yourself in the neighborhood of Gravel Lane and would like to discuss this matter further, I am certain the Earl would be pleased to receive you.” 
The General looked up. At the top of a rather dilapidated building a window had been flung open. A young lady was glaring down at them, with her hands planted firmly on her hips. 
“Are you acquainted with that young person?” asked the General. 
“That’s Sarah, my sister.”
Sarah disappeared from the window.
“Does she always glare at people in that manner?”
“Only when she is very angry. I had better go.”
At that moment Sarah returned to the window, with a bucket in her hand.
“Berel! Come here this instant!” she shouted. “As for you, General Well’ngone, if I ever catch you talking to my brother again, you’ll get this bucket of slops on your head! Understand?!”
While Berel ran into the building, General Well’ngone instinctively raised his hand to his head, to protect his hat. Yet he did not move. Instead, he continued to stare at the young lady in the window.
“Go away! Now!”
His young companion, who did not wish to get drenched by the unsavory contents of the bucket, tugged at the General’s sleeve. “Let’s get out of here,” he pleaded. “She’ll do it. Look at her eyes.”
But that was the problem. The General was looking at the young lady’s eyes. He had fallen in love.

“Close the window, Sarah. I’m home.”
Sarah turned around and scowled at her younger brother. But she did put down the bucket, to Berel’s relief. 
“Do close the window, Sarah. You’re letting in all the cold air.”
Sarah took one last look down at the street. She made a face at General Well’ngone, who was still standing below, and then she slammed the window shut.
“Have you lost your senses, Berel? I thought you knew better than to associate with that band of thieves.”
“It wasn’t me who was associating. The General wanted to say his condolences. I could hardly stop him from doing that, could I?”
“What else did he want to say?” Sarah demanded.
Berel knew his sister was doing her best to keep them together in their own home. And perhaps he had been wrong to walk down the street with a well-known thief—if Mr. Melamed heard about that, he might very well be carted off to the orphanage. But Berel felt he was no longer a child who must report every word of a conversation to his older sister, and so he changed the subject by waving the package from the solicitor in front of Sarah’s eyes. “Wouldn’t you rather know what Mr. Barnstock had to say?” 
“Did you really do it?” she asked, while trying to grab the packet. “Did you convince him to give us more work?” 
Berel removed the little money pouch with his free hand and dangled that before his sister’s eyes as well. “And on the same terms!” 
“You are wonderful!” exclaimed Sarah, giving her brother a hug. “With work, we truly shall manage. Oh, Berel, I am so happy. And Mother and Father would have been so proud of you. Were you not even a little afraid?”
“Of course not,” he said, placing the package and the money on the table in what he hoped was a suitably indifferent manner. “Old sour face can’t scare me.” 
“We cannot call him that any longer. It is thanks to Mr. Barnstock that we will be able to stay here, and we must be grateful.” Sarah turned her attention to the packet of papers. “I think I shall begin work now, while there is still light.” 
However, before she could remove the ink and pen from the cupboard, there was a knock at the door.  
The visitor, whose name was Mrs. Hutner and who lived in the rooms below the Krinkles, did not wait to be invited inside. Her eye had seen the money pouch, and she walked straight over to it and dumped the contents onto the table.
“Just as I thought,” she said, turning to Berel. “I saw you with that young good-for-nothing, Berel Krinkle. If you think you can try their thieving tricks on Duke’s Street, you’ll be sorry.” She then turned her angry eye on Sarah and said, “This is a fine way for a Jewish girl to behave, with your father not even a month dead!”
The two young people watched in silence as the elderly woman stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind her.
“Shall we tell her the truth, Sarah?”
“We cannot. We promised Mr. Barnstock that no one would know that I am the one doing the copy work.”
“Do you think she will tell Mr. Melamed?”
“It is not Mr. Melamed that worries me. I only hope she will not tell a constable ...” 
Sarah went back to the window and gazed anxiously down at the street. To her relief, she did not see Mrs. Hutner or a constable or anything that looked like more than the usual activity. When she was satisfied that they were safe, at least for that evening, she returned to her brother and said, “Berel, please do not speak with General Well’ngone again, or any of his associates. Do not be taken in by their words. They do not mean you well.”
Berel raised himself to his full height, wishing that he could find a few more inches so he could look his sister in the eye. “What do you take me for, Sarah? I know better than to fall into one of General Well’ngone’s traps. Didn’t I bring home the money safe and sound?”
“Yes, you did. Father would have been proud of you for that, too.”
“Father would have been proud of you, too, Sarah. The way you told off the General was a glory. I don’t think he’ll dare come anywhere near Duke’s Street again.” 
 
III.
 
The Earl of Gravel Lane looked over at his second in command with disdain. “If I am boring you, General, pray do not let me keep you from your more important business.”
General Well’ngone awoke from his reverie with a start. “I was listening, Earl. The previous owner of this gold fob must have been a scientific gentleman on account of the seal’s having a half moon and three stars.”
The Earl picked up one of the half dozen gold fobs sitting upon the table. “This was the fob with the stars, General Well’ngone. I set it aside a good ten minutes ago. The one I have been discussing is of interest for quite a different reason.”
“I don’t see that it matters what sort of pictures the seals make. We’re going to unload them all, anyway.” 
The Earl gave a sigh. In his mind, he did not see himself as a common thief, an unwanted blight upon the pretty landscape of the beau monde, whose richly filled pockets provided both food and shelter for the Earl and his boys. Although he may have lifted his noble title from one of the poorest, sorriest streets in London—and though his threadbare coat and wig, which harked back to the previous century, had been lifted from the piles of cast-off clothing that even the old clothes men had no use for—the Earl liked to think that he had a gentleman’s sensibility. And so when it came to appreciating the watches and snuff boxes and seals that his boys brought back to him at the end of their day’s work in the streets of London, he considered himself on an equal footing with the gentlemen whose pockets had yielded up to him their treasures.
“True, General, but for the moment these pretty things are ours and so we should enjoy them.” The Earl picked up one of the less ornate fobs. “And if I am not mistaken, this fob has caught your fancy, though I cannot see why.”
General Well’ngone blushed. It was true. This one fob did hold him in its grip. To his eyes, the swirls and curves of its golden form suggested the shape of a certain person whose acquaintance he had recently made, a young lady with a proud head and arms placed defiantly upon her hips.
“It looks like the fishmonger’s wife,” said Saulty, another member of the band, who was also sitting in the room. “A real scold,” he added. 
“She’s not a scold! And she’s not ...” The General stopped in mid-sentence. The cynically raised eyebrows of the Earl struck him as fiercely as a blast of grapeshot from a Frenchman’s cannon.
“She?” inquired the Earl.
General Well’ngone stuck his hands into the pockets of his greatcoat and glared down at the tip of his faded black boot. 
The Earl of Gravel Lane motioned for Saulty to leave the room. When he and General Well’ngone were alone, he said, “You cannot keep a secret from me. Who is she?”
“Nobody. Just an ordinary girl.”
“If she were an ordinary girl, you would not have been thinking about her for the past quarter of an hour. Who is she?”
The General shifted uneasily in his seat. “Miss Sarah Krinkle.”
“The Miss Sarah Krinkle whose father died a few weeks ago?”
General Well’ngone nodded his head. 
“Where does she live?”
“Duke’s Street.”
“As of this hour, General Well’ngone, consider Duke’s Street to be enemy territory. You shall neither walk through there nor work there, until this folly has passed.”
The Earl paused and waited. “Those are orders, General Well’ngone.”
“Yes, sir,” replied the General, albeit reluctantly. 
“In our profession, a man has to keep his wits about him. When a love-sick laborer makes a slip up, he loses his job. When we get caught, we get a noose around our necks.”
The Earl made a gesture of being hanged on the gallows. In the past, the General would have laughed at his companion’s gruesome expression, certain that he and the others would always escape that grisly fate. Today, however, the game of successfully eluding the hangman seemed much less thrilling.

“You there, don’t you know how to properly shut a door? You’ve let in all the cold air. I cannot think why Mr. Barnstock puts up with you.”
Berel Krinkle cast a wary glance in the direction of the desk where Arthur Barnstock was sitting, before returning to the door and giving it a shove. He knew that the younger Mr. Barnstock did not like him, even though Berel was certain he had done nothing to offend the young clerk. 
“Is Mr. Barnstock available, sir?”
“No, he is not. Do you think he has nothing better to do than talk with messenger boys? There! See what you have made me do!”
Berel saw that the contents of a bottle of ink had spilled onto the pages scattered upon the desk, but he did not see what his presence had to do with the unfortunate occurrence. Still, he held his tongue. 
Arthur Barnstock angrily mopped up the ink with his handkerchief. When his eye again fell upon the boy, he became even angrier. “What are you grinning at?”
“I am not grinning, sir.”
“Do not contradict me. Give me that package and go away.”
“I shall be happy to go away, sir. But my instructions are to deliver these papers into the hands of Mr. Horace Barnstock, and no one else.”
“Impertinent little ...”
The clerk’s rant was brought to a halt by the opening of the door to his father’s private room. The solicitor and his client, Lord Liverwood, a round-faced gentleman whose face perpetually had the expression of a happy child, were standing in the doorway. 
“I shall attend to it at once, Lord Liverwood. Are you staying in London for a few days?”
Lord Liverwood’s attention was elsewhere. His stubby, bejeweled fingers were searching through his pockets for some object. “I cannot think where that fob seal of mine went to.” His eye fell upon Berel, and there was an uneasy silence for a moment.
“A man cannot walk from his house to the end of the street without some urchin reaching his hand into his pocket,” said Arthur Barnstock, also looking in Berel’s direction.
It took Berel all the restraint he could muster to refrain from talking back. But the situation was saved by Mr. Horace Barnstock escorting Lord Liverwood to the front door. When Lord Liverwood had left, the solicitor motioned for Berel to follow him into his room. 
“How quickly can your sister work?” he asked, while he wrote several lines upon a page. “Will you be able to bring back a clean copy of this tomorrow?”
“I know she will try, sir.”
“Good. Here’s a coin for a fresh candle. I will pay you for this document and the other work when you return.”

Berel was disappointed that he had not received the full amount, but he was not unduly worried. After all, what was one day? They were not starving, thank God. He stuffed the new work into his coat pocket and, after securely wrapping his scarf about his neck and pulling his cap low upon his forehead, turned in the direction of his home. He had not gone far when he saw some other boys running in the direction of the River Thames. When one of them stumbled and fell near his feet, he helped up the child. “What’s the rush?” he asked. “Is London on fire?”
“Fire? Didn’t you hear? The river’s frozen! There’s a Frost Fair going on.”
“What’s a Frost Fair?”
“How should I know? That’s what we’re running to see.”
The child scampered off. Berel knew he should continue walking towards home. But his feet seemed to have a mind of their own. They followed the boy, who was running after his friends, who were all running in the direction of that magical sounding thing, the Frost Fair.

General Well’ngone stepped gingerly upon the frozen surface. He supposed there was no danger of falling through the ice and sinking to the depths of the river. He could see in the distance scores of people promenading up and down “Freezeland Street,” not to mention the dozens of makeshift stalls that had set up shop in the middle of the Thames. But he was the sort who liked to see things with his own eyes—or in this instance, test the ice with his own toes—before he accepted a fact as true. 
The younger members of his band of thieves had no such qualms. The Earl had given them all a holiday, in honor of the Fair, and they were slipping and sliding upon the frozen river with carefree abandon. 
“Can we have a coin for the swing?” asked one of the younger boys. 
General Well’ngone reached into his pocket and gave the child the money. “Mind, just one turn each.”
The boys ran off, whooping with delight. As he looked after them, the General suddenly felt very old, though he would not see twenty for several more years. The frozen river was a marvel; there was no question about that. But he could not join in with the general hilarity over drinking beer and eating gingerbread, just because it was being done in the middle of the river. Something was missing, though he could not say what, until he spied Berel Krinkle standing in front of one of the bookstalls and the vision of a certain young person once again appeared before his eyes. 
He recalled the way that this young person had watched over her younger brother like a lioness guarding her cub—and surmised that Berel Krinkle had gotten a telling-off that he would not soon forget. And as he walked over to the boy, the General thought it must be a nice thing to have someone care so much about you, even if it meant getting a dressing-down from time to time. 
“My compliments, Mr. Krinkle. It is a pleasure to see you again so soon. I hope you and your sister are enjoying the Fair.”
“Sarah is at home, General Well’ngone. I suppose the Fair isn’t for girls.” Berel looked at the motley crowd that had gathered around a stall selling gin. 
General Well’ngone also shot a dark glance in the direction of the gin drinkers. “No, I suppose it is not. We must buy her something then, something from the Fair.”
“Why should you buy my sister a present?” 
“Well, why not?” replied the General, hoping that Berel was not the curious type who would ask a dozen questions. “Who knows when we shall see such a thing again? It seems only right to have some memento.” He picked up one of the books on display, a slender volume, and leafed through the pages. “What sort of book is this?” he said with wonder. “There’s nothing written inside.”
“That’s the joke of it,” replied Berel, turning back to the first page. “All it says is ‘Bought on the Thames.’”
“What would a person do with the rest of the book?”
“Write on the pages, I suppose.”
“Do you know how to write, Mr. Krinkle? If I purchased this book, could you write something for me?”
“I could, but I don’t have a pencil with me.”
The owner of the stall was growing impatient, or perhaps he feared that the youngsters would run off with the book when he was not looking. “If you two boys are going to buy, hand over your money. If not, move on.”
The General bristled at being called a boy, but he gave the man a coin. 
“Where will you find a pencil, General?” asked Berel.
General Well’ngone knew where he would usually go to find a pencil—the same place he would go to find a pocket watch or gold fob. But while he was surveying the crowd, on the lookout for an unsuspecting “client,” he felt an unfamiliar feeling, a twinge of conscience, which took the form of a question: How could he write a message to a pure being such as Miss Sarah Krinkle with a pencil that was stolen?
“Do you see any of your acquaintances here, Mr. Krinkle? Perhaps we could borrow a pencil from them.”
Berel also looked about the crowd. The only person he recognized was one of the gentlemen who had been at his father’s funeral, Mr. Samuel Lyon. 
Mr. Lyon had come to the Frost Fair with his family and they were all laughing and sliding about the ice. Mrs. Rose Lyon, the matriarch of the family, began to flap her arms up and down to keep her balance, which made the two youngest Lyon daughters laugh so hard they fell down on their bottoms. Their son Joshua, not to be outdone, also fell down on the ice and kicked his legs in the air with delight. 
Miss Rebecca Lyon, a young lady not quite of the marriageable age (and, Reader, the Narrator of this story, although she did not know at the time that such interesting events were about to unfold), was the only member of the family who tried to maintain a sense of dignity. Indeed, she regarded her laughing parents, who were usually the epitome of all that was dignified and refined, with a look of stern approbation, which unfortunately they ignored.
It was Mr. Lyon who spotted Berel and the General and he slid over to them, proud of his prowess on the ice. “Enjoying yourselves?” he asked them. Mr. Lyon was not well acquainted with Berel Krinkle, but he was familiar with General Well’ngone, who had come to his assistance a few years earlier, when some money of his was stolen. Indeed, Mr. Lyon had tried to convince the General to leave his sorry profession and come and work in his clock-making workshop. Although the General had declined the offer, Mr. Lyon still had hopes that he might be able to influence the youngster to change his ways. But on this day, when all London seemed to have just one thing in mind, enjoying the Frost Fair, he said, “May I treat you both to a ride on the merry-go-round?”
“It is not money we need,” replied the General. “If you have a pencil we might borrow, we would be much obliged.”
“A pencil? Let me see.” Mr. Lyon searched through his pockets, but could not find the desired object.
“Allow me.” 
They turned and saw two well-dressed gentlemen standing behind them. Berel recognized one of them as being Lord Liverwood, the person who had been in the solicitor’s office. Lord Liverwood handed the pencil to General Well’ngone.
“It may take us a while,” said the General. “We are not accustomed to writing.”
“Keep the pencil, with my compliments,” replied Lord Liverwood, who bowed to Mr. Lyon and then walked away with his companion. 
Mr. Lyon returned to his family, and Berel and General went to find a place where they could sit.
“What shall I write, General Well’ngone?”
The General could think of many things that he wished to say. But even though he had grown up in the streets of London, he had learned from the Earl that there was such a thing as polite manners. He therefore said, “Begin with, ‘To Miss Krinkle.’ And for the middle, write, ‘With my compliments.’”
Berel wrote down the words, but stopped at the final one. “Compliments is a complicated word, General. In your opinion, does it begin with a C or a K?”
Although spelling was not the General’s strong point, it was his nature to take charge of a situation. He therefore said, “In my opinion, I think either one will do, Mr. Krinkle. Otherwise, why have two letters with the same sound?”
Berel was not sure if this reasoning was correct, but he wrote down the word as best he could. “How shall we end it, General Well’ngone?”
How indeed? He feared it would be too forward to write “Your Faithful Admirer,” since he had met Sarah Krinkle only once—and the abruptness of that meeting had precluded their being formally introduced. 
While the General sat and thought, Berel suggested, “Perhaps you should just say, ‘A Friend.’”
“Without my name? How will your sister know the book is from me?”
 “I think it is better if she does not guess your identity at once. She might not accept the book if she knows it comes from you. We may be poor, but we are a respectable family. No offence intended, General, but there it is.”
General Well’ngone pondered the sad truth of this statement with a heavy heart.

IV.

Sarah tried to convince herself that she was not worried. She even left her station at the window, where she had been standing for more than a half hour, and took up some mending. As she jabbed the needle and thread into the place where one of Berel’s shirts had gotten a tear, she told herself there were a dozen reasons why her brother might have been delayed, even though the rumblings of his stomach usually brought him home in time for supper. Perhaps Mr. Barnstock had some work for her, and he was waiting to hear from his client before he could hand Berel the papers. Perhaps an elderly member of their community had fallen on the ice, and Berel was helping the person get home. There could be so many reasons, yet in her heart Sarah could not believe in a single one of them.
She set aside her mending and returned to the window for the dozenth time, and looked up and down the street. As the shadows lengthened and turned their little home a gloomy gray, her thoughts also took a darker turn. Perhaps it was Berel who had fallen and was now lying on some street, ignored by all who passed him by. He might freeze to death, if someone did not take pity upon the child and bring him home.
For the first time since her father had died, she knew what it felt to be utterly alone. Until this hour, she had been so busy working and cooking and trying to make their home cheerful that she had not had time to brood and properly mourn for her father. Now, she looked over to the place where her father’s bed had stood during those final days. Even in his weakened state, when he was no longer able to speak, her father had given her a smile, a squeeze of the hand, to let her know that he was still there watching over them, protecting them from harm. 
She took down from the shelf the Book of Psalms that had belonged to her mother and tried to read. That is what her mother had done, when someone in the family was ill or when her father could not find work. But Sarah was too anxious to concentrate on the words. She felt herself drawn once again to the window. 
Out there, somewhere in London, Berel was in trouble. She was sure of it.

The Evening Service at the Great Synagogue had come to an end. Mr. Melamed was speaking with a fellow member of the synagogue when he saw a person wrapped in a shawl making her way across the slippery pavement of the courtyard. From experience, he knew this probably meant someone was in need of his assistance. On such a cold night he could imagine that a poor family required fuel for a fire, or perhaps money to pay a physician’s fee. 
“Mr. Melamed, may I have a word with you?” asked the person.
When they were inside the synagogue building, and the person had removed the folds of the shawl from her face, Mr. Melamed was surprised to see that it was Sarah Krinkle who had sought him out. 
“Miss Krinkle? How may I be of service to you?”
Now that she was standing before Mr. Melamed, Sarah felt her cheeks grow red. It was hard for her to admit that she required his assistance, after her insistence on the day of her father’s funeral that she needed none.
“It is Berel,” she managed to say. “He has not come home. It is not like him to stay out in the street after dark. I am worried that something may have happened to him.”
Mr. Melamed was silent. As one of the wealthiest Jews in the city and a person with social connections that extended to the upper reaches of London society, he had considered it his duty to take on a leadership role in the Jewish community. Indeed, he enjoyed being of service to others and had found that by immersing himself in communal affairs he could keep at bay, at least most of the time, the loneliness he continued to feel even though it had been several years since his wife had passed away. But there was one task he disliked immensely, and that was being asked to find a missing person. He was not God, and he was not a magician. He could not see into every building and alleyway and spy out every lost soul. He therefore felt quite helpless when confronted by a worried family member, who usually came to him as their last hope.
Yet he could not say any of this to the young lady standing before him. He therefore said, instead, “We must hope your brother is safe, Miss Krinkle. Perhaps he has only lost his way. It can happen, especially after dark.”
Mr. Lyon had been standing in the entryway and had overheard their conversation. “Is it Berel Krinkle you are speaking about?”
“Have you seen him?” asked Mr. Melamed.
“I saw him earlier this afternoon at the Frost Fair.”
“The Frost Fair?” asked Miss Krinkle.
“There was no harm in that, I assure you, Miss Krinkle. The freezing of the Thames does not occur very often, and any boy would want to see it. I took my family to see the Fair this afternoon.”
“Was he with anyone?” asked Mr. Melamed.
“Yes, he was with General Well’ngone.”
“General Well’ngone!” the young lady exclaimed. “I told him to never talk to that awful person again!”
Mr. Melamed gave a sigh of relief, certain that the mystery of Berel Krinkle’s disappearance had been solved and grateful that the solution had come about so easily. 
“Miss Krinkle, I suggest you go to Devonshire Square with Mr. Lyon, where I am sure Mrs. Lyon will be happy to receive you. I shall go to Gravel Lane, where I shall hopefully find your brother safe and sound.”
“I wish to go to Gravel Lane with you, Mr. Melamed. I must give Berel a box on the ears that he’ll never forget.”
“What you do when you get your brother home is your private matter,” said Mr. Melamed, trying not to smile. “But Gravel Lane is no place for a young lady. You may either go home and wait for your brother’s return there, or go to Devonshire Square and wait at the Lyon home.”
“I suggest Devonshire Square, Miss Krinkle,” said Mr. Lyon. “Supper is waiting for us, and I am sure a bowl of hot soup will be very welcome on this bitter night.”

Gravel Lane was not a pleasant place to visit by day; darkness only made it more sinister and dismal. The first time Mr. Melamed had visited the street, he had not been sure he would ever emerge from it alive. Yet he had required the services of the Earl of Gravel Lane more than once to solve a crime affecting some member of the Jewish community, and so he was now familiar with many of the denizens who called that sad thoroughfare home and could approach the place without feelings of unease.
The Earl was at home when Mr. Melamed called. Indeed, the young man seldom left his underground dwelling, miserable though it was. He was the organizer of his followers’ activities, while General Well’ngone was in charge of operations in the field.
“It is always a pleasure to see you, Mr. Melamed,” the Earl drawled, mimicking the mincing accents used by the upper crust of London society. “I hope you will excuse the chill in the air. You know how difficult it is to adequately heat these old ancestral homes, I trust.”
The Earl started to laugh at his little jest—for although his abode may have been a palatial dwelling during the times of good Queen Elizabeth, the large rooms were now known primarily for their smell and damp. But he was quickly seized by a fit of coughing. 
“You should attend to that cough, Earl,” said Mr. Melamed, “unless you intend to cheat the gallows by dying of influenza instead.”
The Earl had taken out a dirty handkerchief, and after wiping his face he waved it in Mr. Melamed’s direction. “I do not intend to die before my time, Mr. Melamed. Someone must attend to the re-distribution of wealth in our fair city.”
“In all seriousness, Earl, is your business so bad that you cannot afford a larger fire on such a cold night?”
“Every business has its cycles. The cold has been so bitter that it has numbed the fingers of my boys, preventing them from doing their work. I’ve had to give them a holiday, and we must all economize until we see better times.”
“I hear that some of your boys went to the Frost Fair,” said Mr. Melamed, turning the conversation to the topic that had brought him to Gravel Lane. Although he had no affection for the Earl, he knew that these preliminary exchanges—which the Earl considered to be opportunities to show off his wit—were part of the price he must pay to receive the Earl’s services. 
“Surely, there is no harm in that,” replied the Earl, looking shocked at the thought that anyone might think such as thing. “Surely you will not begrudge a few hours of amusement to a poor orphaned boy.”
“Not at all. In fact, it is a poor orphaned boy that I am trying to find. By any chance did Berel Krinkle join you and the General for supper?”
The Earl’s ears pricked up at the mention of the name Krinkle. “Why would you think that?”
“Berel Krinkle was seen in the company of General Well’ngone at the Fair.”
“And now you think I have enticed him away from his home and intend to force him to join my brotherhood of thieves. Really, Mr. Melamed, by rights I should have you shown to the door for insinuating such a ridiculous thing. But my humble abode is at your service. Look through every cupboard and under every chair. If you find anyone named Krinkle hiding there, do let me know.”
Mr. Melamed knew that the Earl of Gravel Lane had his faults—a propensity to assume airs, being one of them—but experience had taught him that the Earl was not a liar. The young man might choose to not divulge information in his possession, but he would not deliberately twist the facts.
“The boy has gone missing, Earl. And it’s too cold a night to spend it wandering in the streets of London. General Well’ngone may have been one of the last people to see him. If you have no information about the child’s whereabouts, I would like to speak with the General.”
“I will see if he is available.” The Earl went over to the mantelpiece, where a bell was sitting. He gave the bell a vigorous ring and a child answered the call. “Tell the General that Mr. Melamed is in the drawing room and wishes to speak with him.”
When the General entered, the Earl explained the situation. The Earl then added, “Where did the two of you part company, General? I hope it was not on Duke’s Street.”
“Of course not,” replied General Well’ngone. “I gave you my word, Earl, didn’t I?”
“Then when did you last see him?”
“At the Frost Fair. He said he had to be getting home. So after we were done writing in the book ...”
“What book?” asked Mr. Melamed.
The General’s cheeks turned red. 
“Was Miss Sarah Krinkle at the Fair?” asked the Earl, looking none too pleased.
“No!”
“What does Miss Krinkle have to do with the two of you, if I may ask?” Mr. Melamed was also looking none too pleased at the mention of the young lady’s name in such disreputable surroundings. 
“General Well’ngone thinks he is in love with Miss Krinkle,” said the Earl, with a smirk. 
“I never said that!”
“What exactly are your feelings towards Miss Krinkle, then?” asked Mr. Melamed. He had never thought of General Well’ngone in terms other than being a thief, and he was now pleasantly surprised to find out that the youngster might possess finer sentiments—sentiments that possibly could be molded into a better sort of life. 
“I can’t say that I have feelings, Mr. Melamed, at least not any I can put a name to. I just think that if I were to ever marry, I should think that a young lady such as Miss Krinkle would do very well.”
“I see. But what does Miss Krinkle have to do with this book you mentioned?”
“I thought that since she could not see the Fair herself, she might like something from the Fair as a remembrance. The booksellers were selling these little empty books that were made special for the Frost Fair, and so I bought her one.”
“And what did you write it in?”
The General looked even more uncomfortable. “Do I have to say?”
“If we can find the book, it might lead us to Berel’s whereabouts.”
“It wasn’t much. Berel isn’t much of a speller, and so I didn’t want to overtax him.”
“Mr. Melamed is not interested in the spelling capabilities of either you or Mr. Krinkle,” said the Earl. “Just tell him what you had the boy write.”
 “I just told him to write ‘To Miss Krinkle, with my compliments.’”
“And then Berel wrote your name?” asked Mr. Melamed. 
“Not exactly. Berel and I decided it would be best if it just said ‘A Friend.’ And then Berel said he had to leave. I spotted my boys standing by one of the toy stalls and I went over to them.”
“You did not see Berel speaking to anyone else?”
“Not after I left him.”
“So you see, Mr. Melamed,” said the Earl, “we have not kidnapped the boy.”
The General turned first to the Earl, with a look of astonishment on his face, and then he turned to Mr. Melamed. “Does Miss Krinkle think that? Is that what she told you?”
“Apparently, the young lady does not think as highly of you, General, as you do of her,” said the Earl, with more than a dash of glee.
“Miss Krinkle is worried about her brother,” said Mr. Melamed. “If the boy is not here, would you be willing to help me find him?”
This last question was addressed to the Earl, who said, “London is a big city. And, as you said, it is a cold night.”
Mr. Melamed placed several coins on the table. “Buy some more fuel. I shall have some soup sent over, and whatever else I can find. Let me know as soon as you find the boy.”
“If we find him,” said the Earl, scooping up the coins.
“We’ll find him,” said the General. “Tell Miss Krinkle that ...” The General glanced in the direction of the Earl of Gravel Lane, who was once again looking at him with raised eyebrows. “We will find her brother.”
 
V.

When Mr. Melamed arrived at Devonshire Square, the Lyon family was still at the supper table. Despite the best efforts of Mrs. Lyon to convince their guest to eat, the plate placed before Sarah Krinkle was still nearly full, since the young lady had no appetite. When Mr. Melamed entered the room she rose from her chair and asked, “Have you found him? Have you brought Berel?”
“No, Miss Krinkle, I have not yet found your brother. But the Earl of Gravel Lane and his boys have agreed to begin the search this evening.”
“I don’t want their help.”
“I can understand your feelings, and normally I would agree. But General Well’ngone knows the streets of London better than almost anyone, and it is my opinion that it would be foolish to refuse their offer of assistance.”
“And what shall we do?” asked Miss Rebecca Lyon, who had been touched by the thought of the frail child wandering alone and unfriended on such a night.
Mr. Melamed glanced in the direction of the family’s matriarch. “I did promise the Earl to send over some hot food for his boys.”
Mrs. Lyon glanced, in turn, at their servant Meshullam Mendel. “Please tell Sorel to prepare a basket of food. If there is not enough soup left, she should make another pot.”
“You should eat something, too, Mr. Melamed,” said Mr. Lyon. “Won’t you join us?”
After Mr. Melamed had been seated and served, he turned to Miss Krinkle and said, “I do not wish to appear that I am prying into your family’s affairs, Miss Krinkle, but the more information we have the better our chances of finding your brother quickly.”
“I understand,” she replied.
“Have you any idea where he was going, when he left your home?”
Sarah hesitated. However, it did not take long for her to come to a decision. If she had to choose between honoring her promise to the solicitor and finding her brother, she must do all she could for Berel. “My family has been in the employment of a solicitor named Mr. Horace Barnstock for several years. Berel was supposed to go to Mr. Barnstock’s place of business.”
“What sort of work does your family do for Mr. Barnstock?”
“My father was employed by Mr. Barnstock to make clean copies of Mr. Barnstock’s legal papers. When he became ill, I took over for him. Berel takes the finished copies to Mr. Barnstock’s office and brings back the new work.”
“And brings back the money?” asked Mr. Lyon, glancing over at Mr. Melamed.
“You do not think someone murdered Berel for the money?” asked Miss Krinkle with alarm.
“I believe that is highly unlikely,” replied Mr. Melamed. “Unless Berel was known to carry money upon his person, I cannot see why anyone would accost a child.”
“Then why was General Well’ngone following Berel around this afternoon?” asked the young lady.
Mr. Melamed was silent. If the right time ever came, the General himself should be the one to answer that question.

After supper, Rebecca Lyon showed their visitor to the guest room that had been prepared for her. In other circumstances, Sarah would have looked about with delighted wonder. She had never before seen such sparkling white linens or thick blankets, nor was she used to the luxury of a fire burning in her bedchamber. Even the nightdress that lay upon the bed seemed much too rich to sleep in, since it was trimmed with lace. But her heart was too filled with worry to be distracted by such mundane pleasures.  
Rebecca noticed the girl’s lackluster response. “Is something not to your liking, Miss Krinkle? Perhaps you would like another pillow?”
“Thank you, Miss Lyon. I am most grateful for the kindness of you and your family. I am just a little tired.”
“My room is next to yours. If you should require anything during the night, please do not hesitate to knock on my door.”
Rebecca went to her own room. However, she was still brushing her hair when she heard coming from the other side of the wall the sound of Miss Krinkle sobbing. Returning to the guest room, she put her arm around Miss Krinkle and tried to console her.
“God willing, we will find your brother. You must have hope.” 
“I am trying to be hopeful, Miss Lyon. But what if Berel is dead?”
“You must not think that. I am sure General Well’ngone and his boys will continue searching until they have found him. Mr. Melamed will not give up either.” 
Sarah began to cry again. “It is all my fault,” she said, in between her sobs. “If I had not been so stubborn ... If I had not insisted that I could take care of Berel by myself, perhaps this would not have happened.”
“I am sure that no one blames you, Miss Krinkle. You acted as you thought was right.”
“Would you have allowed Mr. Melamed to put your brother in an orphanage if, God forbid, you had lost your parents?”
Rebecca was silent for a moment. The truth was that she had a stormy relationship with Joshua, her younger brother, and more than once she had thought the Jewish orphanage would be an excellent place for such a troublesome sibling. Yet in her heart of hearts she knew she would not really wish to part with him, and so she said, “Of course not. But it is a great responsibility to raise a younger sibling. Have you no relations at all, Miss Krinkle?”
“I have an aunt—my mother’s married sister—who lives in the West Indies. My father’s family is in Prague. Those places are so far away, and I do not know these people. How would I know that they would take care of Berel? My parents hoped that Berel would become a scholar, even a rabbi. And he could, he is so very clever. What if the people who took us in refused to give Berel an education? Not everyone can easily afford to pay a tutor, and since Berel is not their son they might not want to assume the expense.” 
“Did you explain all this to Mr. Melamed?”
Sarah shook her head. “We are so very poor. I am certain he would tell us that we must be practical and not aspire to things beyond our reach.”
“I can promise you nothing, Miss Krinkle, but I do think you should inform Mr. Melamed of your parents’ wishes. It is a serious thing to respect the wishes of the deceased, and Mr. Melamed is not as unfeeling as he may sometimes seem. But for now you need your rest. You may be called upon to perform some task in the morning, something for which you will need all your strength.”
For the first time Sarah smiled. “I did promise myself that I will give Berel a box on the ears, when I find him.”
“There, you see—you will want to be well rested for that!” 
 
The clock had already chimed two when General Well’ngone straggled into the library of Mr. Melamed, who was reading by the still-smoldering fire.
“We couldn’t find him, and the boys are frozen to the bone.”
Mr. Melamed closed his book. “We shall resume the search in the morning. There is food for you and the others in the kitchen.”
The butler showed the youngsters downstairs, to the kitchen. Mr. Melamed went over to the library window, which overlooked the street. He could see nothing in the inky darkness. His only hope was that the solicitor would be able to shed some light on the matter in the morning.  

VI.

“What do you mean, the child is missing?” Mr. Horace Barnstock jabbed the tip of his pen in the direction of Mr. Melamed. “Come to the point, sir. I am busy man.”
“Did Berel Krinkle come to your rooms yesterday, or not?” replied Mr. Melamed, who could also assume the demeanor of the stern man of business when he chose.
“Of course, he came here.”
“Do you know where he went afterward?”
“How should I know?” Mr. Barnstock thought for a moment, and then he flung down his pen on his desk. “Blast the boy! He was supposed to have gone straight home. I had work for the sister, important work that he was supposed to return to me. This is most inconvenient.”
“May I ask the nature of the document?”
“No, you may not.”
“We are speaking of a child who has gone missing—after visiting your establishment.”
“I had nothing to do with it, if that is what you are implying Mr. ...” the solicitor glanced down with distaste at the visiting card that had been brought into him before the interview. “... Melamed.”
“Yes, but the document might have some bearing on the incident.”
“I cannot see how. Still, I suppose you could have a point.” Like most citizens of London, Mr. Barnstock preferred to keep his distance from the city’s Bow Street Runners—those rough-and-tumble officers of the law who were often far too zealous in their attempts to quickly close a case and collect their fees. The solicitor therefore rifled through some papers on his desk until he found the page of notes he was looking for. “This is confidential, of course,” he said, looking across the desk at Mr. Melamed 
“Of course. My interest is the boy.”
“The document to be copied was for a bill of sale. Lord Liverwood wishes to buy an elephant and take it to his ancestral home in Kent.”
“An elephant?”
“He saw the beast being paraded around at the Frost Fair and decided he must have it for his estate. Are you familiar with Lord Liverwood?”
“No, I am not.”
“If you were, you would not be surprised. Last year he asked me to draw up an agreement for a hermit.”
“A hermit?”
“Apparently it was all the rage to employ one, at least for a certain type of gentleman.”
“For what purpose?”
“The person was a sort of curio for Lord Liverwood and his guests, I suppose. The terms were in the agreement. Lord Liverwood had a hut built for the person and provided the man with food and clothes. In return, the hermit had to agree to live in the hut and not speak with any of Lord Liverwood’s guests. I believe the man also had to agree to grow out his hair and not bathe during the time of his employment.” Mr. Barnstock noted his visitor’s astonishment and added, “Lord Liverwood is rich as Midas, bored as the devil and crazy as a loon—but harmless, mind you. I cannot imagine him hurting a fly, and certainly not a child.”
“Was he here when Berel arrived?”
“Yes, that is why I am telling you that Lord Liverwood is not your man. His head was full of his elephant. I doubt he even noticed the child.”
“Was anyone else here?”
“Only Arthur.”
“Your clerk?”
“And my son.  He’s another one with not too much upstairs, but a father must provide for his children. Although I cannot imagine what will become of the practice after I am gone.”
Mr. Barnstock went to the door and called for Arthur. The young man sulked his way into the room. 
“Arthur, this gentleman is seeking the whereabouts of young Berel Krinkle. Did the boy happen to mention where he was going to, after he left here?”
“My time is too valuable to spend it talking to messenger boys, Father.”
“Perhaps he mentioned meeting someone at the Frost Fair?” asked Mr. Melamed.
“If he did, he was talking to the wall, for I did not hear him.”
Arthur sulked back to his desk. 
“I am sorry I cannot assist you further, Mr. Melamed. Send word when you hear something.”
“I will.” Mr. Melamed was about to depart, when he turned back to Mr. Barnstock and said, “One final question, sir, if I may.”
“Yes?”
“What happened to the hermit?”
“Eh?”
“Is the hermit still living on Lord Liverwood’s estate?”
“I wouldn’t know. I’ve never been there.”

After leaving the solicitor’s rooms, Mr. Melamed instructed his coachman to take him to the Thames. The Frost Fair was still in progress, and it took Mr. Melamed some time to find General Well’ngone in the throng.
“Any luck, General?” he asked, when he finally did see the owner of the familiar bicorne hat.
The General shook his head. “No one remembers seeing Mr. Krinkle.”
“I suppose there were many boys about yesterday, just as there are today.” Mr. Melamed glanced about the hastily set up fair grounds. It would be highly unlikely that anyone would take note of a boy like Berel. “Was there no one else that the two of you spoke to, other than Mr. Lyon?” 
“Only the gentleman who gave us the pencil. He spoke to us.”
“Do you know who he was?”
“I never saw him before in my life.”
“You did not remove anything from his pockets, something by which we could identify him by?”
The General was about to protest his innocence when he suddenly smote his hand against his forehead. “His was the fob that got me in trouble with Earl. I relieved the gentleman of his seal yesterday.”
“Where is the fob now?”
“At the pawnbroker’s, unless it’s already been sold.”
Mr. Melamed removed a banknote from his pocketbook. “Get it back, General.”
General Well’ngone hurried off—and in his hurry his feet flew out from underneath him, causing him to fall face first upon the ice. A crowd quickly gathered around him and began to point and laugh, which only added to his embarrassment. His mortification increased when he looked up and saw, standing in the circle of bystanders, Miss Sarah Krinkle. 
Gathering up what was left of his wounded pride, the General reached for his hat, which had landed nearby, and placed it upon his head, before rising to his feet. He then broke through the circle and went on his way, without giving the laughing young person a second look.
“Perhaps we should not have laughed,” said Miss Lyon, who had accompanied Miss Krinkle to the Frost Fair. Miss Krinkle had not been able to sit at home and do nothing, and so the two young ladies, who were being chaperoned by Meshullam Mendel, had come to the river to make their own investigation.  
“General Well’ngone is helping Mr. Melamed find your brother,” Rebecca added.
“Oh!” Sarah Krinkle looked round. “I’ll just say a word to him.”
When she caught up with the young man, she said, “I hope you are not hurt, General Well’ngone.”
The General gave her a look of disdain and continued to walk on.
“I am most grateful for all you are doing to help find my brother,” said Miss Krinkle, following after him. “Truly I am.”
“You have a strange way of showing it.”
“Please forgive me for laughing. It was childish of me, and wrong.” When General Well’ngone continued to walk, she said, “Have you never done anything wrong, General, something that you later regretted?”
At last he stopped and turned to look at her. “Miss Krinkle, my entire life I have been doing things that are wrong. Now, when I am trying to do something right, what do I get? Laughed at.”
“And if I were to tell you that I promise I will never laugh at you again, would you forgive me?”
General Well’ngone shrugged and stuck his hands deeper into the pockets of his greatcoat. “I suppose so. Good day, Miss Krinkle. ”

Mr. Melamed did not linger at the Frost Fair. Instead, he drove to Mayfair and the home of his friend and business associate, Mr. Arthur Powell, the younger son of Lord James Powell. 
“Liverwood? I know him, of course, though I cannot say he is a great friend of mine.” Mr. Powell cast a knowing glance at his visitor. He knew that Mr. Melamed never asked about members of the English aristocracy, unless he had a good reason.
“Would you be agreeable to paying him a visit?” asked Mr. Melamed.
“What has he done?”
“Bought an elephant.”
Mr. Powell laughed. “Yes, that sounds like Liverwood. Still, I do not see why his latest antic concerns you or me.”
Mr. Melamed explained about the missing boy. “Lord Liverwood was one of the last people to speak with the child, at least that we know of. There is a chance he might have seen the boy afterward. It is a slender chance, I know. But, frankly, I am at a loss.”
Mr. Powell had no objection to the proposed visit. Lord Liverwood’s London home was not far from his own residence, and so he and Mr. Melamed set out on foot. A short while later they were informed that Lord Liverwood was at home and would be pleased to receive them, and they were shown into a drawing room.
Lord Liverwood was seated at a table upon which sat a Chinese puzzle box. He was happily pushing at various panels upon the sides of the box, hoping to discover the secret of how to open the object.
“Join me, do,” he said, motioning to his visitors to come to the table. “I have been trying to discover the correct sequence of movements since breakfast. Perhaps you, Powell, will have better luck.”
“It is a pretty thing,” said Mr. Powell, admiring the various patterns of inlaid work. After sliding a few panels in and out, he said, “I hope you have not stored anything valuable inside the box, Liverwood. You may never see it again, if you have.”
Lord Liverwood laughed with delight. “What about you, sir? Would you care to test your wits against this devil?”
Mr. Melamed took the box and duly began to try to discover the box’s secret.
“My friend has a bigger puzzle to solve,” said Mr. Powell. “A Jewish boy, a member of his community, has gone missing.”
Lord Liverwood clucked his tongue to show his sympathy.
“I believe you saw the boy yesterday at Mr. Barnstock’s rooms, and later at the Frost Fair. You gave him I pencil.”
“Did I? It is very possible.”
A young gentleman entered the room. Lord Liverwood called out to him, “Lennox, do you remember seeing a boy at the Fair?”
“There must have been dozens of boys on the river, Uncle.”
Lord Liverwood introduced his nephew to his visitors. Mr. Melamed noted that Mr. Lennox appeared to be in his late twenties. Whereas the uncle was round and jovial, the nephew was lean and reticent.
“These gentlemen say we gave the boy a pencil.”
Mr. Lennox gave a slight smile. “You are always generous to everyone, Uncle. Perhaps you did.”
After pouring a glass of sherry for himself, the young man went to an armchair placed before the fire and began to read a newspaper. 
“The boy was not alone,” said Mr. Melamed. “He was accompanied by a young man wearing a military greatcoat and a bicorne hat. Perhaps you remember him.”
“A bicorne hat?” Lord Liverwood thought for a moment. “You mean, the boy in fancy dress? I do remember him! Did I not say that I must purchase a bicorne hat, Lennox, for when I am next invited to a fancy dress ball?”
“Perhaps you did,” the young man replied politely, but without enthusiasm. “Perhaps you did” seemed to be his answer to most things his uncle said.
“Did you happen to see the two boys later?” asked Mr. Melamed. 
“I do not think so. I wanted to show Lennox my elephant.” Lord Liverwood suddenly raised his hands to his mouth, and then he burst out laughing. “It was supposed to be a surprise,” he said, when he had recovered. “Some Indian fellows were parading an elephant at the Fair, near Blackfriars Bridge. It was quite a remarkable sight. So I bought it.”
“The bridge?” Mr. Powell politely inquired.
The question set Lord Liverwood into a new paroxysm of laughter, which lasted for several minutes. After wiping the tears from his eyes, he said, “I do not know when I have laughed so much. I bought the elephant, sir. I shall be the first to have an elephant, I am sure.”
“What do you intend to do with it, sir?” asked Mr. Melamed.
Lord Liverwood’s face turned blank. The nephew put aside his newspaper and came to the older man’s rescue. “My uncle loves nothing more than to amuse his friends. Is that not so, Uncle?”
“That is correct,” said Lord Liverwood, his face once again brightening. “And an elephant will be most amusing.”
“Now if you will excuse us, gentlemen, in a few minutes my uncle has an appointment with his physician.”

“Did we learn anything?” asked Mr. Powell, when he and Mr. Melamed were once again on the street.
“It does not seem so,” replied Mr. Melamed.
“I feel sorry for Liverwood. He has all the money in the world, his title and estates are among the best in England, and I suppose he enjoys his life, but he is really just a child. He cannot make intelligent use of all he has been blessed with.”
“Did he ever marry, or have children?”
“No.”
“Then Mr. Lennox is his heir?”
“Yes, I think so.” Mr. Powell glanced over at his friend. “What are you thinking, Melamed?”
“I am thinking it must be very hard for Mr. Lennox. His uncle appears to be in excellent health. It may be a very long time until he inherits.”
Mr. Powell, who was a younger son and therefore knew what it was to wait, laughed. “Do not start inventing mysteries where there is none. You have enough to do with finding the boy. What do you intend to do next?”
“I wish I knew.”
 
VII.

Although General Well’ngone and the pawnbroker had done business together on numerous occasions, it was part of the charade that when that business took place in the front of the store they pretended to be only slightly acquainted. The General therefore took his time examining the cheap trinkets on display, before he said, as if by afterthought, “It is really a fob seal I’m after. Have you any, sir?”
The pawnbroker knew perfectly well what the General was referring to, but he also played his part. “I may have some in the back. Would you care to come with me and see them? Mind your head, sir. The doorway is a bit low.”
When they were in the pawnbroker’s back room, the man’s manner made an abrupt change. “What’s this about, General?  Who’s after the goods?”
“Calm down. It’s just a little private business. I need one of them back.” 
“It’s lucky for you I haven’t yet sent them to be melted down,” said the pawnbroker, placing a strongbox on the table. “Which one is it?”
The General was about to reach into the box, when the pawnbroker stopped him. “You keep your fingers to yourself, General. Just point out the one you want.”
For the second time that day the General felt it was most unfair that people were still assuming the worst of him when for once he was trying to do good. But he brushed aside his hurt feelings and fixed his attention upon the shiny gold objects sitting in the iron box. “It’s that one, I think,” he said. “Show me the seal.”
The pawnbroker turned the fob upside down to reveal the insignia engraved into the carnelian agate stone. Above the family crest were a half moon and three stars.
“That’s the one,” said the General. 

Before returning to his own home, Mr. Melamed stopped by the Krinkle home on Duke’s Street to make sure that Berel had not turned up in the meantime. One of the Earl’s boys had been posted there, and he assured Mr. Melamed that the child had not come home. As Mr. Melamed was descending the stairs, a door opened and an elderly woman looked out.
“What has happened, Mr. Melamed? Where are the Krinkle children?”
“I shall explain another time, Mrs. Hutner,” he replied, not wishing to enter into a lengthy conversation with the woman.
“I knew this would happen,” she called after him.
Mr. Melamed stopped and turned back to her. “You knew what would happen?”
“I saw the boy with General Well’ngone. I knew what would happen if those children were left to run wild. Which prison are they in?”
“None that I know of.  Good day.”
When he did reach his home, General Well’ngone was waiting for him.
“I showed the General into the library,” said his butler. “I hope that was the right thing to do, sir.”
Mr. Melamed nodded his assent and then went to the library, where he found General Well’ngone studying a globe of the world. 
“It is a big world, is it not?” he said to the General. 
“We’re lucky we don’t have to go looking for Mr. Krinkle in Africa.”
“Yes, I suppose you are right. Did you find the fob?”
General Well’ngone handed over the fob seal. Mr. Melamed glanced at it for a moment, before putting it in his pocket.
“What is your opinion, General Well’ngone? Shall we find Berel Krinkle?”
“Between you and me, Mr. Melamed, it doesn’t look good. It’s not as though he is one of my boys and hiding from the law. A boy like that would know of a dozen places where he could safely hide for a few days.”
“Yet he must be somewhere. And since the Thames is frozen solid, at least we know he cannot be at the bottom of the river, thank God.”
“I don’t like to say it, but it looks like he must have been snatched away. I’ve heard tales about boys being snatched and then sold to people who don’t have any children of their own, or being sold to a chimney sweeper who needs a climbing boy. Though I suppose that happens usually to the younger boys. Mr. Krinkle is already too big to climb up a chimney.”
Mr. Melamed agreed, but this was cold comfort. A boy might also be sold to a shoemaker or taken out of London and sold as a farm laborer. 
The entrance of his butler interrupted these unhappy thoughts.
“A Mr. Lennox wishes to see you, sir.”
Mr. Melamed was surprised, but not displeased. “Bring him in.”
“Shall I leave?” asked General Well’ngone.
“No, but stay by the globe. And do not say anything, unless I speak to you.”
Mr. Melamed was standing by the hearth when Mr. Lennox entered the library. 
“I am sorry to disturb you, Mr. Melamed.”
“Not at all. May I offer you some refreshments?”
“I am afraid this is not a social visit. I am afraid ...” Mr. Lennox glanced down at the small hatbox he was holding in his hands. “I am afraid I have rather bad news for you, sir.”
“Won’t you at least sit down?”
Mr. Lennox shook his head. “I prefer not to. What I have to say is ... Well, let me just say it. As you may have noticed, my uncle is not quite right in the head. In fact, I was forced to have him put under lock and key this afternoon in a private lunatic asylum. That was the physician’s appointment I mentioned during your visit. Of course, my uncle did not know the true nature of the appointment. Otherwise, he would not have gone there willingly.”
“I am very sorry to hear this, Mr. Lennox. But ...”
“But you do not yet understand what this has to do with you?”
“That is correct, sir.”
“Mr. Melamed, I was not entirely honest with you this morning. I do remember the boy you referred to, and I do know ... or at least I am quite certain I know what has happened to him.”
Mr. Melamed stared in amazement as Mr. Lennox placed the hatbox on a table and removed the cover. When Mr. Lennox took out a boy’s coat, General Well’ngone gave a gasp and rushed forward.
“Here, where did you get that? That belongs to Mr. Krinkle.”
“Are you sure?” asked Mr. Melamed.
General Well’ngone grabbed the coat and rifled through its pockets. He removed a slim volume from one of them and quickly opened it. There he saw Berel Krinkle’s handwriting, in pencil, on the page. The General handed the book to Mr. Melamed, who read over the message. There could be no mistake about the book. It therefore followed that the coat did, indeed, belong to the child.
“Where is the boy, Mr. Lennox?” asked Mr. Melamed.
“I am afraid he is dead.”
Mr. Melamed winced, too stunned to say a word. He had known there was a possibility that the child had come to harm, yet having his worst fears confirmed was almost too much for him to bear. He had to force himself to pay attention to Mr. Lennox, who had continued speaking.  
“Most of the time my uncle is harmless. It is only when his madness overwhelms him that ...” Mr. Lennox appeared to be overcome himself by what he felt must say.
“This has happened before?” asked Mr. Melamed, barely able to contain his sense of outrage.
“Not murder, you understand. But his condition has been deteriorating, and there was one incident where a tragedy was prevented only in the nick of time. I know I should have taken action sooner. And I shall never forgive myself for what has happened. But the physicians ... they told me there was hope of a cure and ... What can I say, sir, except that I am truly sorry.” He removed a pocketbook from his coat pocket and started to pull out a banknote. “If this will help ... the family ...”
“We have no need of your money, Mr. Lennox,” said Mr. Melamed. “Only tell me where the boy’s body is, so we may give him a proper Jewish burial.”
“I am afraid I cannot do that.”
“Why not?”
“The body is no longer in the house. I assume my uncle’s valet had it taken away sometime during the night, probably to some pauper’s grave. It was only a matter of chance that this coat was left behind.”
“And you knew nothing? You did not hear a struggle?”
“No, after I parted from my uncle at the Frost Fair, I went to dine with friends. I did not return to my uncle’s home until rather late at night. The ... the event must have occurred while I was out.”
“The valet will not tell you?”
“The valet has been with the family since my uncle was a child. His first loyalty is to my uncle. He will not say a word about anything that happened yesterday—not to me, not to you and not to anyone else.”
Mr. Lennox left. Mr. Melamed stared silently into the fire for a very long while. It was only when he heard a choked sob coming from behind him that he recalled that General Well’ngone was still in the room.
The General had taken up the little book again and was staring down at the written page. His tears had blurred the penciled writing a little bit. He hurriedly wiped his face with his sleeve when he noticed that Mr. Melamed was looking at him. 
“Do not be ashamed of your tears, General. It only shows that you are human, and not a monster, and there is no shame in that.”
“What are we going to tell Miss Krinkle?”
“We must tell her the truth.”
Mr. Melamed picked up the coat and was about to fold it, when he noticed there was still something in an inside pocket. He removed the package and saw it was the document about the purchase of the elephant. A further search revealed a coin, and something else that slipped out and fell upon the floor.
The General’s quick eyes spotted gold and he reached for the object. “It’s another one of those fob seals,” he said, showing it to Mr. Melamed. “I wonder where he got it.”
“You did not show Berel any of the tricks of your trade, General?”
“Honest, Mr. Melamed. Besides, there wasn’t time. We never let a new boy try taking a fob seal. There’s an art to cutting a chain and see here ...” The General pointed to a few chain links that were still attached to the fob. “This looks like it was yanked off the chain. Anyone can see that it’s not a professional job.”
Mr. Melamed was listening, but he was also looking at the seal. Unlike the fob that had belonged to Lord Liverwood, this seal was much simpler. There was no heraldic crest, just a monogram that read ABC.
“Do you suppose Mr. Krinkle yanked it off when he was struggling with Lord Liverwood?” asked the General.
“They are the wrong initials. But you may be correct about how this got into Berel’s possession. If he was struggling with someone, he might have torn off the end of that person’s pocket watch chain. Then I suppose this fob could have fallen into his pocket.”
“But Mr. Lennox said ...” An idea came to the General, but he quickly discarded it. “It’s the same problem, isn’t it? Mr. Lennox can’t be ABC either.”
Mr. Melamed thrust the fob into his pocket. “General, how quickly can you and a dozen of your boys meet me in Mayfair?”
“We’re already halfway there!”

VIII.

If the butler was surprised to see Mr. Arthur Powell return so quickly to the residence of Lord Liverwood, his expression did not show it. He merely said, “Lord Liverwood is not at home, sir.”
Mr. Powell took out one of his calling cards and replied, “My compliments to Mr. Lennox.”
A few minutes later the butler returned and escorted Mr. Powell into the drawing room. 
“You wished to see me, sir?”
“Yes, I happened to find a fob seal that I believe belongs to you or your uncle.” Mr. Powell noted that Mr. Lennox’s face had gone a bit pale.
“A fob seal?”
Mr. Powell handed him the object. Mr. Lennox looked at the seal and his face relaxed. 
“Yes, this does belong to my uncle. It must have fallen off his chain without his noticing it. Thank you for returning it.”
There was a ring of the front door’s bell.
“I’ll get that,” said Mr. Powell, to the other man’s astonishment.
Mr. Powell rushed to the front door, arriving there ahead of the butler, and opened the door wide for General Well’ngone and his boys. Mr. Melamed entered after them. While the General’s boys divided themselves into two groups—half racing up the stairs to the attic and the other half racing down to the cellar—Mr. Melamed followed Mr. Powell back into the drawing room. 
They were not terribly surprised to discover that Mr. Lennox was no longer in the room.  

“We’ve found him!” 
General Well’ngone raced over to a cupboard that was standing in a corner of the attic. Sitting all in a heap was the bound body of Berel Krinkle, who was dazed by the commotion and the sudden appearance of the light of a candle being thrust near his eyes, but still very much alive. 
The General shook his head sadly and said, “Berel Krinkle, are you going to get a scolding when you get home.”

In truth, it was not such a terrible scolding. When Berel and Mr. Melamed appeared in the doorway of the Lyon family’s drawing room, Miss Krinkle threw aside her embroidery and rushed to embrace her brother. It did occur to her to also include a few stern words of admonishment, for all the bother he had caused by running off to the Frost Fair without permission. But no sooner had she said a harsh word than she was so overcome by relief and happiness that she had to kiss his pale cheeks again and give him yet another hug—and so Berel was able to accept his sister’s “scolding” like a man, meaning that he tried to wipe away those kisses with his sleeve while insisting that there was no need to make such a fuss. 
Then Berel was shown upstairs to a second guest room, which was quickly called into service. After receiving a warm bath and eating a bowl of nourishing broth, the physician who had been summoned, Mr. Gabriel Taylor, gave the child a sleeping draught, so he could sleep peacefully through the night.
“By tomorrow he will be himself again, God willing,” Mr. Taylor assured Miss Krinkle.  “You must rest, too, since you have also been through an ordeal.” 

After Mr. Melamed had delivered the boy into the care of his sister and the Lyon family, he directed his steps to the business establishment of Mr. Horace Barnstock, solicitor. 
As always, Mr. Barnstock’s desk was cluttered with legal papers, but he did not deny Mr. Melamed an interview. 
“Do you recognize this seal?” Mr. Melamed showed the solicitor the fob seal that had the initials ABC engraved upon it.
“Where did you get this?”
“You will receive an answer to your question after you have answered mine.”
“This belongs to my son, if I am not mistaken.”
“The C stands for?”
“Charles. Arthur Charles Barnstock.” Mr. Barnstock cast his sternest eye upon Mr. Melamed. “What is the meaning of this, sir?” 
“Please ask your son to join us.”
Mr. Barnstock still kept a wary eye upon his visitor, but he went to the door and ordered his son to come into the room. 
“Is this not the seal I gave you for your twentieth birthday, Arthur?”
The young clerk seemed to freeze into a block of ice at the sight of the seal, for at first he could neither speak nor move. When he did recover his senses, he glanced wildly from the seal to Mr. Melamed. 
“Where did you find this?” he snarled.
“Your plot to have Lord Liverwood declared a lunatic and put away, so Mr. Lennox can inherit the title and the fortune, has been discovered, sir. Mr. Lennox has run away, leaving you to face the gallows alone.”
“Gallows?” exclaimed the elder Mr. Barnstock. “I am astonished by your accusation, yet I do not see why this plot against Lord Liverwood is a capital offense.”
“The capital offense involves the kidnapping and murder of the boy Berel Krinkle.”
Mr. Barnstock was now even more astonished. “What?”
“I didn’t do it!” Arthur Barnstock shouted. “The boy’s not dead! He was alive, I tell you, the last time I saw him. Go to the attic, go to Lord Liverwood’s home, you’ll find the boy in a cupboard.” The young clerk searched through his pockets with trembling hands until he extracted a key, which he flung at Mr. Melamed. “There’s the key to the cupboard. Take it! Why don’t you go?”
“I already know that Berel Krinkle is alive. I also know that he has been safely removed from Lord Liverwood’s home. I only wished to hear the confession from your own lips.” Mr. Melamed then turned to the solicitor and said, “I hope you will assist your client, Mr. Barnstock. Lord Liverwood may be childish, but he is not the dangerous member of the family. He deserves better treatment than what he has received at the hands of his nephew and your son.” 

When Mr. Melamed returned to Devonshire Square, he found the family seated in the drawing room. Miss Krinkle was there, as well. Although she had tried to insist that she must remain beside her brother’s bed all night, she had finally agreed to take turns with the other members of the Lyon household. 
“As I suspected, Mr. Lennox did not wish to wait until his uncle passed away to inherit the family title and fortune,” Mr. Melamed explained to the others.
“I cannot say I entirely blame him,” said Mr. Lyon. “An elephant would be quite an expensive curio to keep, I should think. It must have pained Mr. Lennox to see his uncle squander his money on such things.”
“That may be, but it was no excuse to have Lord Liverwood declared a lunatic and locked away for the rest of his life.”
“But where does the child come in to all this, Mr. Melamed?” asked Mrs. Lyon. “Why did Mr. Lennox need to kidnap him?”
“One does need some reason to put away a relative, especially when he is a member of the aristocracy,” replied Mr. Melamed. “If Mr. Lennox could prove that his uncle was a murderer, I doubt anyone would object to his removing his uncle from society. And he certainly had me convinced that his story was true, when he brought me the boy’s coat.”
“Thank God, you found that fob seal,” said Mr. Lyon. 
“But why did the solicitor’s son become involved in all of this?” asked Mrs. Lyon, still trying to puzzle out the mystery. “What did he hope to gain?”
“I believe he expected to be paid handsomely for his part in the kidnapping and helping to keep watch over the boy. He seems to be too enamored of betting on horse races and boxing matches for his own good.”
“What did they intend to do with Berel, Mr. Melamed?” asked Miss Krinkle, speaking for the first time. 
This was a question that he hoped would not be asked. Indeed, when he had questioned Arthur Barnstock and received all the details of the nefarious plan, he had wondered if he should conceal this detail from Miss Krinkle. Yet now he decided it would be best if she knew the truth. “They intended to drown Berel in the Thames, after the river thawed. London can be a cruel place, Miss Krinkle. We must thank Hashem for this frost. It saved your brother’s life.”
The little group was silent for several moments, as they contemplated the mysterious ways of Hashem—“Hashem” being one of the Jews’ names for God. For it is He who holds the secrets of Nature in His Hand, to both destroy and save, harm and heal.  
“And what about Lord Liverwood?” asked Miss Lyon, recalling the other person who had been harmed by this incident. “He has been released, I hope.”
Mr. Melamed shifted uneasily in his chair. “I have left that to Mr. Horace Barnstock. In exchange for my silence regarding his son’s role in this matter, he assured me he will do everything in his power to ensure that Lord Liverwood is transported safely to his home in Kent.”
“Cannot we bring charges against Mr. Lennox?” asked Mrs. Lyon. “I should think that abducting the child would be a crime.”
“It is,” agreed Mr. Melamed. “But for the time being, Mr. Lennox has disappeared, probably to the Continent. We can only hope and pray that he stays far away from Lord Liverwood, and us, for a very long time.”
They continued to discuss the day’s events until it was time for supper. Mr. Melamed declined the invitation to dine at Devonshire Square. Although outwardly he appeared to be his usual calm and dignified self, he too had been shaken by all that had occurred and now he wished for the quiet of his own home. However, Miss Krinkle stopped him before he could go.
“Mr. Melamed, thank you for all that you have done.”
“I am only thankful that your brother was found alive and well.”
“Tell me, Mr. Melamed, do you think Berel would be better off in an orphanage?”
“No, I believe a child is always better off at home, if he has one—a true home.”
Miss Krinkle removed a letter that had been secured inside her sleeve. “I received this letter from my aunt, my mother’s sister, on the day that Berel disappeared. It seems my father wrote to her, after he realized how ill he was. She says she and her husband would be most willing to take us in, if we would like to join them in the West Indies. Should we go?”
“You must make that decision, Miss Krinkle. But it does seem that this was your father’s wish.”
“It was also my father’s wish that Berel should receive a proper Jewish education. I do not know if that will be possible in my aunt’s home.”
“I think the community will be able to purchase some books for Berel to take with him. And we will not let you go penniless, Miss Krinkle. You may tell your aunt and uncle that at least part of the money should be used for Berel’s education. Discuss it with your brother, when he is feeling better, and let me know what you decide.”

Mr. Lyon and Miss Rebecca Lyon accompanied Sarah and Berel Krinkle to the coaching inn, the first stage of their long journey to the West Indies. Mr. Melamed, who had also come to the inn to see the Krinkles off, had found a Jewish family that was making the same voyage, and the parents agreed to take the two Krinkle children under their wing. 
Although Rebecca and Sarah had not known each other for long, they shed many tears when it was time to say goodbye. Misfortune had bound them together in a way that happier times often cannot.
While the trunks were being loaded on top of the coach, Mr. Melamed spotted a familiar bicorne hat in the crowd.
“If you wish to say goodbye, General, now is the time.”
He brought the General over to Miss Krinkle, and then found an excuse to call away the attention of the others. 
“I have not yet had the chance to properly thank you, General,” said the young lady. “My brother and I will always be grateful.”
“It was my pleasure to be of service, Miss Krinkle.”
They stood in an awkward silence for a few moments. Then the General remembered what he wished to say.
“I do not know if we will ever meet again, Miss Krinkle, so I was hoping you might accept this.” He placed the volume he had bought on the Thames in her hands. “It is only a little thing, but it comes from my heart.”
She opened the book to the first page and as she read the inscription her face fell. “Oh, the Frost Fair. That’s when Berel disappeared.”
“If you would turn the page, you’ll see there is more writing.”
Miss Krinkle did turn the page.
“I shall treasure this,” she said, after she had read the message. 
“Then you don’t mind having someone like me as your friend?”
 “I’ve never had a friend before—and I do not think I shall ever have a better one, Gen ... Have you no other name, General Well’ngone?”
“What sort of name?”
“Did no one ever give you a Jewish name?”
The General glanced around them, to make sure that no one was listening. “Do you promise not to laugh?”
“I promised that at the Frost Fair.”
“It’s Aaron.”
“Aaron. That’s a beautiful name. I shall think of you as Aaron, if you do not mind.”
“I should not mind at all, Miss Krinkle. I would be honored if you would think of me from time to time.”
“Not time to time, Aaron Well’ngone. Often.”  
 She might have said more, but the coachman chose that moment to blow his horn, signaling that it was time to depart. In the rush, Sarah and Berel Krinkle were swept up into the coach. The door was shut, and the horses trotted off. 
General Well’ngone watched as the carriage grew smaller and smaller, until it disappeared completely from sight. He felt sad, because he knew that he would never see Miss Krinkle again. But even though his heart was more than a little broken, the knowledge that Miss Krinkle would be thinking of him more than made up for this pain. Indeed, he had never been so happy in his life. 

THE END


If you enjoyed General Well’ngone In Love, please let others know by leaving a review at your favorite online bookseller.


Enjoy this free excerpt from the third volume in the Jewish Regency Mystery Series:

Tempest in the Tea Room 


CHAPTER I

“Re…be…cca! Reh…! Beh…! Beh…! ”
“Rebecca, why do you vex the child, when Isaac cannot speak? Your time would be more profitably spent in helping us hem these clothes.” Mrs Rose Lyon gave her daughter a disapproving glance and then returned her attention to the tiny dress that sat in her lap. 
Rebecca stroked the cheek of her nephew, Master Isaac Goldsmith, age four weeks, to reassure the infant that his inability to articulate the name of his eldest (and surely favourite) aunt was no aspersion on either his intelligence or his affectionate nature. “You want to say my name. I know you do,” she whispered. When she was greeted by a smile, or something that seemed very like, she, in turn, was reassured that her high estimation of her only nephew had not been misplaced. 
“Give me the dress, Mama, and I will hem it,” said the infant’s mother, Mrs Hannah Goldsmith. “Rebecca is much better employed in amusing Isaac.”
Rebecca could feel the tips of her ears turn red. She dearly loved her older sister, considering Hannah to be everything that a Daughter of Israel should be, but wished that Hannah had not brought up the subject, even subtly, of Rebecca’s inability to sew her stitches in an even line. 
“She must learn to master the needle,” Mrs Lyon said with a heartfelt sigh, plying her needle with expert motion. “What will people say when her children enter the Great Synagogue with ragged hems and uneven sleeves?”
“That is still several years away. She has ample time to improve her needlework. The main thing is to want to improve, which I am sure is a thing that Rebecca desires as much as you do. Is that not so, Rebecca?”
Rebecca did not answer at once. The truth was that she much preferred to wield a pen or a paintbrush than a needle, which always seemed to play pranks with her fingers and make the most disconcerting movements on the cloth. When she had heard Mr Franks, the father of her good friend Miss Harriet Franks, discuss with her father a machine that could cut cloth, sew seams and hems, and even produce a tolerable buttonhole, she had begged her father to procure the wonder at once. 
“Is such a machine in existence today?” Mr Lyon had asked.
“Oh, I do not speak of today,” Mr Franks had replied. “I speak of a future time, when the machine will perform many of the mundane tasks that currently occupy our hours.”
At the time, Rebecca had been contented with this answer. Now, however, she silently wondered if that future epoch might occur within the next six or seven years, when she could expect to take her place among the married matrons of London’s Jewish community. If so, she would be spared much agony. In the meanwhile, though, she was aware that both her sister and her mother were waiting for her reply.
“Yes, Hannah, I should like to improve. And I am sorry you no longer live with us in Devonshire Square, as I am sure that now that I am older I should make a much better pupil.”
“Bury Street is not so very far.”
“No, but you are so busy, since you have become a mother.”
“I have not the time, it is true, but perhaps Miss Taylor could perform the duties of a teacher.”
Mrs Lyon, who had been following the conversation with interest, said with astonishment, “Why should a stranger teach Rebecca sewing, when she has a mother to instruct her?”
“I did not mean to offend, Mama, but I think you will like my little scheme when you hear it.”
At that moment the patriarch of the family, Mr Samuel Lyon, entered the drawing room. In place of his usually genial manner, a more serious expression was etched upon his face. “What is this, Hannah? Motherhood should elevate a young lady, not turn her into a schemer or gossip.”
“Yes, Papa, but before you judge me, please do me the favour of first hearing what scheme I have planned.”
Mr Lyon took his accustomed seat by the hearth and motioned for his eldest child to proceed.
”It has come to my attention that the situation of Mr Taylor and his sister is not all that it should be,” Hannah began. “Their rooms are above ours, on Bury Street, as you know, Papa.”
Mr Lyon, having unintentionally fallen into the role of judge, nodded his head in what he hoped was a suitably judicial manner.
“Knowing that they are but newly arrived in London, and apparently without family or acquaintances,” Hannah continued, “I have on more than one occasion invited Miss Taylor to my apartments for tea. But she has refused my overtures.”
“This surprises me,” said Mr Lyon. “They accepted our invitation to the Seder. Miss Taylor seemed to be a sensible, well-bred young lady.”
“She praised my special recipe for gefilte fish exceedingly,” added Mrs Lyon, by way of agreement with her husband. 
“I believe she is a well-bred person, as well,” Hannah replied, “and that it is only the embarrassment of a too limited income that prevents her from accepting my invitations. If she were to have tea with me, she would feel obligated to invite me in return, and it is my belief that she and her brother do not have enough food for themselves, let alone others.”
“I do not understand you, Hannah,” said Mrs Lyon. “Is not Mr Taylor employed as physician to the Jewish orphanage? And how can he engage rooms on Bury Street, if he does not possess a comfortable income? The building is owned by Mr Melamed, who maintains his own apartments in the house next door. It is fantastic to suggest that Mr Melamed would let his property to paupers.”
Mr Lyon cleared his throat loudly and rose from his seat.
“What are you doing, Mr Lyon?” asked his helpmeet, as she watched him search behind the high-backed settle that stood in a corner of the room. “Passover has finished. There is no longer a need to search for chometz.”
“It is not unleavened bread that I am searching for,” he replied, turning his attention to the long-case clock and looking inside. Satisfied that the case was empty of all but the workings of the stately clock, he next walked over to the door that led to the library, which he quickly opened and just as quickly closed. 
“Then what are you looking for?”
“Joshua,” he replied, striding down to the far end of the drawing room, where he opened the door that led to the hall.
“Joshua and Esther and Sarah are in the nursery, in bed.”
“In theory, but I wish to be certain.”
After casting a careful eye behind the curtains, and finally assuring himself that a certain inquisitive six-year-old boy was not hidden in the room, Mr Lyon returned to his place by the mantelpiece. 
“What I am about to say must go no further than these four walls,” he began, casting a solemn glance upon each of the ladies in turn. “Mr Taylor and his sister are, indeed, without family or friends. Their parents died of the fever in Jamaica, as I understand, and Mr Taylor used the small legacy he received to undergo training as a physician. I believe he studied somewhere on the Continent.”
“If I recall correctly, at the Seder he mentioned that he had studied in Gottingen,” said Hannah.
“Why did he study medicine in a German city and not in England?” asked Rebecca.
“There is only one medical school in England that will accept young men of our faith, and places are limited,” replied Mr Lyon. “Mr Taylor was not accepted, perhaps because he was neither born nor reared in this country.”
Rebecca accepted this answer, but as so often happened, no sooner had one question been resolved than another one rushed into her mind. “I wonder that he did not return to Jamaica, to become a physician there. Jamaica must be very beautiful.”
“The island might have its charms for an artist,” said Mr Lyon, well aware of his daughter’s interest in painting and drawing. “But Mr Taylor has an unmarried sister, and the Caribbean is not the place to find her a suitable husband.”
“But if she has no fortune, what good will it do her to be in England?” asked Mrs Lyon, who was always very practical when it came to matrimonial matters. 
“Once her brother is established as a physician, Miss Taylor’s prospects should improve.”
Mrs Lyon remained doubtful. “His work at the orphanage cannot bring him much. Has he other patients?”
“I believe that Mr Melamed engaged his services before Passover. And should anyone in our family require a physician, I have assured Mr Melamed that we shall send for Mr Taylor, as well.”
“Thank G-d, our children are healthy - pooh, pooh, pooh,” said Mrs Lyon, looking nervously about her to make sure that no demon harbingers of disease had crept into the room. “I should not like to have a physician as a regular visitor to our home, unless, of course, it was to invite Mr Taylor and his sister for a Shabbos meal.”  
“I only say that should one of our children develop a cough or a sore throat, we would be doing Mr Melamed a favour by sending for Mr Taylor. You, Rebecca, for instance, if I am not mistaken, this evening you are looking a little pale. Are you perhaps not feeling well?”
“I am very well, only I am puzzled. Why would we be doing Mr Melamed a favour by engaging the services of …?” Rebecca suddenly blushed. “Oh, I see. Mr Taylor and his sister are Mr Melamed’s current charity case, is that it, Papa?”
“Mr Melamed is most likely letting the rooms on Bury Street for a minimal sum, until Mr Taylor’s medical practice is established,” said Hannah, taking up the conversation’s thread. 
“Our Sages tell us that the highest form of charity is to help set up a person in business, so that one day he will no longer need public assistance,” said Mr Lyon. “Therefore, it is the responsibility of all of us to help newcomers to our community, not just Mr Melamed.” 
“But we do not have to make ourselves sick to do so,” insisted Mrs Lyon.  
“That is why I should like to tell you my scheme, Papa. I have also tried to think of a way to help Mr Taylor and his sister.” 
“If your intention is to help and not harm, Hannah, I should very much like to hear what you have to say.”
“You, Papa, would not notice the expert manner in which Miss Taylor has mended and refashioned her walking costume from last year, but such things do attract a lady’s eye. I therefore thought that perhaps she could be employed to teach needlework to Rebecca and Esther and Sarah. We could say that she would be doing us a great favour, since Mama and I are so busy with making bed linen for the baby that we do not have the time to instruct the girls ourselves.”
“If Miss Taylor would give her assent, it would be a very good scheme, indeed. Do you not agree, Mrs Lyon?”
“With all my heart,” said Mrs Lyon. “Invite Miss Taylor to pay us a call the day after tomorrow, Hannah. I shall inform Mrs Baer.”
“Mrs Baer?” Mr Lyon protested. “Surely her duties at the coffee house would prevent her from attending a sewing party.” 
“I do not like to contradict you, my dear, but I assure you that once Mrs Baer hears that there is an orphaned young lady in London who is in search of a husband, there is nothing that will prevent her from making Miss Taylor’s acquaintance.”



CHAPTER II

To Rebecca’s immense relief, the ladies invited to the sewing party were too busy admiring the skilled alterations that Miss Taylor made to one of Hannah’s bonnets to pay much attention to her own attempt to embroider a handkerchief. Mrs Baer, in particular, was effusive with her compliments, and at the first occasion when Miss Taylor was out of earshot, she whispered to Mrs Lyon, “I know just the young man.” 
“Who?” asked Mrs Lyon, dropping a stitch in her excitement to learn which person had been chosen to be Miss Taylor’s future husband. 
Should the Reader be surprised that the future happiness of a young lady should be decided by someone who has made her acquaintance only an hour before, it can only be because you are not yet acquainted with the formidable powers of Mrs Baer, a woman in our community who is as well known for her matchmaking abilities as for her delicious kugels, which is saying a great deal. Just as some people have a talent for discovering the interlocking mysteries of nature or the navigational secrets of the star-filled sky, Mrs Baer has been blessed with an uncanny ability to dissect the mystery of a young person’s soul and—like the knowledgeable surgeon who knits together a fragmented bone with its fellow—join that soul to the mate who will both appreciate their good qualities and help them to smooth those still jagged edges where improvement is needed.
But before Mrs Baer could deposit the young man’s name into Mrs Lyon’s waiting ear, Miss Taylor had finished her tour of the china cabinet, where a series of china plates painted by Miss Rebecca Lyon was on display, and retaken her seat.
“You must be very proud of your daughter’s talents, Mrs Lyon,” she said. “I would give much to be able to paint as well.”
Mrs Lyon, unaccustomed to hearing her second daughter so highly praised, was momentarily at a loss for words. Miss Lyon was also surprised, but her astonishment expressed itself in a torrent of conversation.
“Do you really admire them, Miss Taylor?” Rebecca gushed. “It would be my pleasure to teach you how to paint, if you are sincere in your admiration, and perhaps you, in return, could teach me how to sew. I am frightfully backward in the art, which causes my mother immense pain.”   
“If the arrangement meets the approval of Mrs Lyon, I should be very happy to do so,” replied Miss Taylor.
Mrs Lyon shot a hasty glance in Hannah’s direction, but Hannah’s downcast eyes were busy examining the remains of a piece of seed cake that sat on her plate.
“I fear this is an unfair bargain,” said Mrs Lyon. “You are an accomplished needlewoman, Miss Taylor, while my daughter is still learning her craft.”
“Her lively conversation shall right the imbalance,” replied Miss Taylor. “The afternoons are often long, and I would be glad of the company.”   
The matter was therefore settled to the mutual satisfaction of Miss Taylor and Rebecca, and not long afterward Miss Taylor took her leave. Rebecca, expecting to hear praises for the brilliant way in which she had secured Miss Taylor for a sewing instructress, was dismayed to find herself berated from practically all sides.
“What did I do wrong?” she pleaded, turning from the black looks emanating from her mother to the more benign, but still disappointed frown that had appeared on Hannah’s face.
“The plan was to provide Miss Taylor with a more practical remuneration,” Hannah said softly. 
“She needs money, not painting lessons,” Mrs Lyon explained in her usual forthright manner. “You have ruined everything, with your interfering.”
“The child meant well,” said Mrs Baer, giving Rebecca’s arm a reassuring pat. “And, Rebecca, you managed to openly reveal the amiable heart that I could only suspect that Miss Taylor possesses. Her praises of your china plates and desire to become further acquainted with you, despite the difference in your ages, are ample proof that she is as eager to please others as she is to be pleased by her new friends. It is a great advantage in life to be happy with whatever circumstances the Al-Mighty has placed you in, which is why I think that Miss Taylor and Mr Jacob Oppenheim will be very happy together.”
“Mr Oppenheim? Why, of course!” Mrs Lyon exclaimed. “Hannah, you remember Mr Oppenheim, do you not?”
The pinkish tint that appeared on Hannah’s cheeks made words unnecessary. How could anyone in the Lyon family forget the great service that Mr Oppenheim, a former assistant in Mr Lyon’s fashionable clockmaker’s shop, had done for Mr Lyon, when that gentleman was faced with financial ruin? Or that Mr Oppenheim had harboured a secret hope that he might one day ask for Hannah’s hand in marriage—a hope that was dashed when Hannah married Mr David Goldsmith, instead? Since the matrimonial alliance between Hannah and Mr Goldsmith had been approved by Mrs Baer, there was no doubt that this was truly a match made in heaven. But even while the Jewish community was dancing at Hannah’s wedding, there was one unresolved matter that had cast a slight twinge of sadness upon the otherwise joyous occasion—when would Mr Oppenheim also attain such happiness and find his intended bride?
“But Mr Oppenheim now lives in Manchester,” said Hannah, her composure completely regained. “How shall you arrange a meeting between him and Miss Taylor?”
“Oh, I will think of something,” replied Mrs Baer, her eyes twinkling with pleasure. “Manchester is not on the other side of the sea. Boney shall not prevent this marriage from taking place, if it is meant to be.”
“Mr Oppenheim and Miss Taylor,” Mrs Lyon murmured happily, apparently already seeing, in her mind’s eye, the happy couple standing under the marriage canopy. “It is a brilliant suggestion, Mrs Baer, but are you sure Mr Oppenheim will not mind that his bride has no dowry?”
“No dowry?” The light departed from Mrs Baer’s eyes. “Are you sure?”
“Mr Lyon has heard that Miss Taylor and her brother are practically penniless.”
“That does complicate matters. If it is not Boney, it is something else,” said Mrs Baer with a sigh. “No wonder our Sages say that finding a marriage partner is as difficult as splitting the sea.”  
At this second mention of “Boney,” the English patriot’s name for the Frenchman who has wrecked such havoc in these times, Napoleon Bonaparte, the talk turned to news about the war and the battle that had recently taken place near a Portuguese village called Fuentes de Onoro. While Mrs Lyon lamented the fact that the Portuguese and Spanish would insist on calling their villages and towns by the most fantastic and unpronounceable names, Mrs Baer expressed an opinion that Viscount Wellington was stretching his troops too thin. Or so Mr Baer had said, and he was in a position to know since his coffee house—a kosher establishment situated in the City—was frequented by some who were privy to information not readily available to the general public. 
“They say that more than a thousand of our troops were killed,” said Mrs Baer, “and that the French losses were twice as many, if not more. I do not see why Boney cannot be content with being the Emperor of the French. Why must he insist on ruling the entire world?”
While the married ladies discussed this interesting question, Rebecca had other weighty matters to consider. Somehow, she must repair the damage she had caused to the Taylors and think of a way to transfer payment for her sewing lessons into Miss Taylor’s hand without causing the young lady embarrassment. As her brain was unusually devoid of ideas, she decided to ask the opinion of Miss Harriet Franks.
Ever since the Franks family had returned to Devonshire Square—a happy event that had occurred after Mr Franks had been cleared of the charge of being a spy for Napoleon—the two young ladies had resumed their friendship as though there had never been a separation. Thus, Perl, the Lyon family’s housemaid, was not surprised to see Rebecca slip on a pelisse over her muslin dress and then dash out the front door. Nor was the housemaid of the Franks family surprised to see Miss Lyon standing on the doorstep of the Franks’s residence, which was only two doors down from Rebecca’s home. During the course of almost any day there were any number of reasons why two young ladies of not quite the marriageable age must consult one another for sage advice and judicious opinion. On this occasion, though, Rebecca was very surprised to be informed that she could not see her friend. 
“Miss Franks is indisposed,” said the housemaid. “The entire family is indisposed.”
Rebecca noticed at once the girl’s anxious expression. “It is not serious, I hope.”
“I am sure I do not know, Miss. Perhaps Mr Taylor can tell you, for I think I hear him coming down the stairs now.”
The housemaid opened the front door wider, so that Rebecca could see inside. Mr Taylor was, indeed, descending the stairs. Yet unlike the sweeping wooden staircase, which had been polished until the steps shone like new, the young physician looked curiously worn and troubled.
“Mr Taylor, perhaps you will remember me. I am Rebecca Lyon. You and Miss Taylor were at my family’s Seder.”
Mr Taylor bowed, in acknowledgement of her salutation. “I hope no one in your family has taken ill, Miss Lyon.”
“No, thank G-d. But Miss Franks is my very best friend in the entire world. Please say that I may see her, and that her condition is not serious. And that her parents will recover, as well.”
For the first time, Mr Taylor smiled. “I apologize that my gloomy expression has needlessly alarmed you. I have every expectation that your friend and Mr and Mrs Franks will recover. I believe it is nothing more than an indisposition brought on by a tainted piece of fish. But because they have all spent an uncomfortable night, I think it best that they spend today resting undisturbed. If, however, you would like to send a note to Miss Franks, I am sure it will do her much good.”
“You have relieved my mind immensely,” Rebecca replied. 
The housemaid allowed Rebecca to enter the drawing room, where Rebecca knew that paper and pen and ink would be at her disposal. While she wrote her note, Mr Taylor requested that the housemaid escort him to the kitchen so that he could give instructions to the cook.

Dear Harriet (she wrote), 
Your illness has alarmed me to no end, and I should have been frantic with worry had not Mr Taylor assured me that you will soon be well. Please follow his instructions diligently, as I have a very important matter to discuss with you. I will fly to your bedside as soon as I hear that you are strong enough to receive a visitor. 
Your faithful friend who intends not to sleep a wink until she hears that Hashem has sent you a complete recovery,
Rebecca
P.S. Isaac tried to say my name today. I am sure of it. But that is not the matter I wish to discuss with you. 
P.P.S. Please send my compliments to Mr and Mrs Franks and my best wishes for their speedy and complete recovery.

When she was quite sure that she had no more postscripts to add to her letter, she carefully blotted the page and waited for the ink to dry. By the time she was ready to hand the important missive to the Franks’s housemaid, Mr Taylor was also ready to depart. 
“May I walk you to your door, Miss Lyon?”
Rebecca was momentarily flustered. She had never walked alone with a man who was not a member of her family—unless it was with their servant Meshullam Mendel, who was almost like a family member—and even though the distance was just a few steps away she was not sure if she should accept the invitation or find a reason to remain in the Franks’s home. But Mr Taylor was already leading her to the pavement, and in an instant he made his intentions clear.
“I did not wish to speak in front of the servants,” he said, “but I am curious about one thing. Is their cook newly employed, or has she been with the Franks family for some time?”
“Oh, she has been their cook forever - or at least for as long as I can remember.” 
“Thank you. Good evening.”
They had reached Rebecca’s home at the same moment that Mr Lyon was returning from his shop on Cornhill Street. Mr Lyon raised an eyebrow, but before he could say a word his daughter told him the distressing news concerning the Franks family.
“Is there anything we can do?” he asked Mr Taylor. “Perhaps we can send over some soup?”
“I have spoken with their cook and she has assured me that she has everything she needs to prepare the family’s meals according to my instructions. Good evening, Mr Lyon.” Mr Taylor then bowed again to Rebecca and said, “Good evening, Miss Lyon. I hope that tomorrow will bring you happier tidings concerning your friend.” 
Mr Taylor turned to go, but Mr Lyon called after him, “Mr Taylor, will you not join us for supper? We would be honoured if you would dine with us.”
“Thank you, but my sister is waiting for me in our rooms.”
The young man bowed again, and hurried out of the square.  
 


CHAPTER III

When Mr Taylor returned to his rooms, his sister was waiting for him, as he had said. However, Mr Taylor saw that standing at the doorway was another person, as well.
“Good evening, sir,” said the stranger. “I see by your expression that you do not know me, but I trust that we will soon be happy to have made one another’s acquaintance.” 
Here the merchant - for it was all too evident from the man’s familiar ways that he was one of those who are friends with the world not because he cherishes friendship for itself but because he sees in the world a herd of potential buyers for his wares—showed the object he was holding in his hand, a metal tin.
“Yesterday, tea was the exclusive pleasure of the English aristocrat,” the merchant babbled on, as he insinuated himself into the room, “a beverage drunk only in the highest circles. Today all that is changed, thanks to the enterprise I am proud to represent: Amos & Amos. Remember the name, sir, for the next time you will be coming to me, and not I to you. It is our privilege to have found a way to make this drink of the gods affordable to those who inhabit less lofty spheres. And I was just remarking to your wife, who cannot hide her expertise in the housewifely arts from an eye as skilled as mine, she will find no better quality tea for so reasonable a price anywhere else in London. How many tins would you like to purchase, sir? I usually am allowed to sell only one sample tin to a household, but because I see that you are a man of some intelligence and refinement I will make an exemption and sell you two.”
The merchant had already set down upon the table the tin he had been holding in his hand and was about to reach into his great coat’s pocket for the promised second tin, when Mr Taylor stopped him. “You need not trouble yourself, Mr …”
“Amos, sir. My brother, Mr Lazer Amos, is the genius behind our manufacturing process, while I, Baruch Amos, am merely his humble representative in the marketplace.”
“We do not drink tea, Mr Amos. Good evening.”
“That is my point exactly, sir,” replied Mr Amos, refusing to be so easily rebuffed. “Why should not respectable working people such as yourself and your Missus be able to drink a refreshing cup of tea at the end of a long and tiring day? Why should tea leaves, which grow in such abundance in G-d’s glorious world, be priced so high in the desultory world devised by mortal man? These are the sorts of questions my brother and I asked one another. This is the answer.”
Two tins of tea were now sitting on the table. Mr Taylor could see that his sister—he had not bothered to correct the merchant’s mistake—was looking at the tins with a longing eye. But he remained resolute. Returning the tins to the merchant’s hands, he said, “I shall not repeat myself a third time, sir. We do not drink tea.”
Mr Amos received the rejected tins with solemn dignity, and bowed his way to the door. But before he departed in defeat, he shot off one last salvo into the fray. “Amos & Amos. Mark my words, one day you will be coming to me, sir, and not I to you.”
The door closed. Mr Taylor gave a weary sigh of relief as he sank down onto a chair. “Why did you let him come inside, Elisheva?”
“It has been so long since we have had tea with our supper. And he said the tea he was offering was so reasonable. And …” Her voice drifted off into silence.
“And you hate having to live in poverty, watching every penny, not being able to afford a new dress or pay social calls to the other young ladies in the neighbourhood, such as Mrs Hannah Goldsmith.”
“You are not being fair, Gabriel. I have never complained about helping you advance in your career. But you, at least, are out in the world. You see people. You converse with them. I remain inside these four walls every day.”
Mr Taylor loosened the stiff cravat wound about his neck, and as the linen folds gave way his stern expression softened, as well. “I apologize. I should not have spoken so harshly to you. But, Elisheva, if I ask you to economize, I ask it for your own good. If you are to marry, you will need a dowry. The few pennies saved on a tin of tea may not seem much in and of themselves, but over time the money saved will accumulate.”
“When? When I am an old woman ready for the grave?”
Elisheva Taylor was not a young lady who often allowed herself the luxury of a good cry, but the deprivations endured during the last several years had accumulated to such an extent that the barriers she had erected between her sense of duty and her natural sensibilities now tore apart and a torrent of tears ushered forth. Her brother waited patiently for the storm to subside, and then gently asked, “I know it is not the tea you are weeping over, Elisheva. What has happened? What has changed?”
The young lady wiped away the few remaining tears with the corner of her apron and said, “I was invited to the home of Mrs Lyon, to Devonshire Square.”
“For what reason?”
“I am not sure I know. The ladies were all doing some sewing. We talked. We had cakes, and tea.”
“It was pleasant?”
“Yes, it was pleasant to be in company again. But when I returned home and all was so silent …”
“Mrs Goldsmith was there, with her child?”
Elisheva did not reply. 
“I promise you, Elisheva,” said Mr Taylor, rising from his chair to place his hands on his younger sister’s shoulders, “that one day you shall also be a happily married woman, surrounded by your children. And it shall be when you are still young. It shall be soon.”
They were interrupted by a knock at the door. 
“If it is Amos & Amos calling again, I shall …” Mr Taylor opened the door, but he had no need to complete his threat. The tea merchant must have gone to find greener fields, for he was not the one standing at the door.
“Alt clo’s, sir?” asked an elderly Jew, dressed in ragged clothes, whose hoary head was crowned by a faded, low-sitting, flat-brimmed hat, which had been the height of fashion some ten years previously and from which there now escaped several tangled strands of white hair in a straggly fashion. “Buy or sell, I am at your service, sir.”
“Come in and I shall ask my sister.”
The old man, whose name was Jeremiah Schneider, entered the room and Mr Taylor quickly closed the door.  “Have a seat, sir,” he said to the elderly Jew. “Elisheva, is there still some salop?”
The old clothes man sat down, while Elisheva went to the hearth and removed the kettle from the hob. She poured some of the hot water into two mugs, and then into each added a spoonful of powdered orchid root. When the powder had dissolved, she added a few drops of rosewater, to sweeten the brew. 
“Will you not join us, Elisheva?” asked the old man, after Elisheva had placed the two mugs on the table. 
“I am not thirsty,” she replied.
“She was invited to take tea at Devonshire Square,” Mr Taylor added.
The elderly Jew raised his bushy white eyebrows. “Devonshire Square? That’s a fine place to wet your whistle. So is Bury Street, for that matter. But I have not come to pay a social call. I am in trouble, Gabriel.”
“What kind of trouble?”
“Hanging trouble.”   

Your have reached the end of this free excerpt. 
To purchase Tempest in the Tea Room, visit your favourite online bookseller. 



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Libi Astaire is an award-winning author who often writes about Jewish history. In addition to her Jewish Regency Mystery Series featuring Ezra Melamed, General Well’ngone and the Earl of Gravel Lane, she is the author of Terra Incognita, a novel about modern-day descendants of Spain’s crypto-Jews, The Banished Heart, a novel about Shakespeare’s writing of The Merchant of Venice, and several volumes of Chassidic tales. She lives in Jerusalem, Israel. 
For updates about future books in the Jewish Regency Mystery Series, visit her website at www.libiastaire.weebly.com.


GET COZY WITH ANOTHER GREAT
JEWISH REGENCY MYSTERY 
 
Tempest in the Tea Room
 
“For anyone who loves Jane Austen, Georgette Heyer, or who enjoys cleverly plotted mysteries dressed in period costumes.” — Kansas City Jewish Chronicle

When a young doctor newly arrived in London is accused of attempting to poison his patients, Mr. Melamed must discover the true culprit before it’s too late. 


The Moon Taker 

In this second volume of the Jewish Regency Mystery Series, General Well’ngone and the Earl of Gravel Lane set out to discover who murdered Mr. Hamburg, a colleague of theirs in the secondhand linen trade. But before they can unmask the killer, they must unravel the secret of a mysterious snuff box—a quest that takes them from their East End slum to an elegant country house where a group of distinguished astronomers are meeting. 


The Doppelganger’s Dance

	
In this third volume of the Jewish Regency Mystery Series, David Salomon, a young violinist and composer, has left New York to find fame and fortune in Regency London. But disaster strikes not long after he arrives. Someone is stealing his compositions before he can perform them and soon he is the laughingstock of the beau monde that he had hoped to conquer. With few friends and even fewer resources, he turns to Ezra Melamed for help with finding the thief. But the deeper Mr. Melamed looks into the violinist’s story the more jarring notes he finds, making The Doppelganger’s Dance one of the most discomposing mysteries in the career of this team of British detectives who are definitely in a class of their own.


Too Many Coins
“A wonderful drawing room mystery with just the right amount of complexity and intrigue” — Amazon.com

When an ancient coin from the Land of Israel goes missing during a dinner party hosted by the Lyon family, the most likely suspect is Judah Birnbaum, a young man from the Holy Land who has come to England to raise funds for his community in Safed. But why would the young man jeopardize his mission by stealing the coin? In this novella, Mr. Melamed for once has too many clues—which makes the matter of the missing coin one of the most wholly baffling cases of his career. 

