



YOKCHE

a Chase Larsen adventure




P.J. Erickson




Copyright © 2001 by P.J. Erickson.
Revised eBook edition 2015
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced in any form without permission.


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, places and events portrayed in this book are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.


All rights reserved.



 
TABLE OF CONTENTS




Author’s note
About the author
Contact P. J.
Kill Devil sample
Diary of an Airedale sample




One
Chase felt the change in the soft-packed sand as he neared the water. A three-quarter moon lightened the dark surface of the sea as it heaved slowly, gunmetal gray shot with silver, like some huge monster hulking in the shadows.
In contrast, the velvet sky with its sprinkling of stars seemed so close and comforting that he wanted to reach out and wrap it around his shoulders like Merlin’s mantle. The warm breath of a jet stream breeze tickled his cheek like a woman’s sigh. Thick stands of Sea Grapes surrounded the tiny stretch of pristine sand that sloped smoothly to the water, not so much as a single shell marring its surface. Paradise lost. 
Chase carefully set the coffee can down. He sat cross-legged behind it, smelling the salt and the seaweed, absorbing the sounds of the night. Soft scrabblings stirred vague thoughts of turtles and crabs.  For a while he soaked up the nature around him, communing with whatever great spirit was out there. Then, silently mouthing words of farewell, he picked up the can and hurled it far out into the ocean, as far as he had ever thrown. The sea seemed to rise up and accept the gift, silently drawing it down its cavernous throat. Done. As promised. 
Relieved, Chase lit an ultra-light, his concession to trying to quit. Dragging the smoke deeply into his lungs he gazed upward, searching for the tracks of a soul traveling at the speed of light. His grief washed over him. His shoulders shook and he swallowed convulsively, brushing angrily at the tears that trickled down his face as his mind ran the movie of memories that comprised his beloved baby sister. He let it run. Grief was something he knew all too much about. 
A gentle bump on his foot brought his attention back to the present. Idly he glanced down to see what it was, his mind refusing to acknowledge what his eyes saw. The can could not have traveled back so fast and directly to him? Ancestral instincts stirred in the depths of his belly, raising the hairs on the back of his neck.  Childhood tales of runes and witchcraft flashed across his mind and he was once again a terrified child, listening to the old folk’s stories from behind the stairs. He shook his head in disbelief, an inward smile struggling to reach the surface. That was Sophie.  She didn't want to go.  She always had been stubborn as hell. 
Thank God he’d had the presence of mind to slip the Jack Daniels into his saddlebags.  Can't do a dirty deed on a dark night without Jack beside you. Chase took a long pull on the liquor. This was the second time that can had landed at his feet. After the service, not really knowing what to do with it, Chase put the can bearing his sister’s ashes in his uncle's favorite corner closet. The closet door didn’t close properly, but it had a good three inch lip sticking up from the floor, and earlier that evening, while he watched television, that can had rolled out of the closet and straight to his feet, damned if it hadn't. 
That had spooked him so bad he'd strapped the can onto the back of his Harley and raced up to the beach and into the sea grapes, only stopping to throw some palm fronds over the bike. He didn't want some yo-yo running off with his bike while he did his brotherly duty. He didn’t want the cops bothering him either. They patrolled this area regularly. He had been remiss in not complying with Sophie's wishes. 
Okay, there was only one thing for it. Thank god it was a calm night. Fortified somewhat by the Jack, but still spooked by the day's events, Chase gingerly picked up the can. He waded out a little way, thankful he was wearing jeans, not leathers; part of his mind gnawing on the knowledge that sharks and rays often came right up to the edge of the water. He was a pool man himself. A resident of Florida for most of his adult life, he never went into the ocean if he could avoid it. Between sharks, man-o'war and sea lice, he much preferred a nice clean, clear pool.  He’d even read in the paper where a giant octopus had been found off the coast of the Breakers Hotel in Palm Beach. Evidently, it had hitched a ride from South America on a merchant ship and decided this was a nice vacation spot. Who even believed in such things? 
Chase didn’t go out very far. He pried off the lid and with a few choice words for his ancestors and an apology for his sister, dribbled the contents onto the surface of the water. He hoped he'd said the right words, it had been a very long time since he had used the Norse. 
Back on the beach he threw the empty can out to sea again, keeping a wary eye on its general direction.  It was done, his baby sister had finally let go, though she evidently didn’t want to. There was unfinished business here and Sophie was telling him so. 
Sophie had not died accidentally. Chase knew it. Her body had been found, half-naked, tossed like a piece of garbage, near the ninth hole of the exclusive Sand Hills Country Club in Jupiter. The medical examiner had listed the cause of death as a lightning strike, coincidental with a violent storm the previous evening. This had not satisfied Chase, nor had his meeting with the deputy in charge of the case. 
Chase would find the truth, but not tonight. The mystic side of nature, inherited from his ancestors and long suppressed, had gotten the upper hand tonight and Chase didn’t like being spooked. He was alone now. Sophie was the last of his family. He grieved for her, missed her so badly the pain was almost physical, but he must put the grief behind him, and quickly. He needed all his resources for the job at hand. 
Brushing off the sand, Chase retrieved the bike and savagely kicked it into life. The panhead was an extension of him. He had built it lovingly, piece by piece, refining and shaping it over many years until it became almost a live thing. It had never been ridden by anyone else, most likely never would be. It wouldn’t fit anyone else. He and the pan could outrun anything, even trouble. When the cobwebs were blown from his soul, he would commune with his pal Jack until death and memories were blotted away. Then he would be ready to explore the real truth about his sister’s death. 
The bike responded throatily and Chase rammed his way through the sea grapes until he was free, skidding onto the road sideways, tires screeching. He gunned the motor. Steel and flesh merged and raced like a rampaging monster into the night. Chase threw open the throttle, blind to danger. He felt only his pain and fury. The machine roared its pleasure and Chase howled his grief into the wind, viciously pushing the bike to its limits as he tried to blot out the picture of his dead sister. 
 



Two 

Brian Cavenaugh suppressed a yawn. Bored, he walked to the window and idly watched the life teeming below him in the busy streets of Johannesburg. The old man had kept him waiting for twenty minutes already, not that he wasn’t used to it. A life in the field had taught Brian patience first and foremost but he wasn’t in the field now. At the ripe old age of fifty-five, they had dragged him kicking and screaming from his coveted position as one of South Africa’s most successful agents, to the humiliating, stultifying boredom of a desk job. All he was good for now was telling war stories to the rest of the round-eyed office staff and Brian knew he couldn’t stand it much longer. 
He had been considering retirement. The trouble was, he didn’t know what to do next. Most of his working day, with little else on his desk, was filled with the problem of what to do with the rest of his life, stretching ahead of him, empty and dull. What he wouldn’t give to go back out in the service of his country. 
“You can go in now.” The old man’s secretary spoke quietly but her voice was all business, sharply jolting Brian from his musings. She had worked there for as long as the old man and was as tough as nails. She was the only person in the place Brian couldn’t intimidate. There had been rumors about the two of them, her and the old man, but no one could remember what she looked like when she was young and no one dared to voice the thought now. 
Brian wondered what the old man had on his mind, but he knew better than to try to cadge it out of old iron drawers. It didn’t much matter anyway. One desk looked just like another. He got up and walked smartly into the inner sanctum just like in the old days. 
“Brian, my boy. Good to see you.” The head of South African secret intelligence waved Brian to a chair while he puffed mightily, attempting to blow some life into the remaining embers of his pipe. 
Brian sat. “It’s been a while sir.” 
“Too long.” The old man peered at Brian from under bushy white eyebrows. “You're looking fit. Arthur tells me you’re doing a wonderful job but I’m afraid I’ll have to pull you away from it for a while.” 
“Yes sir.” What now? Brian wondered. Would they relegate him to the mail room? 
The old man handed him a file, a red one. That meant top security classification. “Read that. Then pack your bags. You’re leaving for the States in two hours.” 
“Sir?” Brian couldn’t believe his ears. He was going back in the field. “Yes sir.”
 
 


Three 
Chase surfaced slowly the next day. Despite the enormous amount of Jack Daniels he had managed to consume, Gentlemen Jack at that, he had not been able to sleep. Somewhere in that long evening he had forgotten that he was forty-six and could not drink like he used to. The twenty-three broken bones he'd collected over the years creaked in protest. His head wouldn't let him lift it off the pillow and his mouth felt like he'd smoked ten cartons of cigarettes at once. Still acclimatized to the deserts of the Middle East, from where he had been so sadly summoned, the raucous screech of the blue jays outside his window competed with his pounding headache and won out, causing him to wish he had a shotgun handy. 
Cautiously, Chase squinted his eyes against the sunlight poking through the drawn shades. It made patterns like strobe lighting, bouncing off the rotating blades of the old paddle fan and whirling round the room. Chase closed his eyes fast. He was starting to whirl too. 
When Chase opened his eyes again sometime later, it was to find dog breath in his face and Jake still sleeping, flat on his back, all four paws in the air, blissful in his comfort. Jake cocked one ear up but didn't move. He was not a morning dog. Like his owner, he was a night prowler, a macho hunter and unlike his master, a lousy watchdog. Jake needed ten minutes to come round from a sound sleep; it was comical to watch. If a noise required Jake’s attention while he was sleeping, he would jerk upright and lurch drunkenly around, trying to wake up enough to figure out what was going on. Chase had laughingly told Sophie she had better get an attack cat in case of burglars. More seriously, he had instructed her on the use of his.38 until he felt confident she would use it. 
Easing his way up, a bit at a time, Chase realized the place was a mess. A life on the road had not equipped him with good housekeeping skills. Sophie would have scolded him, even though she loved having him around to pick up after and cook for. 
Sophie had moved in nine months ago following the death of her husband. Chase was headed for another overseas trip, to Jordan this time. Sophie needed a break and Jake needed company. It had worked out perfectly. Until he got the call that is. It was hard to believe she was gone. Although she had kept all of her things in the spare room so as not to impose on him, Sophie’s imprint was all over the house. 
Feeling his way carefully, Chase finally made it to the kitchen, found the aspirin and managed to put on the coffee before he staggered to the bathroom. He stared critically at the face that looked back at him from the mirror, bleary-eyed.  It was weathered and rugged from many years of riding into the wind. The cobalt blue eyes that faded with his mood like a pair of stonewashed jeans, were surrounded by a web of laugh lines and starting to hood a little with age. The beard and mustache surely had more gray than yesterday, and the nose - Chase hated his nose. Once straight and Nordic, it had been flattened late one night by a careless trucker who didn’t see Chase on the bike. He still had the hair of his heritage though, full and thick and the envy of other men his age. He was vain about his hair and wore it longish, deliberately thumbing his nose at the poor sods who couldn’t grow any, let alone wear it long. He was lucky that it was dirty blonde. The gray didn’t show too much. Even with the smashed nose it was a good face, a face of character. It had attracted a lot of women over the years and still did. Pleased with the inventory, Chase even managed a song in the shower. 
Later Chase fixed bacon and eggs for him and Jake. The combination of jet lag, the cremation and yesterday's bizarre happenings culminating in a massive drunk, had taken its toll. Today he would take it easy. He had plenty of time, six weeks before returning to work. That should be enough. 
He took his coffee and wandered into Sophie's room, idly looking it over. He was reluctant to start. Should he pack stuff away or give it away? He couldn't bear to keep it here, best pack it up quickly and stow it in the attic. Later he could decide what to do with it, when he could deal with it. There wasn't that much. Sophie herself had jettisoned all her personal possessions before coming to Florida and had brought only a couple of suitcases and some photographs. 
Chase opened all the drawers and closets and started throwing things in the cases, working his way around the room. Last of all were the cosmetics and jewelry lying on the dresser and a small wooden trinket box of intricately inlaid wood. Chase remembered that box, he had brought it back for her from New Guinea, and she had treasured it. Inside were only some odd-looking stones covered in sand. Some were thin and glassy looking and some were almost like bits of coral, branching, tube¬like pieces. He wondered why she had kept those. Well, they were important so they stayed in the box for now. 
Everything packed and stowed in the attic, he felt physically better but his sadness deepened and his resolve strengthened. Time to start looking for the truth. Annie should be in the office by now. He would start there.
 



Four

The courthouse was crowded as usual. The flotsam and jetsam of humanity bustled through, anxiously seeking to escape another crisis in their lives. It was always the same. Only the faces changed. Most of them. Dominick Wilding looked up from the divorce file he had been researching, unable to concentrate any more as the argument just outside the door intruded more solidly on his senses. 
“No and that’s final.” The speaker, obviously a lawyer, but no one Dominick knew, looked worn and harassed, most likely a public defender by the look of him. 
“What do you mean, ‘No’?” The other guy was aggressively argumentative, glowering menacingly at being refused. He was of medium build and height with gingery hair and pale skin. There was about him an air of seedy darkness as if nothing good had ever happened in his life. He wore a full-length leather duster like the ones the cowboys wore in all those new western movies. He was shaking so violently, hands clenched at his sides, that Dominick couldn’t decide if the man was so pissed off he wanted to punch out his lawyer, or if he was just high. 
Dominick gave up trying to read the file. A couple of years ago he had fired his associates, cut down his office staff and switched his practice to divorce, hoping to make a better living, but it was grinding, thankless work. He missed the old days, a little contract work, a little personal injury, some criminal work thrown in. 
The argument had finished. The public defender left and the leather-coated junkie swore violently. He swung around and punched the wall in frustration. 
Dominick shut the file and handed it back to the clerk. Might as well find out what it was all about. He liked to keep a file outside his chosen field once in a while just to stay tuned. He picked up his briefcase and swung into the hallway handing a business card to the man as he went. 
“Dominick Wilding. Couldn’t help overhearing your argument here. Something I can help with?” 
The man looked up from the bench where he had slumped after punching the wall.  “Why?” 
Typical, thought Dominick. You offer them help and they act like you just crawled out from under a rock. Dominick shrugged, ready to blow it off. “That’s what I do and you look like you just lost your lawyer.” 
The man looked Dominick up and down slowly. “You do criminal law?” 
“Now and again. What’s the charge?” 
“Grass, possession.” 
“First offense?” 
“Nah, but I never got a conviction.” 
Dominick thought for a moment. Well, why not? Money was money. He looked at his watch. “I’m late for a hearing. I can help you if you want. Call my office for an appointment.” Dominick was halfway down the hall when he turned and yelled back, “What’s your name?” 
The other man stood in sullen silence for a moment then replied. “O’Shaugnessy. Michael O’Shaugnessy.” 
“Call me.” Dominick turned and raced for the elevator.
 


 
Five
Chase pulled up outside a grubby looking Quonset hut in the warehouse district in Jupiter. He’d seen the homeless in better-looking shelters, Chase mused as he sauntered toward the door. He pulled up his collar, adjusted his dark glasses and slouched. He took long drags of his cigarette and deliberately kept turning around, looking furtive. From past experience, he knew full well that a camera had tracked him from across the street and he took puckish delight in looking as criminal as possible, totally subverting the abandoned air of the hut and doing a magnificent job of drawing attention to himself. Annie would be pissed, even if no one noticed.  He located the minuscule buzzer and cartooned impatience for the camera with his best James Dean broodiness, until he heard the door click and nimbly slipped inside. 
The effect was always the same for Chase. He thought Alice must have felt like this when she fell through the rabbit hole. It was a rabbit hole, wasn’t it? He stood in another century. Expensive antiques mingled with and camouflaged high-tech office equipment. The place reminded him of a nineteenth century study in an English manor house, complete with polished dark wood paneling, real gaslight fixtures and heavy leather chairs. Bookcases ran floor to ceiling with a librarian’s ladder alongside. The only thing missing was a roaring fire. It was a very comfortable and very male room. 
In contrast, the figure behind the massive partner’s desk at the end of the room was very female. She lounged back in her chair, her feet propped up on the desk, red toenails peeping from impossibly high-heeled black sandals. She wore skintight black pedal pushers and a black camisole three sizes too small emblazoned with the words “Rocky slept here” across her somewhat skinny chest. Completing her ensemble were black, fingerless gloves, black leather studded wristbands and a dog collar. Ever the biker chick, Annie hadn’t changed. 
They were old friends. He had helped her out once, years ago, when she was in the wrong company, in the wrong place at the wrong time. There was nothing attractive about Annie, not even her personality. She had had a terrible life and as far as he knew she had no family and fewer friends. She did have a lot of money though, and after one man and one Daytona too many she had disappeared for a while to re-emerge as a well-respected private eye. They had kept in touch over the years. Annie’s business had become her life and she had done very well. She was the best. Even the cops, who wouldn’t acknowledge the existence of private investigators, spoke well of and occasionally even recommended her. 
Annie put her feet down, none too elegantly, and stalked toward him, scrutinizing him with a laser like intensity from head to foot. “Nice performance, Chase.” Seemingly about to read him the riot act, she apparently changed her mind. “You look like hell. Worse than my cat after she got spayed. That must be some hangover. I need your full attention, buddy boy, so don’t pull any grief-stricken brother shit with me. Here, drink this.” She shoved a large, French crystal snifter at him. It was half full of brandy. Unexpectedly, her face softened and she took his arm, drawing him toward the sofa. “You know me, Chase, the queen of hard-hearted bitches, but I loved Sophie too. I’ve already started working and there’ll be no tab for this one.” 
Chase was not taken in by Annie’s tough act. She’d been doing it all her life. “Thanks Annie. I’m grateful for what you’ve done so far, but anything here on out I pay for. Mostly I just need somewhere to start. I’ve been away so long that I don’t know what Sophie’s life was about.” 
Annie knew better than to argue. She became all business. There would be time for catch up later. “Okay, you’re the boss. Here’s what I’ve got. I sweet-talked a copy of the incident report out of the deputy who responded to the call and I also managed to get the autopsy report from the ME’s office. By the way, the dick assigned to Sophie’s case is a total asshole, you’ll get nothing out of him and you can’t go around him either. He’s the sheriff’s son-in-law, a rookie who advanced giant leaps in the ranks in short order. The case is closed as accidental death and that’s the way it stays. You know how the good ol’ boys work.” 
Chase did know. It didn’t matter. This was his job not theirs. Sophie was his sister. “So, was it lightning?” 
“It looks that way but there are a few oddities. Sophie did die of cardiac arrest – are you sure you want to go through this?” Chase nodded. 
Annie watched him guardedly as she continued, keeping all emotion out of her voice.  “She took a direct hit. She had superficial burns, cerebral damage, corneal lesions, ruptured ear drums and skull fracture.” 
Chase winced and lowered his head, trying to shut out the image of his sister damaged in this way. 
“She also had these fernlike burns which are caused by vaporized sweat or rainwater.”  Annie passed over a picture of Sophie as she was found, not looking at the pain on Chase’s face. The picture showed a head shot of Sophie as she lay on the grass, her long blond hair fanned around her in wild disarray. Her skin pale, with strange feathery burn marks on it, she looked like a beautiful alien from another planet, perhaps a mermaid. 
Chase forced himself to pay attention. “I thought she would be burnt to a crisp, disfigured.” 
Annie shook her head. “I was surprised too, so I did some checking. It seems that most victims of lightning survive. Only a direct strike that causes cardiac arrest usually kills, and most fatalities also suffer blunt trauma, as Sophie did, from the force of the strike. Victims can be thrown quite a distance by the expansion and contraction of air near the strike, or they can suffer blunt trauma through muscular contractions. The lightning hits at a temperature of about eight thousand degrees, but only for a fraction of a second, not long enough to cause deep burns. Luckily her clothes didn’t catch fire or it would have been worse but you can see here, where her necklace melted and burnt her.” 
Annie shot another quick glance at Chase. Chase knew she wasn’t too sure how much of this he could take. He remembered she had once told him he was, at the same time, the toughest and most sensitive guy she had ever met. Apparently decided, she refilled his brandy glass. The shock of this was keeping him sober. No stranger to violence, and usually emotionally controlled, this was the first time it had touched someone he loved. 
Gently Annie touched Chase on the arm. “She didn’t suffer any, Chase. Her heart stopped instantly.” As if angry with herself for her show of sympathy, Annie rummaged around and came up with another photograph, the same shot but taken at a greater distance. “This is weird, you see anything unusual about this?” 
Chase studied the shot for several seconds trying to figure it out. “The grass and shrubbery are dry. There are no branches or storm debris. Chase frowned, perplexed. “But I thought she was found shortly after her death?” 
“She was. I checked with the weather station. There was a violent storm that night. It covered a very small area and didn’t reach the golf course, but the weather people told me that lightning can strike as far as ten miles in front of a storm. The cops bought that theory, of course.” She shrugged eloquently. 
“You’re not buying it? You think she was moved?” 
“I think it’s a definite possibility.” Annie squirmed in her seat. She always did that when she was going to get intense. “Chase, I can’t for the life of me think why anyone would want to kill Sophie. Between you and her husband she lived such a sheltered life her world was like a golden bubble surrounding her, where death, disease and pestilence were incompre¬hensible.” 
“But-” 
“But I knew Sophie almost as well as you did. She wouldn’t have been outdoors in a storm, not ever. She would have been hiding in a closet with Jake, and as far as golfing goes, she hated everything about golf. No. Something stinks here. Every instinct I have screams ‘Wrong’.” 
Chase smiled at the picture Annie conjured up. Sophie was indeed terrified of thunderstorms and if her passions could be described as running to anything so dark as hate, then yuppies and golfing would be high on the list. Sophie had little time for the ‘me’ generation. 
Chase watched Annie’s rubbery face screw up in concentration as an idea hit her. She was like a terrier with a rat. He could see the wheels turning and knew she would dig in and never let go. That’s why she was the best in her business. Chase was grateful for her help but he didn’t want Annie working on this. He was even glad the police had ruled it accidental. Revenge and justice were his to deal out as he saw fit. 
The phone rang and Chase realized he was taking up Annie’s expensive time and he should be on his way. He stood up. “Keep working on the police end will you Annie?” He gave her a brief hug. “I’ll be in touch, and you know where to find me.” He gave her a wan smile and headed for the door. 
Annie called after him. “Be careful, Chase. I know that Norse impetuosity of yours.” Annie didn’t have to add that she’d also seen those cobalt eyes turn cold and flat as the North Sea and the berserker inside him take over. That capacity had given Chase, a man of medium stature, a fearsome reputation among the world of bikers, and had kept him alive on more than one occasion against much bigger and tougher looking adversaries. In those instances, Chase really did evoke nothing less than the stereotype picture of a Viking in battle. He was a man of many sides. 
The phone was ringing insistently and Chase watched as Annie put on the cloak of her old obnoxious self as she strutted over and picked up the phone. On his way out, Chase exchanged shrugs with Rose, Annie’s secretary, as Annie’s strident tones carried, cussing out some poor unfortunate on the other end of the line. 
It was time to find out what Sophie had been doing with her life. She had been a volunteer at the Marine Rescue Center teaching kids and tourists about turtles. Sophie’s husband had left a small insurance policy enabling her to give up work for a while and do what she wanted. She had written to Chase, bubbling over with enthusiasm about living in sandals and sundresses, working with wildlife and discovering a whole new world of health foods and herbals. The pictures she sent showed a slimmer, tanner, happier Sophie. Indeed she looked like she’d dropped ten years along with her makeup and her shoes. 
One thing he remembered about his baby sister though. Annie was right, she was terrified of thunderstorms. South Florida was about top of the list worldwide for thunderstorm activity and Sophie had been terrified since she was a baby. There was no way in the world she would have been under a tree on a golf course in a thunderstorm and no way she would have been alone. A freak storm may have killed his sister, but somebody abandoned her there. He knew it, just as he knew that can rolling back to his feet was no accident. 
Chase felt a little more alive now. Perhaps some sunshine would be in order, maybe a short run to the turtle center.




Six
The park was jammed with people. The center was evidently having some kind of turtle fest. Chase could park only because he had ridden over on the pan. Cars were all over the park, people too. It was hotter than hell with no breeze and tourists crushed in the center's little gift shop were edgy. Part of the beachfront had been closed off and merchants were hawking their wares from little white tents lining each side of the roadway. 
Chase strolled through, reacclimatizing himself from the colorless browns of Jordan to his steamy tropical home. He was horrified at the prices charged by the vendors and realized, looking around, that most of the visitors appeared to be rich snowbirds. The place had changed. 
Chase stopped at the turtle tanks last, searching for a familiar face. One of Sophie's photos had shown her in front of one of the tanks with a coworker. Chase, ever the big brother, thought they had been spending more than working time together. 
Annie had told him the man’s name was Myles Hickman and that he was a brilliant scientist. Well known in environmental circles for his research papers, Myles had married a wealthy socialite and retired from the scientific community. According to Annie, Myles’ wife had given him the privately run turtle center to keep him amused and close at hand. 
It didn't take too long to spot him. Chase watched for a while. Expensively dressed and seemingly contemptuous of the lesser beings around him, Myles stuck out like a water lily in a desert. The man's photograph didn't do him justice. He was about six two, very slim through the hips, but muscular through the shoulders. His build would be deceptive in clothes, Chase thought, the clotheshorse type, almost on the edge of effeminate, but in shorts and T-shirt he displayed an imposing physique. Hickman had a long aquiline nose, pale blue almond shaped eyes and straight, light brown hair, worn longish. 
Chase supposed that all added up to a total package that would be appealing to a lot of women. Judging by the women crowded around him hanging on his every turtle word, the man was a master charmer too. Chase's dislike was instantaneous and his instincts were very rarely wrong (that gift again). He hoped Sophie had had more sense. 
Chase was hot. He rarely wore shorts because of the scars on his leg and he had forgotten to put on his lightweight jeans. He retreated to the shade of a nearby umbrella for a smoke, waiting for a break in the crowd. He didn't have to wait long. He was on his second cigarette when Hickman broke away from his adoring fans, striding purposefully toward him. Irrelevantly, Chase wished he'd brought Jake. Jake would pee on the yuppie-like leg and maybe get his expensive sandals. Chase straightened up and went to meet him. "Myles Hickman, right?" 
"Yes, and you're Chase, Sophie's brother?” Myles made no attempt to shake hands. “I’m so glad you've come. I couldn’t get away from here for the service and Sophie told me so much about you. What a terrible tragedy. Sophie was so vibrant, so full of life. We all miss her here at the center." 
The voice was as superficially attractive as the man, the words flowing easily like warm silk, though they grated on Chase. The man could have been discussing lunch instead of the sudden loss of someone close to him. Was this all this clotheshorse could say? 
Chase was starting to get hostile. This asshole hadn't even bothered to go the memorial service. Chase knew that he was starting to exaggerate his biker image in the middle of this tourist crowd and he couldn’t afford to alienate this man until he knew more about what was going on. He made a conscious effort to relax his attitude. "Thanks. It's been rough. I was hoping you could tell me a little more than the police did, which wasn't much." 
Myles was busy watching the crowd. Evidently he was not impressed with Chase and didn’t wish to waste any further time with him. “I'm afraid not. Sophie and I occasionally had lunch or dinner together but I was out of town the weekend she died. The police questioned me, of course, but I hadn't seen or spoken to Sophie since Thursday afternoon. I'm afraid I really don't know much at all about how she spent her own time." Myles followed this last statement with a patronizing smile and deprecating gesture of his hands as if everyone else was dirty and he didn’t want to get sullied by admitting his knowledge of their goings on. 
Chase wanted to punch him. Instead he blew smoke in his face. "Sophie didn't like storms, they terrified her. She would not have been in one alone. Especially that one. I understand it was a doozy. Folks tell me there’s been unusually heavy weather this season.” 
Surprisingly, Myles ignored the smoke. “Yes. We’ve had more than our share of hurricanes this year and a lot of flooding, and you’re right, she wouldn’t have been out or alone in that weather, but I’m afraid I don’t know any of her friends outside of the center and from what she told me, you were her only relative.” Myles looked directly at Chase for the first time. “I’m afraid I can’t help you.” 
Like hell, Chase thought. He hoped Sophie had had better taste than to fall for this one. Chase thought fleetingly that Myles Hickman would fit the profile of a lot of serial killers. You could see dark things behind this man’s eyes. Yes, a latent sociopath would not be a great surprise. 
Chase ground out his cigarette underfoot, much to Myle’s obvious annoyance, and pulled out his wallet. “Well, if you think of anything, I’d appreciate it if you’d give me a call.” Chase wrote down his phone number on an unwanted business card and handed it to Myles who excused himself to get back to work. Chase watched him go, knowing that he would need more information before he could confront Myles with anything at all. 
Chase was at a loss. There didn’t seem to be any other workers around who were not young teenagers. He was mortified that he knew so little of his sister’s life that he could think of nowhere else to go for information. The happy, noisy atmosphere around him turned instantly depressing and Chase hurried back to the bike. 
He’d passed a place down the road called Florida Jack’s. He’d ride down there for a beer. That ought to take care of the remnants of his hangover and he’d had enough of the tourists for a while.




Seven 
On the outside deck of Florida Jack’s, more tourists were stuffing on burgers and fries while they roasted their own pink skins in the glare of the sun, but inside the bar was dark and quiet, the beer cold, the people friendly. They were obviously regulars. On an impulse Chase pulled out a photo of Sophie and showed it to the bartender who was not surprised. He told Chase a lot of people went missing in South Florida and in the bartending business it was depressingly often he was asked to look at photos, mostly by frantic relatives, occasionally by the cops. 
“Yes,” the bartender said, “she came in quite often. Worked at the turtle center. Usually came in with one of her coworkers.” 
“You mean Myles Hickman?” 
“Yeah, but once in a while she had a different fella with her, Indian looking type.” 
Chase took a sip of his beer. “What, you mean Indian from India?” 
“No. Native American. Maybe a local. I don’t know. Even when we were busy they were noticed. They made a striking couple. He was big for an Indian and she was a looker. Run out on you did she?” 
“She was my sister.” Chase said quietly. 
“Was?” 
“She’s dead.” 
“Hey, man, I’m sorry.” The bartender seemed genuinely saddened. “Look I’ve got to take care of customers, but maybe Pat here can help you. Seems to me he got talking with them once in a while.  Our friendly local, old Pat is.  Hey, Pat, come over here. Got someone I want you to meet.” 
“Thanks.” 
“Anytime pal. What a waste.” The bartender shook his head in distress. 
“Just one more question.” Chase said. “Do you think she and this Myles guy..?” 
“Nah. I don’t think she liked him very much. They mostly talked business over lunch. One time though, another guy joined them. Short, balding fella with a loud mouth. Hickman’s getting a divorce and that guy was his lawyer. After your sister left the two of them had a few beers and got real loud. You couldn't avoid hearing his business if you wanted to. Apparently the wife got herself a better lawyer and was cleaning Myles out pretty good. Never met a lawyer that wasn't an asshole.” 
The bartender moved off, shaking his head and Chase could hear him telling a waiter how much he had liked the pretty blonde. How she'd had class and always a warm smile for him and a please and thank you. Not like those northern bitches. Chase felt the ache of loss again. He was staring morosely into his beer when a man at the end of the bar stood up, talked with the bartender for a moment while watching Chase and then pulled up a stool beside him, extending his hand. “Pat Coughlin, Mr. Larsen, so sorry to hear about Sophie.” 
Chase was surprised. “You know my name?” 
“Sophie talked about you all the time. She was very proud of her big brother. I'll help you all I can, I wish I had known. Pat’s expression was sorrowful. “Sophie had a lot of friends and we would have liked to pay our respects." Pat had a soft musical lilt and his ruddy cheeks bespoke many years of companionship with Bushmills. He was short, and round with a fringe of white hair, about sixtyish, a real leprechaun of a man. Chase liked him, which was unusual.  Chase had grown up in Brooklyn, a poor, skinny kid, not too tall, constantly having to fight his way through the street toughs to get to school. Since those street toughs had been mostly Irish, he had a long-standing dislike of that ethnic group as a whole. 
"The name’s Chase. The bartender said you and Sophie met here regularly. I've been overseas for some time and Sophies' letters were short and lately they were few and far between. I was hoping you could put me in touch with some of her friends.” 
“Well, she mostly came here with people from the Center, you've been there of course?” 
“Yes. What about this Indian?” 
“Ah, Joe Keel. He's a Seminole, used to live on the Hollywood reservation but he's a very bright boy, went to school and became a hydro geologist, so he can help the tribe. You know one of the biggest problems in Florida? Fresh water. He's only half-Indian, his mother was French. Anyway he was doing some work at the turtle center and moved up here. Lives in Jupiter Farms, out near the turnpike.” Pat was warming to his subject. Like most Irishmen, he was garrulous whenever he got the chance. “Must make good money at that job because he's got a big spread out there from what I hear and he drives one of those new Dodge Ram trucks. Red. Of course, it could be family money from his mother's side. For some reason you always equate Indians with poverty don't you? A mistake with the Seminoles. Their chief’s got a better head for business than Donald Trump. He’s made that tribe so much money it’s a pleasure to watch how they have pulled themselves up and now the white man tourist is learning something from the Indian while he hands over his money.” Pat chuckled. He leaned towards Chase confidentially. “You know, one time he brought another Indian with him. Real hostile, stone-faced guy, name of Willie Hatchee. Should of left that one on the reservation. He didn’t like white people one bit, that one. Luckily, Joe got him out of here before the two of them got thrown out. 
Chase got right back to the subject. “Were they close?” 
Pat looked thoughtful “Joe and Sophie? They always had their heads together, but I don't know if they were lovers if that's what you mean. The two of them had some kind of project they were working on in their spare time. They always changed the subject if I interrupted them talking business. Nice young people. We talked together a lot over a few beers, but nothing personal you know. Last time I saw them Joe was all bent out of shape over the tussle the Indians are having with the government trying to build extra housing off the reservation. There's too many of them now and they're getting overcrowded.” Pat sighed sorrowfully. “It's hard to believe Sophie's gone, what happened?” 
Tersely, Chase gave him the details and noted Pat's reaction, the same as his. Pat had known Sophie well enough to know about her storm phobia. Chase gave Pat his number and asked him to have the Indian give him a call. The two of them chatted for a bit over beers while Chase decided his next move. He was still trying to deal with the isolation of being alone in the world and couldn't shake the melancholy. A change of pace was in order. He'd pick up Jake and take a ride out to the groves, if he could remember the way. Perhaps some of his riding buddies would be at the club.
 


 
Eight 
Myles Hickman was coldly furious. After meeting Chase, he had turned over his tourist group to one of the young marine biologist interns and driven home to change clothes. He couldn’t stand cigarette smoke in his clothes. 
Unexpectedly, Alicia had been home. She had taken malicious enjoyment in showing Myles the paperwork deeding over the turtle center to the control of the state. Then, as an afterthought, in that elegant accent of hers, she informed him that the date for the final hearing for their divorce had been set and she wanted him out of the house. 
He had really screwed up this time, Myles thought. Not only was his meal ticket gone, but he was out in the street without a pot to piss in. The bitch had gone too far taking away the Center. He would get even for that. Thank god she didn’t own the lab. He’d have to get Dominick to stall the sale of the Center until his experiments were finished. 
Upstairs, Myles was still shaking. Alicia had the capacity to do that to him, get beyond his cool so that it was a physical effort for him not to attack her on the spot. She knew just how far she could go too. It turned her on to wind him up and ever since she caught him putting it to her best friend during one of their parties, she had been winding him up. The gossip was all over the Palm Beach set and Alicia couldn’t tolerate that. He had committed the unpardonable. Damn that little tramp’s ass. She hadn’t even been that good. 
Myles ran his hands distractedly through his hair. It was all getting to be too much, and now this Chase character. Jesus. Who’d have thought Sophie had a low life like that for a brother? Usually cool and unemotional at the worst of times, Myles knew he was getting close to the edge. He had been stretched to exhaustion between putting in his time at the Center, keeping up with Alicia’s social schedule and trying to complete his experiments. Then she had started divorce proceedings, but at least now he had an out. His formula could potentially net millions. 
He had found himself a greedy attorney - was there one that wasn’t? Dominick was trying to get the divorce finalized as quickly as possible while still appearing to fight tooth and nail. Well, maybe it was just as well. He’d just clear out. Move into the lab and work there full time until it was done. He really hated to make it easy on Alicia though. Myle’s dialed Dominick’s private line, cursing colorfully while he waited for Dominick to answer. 
“Dominick Wilding.” 
“Dom, its Myles. We need to meet. Can you be at the lab in an hour?” 
“Myles, I have a tight schedule today, what the hell is it this time? Did Alicia jerk your dick again?  I can’t baby-sit …” 
“Dom.”  Myles interrupted. “Sophie’s brother came out to the Center to question me today.” 
“Shit. I thought he was long gone in the wilds of some godforsaken jungle somewhere.”  There was silence while Dominick thought it over. “Okay. One hour.” 
Myles slammed down the phone and went upstairs to pack.


 
 
Nine 
When Chase arrived home he could hear Jake over at the Marina, busily antagonizing a dog from one of the boats of the summer residents. Chase had bought his house about twenty years ago on the GI bill. He had had no idea what he was doing, hadn't even lived in a house before, so it amused him that he lived on waterfront property in the midst of one of the wealthiest neighborhoods in the world. 
The house was tucked away on a small road leading to the marina. The frontage was lined with areca palms, which screened the house from view and the backyard looked like a miniature rain forest. He had cultivated this over the years and Sophie had lovingly tended it while he was away. Visitors were always surprised at how isolated and peaceful it seemed in the middle of town. 
Chase had a beautiful view of the marina and could stroll round for a cocktail on the balcony at Luigi’s before dinner. He often did this in one of his grubbiest Harley shirts, thus ensuring peace and quiet while he had his drink and watched the sunset. Throughout all his travels, Chase had never seen sunsets such as these, here in his own backyard. The restaurant's patrons, almost all of them wealthy snowbirds during the season, evidently thought Chase was a close relation of Charles Manson. The regulars and the staff enjoyed this little entertainment in their day and took pains to treat Chase like visiting royalty, further disrupting the snobbish customers who now wondered if he was an eccentric millionaire or some kind of local Jimmy Buffet. 
Knowing this full well, Chase would often strike up offbeat conversations with some poor unsuspecting soul whose life was full of designer clothes and the stock market. The poor unfortunates would look around to see who was watching them talking with this weirdo, but would invariably leave with a laugh on their lips and a lift to their soul. Chase had that reaction on people. Life had its little enjoyments. Sophie had always teased him, asking him if there was any such thing as a Viking leprechaun, or what was the Norwegian word for Puck. 
By the time Chase filled a cooler and stowed it in the truck, Jake had realized he was about to miss a trip and was sitting on the front stoop, leash in mouth, ready to go. Chase stowed his tools too. Sophie had refused to learn how to drive the old Ford and Chase had not had much time to tinker with it since his return, but the old flathead engine started right up. A cursory inspection had not shown up any glaring problems, dents or rust. The paint seemed to be holding up pretty well for having sat out in the salty weather for a while. 
Like Chase himself, the old gray Ford always attracted attention. He had discovered that a 1950 Ford pickup truck gave a body a high profile in an area where there was such a proliferation of limousines, Ferraris, Jaguars and anything else that cost more than a house, that they all went by unnoticed.  In fact it sometimes seemed that only luxury automobiles and Jeep Cherokees were allowed in Palm Beach Gardens. 
In fifteen minutes Chase had changed worlds again. The old truck took the dirt roads of the acreage with ease. The landscape got scrubbier and the houses got smaller. Chase was startled at the number of new homes, mostly of the big, ‘new money’ variety that had sprung up out here. Next thing you knew, there'd be stores and restaurants and homeowners associations. 
He kept driving west. The old doublewide clubhouse was out in the orange groves of Loxahatchee. Here, he finally was in the country again, but just barely. It wasn't that long ago it was totally isolated out here. If you were still drinking about 4:00 a.m. and the weather conditions were right, you'd find a thick fog outside and could hear the animals from the safari park to the south. Its back fence bordered on the clubhouse property. It had sobered up many a drunk because the effect was so startling, they thought they'd stepped into darkest Africa by mistake. 
Sure enough, the club was open, a few bikes were parked outside. Jake ran off to see what he could hunt while Chase walked inside. Most of the faces were new but a couple of regulars stirred themselves enough to thump him on the back and welcome him home again. 
It was a weekend, so the wives and girlfriends were there too, along with the kids. No one had seen Sophie in recent months and Chase couldn’t stand too much of the sympathy pouring from the women. They had all loved Sophie and there was hardly a dry eye. Chase retreated to the bar and the safety of the brothers where the conversation turned to bikes and guy stuff. 
Jake had already returned from the hunt and was enjoying being the center of attention of the junior crowd. He was too smart to be running around in this heat when he could be collecting treats from the kids. Chase felt like he’d never left. He relaxed and caught up with local happenings, talked bikes with the boys, flirted with the wives and teased the kids. 
A couple of beers later, the throaty growl of approaching Harleys signaled some new arrivals and in loped Tank, who let out a roar of delight then grabbed Chase in a bear hug pulling him outside to meet the rest of the group. Chase endured more back slappings and hugs while out of the corner of his eye he watched a leather clad rider who had been hanging on behind Tank, pull off her helmet and release a cloud of thick red-gold hair that fell in fiery waves halfway down her back. 
This vision in black leather pulled off her goggles and peeled off her jacket to reveal the most stunning woman Chase had ever seen. Chase had brought a large oil painting back from Jordan. It was a portrait of a woman with a cloud of red-gold hair. Chase didn't know why he was so taken with the picture but he had paid far too much for it and then he was nearly shot at the airport because he had stuffed the picture down a metal tube to protect it. The customs people thought it was a pipe bomb. The woman in front of him could have sat for that portrait. 
She was petite and slender with legs that went up to her chin, hair that went down to her ass and the face of a wood nymph. She had delicate features, creamy, perfect skin without a hint of freckles, a laughing, generous Bardot mouth, a small straight nose and huge, clear eyes, that arresting dark gray that's the color of wood smoke. She conjured up an image of a skittish wild creature who ran with foxes in the forest. The combination of the red hair, pale skin and those electric eyes was stunning, and he was not the only one stunned. Every man in the place was staring with disbelief except for Tank, who wore a shit-eating grin while, almost bursting with pride, he made the introductions. 
Her name was Shanna McLain. She was a friend of Linda, Tank’s wife, and she seemed totally oblivious of the stir her entry had created. There was an air of, not exactly arrogance, but more “I don’t give a damn about anything” about her. If she was faking it, she did it very well.  This was the first time she had ever ridden a Harley or been around bikers and while she didn't show it, Chase knew she had to be intimidated in such an out of the way place. His experience with women this good looking was that they were either so caught up in their own looks that there was nothing else underneath the veneer, or they were bimbo manipulators of the worst kind. Ogling with the rest of them, Chase wondered which category she fell into. Might as well find out while the rest of the men worked on getting their mouths closed again. It had been a long time since Chase had been close to a woman. The women in the Middle East were strictly off limits, and there was more than one reason his road name was Chase. 
Chase thumped Tank on the back and hugged Linda. “Hello Shanna. I’m Chase. These guys you’re riding with are old friends of mine and good people. If you're riding with them you must be okay.” Chase unleashed his most devastating smile.“Can I get you a drink while they’re busy with the bikes?” 
Shanna glanced at Tank as if requesting permission. When he nodded, smiling hugely, she turned back to Chase. “Yes. Thank you.” 
Chase escorted Shanna to the bar. She smelled expensive and walked with haughty feline grace. Chase closed in, confident of a kill. Two beers later he had discovered that she lived locally, worked as a paralegal for a divorce lawyer, was as intelligent as she was gorgeous and had a temper to match the hair. Apparently Linda and Tank had been teasing her that she was too mainstream and much too much the Pollyanna to go out riding with them. Chase was enjoying himself immensely when Shanna handed him the death blow. 
“I seem to be taking up a lot of your time,” she began. “You don’t seem like a man who wastes his money and his time for no return and judging by the way Tank and Linda are staring foolishly at us, I think there’s something you should know.” 
Uh Oh. Here it is, thought Chase. This one is a bimbo after all. She isn't going to go out with someone who doesn’t wear loafers without socks. 
Shanna continued. “I’m not in the market for a relationship, not even for a date. I came out here because Linda dared me to and for the experience of a ride. That’s all. I’m a girl who can take care of herself and I don’t want to play the field or hire a bodyguard. Unfortunately I’m on my own right now and Linda can't stand that. She’s a wonderful person but she is always trying to get me a man I don’t want.” 
Chase was tempted to walk away right then and there. Who did she think she was, the only woman left on earth? At least she wasn’t the dumb broad type who wanted to try a biker out for kicks. Stung, Chase backpedaled. “Are you always this sure men are coming on to you?” Chase leaned back and smiled lazily pretending an indifference to the put down. “You obviously know that you are a very attractive lady, but you plainly don’t know bikers very well and should be more careful until you do.” Chase deliberately ran his eyes up and down Shanna, his meaning clear. “I happen to be a nice guy who is not, at this point in time, interested in your body,” (God will get me for that one, Chase thought,) “but there are others here who are not as civilized and just for information’s sake, good manners are not confined to yuppies. Actually, I’ve found that particular segment of society sadly lacking in that regard and legal beagles in particular.” 
Shanna clearly had not expected to be told off. She stared at Chase silently for a moment with those huge gray eyes showing signs of gathering storm clouds. 
Chase took no notice. He didn’t like being rebuffed before he had even got started. It wasn’t good for his ego and if the other bro’s noticed, his reputation would suffer. “You’re an outsider here. You very obviously haven't ever been within five feet of a biker before today and it shows. Oh yes. I see that you expected anyone wearing a Harley shirt to have no conversation and less intelligence. You are not very subtle.” 
Shanna had the grace to blush. 
Ignoring her, Chase continued, “this is a family club as I’m sure Tank told you, but not everyone here is a member and not all bikers are nice people that little girls can come and play with like a new doll. We welcome new faces here and it’s standard procedure for a member to keep an eye on strangers, especially women, and make them feel welcome. That’s all. I’m sorry if our hospitality isn't good enough for you. Perhaps you would like to go sit with the women? And if my buying you a couple of beers offends you, by all means feel free to pay for mine. I’m a liberated male. Now, if you’ll excuse me for a moment, I have to go see a man.” 



 
Ten
Shanna steamed. She watched Chase lope cockily off to the bathroom. The insufferable prick. As usual she had screwed up. Shanna’s mouth was always getting her in trouble. She tried to say things diplomatically but they always came out exactly the opposite. He was kind of cute too, in a dangerous sort of way. 
Shanna glanced around at the women’s table. Good God. They really were backwards out here. She shuddered at the thought of having to spend her evening at a table full of women. She caught Linda’s eye and immediately Linda got up and wandered over. Must be that business of not leaving strangers alone, Shanna thought. She began to wonder what went on out here. Shanna threw a couple of bills on the bar and ordered another round and one for Linda. She’d show him. 
“Thanks.” Linda put the cold bottle against her cheek. “So how do you like Chase?” 
Shanna glared at the area of the bathroom door from which Chase had just emerged and was now talking to a couple of his friends. “He’s insufferable.” 
Linda laughed. “Careful, girl. That’s his hook. The more they resist, the more he likes it. That’s why they call him Chase.” 
Shanna bridled. “Well this is one chase he’s not going to win. Do you people make bets on his track record or something? You know Linda, I really don’t need this crap.” 
“Oh lighten up.” Linda was unfazed. “Look at you, so uptight and pissed off, and if I didn’t know better, I’d say you were mightily attracted. That’s the first spark of reaction I’ve seen in you in months. You know what?” Linda flicked her head towards where Tank was avidly inspecting a customized bike with his cronies. “If it wasn’t for that big lug there, I’d have chased Chase myself.” She rolled her eyes lasciviously. “Sometimes he looks so damn good I think I just might anyway. You need a good man, sweetie and that one there, there’s none better.” 
Shanna shook her head, laughing despite herself. “Linda, how many times do I have to tell you not to meddle in my love life.” She looked thoughtfully at Chase. “Though maybe it’s not mine you’re meddling with. It seems to me a man of his age without any baggage aims to stay unattached and likes it that way.” 
Linda shrugged. “I can't help myself. It’s such a waste. The two of you don’t know what you’re missing. He’s been alone too long and you need a good man, one you can't run over. But actually, I did have a double motive for introducing you two. I thought you could help him.” 
Shanna glanced at Chase again looking puzzled. “I would have thought he was the last person in the world to need help and especially from a woman. What’s that got to do with me anyhow, help with what?” 
Linda lowered her voice. “You're a paralegal. Chase’s sister Sophie was killed recently. She was his only remaining relative and he went berserk. He’s convinced she was murdered.  That’s a good man there.” Linda nodded in Chase’s direction. “We all love him and we loved Sophie too. We’re worried about him.” 
Shanna was nonplussed. “But what is it that you think I can do?” 
Linda gave her a sly grin. “Well, aside from the obvious… Okay, okay.” Linda patted her on the arm. “I honestly don’t know, but we must do something, promise me you will help.” 
“Oh no. No you don’t. That man wouldn’t ask for my help if I was the last woman on earth.” 
Linda said nothing. She just sat there looking dejected and disappointed. 
“Damnit Linda.” Shanna didn’t want to do this, she really didn’t want to do this but already she knew she was fighting a losing battle. She owed Linda a lot and Linda had never once asked her for anything. Shanna stared at Chase again and then back at Linda. Perhaps the man wasn’t all that bad after all. She felt a little remorseful and wished Linda had told her this earlier. She capitulated resignedly. “Well, of course, if there is anything I can do, I’d be glad to, but I don’t think that he’s the type of man to ask for help is he?” 
Linda shook her head. “He’s coming back. I’ll leave you two alone. Remember your promise.” 
 



Eleven 
Chase took his time coming back and by then Shanna was the center of a group of admirers. The other women were cool. It had taken them a good while to get the attention of their men back and they sat in a huddle talking children and fashion but by the end of the day, she had won every one of them over with her charm. She talked with all the women, showing genuine interest in them, played with the kids and deflected the other guys from paying too much attention to her. She had help with this. 
Chase, after his initial pique, assumed his dominant male stance and glowered at anyone who came too near. After all, it was expected. Since they all knew him and knew what that look could precede, the others reluctantly conceded the territory and went back to their beers and bikes. 
Shanna was friendly, but wary. Chase kept things low key, talking about bikes and his own experiences, not asking too many questions. He gave Shanna his standard basic prattle on motorcycles. She was astute enough to notice that most of the members wearing new looking leathers covered in lots of tassels and expensive extras were mostly what Chase disgustedly referred to as “Rolex riders or Rubbies – rich urban bikers”. Without exception, their bikes were new, brightly colored and very obviously not ridden very often. The regulars, however, wore well worn, mostly tassel-free leathers and their bikes were mostly less colorful and had been customized by their owners, each machine unique. 
Chase pointed out the different bikes and explained the difference between panhead, knucklehead, shovelhead etc. keeping his lesson to the features that Shanna could easily understand. Chase couldn’t resist being patronizing when he was talking about bikes to a woman and he was amused at Shanna’s obvious anger with this. It was kind of fun to keep a spark in her eye. Chase reminded her again that this was a family club, not a club such as the Hell’s Angels. They wore no colors and held no initiation rites or other goings on. He kept the conversation impersonal and gradually, his hard work paid off and Shanna loosened up, just a smidgen. 
Returning to the bar, the conversation took a more personal track and Chase was struck with the way Shanna picked up on his vagueness about his job without comment. She did not press but instead, asked him about his travel experiences. They were interrupted for a while by some newcomers, and Chase used the opportunity to get another couple of beers. Despite himself, Chase was impressed. This was quite a woman. She could handle her booze too, they'd been drinking steadily all afternoon. Chase handed Shanna a beer and stretched out his legs comfortably. “You sound like you enjoy your work.” 
Shanna shot him a suspicious look. “I do. It's a very tough job and has a high burnout rate. A lot of people can't handle the trauma. Your normal day can go from being reamed out by a lawyer to being threatened with a beating by a drug addict or trying to comfort a woman who just lost her family.” 
Chase was surprised and made the mistake of letting it show. There was more to this woman than met the eye. Chauvinistically he had assumed she was a secretary and her days were dull and boring. “Well it sounds like you don’t have a boring time at work anyway.” 
“No. Far from it.” Shanna responded. “But it has its drawbacks. A lot of people in law can't handle the power. When you work for a lawyer he has subpoena power and can get anything he wants from anywhere. Lawyers are not tied down with red tape like the police. They are the red tape. I've seen people, paralegals and lawyers, who get carried away with that. They think they're above the law and break it or think they intimidate everyone and end up getting injured.” Chase looked mildly interested, so Shanna continued. “Or, the sheer pressure of the workload gets to you. A typical week is sixty to eighty hours if you allow a lawyer to run you like that. I've paid my dues and I mostly work a regular forty-hour week unless we're in trial or there's some other emergency. It's never dull and I never have to watch a clock. If I have to be stuck in an office, I guess that's the best kind.” 
“So, it’s true what they say about lawyers?” 
“Oh yes.” Shanna said. “I'm sure there are some decent ones out there, but I haven't met one yet. The system usually doesn't work for the little people, especially here, where we have a good old boy network. They all should be named Shylock.” 
“That sounds a little cynical.” Chase was amused by her intensity. 
Shanna bridled at Chase’s amusement and replied curtly. “That's a lot cynical. That kind of lifestyle equates to that of a trauma nurse or a vice cop. It rubs off and you have to develop a thick enough shell to deal with it or you're in the wrong business.” 
So much, Chase thought, for appearances. This beautiful, fey little creature with the exquisite eyes and air of wild delicacy was as sharp as they come and as strong as steel. Intrigued, Chase wanted to know more. 
“And your boss?” 
“He's a trial lawyer, or used to be.” Shanna frowned. “At first I thought he was different. He used to help the people who needed it, but eventually he got like all the rest. Now we do mostly divorce work because that's where the money is. In fact, I'm looking around for something else. I don't like divorce work. Paralegals are behind-the-scenes people who do most of the work and get none of the glory. For me, the payoff comes in trial. Actually being in the courtroom and knowing that you've done the two, three or four years of work that it took to get there. If you win, you won as much as the lawyers did.  Without your preparation, chances are they would have relied mostly on their courtroom skills and it’s your crossed t's and dotted i's that mostly got that verdict.” 
Chase thought Shanna’s boss must be the ultimate asshole to have alienated such an obviously valuable employee. “Does he know?” 
Shanna shrugged. “One thing he's not is dumb. There've been a lot of problems in the office lately although we haven't spoken about it. I guess you could say it’s like a marriage, people grow in different directions sometimes.” 
Chase lit another cigarette and took a moment to check on Jake who had earlier monopolized a lot of Shanna’s time. Sometimes Chase thought there was a person, not a dog inside that hairy black and tan skin. “You know, I've rarely had to deal with lawyers, but just this afternoon I was talking about a local divorce lawyer with an acquaintance of mine.” 
“Anyone I know?” Shanna asked idly. 
“I didn't catch his name, short, balding fellow with a big mouth.” 
Shanna grinned. It was a beautiful grin. “Well, most lawyers have got big mouths, but actually, it sounds a lot like my boss.” 
Chase paid attention. “That would be a coincidence wouldn't it? Is he doing a divorce for a guy by the name of Myles Hickman?” 
Shanna turned demure. “Now that comes under the client confidentiality rule.” 
Chase didn’t want to press. He had a feeling it wouldn’t do him any good anyway. He generally didn't spend much time talking to his women, mostly because he'd never had to before. His one or two long-term relationships had been with the type of women who wanted to party and spend money and to be honest, he had, for the most part, behaved like a major prick. He liked to think he had matured since then. There certainly wasn't much that he didn't know about women now, which accounted for how he could always pull them away from seemingly more attractive men, but this one was different. 
They had been talking for hours and despite the mutual hostility, Chase suddenly realized how much he had enjoyed it. While it was evident they had got off on the wrong foot, being with Shanna was like being with one of his buddies. For the first time in his life, he might actually have a female friend. Stunned with this revelation, Chase got a couple more drinks and they resumed their conversation. He told her all about Sophie and why he was home now and why he had asked about her lawyer boss. She told him how surprised she was to find that most of the women she talked to at the club worked, and how many of them worked in law. This immediately put Chase’s back up. These were real Harley riders, after all, not the new breed of Rubbies.  Like most people, Shanna had preconceived notions of Hells Angels, drugs and group sex. Not working stiffs with kids and dogs and bills to pay. 
They talked so long they hadn’t realized that the party was closing up and people were starting to drift out. Just about the time the sun started to go down, Chase felt his private party meter go a notch too high and fatigue start to kick in. He whistled up Jake, invited Shanna to dinner the following evening and headed home. 
That was Chase’s style. Don’t rush things. He was a little put out when Shanna made it clear that she agreed to dinner only in response to a plea from Linda to offer her professional services in the Sophie matter. Still, he had a phone number, a date and was confident he had a lock on the situation. Not that he would not have liked to linger, but he always knew when to quit. That instinct saved him from countless bad situations and he had learned to listen, and besides, sweet dreams of red-gold hair awaited him.
 
 


Twelve 
Brian felt good. Returning to the field was like going home again. He would never go back to a desk job. He’d sweep floors first. His work had brought him stateside on several occasions but he had never before visited South Florida. He wasn’t sure he liked it. Too steamy.  Too many people. Too much traffic. It didn’t take him long to ditch the suit and tie and replace them with shorts and tee shirt but it didn’t help much. Those idiots in requisition had rented him a black vehicle. It was a Ford Explorer, nice and suitably unnoticeable, but it drew the sun like a magnet. 
Brian was not too happy with his orders either. He was to follow the other players around, watch and observe. Noninterference was the order of the day. Under no circumstances was he to be visible to his targets. How in the world he was supposed to fulfill his mission without interference was beyond him but Brian knew that he would find a way. He thought that perhaps the department’s intelligence was slipping a little. They were evidently unaware that the South Florida sunshine was clouded by rampant violent crime and drugs. People were murdered around here and tossed in the ocean on a daily basis. 
In a way that was a good thing. The local cops had their hands full and were stretched thin. Nothing much short of murder got their attention because they didn’t have the manpower to deal with it and Brian would have no difficulty obtaining weapons and the like. One problem off his list. 
His principal target was a socialite come scientist by the name of Myles Hickman. Brian had already familiarized himself with the area and had been close enough to Hickman at the turtle fest to hear the conversation concerning the girl, Sophie. 
He had filed a report requesting information on the girl’s death. It may be nothing, but Brian’s thoroughness with detail had kept him alive a long time. His number one rule was to check out everything, no matter how small. And besides, her brother was evidently not satisfied and could cause a problem if he kept nosing around. 
Not coincidentally, Brian was sure, this happened to be the same girl those dolts in the Everglades had fired at. He must be sure that no mention of that showed up anywhere. Brian had been appalled by the two hired guns from De Brandt Minerals who had been in place when he arrived. He couldn’t believe anyone would hire such imbeciles. They had shadowed Hickman around for a while and on one of those occasions at a remote campsite, had been caught by surprise and confronted by a slip of a girl. They were so inept that instead of disarming her with a ready-made story, they had interrogated and then shot at her, almost killing her. 
That was one reason Brian was here. The powers that be had decided then and there that they needed a more experienced hand on the job. Brian was wryly amused at the restrictions placed on him, given that two morons had already had plenty of opportunity to blow the operation wide open. The dolts passed on only one item of interest before they were packed off home. They did a background check on the Seminole who was with the girl at the camp site and after learning that he was a scientist who knew Myles Hickman, they alerted Brian. 
Brian had tossed the Indian’s office as carelessly as possible. It deeply offended his sense of professionalism. It was bad enough to be given a task consisting mostly of breaking and entering, but to be forced to do it so ineptly was too much. Nevertheless, it was necessary for his cover. He found nothing of interest except for some odd looking rocks, a couple of which he had purloined and sent off for analysis. The only other thing of interest that turned up was the woman’s name, Sophie. Already his list was getting longer. 
Now he would take a look at the Hickman residence. Brian wasn’t too hopeful that he would find anything useful. He thought Hickman was way too smart to leave anything lying around in his home, especially given the domestic situation, but you never knew. Got to start somewhere. Brian checked his watch. It was time.
 


 
Thirteen 
Myles was unpacking when Dominick arrived. Fortunately, when the lab was first built, Myles had the foresight to have living quarters installed, somewhat spartan, but bearable. He had built it, ostensibly as an additional domicile for turtle overflow from the rescue center. It was well hidden inside the State Park to discourage visitors and the turds who liked to steal turtle eggs. In fact, that was the reason he had been able to build it there and with so little fanfare. The lab itself was separate and concealed from the turtle area so that visiting dignitaries did not become too nosy. 
Dominick was not pleased. Myles did not care. He was still overwrought and while he appeared to have been sitting calmly, his mind was working at warp speed. Dominick wandered around the room nosing at everything. “Okay Myles, what’s the big deal? You shouldn’t drag me out here at the slightest little problem. We agreed the less traffic out here the better, especially at night. This is a state park after all, even if you do have your own separate entrance.” 
Myles narrowed his eyes, his dislike evident. In his opinion Dominick was brash, uncouth, greedy and grasping. He disliked everything about him. Yet Dominick was a successful, if not yet rich, lawyer and brilliant in his own way. Myles needed him to broker the sale of his formula. It was an uneasy partnership. Each needed the other and each despised the other. Necessity made strange bedfellows. “I told you. Sophie’s brother. You have got to get him off my back. He’s way too nosy by far and we are so close.” 
Dominick finished poking around and went to the refrigerator looking for something to drink. “We didn’t anticipate that, I agree, but what can he do? The police have closed the file. They listed it accidental death. The funeral’s over. There are no loose ends. By the way, did you sign those papers I sent over earlier?” 
Irritated, Myles started pacing. “What papers? I didn’t get any.” 
Dominick sighed. “Well if you’d just stay in one place, maybe we might accomplish something. The divorce, you remember? I need those documents in court tomorrow. Do you know if Alicia got the news about the final hearing?” 
Grimacing, Myles pivoted around. “Oh yes. She was delighted to throw that in my face. That’s one reason I’m here. She’s deeded the turtle center over to the State. Once they take over they’ll want this place too. She threw me out of the house you know?” Myles scowled at the memory of his wife’s evident satisfaction. He turned, indicating his half-unpacked bags. “I’ve moved in here. You are the only person who knows I’m here. I’ve already given the Center a cover story, told them I had been called on assignment and would be gone for a month or so and told them the place has been emptied for repairs until further notice. Dominick had found a Pepsi. He settled in the one comfortable chair, not offering Myles one of his own drinks and waved the bottle around at the room. “Oh. So that’s the reason you put up blackout paper.” He was silent for a while, watching Myles while he thought it over. Finally he nodded. “That should work. Alicia won’t want to know where you are. The divorce will be final. The Center won’t miss you and you can devote full time to finalizing the formula. How much time do you need?” 
Myles shrugged petulantly. “It’s not like writing a legal brief you know, I can't have a paralegal do it, but I’m close. Very close. I’ll keep you posted. In the meantime you get rid of that macho asshole. He’s the one person that could screw us up.” 
Dominick ignored the insult. “Yeah, you’re right. Okay. I’ll figure out something to keep him out of the loop. I did an okay job with the Indian didn’t I? He’s so busy cleaning up from vandals he doesn’t have time for much else. Now. Let’s look at what you’ve got so far.” 
The two men pulled their chairs close and got down to business.
 
 


Fourteen
Chase was up early from long habit. There was a message on his answering machine from Pat. The Indian had stopped in and was willing to meet Chase. He’d be at the Loxahatchee Wildlife Center around three p.m. Damn. That could interfere with Chase’s dinner date but he supposed it couldn’t be helped. 
Chase spent an arduous morning going through the file cabinet. It was a chore he had been putting off, notifying the paper trail left by Sophie that his sister was no more. Snuffed out in an instant. Gone like she had never been. Never strong on paperwork or sitting still, Chase struggled to get through it. Brought down by grief again he took frequent breaks, walking round the garden or playing with Jake. About a gallon of coffee later he finally threw down his pen and stretched. Thank god that was done. Time to meet the Indian. 
Chase arrived at the wildlife center early and parked the bike in front of the visitor's center, making sure it was in full view of the huge window. Judging by the empty lot, he did not have much company, one minivan, a jeep and a couple of trucks. Inside, he slid the receptionist ten bucks to keep an eye on the bike, bought his entrance ticket and refused a guide. 
No one was around when he started out the back door and along the deck walkway that stretched across a vast expanse of brackish water, which eventually curved out of sight. Chase hadn’t been here more than once or twice, but each time, that step from the back door brought instant surprise. 
Immediately, the scenery changed. No golf club green here. Everything merged into a monotone muddy gray-green, from the airplants hanging from the trees like dead tribbles to the sparse hammocks of sawgrass protruding at intervals from the murky water. The sun and the effort of survival had leached all color from the vegetation, accentuating the gloom caused by overcrowded trees competing for space. 
Ahead of him a young couple were pointing out things to their toddler. Chase wondered at the safety of the place. The deck was only a couple of inches above the water and there were no side rails. Once, at an upstate alligator farm, he'd seen a New Guinea croc eighteen feet long that weighed two thousand pounds. He didn't know if Florida alligators ever got as big as crocs, but he knew they got pretty big and they could move real fast and they’d as soon grab a child as a dog, especially if people had been feeding them. That was the trouble, people tended to think nothing was real any more. The world according to Disney. He quickened his step, leaving the young family behind. 
Soon he was alone and slowed his stride. He spied an old log just off the boardwalk and settled down on it for a smoke, enjoying the solitude. Further off to his right, mangrove trees crowded thickly against one another, their roots scrabbling in the water like the arms of an old crone clawing for a hold, long spindly fingers spread wide and grasping. Here in the tourist area, the place was like a plant metropolis, each species vying for space so desperately that its shape was formed by the action of survival. There were some magnificent ferns spreading thickly through the trees and traveler’s palms pushing up, tall and symmetrical, like giant fans, amidst the scrub; even an occasional wild orchid clung high to a tree branch, though there were none blooming to disturb the monotone scenery. 
He sat quietly but saw no wildlife and heard nothing but the water swirling sluggishly along, not even the young family farther back. The swamp had muffled him with a blanket of thick, moist air. Now he could discern the occasional plopping of fish and hear the frogs calling. He felt lulled by the stillness. No, that wasn’t it - timeless, he felt timeless. He was a time traveler in the Lost World. 
Movement at the edge of his vision intruded into Chase’s reverie and reluctantly he turned. At first he saw nothing, then gradually his eyes picked out the difference in shades between the vegetation and the knobby brown bump floating on the surface below him. 
“Yokche is hungry early today.” 
The voice came from a few feet away. Chase squinted without moving a muscle. The Indian was lounging against an areca palm nearby, its feathery fronds partially obscuring him. He had spoken softly, yet his voice had carried clearly. He was tall and lean, his black hair straight, reaching below his shoulders. Not your typical Seminole. Except for the jeans and denim shirt, he looked like one of those young warriors portrayed in statues by the better Native American artists in the west. Navajo, maybe. 
Chase appraised him carefully from behind his sunglasses, “Yokche?” 
“He's a snapper, a big one from the looks of him and they are very aggressive. One that size is capable of taking off a finger or toe with one bite. Our meeting is fortunate, brother of Sophie, the Yokche is the living symbol of my clan.” 
Chase smiled and held up his hands. “Okay, I give up, call off your attack turtle, wild man.” 
The Indian straightened up and held out his hand. “The name is Joe. Bit of a let down after all that isn't it? I'll give you my Indian name if you want to twist your tongue around it.” 
Chase grinned. “No thanks. Joe will do just fine.” 
“Come, this place is too public to talk.” Joe shrugged into his jacket, the traditional brightly-colored patchwork of the Seminoles, and stepped off the pathway, striding away with lithe grace. Chase followed. He assumed the jacket was for his benefit and was mildly insulted. It seemed the Indian had a low opinion of white folks and thought Chase would not be able to keep up. Chase was glad he had brought the bike and was wearing boots, not that he relished getting them wet, but rather that than snakebite. He had shot a couple of moccasins in his time and knew they were pretty common around here. He stepped carefully in Joe's footsteps, noting that the Indian unerringly stepped in the dry spots. Joe set a fast pace, loping along in a gait that seemed deceptively easy. 
They hadn't gone too far when Joe stopped. An airboat had been concealed under some vegetation, completely invisible from even a short distance. As soon as Chase climbed aboard, Joe started the engine and swung away, the noise setting off a cacophony of bird screeches.  Within a short distance they were totally isolated and the swamp closed in around them. 
Chase hoped Joe was friendly. People got easily lost in the Everglades; you didn’t come in here alone and get back out again. Chase also hoped they got back while the preserve was still open so no one stole his bike, but that was out of his control, so he relaxed and kept an eye out for gators. He was not greenhorn enough to bother swatting at the dinosaur-sized skeeters, which were busy sucking on every inch of exposed skin. Swamp angels, the old timers called them. 
The Indian didn’t bother with small talk and Chase didn’t break the silence, refusing to give the other man any satisfaction by asking where they were going. Before long, Joe swung the boat into what looked like a solid mass of mangroves but turned out to be a narrow channel. Further up a shell mound protruded, providing a small island, probably built by Joe’s ancestors when they threw away oyster shells or other shells from their fishing catch. It had a small beach area, and a chickee, the traditional Seminole home thatched with palmetto fronds, stood in the center. 
They jumped ashore and while Joe saw to the boat, Chase prowled around checking for anything bigger than snakes and the like. He wondered if there were any panther left in this area. He knew some bear and coyote were still around in parts of Florida, although scarce. This would be an ideal place to rid yourself of unwanted company. The hut reassured Chase. That meant it was a friendly meeting. When Chase returned from his prowl, Joe had lit a barbecue and came out of the hut carrying two steaks and a bottle of Jack Daniels. Chase was surprised, given the Indian’s barely concealed hostility. 
“Make yourself useful and get the beans and corn, will you? I’ve had enough frog legs for a while.”
Again with the sarcasm, Chase thought. Nevertheless, he wandered into the hut. Inside, Chase saw that the Indian lacked none of the modern conveniences. It was evidently a study station of some kind, complete with portable electronics. He remembered that Joe was a scientist of some kind – hydro geologist, that was it. He even had camp chairs, by God. 
“Hey.” Chase called from inside the hut. “Since you’ve kidnapped me, have you got a phone in this excuse for a teepee? You’re messing up my date tonight.” 
Joe was affronted. “A phone man? Don’t’ tell me you are one of those white men. I feed people with cell phones to the swamp monsters.” 
Shit. Chase hated to screw up his date. “How about smoke signals?” 
“Wrong tribe.” 
Chase sighed and settled for the Jack Daniels. He raised an eyebrow at Joe when he realized it was Gentlemen Jack. 
Joe shrugged. “Sophie told me.” They chatted warily while the food cooked and Joe told him there were still bear further north but he hadn't seen any lately. He did spot panther now and again though. Eventually, the two men settled into an easy camaraderie. They were both men with one foot in civilization and one foot out and Chase seemed to have finally passed some kind of test. He approved Sophie's taste. He approved even more after the meal when Joe poured another glass of Jack and produced two good cigars. Chase lounged comfortably in his camp chair with his feet on an old crate, smoking contentedly. 
“Great meal Joe, what was it?” 
“Deer.” 
“Incredible. Whenever I've had venison it's been as tough as leather.” 
“Look at the cook, Kimosabe. You just need the right animal, the right cut and the right marinade.” 
“And I thought you guys lived on fry bread. If everyone knew how well you really lived they'd be trampling through the swamp like a horde of elephants.” 
“Precisely, and that brings us to business, my friend.” Joe grew somber and very obviously sincere as he expressed his sorrow at Sophie's death. It was evident that the two of them had been very close. He was also very evidently angry. 
Chase came out of his slouch and got down to business. “Not that this hasn't been very entertaining, Joe, but why did you drag me all the way out here, aside from the fact that this is obviously not a place where white people are encouraged and we're total strangers?” 
“That’s why. I don’t have much time for white folk as a rule and I wanted to know who I was dealing with. We Indians have autonomy here. If one of us is caught stealing he may well be shot. Our punishments do not involve the short comfy jail sentences that the whites are so fond of. I wanted to see your reaction and then decide whether to shoot you or feed you.” Joe smiled wolfishly and then went on more seriously. “Sophie was the only white person I’d met in a long time who I felt like passing more than the time of day with. She was a very special person and I need to know that her death was not the price she paid for our relationship. She told me a lot about you and I've been checking around since you got back. From what Sophie told me about you, I knew you wouldn't be satisfied with the official story, I just needed to know how far you would go.” 
Chase sat up. “The official story? So there is something fishy going on?” 
Joe nodded. “Sophie was with me that night, and I saw her home around midnight.” 
“Then what the hell was she doing in Sand Hills?” Chase asked. 
“I can only speculate, but I think she was dropped there after she died.” 
“What the hell would be the point in that? According to the coroner, there's no doubt that the lightning killed her.” Chase was baffled. 
Joe poured himself another drink and sat back, waving the bottle at the area around him. The sun was starting to go down and the sky was tinged with purple. “Sophie loved this place. We met at the marine rescue center and after a while she started working with me on a project for the tribe.” 
“She was something, your sister. I made her pay dearly for my respect. I did everything I could to get away from some blonde lady who wanted to get to know an Indian.” Joe smiled fondly then looked sideways at Chase. “Your sister evidently inherited all the looks in the family but there is a strong family resemblance in certain other traits.” 
Chase snorted. 
Joe waved his arm around, indicating the camp area. “You can probably tell from all this that I'm a water expert and I’m deadly serious about it.” He leaned forward and threw away the toothpick he had been chewing on. “Let me a explain a little. The Everglades are a large part of the Seminole lands and consequently our lifestyle. At the moment they are badly endangered and no one but us seems to care.” Warming to his subject, Joe got up and started drawing in the sand with a stick to illustrate his lecture. “Briefly, the glades is a basin. It has a limestone floor and as vegetation decomposed on it, it formed peat and became, in effect, a seal. Evaporation and drainage to the Gulf of Mexico have kept the water to a constant level until now, but years of dredging, draining and land clearing by the land-greedy whites has reduced the flow of water across the area and seawater has intruded.” 
Angrily, Joe threw his stick away and started pacing up and down, his agitation evident.  “The Everglades is the lifeblood of my people. We still live off the land. We farm and hunt and fish and are careful to replenish what we use. It is our home and it is becoming a cesspool of chemicals and mutant creatures.” Joe’s face hardened and his jaw tightened. “The affluent whites don’t venture out here. They are not concerned with what they don’t see and a few ragtag Indians. They should care. The death of the Everglades will be the death of life in Florida.” 
Disgustedly, Joe skimmed a pebble across the water. “Despite all this, my people try to do what they can and they try to educate the whites and work with them to save our land.” Joe laughed sardonically. “Mostly, our pleas fall on deaf ears.” As if realizing he was becoming too intense, Joe returned to his chair. “Fertilizer runoff has resulted in algae and strange plant life. I could go on and on, but suffice it to say it's my job to stop any further endangerment of our property and to restore the natural watercourses wherever possible. I've been doing this for several years now.” He shrugged and ended sadly. “Sophie felt like I did. She was well loved by my people. I feel in my heart that her death had something to do with her work with me.” 
Chase had been listening intently. Now he spoke quietly. “I am impressed by Sophie’s choice in friends and I know that she was at her happiest in the last few months. Don’t blame yourself Joe.” Chase’s voice turned gritty with determination. “I have been lucky in my life, to have had good friends all the way. Now, I have another one and with your help, I will get to the bottom of this matter and when I do, there will be hell to pay.” 
Joe nodded, adding fiercely, “Just try it without me.” He returned to the subject at hand.  “Anyway, one weekend we were working much further south, near Everglades City. Sophie was doing some turtle spotting while we toured some of the wetlands for my research. We had camped overnight and the next morning Sophie went wandering on her own. She found a sandy beach area and was about to sunbathe when she saw trash littered about and realized people were around. She followed the trash trail to give them a piece of her mind and came upon a camp in the middle of a barren sandy area with strange looking equipment set up in the middle. Nobody was around so she went over to have a look. Just as she got there two guys showed up, armed to the teeth and began interrogating her. She got frightened and started backing up. In the meantime, I was worried that she would get lost so I tracked her and was just in time to trip her to the ground as they took aim and fired.” 
Chase almost choked on his drink. 
“I grabbed her and we ran like hell. Once we got back into the swamp we had no trouble eluding them.” 
Chase was incredulous. “They were going to kill you?” 
Joe shrugged. “I got Sophie back to camp and calmed down, then I went back for another look. They had broken camp and gone. The only things left were the trash and these.” Joe produced a small piece of gold metal with the initials DB stamped into it and some sandy looking bits of coral. 
Chase examined one. “She had some of these in her trinket box at the house. What are they?” 
Joe frowned in thought. “I'm not sure, but I think they're fulgurites. Fulgurites are a natural silica glass that are fused by the heat of a lightning strike. These are sand and are pretty commonly found on sandy beaches around here, but the ones Sophie took home with her are not sand. They are rock, and as far as I could tell, they were of a rock not commonly found around here. The night before, when we camped, there was a bad lightning storm, but not where we were. The full force of the storm evidently hit that other camp, while only a short distance away we got nothing. We weren't on reservation land but we were in a spot where you don't usually find other people. When we got home I notified the tribal elders and did some checking in the scientific community. I got nowhere. I was told there were no scientific studies of any kind, either privately or government funded, in the area.” 
“What about this thing?” Chase was turning the piece of metal over in his hands. 
“I don’t know. Why don’t you keep it? Perhaps you can find out more about it. I hit a dead end.” 
Chase tucked it into his shirt pocket. “Did you make a report?” 
“Yes, but the cops weren't real interested. Everyone was long gone and it was a difficult area to get to. They put it down to us busting in one some drug meeting of some kind and told us to stay closer to civilization.” 
“But you didn't buy that?” 
“No. I went back to the area a few days later on my own and scouted around a bit. The equipment that Sophie described intrigued me. I found nothing except for some more of these fulgurites. They were scattered over quite a wide area. I collected a few samples and did some more traveling to see if they had just moved camp somewhere else, but I found nothing. Sophie was pretty pissed at a total stranger so casually willing to snuff her out. She'd never had anything remotely violent happen to her before and she stayed good and mad. She kept the rock-like fulgurites to remind her and she was going to do some checking on her own.” Joe was pensive, remembering. 
“Shortly after that I had a project on the west coast to supervise and I spent a lot of time over there just running back for the occasional day or two. Sophie and I kept in touch, mostly by phone. She became obsessed about finding out what was going on out there. I tried to dissuade her but I was kind of distracted and I really didn't think she'd find out anything anyway. I thought she’d eventually get bored and drop it.” 
Joe dropped his head in his hands, his torment evident. 
“The night she died I had just got back from another trip and we went to Singer Island for dinner. She seemed much more her old self and we had a quiet dinner catching up on gossip and then went for a couple of after dinner drinks and a stroll on the beach. She didn't mention the subject until we were almost home and then she said she'd found someone who knew what was going on out in the wetlands that day and as soon as she could meet with them she'd let me know what was said so I could inform the tribal elders.” 
Joe raised his head, looking directly at Chase. “We'd had dinner and drinks and I was tired. It's no excuse I know, but I didn't pick up on it at all. I didn't even ask her who the person was. I dropped her off at your place and that was the last time I saw her alive.” 
Chase laid a hand on Joe’s shoulder empathizing with his pain. “Thanks for telling me Joe, but I don't see where that leaves anything, or the reason for this Indian cloak and dagger stuff.” 
Joe’s voice became hard. “I think she met that person that same night and that person killed her because she knew too much about what was going on, whatever that might be. I tend to agree with the police now, she must have gotten into the middle of some kind of drug deal.” 
“But she was struck by lightning.” 
Joe sighed. “Yes, I know.” He smiled slightly. “But I’m stubborn and evidently, whoever did this didn’t think anyone would question it. I picked up where Sophie left off and since then I've had nothing but trouble. Tires slashed, attempted mugging, phone calls at all hours, mailbox vandalism, you name it, it's happened recently.” 
Chase was encouraged, but wary. “Is it possible they were coincidences, kids, acting wild, people who don’t like Indians, that sort of thing?” 
Joe shook his head. “No way.” 
Chase contemplated the end of his cigar. “I knew it. I just knew it. So now it begins.” He looked up at Joe. “Have you found out anything new?” 
“No, but I could with your help.” 
“How so?” 
“I’m an Indian. I can get all the information I want out here but not in your territory.  Oh, people are friendly enough but not very helpful. Old biases die hard. They seem to think giving me information can cause trouble. You could make things a lot easier if we teamed up.” 
Chase stuck out his hand. “I have nothing else on my agenda.” The two men shook hands and Joe continued. 
“I intended to have those fulgurites analyzed for content but the ones you’re looking at are the only ones left and they’re just sand.” 
“You lost them?” 
“No. Someone broke into my office. They made it look like drugged out kids looking for cash and vandalizing the place, but they also stole the fulgurites. Do you still have the ones Sophie kept?” 
“Yes. As a matter of fact I just stashed everything of hers in the attic.” 
“Good. No one would think to look there. Tomorrow I’ll take you to the campsite and after that we’ll head up to St. Augustine. I’ve got a friend up there who’s the local expert on this kind of thing. That way we’ll keep it kind of private instead of going through a formal lab with a paper trail. Okay?” 
“Sure. I don't know what you expect to find but I'm game. Now if you don't mind, the sun's going down and the mosquitoes obviously prefer me to you. Besides, I have a hot date.”


 
 
Fifteen 
Shanna sat in her boss's office, legs lounged comfortably over the side of her chair, swigging from a bottle of imported beer. Not very ladylike perhaps but it had been a tough day and Dominick had provided the beer, although she was sure it was going to cost her somewhere along the line. Dominick never did anything for nothing. 
The last client had not left until six. She was to meet Chase in the Mangrove Cafe at eight and that didn't give her time to go home and change. Not a good way to start off a first date, but she could freshen up here and at least she wouldn't have to deal with rush hour traffic. Shanna wondered why she was concerned. It was not really a date after all and she was having second thoughts about becoming mixed up in this Sophie thing. 
As Dominick put down his phone, Shanna pounced. “You rescheduled Mrs. Cleary again today. That's the fourth time. If you don't see her tomorrow she's going to get another lawyer and you'll lose the case.” 
Dominick was unmoved. “I'll go to her house if I have to.” 
Shanna had expected this response. Dominick was predictable. “You're driving Pauline crazy with your diary. It's about time you stayed off the golf course a bit and paid attention to business. These people want to see their lawyer, not the staff.” 
Dominick was only listening with one ear. “Yes, boss. Speaking of work, did you get the response to that divorce petition done yet?” 
“Which one?” 
“Mitchell.” 
“Yes, it’s drafted. It's also due, but I can't get Carole in here. She won't agree to the drafted answers even though it’s standard language. You've got some difficult clients, but this one is something else.” 
Dominick pointed a finger at her. “Just file it. I can amend it later. I'll take care of Carole.” 
“Yes, I'm sure you will.” Shanna was well aware of her boss’s lecherous intentions toward any halfway attractive woman who came within range. He wasn’t even particular about age. "But make sure you wait until she's divorced and no longer a client, okay?” 
Dominick gave her his lecherous expression and then became gleeful. “We're going to make a bundle on this one. They both hate each other and her husband just hired one of the best divorce lawyers in the county.” 
“Oh, you mean you're actually going to have to work for your money on this one?” 
“Funny. Carole tells me that her husband is worth a fortune. It will take months to sort out the financials. By the way, speaking of financials, I need you to notarize an affidavit tonight. The client was supposed to come in and sign a final hearing affidavit today and he didn’t make it. I must have that tomorrow when I head down to court.” 
There it was. There was always a price. “Tonight! Oh no, I have a date.” 
“C'mon,” Dominick wheedled. “You know I can't do it, I'm a guest speaker at the Bar Association meeting tonight and he lives up this end. Take your date with you. He is presentable isn't he?” 
Shanna ignored that remark. Dominick couldn't understand that she preferred the company of real people to the plasticized social set of the legal beagles which she avoided whenever possible. She sighed and capitulated. It wasn’t like she didn’t have the time to kill. “Okay. Who and where?” 
“Myles Hickman. He lives on Jupiter Island.” 
Shanna straightened up in surprise. That was the client Chase had asked her about earlier and while she had demurely avoided the question, she hadn’t known he was a client either, and Shanna knew all the clients. This was not only coincidental, it was not run of the mill.  “Dominick, I haven’t prepared any affidavit for a Myles Hickman. Is he a new client?” 
Dominick became busy shuffling papers, a sure sign he didn’t want to talk. “Yes and no. He’s a friend of mine, who got served divorce papers recently and I met with him while you were at that seminar on legal research last week. Like most of our clients, he left everything until the last minute so I had Pauline type up the affidavit.” 
Shanna watched Dominick while pretending to finish her beer. Pauline couldn’t type her own resume, let alone spell it and what’s more, no Hickman file had come across Shanna’s desk to be logged in. A mystery. Intriguing. Things had been dull around here lately. Now that Shanna’s curiosity was aroused by both Chase’s inquiry and Dominick’s weird behavior, she was eager to meet this mystery man. 
Shanna, knowing well how to play Dominick, pretended nonchalance. “That’s going to be at least an hour out of my date.” She didn’t want to tell him it was a new date and get into that conversation. Shanna liked to keep her private life private. A difficult task in this office, but she succeeded to an extent. 
Trapped, Dominick capitulated. “Okay. I’ll pay for your time. Deal?” 
Now that was unusual. Suspicious, Shanna held out her hand. “Alright. You pay up front though, or else I’ll never get it, and next time make better plans will you?” 
“Can I give it to you tomorrow? I’m short of cash today?” 
Shanna shook her head. “No good Dominick. You tried that the last three times. You want me to go, you pay now.” 
Shanna watched in silence, hand still extended, as Dominick made a show of locating some cash. Parting Dominick from his money was harder than it must have been for Moses to part the Red Sea. This time Shanna won. 
They locked up the office and headed their separate ways. 
Outside, Shanna looked at her watch and decided to deliver the affidavit before meeting Chase. If she were a little bit late, well, hopefully that would keep him on tenterhooks.  He deserved it anyway, she had never met such an exasperating, sexist man. 
Myles Hickman lived on Jupiter Island. Shanna had arched her eyebrows in surprise at this. A brief review of Myles’ financial affidavit before she left revealed that Myles Hickman was director of the turtle rescue center, but according to his financial affidavit he didn’t have the kind of money it took to live on Jupiter Island, anywhere near.
 


 
Sixteen
Mick stood well back in the shadows, barely visible. His black leather duster contributing to his invisibility. The collar was turned up and on his head he wore a knotted black scarf. He licked his lips and sniggered as he watched, enjoying the sound of meaty thumps that came from a few feet to his left. The moans had mostly stopped now. A soft mewling pleading had taken their place. Mick relished this more. He sniffed loudly, the cocaine still working in his brain and stepped back startled in case he was heard. He needn’t have worried. The two junkies he had hired for a crack rock were impervious to anything but the job at hand and as for the lawyer, well he resembled nothing more than an amorphous slab of meat. The two derelicts wielded baseball bats with machine-like nonchalance. They felt no pity or remorse. They lived only for the crack. 
Mick flinched as bright headlights lit up the alley. He melted further back into the shadows. The lights had not caught him but they had stopped the two hired thugs in a freeze-frame, bats lifted, dull confusion preventing them from movement. The car stopped. The driver’s side door opened and the driver started to climb out. 
Like automatons, the two junkies turned and advanced on the new arrival. They swung their bats with the same precision with which they had just beaten their inert victim half to death. The hapless driver’s windshield starred and then shattered. The bats pounded on the hood and doors. Dents appeared all over the erstwhile spotless Lexus. The driver disappeared back inside his car. The engine revved, gears gnashed and the car shot backwards at an alarming rate of speed, disappearing out of the alley in seconds. 
Mick cursed. The driver would call the cops, probably had a cell phone. They had little time left. He signaled to his two henchmen that it was time to quit and held up two little plastic baggies like a carrot to a donkey. The men grabbed the bags and vanished. 
Mick walked over to the bloodied remains messing up the sidewalk and kicked viciously at the area of his head. That would fix him. Mick wanted to kick him again, but he didn’t want the man to die. He was unconscious anyway. There was no fun in kicking an inert lump. It couldn’t beg or whimper or plead. Mick knew there was always the possibility the beating could be traced back to him although with the cops around here it was almost a sure thing that it would not. Mick didn’t want to spend any time in jail. 
Too bad the lawyer couldn’t have seen him watching. Oh well. He would put it together if his brain ever operated normally again. He would be out of business for a long time. Nobody said “no” to Michael O’Shaugnessy. Mick hawked and spit in the man’s face then walked away, quickening his pace as he heard the wail of approaching sirens.
 
 


Seventeen
Shanna was in a hurry so she took I95 up to Hobe Sound and then headed east, crossing the bridge onto Jupiter Island. Besides, she really loved that stretch of road where the trees formed a graceful, lacy arch overhead. It was almost worth the drive just for that. 
Once on the island she headed north watching the east side of the road for landmarks that Dominick had given her. The residents of Jupiter Island weren’t big on displaying their addresses out front like the common folk. She found the place without too much difficulty and whistled silently to herself as she turned into the driveway, which kept going and going. Not an easy task when you were already on the beach road about fifty feet from the ocean. She was heading north but it appeared that the property stretched south for quite a way too. Eventually, a slight turn to the east and Shanna pulled up in front of an imposing mansion, not to her taste. It was a larger replica of the housing style popular with the yuppies at the moment, pink with lots of glass, but in Shanna’s mind unattractive and of no particular style. 
Shanna grabbed her briefcase, noting as she climbed them, that the front steps were marble, and rang the bell. Eventually, the door was answered by a butler/houseman, white and English speaking no less. Shanna was impressed. No stranger to mansions, she had spent several years working for estate attorneys in Palm Beach, Shanna was aware that most domestic staff these days were either Hispanic, black or Asian. They were less expensive and could be made to work longer hours for fewer benefits. 
Having handed over her card, Shanna was left to cool her heels in a monstrous hallway. It ran the length of the house from west to east and the east wall consisted entirely of glass running two stories high and displaying a magnificent view of the grounds and ocean beyond. She inspected the hallway. Again, not to her taste. While an obviously indecent amount of money had been expended on the furnishings and artwork, it was all ultra-modern and stark. There was no softness or warmth in the room. Just as she was examining a particularly ugly painting of three triangles, Shanna heard footsteps and turned, with a smile preparing to greet her client. 
Unfortunately, it wasn’t her client. The woman who walked towards Shanna was a tall, slim brunette, probably somewhere in her forties. She was wearing a beautifully cut black silk suit, adorned with a single strand of pearls. Shanna had always envied that kind of understated elegance. The woman was not beautiful but she was perfect. Hair, make up, nails, a walking fashion plate. 
“Ms. Mclain?” The woman looked her up and down inquiringly and under that cool stare, Shanna felt instantly an ugly mess not fit to walk in this hallway. She felt herself start to sweat and inwardly cursed her own insecurity. The fashion plate was returning her card. “I’m Alicia Hickman. I’m afraid my husband isn’t here right now, and as far as I know he won’t be back for a while. Is there something I can do for you?” As she said this, Alicia Hickman was already dismissively half-turned away with a condescending smile, obviously not the slightest bit impressed with the representative of her husband’s law firm. 
Aside from feeling about two inches high, scruffy, fat and ugly all at once, Shanna was dismayed. It was not uncommon for divorcing couples to cohabit but she was going to kill Dominick for this. He should have told her. Obviously, Shanna could not ethically deal with the opposition, even if she wanted to, so she had made a trip for nothing. This was typical of Dominick. She took a deep breath and prepared to extricate herself as graciously as possible. “Mrs. Hickman. I do apologize. There must have been some kind of mix up with the scheduling. I am sorry to have disturbed you.” Shanna took back her card and fled. 
About halfway down US1, Shanna realized that she was so furious her foot was all the way to the floor and she was in serious danger of a speeding ticket. It was still a little early but she would head straight for the Mangrove Café and relax with a drink before Chase arrived.  She didn’t want to start her evening with a day’s worth of stress still on her shoulders
 


. 
Eighteen
When Chase arrived at the Mangrove Café, it was jammed. It was a popular spot with the locals and did a brisk happy hour trade serving two-for-ones to the stressed-out working population. It had great food for the couples dinner crowd and it provided top notch local bands for the single party crowd on weekends. Not to mention it was on the water, had a floating dock and water taxi service and the tourists could sip fruity drinks while watching the giant yachts of the rich cruise by. All in all, not the best place for a quiet conversation, but it was a place they both knew and was convenient for both Shanna and Chase. 
After Joe had guided Chase back to the wildlife center, he found the bike still in one piece and sped back home to an irate Jake who let him know in no uncertain terms that he knew damn well his master was going out again and he didn’t like it one bit. Finally, freshly showered and primped and watched sorrowfully by Jake doing his best imitation of an abandoned puppy, Chase was able to make it to the Mangrove Café only an hour late. 
The place had three bars separated from the dining area and it was worse than the New York City subway in rush hour. Chase stood for a moment and watched the frenetic mating game going on around him. Finally deciding to enter the fray, Chase pushed his way through, was groped, shoved and fondled in various places and finally spotted Shanna’s fiery mane in the far corner, not surprised that she was surrounded by a covey of admirers. 
Chase knew that he was going to have his work cut out for him being an hour late on a first date, so he bulled his way through to Shanna and despite her coolness, managed to frighten off the swains who had been monopolizing her. No mean feat. Finally triumphant, he caught the bartender’s eye. Turning to ask what she was drinking he was met with hurt and anger in those electric gray eyes and an unforgiving expression that did not bode well. 
Luckily for Chase, Shanna had had just enough alcohol to mellow her out, but not enough to make her antagonistic. She was driving after all and was now on club soda. Chase felt a distinct chill in the air as he handed her a new club soda and watched a stubborn chin go up. She didn’t look at him but pointedly checked her watch. 
“We had an appointment an hour ago. I would have left already, but I couldn’t get through the mob.” Shanna’s tone matched the ice in her glass. She tossed back her hair and took a swallow of the soda. 
“I’m sorry.” Chase contrived to look devastatingly contrite. In truth he was tired. His brain was reeling from all the information it had processed today and he really wasn’t in the mood for a rowdy bar or a pissed off woman. Watching Shanna’s fiery mane in movement he thought fleetingly of fire and ice. 
Chase tossed down a shot of Jack Daniels and tried again. “Look Shanna, I really am sorry. It couldn’t be avoided and I appreciate you taking your time to help me. I know that you don’t really want to. Linda told me she put the screws to you.” 
“What?” Shanna leaned forward to hear what Chase was saying and almost got her nose broken as a customer pushed in between them, anxious to snag an unwilling bartender. 
Chase glared at the man but waited until he collected his drinks and left. “Look, we can't talk here, its impossible. My place is just round the corner. How about you accept my apology, I’ll cook us a couple of steaks in atonement and we can hear each other talk?” 
Shanna seemed to consider this. “No. I don’t think so. It’s getting late. Let’s make it another time.” She started to gather up her things. 
Chase tried again. “Jake could use some steak and he won't get any if we don’t have company. No ulterior motives. I promise. I’m too tired.” 
Shanna wavered. She searched Chase’s face, looked at her watch again, kept him waiting for eternity and then finally capitulated. “Okay, let’s go, but it better be a damn good steak.”
 


 
Nineteen 
Shanna wondered how she got through life in one piece. On the promise of the best steak ever, she got back in her car and followed an almost total stranger the couple of blocks to his place. Instinct. That’s how. It hadn't let her down yet, but there was always a first time. She was going to have words with Linda tomorrow, that’s for sure. 
Shanna followed Chase into his house, curiosity starting to take hold. She was met by flying fur and salty licks. Jake was ecstatic. Not only was he going to get company, but food too. He knew the signs. 
Chase went straight through to the patio and turned on the lights and lit some tiki torches then grabbed a bottle of wine and two glasses and led Shanna out into the back yard. He told Shanna there had been Christmas lights up all over the place last year and Sophie had removed all of them except the white ones. Now, together with the tiki torches, they lit the yard sufficiently that most of it could be seen. 
“Oh.” Shanna forgot her snit and walked out on the deck. “Its’ so beautiful. Chase, what a wonderful place, it’s like a miniature rain forest, and so secluded back here.” Entranced, she headed off to explore. 
“Careful.” Called Chase. “I haven’t had a chance to clean up after Jake yet.” He followed Shanna handing her a glass of wine before heading over to start the grill. While Chase was busy cooking, Shanna toured the yard and played with Jake. Then she settled comfortably on a glider feeding Jake peanuts until dinner was ready. They were silent for a while enjoying the night. 
Enclosed by the deck was a small rock garden. Chase told Shanna he had brought each rock back from a different country. He pointed them out to Shanna and had her laughing with his story of how he had started the garden, tired of all the browns of the Middle Eastern countries he had been visiting. He had spent one entire day digging and planting and watering, had gone inside for an hour and come out to find that Jake had not only dug them up all up but eaten every trace of every plant. Chase had been so furious he had tied the remains of a large plant around Jake’s neck and left him to wear it until it rotted. Jake, unlike any other dog, had not minded this at all and had, of course, won the battle. 
Dinner was served up on a small patio, artfully set further back in the garden. Chase provided New York strip, baked potato grilled in butter, sautéed onions and salad. 
Shanna took one bite and then set down her fork looking at Chase in amazement. “You’re in the wrong business. This is without doubt the best steak I have ever had. You could make a fortune if you opened up this place back here as a restaurant, or maybe a weekend getaway. Why aren’t you eating any?” Shanna demanded. 
Chase had piled his plate mostly with salad, his earlier meal with Joe having sated his appetite. He shrugged, “just not hungry, I guess.” 
While Shanna ate Chase kept the conversation light, giving her a condensed version of his life story in response to her intermittent questions. 
Finally she pushed her plate away. “I don’t believe you Chase Larsen. A place like this, you cook like that and you’ve never been married. You must be the world’s best kept secret from potential mothers-in-law.” 
Chase laughed. “I was always too busy, but I did have a few narrow escapes. It helped being a biker.  The leather and the attitude caused many a mother to drag their daughters from my clutches. Mothers prefer doctors and lawyers you know. Besides, most of the women who have visited here have done the cooking themselves. It is only a special lady who forces me to display my talents early. I had to get you to forgive me somehow.” 
Shanna ignored this. She was not yet ready to let down her guard. She fed Jake a scrap of steak. “He’s not a Viking, your master, he’s Irish, listen to his blarney.” 
Together they cleared the dishes and Chase showed Shanna the house pointing out bits and pieces of his past represented in pictures and furniture that he had collected over the years. It was a pleasant house, smallish, comfortably furnished, a mishmash of good antiques and unique items obviously from faraway places. It was definitely masculine and could do with a good cleaning but Chase made no apology. 
“How about another glass of wine to let that dinner settle?” Chase asked. 
Shanna didn’t hear him. She was staring at a picture of Chase with his arm round the shoulder of a petite Nordic looking blonde. “Chase?  Is this Sophie?” 
Chase came ambling over, bottle in hand. “Yes. That was taken about two years ago. I think it’s the last one of her that I have.” 
“God what a small world.  Chase I knew her, your sister.” Shanna couldn’t stop staring at the photograph. “She came into the office once for a consultation with Dominick. I remember because he threw her out. I’d never seen Dominick do that before. He literally threw her out and she looked so frightened. He wouldn’t tell me what it was all about, but I’ve never forgotten it, it was so out of character.” 
Shanna replaced the picture she had been holding on the table and turned to look at Chase whose face had darkened with fury at the mention of Dominick’s abuse of his sister. “She was so lovely. You must miss her very much.” 
Chase stared at the picture for a moment. “Yes. We were all we had, she and I. Did you ever find out why she was there? Was there a file on Sophie?” 
“No.” Shanna shook her head. “I checked. There was nothing and Dominick refused to discuss it. I’m sorry.” 
Chase poured two more glasses and took them out to the deck. 
Shanna settled on the glider and sipped her wine. She twirled her glass for a moment thoughtfully. “Thank you for dinner. For a meal like that you are forgiven although it wasn’t necessary. Now, about business. I know that I promised Linda I would help, but frankly, I really don’t see what I can do. Not that I wouldn’t like to, especially since I knew Sophie, even if slightly. Small world isn't it? You already told me you have a private investigator working on the case, and certainly they can do anything that I could. What is it that you need from me?” 
Chase watched the night sky as he responded. “I don’t really know. Linda didn’t realize I had Annie on the job when she enlisted you. She was just trying to help and once I saw you, of course, I encouraged her.” Chase grinned as Shanna made a face at him. “But there’s almost something fateful about this. You knew Sophie. Sophie knew your boss. Sophie worked for Myles Hickman. I think your boss was Hickman’s divorce lawyer. That puts you in the middle of this somehow. I don’t know how but I do know Hickman is the key. 
Shanna frowned. “You asked me about this Myles Hickman last time we met and when I answered you, I was only half joking. Ethically, I’m bound like a lawyer to client confidentiality, and anyway, at the time I didn’t know he was a client.” 
“So he is a client?” 
“Yes. His wife is suing him for divorce. Dominick is representing him. I normally wouldn’t even consider talking to you about him but there is something strange going on.” 
“How so?” 
“I’m not sure. I’ve never met the man, although I did have to go out to his house tonight. I’ve not even seen his file yet.” Shanna hesitated and then made up her mind. “I haven’t known you very long,” she paused and gave Chase an appraising stare from under her lashes before continuing with brutal frankness, “and I’m not sure I even like you very much but I do have this weird feeling that I’ve known you for years and Jake and Sophie. I want to help. I would want to help even if Linda hadn't asked me. If this Hickman character does have something to do with Sophie’s death then he should pay for it. I can’t promise you anything but I will look at the file and snoop around and see if I can come up with anything that is remotely off the wall. If I can’t though,” Shanna warned, “if everything looks like a normal divorce, then I won’t tell you anything, but maybe I can help in other ways. I could run license tags for instance, that’s pretty much public knowledge and it will keep the bill down a little from your PI firm if they don’t object.” 
Chase stood up and pulled Shanna to her feet. He hugged her close and hard, then released her reluctantly. “Thank you.” 
Shanna was startled. Caught off guard by the sudden emotional reaction of such a cool guy, she didn’t want to admit to herself how good that hug felt. Nor did she want to face the fact that there might be more to this man than met the eye. She looked at her watch, breaking the mood. She was damned if she going to be part of a casual seduction scene, although in truth, Chase was not guilty of that yet.
 



Twenty
Annie kicked off her sandals and tucked her feet under her. She could not shake this vague depression that had followed her lately. When she had spotted Chase earlier at the Mangrove Café, her spirits had lifted, but then he had bee-lined towards a stunning redhead.  Normally Annie would have cut him off at the pass in her usual brash way and let the redhead fight for him, but tonight she had sat and studied the two of them together for a while, then withdrawn quietly back to her office, her only sanctuary. 
Annie had been in love with Chase for years and she had fought long and hard to see some spark of that returned. It never was. Chase had an eye for the ladies and although he wouldn’t admit it, he wouldn’t be caught dead with someone who looked like Annie. 
Chase did love Annie, but to him she was one of the brothers. No more than that. This had never bothered Annie because Chase was a bit of a prick with the ladies. He usually picked the empty-headed ones. He had a penchant for dancers, the kind that looked great, spent money but required little conversation and less attention, once they had learned their place. Annie had enjoyed a special place because Chase had always treated her as an equal. 
Annie sighed. She had seen something different tonight. She must be getting old. She had never retreated before. This Sophie business had really gotten to her. Sophie and Chase were the only people in the world that Annie loved. Chase was tough. He could take care of himself and would get over his grief, after all he was a man but Annie had been hit hard. She needed to solve this one, for all of them, and by God she would. 
Annie shook herself like a dog throwing off her rare and unwelcome introspection. Men were only good for one thing. Fucking. Other than that they were nothing but trouble as Annie well knew, and she wanted no more of them. She had never had a problem getting laid. The only real interest she had in Chase, Annie told herself, was whether he was really any good. She had always wondered that. 
Jumping off the sofa Annie ran over to her desk. She lit one of her long thin cheroots, tossed off her melancholy with a gulp of French brandy and went to work. The piece of gold-colored metal that Chase had dropped off to Rose earlier lay on her desk. She picked it up and rolled it over and over in her fingers, squinting at it. The initials DB were a logo. She was sure of that. She had seen it somewhere before, but where and what was it anyway? It was not gold, but some kind of thin, cheap metal, some kind of packaging device maybe? Annie held onto it, rubbing it between her fingers while she dug through the mass of paperwork on her desk. 
Chase would have a fit if he knew how much she was into Sophie’s case for but he would never find out. Annie could afford it and it was her company, she would spend her money wherever she wanted. 
She read through the autopsy and police reports again. She also had been out to Sand Hills where Sophie’s body was found and interviewed anyone who had been near that section of the golf course. She had come up empty. Annie had enlarged the picture of Sophie as she was found that night. Something was wrong with it. She kept it pinned to the wall in front of her desk where she could see it at all times. As the file grew, the puzzle of that picture would be solved. Annie was a great believer in old-fashioned detail work. Now, as for that logo, that wouldn’t take long at all. 
Annie sighed again. In her present mood she would much rather go out and kick somebody’s ass. She grinned wickedly at the thought but reached for the power switch instead of her jacket. Annie had the most sophisticated software available. She poured some more brandy while the computer booted up. It was going to be a long night.
 



Twenty-one
Joe hadn’t been specific about how long the trip would take or whether Chase should bring any supplies, so the next morning, a habitual early riser, Chase packed the truck with a sleeping bag and a few camping supplies and was gone before dawn. Surprisingly, he had got the first good night’s sleep in weeks and was looking forward to doing something physical. Much to Jake’s disgust, he had been rudely awakened from his doggy dreams and unceremoniously dumped at the dog sitters. Chase knew he would pay for that one but thought it best to go it alone this time. 
About an hour later, Chase pulled into the tourist parking lot of the Seminole village on 441 and was met by a young Indian boy posted as lookout by Joe. The boy climbed in and gave Chase directions to a safe parking space inside the reservation, and about the same time Joe appeared. Twenty minutes after that, they were on the road south in Joe’s slick new Dodge Ram truck, headed for Everglades City. 
During the ride, the two men cemented the bantering friendship they had started the day before. Eventually Joe pulled off the road about fifteen miles southwest of Homestead, inside the Everglades National Park and they unloaded their camping gear into a canoe. Joe explained that he and Sophie had come all the way down by canoe, making a slow, leisurely trip, but in the interests of expediency, he thought it would be better to start here. From here on out they could retrace the steps of his earlier trip. 
Joe made no comment when Chase handled the canoe with easy expertise and the two men settled into a rhythm, each enjoying the silence of the wilderness so close to the noise of civilization. When Joe finally called a halt and they pulled the canoe up out of the water, Chase’s muscles were pleasantly tight from exertion. He was getting out of shape. They hiked inland a bit until they came to a small clearing and decided to take a break for lunch. Chase built a small fire and put on some coffee while Joe rummaged around in the cooler they had loaded in the canoe and came up with a couple of huge Italian sub sandwiches. 
Chase arched his eyebrows inquiringly. “What? No gator tail or frog leg fricassee?”  Joe’s reply, mumbled around a huge bite of sandwich was unintelligible but unmistakable. Chase laughed and took the other one, eating with gusto. “How much further?” 
Joe refilled his coffee cup. “About an hour or so. Then, from the camp Sophie and I used, it’s a short hike.” 
Chase was looking around. “I haven’t noticed many distinctive landmarks along the way. I don’t want to insult you by asking if you ever get lost, but this is my first time out here, and frankly, while I’m a pretty good survivalist, I would hate to get separated.” 
Joe nodded. “We Indians have spent our lives out here but I have known even some experienced white hunters get easily lost. It is not commonly known just how many people are found wandering around in here and how many more, whose remains are never found. Luckily, this is Florida. If you can survive the dangers in here, eventually you will come out. This part of Florida is only about a hundred miles wide and so if you don’t head directly north, eventually you will come out. It’s the obstacles in your way and losing your direction that will get you in trouble. The mosquitoes alone can kill you if you’re not properly prepared for them.” 
Chase stood up and brushed off the sand. “On that nice thought, shall we get going?” He was anxious now to reach the campsite. Although some time had passed, this was a desolate area and it was unlikely the site had been disturbed by other people. Perhaps they would be able to find something that made some sense. Chase got busy lugging their gear back to the canoe while Joe erased signs of their presence, giving their little beach back to the animals it belonged to. 
Joe turned the canoe up a small channel heading east and after a while the landscape began to change, becoming sandier. Eventually, around two o’clock, Joe beached the canoe and the two men shouldered their gear and hiked inland. They came to a flat, relatively clear spot and Joe pointed to an area about a hundred yards away. “That’s where Sophie and I were camped.” 
Chase was damned if he could see how Joe could tell that area from the rest. Chase couldn’t see the remains of a campfire or any signs that anyone had been there at all, but if Joe said they were here, then they were here. He squatted down thankful for the break. 
Joe went rummaging in the underbrush and came out with his stash. In short order he had erected a little chickee from dried palm fronds and a cypress framework that he had disassembled and hidden from his previous trip. “All the comforts of home.” Joe grinned. Bring up my stuff will you. I brought my notes and sample case so I can save myself another trip.” 
“Sample case?” Chase lugged it over to the chickee. “Samples of what?” 
“Soil, water, vegetation, bugs.” Joe answered from inside the chickee. “Sometimes even dead animals or portions thereof. With the chickee up, we can stay the night if we find something interesting at the campsite and run out of daylight.” 
Chase went back to the canoe for the beer. He was just lifting it out of the canoe when he tensed, his senses telling him he was not alone. Without stopping what he was doing Chase looked around. He saw nothing unusual but he knew something was there. Chase hoisted the cooler onto his shoulder and headed back toward the chickee. He hadn't gone more than a couple of steps when he heard a heavy thumping, rustling sort of sound, spooky. 
Chase eased the cooler to the ground. His movements exaggeratedly slow and silent. He felt vibrations beneath his feet and simultaneously heard a sound so huge and primeval it rooted him to the spot. The ancestors within him instantly cried “dragon” and Chase was inclined to agree. The sound came again, and then an answering bellow from across the sawgrass. Then another and another. The noise reverberated in the humid air with unearthly power. Haunting bass sounds that made a peculiar music. 
The rustling sound was drowned out in this strange music but in between bellows Chase heard it change to a solid dragging noise. It was coming from his left and increasing in speed. 
“Don’t’ move.” Joe was close behind him and whispered in his ear. 
“No chance of that.” Chase threw back. “What exactly is that and how big is it?” 
“That, my friend, is the mating bellow of a bull alligator and I do believe you stand in the path between him and the object of his affections. The gator hole is off to our right.” 
“Christ. It must be as big as a dinosaur. Can we just get out of here?” 
“Chances are not good. He is very close and gators are extremely fast, much faster than people. When he makes his charge, run like hell towards the camp and get some obstacles between you and him. Perhaps he will prefer the scent of his new lady friend.” 
“And while I’m doing the running what will you be doing exactly?” Chase risked a squint over his shoulder to look at Joe. 
Joe grinned. “You are dinner bait. Gators prefer white meat too, perhaps food will take him off the scent of love.” 
Chase returned his gaze to the nearby landscape. He still couldn’t see anything. “Shit. Wouldn’t it be better to just get out of the way and let him get to his girlfriend?” 
Joe, also was watching the terrain. “Indeed it would, but gators are not too bright and always vicious. They will eat anything that comes within range of their mouth and you, my friend, have just become the object of that bull’s fascination.” 
The noise was now much closer. Joe stepped back away from Chase just as Chase saw a broad blunt snout and massive triangular head break through the underbrush on his left. The creature was black and huge and its hooded black eyes fastened on Chase were cold and reptilian despite the creature’s obvious agitation. It bellowed again, giving Chase a perfect view of those rows of big, vicious teeth and then it rushed him. 
Chase ran. He was amazed at the speed of the creature. Cursing Joe for deserting him he tucked in his head, pumped his arms and tore off in the direction of the camp ducking behind shrubs and grass mounds all the way as far as the lay of the land would let him. He heard the creature behind him, pictured those teeth closing in on his legs and ran faster. He hoped to God Joe was right about lust being stronger than hunger because that monster had four legs to his two and he wasn’t in quite the shape he used to be when he did basic training all those years ago. 
Chase was close to the water at the campsite now. No sign of Joe and Chase’s breath was coming short and choppy. The gator had no such problem. Chase ran directly into the water. There was a tree on the bank with a low overhanging branch. Hopefully it would hold. Gasping for air, Chase made it across, grabbed for the branch and hauled himself up, swinging up and over the branch in one fluid motion. He heard a huge splash as the gator sank back into the water. 
“Joe. You son of a bitch. Where are you?” Chase had breath enough for that. 
“Here kimosabe.” Joe appeared directly beneath his tree, minus his pants and with his shirttail hanging free. “You just stay right there. Joe’ll take care of that ol’ gator for you.” 
“I couldn’t frigging move if I wanted to.” Chase gasped for air in between sentences. “What the hell are you doing, taking a nap while I become dinner?” Chase was too outraged to do more than splutter. 
“Not hardly.” Joe started wading into the water and Chase was alarmed to see a long black shape silently slink towards Joe, its long black tail threshing angrily. 
“Look out. It’s behind you.” At that moment the gator dove and disappeared. 
“You see,” Joe continued unperturbed, “this is a gator hole and that guy’s den is under the bank here. He’s gone back to sulk for a minute or two while he gets his brain in gear. Then he’ll come out again and we’ll nab him.” 
“We’ll nab him. Are you crazy?” Chase had climbed down out of his tree. “You don’t even have a knife on you.” 
“Not necessary.” Joe kept his focus on the bank beneath the gator hole.  “Watch.” 
Chase bent over, hands on his knees, still trying to catch his breath.  Joe had walked closer to the bank and was standing with his legs straddled. From the bank, Chase could see down into the water and he saw the gator come out from under the bank directly between Joe’s legs. Joe bent down towards the gator and then all hell broke loose. The water roiled and cascaded as man and beast thrashed as one. They rolled over in the water in continuous furious motion. First Joe on top and then the gator. In quick glimpses Chase could see that Joe had the beast by the mouth and had his legs wrapped around the gator’s legs. The gator was spinning like a top in an effort to throw off this unwanted maniac. It made a herculean effort, but its captor stuck to him like glue. 
Chase didn’t know what to do next. He ran around the bank following the battle, sure that Joe would drown or lose his grip. It seemed to go on forever when suddenly the water quieted. Joe was close to the bank, lying on his back, the gator belly up on top of him, unmoving. Joe squirmed his way up onto the beach, helped by Chase. 
“Hand me a knife will you man?”  Joe panted. 
Chase wordlessly passed over his knife. He waited while Joe said some kind of prayer and then dispatched his prey with practiced ease. 
Joe stood up and stretched out his aching muscles. He nodded towards the dead gator.  “He’s a good size. I wouldn’t normally kill such an animal but given its mating season, we wouldn’t be able to get rid of him. He would get one of us.” 
Chase was still looking at the gator’s teeth. “Not kill him? He’d hardly make a good pet.”  
Joe shrugged. “Normally we would tie up his mouth and tie his legs over his back and relocate him. It is not our way to harm animals unnecessarily.” This method does make for a bit of a work out. It would have been a lot easier to hang a rope noose outside the gator hole. That way he will tie himself up with his spinning, but I haven't had a good gator hunt in a long time. How about gator tail for dinner?” 
“You bet your ass.” Chase would be delighted to gnaw on this guy. “Are we likely to get interrupted like this again?” 
Joe shrugged. “It’s possible, but unlikely. The gators will normally remain in the background. This one attacked only because he was feeling the fires of his hormones and you were in the way.” 
Both men were sweating from their efforts. Chase went back for the cooler and broke out a six pack and they paused for a beer. While he drank Chase could almost visualize Sophie in this place, delightedly searching out her turtles, snapping pictures for her scrapbook. He reflected that the last time he had come home from overseas, while Sophie was still married, she had never set foot in a place like this and wouldn’t have dreamt of traveling anywhere that didn’t have a warm shower and a color television. Funny how people changed. Here, she had been happy. He was sure of it. Her presence was strong. Joe was sitting quietly watching him. Chase knew that Joe felt her here too. The two men sat reflecting in silent communication. 
A shadow darkened the campsite momentarily and they both looked up to watch a small cloud that had crossed in front of the sun. Joe got up. “We’d better get started. If that is the beginning of an afternoon build up, we may not have too long to investigate before the rain hits.” 
Joe in the lead, they followed a game trail through some patches of palmetto. There were a few trees dotted here and there but mostly the ground cover was low and dense. Eventually the trail led them to a large circular area, devoid of vegetation. The area seemed to consist of landlocked beach sand. Chase had no idea how far they were from the actual Keys or whether this was normal landscaping here, but it looked really strange, surrounded as it was by the wildness of the Everglades. 
Joe pointed ahead. “The camp was over there, almost into the scrub. That’s why Sophie didn’t see it when she came out of this trail. Joe gestured at what Chase presumed was a game trail of some kind. He had just found out the hard way that alligators made trails. Perhaps this was one constructed by their now deceased dinner. 
Joe continued, pointing out the areas as he talked. “She just saw all this trash here in the middle of nowhere and it got her dander up. She followed the trash trail and then came upon some weird looking equipment, just about here.” The two men had been walking while Joe talked. 
Chase squatted down. “Well there doesn’t appear to be anything here now.” 
“No.” Joe squatted on his heels and looked around him. “She was looking around here when she said two guys came out of the brush over there.” Chase looked over to where Joe was pointing. The area seemed to be dense with cabbage palms and saw palmetto. 
Joe went on. “That’s when she noticed the camp. They looked like hunters but were carrying rifles and wearing handguns. They started interrogating her and she got frightened and backed away. They didn’t say anything more. Just stopped and opened fire. That’s when I arrived. I tripped her to the ground and fired back at them. They were disconcerted by some kind of radio communication for a moment and I grabbed Sophie and got her back in the brush. From there we were able to evade them and make our way back to camp.” 
Joe got up, stretching his long legs. “I was worried they would come after us, so I stashed Sophie in the brush, once I got her calmed down, and went back for another look. I took my time to make sure they didn’t get around me and find Sophie and by the time I got there and had tracked around enough to know that they were gone, there was nothing left to see except what I showed you. I only made a hasty search because I wanted to get back to Sophie. Later, when I came back, I found nothing.” Shrugging, Joe looked over the area, “Obviously, because of the time lapse, we’re probably wasting our time, but you never know. Why don’t we start by circling around the edges? I’ll take this half and you take that one and we’ll meet over there where their original camp was.” 
“Okay by me.” Chase was already on his feet and working his way out to the edge of the vegetation. An hour later they had covered the entire area, including the campsite and found nothing. Disappointed, Chase was heading towards the edge of the water to wait for Joe when he felt something crunch underfoot. Looking down, he noticed it was one of those weird sand things they had found earlier and then he noticed they were everywhere around him, but only in this small area where he stood. He judged they covered a distance of around twenty feet. Chase made a thorough inspection of the area, even digging in several areas but found nothing else. 
Joe double-checked when he arrived and again came up empty handed. Joe was perplexed. He studied the area thoughtfully but at last shook his head. “It doesn’t make sense. I’ve never seen so many of these things in one place, and look,” Joe picked up two of the fulgurites. “This one is a typical sand fulgurite but this other one is the same as the ones Sophie kept. It seems to be of a totally different consistency. I don’t know much about these things, but I think that’s impossible.” 
Both men raised their heads at the same time sniffing the air like wolves. It smelt of distant places. A lively breeze gusted over them. It had sprung up out of nowhere. Like a playful poltergeist it ruffled their hair and rattled the bushes, blowing gusts of sand here and there. What startled both Joe and Chase was that this wind had the indefinable but unmistakable energy that always presaged the proximity of a hurricane. Anyone who had ever been close to a hurricane could tell you that the first breezes that reached you were dancing, playful things, almost with a life of their own, intent on mischief, presaging the powerful devastation yet to come. There really was nothing else like it and both men knew immediately what it was. They also knew that it could not be. No hurricane was anywhere on the radar of the weather stations. 
Where a moment ago the sky had been almost clear, now there were dark storm clouds building all around them. Joe and Chase packed some fulgurites into their pockets. 
“Let’s go.” Joe set out at a fast pace. “We don’t want to be stuck here in bad weather. I don’t know what this is but I don’t like the smell of it at all. It brings out the Indian in me.” 
Chase was not about to argue. The weather had spooked him too. They made it back to camp in short order and had the canoe packed in next to no time. Both men working with easy efficiency. The wind had gotten stronger, the sky darker. The water started to whip up and the trees bent under the gusts. Joe headed the canoe out of the shelter of their little inlet into a wider channel and here they had no shelter and the rain began. 
It came streaming down, pelting them with sharp needles of water. Within minutes the wind had grown so intense it howled around them, blasting the rain almost horizontally into their faces. The water grew gray and choppy, slapping angrily at the canoe. The sky darkened so much it seemed like nightfall and at the same time the heat intensified, sucking up the air so that they felt smothered. They paddled faster. As yet there was no thunder or lightning, but they did not want to be on the water when it came. 
They were two strong men, but it was hard going. They had to fight the wind for every inch and to make matters worse it screamed around them forcing rain into their eyes and down their throats. The rain streamed from their sodden backs cooling heated muscles and streaming from their clothes in steaming mists. They paddled doggedly, heads down, blinded but determined. They had made little headway when all at once the wind changed direction, pushing them from behind. Neither man had seen weather like this before. Both were used to sudden storms blowing up, but this was something different. It was almost like tornado weather, yet it wasn’t. Too busy to wonder about it, both men bent to their task. 
The slicing rain beat down on and around them, reducing the world to a silvery curtain. They bent low in their seats, muscles straining, minds blocking the pain, focusing on the rhythm of their strokes so that they sliced through the water like automatons. 
The storm kept pace with them. The devilish wind sent branches hurling toward them, turned into flying cannonballs, almost as if they had been aimed and the wind was bowling, trying for a strike. The automaton broke its rhythm as overtaxed muscles quaked in protest and refused to obey. As soon as their pace slowed the water took over and the wind changed its game. The wind was winning. Now it shoved them, first in one direction, then in another. Still stubbornly working as best they could towards shelter Joe and Chase fought the storm until the inevitable happened. A flying branch hurtled into the canoe, driving it onto an unseen obstacle. 
Chase last saw Joe struggling to maintain a grip as Chase was hurled into the water. He knew that the Everglades could be extremely shallow in places and had no idea what depth of water they had been paddling in. His visibility was nil and he thought only of alligators and water moccasins as he flew through the maelstrom. He figured Thor had finally gotten tired of playing with him and now it was up to the gods.
 


 
Twenty-two
Dominick stood out like a sore thumb. Only someone with his arrogance would have walked into a biker-owned strip bar located in the poorest black neighborhood in the north end, even if it was in the middle of the afternoon. True, a respectable neighborhood was only a couple of blocks away, but it was also a couple of worlds. Outside, crack addicts lounged on the sidewalk and hookers meandered up and down the block. 
Nor had Dominick been intimidated by the bouncer the size of a brick wall who had merely given him a perplexed look as he sauntered inside. One of his clients had told Dominick once that he had had life too good. He had never suffered, never been put down, abused, or hungry and therefore had no concept of the danger he placed himself in at certain times. Since he had never experienced being on the receiving end, Dominick viewed the seamier sides of life as not pertaining to him and was convinced, with true legal beagle superiority, that as a lawyer, no one would dare mess with him. This same client had also predicted that it was only a matter of time and that Dominick would push one button too many and not be able to deal with the consequences. 
Dominick supposed that was why he pushed it. He seemed to have a knack for knowing just how far he could go without getting into trouble. While he would not admit it to himself, he knew that when he stepped on the line he ran like a frightened rabbit. He was confident though, that no one suspected this. Dominick’s opinion of himself was that of a ballsy guy who had the world by the tail. 
Occasionally, like now, while he was sipping beer and munching peanuts in a seedy strip bar, an introspective mood descended and he was forced to take inventory. He was not broke, but he had not hit the big case yet and he was getting older. Last year they had finally stricken him from the Young Lawyer’s Association although they should have done it years ago. He was losing his hair. He had not spawned a family to carry on the name and he could not party like he used to. Other lawyers were judges now or in high income tax brackets with grown kids and even grandchildren. Dominick didn’t really like women very much and couldn’t stand kids. There was, therefore, only one purpose to life - screw everyone and continue searching for the proverbial good life. 
Busy with his ruminations, Dominick had not paid attention when the bouncer seated him at a rather large table in the center of the room. It was dark and smoky and he had other things on his mind. Now it got darker and the music started. Dominick was about to take another swig of beer when a spotlight fell full on his table and he found himself staring up at a pair of shapely chocolate brown legs and two very large breasts that descended toward him, shaking and twitching to the music. 
Dominick instantly realized that he was the only person in the place, other than the dancer, in full view, and from the jeers and catcalls coming from all around him, it appeared that the place had filled up rather suddenly. There was only one thing to do. Sit back and enjoy the show. Dominick grudgingly tucked a single dollar bill into the girl’s g-string, leering obscenely as he did so, then sat back and watched while she gyrated sinuously for him, fascinated despite himself. She was not too young and not too attractive but she had a body to kill for and Dominick urged her on jeering and catcalling with the rest of the customers. 
He didn’t want the bouncer to enjoy his little joke, so when the lights went back on, he stayed where he was, signaling the waitress for another beer. He was getting restless. Mick should have been here by now. Dominick looked around for a phone to check his answering machine for messages and it was in the dingy corridor that Mick finally appeared looking sullen and hungover. Mick’s case was coming up for trial and Mick professed not to have any money to pay Dominick’s fee. 
Dominick had initially called this meeting to bow out and leave Mick to hang with a public defender, but the meeting with Myles had changed Dominick’s mind. Mick’s lousy attitude and tough veneer was just what Dominick needed. In reality Dominick thought the man a useless punk who liked to bully women, but he did ride a motorcycle and he looked the part. 
To Dominick a bike was a bike. He could care less whether it was a Honda, a Kawasaki or a Harley. He had also found out through a background check that Mick would do almost anything for money. His rap sheet included breaking and entering, petty theft and a little strong-arm stuff. He had no convictions yet, just arrests but he had been in and out of trouble for most of his life. Dominick had fleetingly wondered how the man had managed to come so far without a conviction but wasn’t interested enough to follow through. 
This time Dominick selected a corner table in the back and the two men got down to business. Mick was a regular and every time an acquaintance passed by Mick would introduce Dominick as his lawyer. Dominick relaxed a little. He wouldn’t have any trouble with anyone if he was representing one of their own. 
Mick knew what this meeting was about and went on the offensive. “So Dom, we ready for trial? I thought you had everything you needed from me.” 
Dominick scowled at the temerity of his low-life client. He hated being called Dom and Mick knew it. “I do Mick. Everything except money. You haven’t paid dime one since your retainer and you know damn well I don’t work for free. Have you got the rest?” 
Put immediately on the defensive, Mick’s face darkened with anger. “Not on me, but I’ll have it for you. I told you I would.” 
Dominick took no notice of Mick’s surly attitude. “Not good enough, Mick. I don’t get paid, you go to jail.” 
“Jesus Christ,” Mick exploded. “You can’t back out now, we’re too close to trial. I’ll never get anyone who can be ready in time.” 
Dominick observed Mick’s sniffy nose with disgust just as Mick wiped it on the back of his arm and took another giant sniff. He sat hunched over, as if cold. Evidently, Dominick’s money was going up the man’s nose. 
Dominick shrugged uncaringly. “Those are the breaks.” He waved a finger in Mick’s face. “Don’t try to con a lawyer Mick. All those jokes about us are true.” Dominick got up to leave. 
Mick laid a restraining hand on his arm. “Dominick, you can’t do this to me. I promised I’ll get you the money and I will. I just can’t do it now. Can’t we work something out?” 
Dominick felt the power in Mick’s arm and saw that his mood was getting ugly. “Like what? What have you got?” Dominick sat back down again. He didn’t want the rest of the place getting involved in their conversation. 
“What do you need? Dope, guns, women, what?” Mick was back in his Mike Hammer role. 
Dominick stared at him thoughtfully, assessing the risks. Mick’s role-playing fantasies were borderline schizoid and his moods were unpredictable but there was no one else on short notice. He would have preferred an intermediary to handle this, but he was so close now. There wasn’t time to finesse anything. They could blow the whole thing apart. After it was over it wouldn’t matter whether they could tie him to Mick or not. The only question was whether Mick could handle the assignment. 
Finally he decided he had no choice in the matter. He leaned forward, forcing Mick to lean towards him to hear what he had to say. “Okay. Here’s the deal. I need a little job done that is extremely confidential. It’s between you and me and no one else. If you talk, I will hear about it and you will be finished, capisch?” 
Mick nodded. “Understood.” 
“Okay. If you get the job done I will represent you at your trial and all post-trial proceedings and there will be no charge. We’ll consider it a wash, okay?” Dominick knew that Mick was aware just how much private lawyer representation would cost him at a drug trial, Mick was very astute in matters of money. He watched as Mick’s face reflected calculation, satisfaction and a certain vicarious anticipation. 
Mick peered around and lowered his voice. “You want someone hit do you?” Mick had apparently decided that the cost of freedom was going to be high. 
“No. I want you to be available at any time up until the time of your trial to do some investigative work.” Dominick knew that playing Mike Hammer would puff up Mick’s feathers no end. He only hoped he would keep his mouth shut. “I need you to follow someone for me. There may be some breaking and entering, if I decide this person has what we’re looking for. My regular investigator is away. Since you are not a licensed investigator and are known to the police, you will be on your own if you are caught. I will represent you but you will contact me only in the capacity of lawyer, is that clear?” 
“Sure, no sweat.” Mick became affable and Dominick could tell the moron was convinced he had a great deal now. 
“One more thing. This person is a biker. If he catches on to you, he will come after you and there may be some rough stuff. It is very important that you stay in the background. I’m sure you can take care of yourself but I don’t want this guy to know he’s being watched unless I say so. Got it?” 
Mick scowled but reluctantly agreed. “Got it.” 
“I may want him to know. It might be necessary to, shall we say, convince him to give me what I want. In that case you will need help. Do you have someone who will do a little convincing for a few bucks?” 
Mick grinned. “I don’t need no help with that. You just give the word.” 
“Good. Have you still got your phone?” 
Mick patted his side pocket affirmatively. 
“I will call you when I need you. I expect an immediate response. Don’t let me down.” Dominick checked his watch. He looked around the bar and satisfied that no one had been paying them any attention, he left quickly, sticking Mick with the exorbitant tab.
 
 


Twenty-three
Something hurt. As he came back up from the depths, Chase realized that pain had brought him back. He thought about this without opening his eyes. Finally, he had the pain localized. It was in his right wrist and forearm. Taking inventory, Chase determined that every muscle in his body hurt, but aside from his right arm he seemed to be okay. He could wiggle his fingers and toes, move all his limbs. He seemed to be wet and he was lying on his stomach. It was quiet. So either the storm had passed or he had died. Chase licked his lips, sniffed the air, listened to water lapping and the unmistakable sound of hungry insects and concluded he was still in one piece. He opened his eyes. 
He was lying on a small muddy stretch of mangrove roots. Evidently he had pulled himself up on them with his right arm before passing out. His forearm was torn and bleeding. His wrist was puffed and swollen, but experience told him it was likely just a strain. 
He was still sopping wet but that didn’t tell him how long he had been out. It could have been raining for hours. It was still light, but dusk would not be long coming. Chase had been in some ungodly places at different times during his life, but he did not relish the thought of a night in the Everglades alone. He sat up gingerly and looked around. 
The mangrove roots seemed to be moving. Closer inspection revealed tiny crabs scuttling around, going about their business without regard to the newcomer in their midst. On one side was an expanse of water, a sawgrass prairie, brown and discouraging, topped here and there with swarms of mosquitoes so thick they made dark, dense clouds. Florida mosquitoes were devilish cunning, Chase thought, they were almost silent until they were right on you, but not here. Chase could hear them loud and clear. 
There was no sign of the canoe or of Joe. Chase was wearing boots, jeans and his shirt was still in one piece. He rinsed off his arm as best he could wondering if he was doing it any favors with the brackish water around him, then rolled down his sleeves buttoning one. The other had lost its button. He tied it with a thong of vine. He put his jeans inside his boots and relaced them tightly. Then he buttoned his shirt all the way up and turned up the collar. That done, an inspection of his pockets provided some wet cigarettes, a weatherproof lighter, a pocketknife, a comb, his wallet and keys. 
Chase took an experimental step into the water. It was like entering a field of steak knives. He stepped back as hastily as the muck sucking greedily on his boots would allow. No good that way. He would get slashed and sucked to death and God knows what else. The previous alligator encounter loomed large in Chase’s mind. In fact he thought he saw one further out, submerged up to its snout but it was too far to tell. Guess with a hide like that you can swim anywhere you want thought Chase, stepping further back. He knew he was far from alone. There was the occasional plop of fish and dragonflies whizzed about him. A flock of black birds appeared out of nowhere, swooping low over the water like dive bombers. What else there was Chase was in no doubt he would find out. 
Turning he surveyed the expanse of mangroves behind him. Dark and brooding, they grew thickly together and gave Chase no hint of what lay beyond. It looked primeval and sinister. So, he was marooned. No way through the water and a solid wall behind him. 
Chase knew that if Joe had made it to safety he would come looking for him. The dilemma Chase faced was whether to stay put or try to find his way out. The stretch of mangrove roots he was standing on was no longer than ten feet. There was no place to escape from whatever predator might chance upon him there. He did not like those odds and he did not know whether the water would rise to cover the roots. Really, there was no decision. Chase knew he could not sit on those roots all night waiting for the monsters of the swamp. At least if he was moving, doing something, he could limit his imagination to the task at hand. 
Chase hoped that his shirt and jeans were thick enough to protect him from the mosquitoes. He spread a mud paste over his face and hands, and as an afterthought, even in his hair. That left nothing for the little nasties to feed on. Little, they were dinosaur-sized out here. They sounded like Zero’s on a kamikaze run. The next problem was where to go. Chase had heeded Joe’s words, “anywhere but north, and you had to come out somewhere”, the problem was the obstacles in between. Then too, should he try to travel through the night or find a shelter and build a fire? 
Since he couldn’t walk on water, which was full of knives anyway, the first problem was solved for him and Chase eyed the long stretch of densely packed mangrove, searching for a possible entrance. It didn’t look promising. 
Finally, he settled on a patch just to the left of where he was standing that looked a shade less dense than the rest which wasn’t saying much. There was only one way to handle this. Chase let loose with a thunderous Viking war cry startling the little crabs. He worked on it, louder and longer and then as he felt the berserker mood settle on him, Chase charged the trees, squeezing his way in, twisting and bending, clawing his way, making as much noise as possible to announce his visit to any residents inclined to cross his path. Too bad he didn’t have a battleaxe. 
It was dark in there, a black hellhole. The trees reached out with their long fingers to keep him captive. Too squished to yell anymore, Chase grimly clawed and shoved his way through thrusting away the branches that seemed to try and keep their scraggly hold on him. The branches seemed to compress more the further he got and he envisioned being found, held captive by the spiny fingers of a massive mangrove, clutching him close and eventually growing through him as he hung there in its embrace. 
Chase closed his eyes to shut out the vision of those black spindly branches and so he wouldn’t see any spiders. Chase hated spiders. He wondered if the brothers Grimm had ever wandered through the mangroves at night. Snakes didn’t even bear thinking about. 
Eventually, scratched, sweaty and disheveled, Chase broke through into what looked like passable terrain. He shook himself and thrashed at his hair and face to dislodge anything that might have hitched a ride there fighting the urge to strip. Chase remembered the leeches in New Guinea. He had stripped then. He shook with revulsion. Ugh. One battle fought. How many more to go? 
A glance at the sky did not help. There was no sun to give him a direction and it was rapidly getting darker. Chase sighed. Nothing was ever easy. Well, moss always grew on the north side of trees and rocks. So, if he could find some, he could travel sideways to the right, he should be heading east and hopefully he would find his way out to the ocean or to civilization, or to somewhere. 
Along the way he would carve a notch into the trees he passed and trample down some vegetation in case Joe and his friends had picked up his trail. He knew the Seminoles were phenomenal trackers. During the Vietnam era, those who were in the armed forces had mostly been Rangers. The stories about their exploits and heroism, mostly alone, in the Vietnamese jungles were the stuff of folklore. 
He would not be able to travel in the dark unless he had some type of light, and even that would be next to impossible, especially if he had to fight through any more mangroves. 
Another decision made, Chase figured he had about an hour of decent light left in which to find shelter. Double-checking his direction, he set off at a steady pace trying to figure his options as he went. He could try nesting in a tall tree for the night or, if he could find a decent clearing, he could build a fire and not be in danger of breaking his neck. Either way he would not be able to sleep. 
Chase was not sufficiently knowledgeable about the wildlife in the Everglades to know what predators might disturb him, so he was not about to sleep on the ground with just the stars for comfort. Like most people,he had heard the stories about exotic creatures misbreeding out here. After hurricane Andrew had destroyed the Miami Zoo, many of the escaped creatures had never been recaptured, and then there were the idiots who got illegal creatures for pets and released them when they got too big. There really could be monsters out here. 
Logically, then, his best bet would be a tree. He could fashion some type of torch and take several up with him. In the event something threatened, he could scare it off with the torch, and if he could find a strong vine, he could tie himself to the tree and maybe get some sleep. 
Thus encouraged, decision number three made, Chase started looking for a likely tree. Looking around at the vast expanse in front of him, Chase now understood why the Everglades was often referred to as a river of grass, but further off he spied a stand of cypress. There must be a likely tree over there.
 



Twenty-four
Brian was getting bored. Tossing the Hickman place had been way too easy and as he thought, he had found nothing of interest. Americans were such great ones for gadgets but they were so sloppy. Any fool with half a mind could have burgled the place while they slept. 
Just to be on the safe side, Brian also searched the Turtle Rescue Center but apart from a lobster that would have made a great dinner, he came up empty. They should have given this job to a trainee and probably would have except that Brian would have done just about anything to be out in the field again, even if his talents were wasted. Oh the good old days of James Bond. Whatever happened to them? 
Well now, all this housebreaking was getting awfully boring. He had yet to check out the biker’s place, but that could wait. The report was in on those rocks he had sent back. Brian scanned it impatiently. Fulgurites, blah, blah, blah, non-indigenous rock, blah, blah, blah. Good grief, these analyst types. 
Frustrated Brian skipped to the bottom line. The consensus seemed to be that since there was no other explanation, the rocks were man-made, for what purpose no one knew because the mineral analysis had shown the eggheads nothing of interest. However, it obviously had something to do with the formula that Brian sought and as such was a valuable find. A whole team of eggheads had been assigned to duplicating the material. 
Hmph, Brian snorted. They could do that forever and come up with nothing. 
De Brandt minerals was getting very nervous and the vibrations were filtering down. Soon there would be rumors of upheavals in the world diamond market. Brian’s orders read: proceed with full speed and caution. Great. How did you proceed cautiously at full speed? 
Brian thought it was time to get some supplies. He would go to Miami, nothing local. His contact down there had already set up a meet with a weapons dealer in Little Havana. After that he would put his nose back to the scent and see what it turned up. Whistling, Brian headed out to his black box on wheels. Maybe he could get some good cigars while he was down there.
 


 
Twenty-five
Chase had been walking for some time and it was getting really dark now. The stand of trees were slowly getting closer but Chase’s uneasiness grew. It was treacherous walking even in good light. He couldn’t risk tripping and maybe breaking a leg. 
As the dark of night settled down around him, the voice of the Everglades grew ever louder and Chase worked at separating the sounds to keep focused away from his predicament. There were the frogs. Millions of them there must be and what a noise they made. There was the occasional strange clacking noise, which Chase now knew was caused by an alligator snapping its jaws together. The birdcalls had mostly stopped and Chase pictured them all tucked up in their nests for the night. Only the monsters would be out now. 
Chase was keeping up his pace pretty well. Despite the danger, he wanted to get to a nice empty tree in a hurry but he gradually became aware of one sound over the others. He hadn't heard it before and couldn’t quite define it although it was close. He stopped, listening. It seemed to be coming from the ground directly in front of him. He took another step forward. Something moved under his boot, something slithery and hissing. Chase recoiled in a hurry, almost falling backwards. Staring intently in the gloom, he saw that the whole game trail which he had been following seemed to be moving. It was alive. Chase risked some of the precious fluid in his lighter, holding it close to the ground, then wished he hadn't. 
Snakes, or maybe eels, they seemed to be wet, hundreds of them all coiled up together and swirling along in a mass. They were about three feet long and fat. Big snakes, slimy looking, traveling Medusa style. Chase held the lighter up further. They kept coming. He had never seen anything like this. The thought that he had almost plowed into the middle of this mass of coiled muscle almost made him gag. Beat this, Indiana Jones. They were at least going across his path and not coming directly at him. They didn’t seem to take any notice of the light and Chase was now not bothered by fuel at all. He was not going to put that light out until the last damn one of them was out of sight. Chase stayed where he was, glued to the spot waiting for this incredible nest of vipers to go on their way. The lighter burned his fingers. He didn’t notice. 
Goddamn. Nobody gave those pioneers enough credit. What they had gone through and for what, a mosquito infested swamp that tried to kill you at every turn. Amazing. Eventually, the path was clear again. Chase picked out a likely tree before he put away his lighter and started running. Enough was enough. 
Panting, he reached his tree and hallelujah, it was climbable. Chase went up it in a hurry skinning his hands as he went. He didn’t appear to have any company and hoped that he had climbed high enough to dissuade most critters that might get curious. He had made a vine earlier while wandering his lonely path and now used it to tie himself into a notch where two heavy branches met. He settled in, uncomfortable, far from sleepy, but very tired. He dozed in fits and starts for a while. He awoke to thunder that was different than any he had heard before. Chase supposed everything seemed different out here. This thunder started with a deep rumble across the skies, much like the menacing growl of an awakening lion. In the immenseness of this wilderness, it was a very scary sound. Chase came fully awake and cursed, realizing the possibility of electrocution by lightning was becoming larger by the moment. 
Tied to his tree Chase was provided a spectacular display of nature’s power. The storm seemed to stay in one place. Strike after strike of dazzling displays of lightning flashed and sizzled for what seemed like hours in a spot to the south of him. High in his aerie, Chase was mesmerized by the blinding flashes and the noise of the thunder as it rolled over him in waves, reverberating for miles. There was no rain for which Chase was thankful, he had been wet enough for one day and, he realized, the storm would help keep the critters away. It also provided light, albeit in sizzling flashes, so that he could get glimpses of the area below. Eventually, the storm stopped abruptly and he relaxed enough to left his exhaustion take over. 
The next morning Chase woke early, just as the sun was coming up over the horizon. He was a little the worse for wear. The mosquitoes had broken through the mud in patches and feasted. Chase itched unbearably. He was stiff and sore from his unnatural position in the tree and his arm was now practically useless. Thankfully, he was left-handed. 
From his vantage point, Chase checked the direction in which he was traveling and saw that it appeared to be dry, passable land and it looked like a beautiful morning. So far so good. Climbing stiffly down from his nest, he warily watched the ground beneath him for signs of unwelcome company. If any had visited in the night, they hadn't stayed long enough to wake him up, but once more down on mother earth who knew what surprises awaited. 
He sat for a while with his back to his tree, thankful to be on at least somewhat firm ground again. The sun was climbing up there in a clear sky and it looked like it was going to be a roaster. He caught just a glimpse of a white tailed deer as it bounded away over the sawgrass. His stomach growled. It was time for breakfast. 
In a place of such plentiful life, breakfast should be easy right? Fish perhaps. Certainly not frog. Not deer. That would be wasteful. What then? In no hurry this morning, Chase remained seated at the base of his tree letting the morning sun warm his stiff muscles, hoping they would loosen up enough to carry him out of this land of the lost. Grimly he remembered telling Joe that he didn’t want to get lost out here. That seemed like years ago. He hoped Joe was busy rounding up an Indian relief team. 
Gradually Chase worked on loosening up his stiffened limbs. His stomach was still growling, only louder now, when breakfast suddenly appeared. A rabbit, or swamp hare, or whatever it was, came hopping over the sawgrass directly towards him. The creature had no fear of man and Chase froze until it was within reach. It simply sat in front of him with big soft eyes, looking for all the world like Thumper Rabbit. 
Chase lunged, caught it easily and wrung its neck in one quick motion. He felt guilty. There was no pride of the hunt trophy here but food was food. With no container to boil water, Chase was reluctant to drink the brackish water of the swamp and eventually found some rainwater that had collected and not yet drained or evaporated from a slight indention in the land. He started a small fire and waited impatiently for the rabbit to roast, salivating at the smell. Finally, he could wait no more and devoured his catch semi raw and semi burned. Thus refreshed, he felt much better and ready to start out again. 
The going was uneventful, aside from occasional sightings of deer, birds and gators, all far enough way not to elevate his heart rate. Chase started out with an easy and optimistic stride. The day was clear and sunny and the mosquitoes gave him a break, but the sun did not. As the day got hotter, Chase’s step became slower. The heat became brutal and he stopped to fashion himself a large boat-shaped hat from a palm frond. He replenished his mudpack but it kept dripping off as fast as he put it on. 
Around noon, the terrain started to change and Chase found himself on a little green island, another world within this strange world. Pushing through to the middle, Chase understood why. He stood next to a gator hole. There was morning glory and fern and glistening spider webs, bumblebees and dragonflies, even a cardinal singing. Nevertheless, Chase knew it for what it was a gator hole. Treachery dressed up. 
Chase retreated back to the unlovely marsh to rest up and have one of his precious cigarettes. He rinsed his arm again and confirmed his fear. It had become infected, whether from the brackish water, or whatever had cut him, it was now a throbbing angry looking mass of red swollen tissue. His face wasn’t much better. Despite the mudpacks, his eyes were tiny slits in the swollen lids. His entire face pretty much one mass of insect bites. It felt tight and swollen. He wondered why any woman would get a face-lift if this is what it felt like. 
There was still no sign of anything but swamp. Chase wouldn’t let himself think about that. He told himself he was still in pretty good shape, not bad for an old guy who hadn’t been on a survival course in a while. While he smoked he watched one of the small deer, which seemed plentiful in the area, crossing in front of him. The animal unerringly sprang from grass tuft to grass tuft, keeping its dainty feet clear of the marsh. 
Chase studied the area intently, watching for gators or any other potential dangers. About a hundred yards away the terrain changed again. From where he stood it looked like a solid mass of scrub palmetto. Chase had already had a run in with saw palmetto, each blade, because that’s what it was, it wasn’t a leaf, covered in tiny serrated little teeth, needle sharp, a formidable weapon. 
Wearily, he got to his feet and doing his best deer imitation, hopped unsteadily from grass tuft to grass tuft. His progress was slow. He did not want to miss and find out what was in that water. Despite his best efforts, he was running out of strength. The heat was dehydrating him faster than he could replenish it and the throbbing pain in his arm nagged at him, sapping his remaining energy supplies. Eventually, exhausted, he reached the other side. He figured he had crossed that hundred yards a dozen times with the circuitous route he had been forced to take. His legs ached and the heat was starting to make him dizzy. He searched around for some moss to check his direction and was pleased to find himself still on course. Nursing his right arm, he started into the palmetto. 
He didn’t know how long he’d been walking, trudging along, head down, but he knew he was staggering when he walked right into an immovable object. Squinting painfully through eyelids that were almost closed it took Chase a second or two to recognize a brown face topped by a mop of thick black hair. Chase grinned painfully, held up his swollen right arm and muttered “Howdy. Beautiful country you got here,” before collapsing at the feet of his benefactor.
 
 


Twenty-six
Myles wished he had moved to the lab a long time ago. He was free to work when he pleased, eat when he pleased, sleep when he pleased and do whatever else he damn well pleased. He hadn’t had so much fun since his undergraduate days when he worked with those nerds in New Mexico. They had studied lightning, but the fools were busy trying to control it. They had missed the real miracle. They hadn’t even figured out how to control it properly. Even now the idiots were using rockets in a hit and miss fashion. If a strike happened when the rocket was released, no lightning was triggered, let alone controlled. 
Myles had figured out how to do it years ago. He used infrared and ultraviolet lasers to trigger lightning by creating an electrically conductive channel of ionized air. He had done his theoretical calculations and numerical simulations down there in New Mexico in their special high voltage facility while they were still busy playing with the rockets and he had discovered how to set off lightning from clouds. 
After that, he had no use for the New Mexico site and had left to further his studies elsewhere. It had taken years. In fact, it wasn’t until he met Alicia that he had even come close.  With Alicia’s money the work progressed much faster, though Alicia thought he was dabbling in the market and had no idea he had bought this place in his own name. Score one for Myles. He had beaten the bitch there. She would be furious if she ever found out. It would ruin her fun for weeks. For the first time Myles had his own fully equipped facility that would allow him to bring his dream to fruition. Controlling lightning was child’s play now. Sometimes he even did it just for fun. It made him feel like an ancient wizard holding the cowering population in thrall. Sometimes he did it from frustration. When his work came so close, only to end in failure again, a good lightning storm provided release and recreated the excitement that drove him on to test again. 
Myles watched the scientific community closely. No one else had discovered his secret. No one else was working on it. Nevertheless, he worked feverishly, terrified that someone would get there first. Now he was close to completing a successful formula. He could smell it. His last two attempts had brought him much closer than ever before. 
Scowling, Myles realized it was time to feed the turtles. If it wasn’t for them, he would have no idea of the passage of time, but they must be taken care of. Everything should appear normal. Myles had told the staff at the Center that the park rangers were caring for the turtles while he was away so that no one would be tempted to visit. He grabbed the bucket and headed out the door. 
Behind him the lab was littered with fulgurites. They all looked like miniature bolts of lightning
 
. 


Twenty-seven
Chase woke up in a nice soft bed. He was clean and pain free. His arm had been dressed and the swelling on his face felt a little better. 
“About time. You sure do like to sleep man.” Joe sat across the room where he had evidently been working on his notebook. “Before you ask, you’ve been out about eighteen hours and you’re on the reservation. It took some persuading to get our womenfolk to administer to a white man but I convinced them you were half-Indian. I sent half the tribe out looking for you. They were impressed. We Seminoles can track anything but the betting was you’d be brought back dead or in pieces as left over gator meat.” 
Chase managed a grin. “Glad to disappoint them, but I love each and every one of them. I had reached the end of my rope. Any longer and they probably would have found me in pieces. Although I remember I don’t think whoever found me was too friendly. I had enough marbles left to wonder if I was going to be tossed back in as gator bait.” 
“Nah.” Joe shook his head. “You were only a half mile away. You would have made it. My good friend Willie hauled you in. He’s the best tracker we’ve got and the most anti-white. Willie’s into red power. He doesn’t like white men wandering around in his domain. You may be right. If I hadn't ordered the search party, things may have been different. I’ll introduce you later” 
“Thanks. Should I hold onto my hair?” Chase theatrically felt his head to see if his precious hair was still there but then he sobered. “Still and all, I would like to thank the man for what he did, even if he hates me.” 
Joe put a restraining hand against Chase’s chest as he started to get up. “Not yet man. You might feel good but you’re full of painkillers. You’re going to feel like hell in the morning and look worse.”  
“Great. I wonder if Shanna will love me ugly and crippled.” 
“Not a chance. Any halfway sane woman would run a mile. Of course she should have run in the first place. I must meet this one.” 
Chase would not be pushed. “C’mn man I feel good and we need to get going. Did you get a hold of that friend of yours in St. Augustine ?” 
“Yep. He’s expecting me sometime tomorrow.” Joe started picking up his workbooks. 
“Me?  Oh no you don’t. We’re going together on this deal.” Chase painfully swung his legs over the side of the bed. 
“Nope. You are in no shape to travel. I go alone this time.” 
“No chance man. Just give me a couple of hours to get it together and you drive. Okay? I’ll sleep on the way up.” 
At that moment one of Joe’s aunts came in bearing a bowl of the best smelling stew ever, accompanied by a huge piece of Indian fry bread. She chased Joe from the room and stationed herself in front of the bed arms folded on her ample bosom until Chase, like a dutiful child, had finished every mouthful. Full to bursting, Chase attempted to give adequate thanks and fell asleep in mid-sentence. 
Rousted by Joe a couple of hours later, Chase tottered to the truck, unwilling to admit that he was grateful to be resting while Joe drove, which he promptly did. 
Chase awoke about five hours later. It was dark and they had made good time. They were just entering St. Augustine and after some discussion decided on a motel near the fort since Joe’s friend owned a store in the old Spanish town. 
The next morning Chase felt much better. He was stiff and sore in every muscle but the inflammation in his arm now hardly bothered him and his face was now recognizable. They had a huge breakfast of eggs, ham, biscuits, OJ and coffee in a small café on the bay front and then wandered into the old Spanish section of town. 
Chase was busy taking in the sights so they had been walking for some time before he realized that he had passed one particular house before. He turned around as they passed, just to make sure. 
“Joe, old buddy, are you just concerned for my health that I get adequate exercise or are we lost?” 
Joe kept walking muttering darkly about smart-ass white men. 
Feeling good, Chase shrugged and hurried to catch up. The Spanish section was not big but every available building contained a store, restaurant, café or historical building. It was a rabbit warren of tourist lures. Chase found it charming. Shanna would love this. Each building was a quaint Spanish or English style home that had been lovingly renovated and most had second story porches overhanging the cobblestoned streets. No traffic was allowed, even the horse carriages were prohibited from some areas. This was strictly a pedestrian area. 
Occasionally, as they walked along, Chase saw wandering troupes of actors staging sword fights between the Spanish and the English. Each little store and café had a walled garden and at most of them someone was playing a guitar or singing like James Taylor. Most of the young girls who were waiting tables seemed to be wearing Indian cotton, gauzy long skirts so that Chase felt caught between two time warps, the eighteenth century and the 1970s. Chase wished they had time to visit the fort. He would make another trip when he could properly enjoy the place. 
They had been wandering for an hour or so and had covered most of the area. Indeed they were circling back toward the motel when Joe let out a war cry. “There it is, just up the street from the English pub.” 
“About time.” Chase had been on the verge of mutiny. “At least we can get a beer. That’s his place there? It looks like something left over from the sixties.” Chase wasn’t sure what he had expected, but certainly not this. A time warp within a time warp. The store, like most of the others was a small, renovated Spanish house with a white veranda. It was festooned with tie-dyed tee shirts, hanging plants, beads and beautiful little glass and copper rooting pots. Inside the place was crammed with candles, herbal products and hand blown glass. 
Joe and Chase made their way from room to room, eventually ending up at the rear of the house where they found the hippie himself, tending to one of his customers. This room contained everything anyone could ever want to start their own home winery, or brewery as the case may be. There was sawdust on the floor and stuff was hanging from the ceiling. There were glass tubes and coils and strange looking objects around. Some of them looked suspiciously like bhongs. There was even an old ginger cat asleep in a barrel. 
Kenny was in earnest conversation with an evident wine connoisseur. Kenny had a bald patch on top, long stringy ginger hair, a drooping mustache and a beard longer than his hair. He wore thong sandals, baggy pants and a Hawaiian shirt and was peering over round granny glasses at his customer. Out of the corner of his eye he spotted Joe, gave him a laid back “Hey man,” and went back to his conversation. Joe jerked his head at Chase, who followed him back to the front of the store and while they waited patiently Chase picked out a trinket to take back for Shanna. 
After Kenny had seen his customer to the door, he and Joe exchanged greetings while Kenny locked up and put up a “closed” sign. Chase introduced himself and Kenny then led his visitors upstairs and into an office area that was best described as total chaos. Chase listened patiently while the two friends exchanged news, strongly laced with technical jargon. From bits and pieces of the conversation Chase gathered that Kenny, while preferring the laid back lifestyle normally seen in Key West, was actually, a much respected lay-scientist with whom the serious professionals in the wide-ranging field of environmental issues conferred when faced with a problem that stumped them. 
Eventually, gossip updated and news exchanged, the three of them got down to business. Joe produced the objects he had saved from their campsite exploration and Kenny cleared a space on his desk, finally uncovering a microscope and magnifying glass, along with a lighter that had been missing for days. Chase and Joe waited impatiently while Kenny made his examination. 
Finally, Kenny sat back looking at Joe, nonplussed. “Fulgurites,” he said and launched into a lengthy explanation of the formation of same. Joe and Chase listened intently but heard nothing of interest until Kenny picked up the larger and darker one and said musingly, “this one is different. I’ve not seen one quite like it before. It seems to be made of a substance that I can’t quite determine, where did you get it?” 
Joe explained how he and Chase had come upon both types in the same spot and Kenny questioned them extensively then shook his head. “Impossible. What you are telling me can’t happen to my knowledge. You’re sure about this?” They assured him they were. 
Kenny looked thoughtful and stroked his beard in an absentminded manner. He peered up at Joe and Chase from behind his granny glasses, for all the world looking like an oversized gnome laboring over his workbench. “Tell you what, leave this one with me and I’ll do some further tests. You can call me in a few days. Meantime, on your way back I want you stop in here.” He wrote down an address and handed it to Joe. “That’s a scientific station in central Florida that studies lightning. They mostly get their funding from the utility companies. I’ll call them and tell them you’re coming. It’s on your way. Tell them what you told me. They may have some insight that I don’t. And next time man,” Kenny said waggling a finger at Joe, “make sure you make a visit of it. Carole will be pissed that she missed you.” He turned to Chase. “Nice to meet you, man. Come back again and bring your lady, hope she likes that bauble you bought her.” 
Chase shook hands. “Thanks. I will.”
 
 


Twenty-eight
Shanna had not heard from Chase and she was not pleased. She had been in trial for a couple of days. One of Dominick’s old breach of contract cases had finally been called up on short notice and they had been forced to scramble to be ready in time. Two days into trial the parties had reached a settlement and Shanna had time to take a breath and realized that she had not heard from Chase. It made her grouchy and Dominick was being a real pain in the ass. Shanna put it down to a full moon, although she didn’t check to see if there was one or not. 
Back in the office and trying to play catch up, she couldn’t get a break. She had spent a grueling day divided equally between settling office squabbles, dealing with irate clients, frantically changing Dominick’s calendar after a call from a judge altered a hearing date, racing to the courthouse to deliver some papers Dominick had forgotten and lining up witnesses for another upcoming trial. She still had to organize a cabinet-sized file and get the exhibits ready. 
It was six o’clock before she even thought about her promise to Chase and, as luck would have it, Dominick called in that he was stuck in traffic and had a date in the south end of town so he would not be coming back to the office. Perfect. The staff had gone for the day. Shanna locked the door, put the phones on service, kicked off her shoes, made herself a cup of tea and settled down in her office with the Hickman file. She couldn’t have asked for better timing. The only other person with a key to the office was Dominick, and if he should change his mind, she would hear him coming in plenty of time. The door had a set of bells on it that could be heard all the way in the back. Dominick had them put on after a client snuck up on him when he was working alone and didn’t want to be interrupted. 
The Hickman file was thick. It would take some time. Shanna wasn’t quite sure what she was looking for but she supposed she could at least get a bio out of it. Anyway she would take notes of whatever seemed of even slight interest. This was a divorce file after all, it would be comprehensive. Dominick liked to know all about his clients. Even so, Shanna was surprised to find a comprehensive narrative biography detailing Hickman’s life. That was unusual. 
Two hours later, a picture had emerged. Myles Hickman, while a brilliant environmental scientist, was despised by his peers. They thought his work sloppy and improperly researched. They despised him personally because he was arrogant, self-centered, pretentious and totally amoral. After a series of run-ins with his peers that embarrassed the scientific community, they had banished him to a small scientific station near Albuquerque where he spent some time studying lightning with a group of undergraduates. Although he liked to boast about ancestors that came off the Mayflower, Myles was, in fact, of Polish extraction, from a small and very poor family in the Midwest. His parents, recognizing their son’s intellect, had scrimped and sacrificed to ensure his education, doing without even the basics for themselves. Once away from them, Myles had never looked back. Not once. Not even when they both died. 
On the surface a handsome charmer, under the skin, Myles Hickman was insecure to the point of psychosis. He bore a grudge against the ‘haves’ and hated the ‘have nots’, stepping on them ruthlessly to get his way. Once his career was established, Myles discovered it wasn’t going to make him any richer. Not the dedicated scientist, he dropped out as soon as he persuaded the illustrious Alicia Ford to marry him. For a while he kept the illusion going by going on the lecture circuit, until Alicia found out he was screwing every co-ed he could find. 
They had a major blow out and from there on Alicia jerked Myle’s string. She arranged for the turtle center to keep him close to home and doled out enough of an allowance to make things look good and still keep Myles in line. As long as he attended the Palm Beach socialite functions whenever she wanted him there, paid dutiful attention and charmed the old hags of the old money set, then Alicia turned a blind eye. Indeed, she didn’t seem to care. Myles had misjudged his abilities badly, believing that Alicia was besotted with him and would cater to his every whim. In fact, she used him as little better than a toy boy. This only fanned his rage. The world was against him. Eventually, of course, she had caught him in a situation she couldn’t tolerate and had filed for divorce. According to the file, Alicia held all the cards. Myles had nothing and would get nothing. 
There was something odd here though. Shanna had not been aware that Hickman was a client. She had assumed that was because he was a new client and Dominick just hadn’t gotten around to logging the file in. That didn’t appear to be the case. The file was extensive. Dom had amassed an unusually extensive background check on both the Hickmans and all the papers had been prepared apparently by Dominick himself. Certainly Shanna had not done them and Pauline was not capable. Shanna logged onto Dom’s laptop to double check and sure enough. It was all there. 
After refilling her cup, Shanna returned to the file. Scanning the pleadings she found nothing further of interest and was about to call it a day when, as an afterthought, she started to read the voluminous telephone messages and handwritten notes pinned to the inside cover. In actual fact, this was often the part of the file where she found the most useful information. Notations and scribbles from everyone involved often turned up something that had been missed. 
Glancing at her watch, Shanna saw that it was getting late and she had found nothing further of interest. She was in the act of closing the file when it slipped from her hands and an envelope, which had evidently been slipped in between the pleadings, fell out. It was sealed and she could see nothing by holding it up to the light, but ever thorough, she patiently steamed it open. There was only one sheet of handwritten paper inside. It seemed to contain some type of scientific or mathematical formula. Nothing Shanna could make sense of. There was no name on it or any indication of its purpose. Certainly nothing you would find in a divorce file. It may even have nothing to do with Myles Hickman, but he was an ex scientist. Shanna decided it might be useful. She photocopied it, returned the original to its hiding place and closed up the office, anxious for a hot bath and a quiet evening.
 


 
Twenty-nine
Annie was in a savage mood. She sometimes wondered if God had put her here for the sole purpose of tormenting her. It had all started with her neighbor. Annie’s neighbor was an ex marine bull dyke with the very strange habit of keeping a large butcher knife in her purse. Every time she put the purse down, she would take the knife out. 
The neighbor kept a wolf in her back yard, which was always getting loose. It was a beautiful wolf, white and silver with a pink tongue, long lollopy legs and that loose, bent-foot walk of a predatory animal. At various times it had scared most of the neighborhood half to death. In reality the wolf was very friendly but right now she was in heat and she had turned Annie’s dachshund mutt, Squawker, into a frenzied mass of hysteria. Forced to keep him indoors, for the last two nights, Squawker had lived up to his name and between his frenzied bark and the wolf’s siren howl the whole neighborhood had stayed awake. 
That was just for starters. Yesterday morning as Annie left for the office, she walked out her front door and felt something fall on her chest. Thinking it a leaf, she brushed it off, looked down and discovered a pigmy rattler, which had been lying on top of her door. Generously, Annie just shrugged and left it alone. This morning damned if that stupid snake hadn't done the exact same thing. 
This time Annie automatically looked up as she went out the door and the thing had landed on her face. That did it. Furious, she grabbed a nearby shovel and beat it to death. Not satisfied with that, Annie scraped up the remains, walked out to the middle of the street and dropped them. Then she watched with satisfaction as the morning traffic proceeded to squish pygmy rattler into the road. That’d teach it to take advantage of her generosity. 
Annie just knew this was not going to be the end of it. The weatherman had forecasted heavy rain and sure enough, no sooner had she started out than it came pouring down. Not your normal rainstorm, but a flash flood. By the time Annie turned into the road leading to her office she was looking at a lake. This had happened several times before. The office itself was high and dry but the road was lower and had not been built with sufficient drainage. Sighing, Annie left her bike at a nearby garage and proceeded to slog her way through the water. 
She should have just turned around and gone home but Annie was not about to let this day get the best of her. Half way through, where it normally eased up, the water got deeper. Annie was now in up to her hips and madder than a wet hen. Stubbornly she kept going, feeling her way carefully in her high-heeled sandals which she had neglected to take off before starting in. 
Bits and pieces of foliage wafted by and just as Annie felt the water start to recede a little something else headed in her direction. Fire ants, thousands of them all in a mass, climbing all over each other in a rolling, floating ball and headed in her direction. This was too much. Annie gave up, kicked off her sandals and started wading at a run. She made it just in time. 
Soaked, sour and spluttering, Annie just about kicked in her office door and made a beeline for her favorite chair, shedding clothes as she went. She was already on the move and half naked when she noticed that her favorite chair was occupied. She skidded to a halt, totally ignoring her state of undress. “Who are you and what are you doing here?” She asked belligerently, not even really interested. The only thing that concerned her was that he was in her chair. 
The gentleman caller stood up politely. “Brian Cavenaugh, Ms., er, Dickson, I presume?  We had an appointment.” 
Shit. Annie had forgotten. She got the impression he would have doffed his hat if he had one. “Rose.” Annie bellowed. Get me a robe and bring some coffee.” She looked at the man inquiringly and at his nod added “for two.” 
“How did you get here? I had to swim.” Annie stalked towards her desk, aware that Brian Cavenaugh had neither blinked an eye at her nudity nor ignored it. 
“Well, I have a four wheel drive vehicle and once I saw the water outside I swung around the back way, parked as near as I could and hiked in from the back of the building.” 
Annie shrugged into the robe Rose brought her. “Well, and just what is it I can do for you Mr. Cavenaugh?” 
Brian walked over to where Annie sat at her desk and his glance flickered momentarily as it fell on the small metal shaped object with the initials DB, lying on her desktop. 
Annie had already placed the man’s accent as South African and instantly it clicked. De Brandt Minerals. That logo belonged to De Brandt Minerals. What in the world was a South African mining company’s equipment doing in a remote part of the south Florida wetlands? They could hardly be interested in diamond mining there? 
Rose brought the coffee and Annie took the opportunity to look him over. He was dressed in a business suit, horn rim glasses, hair neatly trimmed, his attitude meek and courteous but Annie wasn’t fooled. He wore that suit too well. She remembered the appointment was a preliminary consultation to discuss her doing some background checks on prospective employees of his company. 
Annie sipped her coffee while she listened to his pitch with half an ear. The story about him setting up a new company in the area was plausible but the coincidence was not. She thought he seemed a little less at ease since spying the De Brandt logo on her desk. Brian came to the end of his recital and Annie went into hers, quoting prices, results etc. Finished, she sat back, twirling a pencil in her fingers. “You have an unusual accent, Mr. Cavenaugh, South African?” 
“Yes.’ Brian replied easily. “From nowhere you’d recognize I’m afraid, way in the boondocks.” 
“So what brings you here to set up shop?” 
“Oh, the usual things, competition, taxes, lack of opportunity. Also I have some family here. Thought I’d try things on this side of the pond for a while.” 
“Well, good luck to you. I’ll have a proposal ready by the end of the week. Where can I get in touch with you?” 
“I’m staying at the Fairlane Hotel on Route 1 temporarily.” 
“Very good. I’ll be in touch.” 
Annie shook Brian’s outstretched hand, noting the strength of it and watched thoughtfully as Rose escorted him to the door. What in the world was going on here? 
“Rose.” Annie bellowed. Get me as much information as you can find on De Brandt Minerals and get that coffee cup dusted. I want to know who Mr. Brian Cavenaugh really is.”
 
 


Thirty
Too tired to cook, Shanna decided to pick up a salad from a local restaurant. The parking lot was empty at this time of night and her footsteps echoed in the underground cavern. It was badly lit and she made a mental note to talk to Dominick. Shanna had requested maintenance to fix the problem many times as she worked late quite often, but her pleas had been ignored. It always made her just a little bit nervous. This was not exactly a crime-free town after all, and Shanna was a paralegal, she saw, perhaps much more than the average person, just how many terrible things went on in this town. 
While Dominick mostly handled divorce, he dabbled in criminal law too. Shanna had been particularly horrified by the case of one indigent family, assigned to Dominick by the judge on a rotation basis, where a baby girl had been horribly mutilated by both her parents, burned with an iron, burned on the stove and further burned by being dumped in boiling water. Shanna had wondered how even Dominick could stomach trying to defend the parents. She was glad she was not an attorney. Try as she might, Shanna felt that some cases deserved no defense.  Just lock them up and throw away the key. 
Still musing, she suddenly realized that she had been dawdling in an empty, badly lit parking lot with no security on duty. Not a smart move girl and she didn’t even have her keys ready. She put her briefcase on the car roof and dug around in her purse for her keys. Now that she had taken notice of her surroundings she had this creepy feeling that she was being watched. 
While still appearing to be looking for her keys, she carefully scanned the lot. She took the extra step of putting her briefcase in the trunk just so she could check out the area behind her. The only thing there was a dark Ford Explorer, parked in the middle of the lot. It was black, with dark, tinted windows. Shanna didn’t like the look of that somehow. It looked brooding and out of place. She found herself imaging it suddenly coming to life and roaring down on her at full speed to smash her into the cement. She chided herself for being such a chicken, got safely in the car and headed back out into the world. 
The restaurant was busy, but the staff all knew her there and she had the guilty feeling that her order had been placed on top of the list judging by the speed with which her salad appeared and the baleful looks she received from other customers who had been waiting. Shanna had had enough of people for one day, she wanted to get home, so she was grateful. 
She was just turning into her street when she glanced in her rearview mirror and saw a black Ford Explorer behind her, also making the turn. She told herself she had one hell of an imagination, but nevertheless she kept driving and making turns until the Explorer was no longer behind her. Satisfied, she then pulled into her own drive. 
Finally home, she puttered around a little and then watched a little television while she had her dinner. Then she put on a soothing CD, poured some of her expensive bath oils in the tub and sighing with pleasure, relaxed in the steam, soaking the tiredness out, almost nodding off. 
There it was again. All at once she sat up straight, listening intently. Someone was at the back of the house near the sliding glass doors. She could hear noise through the bathroom window as if someone was trying the doors. 
She scrambled from the tub and threw on a robe without bothering to towel off. She turned off the bathroom light and let her eyes become adjusted to the dark. All other lights in the house were off except for her bedside lamp. She stood in the bathroom, listening intently, heart pounding, hoping her imagination was working overtime, but she could still hear it. There was a noise at the patio door that wasn’t consistent with shrubbery brushing against it. After a previous break-in some years ago Shanna had had deadbolts installed and motion sensor lights in front and back. 
Wondering what she could use as a weapon or whether she should just run, Shanna crept out of the bathroom. She felt her way around the living room, keeping low behind furniture and looked at the patio. She rarely closed the drapes because there was enough privacy that no one could see in. The sensor light had not come on, but there was a moon and, still as a mouse, Shanna could just discern that there was somebody indeed trying to break the lock on the back doors. 
Terrified, her first thought was to scream and she had to chide herself that that wouldn’t help matters at all. This was the nineties. Superwoman did exist. She wasn’t superwoman though and she had absolutely no idea how she would react to a physical confrontation with some stranger who had evil intent. While physically fit, she was small and had no training in martial arts or self-defense of any kind. She doubted whether she would have the brains to use it even if she had. Nor did she have a gun. She had always thought the likelihood was that she would either shoot herself or have it easily taken away from her. She was not sure if she could actually shoot anyone, even if her life depended on it, never having been in that position. Well, it looked like she was about to find out how she reacted to attack. 
Trying hard to keep her brain working, Shanna went for the phone. It was dead. So, not a harmless intruder. She needed to defend herself. Think. Stop shaking, think. She tried to remember all those movies she had watched where everyone was disgusted because the poor woman being terrorized always went the wrong way or did the wrong thing. She couldn’t take all night. Eventually this guy, whoever he was, was going to get in. She knew that from the cops she dealt with in the course of her work. They always said, if they want in, they are going to get in. Your best deterrent is a dog. Shanna wished Jake were here. She took a mental inventory of the room with new eyes. At least the lights were off. She knew the territory. She supposed the intruder did not. Could she make it to the front door? If she did would the sensor light come on? What then? Could she get anywhere before he came running around and caught her? She wished she had been in the kitchen. A rolling pin would have made a good weapon. Knives were messy. She preferred nonmessy. There didn’t seem to be anything useful here. 
Backing up, the door to the den was ajar and Shanna crawled in. The computer. She turned off the microphone before booting up. Quickly she closed the door. It had no lock, so if he got in she would be caught. Shanna used her computer for work and had the address of the sheriff’s office preassigned on her address list. The computer was on a separate line. Quickly she faxed a 911, hoping someone would take her seriously then shut down the machine. 
She didn’t hear any noise anymore. Readjusting to the dark. Shanna closed her eyes and stayed still for a few seconds. Then, she heard it again. He was around at the guest bedroom window. Now was her chance. She grabbed a heavy statuette from the bookshelf and slowly opened the den door. Breathing hard and biting her lip she scuttled to the front door. Even in her terror, she thought humorously that this must look totally ridiculous on replay. She eased the bolt off the door slowly, willing it not to make any noise. It didn’t. Cocking her head, Shanna thought she could hear movement in the spare bedroom. He must be in. 
Now or never. Taking a deep breath she eased open the front door, rising to a crouch so that she could get into a sprint. As the door opened she scuttled through. The sensor light stayed dark. Now, run for it, or ease down the driveway quietly? 
Shanna firmly squelched her urge to run and settled on stealth. She was barefoot and it was a cement drive. She should be able to make it unheard. At the bottom of the drive, she glanced around and could see nothing. Straightening up, she ran like the hounds of hell were after her. Instead of going straight, she ran round the corner to the neighbors behind her, an elderly couple whom she knew were always home. Their front door was sheltered from the street and  it was unlikely she would be seen. Nevertheless, she was at the limits of her control and pounding on the door, almost fell in when Bob opened it. 
Bob’s mouth fell as open as the door. Hair disheveled, barefoot, her robe gaping loose, Shanna thought ruefully that she must have been a sight to behold. She stopped trembling long enough to grab her robe close around her and fell back against the door, ensuring that it closed. “Call police” she stuttered through gasping breaths, “house invader.” 
By the time the deputies arrived, Shanna’s intruder was long gone. He had indeed got inside the house and finding no one there had ransacked the place. 
Still shaken and running on adrenaline, Shanna took a cursory look around but could find nothing missing. Her jewelry was still there as was her store of loose change. There was little else of value. The intruder obviously had not been after the VCR or television. The deputies told Shanna it was probably some kids looking for drug money. She had been lucky, they said. Home invasions were frequent of late and had often been violent, just for the fun of it. All in a day’s work for them, they wrote their report and were gone, not even bothering with crime scene technicians for fingerprints on the battered patio doors. 
Finally, alone again in the ruins of her house, Shanna now knew how violated some of Dominick’s clients felt. Some stranger pawing through her personal possessions, trashing the things she loved. Too tired and shaken to do anything about it, she simply plopped down in the middle of the mess and poured herself a large brandy. 
The Davisons had offered her their guest bedroom but Shanna had declined, feeling that she must spend the night in her own home or the invader would have won. Rather like getting back on a horse after a fall. She knew, however, that she would not sleep. Bob Davison had boarded up the spare room window for her and they had both toured the rest of the house ensuring everything was secure. 
Evidently she must have finally dozed off because she bolted upright as the phone rang into her consciousness. She was still clutching the statuette. Disoriented for a second, she let it ring, then picked it up gingerly, attempting to master a normal sounding hello. It didn’t fool Chase for a second. 
“Shanna, what’s wrong, are you all right?’ Chase’s deep warm voice, full of concern came through the phone line like warm chocolate on a cold night. Shanna melted. The last thing she needed when she was trying to keep tight control was sympathy and concern. She tried hard to keep it from showing, not wanting Chase to think her a stupid cowardly female but she would have given a year’s salary to have him there by her side. 
Haltingly she started her story answering all of Chase’s clipped demands with unusual meekness. Finally, convinced she was okay Chase finished the third degree. He insisted that she retrieve Jake from the sitter and spend the night at his place. Shanna would not be moved. She was as stubborn as her fiery mane of hair indicated. She did relent enough to agree to picking up Jake. She would be able to sleep if she had Jake with her. 
Although it was late, the dogsitters were apparently used to being called at all hours and didn’t seem to mind. Chase had given her orders to be at the bike club the following evening after work. ‘Pack a bag. Don’t go home. I will meet you there around eight o’clock.” Chase was concerned that this was not a random incident but somehow connected with whatever was going on. 
It was not until after she had collected Jake and was dozing off with Jake sitting guard on her bed, that Shanna remembered she had not told Chase what she had found. Oh well, they could catch up tomorrow. She called Dominick. As usual he was out, probably in someone else’s bed, so she left a message that her house had been invaded and she would not be in tomorrow. She would be staying elsewhere and would call him. 
Let Pauline handle things for a change. Dominick could call in his second string paralegal who he used for vacations and emergencies such as this. She was good but only for short stretches. 
Shanna and Jake slept late. They shared breakfast and then Shanna spent most of the day putting the house back in order while Jake snoozed in the recliner. Bob and Nancy stopped by to make sure she was all right. Jake pranced around making the appropriate macho dog noises but gave up the act as soon as he spotted a dog biscuit Bob just happened to have in his pocket. Assured the newcomers were friendly he went back to the recliner to complete his snooze. This watchdog stuff was hard work. 
Bob said he had been up around five and walked round the place several times checking it out. They really were dears. Shanna thanked them over a cup of coffee. Satisfied she was in one piece, they went back to their own home after promising to watch the place while Shanna was away.
 



Thirty-one
Chase was worried. He had only just met Shanna. He didn’t want her involved in this mess. He should never have asked her to snoop for him. Joe was pragmatic saying that Chase didn’t know that she had snooped yet. It could have been a random, coincidental event. Nevertheless, he shared Chase’s concern. They agreed that Shanna appeared to be handling things okay and that they should stop at the lightning station as Kenny had suggested. 
The field lab was located near Starke, a small town in north Florida which was not really on the way home, but almost directly west of St. Augustine. Kenny had told them the lab was run by researchers from the local university to test how various materials and structures were damaged by lightning. Most of the funding came from utility companies which lost millions each year in damaged equipment and lost revenues due to storms and there was serious concern about malfunctions at the local power plant should it receive a hit. 
Chase called the lab from a nearby restaurant and was lucky to find one of the researchers that Kenny knew, Ed Grant, on duty.  Ed said he would be happy to help and gave Chase directions. Twenty minutes later Chase and Joe pulled up outside the gates and were met by Ed who waved them through. 
At first glance there didn’t seem to be much there, just a mobile home that seemed to have been hoisted onto stilts, an empty field with some scorched patches and various concrete tubes sticking up all over the field. Ed led them into the mobile home and there the picture changed. It was crammed with all kinds of electronic instrumentation that ran the length of the trailer and practically from floor to ceiling. Ed explained that he and his coworkers were affectionately known by the locals as the Lightning Hunters because they purposely tried to attract storms for study and it didn’t make them very popular. 
Joe had been prowling around checking everything out with a scientist’s eye and looking out the window had spied what appeared to be some rockets peeking out from the top of the concrete tubes. “Are those what they seem to be?” 
Ed smiled and nodded. “Yes, you’re exactly right. Lightning seeks the path of least resistance to the ground so we use rockets connected to the ground with wire for bait. You see these?” Ed pointed to a row of rubber tubes below the window. “When we’re ready to fire we blow in one of those. That trips propellant to the rocket from a safe place.” 
Chase thought these guys must be crazy. “It must be like the Fourth of July around here all the time.” 
Ed smiled again and went into his guide tour spiel. “A lightning display is one of the most awesome phenomena in nature, but we still don’t understand exactly how it comes about. It is responsible for about half the power failures and each year it kills several hundred people.  You’re local guys. You remember last year those terrible wildfires that closed I95 around Orlando and forced a lot of people from their homes?” 
Both Chase and Joe nodded. 
“Well, that wasn’t a kid with cigarette. Those fires were caused by lightning strikes. It hits about twenty million times a year and every commercial airliner gets hit once or twice a year. The National Lightning Detection Network records every bolt.” 
Ed shrugged. “Of course, we’re only in the early stages here. It’s still kind of a hit and miss affair. Electric fields have to build up to 15-17 kd per bolt and then, if lightning hits at the same time as we set off a rocket, the rocket goes up without triggering a strike. The problem is that air is a natural insulator. How do you make an electrical field big enough to make air breakdown so that lightning can occur?” 
Ed turned from the monitor he had been studying during his discourse. “Well, that’s the grand tour gentlemen, now how can I help you?” 
Chase and Joe had agreed earlier to say as little as possible about Sophie’s death and had concocted a cover story about trespassers on the reservation and finding some strange equipment along with the trash they left behind. Chase pulled out his smokes, glancing at Ed for permission. “This one is yours, Joe. You and Ed obviously speak the same language.” 
Joe recounted their little fairy tale, embellishing it here and there and stressing that the tribal elders did not look kindly on trespassers, especially untidy ones. He indicated that the tribe was concerned that whoever had been on their lands was not conducting any illegal experiment or something of a harmful nature to the environment. 
Ed listened attentively and then scratched his head, nonplussed. “From what you’ve told me it sure sounds like a storm catchers’ test, but as far as I know, we’re the only ones in the State of Florida with that kind of equipment and it’s a pretty small community. Anyone coming from another state, we would have heard about it and probably been there with them. Look around you. This equipment is expensive and specialized. There aren’t too many people that would be playing with this just for fun. In fact, I’ve never heard of anyone testing outside of a lab facility. It’s a highly dangerous procedure and the liability factor would give any Board of Directors nightmares for years.” 
Joe had been looking closely at the instrumentation and looked meaningfully at Chase, nodding slightly to indicate that some of this stuff was the same as the equipment Sophie had seen on the day she was attacked. 
Ed’s voice was a little less cordial this time and it had an agitated pitch. “Now look here. As I told you, none of my people were on Indian lands and we certainly can't accept responsibility for every crackpot out there. This organization will accept absolutely no responsibility for any damage that you may be claiming, under any circumstances.” 
“No, no.” Joe hastily, calmed him. “Such an idea never entered my head, or that of the tribal elders either. We’re simply looking for information at this point and grateful for any assistance you can give us.” 
Chase straightened up from the countertop where he had been leaning before the scientist could wind up again. “Thanks Ed. You helped out a lot. We’ll be on our way now, don’t want to take up too much of your time.” Taking their leave, the men all shook hands, slapped backs and promised to meet for dinner next time in town. 
Ed was reluctant to let them go, questioning them closely about what they had seen and insisting that Joe and Chase keep him posted as to any information they received. It was obvious that they would have trouble shaking Ed off the scent. Something would have to be done to divert Ed’s interest. The last thing they needed was government interference. 
As Joe and Chase were climbing into the truck, Ed turned back to them for a moment. “One thing is strange, Joe. The number of fulgurites you mentioned is unprecedented.  You couldn’t be mistaken?” 
“No.” Joe said. “They were everywhere. Why do you say unprecedented?” 
“Because it would have to have been one mother of a storm to form that number and you say there was no big storm at that time?” 
“No. Just the regular run-of-the-mill afternoon boomers.” 
“Well.” Ed slapped the truck in farewell. “Please let me know if you find out anything. My scientific antennas are waving like crazy. In fact, I’d like permission to come down and take a look.” 
Joe started the truck hastily. “The tribe is not feeling very hospitable right now, but I’ll certainly ask the elders for you. We’ll be in touch.” 
“Thanks. Appreciate it.” Ed waved and turned back to go play with his rockets. 
Chase settled back in the cab. “So. We know someone was down there fooling around with lightning. We know it wasn’t someone local or someone official and we know that they did something that couldn’t be done. So what do we know?” 
Joe kept driving. “Damned if I know, but we’re getting closer.”
 
 


Thirty-two
Shanna arrived at the bike club early. She was not sure of the way and had left in good time to be sure it was still light if she got lost. There were only a couple of members there but Chase had called ahead and she was greeted by two huge bikers who sat her at the bar, made sure she was comfortable and generally kept her amused while she waited. Jake, of course got his usual beer before settling down for a snooze. 
Chase had hosted many parties in his wilder days that naturally expanded as word got around, to include a lot of people Chase didn’t know. At one of these, when Jake was just a puppy and unbeknownst to Chase, most of these people had been feeding Jake beer. The poor animal had staggered around, absolutely refusing to go down until the last person had left. He had then collapsed like a deflated balloon. The next morning he had seemed none the worse for wear but subsequently had developed a taste for beer and would go around knocking over cans wherever he found them. 
Chase had thereafter kept an alert eye out so that his best buddy did not receive any more undogg- like libations. However, he could not stop the guys at the club and had at last conceded to one beer per visit. He usually poured it out after Jake had a few licks, much to Jake’s disgust. This time, however, Jake got the whole beer and settled down with a satisfied sigh. 
Shanna was digging into the potato chips offered her when excited yelps and much tail wagging from Jake signified the arrival of his master and sure enough, Chase loped in wearily, almost staggering under Jake’s loving onslaught. Shanna looked him up and down with startled concern and then her face crumpled and she started laughing, much to the bikers’ delight, who promptly joined in and started hurling jeers at Chase. 
Chase did not take kindly to being laughed at. “What’s so funny?” He growled. 
Between giggles, Shanna gasped “Aren’t we a pair? Have you looked in a mirror lately?” What in the world have you been doing?” 
“Oh” Chase looked sheepish. He and Joe had been in such a hurry they had not paid much attention to the basics and he realized that his face was still swollen and scratched. His beard was unkempt and god knew what his hair looked like. He must be a sight all right, and of course he and Shanna had not had time to talk so she had no idea what had transpired. 
Unable to resist a chance to needle Chase, the bikers got in on the act and kept up a lively flow of insults until Chase good ¬naturedly gave in and bought them a beer. He and Shanna moved over to a corner table where they could talk. 
After hearing what had happened and inspecting his arm, Shanna was chastened that she had laughed but as serious as the situation had been she couldn’t help an occasional smile from escaping as she watched his poor face. He really did look a mess. 
Then it was Chase’s turn to be concerned. He insisted on hearing the entire story of the break-in at Shanna’s place down to the minutest detail. 
When Shanna finished her story Chase related what happened at the science station. 
“So where’s Joe?” Shanna finally asked. “I was looking forward to meeting him.” 
“He had to go back to the reservation. The tribe is having an important festival of some kind, The Green Corn Dance, I think he said. It’s a damned nuisance.” Chase scowled. He had no patience for anything that would interfere with his hunt for Sophie’s killer but he understood the importance of family and ceremony. “Afraid you’ll have to wait a while, but he did say that when the ceremony was over he’d send some of the tribal members to scour the area and look for unauthorized campsites or strangers wandering about. He’ll be in touch as soon as he can.” 
Finally, talked out, Shanna remembered her find and fishing in her purse produced the formula she had found in Myles Hickman’s file. 
Chase studied it carefully. “I wish Joe was here. He would probably understand this. To me it’s mostly gibberish and a multitude of mathematical equations.” He studied it more closely, “but see here and here?” Chase moved so that Shanna could see what he was pointing at. “This says something about lightning and graphite. Goddammit. Chase sat back with a sigh of frustration. “Why did there have to be an Indian ceremony now?” 
He looked at Shanna. They both looked like wrecks and were both exhausted but it seemed that Chase must make another trip back to St. Augustine. “You up for a trip? Kenny’s the only person I know who can translate whatever this thing is. I don’t want you to go home anyway, just in case the break-in at your place was in some way connected to this whole mess.” 
“Sure.” Shanna agreed. “I’m always up for a trip out of town.” 
“Good, but first we need a good meal and some sleep. C’mn lets go. You leave your car here. The boys will look after it.” 
Too tired to antagonize each other, everyone was quiet on the ride back to town but Chase had no sooner pulled into the driveway than Jake started acting like a terrier. He bolted up the path and scratched madly at the front door, barking frenziedly. 
“Stay here.” Chase told Shanna curtly. He pulled out his.38 and warily opened the house. The patio doors were open and Jake streaked out toward the back fence faster than a black and tan Superdog. 
Chase saw the silhouette of the intruder as he hopped the back fence and crashed off into the undergrowth. There was no sense in trying to pursue whoever it was through that. Jake was making enough noise to wake every possum, snake and raccoon in the woods. The fugitive would not have fun in there and probably thought a dog the size of a horse was after him. Jake had a very loud voice and very big teeth. In fact visitors who were not doggy oriented had been moved to mention that he had a mouth like an alligator. 
Chase felt slightly foolish walking around doing a SWAT team act with his gun but he did not intend to be caught by surprise. Jake trotted back to help with a satisfied swagger and the two of them determined that they were now alone, with a lot of cleanup to do. The place had been trashed. Drawers pulled open and spilled, cushions slit, closets emptied. 
Chase decided against calling the police. He did not want them involved in whatever was happening. Shanna started cleaning up the kitchen, muttering darkly about her views on domestic chores, but was too tired to give it much energy. She gave up and raided the fridge putting together a meal for them as Chase cleaned up the rest of the house. The burglar had done a pretty thorough job but had been interrupted before he messed up the den too badly. 
Chase had pretty much finished and was lying on his back under the desk in the den, trying to figure out why the drawer wouldn’t shut properly when out of the corner of his eye he saw some yellow pad paper stuck down between the wall and the desk. He grabbed it, finished fixing the desk and walked into the kitchen to trash the paper, figuring it was just old notes of his that had fallen down the back. 
He had actually crumpled them and dropped them into the trash before some words registered on his brain. Hastily retrieving the papers just before Shanna threw in her potato scrapings, Chase smoothed out the papers and started reading. Glancing over his shoulder Shanna said, “Looks like you were doing some Internet research, but industrial diamonds?” 
Chase snorted. “I’m computer challenged. Sophie was the only one who could play with that thing.” They looked at each other and started reading. Sure enough, it was some kind of research paper on industrial diamonds and another one on graphite. Both contained shorthand notations in Sophie’s handwriting. Neither of them made any sense. Finally they put them aside, finished cleaning up and had dinner. Jake got an extra helping as his reward. 
At last, fed and relaxed a little they made their plans. “We’ll head out for St. Augustine first thing in the morning. That way we can be up there before noon.” Chase decided. Now they had several items to discuss with Kenny and the puzzle was starting to form a pattern. 
“I think whoever was stalking you did so because of our relationship. Chase mused.  “Perhaps it was the same person who trashed this place, but who was it and what did they want? What was Sophie doing studying up on industrial diamonds and graphite and what is the connection with lightning? What was Myles Hickman doing with lightning? We’re running blind but evidently somebody wants to stop us or wants something they think we have, so we must be getting close.” 
Chase called Annie to see if she had come up with anything but Annie had been called out of town on another case and was not expected back for a couple of days. Rose told him that Annie had not come up with anything of importance but that Chase should keep in touch. 
Tired to the bone, Chase excused himself to take a shower. When he came out Shanna poured them both a glass of wine. She had found some antibiotic ointment and started administering to the cuts and bites that still covered Chase in angry blotches. Jake looked on with interest. 
Shanna’s touch on his back, light and caressing in gentle circular motions, gradually drove everything else from Chase’s mind. Her hands moved over him lightly eliciting shivers of delight from his nerve ends. He closed his eyes and the world turned warm and sensual. He didn’t feel. He was. His body flexed and twitched beneath her touch. 
When she moved in close to tend to his face, that was too much. The silk of her hair brushed his face, each strand softly tantalizing and he turned into it seeking more. Her wonderful scent enveloped his senses and the smooth velvet of her warm skin turned his to fire. Gently, Chase took the cloth and medication and set them down out of harm’s way. Turning back he found her waiting. Her huge eyes had darkened to smoke and arousal had tensed her incredible body. She smiled and he was lost.
 
 


Thirty-three
The next morning Chase was up early. He had sat for some time and watched Shanna as she slept, the tangled mass of sheets kicked aside. She had been curled against him but turned on her stomach as he got up. Her fiery hair was flung outwards and almost as tangled as the sheets. Their passion had lasted long into the night. 
Smiling foolishly, Chase decided there was nothing better in the world than waking up to find a beautiful woman in his bed. He had been alone so long he had almost forgotten how it could be. He did not dwell on whether she would stay. They would take it day by day. As they discovered each other who knew what they would find. 
Shaking off his philosophical mood Chase took Jake for a walk around the neighborhood and noted the black Ford Explorer parked at the end of the block. No cars parked in this street ever. It was that kind of street. The only time a vehicle was on the street was in the event of a large party or family gathering by one of the neighbors. There was plenty of off-street parking available for the residents’ vehicles. 
Chase’s mood darkened. He swore at himself, getting thoroughly pissed off. One scent of a woman and he had spun totally out of control, forgetting everything. They could have been murdered in their sleep and he wouldn’t have been able to do a thing. Some moron you are, he thought bitterly. You didn’t even lock the door last night. Christ almighty. That kind of mistake would have got you dead in a hurry in the past. What the hell is the matter with you? Chase spun on his heel and strode back to the house with Jake at his heels. 
The smell of coffee finally rousted Shanna sometime later. She felt wonderful, and smiling dreamily she wandered languidly out and found Chase in the kitchen making breakfast. He was dressed in leathers. About to go over to give him a hug, Shanna found herself clutching an extra jacket and helmet which Chase tossed at her as she entered the room. He made no mention of the previous night but was all business. 
Shanna stiffened. So. That was the way it was. She had played the fool again. She put aside the jacket and sat down silently to eat, inwardly fuming at herself and him. The bastard. How dare he treat her this way. Shanna was so busy stewing that she didn’t hear much of what Chase was saying until he mentioned the Ford explorer. 
“I don’t know if it is the same one you saw but I’m not much of a believer in coincidences, we’re going to blast out of here on the bike. They’ll have trouble following us in that thing. I hope you’re up to it.” Chase got up. “Be ready in about five minutes.” 
Shanna was not sure she was up to it though damned if she would admit it. The ride she had taken on Tank’s bike had been her first and had left her with a sore behind and stiff legs. She supposed it was probably because she was a little bit scared of it and tensed up. Perhaps it would get easier. She debated refusing to go but the damage had been done now and what the hell, she could always tell him to piss off later. It had been a long time since she’d had an adventure, even with an arrogant, conceited prick. She’d show him. This girl was no quitter. “Sure” she said briskly, no problem but what about Jake?” 
Jake had been following this conversation. He knew what leathers meant and now he put his head on Shanna’s lap, gazing up at her with his most appealing soulful look, ears down, eyes huge, all to no avail. Chase was inured to it. “I’ll call the sitter to come get him. They’re used to my crazy trips and I pay them well for it. Besides they adore the lout. We’ll have to stop and get you some boots on the way. I don’t want you riding far without proper protection.” 
This did not make Shanna feel any better. Chase’s bike was built for speed. It was not a tourer and did not have a nice comfortable passenger seat and backrest. Still, she had never been to St. Augustine. 
Chase evidently did not notice Shanna’s trepidation. He was already planning. “We should be able to shake any tail without any problem but just to make sure we’ll detour through Daytona. It’s bike week this week and we will easily be able to spot anyone after us from there.” 
Bike week. Shanna’s alarm level went up another notch. She had heard about bike week. Who hadn’t? Drugs, sex and rock n’roll had nothing on bike week. She started cleaning up the breakfast dishes while Chase made his preparations, so distracted she forgot to give the tidbits to Jake who stalked off in disgust to watch his master. This was not going to be his day. 
Chase’s extra jacket fit Shanna reasonably well, causing her to wonder jealously who the previous wearer had been. She thought she looked cute in it. She’d never look like a biker chick but in one of his Harley tee shirts, a leather jacket and tight jeans she could stop traffic anywhere with the best of them. Chase handed her an extra pair of wraparound sunglasses telling her that they would be better than hers for keeping flying objects out of her eyes, including hair and wind. 
She watched as Chase packed some tools in his saddlebags, reluctantly deciding to leave the gun at home. He saw her looking and paused long enough to say, “the cops like to stop bikers and I don’t need to give them an excuse to take me off the road. We will probably be doing a lot of speeding and might collect a ticket or two.” 
Shanna absorbed this in silent trepidation. 
Finally they were ready. They started off slowly. Shanna held tightly onto Chase’s waist, but as they moved into traffic she relaxed a little and started to enjoy herself. She tried to be a good passenger, not moving around at all so that Chase would hardly notice she was there. Chase had told Shanna that he was going to start slowly so that he could check who was behind them and sure enough, there it was, a black Ford explorer. Chase had left the tag number with Annie’s office. He wasn’t hopeful it would give them any information but you never knew
 
. 


Thirty-four
They took a leisurely run up US 1 to Stuart where they stopped at the Harley shop for Shanna to get some boots. Mercifully, she was not one of those women who took forever to shop. She immediately saw the pair she wanted and Chase approved her choice as practical. She picked up a couple more tee shirts and wandered around a little, fascinated at some of the leatherwork on display. 
Chase topped up the bike and chatted with the owner while they waited. The two of them were outside looking at the other bikes, seemingly engrossed, but Chase was watching the road and nearby parking lots. He didn’t spot the Explorer but he knew it was there. 
“Do you see it?” Shanna had walked up behind him and caught him looking. 
Chase shook his head. Turning he looked her up and down. “Ready? From Stuart the ride is going to get tougher on you. I don’t normally like to ride I95 without a riding buddy, it’s dangerous even in a car, but we don’t have much choice. I need to make up some time and it will be easier to spot the tail. If you need a break just tap on my shoulder, okay?” 
Shanna nodded uncertainly and began putting on her helmet. 
Chase was well aware of the looks Shanna was getting from the other guys in the bike shop. He hoped they wouldn’t run into trouble in Daytona. He didn’t need to fight a dozen bikers for his lady. Shanna was pretty cool though. She might be intimidated but she didn’t show it and she seemed to have a knack for acting appropriately in any given situation. She was something else all right. 
A short time later they were on I95 and Shanna was holding on for dear life. The traffic was sparser north of Stuart and Chase was doing about a hundred miles an hour. He momentarily forgot Shanna in the joy of being back on the road with the wind in his face but he knew that passengers had a harder time. 
Harley made most of their bikes these days with the passenger seat slightly higher so that the person on the back, unless they were incredibly short, was riding higher than the driver and was not sheltered by his body. 
Chase knew that Shanna was taking a buffeting from the wind and was probably terrified by his speed but she was a trouper. She barely moved and gave no indication of being in any kind of distress. When he stopped sometime later at a rest stop Shanna climbed down stiffly. Chase could tell that she had gripped the sides of the bike with her thigh and calf muscles. It was an automatic reaction of new riders. 
When she took off her helmet, her hair was a plastered down sticky mess and her eyes were streaming. Her nose was reddened with the wind. She was a sorry sight and she was still beautiful. Although there were a few people in the rest area, Chase was loath to stop there long. Many people had been attacked in such places. He was worried that Shanna would not be able to make it. It was a long ride for a novice. He gave her no inkling of this, saying curtly. “We’ve a long way to go. If you’ve gotta pee, better hurry.” 
As if sensing his thoughts she looked up at him from the careful knee bends she had been doing with a rueful grin. “I’m not sure what hurts most, my butt or my legs. Do I get beyond the point of pain and go on to numbness?” Although half joking, Shanna was evidently hoping that this was indeed the case. Chase could guess she was worried that if her pain turned to muscle cramps she would have a seriously bad time. 
Chase knew where she was coming from and something more. In other days he had ridden many a lady on the back of his bike. It was an old joke among bikers that if there was a reluctant chick you particularly wanted, you took them for a ride on an older bike. The vibrations just about drove them crazy. Chase had also been mean enough to deliberately ride some of them like he was now riding Shanna. 
Like horse riding, bike riding could cripple you if you weren’t used to it. Shanna, of course, being the lady that she was, had so far made no mention of the other sensation the bike was inducing in her but Chase thought that her eyes looked slightly crossed and she certainly looked incredibly sexy, rumpled as she was. 
Chase had not prepared Shanna for a couple of other things either. Being Bike Week, there would not be a hotel room to be found in all of Daytona. That meant they would have to rough it at a campsite without a tent or they would have to find some friends and bunk in their room. So far, the weather had been okay, although the sky was overcast, but it always rained on Bike Week, it was only a matter of time. They might be facing a night on the ground in the rain unless they stayed up all night. 
Sure enough, they had been back on the road for about another hour when the rain started. Visibility went down to almost nothing and they were soaked to their skins in seconds. Chase was forced to slow down but he stubbornly would not stop. He had spent many years riding in this type of weather and Shanna would just have to deal with it. She did. No protest came from the back of the bike but Chase knew she was aware of just how dangerous this situation was. Finally, as they were pulling into the outskirts of Daytona the rain stopped.
 
 


Thirty-five
Joe put the finishing touches to his temporary chickee. There were regular homes and trailers on the site but for this occasion, traditional chickees with cypress log frames and palmetto thatch roofs were generally favored by the men. 
The Green Corn Dance was the Seminole tribe’s most important festival. It was held each year, in the Spring, in a wooded area in Osceola County that covered over two thousand acres.  The site was secluded and any hapless wanderer who chanced upon the location was warned away with an escort to ensure that they left. All the clans attended the Green Corn Dance and each year a different clan acted as host and became a welcoming committee to the tribal members who traveled from other villages. 
Today the men and older boys would fast to purify themselves. Tomorrow, after greeting his fellow clan members and renewing old acquaintances, Joe would gather with the other men and they would sit and drink the black drink, cassina, to continue the purification process while they held discussions. 
While the men purified themselves, the women held a little ceremony, ritualistically putting out the fires in their homes to symbolize the casting out of the old. Then they and the children would visit with the other clans, clean their homes and prepare the feast, which would be made with the new crops after the kindling of the new fire. 
The men would be hungry after their fast so the women were busy preparing fry bread, corn, swamp cabbage, turtle, deer, wild boar and their traditional corn drink, sofkee. They bustled to and fro, carrying supplies in their colorful sweetgrass baskets. As a rule, Seminoles did not subscribe to the white man’s three-meal-¬a-day diet. They ate when they were hungry and there was always a pot of hot soup or sofkee on the fire all day for this purpose. Feast days were different. There would be no pizza and hot dogs here. 
Joe had earned a special honor this year. He was to be a bundle carrier but he was troubled. He could not put this business of Sophie out of his mind, though he had started his fast earlier than usual. For the next few days he could do nothing. He was now all Indian and must concentrate on being so. The fasting and meditation would not only purify his soul but clear his mind. Perhaps, if he concentrated hard enough, a vision would come. 
Joe stayed aloof from the others and watched as the youngsters drove off in their swamp buggies to go mudding, then he took some of the black drink and entered his chickee. He would fast alone until tomorrow. When the shaman tribal elders met to elect officers, then and only then would he leave his chickee.
 
 


Thirty-six
Shanna knew she didn’t have that special gene that speed freaks had and thus would never be completely comfortable racing against death. Nevertheless she had been exhilarated flashing by everything else on the road at breakneck speed on their iron horse, her life in Chase’s hands. For a little while she had forgotten herself and her fears and felt the freedom of riding in the wind. This one joyous act defined the biking community and molded them, each in a different way. 
Shanna trusted Chase implicitly, which she told herself wryly, was not smart. She ought to know better given her age and what she did for a living. Chase did something strange and evidently violent in foreign countries for a living that he didn’t want to talk about. Chase had been practically born on a bike. He was therefore, by definition a dangerous animal and outside of her scope of experience. Just because he was a man who could walk in all societies and appear to be civilized didn’t make him so. She was now on her way to Bike Week with a man she hardly knew. She must be out of her mind. She had never done such a stupid thing before, but she was having a great time, sore muscles and all. 
By the time they pulled into Daytona, Shanna thought she could not stand another minute on the devilish contraption between her legs. She was so intent on enduring the pain in her cramped muscles that they had gone several blocks before she noticed her surroundings. Shanna had never been to Daytona before so she didn’t know what it looked like but they had been riding down a main thoroughfare next to the beach and now pulled onto Main Street. Shanna’s mouth dropped open. Never in her life had she seen anything like this. The street was a solid mass of motorcycles, leather, denim and chrome. Bikes lined the street four deep. The humanity that massed on the sidewalks consisted entirely of bikers. Tattooed bikers, long-haired bikers, bald bikers, Santa Claus bikers, old, young crippled, strong, poor, rich, blue collar, professional, all bikers. 
Many of the women rode their own bikes. They were beautiful machines of every color. Shanna saw one girl on a pink Harley with matching pink leathers. Another rode a turquoise bike. Another, very Indian-looking girl was riding a Harley painted in Native American designs. She was wearing face paint and her leathers matched her bike. Later, when they stopped, they met a beautiful tall willowy girl who had been a Vietnam nurse and had built her bike herself, dedicating it with a brass plaque to her dead husband. 
Chase found a parking space and they staggered into Boot Hill Saloon, at least Shanna did. She followed close behind Chase, almost but not quite tugging on his belt. There were wall to wall bodies all in black and leather. They all seemed about seven feet tall. Looking up she saw the ceiling was covered in dollar bills interspersed with every conceivable size and style of bra. None of them looked too clean. Everywhere she looked girls were taking off their shirts to expose their breasts, urged on by some lusty admirer. They strutted around to raucous encouragement from the cheering section. 
Shanna clutched her jacket close and shrank into the farthest corner of the bar where Chase had miraculously found a table. She almost panicked when he left to get a couple of beers. Looking around she noticed that none of the men were getting their own drinks. The women were getting them for their men. Oh god. Chase would expect her to get the next drink and she would have to, for appearance’s sake. 
Hurting, exhausted, totally intimidated for once in her life, Shanna’s chin went up and her spine straightened. Careful girl, she told herself. You’re biases are showing. Coeds from the best families take their clothes off at Spring Break. This is just another party hyped up with drink and drugs. No force on earth was going to make her take off her shirt in this crowd, but other than that, she could handle it. She was here now and she would trust her man to get her through. If he didn’t she would deal with that too. 
Shanna had noted that although there were no tourists or residents present in the area, there were police. They were quietly minding their own business, being polite and friendly but they were all around ready for trouble. She hoped Chase didn’t revert totally to what he called his biker attitude. He had told Shanna that he was getting older and mellower now, but occasionally the biker did get out. Usually it was when he was out with the boys. 
Perversely, Shanna realized that one of the things that attracted her to Chase was his somewhat chauvinistic and sexist attitude. Tired of the wimpy yuppies she encountered who didn’t seem to have a preference for sexual gender, she found Chase’s macho attitude refreshing. It was nice to know that you were with a man, and despite growing up with women’s’ lib, Shanna’s tastes were solidly old-fashioned.  It was nice to know that Chase would protect and bully her. 
She preferred to call it courtly protectiveness but looking around her she realized that had she and Chase met ten years ago, they would not have even spoken to one another. She would not have been wild enough for him and he would not have been interested in anything other than this wild bunch of women who walked around half nude at a nod. Shanna suspected many of them were dancers. She had heard that strippers usually had bikers as mates. 
Chase arrived back with the beers and she gulped hers gratefully. Perhaps this place was easier with a buzz on. Shanna thought by this time her eyes must be permanently round and was, in fact, grateful that someone had not accosted her for staring at them. The bar was huge and extremely noisy since they were now well into the afternoon and the revelers had obviously been partying since early in the day. Shanna had a mind to ask Chase why there did not appear to be any small, skinny bikers, but decided this was not the place. 
Chase polished off his beer in two gulps. “Finished?” 
Chase was now acting very much like a biker and Shanna had not yet forgiven him for his insensitivity but she was not of a mind to argue with him now. She nodded meekly. “Did you see anyone you know?” 
“No, and no one seems to be tailing us either but we need to get a place to stay for the night. Let’s get out of here.” Abruptly, Chase bulled his way through the crowd. 
Shanna followed, glad she was spared the ordeal of having to fight her way through the crowd to the bar. 
They returned to the bike and headed north out of town. After they had been riding for a while they stopped at a fenced area called the Iron Horse. This place was even more bizarre. It was mostly an outside bar. There were Harleys hanging from the trees, and a Honda burning in a barbecue pit and over by the entrance was a coffin with a life-like looking dead biker in it. 
Again, the place was huge, noisy, crowded and again Shanna edged close to Chase. She didn’t want to make him look bad but she was not going to get lost in this place either. In the middle of the area was a tattoo parlor and next to it a young girl was displaying her body on one of those space machines that revolved around with you in the middle. The smell of grass hung heavy over everything. It was dark now. This time Chase actually told her to hang onto the back of his belt and not to stray. Again Chase got the beers and finally he made contact with a group of friendlies. 
A couple that Chase knew slightly were sitting at a long table in the small interior section of the bar and they made room for Shanna. Behind the table was a brick wall, each inscribed with the name of a biker and the date on which he had died. Shanna had not missed the number of men walking around with noticeable limps. The wall was testimony to the danger of their lifestyle. She sat down gratefully, but not for long. The couple had not seen any of the club members and were themselves staying in an already overcrowded motel room. 
It looked like a campsite was their only option. Back on the bike they got and out into the night. Finally, when Shanna thought she could stand it no more, they turned into a campground area about twenty miles from town where Chase had stayed once before. 
“We’re in luck.” Chase came striding back from the registration office. “They had one cabin left.” 
Shanna looked around.  The place was a sea of metal lit by flickering campfires, but she saw a restaurant and mercifully Chase walked her over there before they went on to the cabin. They managed to get a surprisingly good meal, which Shanna scarfed in a hurry. Afterwards she sipped her coffee in silence, waiting for Chase to notice her displeasure with him. He did not. He lit a cigarette and ignoring Shanna, started a conversation with the guys at the next table. 
Shanna sat seething until Chase was ready to go. She would have left but didn’t know where to go which irritated her even more but once they got to the cabin Shanna’s good humor returned. “Oh. It’s adorable. I’m full and I’m tired and I can't wait for a nice comfy bed.” 
Chase gave her little grin as he opened the door and waved her in. No sheets, blankets, pillows nothing. Shanna rounded on him, tired, cranky and ready to explode. 
Chase shrugged. “It’s the only thing they had. Campers are expected to bring their own gear.” 
“But its freezing in here.” Shanna was close to tears with fatigue and frustration and now she had to pee. “Where’s the bathroom?” 
“Across the other side of the camp site. I’ll take you on the bike to show you where they are.” 
Shanna stared at him about to rebel. Get on that bike again. Tonight? Her urge to pee won.  They rode over to the restrooms in frosty silence. Tiredly, Shanna climbed off the bike again and dragged her sorry ass into the so-called ladies room. She stood inside the door, appalled. The smell caused a gag reflex from some distance and the floors were inches deep in water and slime. There was, of course, no paper, water or soap, but Shanna had been to appalling before and anyway, what choice was there? 
Chase drove her back to the cabin and left her there while he went to the camp office to buy some logs. He came back a little while later and set up a fire right outside the door of the cabin. The fire was warm and romantic and Shanna started to feel a little better. 
“Here. Drink this.” Chase handed her a shot of his Gentleman Jack. “That’ll warm your insides a bit, because nothing in there will. With no covers the cabin will be freezing later.” 
Shanna was past caring, she had had enough adventure for one day. She didn’t even care if the mysterious stalker was right there in the campgrounds with them somehow. She felt and looked like a drowned rat but remarkably, she realized, she was still having a good time. 
A group of bikers had a lit a fire not far from them and though Shanna had not taken much notice, she had picked up that they had been drinking steadily and were getting progressively rowdy. As they got louder, one of them started to comment in terms even Shanna had not heard, about her appearance. She moved slightly around the fire, so that she was directly facing Chase who had his back to them. The one with the vulgar mouth was apparently trying to incite the others to join in. Luckily, he was not generating much enthusiasm but apparently, just the presence of their numbers, together with what he had ingested, was sufficient to embolden this leather-clad lothario and he weaved drunkenly towards them carrying his bottle with him. 
Shanna tried to shrink into the ground. The man was big and ugly. He looked like a Hell’s Angel’s worst nightmare. He was bald and even his head was covered in tattoos. The grimy tank top he wore was obviously designed to advertise his massive muscles and great hairy chest. He looked like one mean and nasty piece of work. 
Earlier Chase had told her that the type of tattoos this man wore usually signified an ex con. Shanna tore her gaze away from the brute long enough to realize that Chase, who had gone deadly still, was not immune to this but was, in fact, fully aware of what was going on behind him. His body was coiled and tense and he was staring intently at something behind her.
 
 


Thirty-seven
Chase was staring at the mirror on his bike which was pulled up alongside the cabin and through which he had a perfect view of the action behind him. He had been watching it for some time, off and on, while he and Shanna were enjoying the fire and he had seen a ginger-haired guy in a leather trench coat lope into the circle of toughs with a couple of bottles. The stranger had been liberal with his booze while drinking little himself and he had done a lot of talking with furtive glances in their direction. It took several bottles to get the bald moose drunk enough to be mean. Chase had counted. 
Chase shifted his position slightly, still apparently oblivious to the events behind him and leaned towards Shanna. “Go into the cabin now and don’t come out till I tell you.” Chase watched as Shanna’s lightning mind went to work weighing the options. She would never instantly obey like a good biker chick, but she would decide so fast that you could hardly tell the difference. 
She nodded slightly and began to gather her purse as if casually deciding to turn in for the night. She wasn’t fast enough. She had barely got to her feet when a huge meaty paw engulfed her arm. 
“What’s the hurry doll? How about a drink?” The big oaf had her by the arm and scrutinized her insultingly, inch by slow inch. He turned to Chase with a drunken leer. “You don’t mind bro? The brothers and me, we left our old ladies home this time and we could sure use a little action.” He grinned wetly. “This split tail of yours is sure a sweet looking piece. Looks like she could suck a lot of dick with that mouth.  C’mon babe, let’s you and me go get acquainted.” Baldy changed his grip to around Shanna’s shoulders and tried to hug her close enough for a sloppy kiss. Shanna, who had been wriggling wildly, if ineffectually, in that huge grasp, immediately pulled backwards and spit in his eye. She wasn’t yet fighting, waiting for a signal from Chase, but he could see that she wasn’t going to stand still for a mauling either. 
Fury engulfed Chase. He uncoiled in one swift, sinuous movement. He pulled Shanna violently free from Baldy and pushed her out of harm’s way. A quick glance told Chase that Shanna was heading into the cabin. He turned back, placing himself in Baldy’s face, nose to nose, yelling and screaming, jabbing his finger into the big guy’s fat gut and generally behaving like a maddened wasp buzzing round an elephant. The sting might be small, but there was plenty of it and it could still be deadly. 
Chase couldn’t have repeated whatever insults he was hurling at the big guy; he was busy trying to get the man’s measure. Big he knew, but was he all mouth? Was he fast, strong, mean? Chase was surprised at the depth of his rage when Baldy’s meaty paw touched Shanna but he also knew that this fight was a set up and that he was meant to get badly hurt, so he fought hard to keep his cool while seeming insane with rage. 
The drunk just gaped. He was bigger than most men and like most big men was obviously used to being treated with deference whenever he looked sideways at anyone. He didn’t seem to know what to make of this howling maniac and almost turned away and headed back to camp. 
Chase watched him think about it and out of the corner of his eye saw the guy in the leather trench coat position himself in Baldy’s view. This seemed to have the desired effect because Baldy let out a roar, dropped his bottle and charged towards Chase. 
The man seemed to sober up a little and Chase knew he would have his hands full. He had hoped Baldy was drunk enough to just fall down but still, he was lucky. Whoever set this fight up was not too smart. There were probably a hundred men in the camp who would have stuck a knife in Chase’s back without a second thought for just a few bucks. So maybe, this was only supposed to scare Chase away from something. 
On the other hand, if Baldy’s mates decided to join in, Chase would be dead and it appeared that someone over there really wanted Baldy’s mates to join in. These guys were from the meaner side of town and Chase could not expect anyone else to help even though they might draw a crowd. 
Chase saw Shanna watching from the cabin window and was grateful that he would not have to keep an eye on her while he was getting beaten to a pulp. He was no stranger to fighting. He had learnt to defend himself at the age of five in the streets of Brooklyn and had been improving on it ever since. He had found that his maniac act helped to disconcert the enemy, who was usually bigger and heavier, while working Chase up into the berserker mood he needed to compensate for being lighter. There would be no rules. Chase was a street fighter from way back. Anything that put the guy out of commission and quickly would be put to use. The only decision was what would work fastest. Chase had no weapons on him, though he could maybe use his belt buckle if he needed to. 
Baldy charged toward him at around two hundred and eighty pounds. Chase stood his ground watching that massive bulk pound toward him. At the last second, he ducked and sidestepped swinging neatly around. Still screaming at the top of his voice, grinning with demonic ferocity, Chase danced toward the bigger man and kicked him hard behind the knee. He heard something crack and grinned in sadistic satisfaction. “You asshole, your mother probably fights better than that. My woman can’t help you. You’ve got to have a dick in order to get it sucked.” 
Enraged, the man swung around as his leg gave out and he fought for balance. 
Chase saw his opening and ran in while the man’s arms were flailing around. He rabbit punched him hard, aiming for the Adam’s apple. He missed, but only slightly. The blow was sufficient to set Baldy gasping and sputtering for breath. The ruckus had attracted some attention and a crowd of bikers followed them in a black leather circle, jeering and catcalling and  goading Baldy to fury. Chase risked taking his attention away for a second to assess the situation. The crowd around them looked mostly harmless. Baldy’s buddies appeared to have no inclination to help him out and Shanna was keeping out of sight. It seemed that if he could get rid of this idiot, that would be the end of it. 
Baldy’s face turned purple and Chase swung his attention back to the matter at hand as Baldy coughed and spluttered and danced with pain, maddened, but unable to catch a breath. The crowd howled with glee. Forced to slow down, Baldy circled warily, keeping his distance while his breathing slowly returned to normal. Eventually, he straightened up slowly and approached Chase with considerably more caution, his eyes narrowed into slits of enraged concentration. He was a powerful man. Chase knew the oaf only needed to connect and he could break Chase in two. He didn’t intend that Baldy should ever connect. He danced out of reach continuing his epic monologue. “Cmn you motherfucker, big fucking hero, you ain’t nothing but a side of lard. Look at you. You got a belt under that belly?  I know you ain’t got a dick. You want to fuck with me? C’mon fatso. Let’s go.” 
Chase ran in circles around Baldy and then danced in close and slapped him lightly several times in the face, all the while pantomiming for the crowd, in and out like a flea on a dog’s ass, keeping Baldy blundering around in ever faster circles chasing his own tail. The crowd roared. They were falling down laughing. Chase kept it up. He stopped at the far side of circle facing the crowd and shrugged his shoulders exaggeratedly. Although winded, Chase appeared to be breathing normally. He wanted to seem totally unaffected by his exertions, hoping the crowd would goad Baldy some more. 
They cheered and obliged. Chase shot them an exaggerated, look what this idiot’s doing look with a jerk of his thumb, then he turned around, arms folded across his chest and tapped his foot on the ground impatiently. “Hey, dickless, what’s keeping you? You want to fight or fart, let’s go here, you're boring everyone.” 
Baldy plodded towards Chase, head lowered, eyes fixed unwaveringly on his tormentor. He was sweating hard and grunting under his breath. He almost looked like he was going to paw his foot in the sand and twitch his tail. 
Chase switched tactics. He stalked towards Baldy taking his time, coldly furious and deadly as a great cat. The words spit out slowly grated against his rising rage. “You want my woman, you motherfucking sorry son of a bitch?” Chase laughed. It was short and ugly. “Look at you.” With a sneer, Chase spit out his next words softly and slowly but each as cold and deadly as a bullet. “I should kill you just for thinking about it.” Chase was quivering with rage; anyone within range would now be a target. “You ever even think about my woman again and I’ll slice you into little pieces you scumbag. I’ll kill you, you stupid motherfucker, cm’n get close enough. I’ll tear pieces out of that great belly of yours, bite by bite and then I’ll spill your guts out and stomp on them asshole, cmn, get over here.” 
He kept it up, voice ugly, eyes cold and flat, focused unwaveringly on his adversary.  The crowd grew silent in response. Chase no longer noticed. He stared directly at Baldy’s eyes waiting for the red rage to rise in them that would signal an impulsive attack. Chase himself, although yelling was doing it with cold, calculated fury. 
An enterprising bookmaker in the crowd was busy taking bets but the crowd was made up of experienced fighters. There weren’t many takers. Chase took no notice. He saw and heard only Baldy. His life depended on it. At the split second that Chase saw Baldy start his charge, someone in the crowd stuck out a foot and tripped Chase, sending him sprawling towards the other man. Goddammit it. Caught unawares, Chase fell hard and awkwardly. He felt the wind pushed out of him and pain seared his left hip. He lifted his face, spitting out sand, shook his head and sucked in air in great gulps. 
With a delighted roar, Baldy dived forward in a belly flop intended to finish Chase off but Chase wasn’t there. Despite the pain, Chase curled up and rolled fast enough to be caught only a glancing blow. Even so, Baldy had landed on Chase’s bad leg and Chase bit his lip to keep from groaning. The pain was immediate, excruciating and crippling. 
Faster than he looked, Baldy scrabbled to his knees and aimed a massive fist at Chase’s head. Momentarily crippled and in agony, Chase could only turn to avoid the blow as best he could. He took the punch on his back just below the shoulder blade and felt like his shoulder was just shattered in a million pieces. He saw white light behind his eyes. The blow threw him forward. Eating sand again, Chase knew he would have to finish this fight fast. Baldy would cripple him in no time just by virtue of his size. 
On his hands and knees Chase shook his head, pretending to be dazed as he checked on Baldy’s whereabouts. The man was behind him. He had gotten up and grabbed a beer bottle from a bystander, which he promptly broke over the man’s head. 
What a moron. Only a fool would make a move like that. The bystander didn’t like being cracked on the head and liked losing his beer even less. Before Chase was on his feet a melee had started. Bottles were being broken, knives appeared here and there and the whole crowd was punching each other out in earnest. 
Still on his knees, Chase looked around for the leather duster. He was nowhere in sight so Chase eased carefully and painfully out of the kicking, punching, biting crowd of partying bikers, gleefully having at it and retreated to the cabin, limping painfully. 
Shanna let him in and bolted the door, then hugged him so hard he winced. Her eyes were huge and she was white as a sheet. While the fight, for the most part was a bunch of guys having a good time, there were some vicious thugs mixed in and the scene was probably truly terrifying to the uninitiated. Almost crying, Shanna was biting her lip, clearly terrified that he was badly hurt.
Chase let Shanna help him as he limped over to the bed and sat down heavily massaging his leg. He was touched at her concern and thankful that the sudden turn of violence had shaken her. Chase knew he would get the full brunt of her anger later, but for the moment she could only make little mutterings of concern as she stripped off the remainder of his tee shirt and inspected the reddened area below his shoulder blade already darkening to purple. Chase flinched at the touch of her fingers. Feeling for himself, he found he had a few scratches and was breathing hard but seemed all right otherwise. 
Shanna turned her attention to the rest of him and started to tug at his boot. Chase grabbed her hand. “Don’t do that.” 
Shanna stopped tugging, startled. “But your leg needs attention.” 
“No, don’t touch it.” Chase tugged on his boot again and got up abruptly. 
“Chase. You are limping badly. That’s your bad leg. You could be bleeding, you could have done some major damage, don’t be stupid.” 
Chase turned on her, practically snarling, allowing Shanna a vision of the beast within. “Leave it, I said.” 
Shanna stared for a minute then snatched her things off the bed and sat down, her back to Chase, busying herself wiping mud off her boots. Her back was stiff. 
The noise outside started to move away as the fight started to wind down, its participants deciding it was more fun to get drunk, get laid or do some dope. Shanna peeked out the window watching until Chase joined her. Then she turned sharply away. 
Chase saw that Baldy was evidently having an argument with his campfire mates. Then he angrily picked up his jacket and stomped off in the direction of the pool hall. 
Chase spoke without turning around, “I don’t think we have to worry about anything anymore tonight but just to be sure, I’ll go reconnoiter. Lock the door behind me.” With that he left. An hour later he was satisfied that whatever had been going on was now over. Leather duster was nowhere on the campsite and Baldy, busy playing pool, hadn’t even recognized him.  Wearily, Chase headed back to the cabin. They slept, fully clothed, each keeping stiffly to their own side of the bed. The cold woke both of them at different times during the night and eventually it was dawn. 
Showered, Shanna went to a nearby hut and got a cup of coffee while Chase had his shower. When Chase pulled up with the bike a little while later she glowered at it and made no move to leave her coffee. Chase wasn’t in the mood to be charming. “Shanna get on the bike. You’ll never pass Biker Chick 101 that way.” 
“Thank god for that.” Shanna said witheringly. She stayed where she was just long enough to let him know she would not be bullied, then put on her helmet. “But at least my butt has established some kind of relationship with this thing, so maybe I’m not a total loss.”
 Chase couldn’t help the grin that escaped him. She was even cute when she was in a snit. He signaled with his thumb that it was time to put butt to bike again.
 
 


Thirty-eight
It was late afternoon and a mesmerizing orange and black sunset hit the horizon as Joe emerged from his chickee to gather with the other men for the ceremonial lighting of the new fire. Dressed in his finest, Joe was once more all Indian. He belonged here with his own people, not out in the white world. Unlike some of his brethren, Joe had never been able to merge his two worlds, and felt he had become two different people. He much preferred this world. Here there was no need to be wary, on guard and suspicious. There was no racism here. For those that belonged, all were welcomed, regardless of color. The tribe took care of its own. 
Still musing, Joe had fallen into step with Willie Hatchee without noticing. The two were good friends and had endured their boyhood initiation together. Willie had done well and sat on the tribal council but Joe felt Willie was too aggressive in his stance on Indian affairs. 
Willie was a flamboyant figure and fiercely full of pride for his heritage. His rhetoric stirred the young men’s blood and they idolized him. Joe felt Willie’s harsh stance and aggressive refusal to deal diplomatically with the whites was a dangerous role model for the youth of the tribe. The future of their people depended on learning to get along and partaking of education and technology or they would remain a ragtag bunch of poor folk living in the swamp. National pride must be carefully directed if their future culture was to be maintained.  Willie advocated Red Power and modern warfare against the whites. He wanted America back for its native sons. Willie was a modern day Geronimo. 
Willie clapped Joe a resounding slap between the shoulder blades laughing uproariously as Joe stumbled under the blow. “Wake up Laa-le Nak-ne. You don’t see an old friend?” As usual, Willie spoke in Miccosukee and addressed Joe by his tribal name which meant Fish Man and which Joe had earned as a young boy when he took up scuba diving, already with his feet set on the path toward a career involving water. 
Recovering his stride, Joe retaliated enthusiastically and the two men stopped for a second to grin foolishly and appraise each other. “It’s good to see you Willie even if you do look like a tourist’s idea of an Indian.” Joe looked him up and down, shaking his head in wonderment. 
Willie was dressed in a superb cream-colored doeskin tunic and pants beautifully beaded. His hair was long and loose and he wore silver and turquoise wristbands and necklace. A silver feather and ear cuff decorated one ear. He was better than any movie star Indian Joe had ever seen. 
“Yeah.” Willie flicked imaginary lint off his sleeves. “Don’t mess up the costume, fish man.  This set me back a fortune. Nice huh?” Willie preened and Joe was amused at the women who were pretending not to watch, their covetous glances hidden behind disapproving frowns. 
The two men bantered spiritedly as they continued on their way but eventually the talk turned to more serious matters. They had already covered family news and Joe’s progress with his work and were having a hot debate on cattle ranching as they reached the edge of the gathering. 
Willie was pleased with Joe’s report. “That’s good news Laa-le Nak-ne. The elders will be pleased, but we need you back here soon.” Willie turned to face Joe, lowering his voice. “The council has just finished its report on the state of our lands and it is not good. The whites must do something soon or we will have no lands.” 
Willie’s passionate nature could not keep him still. He slapped one palm into the other in frustration and increased his stride to match his intensity. “It’s not like we haven’t got the money. Our conservation classes have multiplied and we’re doing everything we can within the tribe but it’s not enough. In ten years there will be nothing left. I’ve got my hands full just dealing with the problem of additional housing but we’ve got big trouble here. Some of the shamans are predicting destruction of life as we know it, that the Breathmaker is displeased with us. Most of the people are jittery and they don’t go out alone. Since you have been gone, five people have been killed by lightning in storms such as we have never seen.” 
Joe stopped in mid stride and put a restraining hand on Willie’s arm at the mention of lightning storms. “What kind of storms?” 
“Storms unlike anything the Breathmaker has sent us before. These storms do not move. They happen with no warning. They cover a small area and they are so ferocious that everything under them is beaten into the ground. They last a short time and stop. Man or animal, anything trapped by the storm is killed. Our people cannot predict when and where these storms will strike. The ground is left barren and nothing will grow there afterwards. The animals will not return.” Willie drew Joe aside from the crowd walking close beside him so they would not be overhead. “The ceremony this year will be much longer. The shamans have much magic to make. The green corn does not ripen and our people are afraid.” 
Joe saw one of the elders heading in their direction. There would be no more time to talk. “Willie, I know about this. It is happening in the white world too. We must talk. I need to see some of these areas.” 
A gleam of hope appeared in Willie’s eyes. They agreed on a meeting place just as the elder caught up with them. Joe greeted him deferentially then turned and took his place at the fire. 
The clans waited in respectful silence as the shaman, stately in his ceremonial robes, paced slowly forward, reverently holding a piece of flint that had been stored away to be used only for this purpose. This was a moment of great ceremony. 
Joe was dressed, as was everyone else, except Willie, in traditional Seminole garb. The campsite was alive with all the brightly colored patchwork. Joe was always deeply moved by this ritual. It gave him roots, a sense of pride and history. It renewed him, as it was meant to do. The fire was a symbol of a new beginning. He stood with the members of his family and gave himself up to the ceremony. 
Once the fire was alight and blazing, the women each took coals from it to their own homes so that they could cook the feast with the new fire. The Panther Clan and The Wind Clan, the clans that provided leadership to the tribe, sat in two separate groups around the fire. Each member of one clan sat opposite the man with equal status in the other clan. The other clan members addressed them as “mother’s brother.” 
Before the dancing could begin, there would be business and Joe settled down to watch with the other men. First came the sinners. Crime amongst the Seminoles was minimal because justice was harsh and inescapable. There was no courtroom appeal here. Any unfortunate deemed guilty would be in for some bloodletting. Usually, the guilty party would be “scratched”, marked with animal claws that would leave scars. Decision for judgment was left to the clan’s leader. 
In previous years Joe had witnessed much harsher penalties dealt out for crimes which had fortunately become much rarer. Incest or adultery could result in ears, nose or lips being cut off and a death sentence was not unknown. This year, however, the ruffians were few and the punishments light. Most of the men nodded in agreement with the sentences handed down. 
Next came the repentant ones. Those who had left the tribe for one reason or another and wished to come back and be forgiven. At the Green Corn Dance the Breathmaker comes down and blesses everyone and runaways are usually welcomed back to the fold. They stood meekly before their judges, heads down, their faces betraying no anxiety. What would be, would be. Accepted back into the fold, they would withhold their exuberance until the dancing began. 
After the penitents, came the pubescent boys, ready to receive their Miccosukee names and be initiated into the tribe as men. The boys also were scratched as part of their initiation rites. They stood, stiff and tall in the flickering firelight, immobile and impassive as their clan leaders advanced slowly towards them bearing the ceremonial claws used for initiation. Each pair of dark pubescent eyes remained riveted on those claws as they advanced down the line leaving behind them a trail of blood. There was not one among them who would not have died rather than flinched as those claws took them from boyhood to manhood. When it was done they could contain themselves no more. Relieved that it was over, they strutted for their families and wore their scratchings with great pride. They were the warriors of the future and the tribe’s survival rested on them. Throughout the ceremonies, the tortoiseshell rattles of the shamans could be heard communicating their messages to the Breathmaker. 
While watching the initiation, Joe had sunk into reverie and was startled when Sophie’s name penetrated his consciousness. No he was not mistaken. The shaman was indeed talking about Sophie. Joe’s mouth almost dropped open in amazement. The shaman was praying for those among the tribe who had passed over during the year and calling for a moment of silence in remembrance. For Sophie to be mentioned in this prayer was an honor she would have deeply appreciated. She had done much for the tribe and they had welcomed her as one of them. An honor not bestowed lightly. Joe looked up at the stars and fancied he saw Sophie’s bright smile. 
Finally came the dancing. It began with a string of men who fell in behind a chanting medicine man. They answered each chanted cry while they stomped, weaving single file behind him sinuous and rhythmic as a snake. As the dancing progressed, the guttural whoops and war cries blended with the pulsing of the drums. The whorls and bends and foot thumping of the warriors set Joe’s pulse racing and heated his blood until he too joined in, immersed in his dance, as one with his ancient ancestors. 
He danced to exhaustion with great joy and no little skill, his body glistening with sweat, his moccasins molded to his feet like a second skin. Eventually, breathing heavily, Joe became aware of his surroundings again and dropped out to rest. 
In contrast, the gentler, slow and elegant shuffling of the women in their beautiful finery, with tinkling bells and egret feathers bending in unison was soothing and hypnotic to watch. Already exhausted from his stomping, Joe squatted to watch the women and was reminded again how beautiful the young women of his tribe were. They stood slim and graceful and each danced with pride and shy pleasure, eyes laughing and hair swinging. It was good to see. There were many years when this had not been so. 
The flickering firelight, the beautiful starry night, the drums and tribal chants and the mouth-watering aroma of roasting venison and mounds of fragrant, doughy frybread overloaded Joe’s senses.  He mused that had an outsider been allowed to witness the ceremonies they would believe themselves back in an earlier time and would have been held spellbound, as he was, never closer to the beauty of the universe than this. 
Content just to sit, Joe watched wistfully as couple after couple disappeared into the flickering shadows. This was the one night of the year when teenage girls could flirt with impunity. Each girl would find a boy and let him know that she found him attractive. They did not kiss. The couples showed their affection in other ways. It was a night of great magic for the young. Ruefully, Joe realized it had been many years since a young teenaged girl had found him attractive but the memory of that night stayed with him still. 
Tomorrow, the third day, the shaman would carry his medicine bundle into the ceremony and in the evening he would open it to reveal its contents which could be viewed until dawn, when it would be closed, signifying the end of the ceremony. Joe worried about the contents of that bag. The destruction wreaked by these storms placed a pall over the ceremony and Joe knew the shaman must address it but the Green Corn Dance must not end on a note of terror and despair. The consequences would affect the entire tribe, cloaking them in depression for the entire year. The shaman’s magic was strong.  Could it not, this once, be done in secret? 
The teenagers were too much for Joe. He went in search of an old girlfriend.
 



 
Thirty-nine
Chase and Shanna rolled into St. Augustine about an hour after leaving Daytona and headed straight for Kenny’s store. Chase pulled the bike in back and while they took off helmets  he looked around, relieved to see that no one was yet about. The tourists must still be having breakfast. Down the street, shopkeepers were beginning to stir and put out their wares, but Kenny’s store was next to the White Lion. There were few other stores on the street and it was quiet. For a moment, Chase thought he saw a guy in a leather duster walking quickly away in the distance. He thought he must still be a bit punchy. 
He knew he was tired when he snapped at Shanna. “Have you got the formula and Sophie’s papers? I’d hate to have driven all this way for nothing.” Shanna had already located the papers in his saddlebags and handed them over without comment. Chase felt guilty. “With our luck, Kenny’s probably out of town or something” he said morosely. Still Shanna said nothing and Chase felt worse. 
They walked round the back looking for a port of entry. Since Kenny had living quarters here it was feasible to expect a back door and there it was. Chase rang, waited a few minutes then rang again. No answer. He started to swear under his breath. Just his luck not to find Kenny at home. Shanna was busy looking in the windows intrigued by all the goodies crammed together inside. 
Irritated, Chase decided they had better go have a cup of coffee somewhere and try again later but as he and Shanna walked back to the bike he took another look and noticed that one of the lower windows was cracked open. 
Chase motioned Shanna to the bike. “Stay here and keep an eye open. I don’t want to be arrested for breaking and entering. I’ll just leave a note for him and we can wait at a motel.” He raised the window without difficulty, but getting inside proved less easy. He was still limping on his bad leg and sore from the fight and Kenny had the place so crammed with tourist lures that Chase felt like a blind elephant trying to tiptoe around in a china shop. Eventually, finding a good foothold, he landed lightly and glanced around to get his bearings. As he recalled, the stairs to the living quarters were off to the right. 
Chase moved slowly and quietly, not wanting to scare Kenny if he should be home sleeping. At the head of the stairs he craned his head up looking for signs of life. “Hello, anyone home?  Kenny, you there man?” Chase went up the stairs and knocked softly at the first door and then tried it. Nothing but empty room, kitchen. Chase felt guilty at trespassing on Kenny’s privacy but he was here now, might as well go on. The second door was a bathroom, the third a bedroom, the bed evidently not slept in. Finally, Chase arrived at the room he remembered as being Kenny’s den from his last visit. It was the last room on the floor. He opened the door carefully, remembering how cluttered the room had been, and peered around it. Kenny must have been out partying a little late last night, or else had done too much weed. He was slumped over the desk, out cold. 
Relieved, Chase gave up being stealthy. “Hey, man. That must have been a hell of a party if you can sleep like that.” He reached the desk in a couple of strides and shook Kenny by the shoulder. No response. Moving around in front, Chase gently took hold of Kenny by the shoulders and pushed him back in his chair. 
Rooted to the spot Chase stared unbelievingly. There was a large hole in Kenny’s chest and now Chase could see the blood, all over the place. Kenny was dead. Incredulous, Chase felt for a pulse, even though he knew it was useless. His face twisted with regret. Good Christ almighty, what the hell was going on? Chase had liked the over aged hippie. What the fuck was so important that people had to die? Now there were two deaths to avenge. There had better not be anymore. Kenny had a wife and kids somewhere. What kind of bastards were these? 
Chase allowed himself a moment of emotion, then steeled himself. Dispassionately now he went to work looking for anything that might tell him what happened. Kenny was not in full rigor mortis, so he had not been dead long. Chase crossed to the window quickly and looked around. The street seemed clear and Shanna was waiting patiently, she was leaning on the bike, looking around with interest. 
Turning around, Chase studied the room. There was no indication of what had gone on here, no struggle. The back door had been securely locked when Chase tried it so the killer must have been let in and let himself out via the open window. It was hard to tell, but nothing seemed to have been disturbed, the room had not been ransacked. 
Luckily, Chase had not taken off his bike gloves. He could get out of here now without any hassles. Someone would find Kenny soon enough. In the meantime, he now had two deaths to avenge, for there was no doubt in Chase’s mind that Kenny had been killed because of something he knew in relation to Chase’s investigation. 
Even if someone saw the bike downstairs, it was bike week. The police would have to pick from a virtual forest of motorcycles between here and Daytona. There were not many distinguishing features to be seen when you wore black leather, sunglasses and a helmet. Looking out the window again, Chase saw that Shanna had already put her helmet and glasses back on. Good girl. 
Chase made a quick and thorough study of the room. He didn’t touch anything. He just searched visually for anything out of place.There was nothing. Returning to Kenny’s desk, he saw it was littered with papers, most of them now blood-soaked. He looked at the ones over which Kenny had been slumped, gently moving them with a gloved finger. They were mostly bills and purchase orders for store supplies. Why in the world had somebody killed Kenny? 
Carefully, Chase attempted to lower Kenny back into the slumped position he had been in when Chase found him. As he did so Chase caught sight of the corner of a black, leather-bound notebook partially stuck down the side of Kenny’s chair. He pulled it loose, stuffing it into his jacket. Whispering a goodbye to Kenny, he hurried down the stairs and out to Shanna. They must get out of here now.
 
 


Forty
Annie had gotten over her terrible day. Her investigative instinct, she liked to call it that instead of just plain nosiness, had been thoroughly aroused by the South African contingent and she had been working furiously to see what would turn up. Nothing did. Brian’s Cavenaugh’s prints came back with his identification attached exactly as he claimed to be, a relocated South African businessman. 
De Brandt Minerals corporate reports, press releases and news articles lay strewn all over Annie’s desk. She had read every one of them to no avail. She had called De Brandt Minerals asking about their interests in South Florida and had been treated with total courtesy, great skepticism and undisguised incredulity. Nothing. Big fat zero. 
She wondered how Chase was doing. Just then her intercom buzzed. 
“Chase on line two.” Rose reported laconically. 
Annie picked up the phone. “Great minds think alike. I was just thinking about you.” 
“You must have sensed my panic.” Chase sounded a little out of breath. “Listen. I’m in a hurry but I may need you later, I don’t know how much trouble I’m in if any.” 
Annie sat up straight, starting to get worried. “Trouble? What’s going on?” 
“That guy I told you about in St. Augustine who knew about this lightning stuff? Well I was here to see him this morning. He’s dead. Somebody killed him. I can't stop now to chat. I want to get Shanna out of town. I found him in his house and left everything the way it was. I was wearing gloves so I think I’m okay, but I want you to discreetly find out how they treat it up here. I’ll be in touch as soon as I get back okay?” 
“Of course. No problem but we must talk. There’s something really weird going on here. You know that piece of junk metal you gave me? It belongs to De Brandt Minerals, the South African Mining Company.” Annie could only hear silence on the other end of the line.  “Chase?” 
“Yeah, sorry. I’m here. Just thinking. Good work Annie. I’ve gotta go. We’ll touch base later, okay?” The line went dead. 
Annie stared at it. Kenny murdered. Well, she’d better get on it. She didn’t want her favorite man in the hoosegow, besides, this was getting really interesting. “Sophie girl, you doin all right up there? Don’t you worry none. We’re getting there. We’ll find out what happened to you and I’ll take care of that badass brother of yours.” 
Rose dropped the mail on Annie’s desk. “Who’re you talking to? You losing it too now?” 
“Nah. Its just starting to come together.”
 
 


Forty-one
Chase and Shanna rode long and hard and they were in Orlando before Chase felt it safe to stop. They pulled into a biker-style bar and ordered onion cheeseburgers and fries with beer, both of them famished, stiff and windblown from the long ride. The place was almost empty and Chase had chosen a booth in the corner away from the other customers. He played something loud on the jukebox and as they ate they discussed their next move. 
Shanna had been horrified to hear of Kenny’s death, but as she had never met him, she was spared the grief process and her analytical mind could fully function in trying to figure out what was going on. 
Chase wolfed down his hamburger and as Shanna ate he outlined what they knew so far. Frowning in concentration he shook his head with frustration. “The only thing I know for sure is that Sophie was murdered.” Chase started to write on his napkin, item by item. “Sophie was with Joe until midnight. She would never have left Joe and gone to a golf course in a storm and certainly not at that time of night. Her body was moved there. She didn’t die there. That much we know.” Chase was able to be somewhat dispassionate in discussing Sophie now that so many other things had happened. 
“When she and Joe were camping, Sophie saw something that caused her to be shot at. From what Joe told me, it was some kind of weird equipment he couldn’t identify. Next thing you know, she’s dead and my house is tossed. Sophie worked for Myles Hickman. I think she talked to Hickman about it and I think Hickman is dirty as hell. I don’t know how but that prick is up to his neck in this. The whole thing is somehow tied up with lightning. Hickman studied lightning. That storm that supposedly killed Sophie was some kind of freak weather aberration.” 
Shanna almost choked on her hamburger. Spluttering she reached for her beer. “You mean you think Myles Hickman deliberately killed Sophie with a thunderstorm?” she asked incredulously. 
Chase looked a little sheepish. “I feel like one of those people who saw a UFO and doesn’t want to own up. But yeah.” He stuck his chin out stubbornly, “why not? When Joe and I were in Starke we saw for ourselves that lightning can now be controlled and called up at will.” 
“Called up with a flick of your fingers. Good grief. Next you’ll be telling me some guy in a white beard and a fancy cloak stuck a sword in a stone for you to pull out. That’s insane. Tell me you're joking.” Shanna had been so surprised she had gotten a little loud. 
“Keep it down.” Chase looked around to make sure no one was listening and growled at her while he rolled his eyes at the other diners, hoping they would think he had a girlfriend with a hysterical jealous fit on his hands. 
Lowering her voice Shanna asked, “What about Dominick, Chase? Do you think he’s mixed up in this too? He had that formula belonging to Myles Hickman and he has been very secretive about Myles being a client. The formula mentioned lightning too, and graphite.” 
“Yeah.” Chase nodded. “And Sophie’s notes mentioned graphite and industrial diamonds.” Perhaps we are getting somewhere.” 
“Where?” Shanna was shaking her head vigorously. “You surely can’t believe there is some fantastic plot connecting diamonds and lightning? This is getting ridiculous. It’s like something out of a James Bond movie. You can’t be serious?” 
“Why not?” Chase was thinking furiously. “Annie said that piece of equipment I took her belonged to De Brandt Company, that’s a subsidiary of South African Diamonds, Inc. and Joe and I found it at the campsite where Sophie was shot at. And what’s more, why couldn’t that storm that sunk our canoe have been deliberate? Someone’s been tailing us around. Someone broke into your place and you and I had only just met. You had a nice dull life till you met me didn’t you?” Chase grinned at her devilishly. 
Shanna made a face but she had to concede the point. “Dull and normal.” She straightened up suddenly. “That fight at the campground..?” 
“Yes.” Chase nodded. As many years as I have been going to Daytona, I rarely saw a fight. There was some ginger-haired dude wandering around there in a black leather duster like some caricature from a bad western. He stirred up Baldy and tried to stir up the others. I saw him in Boot Hill too and what about the guy with the black Explorer who’s been following you.” 
“And then there’s Kenny.” Chase’s face darkened with anger. “I don’t know who killed him but the guy in the leather duster is the only suspect we’ve got right now and he was in the area, so that makes him a lot more dangerous than I thought.” 
“But why?” Shanna was appalled at the casual way in which Kenny’s life had been taken.  “What had Kenny got to do with all this?” 
Chase pulled out Kenny’s little black book from his jacket pocket. He put it down on the table, tapping it with his finger. “I don’t know, but maybe the answer is in here. Maybe Kenny had put some of the puzzle together. He was quite an egghead you know and that’s not all. Joe had trouble too. He told me when we first met that he had been having problems with vandals and the like, only after he and Sophie were at that campsite. He didn’t connect it at first, thought it was just racial stuff.” 
Shanna waited a moment while the waitress brought two more beers. “So what do we do now? I can’t make any sense of this at all except that some one’s trying to kill us all and it seems to be connected with Dominick, Myles and some redheaded guy with an image psychosis.” 
“Oh my God.” The full import of their discussion hit her. “Chase, I work for Dominick. I have to go back to work. All this has been like being in another dimension but tomorrow I have to go back to the real world and work. How can I do that?” 
“Carefully.” Chase said shortly. “You will have to go. You may be our only chance of finding out anything. We don’t know if Dominick knows about your involvement in this or not. You’re going to have to be a hell of an actress, can you do it?” 
Shanna stared at him silently and then suddenly grinned. “Chase Larsen, have you ever met a woman who wasn’t a hell of an actress when she had to be?” 
Chase loved the spirit in this woman. He grinned in return. “Ouch.” He said. “I guess I deserved that.”
 


 
Forty-two
The man took his time finishing his meal. He wanted another cup of coffee but had trouble getting the waitress’s attention. It had been that way all his life. The only thing noticeable about him, at least here, was his accent. Americans were so dumb. They were always asking him if he was from England or Australia. 
He watched from behind tinted glasses as Chase and Shanna left the bar across the street but made no move to follow them. The action appeared to be over for now. Another dead-end. A small smile skittered across his face as he realized his own pun. Gallows humor. The job was getting to him at last. 
Brian Cavanaugh left a meager tip, paid his bill and walked out into the heat, regretting that he had taken the precaution of parking some distance away. Why the company had rented him a black automobile in South Florida was beyond him. Melting into the background was one thing, but he was literally melting, Brian thought grimly. Used to the heat in his native South Africa, this wet blanket that pressed down on everyone here in this godforsaken place was worse than any jungle he had ever been in. 
It was time to report in. He could safely leave the biker couple for now. Brian had seen the red-headed guy in the leather duster climb out of the window in St. Augustine and let him go, deciding instead to find out what he was up to. He had barely got out when Chase and Shanna arrived, and so he had lost two possible avenues of information today. Such was the nature of the beast. 
Actually this assignment was relatively relaxing. Brian was aware of the importance this document had for his government but he had been specifically ordered to be totally invisible at all times. Absolutely no one was to become aware of him and under no circumstances was he to interfere with anyone doing anything. He was here to steal and be gone like the invisible man. Any inkling of the presence of a member of the South African government in this situation would ensure that Brian disappeared home never to be heard from again. 
Brian smiled grimly. He knew what he would have liked to have done.
 
 


Forty-three
The next morning Shanna was back at work like nothing had happened. It was a typical Monday and she didn’t have time to breathe until midafternoon. Dominick was at a hearing in Dade County and so she hadn’t had to deal with him yet. Shanna had been fighting a total sense of unreality all day but she couldn’t decide which of her now two lives seemed the most unreal. 
Last night she had collected some of her things and taken them back to Chase’s place where she had received an exuberant welcome from Jake. They had both been too tired to bother baiting each other any further and had tacitly agreed to a temporary truce. Shanna was asleep at the table before they had finished making their plans. She woke up in the morning curled up on the sofa next to Jake and found a note from Chase who was already up and away. 
The phones finally slowed down a little and Shanna was able to break for a stretch and a chat with Pauline. The monthly meeting of a local paralegal association was scheduled for tonight in downtown West Palm and Shanna needed to attend. Networking was vital in this business. 
Finishing a little early, Shanna swung back to Chase’s place to change and then headed south. She hated driving downtown. Whichever dingbat was president this year hadn’t had enough sense to move the meetings out of town a little to be more central for everyone. Shanna hated these meetings too. She always felt like a bunch of adults got together and engaged in role-playing games for no other reason than that they were programmed to do so, but occasionally she gleaned some really useful information from them and Dominick insisted that she attend. He wanted a spy to report what the other law firms were up to and he was smart enough to know that the best information came from the paralegals, not the lawyers. Not that he gave her expense money for drinks. She had to buy drinks for the others on her own funds. 
Arriving at the ridiculous pink skyscraper downtown, Shanna was forced to valet park. Stalking inside her mood was not improved by what she knew she would be offered to eat, stale egg salad sandwiches, and then she would be obliged to pay three times the going rate for a drink. In revenge she had deliberately dressed well enough to be allowed in but too casually to be appropriate. 
As usual, the meeting proved to be about as useful as eggnog at Easter and on the pretense of a pit stop, Shanna escaped and headed for the regular bar. She was one drink up and had taken the edge off nicely when the rest of the crew finally arrived. 
Inattentively listening to a fellow paralegal who had recently married a lawyer and was now working for him for nothing, Shanna stopped paying attention at all when a conversation from somewhere behind her came sharply into focus. The magic word had been “Dominick.” 
Turning on her bar stool, Shanna saw that David, a cohort she liked and respected was talking to Clarence, a wannabe lawyer with no loyalties and less personality. Shanna didn’t have much time for male paralegals. David was about the only one she could stand. They all tended to be shameless brown nosers in the company of their bosses and arrogant pricks in the company of their peers. Lawyers knew full well that these were guys who didn’t make it for whatever reason and crushed them at every available opportunity with admirable contempt. On the other hand, they also treated their female paralegals like unpaid hookers or clerical housekeepers. Law was a dog eat dog world. 
David looked up and saw her. He smiled in acknow¬ledgment. Clarence turned his back to continue talking. Fat chance, Shanna thought. “Hey David. Thought you weren’t going to make it this time.” 
David shrugged. “Had to cancel the vacation, too many trials bunched up at once.” 
“Oh well, what made you think you could get a vacation anyway, when the rest of us poor slobs never do. Hello Clarence. How are you?” Shanna smiled brightly at him. 
Clarence was forced to turn, with little grace, and include her in the conversation. They waited, making small talk while David, ever the gallant, got Shanna a drink. “Thanks.” Shanna said gratefully. “Did I hear my boss’ name taken in vain a while back?” she asked. 
“You did.” David nodded. “Clarence here was just telling me that Dominick is getting out of law.” 
Shanna turned quickly and put her swizzle stick on the bar at the same time retrieving an ashtray for David. She hoped the move had concealed the shock that surely must have crossed her face. She pasted a bright smile on her face and handed the ashtray to David.  “Oh? What’s the idea of the week this time?” 
Clarence puffed up importantly. “No joke Shanna. You mean he hasn’t told you yet?” 
Shanna could cheerfully have washed off that smug smile with the contents of her glass. With restraint, she sipped at her drink instead. “Now Clarence, you know the peons are the last to know anything. Besides, I’ve been out of town for a day or so. What’s going on that I don’t know about that you're dying to tell me? C’m on give.” 
“Well.” Clarence swelled visibly with the portent of the moment. “Dominick stopped by the office to talk to the partners yesterday. It seems he offered to sell them his practice. I happened to be in the office next door and they left the door open. Dominick offered them quite a deal as long as they moved fast. He told them he’s tired of this town and is moving away. I caught him on the way out but he wouldn’t say any more. Said he was in a hurry. Guess that means you’ll be out of a job pretty soon, eh Shanna?” 
“Lucky me.” Shanna was not going to let on that the news had come as a shock. “Perhaps I’ll get out of law too. It’s not been much fun lately.” 
Clarence was now the center of attention as their conversation had been overheard by some of the others and the room buzzed with the gossip. Shanna finished her drink, talking quietly with David. She kept one ear on the conversation but evidently no one knew anything else. Declining an invitation to join David and a few cohorts at a neighborhood bar more conducive to relaxation, Shanna made her exit.
 


 
Forty-four
Annie was buried nose deep in paperwork. None of it billable. She had shelved most of her active cases to concentrate on Sophie. Chase would have a fit if he knew but she owed them and anyway, it was her business. Granny glasses perched on the end of her blade of a nose, Annie sipped on coffee, a cup that was continuous all day. Rose always told Annie that’s why she stayed so thin and hyper. Anyone with that much coffee in them had to spend a lot of time in the bathroom. In truth, the coffee provided a substitute for the drugs that had kept Annie in motion in the old days. She had a system made of cast iron. 
Annie had made discreet inquiries in St. Augustine and learned that a store owner in the old town had been murdered. Police had no leads. That made Annie breathe easier. She could get back to work now but so far it hadn't done much good. She hit a dead end backtracking Sophie’s movements the last few days of her life but she had not been idle. She had been calling in markers for days and now she had part of the puzzle in front of her. She just needed to put the pieces together and see what she had. She had run a second thorough check on DeBrandt Minerals. It belonged to a huge diamond conglomerate in South Africa. Mostly they sold diamonds to the industrial market. This in itself was intriguing. There were many tourists and businesses from all over the world in South Florida but South Africans were rare. And a diamond mining company? At a remote campsite out in the wilderness? What kind of a connection could that be? Rose was still working that angle for her. 
Annie had run background checks on everyone connected with the investigation. Now she had a file on Myles Hickman, Dominick Wilding, Joe Keel and several of Sophie’s friends and coworkers. She had scanned these briefly and put them all aside except for Wilding and Hickman. She accepted without question Chase’s advice that Joe was a good guy on their side. 
Annie had set an operative on Brian Cavenaugh and she had been good enough to catch him tailing Chase and Wilding’s paralegal around before she was made. A professional, Annie mused, but for whom? And for what? Whatever this was about it did not bode well for Chase’s health and that of his new friend. Annie sighed. Her operative had included with her report a picture of Shanna and Chase together. She wished sadly that it could be her but Annie was nothing if not a realist. By all accounts this Shanna was okay and if Chase wanted her that was good enough for Annie. 
Annie drummed her fingers thoughtfully on the desk. What now? This South African guy was too good to keep a tail on. Annie’s operatives were mostly used to domestics and personal injury frauds. They were still trying to dig up something on this man. She must be patient. Meanwhile she might find a lead somewhere else. 
One report had Wilding at a strip joint meeting with some thug. That might be worth following. Annie grabbed her jacket. This was one place she could blend in.
 
 


Forty-five
Dominick paced nervously. Mick watched him. It gave him the jitters. The prick thought he had a slave for life, just for keeping him out of jail on a lousy drug charge. Well the tables had turned now. Mick had a lawyer in his pocket now; complicity in murder was not good for the legal profession. He couldn’t wait until Dominick realized the predicament he was in. You play, you pay. Mick smiled to himself. 
“I did like you said but the oaf was too drunk and that guy is a hell of a fighter. I think he made me so I didn’t want to take him on myself.” Mick was reporting on his trip to Daytona. So far it hadn’t gone well. “Anyway, he picked up a few bruises at least, enough to slow him down some,” Mick sniffed. 
Dominick swung around. “You incompetent moron. The man’s no idiot. I told you to stay out of sight. Now you tell me he knows you're following him around the state. Can't you do anything right?” 
Mick stirred sullenly. Nobody was going to talk to him like that and get away with it.  His turn would come. Now would be a good time to give him a shot. “Well, you didn’t tell me that good looking secretary of yours hung around with him neither. What was I supposed to do about her?” Mick looked sly. “I always thought you were shagging her. Guess not huh? Did you know she was the type to do Daytona? I gotta tell you, she looked mighty tasty in them tight jeans and Harley shirt. If it wasn’t for your orders I’d have made sure of that myself.” 
“Shanna?” Dominick stared at Mick. “Shanna was with him?” 
“Yeah. They stayed the night in one of them cabins the campground rents out.” Mick lit up a cigarette and stretched out his legs. He knew Dominick hated tobacco smoke. “Anyways, I figured they was locked in for the night so I found a place to flop and in the morning I tailed them up to St. Augustine. A bunch of guys were riding up so I tagged along with them. I don’t think they made me for tailing them that far.” Mick watched Dominick pacing around. He flicked some ash in the vague direction of a trash bin and then contemplated the end of his cigarette, blowing smoke out slowly. “Ran into a little trouble there though.” 
“Trouble.” What kind of trouble?” 
Mick had Dominick’s attention again. He reached for another beer bottle from the six-pack Dominick had brought in with him, flipping the cap on the floor. 
“Well, I overheard them saying where they were going see, so I thought I’d do a little reconnoitering first, see what I could find out. I left them about thirty minutes out from St. Augustine and took a short cut. “ 
“Get on with it. I haven’t got all day.” Dominick looked at his watch for about the seventh time. 
Jesus, what an antsy guy. Mick thought. Dominick could do with some dope. Might make a human of him. Well, if he’s in that much of a hurry I’ll give it to him straight. Mick stubbed out his cigarette in a nearby cup half full of cold coffee. He gave Dominick the details of Kenny’s murder in a matter of fact way, smiling slightly as he watched Dominick’s reaction. In truth, Mick was careful where he was brutal. He liked to slap people around, women and kids and meek little people, but he didn’t like to put himself at risk. He picked his moments and he enjoyed them. 
The hippie wasn’t planned. Mick had been in the store when Kenny caught him and he had scared Mick so bad that Mick had killed him reflexively but he wasn’t going to let Dominick know that. Nor was he going to tell him that he had immediately turned tail and bolted back home. As Mick finished his somewhat edited account, Dominick had at last stopped pacing. He sat bent over, head in his hands, staring at the floor. There was silence for a moment or so. Mick pulled out his knife and cleaned his fingernails. He wondered how much he could squeeze Dominick for. 
Dominick ran his hands through his hair muttering to himself. “She’s got to go. She must know it all. I’ve got to contain it now.’ 
“What’s that you say?” Mick was eyeing him suspiciously. Dominick did not appear near enough upset that he was an accomplice to murder. Mick had been sure he would wail and moan and beg Mick to fix the situation. Instead he seemed fixated on this Shanna chick. 
Dominick looked up through his hands. “So you fancied Shanna eh Mick? Well if you want her, she’s yours. I just need one more favor from you.” 
Mick stopped cleaning his nails and started picking at Dominick’s desk with the knife. A truly criminal lawyer, what a surprise. The possibilities were mind boggling. Mick would play along for now. He saw Shanna in his mind’s eye and promptly lost track of any other train of thought. “And what might that be?” 
Dominick eyed Mick’s knife, rhythmically picking out chips from his desk. “Shanna could cause some problems for me in a deal I’m negotiating and now that’s she’s hanging out with this biker, well, she could do some damage. I want you to pick her up and hold her somewhere incommunicado for a while. Maybe this guy will go ape shit looking for her and that will get him out of the way as well. Can you do that?” 
“Sure. No problem.” Mick knew just the place. He was tolerated on the fringes of an outlaw biker gang. They kept a shack, well hidden in the acreage for purposes such as this. Of course, after he was done with Shanna he would have to share. If he let them know ahead of time, he probably wouldn’t get his share. There were risks involved in holding out on the Skulls, but she would be worth it. 
“Good. Let me know when you’ve got her and where. Now get out of here. I’m late for a client.” Dominick moved behind the desk and started acting like a lawyer again. 
Mick slouched towards the door no longer willing to be pushed around by Dominick. He would tell him where to find her all right. What was left of her. Come to think of it, he had made his bones now. This should make him more acceptable to the Skulls. He would get one of those little black patches for his jacket. Things were looking up. Whistling, Mick ambled out of the office.
 
 


Forty-six
Myles was whistling happily. The formula was finished. Dominick had completed negotiations with the South Africans and was now only waiting for the money. Myles laughed to himself. The dolt. Did he think that he, Myles Hickman, greatest scientist on the face of the earth, controller of the weather, would be satisfied with some measly krugerands. The man had no vision. His greed made him stupid. 
Myles had it all within his grasp now. All those years of kowtowing to those nasty little people, and Alicia. She would be sorry now. He could be master of the world. Dominick thought he was making diamonds. Hah. Myles wasn’t making diamonds. They were a side product. He was making weapons. He could obliterate anyone or anything at will. He was almost ready to make his demands on Washington. He just needed one more test but he had to be careful. The Indians had found most of his test sites and they were closing in on this one. He couldn’t afford to be found out now. 
Myles had a master plan. There was trouble again in the Middle East. Myles planned to take out the bad guys with his new weapon. Not that he really cared which side he took out, but he’d start with the bad guys. Then he would take the credit and present his fait accompli to Washington. They would see the possibilities. The armed forces would side with him immediately and he would be in control. No one could stop him then. He would take care of Dominick later. Let him scrabble around for the money for now. 
Chuckling, Myles went back to work. Open in front of him on a portable table was an aluminum briefcase. Myles made an adjustment to the complicated looking pop up panel inside the briefcase and rubbed his hands in anticipation. He wiped the sweat off his palms onto his pants, made a few calculations, turned a few dials and pushed a button. 
Instantaneously, a huge bolt of lightning flashed in the sky directly in front of him at a distance of about three miles. Myles had previously marked a circle out there and cleared the ground designating the area. He picked up some powerful infra-red binoculars and watched as bolt after bolt bombarded the same spot. A huge gray thunderhead gathered over the spot looking ominously like an atomic cloud. No rain fell but hail as big as baseballs pounded the earth. The storm, muffled at this distance, still sounded like a battlefield. From where he stood, Myles saw trees come crashing down. Fire raced over the area consuming everything in its path, fighting for supremacy against the hail that still pounded at the earth. 
Myles cackled with glee. Perfect. He pushed a button and the storm was gone. A serene blue sky hung overhead glowing from a south Florida sun. Only one small area was hung with a pall of smoke. The smell of destruction wafted faintly out from it. Snapping shut the briefcase, Myles packed up his gear and headed out to inspect the results of his test.
 
 


Forty-seven
Chase wondered how Shanna’s day was going. He worried about sending her back to work. Odds were someone as sharp as Dominick would know by now that she was involved.  He didn’t know what the outcome of that would be but had to trust that Shanna could take care of herself. Chase was at a loose end. He had to wait for Shanna’s report on Dominick. Joe had still not gotten back from the reservation and Annie was tailing someone around. Inactivity was not to be considered. There was a new biker bar opening in downtown West Palm today and they were having a bike contest. All the guys would be there. He ought to put them on notice that they might be needed for a rumble soon. No doubt the place would be full of Rubbies too but that could not be helped. 
Jake lay down forlornly as Chase pulled on his riding boots trying not to look. He felt Jake’s eyes transmitting the expected guilt trip through his back and sighed. “Sorry buddy, not today, but you know, those old squirrels are still out back eating me out of house and home. With the mention of his nemesis “squirrel” Jake was out the doggie door like greased lightning and Chase was able to get the bike out of the back gate without the usual struggle between man and dog. 
They had done a good job downtown closing off the street to traffic. The bikes entered in the competition were lined up in the center of the road and those just ridden there were parked any which way on the sidewalk. It was almost like a miniature Daytona. There was a lot of money outside that bar in row upon row of chrome and steel. Some of those bikes cost fifty thousand dollars. Chase checked out the entries and admired one or two of the restored antiques. For the most part they were Rubbie bikes, bought without thought to cost and ridden rarely, pretty but useless. The bar looked about the same, Chase thought. It was too pretty inside.  It was a hell of a big bar though, lot of overhead here. 
Chase managed to get a beer then wandered around looking for a familiar face. Eventually he found a couple of the guys in the far corner. 
“Hey man, pull up a chair.” Tank waved him over. 
“Thanks. I didn’t see your machine outside,” Chase said as he sat down. 
“Nah. I wouldn’t put it near these pretty boy toys.” Tank nodded at the front of the bar screwing up his face in disgust. “Parked it out back with the rest. We paid a kid to keep an eye on them. We just came for the free beer.” Tank roared and the others joined in. “Say, did you hear about Whitey?” 
“No, what?” Chase was only mildly interested, his thoughts elsewhere, his gaze roaming the room. 
“He’s dead man. Funeral’s the day after tomorrow. The whole club is going on the dead man’s run.” 
Chase’s attention snapped back to the group. “Dead? Whitey? Did he go down?” 
Tank shook his head mournfully. “Sort of. Freaky man. He was riding with a couple of the other guys up by Hobe Sound. They said this weird storm came out of nowhere and sort of attached itself to Whitey. He went nuts trying to get out of the way. You ask Don and Pinsky. 
Tank leaned forward frowning and lowered his voice conspiratorially. “They said Whitey ran flat out for while, then started weaving, he did a three sixty and just about stood the bike on end trying to get away. They were riding fairly close but only Whitey was getting rained on. It freaked him out and he burned rubber tearing up the road, lightning striking all around him.” Tank straightened up and took a large gulp of beer before continuing. He shrugged. “Eventually of course, he got hit. The guys said the bolt threw him and the fucking bike about three hundred feet. Slid it right under a truck.” Tank shrugged again. “There wasn’t much left after that of course. Don and Pinsky, they’re still freaked.” Tank scratched his head. “Ain’t never seen nothing like that man. Don’t ever want to. Poor Whitey. 
There’s a wake at the club tomorrow night. We’re charging twenty bucks a head for cover for Estelle and the kids. You in?”
 
“Of course.” Chase forked over two twenties.
 
Tank passed the money over to his old lady. “Any news?”
 
Chase shook his head. The whole club knew of his fight to find out what happened to Sophie and they were doing their own bit, asking questions wherever they were, spreading the word. “No. I was going to ask you the same thing but keep the guys on alert will you Tank? I got a feeling something really nasty is going on and we might need to take care of it.” 
“Sure. We’re ready when you are bro. Any idea what we’re going to be getting into?”  Tank waved the waitress over to the table. Talking was thirsty work. 
“No, but it just might have something to do with Whitey’s death as well. We’re going to need some firepower sooner or later. There’s some kind of nut case out there. Here’s what I got so far.” Chase leaned forward and began telling Tank what he knew.
 



Forty-eight
Joe and Willie had met up at the reservation and were trekking through the wetlands towards the spot where the latest storm had hit when another one struck about a half a mile in front of them. They saw a shadow cross the sun and a huge storm cloud, heavy and ominous gathered directly ahead. Just one, like the anvil of a tornado cloud, gray and threatening. 
“Look.” Willie had Joe by the arm. “There are no other clouds. If you look behind you the day is beautiful.” 
Joe looked and indeed it was. He turned his attention back to the storm cloud. They couldn’t feel it but they could see ahead of them a wind had sprung up spiraling leaves and grass up into the air like a suction cup. The men started running. 
They hadn’t gone far when they heard the thunder. Joe looked up. “The Breathmaker is angry indeed. Hear how his voice rumbles and rolls and roars overhead. Hurry.” Joe ran, covering ground in long even strides, his warrior’s trot, Willie close on his heels. They had almost reached the outskirts of the storm when they stopped in awe. Lightning bolts bigger than any either man had ever seen pounded the area below the cloud. Wind whipped and thrashed furiously at the trees and bolt after bolt after bolt struck with incredible precision. The noise was terrifying. 
The two men stood transfixed. They were perhaps a hundred feet away and untouched.  They watched in disbelief as ball lightning raced in a circle around the perimeter of the storm. Everything within the circle was on fire. Now they could smell burning flesh and hear the terrified cries of the animals as they crashed around seeking to flee the death that reached out its fiery fingers for them. Almost at the same time as the cries subsided, hail came pounding down, huge boulders of ice. The scorched earth sizzled and steamed and the icy anvils shattered and turned into crystal knives, quickly silencing anything left alive. It stopped abruptly, as if a switch had been thrown and there was silence. 
Joe and Willie had sunk to their knees, unable to do anything but watch. Even in the silence of the aftermath they did not move for several minutes. Nothing stirred. The day was beautiful once again. The sun glistened off the raindrops shimmering in the heat but now, the earth in front of them was barren. 
Willie recovered first. “This is how the other areas looked,” he whispered almost to himself. He turned a face drained of color to Joe. “So this is how it happens. Why is such a death being inflicted on our people? For inflicted it must be. This is no natural storm. The shamans must come and decide what to do. This is an evil place.” 
Joe was just as shaken. The power of nature was formidable but what they had just witnessed was so terrifying that his legs trembled and he forcibly stifled a primeval urge to crash back through the wetlands as far and as fast as he could. Instead, Joe spent a minute in prayer to the Breathmaker, gathering his scientific mind to replace his native superstition. 
“Come on Willie. We must inspect the area while it is fresh to see if I can find out what caused this.” Joe picked up his rifle and headed into the scorched area, silvery lightning balls still dancing across his eyes. 
They trod cautiously around still steaming areas to protect their moccasined feet and warily began a circle around the outer perimeter. The outside edge of the area where the storm had stopped, was indeed a perfect circle. Joe figured it to be about five hundred yards in diameter. It had no ragged edges. The fire simply stopped when it got to the edge of the circle. 
Willie scouted around outside the storm area. He found only some strange looking formations of sand, like miniature bolts of lightning, fused into solid form. Everything was as it should be except that the animals had left. Returning to the circle, Willie joined Joe and the two men gingerly picked their way onto the scorched earth inside the circle. 
Joe grew grim as he saw the fulgurites. He motioned Willie onward. “You go this way around the outside and when we meet we’ll move further in and start another circuit. Look for anything unusual.” 
Willie rolled his eyes. “Unusual, he says.” Muttering to himself, Willie started out, eyes to the ground, knife at hand. He walked as the animals did, on his toes, silently. 
Joe was shocked at the destruction. Charred bodies littered the area. Snakes, birds, a small racoon. The vegetation had been completely consumed. Only the larger trees remained partially burned. In his mind’s eye, Joe watched as five of his people perished in this dreadful manner. He pulled out a deer hide pouch from his jacket and poured in a handful of the scorched earth for later analysis. Willie had told him that in areas where other storms had hit, nothing had ever grown back. The land was useless for man and beast. 
The two men searched silently. They found a doe that had evidently been halfway across the circle when the storm struck. Thrown backwards it was horribly burned but still alive. It lay looking at them, huge eyes agonized and pleading. Willie slit its throat and pulled the animal free of the area that had killed it. 
“We’ll take the doe back,” Joe called to him. “I’ll do an autopsy, perhaps it will tell us something.” 
Willie muttered some more. He thought that even the shamans shouldn’t mess with some of the things Joe did which was why Joe was so respected at such a young age, but he trussed the doe for easier carrying. 
Joe went back to his study of the area. It took him two hours to satisfy himself that there was absolutely nothing left to give him a clue what had happened here.
 


 
Forty-nine
Shanna was up early the next morning and taking particular pains with her appearance. She was to meet Dominick at the courthouse for a mediation. The trial was scheduled for four days next week, but Dominick was hoping to wrap it today. The case didn’t involve a lot of money and Dominick hadn't spent any time reviewing it. As usual, he and the defense attorneys would wrangle a bit, spit out a number and Dominick would then force it down his client’s throat, having first thoroughly terrorized the poor client about his imminent court appearance. Shanna sighed. The legal system sucked and justice was a four-letter word. 
Chase had not been home last night when Shanna got in, so she and Jake had shared the remnants of an egg salad sandwich she had purloined from the paralegal meeting and she had turned in. Shanna felt a bit put out. She had wanted to tell Chase what she had learned but now, as she brushed her hair, she reconsidered. After all, what was there to tell really? Better if she could find out a bit more. 
Shanna finished brushing her hair and knotted it into a sleek chignon. She put on her jacket and pirouetted in front of the mirror. Yes, that would do. Pearl gray severely cut two piece suit, white blouse, black patent pumps and purse, minimal jewelry. Standard courtroom costume.  She was thankful Dominick hadn't wanted her to be at the office early to put the file together. Come to think of it, this was the first time he hadn’t done that. Absently, Shanna packed her briefcase. Stop it, she chided herself. Don’t get paranoid. Dominick has no idea you are involved in this. 
She grabbed her keys and patted Jake goodbye absently. Whatever the reason, she was grateful to be meeting Dominick at the courthouse. It would give her an opportunity to compose herself and behave more normally. Thirty minutes later Shanna literally ran into Dominick in the corridor outside the coffee shop. 
“You're late. Here take this.” Dominick piled his briefcase into Shanna’s arms and hunted in his pockets for a quarter. 
“I have quarters.” Shanna put the cases down and produced a roll of quarters. It was standard procedure with Dominick in the courthouse so that he could constantly call the office, witnesses, other attorneys whatever in the various pay phones scattered around. Shanna didn’t know why Dominick didn’t carry a cell phone. It wasn’t money, he would charge it all to clients, but she was grateful for small mercies. This way he couldn’t call her from the car. 
“Good. Let’s go.” Dominick grabbed the money and his briefcase and headed towards the escalator. “No time for coffee now. I saw Rogers heading up to mediation already.” 
Shanna tagged along behind. Rogers was the defense attorney. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted a lost-looking couple of civilians amongst the parade of marching suits, Dominick’s clients, the Bradfords. “This way.” Shanna waved them down then ushered them up the escalator ahead of her. 
Two hours later the Bradfords were glassy eyed, the mediator was almost asleep and the attorneys were about three quarters of the way into their acts when an urgent phone call for Dean Rogers gave them a welcome break. While Dominick spent about ten minutes with his clients browbeating them about what a great job he was doing, Shanna headed down to the coffee shop. She was ready to kill for coffee. She had only just been served and sat down when Dominick arrived. 
“This is going to be easier than I thought. Do you believe that idiot offered this much money for a case like this right out of the gate?” Dollar signs shone in Dominick’s eyes. 
Shanna was surprised actually. Usually they had to fight tooth and nail for every dime. She shrugged. “Just goes to show, you never can tell.” 
Dominick leaned back in his chair and stared at her intently for a minute then asked sarcastically “Is your private life back to what serves as normal for you now? No more break-ins, road trips?” 
Shanna’s reply was just as sarcastic. “Yes, thank you Dominick. Your concern is touching.” 
“Good. I can't afford to have you out of the office, and next time keep in better touch. I can't run my office that way.” 
Shanna didn’t like the way Dominick was looking at her. She decided a change of pace was in order, might as well find out what she could now. “I ran into David and Clarence last night at the paralegal meeting.” 
“Oh yes.” Dominick was watching a pretty brunette bend over to pick up a coin she had dropped. “Get any good gossip?” 
“As a matter of fact yes.” Shanna watched Dominick carefully as she dropped her bombshell. “It’s all over town that you’re getting out of the legal profession. Should I be looking for another job?” 
Dominick’s eyes swiveled to Shanna. He was silent while they stared at each other. This was one of Dominick’s favorite ploys and usually he won, but not this time. Shanna just stared back. The silence stretched. Finally, Dominick nodded. “I’d forgotten how quickly the grapevine works. Yes. It’s true. I would have told you earlier but you haven't been here.” 
Shanna couldn’t fault him there. “Kind of sudden isn't’ it?” 

Dominick shrugged. “I’m tired of this town. You know yourself the practice isn't making that much money. It’s time to move on. I just made a decision that’s all and then moved on it. No sense dragging things out. Don’t worry. I’ll give you a glowing reference.” 
“So,” Shanna asked casually, “did you just pick a place on the map or do you have plans?” 
Dominick hesitated, just slightly. “Arizona. I’ve always liked it out there and I’ve got a cousin in Phoenix who plays the market. I figured that was probably easier and more lucrative.” Dominick fished in his jacket for the quarters and then tossed the jacket carelessly on the chair. “I’m going to check in for messages. Wait here and guard our things, okay?” 
Shanna watched him head towards the door. He was lying. For such a smart guy, Dominick was totally readable. She had always been amazed at his arrogance. Either he thought he was god’s gift to the world, or he just didn’t care. She took another sip of her coffee, mind racing, so it was a second or two before she noticed an airline ticket sticking out of the inside pocket of his jacket. 
Shanna glanced around. No one was watching. She reached over, picked up the jacket, pretending to shake it out and slid the ticket onto the table. A quick glance told her what she wanted to know. The ticket was for Australia, one way by a circuitous route with a long stopover in South Africa and it was for two days from now. 
Shanna sat stunned for what seemed like a few minutes. When someone at a nearby table dropped a spoon she came to her senses and quickly returned the ticket to the jacket. She was studiously reading case law and finishing her coffee when Dominick returned but her thoughts were reeling. Dominick really was a bad guy, her two worlds were colliding and it was all real. Did he know she was involved? He must be stopped before he could leave. What to do? 
“Shanna?” Shanna looked up. Dominick was standing over her impatiently. “What’s the matter with you? You were miles away?” 
“Sorry. I was concentrating.” Shanna closed her book and waited expectantly. 
“I need you to go back and cover the office this afternoon. Pauline is sick and she couldn’t get a hold of the temp.” 
“No problem.” Shanna was relieved to be getting away from Dominick. In the office she would have time to think. She gathered her things, handed Dominick her notes on the mediation and headed out to her car.
 
 

Fifty
Myles too had heard the scuttlebutt about Dominick’s intentions. Alicia had picked it up over tea with some of her friends, and ever the shrew, couldn’t wait to tell him that his attorney was leaving town. “Really darling,” she had purred, her feline tones clawing their way down the phone line, “even your attorney runs away from you.” 
Alicia’s bitchiness was legendary and at first Myles paid little attention. His contempt for Dominick was complete and the man’s plans were of no concern to him but a nagging voice at the back of his mind wouldn’t leave it alone. Finally Myles listened. It was just possible something was going on and Myles wouldn’t let anything stop him now. He had to pick up some supplies anyway, he might as well do it near Dominick’s office. 
“Oh, Mr. Hickman, I’m so sorry.” Pauline simpered. “Mr. Wilding has a mediation at the courthouse today. He’ll probably be gone all day.” 
Myles switched persona and once again became the urbane charmer. “That’s all right Pauline, I just stopped in on the off chance. No harm done.” Myles smiled at her disarmingly. “What a charming dress, is that new?” 
Pauline preened. “Well yes it is. How sweet of you to notice.” She leaned forward confidentially. “It cost more than a week’s pay but I think with the kind of people Mr. Wilding sees, like yourself, for instance, one has to dress the part, don’t you think?” 
What a dimwit. Did this twit think a two hundred dollar dress gave her blue blood and social graces she couldn’t obtain from the Queen of England? “Oh definitely.” Myles made a show of studying her. “It’s charming. You look very chic in it my dear.” Myles was well aware that the not too bright Pauline thought Dominick’s office a perfect place to catch an upscale husband. “You know, I missed breakfast this morning, would it be too much trouble to get a cup of coffee while I’m here? I could really use some.” Myles oozed as much charm as he could muster. 
Pauline jumped at this chance to actually do something for the exalted Myles Hickman. “Of course. No trouble at all. I don’t drink coffee you know so there isn't any on. I’ll just go down to the kitchen and make you a fresh pot. Don’t you worry about the phones, I can pick them up from there. Just be a few minutes.” 
“Thank you my dear. I hate for you to go to such much trouble on my account.” 
“Not at all, Myles.” Pauline giggled nervously at her temerity in using Myles’ first name.  “I’ll just be a jiff. Why don’t you wait in Dominick’s office? You’ll be more comfortable.” Pauline swished off to make the coffee. 
As soon as she was gone Myles started checking Dominick’s desk. It didn’t take long and he found nothing. He was sitting in Dominick’s chair, trying to think of where to look next when his eye caught a scribbled notation on the blotter in front of him. Escapes Travel and a phone number. 
Pauline sashayed in with the coffee. “Pauline, thank you my dear, what a treasure you are. You wouldn’t mind if I made a couple of local phone calls from here while I have my coffee, hmm?” Pauline waggled her fingers in affirmation preparatory to some more inane conversation but he was saved by the bell. The doorbell that is and Pauline toddled off to take care of business. 
Five minutes later Myles was told by the helpful clerk at Escapes Travel that she couldn’t understand why Mr. Wilding didn’t have his ticket yet and she hastily confirmed Dominick’s agenda for a one way trip to Australia via South Africa. 
So. It was a double cross. Dominick was leaving the country with Myles’ formula and he was going to sell it to the South Africans. Well, he’d just see about that. Of course, Dominick didn’t know about the new weapon, but it wouldn’t take the South Africans long to figure it out.  Dominick was not going anywhere. 
Myles wandered out to the front office. “Thank you Pauline. Great coffee as usual. Just hit the spot. I’ll be on my way now. Oh, just one thing. Could you ask Dominick to meet me at the lab tonight? I have something urgent to discuss with him that just can't wait. I’ll be there all evening. I can count on you to get him there can't’ I?” 
“Of course, Mr. Hi.., Myles. I’ll see to it. Don’t’ you worry.” 
Myles blew her a kiss and sauntered out. Dominick would be there. He wouldn’t be able to stand Pauline’s whiny voice nagging him about it and he would be anxious to find out what Myles wanted.
 


 
Fifty-one
Annie had been in the speakeasy longer than she wanted but she had what she needed.  Wilding had indeed been here, in company with one of the regulars, one Michael, Mick, O’Shaugnessy, wanna-be tough guy and small time dope dealer. 
A good giggle with the locals and a few boilermakers later and Annie had a complete description and the man’s life story. One of the old guys at the bar had overheard part of the conversation between Dominick and Mick. Annie didn’t think this had anything to do with Sophie’s death but it was obviously a shady transaction of some kind. 
She decided to head out for the Skulls Club. Apparently, this Mick guy went out there once in a while to get kicked around and then came back to boast about gang exploits. Annie grimaced. It had been quite a while since she had seen any of the Skulls and those times brought back real bad memories. If it wasn’t for Chase she might still be spending some unpleasant time out there. That or she’d be fertilizing the daisies. 
By late evening, Annie had had enough of the Skulls. She had endured a lot of drinks, a few maulings and some open hostility and had essentially found out nothing. The gang members considered Mick O’Shaughnessy not much better than the guard dogs they routinely beat and half-starved and since he was not their social equal they had little interest in talking about him. During the course of the day she had picked up some useful information concerning one of her other cases but not much else. Annie had been out of this life for some time and while the bikers tolerated her hanging around, they no longer trusted her. 
Frustrated with her lack of progress, Annie headed home. She had gone about ten miles when she came upon a familiar turnoff that made her shudder. The Skulls kept an old shack hidden away for their initiation rites and other unpleasant uses. Most drivers on this road-and there weren’t that many, would miss this turnoff completely, but it was indelibly engraved on Annie’s memory. It was a narrow dirt track, almost completely hidden by trees and unmarked by any signs. 
Before she knew what she was doing, Annie had turned onto the track and was winding deeper into the darkness. The minute she realized it, she stomped on the brakes cursing.  Gradually Annie got herself under control. She was superstitious like Chase. If she turned onto this road, of all places, then there was a reason for it. Despite her reluctance to set eyes on the place again she would continue, but she was not going to announce her visit. She pulled off into some bushes and set off determinedly on foot.
 
 


Fifty-two 
Brian Cavanaugh had had enough of the good ole US of A. This assignment should have been given to a clerk for all the action he was getting, but, Brian reminded himself, he must remember what that formula could do to his country if it got into the wrong hands. 
So far, he had searched the biker’s house, the girlfriend’s house, the lawyer’s office and Myles Hickman’s home and the result had been a big fat zero. His orders were so restrictive that he could do little else and being a man of action he was getting extremely frustrated. 
Brian had thought at first that this would be a cinch. He had easily found the camp out in the Everglades. He had watched as Hickman tested his storms and had not been greatly astounded. Brian Cavanaugh was not surprised by much in this world. He was slightly surprised, however, to find that the storm itself was not what he sought, but the fruits that it left behind. Hickman and his cronies ran around afterwards gathering up what looked like rocks from where Brian watched and the rest of the trip was spent on studying these. 
It had not been difficult to filch a few samples and ship them back home for analysis even though it had taken the eggheads all this time to confirm the results. Myles Hickman was making diamonds, albeit low quality, from fulgurites resulting from electrical storms that Hickman triggered at will and over small areas. The eggheads had immediately gone into a total state of panic and Brian had been ordered to make as much haste as possible before the unthinkable became general knowledge in the diamond community. 
Through dogged detective work Brian had discovered that in all probability, Hickman and Wilding were the only two people who had seen Hickman’s devastating moneymaking formula as of yet. Other acolytes used on those initial trips to testing sites had been mostly unskilled labor and several of them had had fatal accidents. 
This narrowed the problem somewhat but Brian sensed that time was getting short.  Man-made diamonds produced in quantity and at low cost, would undoubtedly take over the industrial diamond market, which was enormous. Once Hickman went public with this formula South Africa would be economically destroyed and it followed that there would then be a domino effect on world trade in general. 
Finally, Brian got a break. Myles had been careless yesterday and Brian had trailed him to his laboratory. The formula had to be there. Brian planned to camp out in the woods tonight and sit tight until the scientist either left or went to bed. Then he would retrieve the formula and another disaster would be averted. 
Easier said than done, Brian thought wryly as he studied the rough sketch he had made of the laboratory and surrounding area. The place was far enough inside the State Park that roving park rangers were unlikely to be around but it was not going to be a pushover. The entire area was enclosed by an electrified chain link fence topped with barbed wire. There was only one small gate, barely big enough for a vehicle to pass through. The perimeter inside the fence was clear of any objects or vegetation for about ten feet and then there was another fence, about eight feet in height that looked to be just a regular fence. 
Between the two, four, nasty-looking pit bulls were let loose at night. Brian had briefly wondered how Hickman got away with building a place that looked like an armed camp, but then he realized that few people would see it at night. It was nicely camouflaged, seemingly cut out of the woods, the natural vegetation was left in place all the way around so that the fencing was screened by native trees and shrubbery. 
Inside the second fence, more trees as camouflage and inside those were assorted holding tanks, presumably for turtles and any other rescued wildlife that could not be kept at the marine center. Huddled in the middle were the buildings. A rough driveway ran from the gate to the smallest building, probably an office or living quarters. To the right of this was a much bigger building similar to an airplane hangar with no windows and only one small door visible. To the left, a small barn-like structure evidently used for storage of feed and equipment. Next to that, the dog kennels. 
The sketch was rough since Brian had been in street clothes and without equipment but as far as he could tell, there was no weak area in the fencing and there were windows in the back of the office, leaving no blind spot. The windows were blacked out. Myles Hickman could be out here working at night and the place would still appear deserted. 
Brian began planning his attack. No more the mild-mannered traveling salesman. Off came the heavy rimmed glasses, in went the contact lenses. It always tickled Brian’s weird sense of humor when he performed this transformation. He was a Gemini. That’s why he was such a good agent. He thought Superman must have been a Gemini. Getting in and out of that cape all the time. It took a special mindset and perhaps a twisted personality to be totally different characters at will. 
Once you walked on the wild side of international spying you could never be normal again. Life swung wildly between extreme gut-wrenching, terrifying danger to stultifying boredom. Brian grinned. He knew which side of the street his natural talent lay. Off came the baggy, rumpled suit revealing sinewy rock hard muscle as Brian dressed in black pants, boots and turtleneck. A combat knife fitted snugly in the small of his back beneath the turtleneck. This was Brian’s special weapon. Much more useful than a gun. Brian had carried several knives throughout his long career, each one identical to the last. He looked after it like a lover. It was a six-inch, single edge, serrated blade. The guard was stainless steel and the whole thing was beadblasted to prevent glare. He rounded the corners on the handle himself. The sheath was nylon to prevent noise and allow him ease of movement. Brian checked it over carefully before sliding it back into its sheath. 
Action at last. Long familiar tasks were performed with the precision of long habit. Brian checked his nine-millimeter and added extra clips to his pockets. He pulled out a black nylon holdall and began packing methodically. Night vision glasses. Extra ammo. Flashlight. A package of raw meat injected with enough tranquilizer to keep a horse asleep for a week. Wire cutters. And on it went. Brian regretted the need for stealth. He would dearly have loved to lob a few grenades and demolish the place single-handed but those days were over. He took inventory and then set about cleaning out his hotel room. He would not be back here again.
 



Fifty-three
Chase left a note for Shanna that he would be at the Indian Reservation most of the day. He fired up the old Ford and gave Jake the nod. Ecstatically, Jake bounced into the cab of the truck and sat in stately silence pretending to observe the world with disdain down his long fuzzy nose throughout the long drive to the Reservation. 
As soon as they arrived and the cab door opened, Jake was off, terrier nose bent to the scent, tail held high and waving fiercely like a predatory shark’s fin above the water mark.  Chase yelled after him. “Watch out for gators, you crazy mutt and don’t chase snakes.” 
Joe stood at his threshold, arms folded watching the new arrivals. “That’s a good dog. You ought to hunt him.” 
“Hunt him.” Chase laughed. “If Jake actually caught something that moved, he’d be back here so fast so you wouldn’t even see the dust. 
Joe grinned. “Come on in. We’ve got work to do.” 
Chase stepped into the house and looked around appreciatively. Joe’s house was attractively furnished with rough-hewn furniture, native art and a few scattered throw rugs on the Mexican tile floor. Chase settled into a cowhide chair and stretched his legs. “Um. Good coffee too. You’ll make someone a wonderful wife.” 
Joe ignored him and launched into a detailed description of his adventure with Willie, ending with the animal autopsies, which had revealed nothing out of the ordinary. 
Chase rubbed his temples. This thing was like a Chinese puzzle. After Joe had finished, Chase related the highlights of his trip to St. Augustine with Shanna and then told Joe of Kenny’s death. There was no way to break it easily and when he was done, Joe sat in silence for several minutes. Then he jumped up, grabbed his gun and rushed outside. 
Puzzled, Chase followed. Joe ran to a corner of the house, raised the gun in the air and fired off a round. Then he ran to the next corner and did the same thing. Chase followed wondering if his friend had lost his marbles as Joe fired off a round at each corner of the house.  At the last of the four shots the others came running, Willie in the lead. Joe was in the act of tying his gun to a tree. As Willie saw this he stopped dead in his tracks, did an about face and went tearing off in the opposite direction. 
Meanwhile, the others had scattered but soon returned carrying bundles of green wood. They set them in a circle around the house and as they did so Joe followed after them lighting the fire which soon put out enough smoke to set Chase coughing. 
When this was done, Joe sat down cross-legged within the circle. Chase started towards him but stopped when the other Indians shook their heads. Just then an old wizened little man hurried into the circle with Willie and a couple of others in attendance. They carried bowls of something obnoxious-looking with them. The old man offered a bowl to Joe from which he drank. One of the others set a larger pot down and Joe proceeded to wash himself with the contents. 
Willie motioned Chase back into the house. “You are privileged, white man, friend of Joe. There are not many of your kind who get to witness our death ceremonies.” 
Chase was aware of Willie’s politics. Joe had told him that Willie was descended from a family of Red Sticks, fiercely independent Indians who wanted nothing to do with outsiders and still remained aloof, even from the Seminole and Miccosukee, but Chase also knew that Willie had mellowed some in recent years and he liked the guy. Willie also was Joe’s closest friend and by virtue of association would accept Chase. 
“I thought he’d lost it out there. I’d like to hear it if you will share it with me.” 
Willie considered Chase gravely then shrugged. “We Indians believe that the dead journey for four days along the road you call the Milky Way. The boat you call the Big Dipper carries the souls along the Milky Way to the City in the Sky. There are numerous tests and temptations along the way and at the end of the path is a slippery bridge made of logs that stretches across a river which leads to the village of the blessed. It is guarded by a dog who attacks those wishing to cross seeking to dislodge them. Once there, a soul will never return.  However, sometimes souls do not start their journey immediately, and get lonely. They sometimes try to steal another soul to keep them company.” 
Willie waved Chase to a chair, indicating it would be a long story. He poured himself some water and then continued. “A violent death is especially harmful, as in this case. Since the dead person is not a relative, Joe will maintain silence for as long he deems necessary. Only Joe can determine the length of his silence. If a woman was mourning the death of someone close, she would maintain silence for four days and the green fire would be kept smoldering that long. The gunfire is to scare away the soul and hurry it on its path. If this is not done, the ghost might try to take the soul of someone here, causing a living person to sicken and die. The liquid you saw Joe drink and bathe in was prepared by our shaman. Anyone who has had anything to do with the dying person must both drink it and bathe in it. This prevents the soul from returning to camp.” 
Willie looked sideways at Chase. “Perhaps we should have the shaman make up a batch for you.” 
Chase had been close enough to that stuff to get a whiff. “Thanks. But I wouldn’t like to intrude on your ceremonies. I had only met the man twice, and the second time he was dead.” 
Willie’s eyes glinted. “You found him dead. The soul will attach to you. You endanger the camp. You must be purified.” He clapped his hands and a young boy appeared at the doorway. 
Shit. There was going to be no getting away from this. That bastard was actually going to treat him like an Indian just to get a good laugh. Chase knew damn well that Willie didn’t believe white men were even human, let alone capable of stirring up souls. 
Sure enough, a few minutes later the shaman showed up at the door with more of the foul stuff and Chase found himself standing meekly while the most disgusting-smelling stuff he had ever encountered was being poured down his throat. He swallowed fast, hoping to avoid the taste. The shaman then dumped the large pot unceremoniously over him. No luxury of discreetly bathing in it allowed for the white guy. Wet, spluttering and smelling like a dead hog that had been ripening, Chase was led outside to join Joe. 
Jake had shown up after all the ruckus to see if his master needed protection but at a distance of about fifty feet he wrinkled his delicate nose and decided his master was in no danger. Jake left the humans to their weird games and went back to his own. 
Chase didn’t know how long they sat in smelly silence but some time later Joe motioned him to get up and the two men returned to the house where they bathed, changed into fresh clothes and took up where they had left off. 
Joe seemed totally unaffected by the smell which still clung to Chase’s nostrils but he threw him a pack of dry cigarettes and waited for Chase to light up and inhale deeply before speaking. 
Joe poured himself some coffee. “Yesterday, when we got back from the wetlands, Willie sent out some of his best trackers. They found more burn sites, all north of here and extending into northern Palm Beach County. All had the same general characteristics. He sent out another team to scour the North Palm Beach, Jupiter area. They are expected back later today. Something weird is going on here man, and it’s killing our people and our lands.” Joe looked a little haggard. Aside from the recent ceremony, he told Chase he had been up all night working. “But damned if I know what it is. I mean it’s pretty obvious what it is, but why? What’s the purpose?” 
Chase reached into his inside pocket. He drew out Kenny’s little leather book and slid it over to Joe. “Perhaps that will tell us. I found it at Kenny’s place. He tried to hide it. I think Kenny knew what was going on and that’s why he’s dead.” 
Joe reached for the book just as Jake came tearing into the house at full throttle, a pack of dogs streaming behind him, a Chihuahua in the lead. Jake skidded to a stop behind Chase’s chair, wrinkling his nose comically. Chase and Joe looked at each other and burst out laughing. 
“Why don’t you take that hot shot macho mutt of yours and go look at one of the storm sites while I go through this. I’ll get Willie to take you before my house is destroyed by every dog on the reservation.” Joe rounded up the other dogs and escorted them out of his house. Jake had the grace to look slightly shamefaced but retained his position behind Chase’s chair. 
Chase wagged a finger at him. “Call yourself a dog, you hairball on legs? I should have left you home. Where’s your balls? A Chihuahua.” Chase shook his head in disgust. Jake hung his head. 
A few moments later, Willie arrived and they set off for the wetlands. Jake peered warily around the door and not seeing the enemy, he perked up and trotted haughtily at Chase’s heels. 
It took Willie and Chase about three hours to tour the closest burn spots and when they returned, Joe was practically doing a war dance with excitement. “You were right, Chase. Kenny knew what they were up to all right. You’re just not gonna believe this.” 
Chase dropped wearily back into the cowhide chair, Jake drooping at his side. “Okay, lay it on me man. I want to put Sophie to rest and get on with my life.” 
“It’s Myles Hickman without a doubt, and just like we thought, he is controlling lightning.” Joe waved the book at Chase in his excitement. “He collects the fulgurites left after the storm and from what Kenny has here in this book, he apparently has devised some method to convert them to graphite. Now it gets interesting.” 
Joe’s eyes gleamed. “Graphite is used to make diamonds, only this stuff is not the usual graphite. To make a diamond, graphite has to be subjected to very high temperatures and pressures. Hickman has been able to bypass this. Unbelievable. The man is a genius. He has devised some kind of super graphite from which he can make diamonds with very little effort and expense. They’re not gem quality diamonds mind, but industrial diamonds are in high demand world-wide.” 
Chase whistled. “Cheap, easily made industrial diamonds. Holy shit. That will put the diamond mines virtually out of business if he refines the process and starts making high quality stones.” 
Joe looked grim. “That motherfucker is killing our people and our lands for money. We’ve got to get him on the reservation, then we can dispense tribal justice.” 
“Hold on.” Chase jumped up. “We haven't got the whole story yet. If Hickman killed Sophie, it doesn’t make sense that he would have done it just because she found out he was making diamonds. We’re missing something. And what about Wilding? It could have been him.  We don’t even know where Hickman is. They told me at the Turtle Center that he had gone out of town for a while and Shanna says he doesn’t live at his house anymore. We need to know more. Was there anything else in Kenny’s book?” 
“Yeah. Just a couple of pages. Give me a few minutes and I’ll have it for you.” 
“Sure.” Chase wandered outside for a smoke. 
Four cigarettes later, Chase was watching a couple of Indians heading over to the administrative building where Willie was when a shadow fell over him and he looked up to find Joe standing in the doorway. “Well, what’s the word man?” 
“The word is war.” 
“War?” C’mon man, I thought we had that all sorted out, you can't go off half-cocked….” 
“No, man.” Joe stopped him. “Not Indian war. World-wide war with new weapons.” 
Chase was getting pissed. “What the fuck are you talking about, man? Cut the crap and get back on track. What are you talking about, new weapons?” 
Joe handed Chase Kenny’s book, open to the last page. “Lightning. Myles Hickman is going to start World War III with lightning. That’s what’s going on here. He’s been killing our people as a test for his new weapon. He’s crazy as a bed bug. He can make lightning on a massive scale, destroy whole cities with it. Kenny figured it out.” 
Chase stared at Joe in disbelief. “You’re shitting me.” 
“No, man. It’s all in there and that answers your question. Sophie was probably going to the authorities with that information.” 
Chase read the information Joe passed him and when he looked up again he whistled softly. The two men stared at each other while the import of what they had just read sank in. 
“Jesus Christ.” Chase was shaken. “What do we do? We can't go to the FBI or any of those guys. They wouldn’t believe us. A bunch of bikers and Indians with a Sci-Fi story. Oh god. Poor Sophie.” Chase looked inward and saw Sophie. He could not imagine the depth of her terror as she ran chased by a storm of awesome dimensions that tracked her down with lightning bolts so huge their power would have made Superman tremble. She must have choked on the ozone in her nostrils and the streaming water would have blinded her as she fled, seeking an escape she would never find. The noise would have deafened her and the silver flashes of the lightning strikes would repeat themselves behind her closed eyes, throbbing, terrifying strobe lights, until eventually one caught up with her. 
Chase choked down his anguish and wondered what other horrors Sophie had endured at the hands of Myles Hickman before he finally killed her. When he looked back up, the killing rage was in him and he saw it reflected back at him from Joe’s eyes.
 


 
Fifty-four
Shanna’s throat was dry. She could not remember ever being so thirsty and she was so hot, her hair was damp and sticky and sweat was pouring off her. She stirred restlessly. Something was wrong. She couldn’t seem to move. 
Shanna opened her eyes. She saw a roughhewn plank wall. It was covered in pornographic pictures. They were large and in color and very explicit. They showed different women all undergoing different methods of torture. They all depicted snuff scenes. Shanna knew what they were because a police officer friend of hers had once told her about a case he was working on where a teenaged girl had been abducted by her closest friends and killed making a snuff movie. Shanna stared stupidly, squinting her eyes in disgust. She refused to acknowledge what those pictures probably represented. 
She felt fuzzy, her mind working in slow motion. What kind of dream was this to be having? She realized she didn’t know what day it was or where she was. She shook her head to clear it and jerked sharply when she felt restraints on her arms and feet. The fear grew into terror. She was not dreaming. The fear threatened to black out thought and she fought to control it. She stopped attempting to move and turned her head. 
She was in some kind of shack or log cabin, in a small bedroom. She flexed her arm muscles and then tried to pull her arms down. Nothing clanked. She must be tied by some kind of rope. She was on a bed. She could feel a pillow beneath her head but could not feel any covers. She tucked in her chin and looked down. 
Shanna sucked in her breath in shock. She was naked. How had she got here? What had happened on the way? Why couldn’t she remember? She closed her mouth and fought down the urge to scream. She closed her eyes and shut out this new reality. She started talking to herself in earnest. Get control. You must get control. Think. Right now you are alone. You must put it together while you can. Here it is, girl. You found life on the edge. Now we’ll see what kind of stuff you’re made of. You can handle this. Yin and Yang. What goes up must come down. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. Cmn, girl. Work at it. You have a high IQ and I know you're not short of guts. Now you get the chance to prove it to yourself. 
Shanna kept her yin talking, but her yang quailed. Her yang was busy working on what was to come and that it involved blood and pain. Shanna shook with fear as her yang went through the litany of what was probably going to be done to her. Fiercely she shook it off. She thought of severely handicapped people who endured multiple surgeries, went through their entire lives with pain and suffering and maintained a sunny disposition and love of life that put lesser mortals to shame. Look what they could do without complaint. She would face whatever was to come as best she could. 
Shanna opened her eyes again. She didn’t know why that particular thought had come to mind, but it comforted her. She breathed deeply and evenly, slowing her pulse and again she took stock. She did not seem to be hurt. From what she could tell, she had no cuts or abrasions. No bruises. Nothing hurt. Therefore, the odds were she had suffered nothing more than the loss of her clothes. 
She was sweating because there was only a small window in the room and no fan. It seemed to be just a small room with a single bed and a chest of drawers. The light was on, but she could not tell if it was day or night. There was an ashtray on the chest of drawers full of cigarette butts. The top of the chest was scarred and burnt. The floor was plain cement, stained and scarred in patches. The door was across the room. There was nothing else but those awful pictures. 
Shanna spent a few moments twisting and squirming. She succeeded only in burning the skin on her wrists and ankles where the ropes held her. She rested and listened intently but could hear nothing except her own harsh breathing. Okay girl, start at square one. 
Last she remembered, Dominick had sent her out of the mediation to cover the office because Pauline was sick. She had just gotten herself a soda from the fridge when that squirley druggie that Dominick represented had shown up. Ugh. The man looked like he hadn't changed clothes in a week and he had a peculiar oddness to him that always made Shanna want to get as far away as possible in a hurry. She had tried to be polite, even accepted the soda he offered her. The soda. My god that was it. He had drugged her. That’s why she felt hungover. Now she could recall partial blocks of time. She remembered telling him she didn’t feel good, being carried to a car and she vaguely recalled a bumpy journey lying in the back seat. 
Shanna shuddered as the realization dawned on her that that piece of walking scum had kidnapped her, had undressed her. Her mind shied away from what else he might have done but she reasoned that she wasn’t hurt, didn’t feel like she had been in any way abused. Shanna grasped at that straw. Since she was naked, she could only assume that she was here to await the man’s pleasure. 
Thinking furiously, Shanna could not bring herself to believe that Mick O’Shaugnessy was bright enough or ballsy enough to have done this by himself and while he was without doubt a scum-sucking, bottom-dwelling piece of crud, he had not struck her as insane. He was flotsam, a hanger on, a groupie. Perhaps it was not he, whose pleasure she awaited. 
She must get out of here. She could not expect help. Chase was in Lauderdale, Dominick may or may not have something to do with this and anyway wouldn’t care and no one else would miss her. Shanna craned her neck and arched her back. The bed head was an old-fashioned iron railing type. Her wrists were bound not with rope, but with her own pantyhose. She could not pull herself up enough to reach them with her teeth and she was beginning to lose feeling in her fingers. 
She turned her attention to her feet. There was no rail at the end of the bed and it looked like a chair had been lashed to the bed in order to tie her feet, so her legs were not spread-eagled. She could get her feet together. Grimly she set to work, trying to get a toe hooked under the binding on her other foot.
 
 


Fifty-five
Chase and Joe were still deliberating what to do when the door burst open and Willie exploded through it. “The trackers are back. They found it. There’s some sort of compound up in the State Park in Hobe Sound, heavily camouflaged and secured like a top-secret military base.  The warriors are gathering now.” 
“Hold on.” Chase could see that Willie had already worked up his adrenaline. He had got his blood humming and was raring to go. “We need more information before any of us go tearing up there for a rumble.” Quickly he and Joe told Willie what they had discovered. 
“The way I see it,” Chase looked up at the other two from a map they had been pouring over, “we each have an agenda to fulfill, for Sophie, for your dead lost in the storms, for the desecration of the wetlands, but more than that, this man is mad. He will try to destroy the world for money and if we tried to tell anyone this we would be locked up in straight jackets, so I think we have to handle this ourselves.” 
Joe and Willie nodded their agreement. 
“But we can't just go tearing in there. From what your scouts told us Willie, this place is pretty well fortified. We must find out if Hickman has this weapon of his in there and we must destroy it. This is not reservation land. There will be consequences.” 
“Not,” said Joe thoughtfully, “if we destroy the place with the man’s own weapon. It will look like an accident of nature, and if Hickman was caught in it, who could tell any different?” 
“Yeah.” Willie broke in. “That compound is in a very remote area. We could take all the firepower we needed for a full scale battle and no one would see it or hear it, and if we set off that weapon thing afterwards, there would be no evidence left that anything went on there other than a storm.” 
“What about the rangers?” Chase asked. 
“Only one tonight and not close to that area of the park.” Willie replied. “We could set up a diversion, send him up into the northern end on some pretense that would keep him busy for the entire night.” 
Chase and Joe agreed. “Do it.” Chase said. “Joe, you and Willie get your men up there and in place late, let’s say about midnight. In the meantime I’ll go round up the bikers. We’ll meet here.” Chase pointed to a small clearing on the map about two miles from the compound.  “While I’m getting the brothers, you have a couple of your scouts check out that compound and see what they can find out about who’s in there and what it’s going to take to get inside. Then we’ll take care of Mr. Myles Hickman. One thing though,” Chase warned, “Hickman is mine.” 
Joe laid his arm on Chase’s shoulder. “We understand, my friend, but now there are bigger things at stake. We will try to save him for you, but we make no promises.” 
“Good enough.” Chase saw the practicality of the situation. “How will you get your men up there? We can hardly have a convoy of painted warriors trucking up the Interstate.” 
Willie snorted in derision. “You have no faith, white man. Our people have been traveling the entire state of Florida throughout our sojourn here. Yet you never see us? It is because you stay in the bright lights and city streets you built that ruined our lands. No one will see us, or hear us, but we will be there and ready.” 
Joe smiled and Chase nodded. It was true. The Seminole was as invisible to the average Floridian as a fairy at the bottom of the garden. The three men slapped hands. 
“Until tonight.” Chase whistled up Jake and left. He had a lot to do.
 
 


Fifty-six
Mick had left the cabin to call Wilding and let him know he had the girl. Mick couldn’t wait to get back. Snatching her had been easy. After the drug hit her, he just picked her up and headed down in the elevator, out the back door and into his truck. He had seen no one on the way. 
Mick didn’t like leaving her, even though she was out cold. He salivated as he thought of how he had undressed her, but there was not much pleasure in an unconscious body, even one as beautiful as that. He had not planned to undress her, just couldn’t resist it. The women in Mick’s life were nowhere near as fine as this. 
That fool Wilding was nuts if he thought he was going to have her all to himself. Mick almost didn’t go to make the call, but in the end, the anticipation would prolong the pleasure. Mick touched himself he hadn't had a poker like this in years. 
Mick liked his women helpless. It was even better if they begged. A little pain would get her begging for it. He had seen haughty ones like this before, they always broke first. Mick had been hard ever since he laid her on the bed at the cabin. He couldn’t wait. The degradations on the cabin wall would have nothing on what he planned for this one. Momentarily, Mick entertained the idea of filming it. The Skulls had the cabin set up for it. They did a lively business in snuff movies. 
Yeah, that way he could enjoy it over and over. He might even let Wilding see what he had missed but he must be careful. If one of the Skulls decided to visit the cabin, Mick would find himself on the outside looking in. A tasty piece like that would fetch a high price in the snuff movie market. Yes, Mick decided, he might keep her for a while. He liked taming the haughty ones. It would be fun to keep her naked, make her crawl around on all fours and suck his dick on command. 
Fuck Wilding. He belonged to Mick now. He would even have insurance if he kept the camera rolling when he finally let Wilding into the cabin. Yeah. That videotape would be priceless, Mick thought. He would move into Wilding’s office. Get himself one of those expensive suits and a fancy car and then he could get all the tail he wanted. 
Whistling, Mick headed back to the cabin.



 
Fifty-seven
Chase made good time to the bike club. He was buoyed with anticipation. Despite the magnitude of the situation, Chase was still focused where he had always been, setting things right so Sophie could rest at last. The world would always find another way to try to destroy itself. He was not overly worried about World War III. 
Jake picked up on his master’s mood. Something was up. He sniffed continuously, trying to catch the scent of excitement and as always when things got serious, Jake became a model of good behavior. He sat alert and quiet, awaiting the moment. 
Chase was in the clubhouse before the old truck stopped rumbling, Jake at his heels. He jumped onto the bar and rang the old ship’s bell that hung over it for just such a purpose. Heads turned and seeing Chase everyone bellied up to the bar. 
“Jingles”. The barmaid had earned this name when she first starting riding. She would always fall behind and get lost until the others, in exasperation, had threatened to tie a cowbell around her neck. “Jack, all around.” Chase turned to face his friends who were busy vying to get the first shot of Jack Daniels. “I found the guy who did Sophie.” 
Instantly there was a growl from the crowd of bikers that grew into a clamor for information. Chase got behind the bar with Jingles so he could have a central position. 
“I know you all loved Sophie and you want a piece of the action. You guys are my bro’s and I appreciate what you’ve done.” 
“Don’t even think about going without us.” Tank pushed through from the back of the crowd. “What that guy did, he did to all of us and we all want a piece of him.” There was a roar of approval from the rest of the group. 
Chase nodded in agreement. “I hoped you would feel that way. This thing has turned into a situation that you won’t believe. For any of you that want a rumble there’s going to be plenty of action tonight. Jingles, I’ll take over the bar, it’s on me tonight. You get on the phone and call the roster. I need everyone here by eleven. I want everyone to leave in small groups, we don’t want to call attention to ourselves by sounding like a mini bike week.” 
Chase got busy pouring another round of drinks talking as he poured. The men listened intently. When Chase was done he left them alone for a few minutes to chew it over. He and Jake walked outside to look at the sky. It promised to be another velvety Florida night, but in the distance he could hear the rumble of thunder. 
Tank joined him a few minutes later. “This is for Whitey too isn't it? He was a victim of this mad storm maker of yours?” 
Chase turned, reluctant to let go of his peaceful view. “I don’t know for sure, but it has all the earmarks.” 
“We’re with you, buddy. Jingles’s finished the roster. There’s not a man absent and most of them are bringing others. Funny world ain’t it?” Tank mused. “Most people out there think we’re dirty vicious thugs on drugs. You think we’ll be more respectable if we save the world?” 
“Not hardly.” Chase slapped him on the back. “And you’d hate it if that happened.” 
“Yeah. You’ve got a point. It’s hard enough to find time to ride as it is. Come on chief, let’s get this show on the road. I know you’ve got it all planned out. Lay it on us.” 
Chase turned back inside.
 
 


Fifty-eight
Dominick put down the phone and slapped his desk in satisfaction. Yes. Mick had Shanna under wraps and once the biker found out, that would take care of him for a while. Dominick had always wondered how Shanna would be, now he would find out and after that it didn’t matter.  He had, at first, only meant to keep her from gabbing to anyone but the game was almost over and Dominick was feeling the first rushes of power. 
He had been thwarted by Sophie. God, he had been looking forward to that. He had underestimated her. She was only a little thing and she looked so fragile but she had fooled him. The bitch had fought him tooth and nail. In surprise, he let go and she got away. He couldn’t risk that, so Dominick had grabbed Myles briefcase and turned the storm on. Myles had come tearing out of the supply shed, outraged that Dominick had the temerity to touch his invention. Did the fool think he hadn't watched him turn dials enough in the past to know how to do it? 
Dominick had missed the best part thanks to Myles who would not allow him to watch the operation of his infernal machine, so he had gone back inside and carefully checked for any presence of Sophie. When he came back out again the storm was over. 
They found her in the woods about a quarter of a mile out. Dominick wanted to spit on her. He could barely contain his rage at being bested. She had cheated him by dying. He picked her up and dumped her on the golf course later that night like a sack of garbage. He would dearly love to tell her asshole brother what he had done but he was afraid of him and Dominick was no fool. That was history. He had more important things to attend to. 
Yes. Shanna would be the icing on the cake and it would be payback time for all those times he had wanted to throttle her. Her and all the others over the years who had ditched him or refused to give him the time of day. The snotty bitches. Who did they think they were? 
But first there was Myles. Pauline had delivered her message no less than five times. She had pasted it to his desk, his chair, on his answering machine. She had even called him from home. What did the moron want now? 
Dominick was in two minds about going. He had a lot to do tonight. However, better to play it safe. It might be something about the formula. He would go and listen to Myles prattle on about whatever had his balls in an uproar this time. 
Dominick checked his watch. It was getting late. He started sorting out files and had the shredder cranked up. It would be easier just to set fire to the place but ever the lawyer, attention to detail was paramount. That was what set him apart. He forgot nothing. So Dominick went back to methodically destroying anything in his office that could potentially give the game away. 
Like most bullies, Dominick had a morbid fascination with violence and he was so involved in photographs of a decapitated accident victim that he didn’t hear the door open. He gradually became aware he was no longer alone when he felt a hard stare examining him with unwavering intensity. 
Dominick looked around to find a craggy-faced biker with steely blue eyes that weren’t the least bit friendly. There was something vaguely familiar about him and then Dominick realized what it was. So this was Sophie’s big brother. Hardly a Hell’s Angel but nonetheless, Dominick began to feel uneasy under that gaze. 
“Didn’t mean to startle you.” Chase remained standing in the doorway and coolly completed his appraisal of the lawyer. 
Dominick slammed a file drawer shut and leaned against it. “No problem. What can I do for you?” 
“I was looking for Shanna.” Chase advanced into the room. 
Dominick pretended an assurance he didn’t feel. He looked Chase up and down insultingly. “You must be her little biker buddy.” 
“Yeah, that’s me.” 
Dominick was disappointed not to have elicited a reaction. The man was cool. He really didn’t have time for games anyway. Who did this little twerp think he was, he didn’t look like much of anything. “Well, you’re out of luck. She’s not here and she won’t be back.” 
“Where is she?” Chase took a step closer. 
“Where you won't find her.” Dominick sneered. “Shanna was not a loyal employee. She couldn’t keep my business confidential. I found it necessary to chastise her a little.” 
“What have you done with her?” Chase spat. The man moved like a panther, so fast Dominick didn’t have time to get out of the way and he found himself spread-eagled on his desk. Chase had him by the lapels and was banging his head down on the desk. For once, Dominick’s hatred overcame his fear. He found the situation slightly ludicrous and was actually enjoying the man’s anger. 
“I have plans for her.” Dominick sneered. “Maybe she’ll end up the same as your sister.” He twisted suddenly and escaped Chase’s grip, which was fortunate, because the next blow would probably have broken the desk. 
Chase kept coming after him. “What do you know about my sister?” 
Dominick edged around the room. He wanted the satisfaction of telling this prick what he had done to Sophie but he could see from the man’s face that he would pay dearly for it and Dominick didn’t have time. There would have to be another opportunity. In the meantime he had to get out of there. He slid out his desk drawer and pulled out a.38 he kept for just such a purpose. Then he picked up the phone and called security before Chase could reach him. 
Holding the gun on Chase, Dominick continued packing his briefcase with one hand. “I’ll give you a clue, hot shot. Shanna and your sister both entertained some friends of mine out in a certain shack near the cane fields. If you hurry, you might be able to rescue this one.” 
Chase bellowed with rage and lunged but just at that moment, security arrived and the guards grabbed him before he could reach the lawyer. 
“Thanks Fred. Let him go after I’ve left. Okay? He’s just another upset husband whose wife is cleaning him out.” The guard nodded and Dominick sidled past the furiously struggling Chase. Now that the man was restrained, Dominick’s arrogance reasserted itself and he couldn’t resist a parting shot. “Your sister was a fighter too.” 
With an almighty effort, Chase almost succeeded in throwing off his guards, close enough that Dominick quickened his pace. He grinned in satisfaction as he headed down to his car. That would fix the prick for a while.
 
 


Fifty-nine
Annie crept up to the cabin. She shivered uncontrollably and it wasn’t the cold. Her body remembered this place even if her mind could block it out. Annie was one of the few people to have kicked the crack habit. Chase, mule-headedness and her money had saved her life. Fortunately for Annie, she hadn't known about the trust fund until after she was in rehab. 
Her proximity to this cabin brought back the nightmare of the time she had spent here. She had been forced into such degradation her mind would only skirt the edges even now and then as her habit grew, they didn’t need to force her. She grew bone thin. She forgot to wash and brush her hair. She aged ten years. The only thing she knew was the drug. It controlled her body and dulled her mind. It fed off her and it required feeding voraciously. It was a monster that lived inside her that blocked all thought. 
Annie stopped. With shaking hands, she lit a cigarette, careful to hide the flare of light. She smoked rarely, only in moments like this, using the smokes as an asthmatic would a rescue inhaler. She used the time to fight her way back to the present, reciting the litany of all her accomplishments like a mantra. Eventually she calmed and felt in control again. 
There was a light on inside but no vehicles around. God help her if there was another poor soul living in there and it seemed that there was. Well, if it wasn’t too late, Annie to the rescue. The bastards wouldn’t turn another woman into a living scarecrow if Annie could help it. 
Luckily they had been burning the cane today. The sickly sweet smell was overpowering. The smoke hung over the area like a thick fog obliterating vision in a few yards and the cloying smell clung to her nostrils. Annie sucked it in. It would overpower other smells. This was good. 
Annie pulled on a black ski mask she usually wore under her bike helmet. She reached down and picked up a handful of dirt, which she smeared on her face. Feeling better, she remained hidden in the edge of the sugar cane and skirted the cabin. There was no sign of anyone around outside. 
Quickly Annie sprinted to the back of the cabin, breathing a sigh of relief as she felt the rough wood rasp against her jacket. She put her back to it and waited for a noise. There was none. Cautiously she edged around the corner and checked the side. Nothing. Returning, she did the same the other side. Still nothing. Annie edged close to the window. Still with her back to the wall, she leaned back with her ear to the wall. She could hear nothing. After another look around, she was convinced no one was around and turning, she hoisted herself up on tiptoe to see if there was a crack in the blackout. 
No such luck. She was going to have to do this the hard way. Annie crept around to the front and inspected the door. It was locked and padlocked. No big deal. Annie could get in, but what would she find inside? She slipped her set of picks out of her boot and went to work. 
Five minutes later Annie took a deep breath, placed a large set of knuckledusters on her right hand, checked for the knife in her belt and eased open the door. She peered around it and shuddered as she saw the same crude furnishings that had always been here. She could taste the fear that had been aroused in this room over the years. Annie was afraid of nothing any more. Nothing but crack. Annie was ready but her feet were reluctant to go inside. She knew she ran the risk of again smelling the dope, feeling the crack in her nostrils, losing her soul back to the monster. 
She bit back her fear. She crawled inside on all fours and pushed the door gently closed behind her, making sure it didn’t latch. She pulled the ski mask over her nose physically trying to block out any hint of drugs that might be lurking in the furniture ready to send her back to hell. Only then did she look around. She already knew the place had not changed so Annie blocked that. She told her mind to accept only what was new and like a laser beam in the darkness, she swung her flashlight directly onto a pile of clothing, feminine clothing. Oh god. Another victim. 
Sweeping her light around quickly Annie saw that someone had been here recently. There was a bottle of vodka on the table and a full ashtray. An empty pizza box was thrown in a corner. As she well knew, there was only one other room in this cabin and reluctantly she killed the light and crawled towards the bedroom door.
 
 


Sixty
Chase was frantic. That little weasel couldn’t wait to tell him all about it but he didn’t have the guts so Chase would bet that he didn’t actually know where Shanna was. Chase had to meet Joe and the others at the rendezvous but he also had to find Shanna. Finding a shack in the cane fields would be like finding a tick on an elephant. 
He would never forgive himself if something happened to Shanna. He should never have dragged her into this. His rage and grief at Sophie’s death had made him careless of the safety of others. Shanna was a gutsy lady but she couldn’t play in this league. He must get to her before that bastard had time to make good his threats. 
Damn that little shit to hell. If he didn’t have Shanna, Chase would have carved him into little pieces a bit at a time, even if he had to hold off an entire police department to do it. It was not in Chase’s nature to control his actions and Dominick’s revelations that he had caused Sophie’s death had driven Chase beyond the edge. Only the restraint of the security guards had forced him to calm down. 
Chase checked his watch. He had a couple of hours, but to do what? Annie. Of course. Annie and Chase had no secrets. He remembered now. When he had visited her in rehab, Annie was cowering in a corner, sobbing with fear, eyes wild and terrified. Chase had persuaded the nurses to let him stay and try to calm her before they gave her any sedation and the whole terrible story had come out. Annie had endured horrors that no human being should have to go through and they had happened at a shack in the cane fields. Good Christ almighty. The Skulls had Shanna. Chase’s fury turned cold and deadly. He knew that Rose saw it in his eyes as she let him into Annie’s office. 
Rose backed up a step as he almost exploded into the office. “Chase? What’s the matter, has something happened to Annie?” 
“Not that I know of. Where is she?” Chase tried to leash back his anger. He knew that in this mood the bravest of souls found him intimidating at the least. 
“I haven't heard from her in a while. She took off this afternoon to some bar, checking up on a lead she got.” 
“Something to do with Sophie’s case?” 
“Yes. And then she called in later saying that she would be out at the Skulls Club for a while.” 
Chase knew where the club was. The Skulls had tried to recruit him a few years back and Chase had exerted all his diplomacy in refusing their offer. Since then they had maintained a wary respect with each other. It wouldn’t do him any good, however, no one out there would even acknowledge existence of the shack, let alone tell him where it was. 
Chase gazed at Rose thoughtfully. It followed that this shack must be reasonably close to the club. Far enough away not to be detected and close enough that they could shuttle back and forth without too much inconvenience. 
“Rose, have you got a map showing where the Skull’s Club is?” 
“I can do better than that. We have aerial photographs of that whole area. Annie got them some time ago when there was a murder out there we were working on. Is something going on out there, is Annie in trouble?” Rose asked anxiously. 
“No, no.” Chase soothed her. “I haven't been in touch with Annie. I’m sure she’s fine. She and I were working on different angles.” 
Although trying to soothe Rose, Chase’s demeanor was still all icy control and Rose became nervous, frantically digging through a file cabinet to find the photos. In the end she just threw everything out of it and scrabbled triumphantly on the carpet. “Here. I knew we had them.” She waved them at Chase who grabbed them, spreading them out on Annie’s desk. 
“Rose, get me a magnifying glass please.” 
“Sure thing. Coming up.” 
Chase poured over the photographs but there were so many, he would run out of time. 
“What are you looking for, perhaps I can help?” Rose was hovering behind Chase, trying to see over his shoulder. 
Chase straightened up and looked at her. “Are these things marked in any way so you know which is what?” 
“Sure. We have them cross-referenced. You see this number in the corner? I have a full description in the computer filed under that number.” 
Chase silently thanked the god of technology and his efficient assistant, Rose. 
“Well, fire that thing up and tell me which photograph the Skull’s club house is on.” 
“Sure thing, boss.” Rose scrambled back to her treasured machine. She pushed buttons and clicked things with competent ease and seconds later the magical information appeared on her screen. “Got it. Looks like it’s on EY7.” Rose came scurrying back to Annie’s desk and shuffling through photographs she grabbed one by the corner. “Bingo.” 
Chase went over it with the magnifying glass, inch by inch. Finally he looked up with a twisted grin that would have frozen the devil himself. “Map?” 
Rose hastily spread out the map and Chase made a few notes. He folded up the map and slid it into his jacket pocket. 
“Got to go, Rose. Thanks.” 
“Wait.” Rose hurried after him to the door. “You’ll let me know later, I mean,” Rose stammered, “I haven't heard from Annie. I’m going to wait here until she calls in.” 
Chase laid a hand on her arm. “Sure Rose. Be cool. I’m sure Annie is okay but I’ll check back in with you as soon as I can, okay?” 
“Thank you.” Rose adjusted her glasses and went back to her desk. 
Chase fired up the panhead and roared off towards the glades.
 
 


Sixty-one
Brian had a little time to kill before he could go out to the laboratory. He had spent the afternoon obliterating any signs of his presence. The black Ford Explorer had been returned and Brian had been downtown to Clematis Street and “borrowed” a black Camaro for tonight’s expedition. Brian spent a lot of his life waiting. That’s what he did, eighty percent waiting, twenty percent action, but tonight he was having a hard time. He had been inactive for too long and he could not stand to be so any longer. The Camaro handled beautifully and Brian decided to tool around for a while. He would check out all his areas of investigation and see if anything was happening anywhere. 
Hickman’s house was a bedlam of noise. As Brian cruised by he saw that Alicia Hickman was not wasting any time grieving over the loss of a husband. She had a socialite lawn party in full swing. There must be two hundred people wandering over her beautifully manicured lawns and there was a swing band belting out Glen Miller of all things, loud enough to be heard in West Palm. Nothing here. 
Brian wound down the windows, enjoying the balmy night air. He crossed back to the mainland and headed south, cruising just below the speed limit. A little while later he passed the Turtle Rescue Center. It too was dark and empty looking. Apparently no one tended the baby turtles at night. Brian kept driving south. 
Some twenty minutes later Brian pulled into the parking lot of Dominick’s office building. He parked unobtrusively between two vans and sauntered towards the walkway. He intended only to case out the lobby. There would be few people around at this time of day and Brian did not intend to be remembered by anyone but when he got there Brian was surprised to find the place quite busy. So much for the myth of lazy American workers. 
Changing plans, Brian nodded casually to the security guard and walked purposefully to the elevators. Five minutes later he was inside Dominick’s office. A cursory glance told him there was probably nothing new to be found but just on the off chance he would check the phones. He already knew that Dominick taped all conversations that came in on his private line.  He spent a few minutes listening to a sickening conversation between Dominick and some woman friend and then his interest quickened as he listened to the next call. 
Brian recognized the voice. He had heard it before. The guy in the leather duster.  Dominick was not too smart for a lawyer. He had caller ID. A moment later Brian had the number where the call had originated. Quickly he whipped out a handy little gadget that was worth its weight in gold and attached it to Dominick’s phone. He dialed and within moments had the address he needed. 
Brian checked his watch. He had time. The address was a bar outside of town. With a little luck leather duster might still be there. Might as well check it out. It would give the Camaro a good run.
 
 


Sixty-two
Annie opened the door and shone her flashlight directly on the area where she knew the bed was, fully intending to blind the occupant into freezing like a rabbit caught in headlights. She succeeded. Tousled red gold hair and enormous gray eyes sprang into view. The eyes were terrified but defiant and not a sound came from their owner. 
Chase’s new lady. Good for you girl, Annie thought. Chase would never pick a broad without grit. He had fine taste, that one. Annie put down the flashlight and set to work with her knife on the ropes. She realized that to Shanna she must look almost as terrifying as Jack the Ripper. She grinned, making matters worse. 
“Cavalry to the rescue. It’s your lucky day, sweet pea.” Annie replaced the knife while she waited for Shanna to get up. 
Shanna eyed Annie warily as she frantically rubbed circulation back into her wrists. “Who are you?” 
Annie touched her forehead in mock salute. “Right now, I’m your best buddy and we don’t have time to chat. Save it till we get out of here, okay?” 
Shanna was now rubbing her ankles. “Beat you to the door.” 
Annie reluctantly admired the bravado. She would dearly love to dislike this girl. Women with looks, brains and guts were just too much. Where had lil ole Annie been when the looks were handed out?  She picked up Shanna’s clothes and threw them to her. “Grab these, but don’t wait to put them on. We have to make tracks. Now.” 
Annie turned and headed out the cabin. She could feel Shanna so close behind, her breath was warm on Annie’s neck. They almost collided when Annie stopped at the door. “On second thought, you’ve pretty fair skin, you’ll light up out there like neon. Put something on but hurry.” 
Cautiously Annie opened the door and reconnoitered while Shanna fumbled behind her with her clothes. “Ready yet?” Annie whispered urgently not taking her eyes from the scene outside. 
“Ready.” 
“Shit.” Annie backed up a little, partially closing the door. 
“What?” This time Shanna did bump into her. 
“Shush.” Annie silenced her with a look. Headlights were winding up the road. In one second they would be caught in them. Too late to run now. She backed into the cabin. 
“What?” Shanna had enough spunk left to be demanding. 
“Cool it. Your boyfriend’s back.” Annie replied calmly. 
“Well for god’s sake we can’t stay here, we’re trapped.” Shanna sounded like she was going to lose it any minute. She made a break for the door. 
Annie’s hand snaked out and grabbed Shanna by the hair. 
“Quiet. He’ll hear you. Get back in the bedroom. Here, watch through the door while I try the window.” Annie pulled a small can of oil out of her jacket. Gently she pried the window with her knife where the paint had sealed it shut and followed it with oil. Then she pushed. Nothing. She tried again and pushed harder, praying. 
“Hurry.” Shanna was getting frantic. “I hear someone coming.” 
Annie switched from prayers to curses. The window started to give. Annie eased it up, teasing it slowly. Her muscles strained and under her breath she dared it to squeak in language even she had forgotten she knew. 
Breathing heavily but triumphant she turned to Shanna. “Quick. Don’t make a sound. When you get out, stay in the cane field close to the road. It looks bad, but if you push through the first yard or so you’ll find an irrigation ditch running the length of the field. My bike is almost at the end. Can you drive a bike?” 
Shanna shook her head. “He’s at the door.” Shanna sounded terrified again. 
“Go.” Said Annie urgently. 
Shanna left her post behind the bedroom door and climbed quickly to the windowsill. “What about you?” 
“Just go. If I don’t come out in a few moments hide in the cane until morning. No matter what.  Now.” Annie started closing the window, forcing Shanna to let go. She watched as Shanna looked up at her, face taut with indecision and then ran, heading for the cane field.  Annie started to open the window again and heard a key turn in the lock behind her.
 
 


Sixty-three
Myles had been busy. If Dominick was bailing out, that meant he had the formula, but only for the diamonds. Myles was certain that Dominick had no inkling whatsoever there was anything else. The double cross was bad enough but it could be contained, unless Dominick had the storm machine prototype. He had access to the compound and it was something Dominick would do. Dominick could convince the South Africans a whole lot easier if he could demonstrate Myles’ diamond-making machine. Nevertheless, Myles was not overly concerned. The trap was set and Dominick would come and if he had the machine he would keep it close. Dominick would show up at the lab tonight. 
Myles paced tensely. He had returned to the house in Jupiter, not even caring if Alicia was home. He almost hoped she was. Right now, he’d love to strangle the bitch, just to release some tension, but it was her lucky day. She was off somewhere on one of her shopping jaunts. 
Myles had removed everything from the safe, trashed everything he could find that would piss off Alicia and was now nervously pacing the study floor while he contemplated his next move. He had reached endgame. Dominick must be disposed of tonight. No one else had enough information to matter. Myles had siphoned off enough money to complete his plan but the agenda was now immediate instead of several months down the road. 
Still pacing, Myles went over everything again. He couldn’t find any loose ends. Once he got rid of Dominick, Myles would be home free. The only thing left to do was pick an appropriate target and a base of operations. He had Alicia’s helicopter pilot on standby for tonight and had paid him well to keep quiet. Once in the air, Myles could land virtually anywhere in the country and disappear from there. 
Satisfied, he took another look round the study. Christ he was glad to get out of here. He picked up his bags, slammed the front door and took the steps two at a time, whistling.
 


 
Sixty-four
Mick kicked the cabin door shut behind him. He threw a six-pack into the cooler and set a bottle of Wild Turkey on the table. He would have a little celebration before the party started. Actually, he had started already. When he left Dominick’s office Mick headed for his favorite bar. He did a line of coke in the men’s room and then sat for a while doing shots while he contemplated his future. Finally, he figured that Dominick hadn't tried to follow him and it was safe to go back. Mick took a swig from the bottle and wiped his hand across his mouth. What a night little Mickey O’Shaugnessy was going to have. He would have his party first and then he would set up the camera and invite Dominick over to see what was left of his package. 
Too bad he couldn’t share it. Mick had been sorely tempted to brag to his cronies. It would have been even better to let them come out and party with him but even Mick wasn’t that stupid. The Skulls were everywhere and they would cut him into little pieces and throw him to the hogs if they got word of his little solo operation. 
Enough. He would have his fun now. Mick took a long swig of booze and set the bottle down with a thump. Weaving slightly, he staggered over to the bedroom door and kicked it open with his foot. For a second, Mick stood, staring stupidly. Why was the bed empty? Where was she? Mick turned to look behind the door. He just had time to register a flashing gleam of gold before he felt a crashing pain in his jaw. The pain almost made him vomit. Someone must have clobbered him with a sledgehammer. Mick staggered backward, fighting for balance. 
A skinny banshee wearing knuckledusters covered in his blood came tearing out from the behind the door. She kicked him soundly in the nuts and ran for the front door. Howling with pain, one hand on his balls the other cautiously feeling his jaw, Mick struggled to stand upright.  Must be a Skulls bitch. Must stop her before she could get back to the others. Mick snatched up his gun and gave chase, hobbling along in agony, but his fear gave him speed. 
Outside, the banshee was putting pedal to the metal. She could run like a rabbit and she was getting difficult to see in the dark. Must stop her, Mick thought sluggishly. He reached his truck and sagged across it breathing heavily. Then he pulled up his gun arm and rested it on the roof. All that Wild Turkey wanted to come back up real bad. Sweating, panting and bleeding, Mick steadied the gun with both hands and sighted carefully. It was now or never. He squinted in concentration, never taking his eyes off the bitch in black as he tightened his trigger finger. Mick fired all six rounds. 
The banshee cried out and crumpled to the ground. Good, got the bitch. Mick had just enough sense left to know he was really screwed up and that he better clean up this mess fast. 
Fumbling, he reloaded. Then he started walking slowly towards whoever it was that broke his jaw and ruined his sex life for a month. Reaction was setting in. This was his second kill. It had been much easier than the first. I guess it’s like doing anything else, Mick thought, practice makes everything easy. Maybe I can just dump her in a cane field where they’re burning. They’ll never find her. Christ, they’ll never even smell her over the stink of sugar. Mick giggled, one way to sweeten up a sour pus.
 
 


Sixty-five
Chase was cruising slowly up the lane towards the Skulls cabin, unsure of his direction. He stopped to check his map. The cane fields all looked the same. He tied a bandana over his face to keep down the dust and the smell. Good job they were burning out here. Apparently Myles Hickman hadn't tested his toy in this area. It looked as though they hadn't had rain in months. If they didn’t do a controlled burn the whole lot could go up with a cigarette butt. 
Satisfied he was heading in the right direction, Chase had just reached for the throttle when he heard something. Sounded like an animal crashing around in the cane field. Chase straightened up trying to locate the direction of the sound. Off to his left. Quietly, Chase eased off the bike and lowered the kickstand. Whatever it was, was in an almighty hurry. 
All Chase’s attention was riveted on the cane field in front of him. He stepped carefully, heading towards the swaying cane. The reports, when they came, instantly stilled him. Gunshots, six of them. Not too far down the lane. Shanna. Oh God. He thought he heard someone cry out. It sounded like a woman. The thrashing sounds had stopped. 
Chase spun around, headed for the bike when the cane started rustling again. Louder this time. Damn it. He couldn’t deal with some wild hog now. He had to get to that cabin. If it wasn’t too close he could make it to the bike first. Chase leapfrogged onto the seat and began kicking the starter. 
“Chase.” The cry from behind him was anguished. 
Chase turned his head. An apparition with red gold hair half fell, half stumbled on all fours out of the cane. Shanna clawed her way towards him, half dressed, mutilated by scratches. Her hair was wild and full of leaves, her feet were bare and bleeding, her huge wood smoke eyes were full of pain, but God she looked beautiful. 
“Chase. Thank god. Hurry.” 
Chase shimmied off the bike and raced toward Shanna, grabbing her up in a near fatal bear hug. He held on and squeezed even tighter, unable to say a thing. Shanna went limp in his arms and finally he let go, afraid he had hurt her. 
Shanna was tugging on his arm, still fighting for breath. “Chase. The shots. She’s still back there. Help her. She..” 
“She? Who? Shanna what happened?” Chase stroked her soothingly, picking twigs out of her hair while he surreptitiously checked for any sign of severe injury. Chase picked her up and half carried, half-dragged her into the shadow of a nearby tree, checking the lane for signs of company. 
Shanna took no notice of her cuts and scratches. She took a deep breath and started again. “They had me captive in a cabin back there. Someone came to help me. I don’t know who it was but she shoved me out the window and that, that..” Shanna shuddered and started again urgently.  “He came back before she got out. She told me to stay in the cane until morning if I couldn’t find her bike and then I heard the shots.” Shanna shoved Chase away from her and gathered the remnants of her clothes around her. “Goddammit Chase Larsen, do something. That woman saved my life.” 
Even in this situation, Chase had to grin. This was the damndest woman. He got up relieved that Shanna was back to her ornery self. There had been no further sounds from the direction of the cabin. “Stay here and be quiet. No exceptions. No arguments. I can't be worried about you when I don’t know what’s going on up there.” 
Shanna nodded meekly. This in itself was suspect. 
Chase had half turned around when it struck him. Bike. “Shanna. This woman had a bike? What did she look like?” 
“I don’t really know. It was so dark. She was all in black and she had mud on her face but she was very thin.” 
Annie. Chase turned to Shanna once more. “Get back in the cane. Find Annie’s bike. She usually carries a cell phone in her saddlebags. If I’m not back in thirty minutes call the cops. Don’t move a muscle unless you see me understand? We don’t know what’s going on up there or how many there are.” 
Shanna nodded. She turned to go, then turned back holding onto his arm. “Be careful Chase. Hurry. Please find her in one piece.” 
Chase nodded. He wanted to hug Shanna again but he turned and melted into the shadows. He was seriously worried about Annie. There had been no sounds since the gunshots but a noise like that didn’t go undetected out here. Before too long there would be Skulls on this trail. And there had been no sign of Annie. If she wasn’t hit she would have been making a ruckus by now. 
Chase moved fast, silently thanking Joe and his friends for the lessons they had given him in tracking. Even in boots he made little sound. The trail started to widen out a little and Chase slid into the bushes. Hugging the shadows, he made his way towards the cabin. Visibility was almost nonexistent. There was no moon and the cloud of smoke caused by the earlier burning of the cane fields hung sullenly over the area, further darkening visibility. The only light spilled out from the cabin door. 
There was a truck parked in the driveway, its driver’s door hung open. Chase spotted movement by the truck and froze in mid stride. A shadowy form reached in and switched on the headlights. The beam of light blazed out and caught a small figure in its beam. The figure was lying still and silent. It looked like a broken rag doll. Annie. Chase felt the rage rise up in him red and hot. A feeling all too familiar. This was not the time. He willed it back, feeling it turn black and implacable. 
The figure at the truck started walking toward Annie. He wore a leather duster and carried a gun. Chase had seen that leather duster before. It would make a good shroud. Chase glanced at the cabin weighing his options, which weren’t many. There was only one truck. No other noise. Chances are there was only one person here for now. If he was wrong he would be dead. 
Chase was at a ninety-degree angle between the gunman and Annie. He had no time to get behind him. Evidently the leather duster was going to finish off his kill. He was a pretty cocky bastard. It had been some time since the original shots rang out. Why hadn't he finished her earlier? What had he been doing? From a purely professional viewpoint, this was sloppy work at best. 
Chase did not dare to hope that Annie was still alive. Too much time had passed. Although, in reality only a few moments, it seemed much longer but Chase knew that Annie would have used that time to scramble for cover. Perhaps the scum who shot her thought that too. Annie was lying on her face, one arm bent under her. He had shot her in the back. There had been six shots. It was too dark to see anything. What were the chances he had missed with all of them except one? 
Chase well knew that one could be all it took but in these conditions there was a chance. Even with the headlight beam hitting her, Chase could not tell if there was much blood visible. Well, if he was to try and stop that walking piece of shit from putting a bullet in Annie’s brain, there was only one way to do it. 
Chase picked up a good-sized branch and lobbed it out in front as far as he could. It landed with a crash and stopped leather duster in his tracks but the man made no move to investigate, or even to douse the lights. Then Chase saw the open bottle in his other hand. Drunk. Or high, or both. That made him unpredictable, and depending on what he was on, very strong. The only chance Chase had was to rush him. 
Leather duster started walking towards Annie again. Chase kept pace in the bushes.  Leather duster dropped the bottle and kicked Annie so hard her body rolled over onto her back. He raised the gun. Chase bellowed a blood-curdling Viking yell. He erupted from the bushes at warp speed, still bellowing and dove into a flying tackle any pro would have been proud of. 
Chase crashed into leather duster at top speed and they both went down but leather duster still had hold of the gun. Winded, the man had enough presence of mind left to point it at Chase. 
Something hurtled by Chase and embedded itself in leather duster’s arm. He yelped and let go of the gun. Chase knew that knife. Annie. She was alive. 
Chase didn’t take his eyes of his adversary. The man was wounded but Chase was unarmed and of much smaller size. Scumbag grabbed for the bottle as Chase risked a glance to see where the gun had landed. Chase had his back to the truck trying to force the other man into position where the headlights would blind him. He didn’t quite make it. 
Leather duster had apparently had enough too. He pulled the knife from his arm and started a throw aimed directly at Chase’s chest. Instantly Chase knew it was a killing throw but it was never completed. Instead, the man’s knees buckled slowly and he dropped, face down in the dirt. There was a large knife stuck in the middle of his back. Large enough to have gone right through his heart. 
Chase crouched warily searching the darkness for the source of that throw. 
“Sorry to spoil your fun old man, but there seem to be a bunch of bikers headed this way.” 
Chase stared at the man who had emerged from the other side of the road. The man coolly strolled over and placed a sneakered foot callously on leather duster’s back while he pulled out the knife, wiping it off on the duster. 
Combat knife. Chase registered this without comment. “I don’t know who the hell you are, but thanks, man.” Chase threw this over his shoulder. He wasted no time getting to Annie. Chase crouched down and gently took Annie in his arms. She seemed to grin at him, finding something funny. Chase was dismayed. There was a lot of blood and even in the gloom, Annie’s face was very pale and contorted with pain. “Where are you hit?” 
Annie coughed and held onto Chase’s arm as he raised her up a little. “Back. Only got me once though.” Again the grin flashed painfully. “In the butt.” 
“Excuse me.” The stranger had a South African accent. “I don’t mean to intrude but like I said, company’s coming.” The man raised his eyebrows inquiringly. 
Now Chase could hear it. The low rumble of bikes in the distance. Skulls. If leather duster had been one of their own, they would all die a slow death. If he hadn't, they probably couldn’t expect much better. 
Chase glanced at the stranger and held out a gloved hand. “Chase Larsen. I owe you one.” 
“My pleasure,” returned the stranger.  “Brian Cavenaugh, at your service.  Might I suggest moving the little lady? Although painful, it will probably be infinitely preferable to the alternative. I have a Camaro stashed down the road a bit. It will be my pleasure to take her to the hospital. I do so admire spunk in a woman.” 
“You again. I might have known you’d turn up here.” Annie was not inclined to be polite. “No hospital.” Annie groaned. “And I ain’t no lady.” 
Chase had pulled off his tee shirt and was busy trying to staunch the flow of blood. “Behave Annie. Yeah. Good idea, but she’s right. No hospital. I’ve got a lot of questions for you pal. For now I’ve got no choice but to trust you. You familiar with the area?” 
“No and I can't say I want to be but I do have a map in the car.” Brian bent down and together they hoisted Annie fireman fashion onto Chase’s back. 
“This way.” Brian waded into the bushes, away from the cane with Chase close behind. 
The bikes were getting closer. Chase forced himself to move as carefully as he could but he had to get to Shanna too. He hoped Shanna would obey him for once and stay well hidden. The two men fought their way through the bushes in grim silence. Periodically Chase squeezed Annie’s hand to reassure himself she was still breathing. Eventually they came out into a small clearing. Chase was relieved to see the Camaro. While Brian opened the door, Chase carefully eased Annie down into the seat. 
“Annie, can you hear me?” Chase shook her gently. 
Annie nodded wearily. 
“I have to get Shanna. I don’t have time for directions. Tell this guy how to get to the club, can you do that?” 
Annie stuck up a thumb. 
Chase ran a hand down her cheek saying softly, “that’s my girl.” Chase straightened up.  “Like I said man, I don’t know who the hell you are or how you got here but Annie will get you to the bike club. The brothers will take over from there. Stick around will you? I won't be far behind and I have a feeling we have things to talk about.” 
Brian nodded curtly. He was already behind the wheel. He eased the door closed without shutting it and let out the brake. The car started bumping silently over the clearing. 
Chase watched him go for a moment and then whirled around, heading back for Shanna.  The first Skull had reached the cabin. Chase heard the shouts of discovery. In short order they would be combing the neighborhood.
 
 


Sixty-six
Joe and Willie stood at the edge of the laboratory compound. Joe whistled silently.  “This is some place. I thought you were a little nuts wanting half the tribe up here and Chase getting the bikers too, but now I see why.” 
“Yeah.” Willie stared at the compound in front of him. “He’s not going to open the door and let us in.” Willie grinned ferociously. “It will be like old times. Kill the white man. Too bad we have to share.” 
Joe frowned. “Cut the crap, Willie. This thing is too big now for either our revenge or Chase’s. This madman must be stopped.” 
Together the two men circled the compound. Near the front entrance Willie gave a low whistle and one of his scouts instantly materialized. “Tallfeather, anyone in there?” 
“One man arrived three hours ago.” Tallfeather pointed toward the Mercedes parked in front of the middle building. “He stayed inside most of the time, but at dark he released dogs.” 
Both Joe and Willie had seen the dogs circling the compound between the fences. They were mean and hungry looking but of little consequence to the Indians. Each would be stopped by a well-placed arrow. 
All three men melted into the darkness seconds before the sound of an engine could be heard and headlights blazed a trail to the compound gate. A park vehicle pulled up and blew its horn three times.  Moments later, the door of the smaller building opened and a man stepped out, striding angrily towards the fence. 
Joe stared expressionless. So this was the creature who had taken Sophie’s life and would now obliterate people indiscriminately. 
“Yes? What is it?” Myles snapped at the ranger. 
“Sorry to disturb you, sir.” The ranger tipped his hat. “Got a wild fire at the north end of the park. All available personnel have been called out. Just wanted to let you know there will be no one here in your sector, probably until morning.” 
“Oh. Sorry to hear that.” Myles paused then said belatedly. “Thanks for letting me know.” 
“Glad to be of service. It’s too far away to be any danger down here.” The ranger tipped his hat again and with a few more pleasantries he drove off. 
The Indians watched silently as the madman with the fate of the world in his hands stalked back to his infernal machine. 
“I’ve seen enough here.” Joe turned on his heel and he and Willie headed back to their temporary campsite. “Was there no other way to cause a distraction than by destruction?” 
“No.” Joe could see that Willie too was troubled by this. “A fire was the only way to ensure that everyone would be up in the northern sector. Our men were careful. We picked land that needed burning. The blaze will be big enough to keep them busy, small enough to do as little damage as possible. After all,” Willie said, “if we fail tonight, then there will be no parkland anyway.” 
“You’ve got a point.” Joe nodded grimly. “Let’s get back to camp and see what we’ve found out. Have you set scouts to watch for the bikers?” 
“Yes.” Willie nodded. “We’ll stop them further away than the camp. Our men will be the first wave to retain the element of surprise. After that the bikers will roar in and hopefully scare everybody to death.” 
Joe ignored Willie’s sarcasm. Really, it was a good plan. The bikes had the maneuverability to go almost anywhere in the woods and once an opening was made in the fence, they could race through even a narrow space. Even more importantly for a bunch of men fighting together who didn’t know each other, it was going to be easy to tell who was who. Anyone who was not wearing war paint or dressed in leather was the enemy. Joe hoped the bikers didn’t arrive too soon. They might be difficult to restrain. On the other hand, Chase had briefed them so perhaps Joe himself was guilty of a little stereotyping. Joe had faith in Chase. If Chase said his guys were okay, then they would be okay. Joe must just keep Willie away from them or all hell would probably break loose in short order.
 
 


Sixty-seven
Vroom. With a twist of the throttle, Chase burst out of the lane and roared onto the highway. He cut the corner so close they almost went horizontal. Shanna hung on for dear life. Her long hair whipped around them in a Medusa-like whirl. She tried desperately to keep her bare feet from touching any of the hot metal pipes and she clung to Chase like glue. Irreverently it occurred to her that she would have to shave her head. She would never get a comb through her hair again after this. 
Chase reached the highway and straightened out. Shanna had no idea of their speed but they were racing the wind. She knew it had to be well over a hundred miles an hour. She refused to think about oncoming traffic. The bike flew into the night and Shanna’s thoughts flew with it. She prayed that Annie would be all right. She knew who had rescued her now, Chase had told her about Annie before. Instinctively she knew that Annie was desperately in love with Chase. 
Ruefully, Shanna thought she was acting just like a woman. Half dead, rescued from unspeakable acts, flying for her life, she was thinking girl thoughts. It must be some kind of traumatic shock reaction. At least she wasn’t screaming and blubbering. 
What about Mick O’Shaugnessy? Why had he taken her? Shanna shuddered as she thought of what might have happened. Mick was dead now. They could not ask him about Dominick. Dead. The man was dead. Good grief. There were going to be police and reporters and God knows what else. And who was that other man? What the hell was going on here? 
Shanna laid her head on Chase’s back hoping this would keep her hair from lashing her face. She found this protected her from the wind a little and was easier on her eyes. It even soothed the turmoil of her thoughts a little. It was a surreal feeling, this flying into the night. She knew now what it was that the bikers knew. A wild kind of freedom, a oneness with the wind, the feel of the iron machine between her legs like they were melting into one living creature alone with the elements. 
There was a noise behind her. Shanna turned her head. Bikers. Lots of them. She tapped Chase on the back. He glanced in his rearview mirror and nodded. Shanna felt the bike kick up another notch. At this speed they were risking certain death, whether from oncoming traffic, a patch of oil in the road, or a critter crossing the road. Shanna shut her eyes and surrendered to the wind. 
After a few minutes she could stand it no longer. Shanna risked another peek behind her. One or two of the bikers seemed to be gaining on them. They were more strung out now. She turned back and felt rather than saw the stab of light reaching out to lock them in its glare. A semi, coming fast. There was a curve in the highway. That’s why they hadn't seen the lights before. Chase glanced behind him once. 
The bike slowed a little and then suddenly swerved into the path of the oncoming semi. This time Shanna did scream. The semi filled her vision and she knew she would die. Thankfully, her arms had been practically locked around Chase or she would have been thrown and her body was so knotted up she couldn’t otherwise disgrace herself. The semi reacted with screaming brakes. It swerved wildly trying to avoid them and the driver had his hands full trying to keep the truck on the road. He didn’t have time to see the oncoming bikers. 
Chase swerved neatly back and flashed past the oncoming truck. Shanna willed her muscles not to let go now. She heard the squealing brakes and sickening grind of crunching metal as the semi plowed into the oncoming bikers, scattering them all over the highway. Chase didn’t pause. He bent low and the two of them raced away to safety. 
Later, when they pulled into the club, Chase swung off the bike and strode away without a word. He passed the stranger who was slouching nonchalantly at the bar having a beer with two of the boys. “Be right back. Got to check on Annie first.” 
Brian acknowledged with a wave and continued drinking. Shanna saw him watching as she climbed painfully off the bike and hobbled towards the club. 
Shanna watched Chase’s retreating back before she returned the other man’s stare. “Who the hell are you?” 
Brian bowed slightly. “Brian Cavenaugh at your service ma’am.” 
Shanna thought she’d gone mad. Was everyone a cowboy? He seemed to be her only option for getting information at the moment. She would get herself together first and then find out about Annie. “Well Mr. Cavenaugh, I would be grateful for a little help in getting to the ladies room. I could make it by myself but since I sat on the bike, these cuts on my feet are really starting to get painful. 
“Of course.” Gallantly, Brian left his post, swept Shanna up on his shoulder fireman’s style and deposited her struggling wrathfully, in front of the ladies room door, much to the delight of the other guys. 
Shanna had no energy left to spit fire and brimstone at this latest humiliation. She recovered her feet with as much dignity as she could muster and marched into the ladies room slamming the door behind her. She hoped it got him on the nose, the prick. She didn’t dare look in the mirror. First things first, she set about cleaning off her feet. God what a sight she must be. Hallelujah. This was some place. There was a shower. There was a god after all. 
Ten minutes later, considerably cleaner, Shanna had rummaged in the community closet and come out with an assortment of clothes. 
Somewhat revived by being cleaner and relieved that she had no major injuries Shanna ventured forth, determined to find Chase and give him a piece of her mind for just walking away like that, after she found out how Annie was doing. The bar was virtually empty except for that insufferable cowboy. Who the hell was he anyhow? He was obviously not a biker, nor an American come to that. The cowboy smiled disarmingly. 
“Much better. Friends? Let me buy you a drink. Please? I really thought it was the best way to get you there with as little pain as possible.” 
Really. The man was insufferable. Although he was trying to look as contrite as possible. Shanna had other things to worry about anyway. “Brandy. Straight.” She looked around for signs of Chase. 
Brian poured the brandy. “Afraid the barmaid has deserted temporarily. Chase left. They took the young lady over to some doctor’s house. She is in pretty bad shape. Lot of spunk, that one. Hope she makes it. He’ll be back shortly.” 
Shanna’s face clouded. For a moment tears threatened. It should have been her, not Annie. She took a long slug of the brandy and waited while it slid down, warming her from the inside out. She remembered the last time she had drunk brandy like that as a child. A schoolgirl accident had turned tragic and her father had made her drink about a half a quart of the stuff. She had been in so much shock she hadn't felt it at all, but she was older now. 
“Not much time? Why not and what have you got to do with all this?” Shanna demanded. She sipped the remains of her brandy as Brian filled her in on all that he knew. Apparently Chase had given him instructions to keep an eye on her while he made sure Annie was okay. Shanna thawed a little as she realized that Brian had saved both Annie and Chase. He had told her very little about himself, but with a few astute questions Shanna had a pretty good idea of his role in this whole thing and they acquired a guarded respect for each other. 
“So.” Shanna glanced at the clock. “There isn't much time for Chase to get back here and for us to make the rendezvous on time.” 
“Us.” Brian lifted his eyebrows. “Afraid not my dear. This is not for the likes of you. Only us men will be going to the lab tonight.” 
“Like hell.” Shanna bristled. “Until I met Chase Larsen I led a nice quiet life. Since then I’ve been kidnapped, damn near raped and killed, not to mention lost in a cane field and almost run into a semi at a hundred miles an hour and that’s just for starters. My boss is one of the principal scumbags in this whole shebang. He is responsible for almost killing Annie as much as anyone else and if you think for one minute that you guys are going to leave me out of this free for all, you’ve got another think coming.” 
Brian shrugged. “Orders are orders. Chase is right. That is no place for a lady. Don’t you think you’ve had enough excitement for one night?” 
Shanna regretted her momentary weakness in asking for help earlier. She looked Brian up and down derisively. “I’ve met some chauvinistic, sexist morons in my time but you take the cake. This is the nineties. Did you just drop in from the last century or something? Are women all kept in the cellar where you come from?” 
“Wish that they were” Brian muttered under his breath. 
Shanna got the impression that this man would rather face a room full of terrorists armed to the teeth than one riled up woman. She suddenly felt a little sorry for him. A change of tactics was in order here. If she kept this up they would put her under lock and key and another glance at the clock told her there wasn’t much time. She slumped in her chair, the picture of defeat. “Perhaps you are right. I would only get in the way and I have no business holding you guys back. I guess I do hurt a lot more than I thought.” Shanna rubbed her ankle and pouted prettily, sighing, peeking at Brian from under her lowered lashes. 
Brian sighed in relief. “That’s the spirit. It’s much better this way. You hold the fort and have bandages and stuff ready for us when we get back eh?” 
Shanna ground her teeth while she nodded meekly. “Okay.” 
At that moment Chase walked in the door and they both looked up expectantly but they could tell nothing from his face. 
Chase nodded at Brian. “You ready? Let’s go.” 
“Chase.” Shanna had turned pale, almost afraid to ask. “Annie, how is she?” 
Chase shook his head wearily. “Too soon to tell. She absolutely refuses a hospital. It’s touch and go. The doc is the best but even he is praying.” 
Shanna dropped her head dejectedly. Annie must make it. There was nothing Shanna could do for her. She was just in the way of everybody. Then she realized that there was. Annie would want to be there. Since she could not, Shanna must go in her place. It was because of her Annie was lying in a bed full of bullets. 
“Is the gear loaded?” Chase had already forgotten her. 
“Yep.” Brian was already moving. 
“Be with you in a moment. I just need to touch base with the boys.” Chase was already on his way to the back room. “Shanna.” Chase turned as an afterthought. “You okay?” 
“Sure.” Shanna nodded bravely. “Don’t you worry. You guys just take care.” 
Chase gave her a long look and then continued into the back room with Brian on his heels. 
Shanna watched them go and then turned her attention to considering which was the best way for her to get to the lab.
 
 


Sixty-eight
Dominick slammed the car door and marched towards the door of the lab. He wanted to get this over with. He had other things to do and they would be much more enjoyable than listening to a half-baked mad scientist on his latest tirade. Whatever Myles wanted, he would agree to it and be on his way. 
Myles was busily scrawling mathematical notations on his wall-sized blackboard. They looked like an alien language to Dominick. Math had never been his strong suit except when it came to money. If it was dollars and cents, Dominick was first with the answer. He dumped his briefcase unceremoniously on the desk in the middle of Myles scattered paperwork and flipped it open, paying little attention to his surroundings. “Well? What was so all-fired important that I had to drop everything and come running over to wet-nurse you?” 
Myles turned at Dominick’s entrance and to Dominick’s surprise, stopped what he was doing and came over until he was standing nose to nose with Dominick. He reached out and slammed the briefcase shut on Dominick’s hand. 
Dominick howled in pain. “What the fuck did you do that for, have you lost your mind?” 
“You dirty, conniving little prick, did you really think you could get away with it?” Myles spat the words at him through clenched teeth. 
Dominick was taken aback. He nursed his bruised hand and backed up a little. “What the hell are you talking about?” 
Myles watched him, eyes narrowed. “A one way ticket to Australia with a stop in South Africa is what I’m talking about, you slimy little pissant.” 
Dominick thought fast. So. The gig was up. He didn’t know how Myles found out but it didn’t matter much. He had his agenda now and nothing was going to stop him. He had the formula and with Myles’ experimental prototype, he didn’t need the man. The South Africans would be able figure out the rest. Dominick shrugged. “So what?” 
Myles closed in punching a finger into Dominick’s chest to accentuate each word. “You have my formula. You were going to sell me out. You little moron. Did you really think you were smart enough to get away with that? You know nothing, you little turd. You are dead. You hear me? Dead.” Myles voice rose until he was shouting in anger. 
Dominick was starting to sweat. Myles had really lost it this time. He even looked a little crazed.  “Calm down Myles. You haven’t let me explain.” 
Myles had begun pacing. He swung around. “Explain.” He grabbed Dominick by the lapels. “Explain. I have an agenda you cannot comprehend. Nothing will be allowed to interfere with that. You hear me? Nothing. Nobody steals from me.” Myles shoved and Dominick flew backward landing hard in a chair. 
Dominick licked his lips. Myles’ spittle had landed on his face but Dominick was too afraid to wipe it away. This was not going according to plan. Perhaps a little bravado was in order. “Is that what you got me here for tonight? You needn’t have wasted your time. I’m in charge of this operation. Not you. I own you, Myles.” 
“Not anymore.” Myles had grown strangely calm. “You will not leave here alive tonight. It is over, Dominick. You crossed up one person too many.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous. We can work this out. There’s so much at stake. Myles, please, let’s not ruin it now.” Now truly afraid, Dominick got up from the chair and started backing towards the door. 
Myles raised his arm. It now held a gun pointed at Dominick. Dominick turned and ran. He got the door open and was halfway out when Myles fired. Dominick spun around and half fell against the doorjamb. He sagged there in disbelief. “My god. I’ve been shot. He can't do this to me.” Dominick reached up and felt the blood on the shoulder of his jacket. He stared at it in shock and then at Myles. Myles raised the gun again. Dominick turned and ran.
 
 


Sixty-nine
Chase, Joe, Willie and Brian sat cross-legged in the clearing. Introductions had been made, plans updated and they were ready to go. The Indians sat quietly nearby, the bikers further back. “Okay.” Chase started to rise and stopped halfway up. His attention riveted on some new arrivals. “What the hell?” 
An Indian entered the clearing dragging with him a struggling but gagged redhead. 
“What have you got there, Tallfeather?” Joe jumped up at the intrusion. 
“Found her climbing out of the trunk of their Camaro.” Tallfeather pointed at Chase and Brian who looked at each other accusingly. 
“Gentlemen.” Chase did the honors. “Meet Shanna McLain.” 
“Shall I unbind her?” Tallfeather asked. 
“Better not.” Said Chase and Brian in unison. 
Willie snorted. “A woman. You bring a woman here?” He asked Chase with withering scorn. 
“That’s no woman. That’s a firebrand.” Chase wasn’t going to admit he had failed to stop her. 
“Hmph. What kind of man can't control his females?” Willie hadn't even bothered to look at Shanna who was looking daggers at him. She shook off her captor and started forward.  Willie snapped his fingers and two of his men came forward and grabbed her. 
“They will take her to the back of the line and keep her out of the way.” 
“Good idea.” Chase and Brian seemed to be doing a duet. 
Shanna had finally managed to loosen the gag. “You do and I’ll scream so loud this whole woods will know I’m here.” Shanna struggled for breath to say more when a brown hand covered her mouth. She bit down on it hard. Smothered curses accompanied her hasty and somewhat noisy departure from the front lines. Even Willie’s men couldn’t still her struggles. 
Joe was amused. “So. That’s the one. You have your work cut out for you, my friend. That one will take some taming. Perhaps you should have let her fight.” 
“Perhaps.” Chase retorted. “But she probably would have put all of us to shame.” Damned if that wasn’t the stubbornest woman he had ever met. Chase admired her determination but he was a biker, a macho sexist like Brian and the Indians. Women had no business in battle.  The Indians would take care of her and he would not have to worry about it. He hoped. 
Returning to business, the four men made their way to the edge of the trees surrounding the compound. Another vehicle was sitting in the compound. A sentry reported that it had arrived about ten minutes ago. A short, balding man had emerged and hurried into the main building. Dominick. Good. They would bag both of them at once. 
Brian unzipped his hold all. He took out the tainted meat which was now smelling nicely ripe and signaled that he would edge around towards the kennels and take care of the dogs. Chase gave him a thumbs up. Joe and Willie left for opposite sides of the compound with wire cutters. They would cut their way into both fences after disabling the electricity. Each took a couple of men as lookouts with them. Chase would attempt to open the front gates. If all went well they would be inside the compound before Hickman even knew they were there. 
The only light was above the door of the main building. No inside lights could be seen because of the blacked out windows and the huge outside lights that ordinarily lit up the compound had not been switched on. So much the better. Chase could work on the gate without much fear of being seen. Chase waited a few minutes until Brian returned from doping the dogs and together they sprinted across the open ground to the gates. Not locked. How careless.  
Silently Chase and Brian entered the compound. They were halfway to the buildings when the door burst open and Dominick ran out nursing one arm. The three men stopped dead and stared at each other. Right behind Dominick came Myles holding a gun. Chase dived to the left. Brian to the right. Myles dove back inside the building and Dominick stood uncertainly in the middle. 
Without warning a blinding light lit the compound as bright as day. Myles had turned on the floodlights. Brian and Chase ran for cover. From behind a turtle tank, Chase saw that Joe’s men were still working frantically on the fence. They were almost done. Then he caught movement out of the corner of his eye and saw Dominick running behind the smallest building. Chase signaled to Brian and started to follow but he didn’t get far. 
Joe’s scouts had been wrong. Men were pouring from the living quarters. Evidently Myles had hired a small army of lackeys in anticipation of this raid or perhaps just to close the place down and take care of Dominick. The men looked rough. They were well armed and headed towards the fence. 
All of a sudden there was an incredibly deep unearthly rumble, followed by a blinding flash of light and the heavens opened up. Myles had unleashed his weapon. Rain slashed down on them in torrents digging into their skin like knives. Thunder boomed incessantly, dulling their eardrums and lightning flashed so often they were blinded. It hit the fence and threw off balls of itself, which raced around the top in both directions like quicksilver. 
The Indians cried out. Before they could move, the lightning reached them, barreling into flesh. Chase heard their agonized cries cut off as the lightning took them and they grew silent, hurled to the ground. The smell of burning flesh grew strong in Chase’s nostrils. 
Chase saw more of Joe’s men running to attack the fence again. Sharpshooters took up positions to pick off Myles’ thugs and archers let fly their arrows tied to ropes. Chase and Brian ran around feverishly grabbing the ropes. They secured them to whatever was handy and the Indians started to scale the fence. 
Chase and Brian argued briefly about who should follow Dominick. They both wanted Myles. In the end they both decided to go for Myles. Dominick would keep. Visibility was down to almost nothing. The roar of the storm was deafening. It thrashed and roared and whirled around them, but Chase still heard the rumble of the bikes and saw the headlights racing into the gloom to join the fray. Joe’s men had opened up the fence and pulled open the main gates. 
Chase threw back his head and out came his Viking battle cry more blood curdling than even the ululating warriors’ war cries. His men heard it clearly above the storm and responded in kind. Fueled by the smell of battle, Joe’s war cry followed as his warriors came storming in behind him. 
The compound became a raging inferno. Myles’ storm still spilled incessant lightning, which sliced through the darkness seeking its path of destruction, each strike accompanied by a crack of thunder. They were lucky to be in such a small area. Myles evidently could not control it so specifically in such close quarters and the fence became its biggest attraction. It zinged and thunder clapped and boomed and the smell of ozone filled the men’s’ nostrils while the smoke grew thicker each passing minute. 
The lights of the bikes probed everywhere turning the scene into some mad disco dance floor as they roared and whirled, seeking a target. The turtle tanks had been covered and provided a platform for hand to hand fighting. The Indians whooped and when a particularly blood curdling scream assaulted his ears Chase pictured Willie enjoying his work and shuddered. 
Chase had lost sight of Brian. They both had been busy protecting themselves from the unexpected assault of Myles’ lackeys. Sweat dripped from Chase’s brow mingling with the steaming rain. He dispatched his latest assailant with a left cross followed by a head butt and whirled seeking another. Temporarily he was alone. The storage shed had caught fire giving him some sense of direction. Gunfire was sporadic, with little visibility the chance of hitting one of your own was too great. 
Squinting, Chase saw an open space and raced into it headed for the main building after Myles. The door was locked. Chase didn’t hesitate. He shot out the lock and kicked it open. Inside was chaos. The floor was knee deep in fulgurites. A heap of paperwork was burning in a corner. Evidently Myles had taken the time to destroy any evidence. No one was in the room. 
Chase spotted another door at the rear and figured it was probably about halfway down the length of the building. Again the door was locked. Again he shot the lock and kicked it open. Inside, Myles Hickman stood enclosed in a glass booth. Shaped like a glass sunroom, it took up the entire back wall of the room. The whole front wall of the room, facing the compound was a one way mirror through which Myles could view the compound and he was frantically directing his storm from this command post, his hair standing on end from the static he generated. He turned at Chase’s entrance laughing maniacally. Static danced around his body creating a neon blue aura. He looked like the evil villain from a Superman movie. 
“Come in.” Myles croaked.  “You can see the finale from here.” 
Nonplussed, Chase looked for a way inside the glass booth. He saw none. Why waste time with doors, he thought. Chase aimed and fired, nothing happened. He fired again, and again. Nothing happened. Not so much as a dent. Myles cackled. “I invented that too.” Wild with anger, Chase frenziedly attacked the glass. He punched it, kicked it, ran into it, threw furniture at it. He could not shatter it. Myles turned his attention back to the storm. “I’ll deal with you later. I’m rather busy now. Do behave and go sit down.” 
Panting and heaving, Chase glanced out the window. The storm was intensifying; the whole place seemed to be on fire. The sounds of fighting were still fierce but Chase could not tell what was happening. He turned his attention back to the booth breathing heavily and fighting to calm down. He needed reason now. There must be a way in. And then it hit him. Chase sprinted back out to the other room and searched the floor, kicking aside the fulgurites that covered it. 
There, a rectangular area cut out of the flooring. Chase knelt down searching with his fingers. He barely glanced up, annoyed at the interruption as a figure staggered into the room. Brian was covered in dirt, blood and soot. He was almost unrecognizable except for the white smile. 
“Can't leave a boy to do a man’s job. You haven’t got him yet?” Brian inquired. 
Chase shook his head irritably and went back to his search. 
“What about the formula?” Brian rasped between gulps for breath. 
“Don’t know, but he’s been destroying evidence. If we get both of them, we will have the only copies of the formula left.” Chase’s reply was short. “Help me with this, will you?” 
Brian staggered over and helped Chase who was pulling and pushing at the rectangle, grimacing with the strain. Brian looked around. He moved over to the credenza behind Myles’ desk and pulled open doors and drawers. After a few minutes Chase heard a triumphant “Got it” and hastily pulled his hands away as the floor beneath him started to slide. Brian must have found a button. 
A stairway appeared. The entrance to Myle’s domain. The two men grinned victoriously at each other and clambered down just as lightning slashed through the shattered windows and fiery fingers of destruction raced across the room towards them.
 
 


Seventy
Dominick bulled his way through the woods like an automaton dazed and shaken, the sounds of a fierce battle raging behind him. He realized subconsciously that his wound was not life threatening, at least yet, but he couldn’t believe he was bleeding. He had no idea how much blood he could lose and still be okay or indeed anything about physical wounds. He had a bullet in his shoulder and it hurt like hell. He wanted to lie down and curl up with his thumb in his mouth and whimper and make it all go away but there were crazed people behind him. Unless he was delirious, he had seen Indians with bows and arrows. He must be delirious. 
Dominick ran like the hounds of hell were after him. He rather thought they were. Finally he could run no more and he came to a slithering stop, bent over at the knees, starved for breath.  It was pitch black. He had no idea where he was but he must have traveled some distance because the hellish sounds behind him were much softer now. He had done it. He had gotten away. That crazy Myles had finally flipped his lid. He had unleashed the mother of all storms. The whole countryside would soon come running. 
Surprised, Dominick realized he was still carrying his briefcase, in his crushed hand no less. He had forgotten about his hand. Dominick dropped the briefcase and subsided, panting beside it. He gingerly pulled off his jacket and nearly fainted when he tried to move his shirt material away from the wound to get a look at it. Hastily he dug in his pockets and came up with a handkerchief. He stuffed this on top of the wound to try and staunch the bleeding a little and then put his jacket back on to help keep it in place. 
He looked around fearfully. Dominick was a townie. There were snakes and spiders and crawly things and shit out here. God what a mess. He had to get out of here and soon. Obviously he couldn’t get back to his car and he couldn’t go to the ranger station for help but he did have his gun in his briefcase, maybe he could reach the road and hijack a vehicle. He had to get moving anyway. Sitting still like this, the pain in his shoulder became almost unbearable and the mosquitoes were vicious. 
This was a park after all. If he could find even the remnants of a trail it would surely lead eventually to an exit route. Dominick hoisted his briefcase, shut his eyes and picked a direction. Sure enough, about twenty minutes later he stepped out of the undergrowth onto a trail.  Sweating and panting, Dominick put one foot in front of the other, eyes sweeping the ground to make sure he did not lose what little direction he had. 
He plodded along for some time, eyes fixed on the ground in so much concentration he did not register when a sound occurred close behind him. Too late, he screeched as something pounded him in the ass, sending him sprawling face first and he crashed into the ground onto his wounded shoulder. Dominick cried out in pain and rolled over fearfully. He was confronted by Shanna’s lowering foot. 
“Shanna? What in the world are you doing here?” Dominick’s mouth hung open in disbelief at the apparition before him. 
Shanna stood, feet apart, hands on hips, glaring at her boss, satisfaction gleaming in her eyes. “Didn’t expect to see me, Dom? Thought I was somewhere else tonight?” she asked with deceptive sweetness. 
Dominick lay on his back in the dirt staring at his paralegal. In the darkness he could just make out that she didn’t seem to be in the best of shape and she was beyond furious. Dominick knew Shanna well. This degree of anger was greater than anything he had ever seen and he had seen her intimidate the most formidable people. Goddamn that layabout Mick. He had fucked up again. 
Dominick looked around. There seemed to be just the two of them. He looked back at Shanna trying to judge his options. “Well, look who’s here,” he sneered. “You really ought to do something about your grooming, Shanna. Can’t stop, I’m afraid. No time to chat.” 
“Don’t bother with the act, Dominick.” Shanna was shaking with anger. 
Dominick recoiled and made to push past her. 
She stabbed a finger at him. “You ordered me dead. You conceited, arrogant, moronic, snot-nosed, asshole. Who appointed you God? How dare you. It’s a little different now you're terrified it’s you who are going to die isn't it? And don’t think for one minute that I couldn’t do it. But I’ve got other plans for you.” Shanna pulled out a particularly vicious looking knife and advanced on Dominick who scrabbled backwards as fast as she advanced. 
“Wait.” What are you going to do?” Dominick’s eyes were fixated on the knife. 
“You see that tree over there?” Shanna pointed at a medium sized nearby tree. “You’re going to strip. Then I’m going to tie you to that tree. Then I’m going to smear berry juice all over you and finally, I’m going to sit right here and smoke one of those foul cigars that you no doubt have in your pocket while the bugs and beasts come to investigate. I see you're already bleeding. Good. That should help.” Shanna grinned fiendishly. “Start stripping.” 
“No. Shanna be reasonable, let’s talk about this. I’m going to make a fortune, I’ll share it with you.” Dominick knew he was babbling. 
Shanna stuck the knife under his chin. “Strip.” 
Dominick stripped slowly. He howled as Shanna helped rip the shirt away from his bleeding shoulder. Finally he was done and stood there shivering. Still gripping his briefcase, miserably trying to shield himself. 
Shanna looked him up and down. She grinned derisively. “Your girlfriends always said you had an invisible prick. They weren’t kidding were they? Okay. Over there numbnuts.” 
Desperately Dominick looked around for a means of escape. He had come too far to be destroyed by an unhinged paralegal. 
His eyes widened in relief as he saw movement at the end of the trail. Shanna heard a noise at the same time and whirled around. Instantly Dominick was on her. “Bitch.” Dominick swung backhandedly. He slammed the briefcase down on her head. “If I had the time I’d finish the job Mick couldn’t.” 
Shanna lay unmoving, so Dominick wasted no time, not waiting to see who was coming he was off and running, naked but alive and free and still with his briefcase.
 
 


Seventy-one
Chase and Brian landed in the booth at the same time. Myles whirled and backed up dragging his infernal machine with him. The blue light around him was even stronger. The two men advanced grimly. 
“Put it down, Myles.” Chase edged towards him slowly. “Stop the storm. It’s over. You’ve no place to go now.” 
Myles backed up, his glance swiveling between Chase and Brian. 
“Chase,” Brian didn’t take his eyes off Myles while he talked, his voice low, “that blue light around him, and look at his face. He’s white as a ghost. That thing’s killing him. Do you think he’s electrified? If we grab him it might be like grabbing lightning.” 
Chase had noticed that too. He wanted Myles Hickman, but he didn’t want to die in the process. He shook his head. “I don’t know but we can't take the chance. We’d better go for the box somehow. How about if I shoot it?” 
Both men jumped when a bolt of lightning slashed into the room striking the glass booth. The booth shuddered violently and started to smolder sending up an obnoxious chemical smell. 
Myles cackled gleefully. “This whole place is going up and you two heroes with it. It’s not over till the fat lady sings.” With that Myles pushed a button and the glass booth started to slide apart. Myles darted out quick as the lightning he generated, Chase and Brian hot on his heels. 
“Grab him.” Chase yelled. 
“Your catch old boy. You grab him.” Brian yelled back. 
“Well shoot him then.” 
“Sorry. Can't see to do that.” 
Myles made it into the compound. 
“Sure you can, that neon blue thing running over there.” 
Both men changed direction as they spotted Myles’ electric blue aura streaking towards the gate. Myles looked back towards them and as he did so an archer’s arrow found its mark. Myles tripped and fell, the storm machine flying from his grasp. Brian dove after the machine. 
Chase ran over to Myles. The storm stopped as suddenly as it had started and the sounds of fighting died down. Myles was no longer blue. Chase knelt down beside him. Myles had been hit in the upper chest. Blood was pouring from his mouth and he gasped for breath trying not to strangle on his own blood. He lifted his head to stare at Chase. 
“I didn’t do it you know.” Myles tried to speak between choking gasps. He grabbed Chase’s arm. “It was Dominick. He wanted her. I liked Sophie.” Chase put his ear down as Myles’ voice grew weaker. He listened grimly as Myles with his dying breath spilled out the ugly story of Sophie’s murder. 
Eventually Chase became aware that the others had gathered round him. Brian, Joe and Willie knelt with him. Myles finished his story and with a final shuddering effort he pushed himself off the ground and grabbed Chase again. “Get him.” He whispered hoarsely. Then his hand slid slowly down and Myles Hickman died. 
Brian placed his hand on Chase’s shoulder. “Dominick’s not here. Joe and his boys checked.” 
Chase looked around. The compound was devastated. The bikers and Indians stood quietly respecting the moment. Chase went over to his men and thanked them, checking for injuries. He was relieved to find only a few had been injured and none seriously. They would wear their wounds proudly. 
The plan was for both Chase and Joe’s’ men to clean up the compound and destroy any evidence. Willie would supervise. All that would remain would be the evidence of a brush fire, which unfortunately destroyed the lab and everything in it. Joe’s men were already busy freeing the turtles from their covered tanks. 
Brian had found an axe. The storm machine now lay in a hundred pieces scattered over the ground. It too would be burnt in the fire. Some of Chase’s men stripped the buildings, destroying any paperwork as they found it. Two bikers carried the sleeping pit bulls to safety. 
Once Chase assured himself that everything was taken care of, he, Brian and Joe considered what to do next. Chase rubbed his beard wearily. “He must be somewhere in the park. His car is still here and he is no country boy. He should be wandering around out there with no clue. Joe, who’s your best tracker?” 
Joe didn’t hesitate. “I am.” 
“Well let’s go. My sister’s murderer is out there and I want him.” Chase moved off, Joe and Brian close on his heels.
 
 


Seventy-two
The three men moved off at a trot in single file behind Joe who modified his loping run so that the white men could keep up with him. They had been running for about twenty minutes when Joe stopped holding up his hand for silence. He let out a low whistle and received one in reply. Shortly two Indians came out of the woods at a run. Shanna’s captors. 
Chase and Brian waited impatiently while Joe, frowning his displeasure interrogated his men in his native tongue. Finally Chase could stand it no longer. “Well. Where’s Shanna?” 
Joe gave his men an evident tongue-lashing and sent them off toward the compound with a wave of his hand. “They got too involved in listening to the battle. Shanna gave them the slip. They have been searching for her ever since. They were chasing a naked white man when they heard us coming and doubled back.” 
“A naked white man? Don’t tell me there’s some pervert flitting around out here in the middle of all this.” Brian was obviously amused at the thought. 
Joe smiled. “If he got a look at my war painted warriors he may have thought his wildest dreams had come true.” 
“Enough.” Chase was worried. “What about Shanna?” 
Joe was instantly contrite. “Your call, my friend. Which trail should I follow?” 
“Damn it.” Chase knew his duty. They must make sure that Shanna was all right, but he could not bear the thought of letting Dominick get away. The anguish of his decision was plain on his face. Finally, he turned to Joe. “Let’s see how good you are. We must find Shanna first and then we will catch up with Mr. Dominick Wilding.” 
“Follow me.” Joe set off picking up the pace again. 
Chase glanced at Brian who had remained silent. Chase knew that Brian’s mission was to destroy any and all evidence surrounding the formula. So far they had achieved that objective admirably but there was one loose end. Dominick. Brian’s priorities would ensure that he single-mindedly follow that directive. There was nothing he could do about that. “If you find him, save him for me.” 
Brian nodded. “I’ll do my best, old man.” He held out his hand. Chase took it. There were no other words. Brian nodded to Joe. Without a word he turned and was gone. 
Chase watched him for a moment and then turned back to Joe. “Let’s go.” 
They had traveled about three miles when they found Shanna face down and unconscious. After a cursory inspection, Joe pulled out a small medicine packet and wafted some herb under Shanna’s nose. She came to slowly, groaning. 
Looking at her, Chase knew his chance at Dominick was gone. As he and Joe carried Shanna between them, he hoped that Brian was having better luck.
 
 


Seventy-three
Chase sat on the beach in the moonlight, puffing contentedly on a small cigarillo. It was quiet and peaceful here. No sound except for the gentle lapping of the water. 
There had been no repercussions from the destruction of Myles’ lab. Everything had gone as planned. Annie would be okay. She was already driving everyone nuts with her demands. Annie made a terrible patient. Dear Annie. And Shanna. Well Chase would have to think about Shanna later. 
Chase watched his empty beer bottle as it bobbed on the surface, making its way out to sea. He fancied it was heading out to Sophie. This was their secret place, warm and silky as only a tropical hideaway can be. 
“Well sis, one down, one to go. Don’t you worry none, we’ll get him too.” 
Further out a wave rippled and Chase was sure he could see Sophie out there riding the waves, an ethereal mermaid never allowed to return to shore. 
“I love you Soph.” Chase said softly. “You go on now. Don’t miss out on Valhalla.  I’ll be there soon enough and we can catch up then.” 
There was a splash and Chase swore he saw a glittering tail dive into the water. He tasted salt on his cheek, but it was only his own tears. “Bye Sophie. See ya.” 
Chase flicked the remnant of the cigar into the water. He took a last look behind him and then headed back to his bike.
 
 


Epilogue
Dominick ran down the steps of his hotel in Sydney at a brisk trot. He was going to like this town. These Aussies were something else. They had to be the most gullible people in the world. He was going to do very well here. Dominick looked around with satisfaction before hoisting his briefcase and heading over to a cruising taxi. 
Across the street, a rangy longhaired guy in tats and a tee shirt stopped tinkering with his Harley. He reached into the saddlebag and came out with a cell phone. He dialed and then listened for a moment before speaking. “That dude you were after, mate, the short balding one?  I’ve got him in my sights as we speak.” The man listened and then laughed wolfishly. He pocketed the phone and straddled the bike. 
Vroom. 
The chase was on.
 



###




Following is an excerpt from the opening pages of the next Chase Larsen novel
 





KILL DEVIL

Chapter 1


Jake coughed, a drawn out, unnervingly human protest of pain. He no longer streaked after rabbits in joyous, noisy pursuit and his nemesis the possum, kept at bay for so many years, now scrabbled in the yard with impunity. Nowadays the old guy spent his time snoring on the sofa.
Chase sat on the tailgate of his old truck watching Jake’s arthritic putterings in amusement tinged with melancholy. These long outings, just the two of them and the old ’50 pickup were mostly a thing of the past now and Chase missed them. It hurt to see his old friend struggle to run a few paces in wistful hunt mode, then turn away in a masterful act of studied disinterest. Watching Jake, Chase felt the beginning of yet another empty space and fought to ignore it. It was not yet time. 
He wondered idly if his own adventures were also coming to an end. His one remaining relative, his sister Sophie had suffered a horrible death and Jake was all the family that remained. Somehow Chase had never found time for wife and children and now time sped by, too busy for him. The anniversary of Sophie’s death always made him reflective and depression should have no part in such a glorious day. Sunshine danced along the shoreline dressing the tiniest object in glittering clarity. Sophie had reveled in this weather and so would he. 
This stretch of beach was remote and hard to access. Today it was empty of people and Jake could paddle undisturbed. The storm season had been harsh this year. The stand of dead trees bunched at the edge of the water, pale and bare as ancient pedestals, were fewer than they had been last year. Erosion had claimed all but a few feet of sand, but it was still fine and sugary, with a glistening coat of shells and sharks’ teeth. The sea rushed in to reclaim its treasure of shells leaving a carpet of seaweed strewn in scattered clumps. Jake sneezed as he snuffled into it and came up for air trailing a long strand.
An osprey screeched as pelicans came swooping in, ungainly as gooney birds, yet so graceful in flight. This one small spot healed the soul, its timeless beauty unmarred by the occasional cloak of wind and rain. Chase had scattered Sophie’s ashes here in the place she loved best and he and Jake came once a year to visit. 
Time to go. He had to meet Joe downtown. Every week they picked a spot to watch for the return of Dominick Wilding. Chase could be old and crippled, blind and deaf, but he would never give up on finding his sister’s killer again. He had lost the man once. It wouldn’t happen twice. Chase lifted Jake into the truck and they headed home, the one grimacing with new resolve, the other, grinning hugely, nose in the wind, shaggy hair blowing, turning occasionally to give his master a grateful lick.
 



Chapter 2


“Tom, no.” The old man’s voice sliced through the tension, sharp with anxiety, and that, and the presence of Tom’s mother and sister saved Sloan Cutler from serious harm. Tom stopped short of his headlong rush, his face a fluctuating picture of conflicting emotions, ending nose to nose and toe to toe with Cutler.
Cutler showed no reaction as Tom’s flattened fingertips jabbed into his chest, punctuating each word in staccato cadence. “You’ll pay for this, you slimy little toad. I promise you that.” Shaking with rage, hostility etched into every taut muscle, Tom pivoted and stalked back to his family.
Sloan Cutler enjoyed every second of it. He smiled nastily, then curled his thick lip in a taunting sneer. “I can’t wait.” Cutler made a show of brushing off his jacket as if brushing off Tom. He would rather have wiped his face of Tom’s spit but didn’t want to acknowledge it was there. Drawing out his pleasure, Cutler waited a moment, watching Tom before delivering his final blow. “Slimy little toad, you said? You can do better than that.” Cutler smirked, not bothered by the insult. “After all, I just took away your life. I now own this house and everything in it and I want you all out by the end of the month. It shouldn’t take long since you won’t be taking anything with you.” Sloan smirked again, gratified at the shocked expressions ranged before him. Finally, the Ramsey family had bowed to their superior. 
Tom’s father sat on the sofa attempting a bland expression but his face had paled to an ashen gray and he looked shrunken and tired. His wife, Margaret sobbed, while Pamela, dear little Pamela, was openmouthed with shock. Princess Pamela, debutante of the year, the darling of the Palm Beach social set. She didn’t look so social now and with her mouth hanging open that way Sloan wondered why he had ever thought she was the most perfect creature ever to set foot on planet earth. 
“Well, Pam, want to reconsider my marriage proposal now?” Sloan didn’t wait for an answer. He looked her up and down with deliberate contempt. “Sorry dear, too late. You have nothing to offer now.” 
Sloan stopped smirking as he sensed Tom rushing from around the sofa and whirled triumphantly, fast as a snake. “C’mon then, go for it hero. I’ll add assault and battery to the list. How will you help them from a jail cell?” He relaxed, disappointed, when the senior Ramsey grabbed Tom, who was choking with rage, and moved in front of him, halting the younger man’s onslaught. Tom’s attack would have given Sloan an opportunity he craved to efface those patrician good looks. Thwarted, Sloan turned his attention back to the pathetic group now ranged before him. 
“The high and mighty Ramseys,” he sneered. “You're nothing now. Get used to it.” The final blow delivered, Sloan stalked out slamming the door as he went. That hadn't been as much fun as he thought. Perhaps the eviction would be more entertaining. He would see the press got hold of it. They would love to see some Palm Beachers reduced to life on the other side of the bridge. The Ramseys might just be able to afford one of the trashier trailer parks. Sloan sniggered at the prospect. Sloan had planned to move his own parents into the vacated Ramsey premises, back to the luxury that was rightfully theirs instead of the crummy little place they now inhabited. He had been thwarted there too.
Expecting respect and gratitude, he got only recrimination. Horrified, Sloan’s family first pleaded with him to leave the Ramseys alone, then stood on their dignity, ordering Sloan from their lowly home. Well, let them rot in hell too. The last remnants of the Cutlers were a sniveling bunch of weaklings with no backbone. He didn’t need or want any of them.
Still smarting from the remembered slight, Sloan strode out into the balmy Palm Beach night, ignoring the man walking towards him, some nobody from across the bridge by the looks of him. Annoyed that the man was blocking his path, Sloan started to brush past only to find a firm hand planted in his chest. Now angry at the man’s temerity, Sloan stopped.
“Good evening Sloan.” 
The man was shorter than Sloan, balding, dressed like a cheap lawyer.
“I don’t know you. Who are you? What do you want?” Sloan noticed the man was carrying an old issue of Time Magazine, the one with Sloan’s picture on the cover. That was an old issue, when Sloan was the idol of the scientific community, a different life, one Sloan wanted no part of now. He pushed away the hand that was still planted in his chest. The little guy didn’t budge an inch.
“Wilding, Dominick Wilding and no, we don’t know each other yet, although I have been on your legal team for some time now. I have a proposition for you I think you will find very interesting.” Wilding stuffed the magazine into his pocket and shoved a business card under Sloan’s nose.
Sloan batted the man’s hand away without looking at it and once again attempted to go on his way. The nerve of the man. “I’m retired and not interested in anything you have to say. Now will you please get out of my way, I’m in a hurry.”
Wilding didn’t move. “Afraid not Sloan. You and I are going to be business partners. We’ll get along fine once you’ve heard my proposition.”
“Are you deaf, or stupid or both?” Sloan was in no mood for this. This Wilding fellow wasn’t going to budge and he exuded an irritating air of amused arrogance, increasing Sloan’s impatience. Sloan pushed.
Wilding’s demeanor changed. “Don’t do that Sloan. I don’t like it. Keep the card. It has a date and time on it. Be there. We have a lot to talk about.”
Sloan lost his patience. “Certainly not. Now get out of my way before I call the police.”
Dominick smiled. “Oh you won't do that Sloan. Here. I made a copy just for you so you can read it at your leisure. It’s quite comprehensive.” Dominick shoved a file against Sloan’s chest, turned and headed off down the street. He turned around once said, “don’t be late” and was gone.
Sloan grabbed at the file before it fell. His first impulse was to throw it in the gutter but curiosity got the better of him. He carried it to the car and under the dome light found a complete dossier on himself, so inclusive there were things in there no one knew except Sloan Cutler. Sloan looked up in puzzlement in the direction Wilding had taken.
Dominick Wilding had been right. Sloan would keep his appointment.




Diary of an Airedale




Sample chapter


 August 12th


A journal? Airedales don’t write journals. Well, of course they don’t. I dictated it. Voice to text software has come a long way. Now it can translate any language, taking us into uncharted areas, like my mind. See, all things are possible.  So read on, I have lots to say. Hmm, where to start? Well, the beginning might be a good place. 
Being the intelligent person you are, I’m sure you’re aware that we belong to the species canis familiaris (dog to you), though I’m not just any dog, not this guy. I’m six weeks old and too smart for my own good, which is how I’m sassy enough to talk to you like this. I belong to a distinguished family, members of the Airedale Terrier tribe, and I’m mindful of the standards I need to uphold. You see, terriers are hunters and Airedales are royalty, kings of the terriers, superior beings in many ways as you will see. We’re handsome, brave, keen-eyed, long-legged, fiercely loyal, well you get the picture. The list of our character traits is endless and let’s not forget, we’re indisputably British, true aristocrats. 
Right, let’s start with some history. Bet you didn’t know the Romans were first to classify us into groups – house dogs, war dogs etc. They also began the werewolf legend. They treated their animals with callous indifference and left them to roam the streets. Homeless dogs get hungry and fight for food.  There’s no one to teach them manners, and it’s scary alone so they ran in packs, scavenging and terrifying any unfortunate people who crossed their path, hence the legend. Did you know that? 
Stick with me, I’ve got lots of fascinating information - for instance, how long we pooches have been here. Well, it turns out we evolved from an animal like a weasel about forty million years ago. That’s a bit hard to stomach but, oh well, who doesn’t have something in their background they’d rather not reveal? Have you looked in your family tree lately? After a while that old weasel somehow evolved into a direct forbear of the genus Canis, which, as you no doubt know, includes the wolf and the jackal, as well as the dog. 
About twelve thousand years ago, give or take a few years, some wolves, the more cunning ones, realized there was free food at human dens. The pickings were so easy they stuck around, deciding a little company in exchange for a meal or two was a good deal. Why should they go out to find it when all they had to do was sit near the fire? Early agriculture might not have started without the help of the wolf, which means canis familiaris (ahem, yours truly) was responsible for the evolution of human civilization. Zinged you with that one, didn’t I? How’s that for a real turnabout on the evolutionary scale?  Of course, we’re nothing like wolves today, though some of us do resemble them. Even if we wanted to try, which we would be crazy to do, we couldn’t make it in the wild. After centuries of pampering, who would forego a cozy bed to scrabble about in the cold and rain?
Bet you didn’t think a little dude like me would be so smart, huh? I know, I’m precocious, but we young’uns learned all this stuff from our moms. My mom dredged up loads of ancient memories to tell us, passed down to her from generation to generation, and you better believe she made sure we paid attention. Aside from the lessons, I’m gifted with a quick and brilliant mind, which is another Airedale trait, along with stylish, noble, and athletic. I don’t want to forget anything. Those are all reasons why we’re kings of the terriers and why our moms make sure we’re well prepared for our station in life. 
Well, back to my name. It’s not legally Alf. My birth certificate says it’s Yorkshire Lad. Can you imagine people calling “Here Yorkshire Lad, come Yorkshire Lad?” Yeah, right. Why I have a name that is never used, is beyond me, but my pedigree is chock full of champions from dad to grandparents to great grandparents and on down the line, and all of them had fanciful names. Tradition required me to have a formal, fancy name, and as Airedales originated from some place called Yorkshire in England, it’s no doubt the reason this one stuck. I later found out my new leader, Anna, was born in Yorkshire and her grandfather’s best pal was one of the earliest Airedales. That gave us an immediate bond and me an aristocratic pack. Fitting, don’t you think? I’m honored such an important ancestor is connected to my family.
So, no Yorkshire Lad; Alf suits me much better. Someone named me after an old, and I mean old, TV character from way back, an alien, whatever an alien is, because I look and act just like him. I don’t know about that but I like Alf okay, though it wouldn’t look too good on paper amongst all those other double-barreled handles of my snooty forbears. I must be a throwback to somewhere as I can’t imagine spending my life prancing round a ring and being bathed and brushed and cossetted all the time, just to get a CH (champion to you) in front of my name. Yuck. There must be much more fun to be had, like playing in the mud and chasing squirrels. Besides, I already know I’m a champion, there’s no need to prove it.
Okay, enough history, here’s where my story begins. There are eleven of us, six brothers, four sisters and me. We live with mom and various uncles and aunts. Dad, well he comes to visit once in a while, always a much anticipated occasion. We’re all in awe of him and while he’s a bit aloof, we know he’s proud of us. We follow him all over the place, getting underfoot and trying to carry ourselves like him with regal pride. Mom watches over all of us and teaches us stuff. It keeps her busy, I can tell you.
I’m the last born and as a result, the smallest of the bunch. I refuse to consider the word ‘runt’ since in my case, small is temporary. Arriving last was just the luck of the draw. Mom’s milk is available on a first come, first serve basis and there are more of us than there are places to get it from, so my place last in line was established at the outset. Outweighed by everyone else, getting enough fuel to catch up is difficult to say the least, but starting out at the bottom doesn’t mean I have to stay there. I’ll fight for my place later when I’m stronger.
In the meantime, when the dinner bowl rattles we all race to get to it first. My bigger siblings don’t cut me any slack for my size. I run as hard as I can, but my legs are shorter and I’m always last to arrive. I’m lucky if anything is left by the time I’ve fought my way through the crowd. I try all kinds of tricks to anticipate the dinner bowl before it rattles. I keep my eyes peeled and I’m always first to savor the mouth-watering aroma as it comes wafting into my nose. It smells so good I can taste it. You know how the aroma of roast lamb makes you salivate, right? Well, that’s exactly it, lamb and apples and sweet potato all mixed up with gravy. We don’t smell just dinner, we smell each individual ingredient, making for a sensory overload you guys couldn’t match. It’s fun to anticipate some new and different morsel instead of just the same old thing. Yum, and we can’t be fooled. You might drink a milkshake and think it tastes like chocolate but, in fact, it’s made up of vegetables. You could never fool an Airedale that way. 
Once in a while, through sheer cunning I do get there first, but not by enough to make any difference. The rest of the gang always thunders right behind trampling me without a second thought. I squirm and worm and wiggle my way to the food against these heavyweights. I would get hurt if they weren’t all pudgy and soft from eating my food, unlike myself, the lean and mean edition. They shove and jostle me at every opportunity, but I endure it to get as much food as possible so I’ll grow big like them. I push back, of course, but they don’t even feel it. Sometimes I even get squeezed underneath or between two big bodies. Mealtimes are not pleasant and I learned early that life is tough. 
Mom doesn’t help either. She’s not around when we eat and she has no patience with snitches, so I’ve learned to ignore the trampled toes and the bruises. Every day I hope things will be better but sometimes it’s too much and it gets me down. That’s when I just lie at the back of the pack, my head on my paws and watch, wondering why I’m not like them. The humans always know when this happens and offer help. They give me some food on my own which gives me a chance to eat in peace without one of the others poaching my portion. On those occasions I savor each bite, tasting each item instead of sucking it up in one huge gulp. I’ll be big as them soon, maybe bigger if I work at it. It’s no fun being picked on just because you’re smaller. It’s a very unAiredale-like trait, even in my sisters who, though I refuse to admit it, can also sit on me. Bullying is not in the book of Airedale etiquette; anyway, enough of that.
It’s a good place, home. We live in the people house at night in our own room and we each have a soft bed. They’re arranged in a spiral so we can sleep close together like we did when we were younger, all on top of each other intertwined like a nest of snakes. A thick dark carpet on the floor protects us from falls and the walls, painted blue as a summer sky, make it feel like daylight. We have a big pile of toys too; tug ropes and balls, squeakers and plush cuddly ones. I like the giraffe best, but whenever I get hold of a toy someone else always tries to grab it from me and it ends up in pieces, stuffing flying everywhere. That’s how I learned to dismember my toys. The stuffing makes good eating.
In good weather we stay outside where there’s more room to play. The grass is quite long in places, good for hide and seek. Huge old oak trees, planted so close they almost touch, keep us shaded from the sun. Bushes with sharp, dagger-like thorns screen out a more tempting landscape and dissuade us from venturing further. Outside we play in a huge cage where our people can keep an eye on us, but sometimes we’re allowed in the large garden. Our humans know it’s safe there because a big wall surrounds the boundary so there’s no fear of getting lost. Then it can take ages to find us, ten little pudgy guys and one skinny one, all rambling out in different directions, searching for mischief, and finding plenty of places to investigate. I still haven’t seen all of it and I know there’s much more. Once, our human pack leader took me to the vet, and I discovered a different world exists outside our back yard. The first trip petrified me, so I didn’t see much except the inside of the vet’s house, but I’m older now and know what to expect.
Playing outside gives us more room to sort out the order of the pack and a lot of sorting goes on. Wolf packs have a top male and female pair, a second in command pair and so on down the line to the lowliest of the low and everyone has a job. Dog packs and dog-human packs are similar, but we dogs can change our status by winning little battles in stages. It’s not an all or nothing thing, thank goodness. We each try to dominate the other through various ways, pouncing on each other, standing up on shoulders, play-biting in a mock attack, boxing and body slams, to name a few, and while I’m not winning any of the bouts yet, I get in tons of practice and I’m learning the weak spots. It won’t be long now before I move up the ladder.
Diane (she’s our human pack leader,) sometimes takes me to the place where she spends her days, workplace, she calls it. When this is going to happen she comes in wearing her work clothes and gets down on her knees pushing her face close to inspect us, her small, square eyeglasses sliding down her long skinny nose. Everything about Diane is skinny. Very tall and thin she looks like a walking skeleton with clothes on and she always wears long narrow skirts and fitted cotton tops which accentuate her thinness. Short, mousy brown hair frizzed out to the shape of a helmet completes the appearance of a dandelion. You’d think someone like that was short on strength but you’d be wrong. Diane has large knobby hands and can pick up Mom, or heft huge bags of feed as if they were puppies, and she wears clumpy boots on her big feet. Shortsighted as she is, putting her face close to ours is a necessity when deciding whose turn it is to accompany her. At our age, we seem identical and most people can only tell us apart by the different colored collars we wear. Not having met many people I didn’t know Diane looks odd, nor do I care. Dogs don’t care about appearances. She is kind and loves us and those big hands and long knobby fingers are deceptively gentle. She points those fingers at us, moving from one to the other until she decides who will go.
On my first visit, pumped with pride at being chosen, and secure in the knowledge that Diane would protect me from anything bad, I didn’t hesitate in my eagerness for new experiences. Curiosity bursting from every pore, I wriggled for Diane to put me down as soon as she walked in the door. Right away I spied a handsome little fella across the room. About my size, he had black hair and brown paws, a hint of a puppy tummy and the edges of his ears were blonde, as was the tip of his tail. The hair on top of his head was a bright russet red. That’s funny, just like me. I ran over at full tilt, eager to make friends, skidding to a halt on my butt a hair’s breadth before my nose smashed into the wall. What magic is this? Why can’t I touch or smell this guy? I stared at him again and cocked my head in puzzlement. He cocked his head. I sat down and scratched my ear. He sat down and scratched his ear. It took a while but the bone did drop. The handsome stranger wasn’t a puppy, he was me, and I couldn’t help but gaze at myself again. Hmm. I always thought I was a handsome devil, now I knew for sure. I had never seen myself before and was captivated, pleased to find myself much better looking than any of my siblings. Perhaps that’s why they were so mean to me. They were jealous. Mesmerized by myself I continued gazing, hypnotized, until Diane chortled and I turned round to find several people laughing. How dare they entertain themselves at my expense, and find me funny? Was everybody mean? Embarrassed, I pretended not to be hurt and stalked away in as dignified a manner as I could manage, head high and tail erect.
What a time that was at the workplace. People kept coming in the front door, I mean a lot of people, all day, and they rushed right over to coo and fuss over me. People are huge to a small puppy and some are much bigger than others and can be very intimidating so I behaved with wary politeness, ready to scoot at the first sign of a problem. All this attention quite exhausted me, and then there were the little people. They could be mean, mostly the boys. 
Two of them were trouble from the start. While the big people were busy talking to Diane, these two edged away from the grownups, nudging each other and pointing, sniggering behind their hands as they bullied a younger child until he cried. That’s when the fat one spied me alone in my corner and trotted over pointing and laughing. His face was covered in ugly, oozing zits and his spiky hair made him look like a hedgehog. 
With practiced slyness he placed himself between me and the rest of the room, his pudgy body big enough to block mine from view while he tormented me. The two of them pulled my tail and poked me with their fingers when no one was looking. The smaller boy’s pale skin turned pink with delight and his cold squinty eyes lit with malicious joy whenever he made me squeal. Then he would suck on a wisp of his long, almost white hair, fine as a cat’s. When he thrust his face close to mine his pale eyes bulged behind his glasses like a bullfrog’s.
Caught, helpless between the two of them, I ached to bite that big pale nose jutting out so close to my mouth. Instinct stopped me. I knew what would happen if I hurt them. Except for the thick black frames of his eyeglasses, the second boy looked like a frog in a wig. He was worse than the other one. He looked at me as though scrutinizing a bug, trying to decide which wing to tear off just for fun. I tried hard not to yelp and give them a reason to poke me again. No such luck. They kept it up and it hurt. It hurt a lot. I’m an Airedale and we don’t recognize pain but I’m also only a little guy and my bones are still soft. They pulled my hair oww and while one boy yanked on my tail the other poked me in the ribs or jabbed a finger at my face, his own face scrunched up with glee. Ouch, my tail, they’re pulling it off, oh, it burns and my side feels all tender and bruised. It makes me jump when they touch it. Don’t do it again, nooooo. This was too much and I lost my cool. If this kept up they would pull my tail off or inflict irreparable damage. If I can just get my mouth on a fat finger... In my pain I forgot I didn’t have much in the way of teeth yet. One of them was getting ready to pull my tail again and I tried to turn and catch a finger but just at that moment another jab in my face curled my toes and made me flinch. Both boys took care to stay just out of reach.
No one took any notice of my predicament so it was up to me to defend myself. Out came my big boy growl and bared teeth, such as they were. I tried my best, twisting and turning, snapping and growling. I even tried barking but nothing worked. I had just learnt a life lesson. Not every human was nice. Defending myself was risky because I might be labeled vicious instead of lovable, and that could alter my future, but still the noise inside the workplace was at such a high pitch no one noticed and the little hooligans laughed harder. To my chagrin my big boy growl came out as a squeak. I tried so hard to be an Airedale but was no match for these two monsters. The more I protested, the more fun they had. That left me with no choice but to bite my tongue and lie still until they grew tired and left me alone. Despair oozed over me. If this went on a serious injury was inevitable.
I came to dread these visits to the workplace and ran and hid from Diane when she came to choose one of us. She had no clue why I worked so hard to be left behind. She got frustrated and grumpy trying to catch me and I knew I had been struck off the adorable puppy list. Then one day a small girl noticed the boys tormenting me. She was a tiny little thing, looked as light as a feather. Thick hair, black as an Airedale saddle, fell to her waist and huge button eyes shone from the brown skin of her little round face. Dressed in pink shorts and a frilly white top she didn’t look too threatening, but apparently she didn’t know she was tiny because she flew at those two thugs like an avenging angel, hair whipping out behind in her haste to protect me. The tongue-lashing she gave them was a joy to hear. Everyone in the workplace took notice. Quivering with outrage she stood, toe to toe with the big boy. Hands on her hips she leaned toward him trying for face to face but ending with face to chest. This didn’t diminish her attack in any way. She stretched up on her toes to reach him better and yelled up at him.
“Stop it. Leave that puppy alone you morons. Stop it at once. How dare you hurt a poor defenseless baby.
Baby! Who’s she calling a baby?
Where’s your mother?” She grabbed at them, trying to push them away. Of course the boys being much bigger, this had no effect, so my little angel hurtled toward me, shoving in between me and the boys like my brothers heading for the dinner bowl. I bet she could take them all on without breathing hard. Hands on tiny hips she glowered at the two bullies, indignation evident in every taut, quivering muscle. She glared at everyone in the store, eyes sweeping back and forth with the intensity of searchlights, waiting for someone to collect their little darlings. No mothers stepped forward. The gang of two stared at the girl in astonishment, then at each other, shrugged and moved away to find another source of amusement. My pint-sized heroine tossed her head in contempt before turning her attention to me, sprinting over to see if I was all right.
She clucked her tongue and felt me all over with gentle concern, probing for tender spots or bumps. “Poor puppy, did those blithering half-wits hurt you?” She crooned as she stroked me.
 I had a little trouble with ‘blithering half-wits’ but I got the idea and licked her all over and then some, grateful to be free of the little tyrants. She giggled so much everyone else started to laugh. She turned to her mom, dragging her by the skirt over to my corner, yanking on it to punctuate her plea. “Mom, he’s so cute isn’t he? Can we take him home, please, please, please?”
Mom’s bemused gaze switched back and forth between her daughter, Diane and me. Twitching her skirt free of the vice-like grip which threatened to pull it down, she squatted next to my little angel, her face easy to read as it changed first to a concerned frown and then morphed into a wide smile as I sat licking air in her direction. “He’s adorable sweetheart, but young puppies need constant care and attention and he will grow into a very big dog in no time. We’re away from home a lot and a little guy like him would be miserable by himself.”
Storm clouds gathered over sweetheart’s little brown face and she opened her mouth to protest when Diane, with the smoothness of long experience, intervened.
“I’m sure you’d take wonderful care of him dear, but Alf is far too young to leave home now. If a puppy is taken from his mother too early it can affect his whole life and you wouldn’t want that, would you?”
Sweetheart’s mouth closed and a frown of fierce concentration covered her little forehead as she digested this information. Long moments passed as we all tensed before the frown disappeared and her face screwed up in an effort to prevent tears. She tore her gaze away from me and shook her head. “No,” she whispered, gaze fixed on the floor, “I wouldn’t.”
A long conversation followed about the expense and terms of care of an Airedale puppy, which is kind of boring, so I won’t tell you here. Suffice it to say my avenging angel and her mother left after that, the little one staring back at me until the door closed behind her. I’ll always remember that little girl. Diane still took me to her workplace but my angel never came again. On those future visits Diane kept a vigilant eye on all the children who wandered near me, so things improved.
In between being poked and petted, my curiosity got the better of me and I ventured out to explore and sniff for messages, trying to figure out what went on there. This workplace interested me. Chairs and shelves and assorted strange looking instruments lined the walls while rows of small high tables stood in the middle. The air held the scent of many dogs and strange odors, harsh, chemical ones which wrinkled my nose and pleasing scents, clean and fresh. The tables had long poles attached with a loop on the end. A mass of hair covered the floor, dog hair, good for snuffling, I wondered about that until one day Diane let me watch as she lifted a poodle onto one of the tables and started giving him a haircut. Did that mean I’d have to have a haircut? Hmm. I would ask mom. Why anyone would want to work shut up in a room all day is beyond me. The human world seems odd to me but I know I need to figure it out. As I said, we’ve lived with human companions since the earliest wolves bargained for food. People need us. It’s a very important career and I love puzzles.
At home during the day I play with my brothers and sisters when they let me, and chase leaves and stuff, a much better way to spend time, but over the last few days Diane has been stuffing me in a small box and making it clear she wanted me to stay there. This game of hers didn’t match my idea of a game but people are weird so I put up with it. The box has soft sides and mesh windows and has just about enough room for me to lie in it. There’s no way to play but Diane looks pleased so I do what she wants, for a while.
About the time Diane started this, some of my brothers and sisters went away and haven’t come back. I’m not too upset about this, it means fewer bruises and more food, but something is happening. Deciding to find out what, and astute as I am, it wasn’t long before I noticed mom was not her usual self. Her gorgeous red hair lay lank and dull and the coarse black saddle hair on her back had lost its usual shine. She lay watching us, an expression of such sadness in her golden eyes that I grew concerned, so I left the play area and ambled over to sit next to her under the shade of a big tree.
“What’s up mom, are you okay?”
Mom watched the rest of the family play as she answered. “You’re all growing so fast, before long you’ll be as big as me.”
“Cool” I said. “I can’t wait.”
Mom sighed. “Alf, there are eleven of you and with all the rest of us here we’re too crowded. Soon you’ll all be gone.”
“Leave?” I asked aghast. “What do you mean, leave?”
“It’s all part of growing up Alf. Just like humans, when we grow up we go out into the world and find another home and another life.”
“Why?”
“There isn’t enough room here for our entire family. Daisy will have puppies soon and there will be nowhere to put them.”
“New puppies are why we have to leave?”
“Everyone has to live their own life Alf. Some of your brothers and sisters have already left for their new homes. I’m sad because they went far away and we will never see them again, but it’s the way it has to be. Diane makes sure you all go to loving families who have good homes and enclosed yards, so you shouldn’t be afraid. You should look forward to a new adventure. Your dad and I expect you to carry the Airedale standard with you and make your new family proud.”
I stopped talking, horrified at this news – to be taken away from my family to a strange place, so soon. I’d barely had my eyes open long enough to explore this place. This was going to be a bad thing, I knew, despite Mom’s assurances. So I said, “But I’ll be lonely without you and what if there aren’t any other pups to play with and how come you guys get to stay here? I don’t want to go.”
Mom explained. “In this matter, we’re the same as a human family. We love you all and don’t want any of you to go and that’s why I’m sad but your dad and I and your uncles and aunts got here the same way.”
My jaw unlocked itself. I had loads of questions and started peppering them at her, but she wouldn’t answer any more and sent me off to play. I trudged away worried and despondent. My life had just been taken from me, turned from happy and joyous to scary and miserable. As I walked away, contemplating this awful news, my head went down in thought and my tail crept between my legs, what there was of it. It’s kind of hard to put half a tail between your legs. I have no memory of the experience but the vet cut half of it off when I was a few days old, so I never missed it. Mom said the Romans were responsible for this barbaric practice; those pesky Romans again, nasty people. They believed cutting off a dog’s tail prevented rabies, can’t imagine why, but one of my brothers told me it was because Airedales hunt small animals down in their burrows and sometimes they got stuck in them, so a shortened tail was a useful handle to haul us out of a sticky situation. Someone else told me there’s even a story about a tax on dogs’ tails. The rich people would leave their dogs’ tails alone because they could afford the tax. The poor people couldn’t and would chop off the tail to avoid payment. Those poor pooches were called curtailed dogs, which got shortened to cur. You learn something every day don’t you? As for those tax collectors, talk about a pound of flesh. What is tax anyway? In any event, one good thing occurred. I got more food and put on more weight each day. Soon I’d be too big for Diane’s box which I now viewed as the evil instrument of my departure. My unhappy musings evaporated when a tiny yellow thing fluttered by and kept flying round my head, a butterfly Diane called it. Entranced I chased after it for ages but it always flew higher than I could reach. I soon forgot about leaving and ran off to continue the hunt.

End of sample


ABOUT THE AUTHOR



P.J. Erickson is the author of two previous novels and a member of the National Writers Association. She is the willing sidekick of her third Airedale, two-year old Jake. In between adventures with him and transcribing Alf’s dictation, she enjoys life in the Sunshine State. She loves chocolate, hates housework and sailing and is driven to write. Want to know more? Check out her interview here.



CONTACT P.J.




Contact P.J. at mailto:pj@embarqmail.com
Follow her on twitter @pjauthor
Follow her on pinterest 

Check out Alf’s web page
Like Alf on Facebook at his Alf Airedale page




Author’s Note


P. J. here. I hope you had as much fun reading Yokche as I had writing it. If you loved it, you’ll love Kill Devil. Check out the sample chapter above.
 If Yokche wasn’t for you, consider shooting me an Email with the reasons. It is obviously not my intention to leave readers disappointed and I am always happy to hear from you.
In any event, thank you for choosing Yokche for your reading entertainment, and if you’re moved to leave a review where you purchased the book, please know that your effort is greatly appreciated. 



Return to Table of Contents
