Thursday Mystery
A Hannah Scrabble
Cozy Novelette

By Marty Donnellan



Pine Cone Press
Copyright © 2015 Marty Donnellan
All rights reserved.

ISBN: 9781311907226



“Thursday Mystery” is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is coincidental and not intended. Mountain City, NC is a fictitious location.
Table of Contents

1, Thursday, August 4
2, Thursday, August 11
3, Thursday, August 18
4, Thursday, August 25
5, Friday, August 26
6, Saturday, August 27
7, Monday, August 29
8, Thursday, September 1
9, Friday, September 2
10, Monday, September 5 (1)
11, Monday, September 5 (2)
12, Monday, September 5 (3)
13, Monday, September 5 (4)
14, Monday, September 5 (5)
About The Author
Other Books by Marty Donnellan
Preview – Mountain City Murder, a Hannah Scrabble Cozy Mystery




1
Thursday, August 4

July, 1977

***
The sky was dark, and a hard rain pelted the black pavement. Ducking under her umbrella, Hannah Scrabble bolted from her truck across the flooded parking lot to safety under the portico of the Mountain City Public Library.  
“Blast this rain!” she cried, bursting through the double doors. With a gasp, she put a censuring finger to her own lips, but too late. The librarian, a plump, matronly woman known to Hannah as Mrs. Partridge, had turned sharply and thrown her the disapproving look librarians are famous for, even though the library was nearly empty. Only the round man in the armchair was there, reading The New York Times as usual.
Hannah sheepishly removed her wet poncho and closed her dripping umbrella, carefully laying both on the foyer floor by the door. She wrung out the bottom of her plaid maxi-dress and inspected her watch for water damage. The seconds hand was still moving, and the time read 3:30pm, the same as the wall clock.  She peeped into her waterproof satchel. Thankfully, the writing materials inside were dry.  
“Hello, Mrs. Partridge,” she whispered, approaching the counter. 
Mrs. Partridge’s expression had lost its severity. “Hannah, your dress!” she whispered back. “Will this rain ever end?”
“I sure hope so. My tomatoes are drowning. They like water, but not this much. Got any new books?”
Every Thursday, rain or shine, Hannah whispered the same question to Mrs. Partridge. Thursday was library day, the one afternoon Hannah was free from Dickson’s, the large printing company where she freelanced as a typesetter. She looked forward to her library time, using it to read a little but mainly work on her Trick Parker spy thrillers. So far she had completed two novels and was midway through the third. She had also received rejection notices from thirty three publishing houses, but tried not to let that discourage her.
Mrs. Partridge was reaching under the counter. “Yes, we got another crafting book in just yesterday. ‘Soft-Sculpting Dolls for Fun and Profit’. Take-off on those new Cabbage Patch dolls.” She pulled out an oversized volume whose cover featured five awkward looking, gnome-like dolls in ill-fitting calico dresses. “Looks, uh, interesting.”
Both women squealed at a fresh peel of thunder outside. The round man glanced at them in annoyance from the top of his newspaper, causing Mrs. Partridge to blush.
Composing herself, Hannah looked back down at the book. “What strange dolls,” she whispered. “What are they made of?”
“Pantyhose, it says. You stuff the hose and do the sculpting with needle and thread.”
“Oh.” Hannah thumbed through the book and took a second look at the cover. The dolls staring back at her were supposedly female, but one of them resembled the elderly, puffy-faced male investment advisor from the evening news.
She handed it back. “Thanks, but I think I’ll keep working on teddy bears for now. I made my first bear from the book you saved for me the other week.”
“Oh? How did it turn out?”
“Pretty good. At least I thought it did, until I gave it to my co-worker Debbie’s ten year old son.”
“What, he was too old for teddy bears?”
Hannah looked taken aback. “Why, no, he said, ‘Thank you, Miss Scrabble’ like always. But Debbie named it Sasquatch.”
“I see.” Mrs. Partridge suppressed a smile. She glanced over at the round man to make sure they weren’t disturbing him. 
“Well, I’ll keep an eye out in case anything else comes in. I know how much you love making things, and what with our nation’s Bicentennial celebration last year, handcrafts are really making a comeback.”
“True, but I’m not sure they had pantyhose back in 1776,” Hannah whispered back. “Actually, all I really need today are all the National Geographics you might have with articles about Trinidad, and also anything about helicopters.”
“Let me guess, Trick Parker is hanging out of a helicopter in Trinidad and you need to find a way to get him back in.”
“How did you know?” Hannah fumed. She would have to change the plot if Mrs. Partridge could guess it so easily. She kept telling herself not to mention her writing to anyone, but it was hard keeping so large a passion a secret. Hannah loved writing even more than gardening, baking, typesetting and taking care of Rufus, the homely, wall-eyed goat she had raised from his birth. Maybe even more than the small, tidy farmhouse and thirty six acres she inherited from her parents, who had been killed in a car accident five years before.
Passing the round man in the armchair, she sat down at her favorite table to await her materials. The table was by the window, halfway between the front counter and the children’s section in the back. It wasn’t always available, but today’s storm had kept the usual library-goers away. Rain spattered against the window and the trees outside thrashed.
After pushing the wettest part of her skirt away from her legs, she reached into her satchel and withdrew a stack of bound index cards. She removed the rubber band and thoughtfully examined each card, placing it on the table as if it was part of some elaborate card game or fortune telling ritual. After she arranged the cards, she took out several spiral-bound notebooks and sharpened pencils. 
Planting her elbows on the table, she rested her chin in her hands and allowed her mind to drift. She had recently turned thirty one, and could not remember a time when the Mountain City Library was not there. The place was much the same as when her mother brought her as a little girl, exciting and quietly energizing. Even in the year of Thursdays she had been coming in to write, nothing had changed.  The same nicked wooden shelves were filled with the same faded clothbound books, the library officiated by the same stern yet friendly librarian. 
And no matter who else was there when she arrived at 3:30pm, the same round, pallid gentleman was always sitting in his corner armchair, always reading The New York Times or The New Yorker Magazine, or, occasionally, Aviation Today. In fact, he somewhat resembled the male characters in the older New Yorker cartoons, round and balding and bland. And every week before he left at 4pm, he checked out the same faded, blue-green clothbound book.
Hannah’s eyes, which had drifted shut, blinked open. She glanced at the man. His face was hidden behind his newspaper, and the table beside his armchair was empty. The same book? Why would a person check out the same book every week for a whole year? The library’s checkout period was three weeks, but even so, why check out the same book over and over? No book was that good, not even a Trick Parker thriller.
Maybe it wasn’t the same book, maybe it just looked like it. After all, the library was filled with faded clothbound books, and more than one of them was blue-green. What a funny thing memory was. Here she had witnessed this extremely odd occurrence every week for the past year, but had never really noticed it until today. Some amateur detective she turned out to be.
Mrs. Partridge appeared with an armload of magazines and laid them quietly on the table. “Here are the periodicals you wanted, plus the new Ladies Home Journal. It has a special article with The First Lady making a wreath out of dried flowers and a glue gun.”
“Thank you,” Hannah whispered, looking up distractedly.
“Is anything wrong?”
“No, uh, my socks are just wet. My feet itch.”
Hannah grimaced for effect, and Mrs. Partridge clucked sympathetically before bustling away. Thunder sounded again, and the lights flickered. Hannah reached for a pencil and one of the spiral-bound notebooks, opening it to where she had left off.
“Grasping at the rope he wished was there, Trick dangled from the elevator by one foot,” she wrote. She frowned – it was a helicopter, not elevator. She erased her mistake. Her pencil hovered over the page.
“Grasping at the rope he wished was there but wasn’t, Trick dangled from the helicopter by one foot. ‘But what about the blue-green book?’ he yelled over the loud whir of the blades.”
She slapped her pencil down. It was no use. Trick himself was telling her that he would have to wait. 
She picked up the pencil again and rotated it in her fingers. Why would the round man keep checking out the same book? And when did he return it? It must be some time during the week when she wasn’t there. Or possibly before she arrived on Thursdays. Surely Mrs. Partridge was aware of the strangeness of it all. Hannah wrote down her questions.
The next time she glanced at her watch, it was 3:55pm. She tried to recall what the round man always did at this point. Would he rise to select the book from one of the shelves? Or was he already holding it in his lap?
As she pondered her questions, the round man folded the newspaper into quarters and laid it on the table. Hannah lowered her forehead into her hand and pretended to scribble in her notebook, but instead, peeked at him through two fingers. The book was not in his lap. He rose with some effort, strolled to the “S-T” aisle, and disappeared into it. After a moment he returned to his chair, carrying the book.
“‘Did you see that? How very odd,’ Trick called up to her,” Hannah wrote in her notebook as the round man sat down and leafed through the book. It was 3:59pm. Almost time for him to leave.
As if on cue, he closed the book, got up again and made his way to the counter. Hannah quietly rose as well. Keeping a safe distance and pretending to rub her eyes, she caught a glimpse of the man handing the book to Mrs. Partridge. For a moment it disappeared beneath the counter for processing. Mrs. Partridge smiled at Hannah who had come up behind him.
“Are you all right?” she whispered around his head.
“Eraser shaving in my eye. It’s driving me crazy.”
“Maybe rinse it out with water?” Mrs. Partridge was handing the round man the book which she had sealed in a plastic bag. “This will keep it nice and dry, Mr. Bundy.”
“Thank you.” With a disinterested glance at Hannah, Mr. Bundy turned and headed to the foyer. He unfurled his umbrella and tucked the book into his jacket. After hesitating a moment, he opened the door and disappeared into the still blinding rain.
Hannah looked around. No one else had entered the library in the last half hour, at least not that she could tell. Still rubbing her eyes, she stood uncertainly, weighing whether or not to mention the blue-green book.
“Yes, Hannah?” Mrs. Partridge inquired.
Making up her mind, Hannah sighed loudly. “I just can’t seem to get anywhere with my writing today, Mrs. Partridge. Maybe I’ll take a look at that doll making book after all.”
“We all have those days, don’t we?” With a smile, Mrs. Partridge handed her “Soft Sculpture for Fun and Profit”, and Hannah returned to her table.

2
Thursday, August 11

The next Thursday was sunny and hot, the library parking lot half full. Hannah strode into the library at 2:45pm.
“You’re early today,” Mrs. Partridge whispered from the counter.
“Yes, I’ve got some business at the house later, thought I’d squeeze in my writing beforehand. Here’s the soft sculpture book from last week. Don’t ask to see what I made. Don’t worry, I gave it a decent burial.”
“A decent burial?”
“Yeah, in the back yard. I put it in a 1976 Bicentennial Handcrafts time capsule, along with the photo of Rosalynn Carter and the glue gun.” Hannah and Mrs. Partridge both chuckled at her joke.
“Speaking of the First Lady, isn’t it exciting that she and President Carter will be visiting Mountain City in just a few weeks?” Mrs. Partridge remarked.
“Yes! I hope I get to see him. There are some things I’ve been meaning to ask him.”
Two young mothers were sitting at Hannah’s usual table, so she didn’t need an excuse to find a lookout spot closer to the counter and door. Mr. Bundy had not yet arrived. Hannah opened her satchel and arranged her index cards on the table.
She opened her notebook. A few minutes later she wrote, “Mr. Bundy arrived at 3:15pm with the blue-green book. He returned it to Mrs. Partridge. She stuck it under the counter where I can’t see it. He’s headed toward the news rack now.”
The large pages of The New York Times rustled as Mr. Bundy opened it and settled into his corner armchair. Hannah was still writing a few minutes later when Mrs. Partridge began to push her rolling book cart through the library, placing the returned books back on the shelves. At 3:55pm, Mr. Bundy rose and stretched, disappeared into the S-T aisle, and returned to his armchair with the blue-green book. He thumbed through it, checked it out and departed at 4pm.
Hannah waited until Mrs. Partridge was preoccupied with checkouts. She got up and wandered through the P-R aisle, making a stealthy U-turn at the far end into the S-T aisle, out of the librarian’s view. Quickly she searched for the space which had held the blue-green book. There it was, flanked by a beige book on one side and another blue-green book on the other.
Hannah pulled the second blue-green book from the shelf. It was Treasure Island, by Robert Louis Stevenson. She thumbed through it. Nothing unusual inside. She put it back and returned to her seat, again taking the long route through the P-R aisle. She sat back down and glanced at the counter. Mrs. Partridge did not appear to have noticed her.

3
Thursday, August 18

The following Thursday was overcast and humid, but dry. At 3pm, Hannah parked her truck in the drugstore parking lot across the street from the library. At 3:10pm, she saw a large, wide sedan pull into the library, purposely taking up two parking spaces instead of one. How strange that not only did the round man love The New York Times and The New Yorker Magazine, but even his car, a brand new Chrysler, was named The New Yorker. 
Mr. Bundy emerged, the blue-green book tucked under one arm. Hannah started her truck and quickly pulled into the library as well, parking a few spaces away.
“Hello, Mr. Bundy,” she called, catching up with him as he headed toward the double doors.
He stopped. “How did you know my name?”
“Oh! I heard Mrs. Partridge speaking to you last week. Looks like we’re both here on Thursdays. I just wanted to introduce myself. My name is Hannah Scrabble.”
The man extended a clammy, unexpectedly dainty hand. “Marion Bundy. Yes, I’ve seen you here writing. Are you a student?”
“No,” Hannah said, mildly surprised. “I’m, uh, working on a novel.”
Mr. Bundy’s thin lips curl into a smirk. “Love story?”
“No!” Hannah bristled. “Why would you assume that? It’s a spy thriller.”
Mr. Bundy’s pale, watery eyes roamed over Hannah’s unstyled auburn hair, out-of-date ankle-length dress and combat boots. “Ahhh,” he said with a wan smile. “Jamie Bond and her gaggle of girlfriends crack the case…”
“It’s not like that at all,” Hannah snapped, her temper rising. “His name is Trick Parker and someday he’ll be at least as famous as James Bond.” She colored, aware of how foolish her words sounded.
“Ahhh, another Ian Fleming, right here in Mountain City,” Mr. Bundy goaded. 
Disliking him more intensely each second, Hannah stopped trying to explain herself and stalked ahead of him, her plan to cleverly extract information about the blue-green book forgotten. Angrily, she pushed through the double doors, glaring at Mrs. Partridge as she passed. At least her favorite table was free.
“Hello, Hannah,” Mrs. Partridge whispered after her. “I see you’ve met Mr. Bundy.”
“Hmmph.” Hannah reached her table and yanked the chair away from it. She plopped into her seat as Mr. Bundy strolled into the library and turned in his book.
She reached into her satchel, opened her notebook and wrote, “Trick pointed the gun at Marion Bundy who was now blubbering like a child. He pulled the trigger, firing the gun not into the man’s soft belly as he wished, but several inches above his head as he had been instructed. ‘That will teach you to trifle with Hannah Scrabble,’ he said coldly.”
Having Trick Parker scare the daylights out of Mr. Bundy on paper made Hannah feel a little better. Ugh – he was headed her way. Tossing her an infuriating wink as he passed, he picked up the latest issue of The New Yorker Magazine and sat in his armchair. The magazine covered his face and she stuck out her tongue at him. She blushed – Mrs. Partridge had seen her.
By the time Mrs. Partridge began pushing the rolling cart, Hannah had regained most of her composure. She peeked at Mr. Bundy who was still absorbed in his magazine.
Mrs. Partridge finished and Hannah looked at her watch. She still had a couple of minutes. Quietly, she picked up her notebook and pencil and tiptoed the long way around to the S-T aisle. Now there were two copies of Treasure Island on the shelf. The spine of one of them was marked near the bottom with a large black dot.
Had there been a dot on the copy Hannah had seen on the shelf the previous week? She couldn’t remember. She picked it up and rifled through it. A scrap of paper fell out. She caught it. It was a handwritten message which took up two lines and made absolutely no sense. Obviously, it was written in some sort of code.
Good thing she had brought her notebook and pencil. Her hands shaking, she quickly copied the code, replacing the note inside the book which she then returned to the shelf. Holding her breath, she crept swiftly back to her seat.
No sooner had she sat down than Mr. Bundy put aside his magazine. She hoped he could not hear her heart pounding as he got up and passed her for the second time. Heading to the S-T aisle, he returned a moment later with one of the blue-green books. After taking a moment to scan through it, he took it to the counter, checked it out and left.
Hannah got up and edged to the S-T aisle again, confirming that the book he had taken was the one with the black dot. She quickly rifled through the remaining blue-green book, but there was nothing in it.
She went back to her seat and studied the secret message she had copied. She tried deciphering it by substituting various combinations of letters, but soon gave up. Rubbing her temples, she decided to put it out of her mind for a while. A quick hour passed while she added three new pages to her Trick Parker novel. Before she left, she stopped by to see Mrs. Partridge at the counter.
“I met Mr. Bundy today and it was not a good experience,” she whispered. “Do you know him well?”
“Only through the library. He can be, shall we say, abrasive at times.”
“Abrasive? He’s the rudest man I ever met. Is Thursday the only day he comes in? Maybe I should change library days.”
“If you changed days, he might, too. He’s like that – knows when he’s got your goat, likes to needle. I guess he’s got nothing better to do.”
“He doesn’t have my goat,” Hannah retorted, thinking of Rufus. She hesitated, wondering if the time was right to mention the mystery of the blue-green book. For the second time, she decided against it. She bid her friend goodbye and left.
That night after dinner she went to the guest room, standing before the second-hand blackboard which filled an entire wall. Usually the space was reserved for Trick Parker notes. Tonight she picked up a piece of chalk and carefully wrote down the coded message, as well as her thoughts and theories about the mystery so far. 
Surely Mrs. Partridge must know the reason for the multiple checkouts. Was she involved in some way? Maybe she and Mr. Bundy were exchanging some kind of information. Coded love notes? How childish that sounded. And hadn’t Mrs. Partridge intimated that she didn’t care for Mr. Bundy any more than Hannah did? 
Maybe the two of them were colleagues in crime, involved in some kind of drug or money laundering ring. But Mrs. Partridge was so pleasant and tactful and motherly, it was hard to imagine her doing anything illegal or wrong. If she was involved, Hannah was not sure she wanted to know about it.
Hannah’s thoughts swung back and forth, unable to reach any conclusions. One thing was certain – she needed to decode the message. She also needed to find out for certain if Mrs. Partridge had put it there. And see if Mr. Bundy was hiding his own notes in the books he was returning. 
Hannah smiled as an idea occurred to her.


4
Thursday, August 25

The fourth Thursday was hot, bright and unseasonably windy. Hannah pulled her truck into the library parking lot seconds after Mr. Bundy eased his boat-like New Yorker into the customary two spaces. She got out a moment after he did.
“Hello, Mr. Bundy, what a coincidence,” she called, catching up with him. Mr. Bundy nodded but kept walking, the blue-green book tucked under his arm.
“I’m sorry I got so defensive last week,” Hannah went on in what she hoped was a disarming, girlish voice. “I know I’m way too sensitive about my writing.”
“Women.” Mr. Bundy appeared lost in thought, not in the mood to talk.
A gust of warm wind lifted Hannah’s cotton maxi-dress to her knees and she flattened it back down. “You’re right, I know I get upset too easily. Sometimes I probably just need to read more and write less. What do you recommend? What are you reading?”
“What, this? Treasure Island,” Mr. Bundy said, startled.
“Treasure Island! What a fine choice!” Hannah exclaimed. “Is that the edition with the famous N. C. Wyeth illustrations?” She plucked the book from his grasp.
“Hey!” Mr. Bundy grabbed at the book, knocking it from her hands to the pavement.
“Oh, I’m so sorry! Here, I’ll get it.” Reaching down, Hannah lifted it by the back cover and jostled it open. A slip of paper fell out. A brisk breeze caught the paper and bounced it across the pavement.
“Stupid bimbo!” Mr. Bundy snarled. He lunged at the scrap but it swirled into the air away from him. Hannah dashed forward, catching it just in time. Keeping her back turned, she took a quick look. It was another coded two-line message which she quickly memorized. Turning back, she picked the book off the ground and handed the man both items. 
“Here you go, no harm done, right? My, what a wind today! By the way, sir, this is 1977. You shouldn’t call women bimbos.”
“I call them as I see them,” he retorted, causing Hannah’s jaw to drop. 
Shoving the paper back into the book, Mr. Bundy turned and stalked ahead of her. As he pushed through the double doors, Hannah hurried back to her truck and wrote down the coded message in her notebook before she could forget it. She followed him into the library.
“Hello, Mrs. Partridge,” she whispered.
“Hello, Hannah. Are you all right? You look flushed.” 
“I’m fine. The wind, uh, about blew my truck off the road.” 
Mrs. Partridge glanced at Mr. Bundy who had taken his seat and was shaking open his newspaper, but with a bit more force than usual. “Still thinking about changing library days?”
Hannah batted a hand. “I’ve run across worse chauvinists than that.” But her eyes were still flashing.
“By the way, I have something for you, if you want it.” Mrs. Partridge reached into a drawer. “It’s a spare ticket, for a helicopter tour of Mountain City and Black Lake.”
Hannah stared. “A helicopter tour?” 
“Yes. It’s for Labor Day, which is September 5th. I bought it for my nephew who lives in Florida, but he’s had to postpone his visit. Hannah, what? You’re as white as a sheet!”
“I am? Sorry.” The younger woman hesitated. “I appreciate your thinking of me, Mrs. Partridge, really I do. But, I… well, the truth is, I’m kind of nervous about flying. I know, statistically it’s safer than driving, blah blah and so on, but all the same…”
“But Trick Parker flies all over the place –” 
“I know, I know! Trick is fearless. And I’m too chicken to even fly in a helicopter. You don’t have to tell me how pathetic that is.”
“Trick is what made me think of you in the first place,” Mrs. Partridge told her. “Remember how you were asking for information on helicopters just the other week? Nothing beats firsthand experience.”
There was a pause, and then Hannah frowned. “You know, Mrs. Partridge, you’re right. I should just take that ticket, shouldn’t I? I shouldn’t let anything like abject terror keep me from making my novels the best they can possibly be, should I?”
Mrs. Partridge laughed out loud, then put a finger to her own lips. “No, you shouldn’t. But a helicopter is nothing like a jet. I’ve been in one and it’s fun, and the scenery can’t be beat. In fact, I’ll go with you if you like. I’ve got the other ticket.”
“Really? That would be nice. I wouldn’t be nearly so nervous if you were there – at least I don’t think I would.” 
“Then it’s all settled. I’m not sure of the exact time, but the address and phone are on the back of the ticket. I’ll see you next Thursday, Hannah, and then I’ll see you in the helicopter!”
That night during her solitary dinner, Hannah imagined herself riding in the helicopter with Mrs. Partridge. Of course helicopter tours were safe – otherwise they wouldn’t be allowed, and people wouldn’t pay good money for them. And the experience would give her information for her book, not to mention a great opportunity to find out what Mrs. Partridge knew about the blue-green book. And they wouldn’t even have to whisper.
After dinner, Hannah tried out the two coded messages in various positions on the cleared table. She could make no sense of them, either alone or together. Perhaps the library had some books on secret codes. But, no, that would give her away. She needed to ascertain Mrs. Partridge’s involvement first.
She sighed. It might be time to admit she needed help. Who was the smartest person she knew? That was easy – Ben Scrabble, her younger brother and Mountain City’s Assistant District Attorney.
“Let me rephrase that,” she said out loud. “Who is the smartest person I know who will actually help me?”
Trick Parker’s swarthy face floated into her mind. “Debbie Jackson, my dear,” he said. “Debbie Jackson is the agent you need.”


5
Friday, August 26

The next morning, Hannah clocked in at Dickson’s and sat down at her typesetting workstation next to Debbie, her co-worker and friend. Debbie was reaching into an open bag of M&Ms when she noticed Hannah sneaking glances at her. Her hand paused in mid-air.
“I know that look.” 
“What look?” Hannah protested.
“That sneaky look that says you’re trying to rope me into one of your schemes.”
“It’s not a scheme, just a little something I need help with.”
Debbie arched an eyebrow. “A little something. Remember last time?”
“It’s not like that, I promise,” Hannah said, batting away the memory of the SWAT team which had surrounded them during a previous escapade. “I just need some help figuring out a coded message I found in the library. Two of them, actually. I’m not getting anywhere with it.” Hannah withdrew a sheet of paper from her purse and handed it to Debbie. “I found the message on top first,” she said with a hopeful smile.
“You ‘found’ it.” With a sigh, Debbie squinted down at the sheet. After a minute she handed it back.
“Beats me what it means.” 
“Oh.” Hannah’s smile faded.
Debbie brightened. “But I bet Jamal can figure it out.”
“Jamal? He’s ten years old!”
“Exactly. Kids are great at this stuff. The backs of his comic books are filled with all kinds of crazy codes and puzzles and things. He’ll solve it in no time. Aw, don’t look so skeptical. Wasn’t it one of your famous writers who said, ‘If you want to really see something, take along a kid’?”
“I don’t recall any famous writer saying that. But when can I see Jamal?”
Debbie thought a moment. “Follow me home today after work and you can show it to him while I make dinner. And you can stay and eat, of course.”
That evening, as the tempting aroma of Salisbury steak and macaroni and cheese wafted into the living room from Debbie’s small kitchen, Hannah and Jamal sat stiffly at opposite ends of the couch. To break the ice, Debbie had seated Hannah’s handmade teddy bear Sasquatch between them. Debbie worked in the kitchen while Hannah tried to strike up a conversation with Jamal.
“So, you like the teddy bear?”
“Yes, ma’am,” Jamal said in a barely audible voice, his eyes fixed on Hannah’s combat boots. Jamal was a polite, studious child, a boy Hannah could not recall ever having smiled. She tried again.
“How’s school going?”
“Fine.”
“What did you learn today?”
“Stuff.”
“Jamal, get over there closer to her, she won’t bite,” Debbie ordered from the kitchen. “Hannah, you act like you never been around a youngun’ before. Just pretend he’s that goat.”
Jamal reluctantly complied, and Hannah scooted over a notch or two. Sasquatch continued to stare straight ahead between them. Hannah decided to plunge in.
“Jamal, the reason I’m here is because I need your help with a mystery.”
Jamal’s dark eyes flickered to Hannah’s face and back to her boots. “Really?” he murmured.
“Yes.” Hannah pulled the sheet of paper from her purse. “This is a copy I made of two messages I found hidden in some library books. They look like they’re in some kind of secret code, don’t they? Your mom and I couldn’t figure them out since we’re grownups, but she said you were really smart and that I should show them to you.”
To Hannah’s surprise, Jamal’s stony face transformed, flooding with interest and excitement.
“Really? Can I see them?” 
“Sure.” Smiling, Hannah handed him the sheet. His face turned serious again as he spent the next few minutes poring over it. His brow was so furrowed and he looked so especially solemn that Hannah decided he must be as stumped as his mother had been. She was about to ask for the sheet back when he looked up.
“You said this was just a copy?”
“Yes.”
“Where are the ones you found in the books?”
“I left them at home.”
“Oh.” The boy frowned. “Well, did you try putting them in the freezer or running them over a light bulb?”
“Why would I do that?” Hannah exclaimed.
“Maybe the people wrote it in lemon juice or invisible ink or with an erasable pen. The real message might appear.”
“Oh. I’ll have to try that when I get home. In the meantime, what do you think all these letters mean?”
“I don’t know yet. Can I cut this sheet apart?”
“Be my guest.”
Jamal jumped up from the couch, returning a moment later with a large pair of scissors. 
“Be careful with those,” Hannah warned. Debbie laughed from the kitchen.
“Hey girl, you’re getting the hang of kids real quick. Don’t want anyone stabbing himself.”
Carefully fitting his small thumb and fingers into the unwieldy scissor handles, Jamal cut the two messages apart, further separating each line until he had created four small strips. With a child-sized grunt, he got up again, returning with a pencil, a roll of tape and a spiral-bound notebook similar to Hannah’s.
Opening the notebook in his lap, he taped the first line of the first message near the top of the page, followed by the second line midway down. He repeated the process with the second message on the opposite page. Hannah looked over his shoulder as he first wrote and then erased various combinations of letters underneath them.
“Dinner’s ready,” Debbie announced.
“But I haven’t solved the code yet,” Jamal protested.
“I’ll solve your code if you don’t get to this table. You and Miss Scrabble can keep working after you eat. Go on and wash your hands.”
Jamal sighed. “Yes, ma’am.”
After Debbie asked the blessing and they began their meal, Jamal turned shyly to Hannah. “Do you know who my favorite president is?”
“Jimmy Carter?”
“He’s okay, but no, it’s Thomas Jefferson. I’m mad he had slaves and all, but I think it’s cool he made up so many secret codes. He even invented this coding wheel thing to send important government messages that the bad guys couldn’t read.” He frowned. “I don’t think the secret messages you found use his wheel, though.”
Hannah laughed. “You’re probably right about that. I like history, too, Jamal. Did you know that besides his wheel cipher, Thomas Jefferson also invented a macaroni machine? He fed the pasta dough into the machine and out came macaroni! I bet he liked mac and cheese as much as you do.”
“Now, you know they didn’t have mac and cheese back then,” Debbie scoffed. “At least not the way I make it.”
“How do you know?” Jamal and Hannah retorted in unison, and they all laughed.
Jamal turned his attention to his dinner, quickly devouring it before excusing himself to continue working on the messages. Debbie and Hannah lingered at the table, chatting.
“You sure got him to open up,” Debbie remarked after some office talk. “Usually he don’t talk to no one.”
“I’m amazed, too,” Hannah admitted.
“Ha! I’ve got it!” Jamal exulted from the living room.
Proudly he carried his notebook into the dining room, laying it on the table next to Hannah. The young woman’s eyes widened. 
On the top line, Jamal had written each letter of the alphabet. Under it in about a third of the positions was its corresponding code letter. Below the two lines was the first part of the first coded message.

PAYMENT RECIEVED

“That’s astounding!” Hannah said. She squinted at the message.
“How funny, though, they spelled ‘received’ wrong.”
“Criminals these days…” Debbie said with a shrug.
“Now that I’ve got most of the vowels and a few of the consonants, the rest will be easier,” Jamal told them. 
“Jamal, you’re amazing,” Hannah said.
“I told you he was smart,” Debbie said. “Gets it from me.”
Jamal kept working on the code as Debbie and Hannah watched. There was more writing and erasing, but slowly the rest of the first message appeared.

ALL SYSTEMS GO LABOR DAY SEPTEMBER FIFTH

Transfixed, the two women watched as the second message appeared.

ALL SYSTEMS GO GET CARTER
 
Hannah gasped. “Get Carter? Oh, my God! President Carter is supposed to visit Mountain City on Labor Day!”
Debbie snatched up the notebook and slammed it shut.
“Jamal Kelly, you are hereby officially removed from the case.” She wheeled on Hannah. “Hannah Scrabble, how could you? He’s just a little boy!”
“I didn’t know it would be a plot to assassinate the president!” Hannah cried. “And you’re the one who invited me to dinner so Jamal could work on the code.”
Debbie burst into frantic tears. “You’re right. This is all my fault. I’m the worst mother in the world.”
Hannah shook her head vigorously. “No, you’re not, you’re a great mother. Look how he’s turning out.”
“It’s not him, it’s you, Hannah Scrabble, you’re the problem,” Debbie wailed. “You’re always finding out something terrible that puts everyone in danger. I shouldn’t have let my baby anywhere near you.”
Jamal’s dark, serious eyes were darting from Hannah to his mother as they continued their heated discussion. “Maybe they meant some other Carter. Like Billy,” he interrupted.
“Who would want to assassinate Billy Carter?” Hannah exclaimed.
“And Billy ain’t the Carter that’s coming to Mountain City,” Debbie cried, erupting into renewed tears.
“Then maybe it’s Miss Lillian. Please don’t take me off the case, Mom. I want to help Miss Scrabble. Me and her are a team.”
“No, Jamal. Miss Scrabble is going to call the police as soon as she gets home. Miss Scrabble is going to tell them she solved the secret code. Aren’t you, Miss Scrabble?”
“Yes, of course I am,” Hannah said. “Jamal, as much as the police and I could use you on the case, your mother is right. Your life could be in danger just for knowing about this message. If I had known it was anything like this, I never, ever would have involved you. Please don’t say a word to anyone. I would die if anything happened to you. Please, Jamal.”
“Not even your dad or grandma,” Debbie emphasized. “If you do, you’re grounded forever, do you hear me?”
Now it was Jamal’s turn to burst into tears. He rushed from the room crying, “It’s not fair! I hate you both! It’s not fair!”
Tears were streaming down Hannah’s face, too, remembering how it felt to be hot on the trail of an important case, and have well meaning but ignorant people constantly trying to stop her. She turned to Debbie.
“At least the message doesn’t say where the assassination attempt will take place,” she said in a low voice. 
Debbie jabbed her finger toward the front door.
“Dinner,” she said, “is officially over.”

6
Saturday, August 27

The next morning, Hannah strode into Mountain City’s tiny police station clutching the paper Jamal had decoded. Behind a stained wooden railing sat the officer in charge, a surly, bloated man whose battered desk plaque read, “Sergeant Avis T. Bloomberry”.
Hannah’s brother Ben, who she had finally called for advice, had told her Sergeant Bloomberry would be the officer on duty. Ben had not mentioned, however, how hung over the man would look. Hannah cleared her throat.
“Excuse me. Sergeant Bloomberry?”
“What can I do for you, little lady?” Sergeant Bloomberry murmured, barely looking up from the report he was writing.
“My name isn’t little lady. It’s Hannah Scrabble, and I’ve got something you might be interested in.”
Sergeant Bloomberry put down his pen and took a sip of his coffee. He looked up at her with hollow eyes circled with gray. “And what might that be?”
“A secret message detailing a plot to assassinate President Jimmy Carter when he visits Mountain City next week.”
Sergeant Bloomberry spat out the steaming brown liquid. “Ugh! Look what you made me do.” He snatched up his soaked report and looked around for something to wipe it with.
“I’m sorry to startle you,” Hannah said, handing him a tissue from her purse. “The messages were written in a secret code. It tells when the attack will happen, but not precisely where. That’s one of the reasons I need your help.”
Scowling, Sergeant Bloomsbury cleaned his soiled report and laid it aside. He got up and pushed through the small gate separating the offices from the waiting area. He took the sheet and looked it over. His bloodshot eyes returned to Hannah’s plain, earnest face.
“So, you figured this out all by yourself?” he asked, looking and sounding even more tired than before.
“Yes,” Hannah lied.
“And you found it, where?”
“I found the originals in some books in the Mountain City Library, last Thursday.”
“Any idea who put ’em there?”
Hannah hesitated. “No. I was just checking out books and there they were.” As far as she was concerned, the odious Mr. Bundy had more than proven his involvement, but she would need a lot more evidence before she incriminated sweet Mrs. Partridge.
The sergeant brushed his fingers over Jamal’s inexpertly placed strips of Scotch tape. “So, this isn’t the original, you say?”
“No.” Hannah reached into her purse and withdrew a plastic sandwich bag. “The originals are safe in here,” she said. “Maybe there are still fingerprints or something.”
Sergeant Bloomberry took the bag. “Maybe. Well. We certainly appreciate you bringing this in, Ms. uhhh…”
“Hannah Scrabble.”
“Scrabble. Any relation to –?”
“Ben Scrabble is my brother.”
“Ahhh. Well, we’ll, uh, get right on this, Ms. Scrabble. I’ll need you to fill out some paperwork before you go.” 
“Please assure me you’ll take the threat seriously,” Hannah said, forcing Sergeant Bloomberry’s eyes to meet hers. “A man’s life, our president’s life – our country’s future! – are at stake.”
“Yes, ma’am, there’s no need to worry.” Sergeant Bloomberry took Hannah’s elbow and steered her back through the gate to a chair opposite his desk. He attempted a chuckle.
“There will all kinds of security on the President anyway. Those Secret Service guys really know their stuff. After all, they’ve been protecting presidents since 1865.”
“Actually, President Abraham Lincoln formed the Secret Service to combat counterfeiting,” Hannah corrected him. “Did you know the day he established the Secret Service was also the day he was assassinated?”
“Uh, is that right,” Sergeant Bloomberry said, looking confused.
“Yes. But it took another thirty six years for Congress to add the protection of the President to the Secret Service’s list of duties.”
“Well, aren’t we just like our brother, just a little walking encyclopedia. Have a seat, Ms. Scrabble.” 
“I’ll take that as a compliment, and thank you.” Hannah sat down and filled out the two pages of paperwork Sergeant Bloomberry handed her.
After she left the police station, she peeked back in the window and saw him massaging his temples. She stalked to her truck and stamped her foot.
“Oh! That drunken fool isn’t going to do a thing. Why do the police never believe me?”


7
Monday, August 29

Monday morning Debbie plopped into the seat of her workstation next to Hannah’s.
“It’s not like you to be late.” Hannah noted the dark circles under her friend’s eyes. “How is Jamal?”
“He’s crushed. Wants to go live with his daddy because I’m so mean. Says he can’t wait to grow up and be a secret agent like Miss Scrabble. Thanks a pant load.”
“How many times can I say I’m sorry? I feel awful that he’s been hurt. I never should have come over. Could you… could you give him this for me?” She reached over and handed Debbie a small paper bag.
“What is it?”
“A little soft-sculptured doll I made the other week.”
“A what-sculptured doll?”
“A soft-sculptured doll. It’s made out of a nylon sock. It was supposed to be a lady doll but it kind of turned into a cat. Jamal will love it.”
Debbie reached into the bag and pulled out the doll. Dressed in calico shorts and a vest, it was lumpy and misshapen, with stubby arms and legs, two mismatched ears and an unintentionally threatening expression.
“You, uh, made this?”
“Yes. Tell Jamal there’s another secret message hidden in the pants pocket.”
“Another message?” Debbie’s voice rose. “Who’s gonna be rubbed out this time, the Pope?”
“No, Debbie, this is just a fun code I made up myself. Jamal will enjoy figuring it out.”
With a sigh, Debbie returned the doll to the bag and put it aside. “Okay, I’ll give it to him. It can be a special friend to Sasquatch.” She brightened a little. “So, what did the cops say? You did talk to them, right?”
“I certainly did. You’ll be happy to know that Sergeant Avis T. Bloomberry filed the report himself. Ben had told me how arrogant he can be in court, and he was no different at the station. He brushed me off in the most condescending way. Said the Secret Service would handle security and not to trouble myself about it one little bit. Hmm. Maybe I’ll contact the Secret Service myself. Or the FBI.”
“Ain’t they the same thing?” Debbie said, her attention wandering as she reached for the top assignment on her stack of jobs.
Hannah had opened her desk drawer and was hunting for her favorite plastic typesetting gauge. “No, they’re different. The Directors of the Secret Service and FBI are both appointed by the President. But the Secret Service is still part of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, while the FBI reports directly to the Oval Office.”
“How fascinating,” Debbie mumbled, opening a folder.
“I’ve also got to find out exactly what time my helicopter ride is,” Hannah added. “The ticket didn’t say.” 
Debbie’s hand paused. “Your what?”
Hannah looked up. “Oh, didn’t I tell you? Mrs. Partridge at the library gave me a spare ticket for a helicopter ride over Mountain City and Black Lake. It’s the same day as the President’s visit.”
“But you’ll be busy that day and don’t you hate flying?”
“Yes. I have scary airplane crash dreams all the time. But after thinking it over, I decided to go ahead with it, because I’m writing this scene where –” She cut herself off, blushing.
“Where that Trent Parker dude is making a crazy fool of himself and you need to find a way to save him?” Debbie finished.
“It’s Trick. And why does everyone think they’re the expert on him?” Hannah snapped. “Yes, I’ve got him hanging out of an elevator – I mean helicopter – and I need to know what it feels and sounds like, how big the helicopter is, how high up, that sort of thing. Is that all right?”
“Fine with me. But how can you foil the assassination attempt if you’re flying around in a helicopter?”
“I don’t know yet. I’m just glad I have one more Thursday at the library to find out what I can. I’ve got to find some way to get Mr. Bundy’s book away from him again.”
“Who’s Mr. Bundy?”
“Didn’t I tell you? He’s the awful man who comes to the library every Thursday. You wouldn’t put up with him for one minute, Debbie. It was his books I found the messages in. It’s possible Mrs. Partridge is involved, too, but I really hope not because she’s such a nice lady.”
Debbie pulled the job description sheet out of the folder. “Well, be careful, girl. And I think you should call the Secret Service or somebody today.”
“I think you’re right. I just wish I hadn’t given the secret code originals to Sergeant Bloomberry. So, what will you and Jamal be doing on Labor Day?”
Debbie’s expression darkened. “We’ll be as far away from Mountain City as we can get.”


8
Thursday, September 1

Thursday arrived at last. Hannah strode into the library at 3:30pm and spread her materials on the table. She sat writing in her notebook for over an hour, waiting for Mr. Bundy. 
Where could he be? She looked around to be sure Mrs. Partridge wasn’t looking. She got up and stole to the S-T aisle where she found both copies of Treasure Island neatly shelved. She quickly flipped through them but found nothing suspicious inside. Perplexed, she went to the A-C aisle and selected another book, a science fiction title by Arthur C. Clarke which Ben had recommended, and took it to the counter. 
“I haven’t seen Mr. Bundy today,” she whispered, handing the book to Mrs. Partridge.
“I don’t think he’s missed a Thursday all year.” Mrs. Partridge removed the library card from the back cover and stamped it under the counter. “I didn’t know you liked science fiction, Hannah,” she added.
“I don’t, usually. Well, I hope Mr. Bundy is all right.”
Mrs. Partridge’s eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly. “Do you?”
Hannah colored in spite of herself. “Yes, of course. Even though he called me a stupid bimbo.”
“Well, I am sorry about that,” Mrs. Partridge said softly. “See you Saturday.” She gave Hannah a strange little smile which made the younger woman’s stomach flutter.
Hannah forced a weak return smile and nodded. “Yes, I’ll be there. I called, and the tour starts at 3:30.”
“3:30 sharp, all systems go. Up, up and away,” Mrs. Partridge said, watching Hannah closely.
Hannah stared as the color drained from her face. All systems go? Wasn’t that the wording on the secret message? Feeling faint, she took the book and returned to her table. Why on earth had she agreed to fly in a helicopter? And with Mrs. Partridge? What did Hannah really know about her after all? A new thought occurred to her. Were the helicopter ride and the assassination attempt related?
Calm down, she told herself. She needed to take Debbie’s advice, stop fooling around and call the Secret Service. Which she would do as soon as she got home. And where was Mr. Bundy? Maybe he was on to her. Maybe both the code makers were. Maybe they had discovered she was a code breaker. Hannah thought of Jamal, the real code breaker, and knew she would give her life to protect him.
She tried to read a little in the Arthur C. Clarke novel but could make no sense of it. Restless and unsettled, she got up and drifted to the news rack near Mr. Bundy’s empty armchair. She stood gazing at The New York Times displayed neatly in its rack. Her eyes wandered over the other newspapers and periodicals, resting on The Mountain City Gazette. There was a feature about recent safety concerns at the Tegretrac Nuclear Power Plant, and another about the Frank Sinatra concert coming in October. Her eyes wandered down the page. 
“Oh!” she gasped. She looked toward the counter and saw Mrs. Partridge still watching her.
“Sorry,” she mouthed. Turning so the librarian could not see her face, she picked up the paper. “President Carter to Make Labor Day Appearance at Treasure Island,” the headline stated. She continued reading.
“President Jimmy Carter, accompanied by First Lady Roselynn Carter, will give a televised address at Treasure Island, Mountain City’s new, state-of-the-art water park, on Labor Day at 3:30pm. Treasure Island, which opened in May after years of delays, is the largest water park in the Southeast and promises to be a boon to Black Mountain’s struggling economy. It features a lazy river, an enormous wave pool, numerous water slides and many other rides and attractions. Situated just east of Black Lake and flanked by the beautiful Black Mountains, Treasure Island will provide the perfect backdrop for President Carter’s long-awaited speech on the economy.”
Her hands shaking, Hannah replaced the newspaper. She gathered her things and hurried out of the building. The day was beautiful but she spent the rest of it inside, trying to reach the Secret Service. No one answered any of the numbers the operator gave her. She finally got hold of someone claiming to be a receptionist, and left a message for an agent to return her call as quickly as possible.
The call did not come. That night she paced back and forth in the guest room, rotating the same piece of chalk in her hand, doodling more than writing on the blackboard. Should she or should she not go on the helicopter ride? It was in the same time frame as the President’s speech. Was Mrs. Partridge planning to shoot the President from the air? How preposterous that sounded! Besides, the Secret Service would never let any civilian aircraft so near the President. And why would she, Hannah, be invited along if that was the case?
She picked up the phone and called her brother. “Ben, I know you’re busy, but I need you to meet me for lunch as soon as humanly possible.”
“How about 12 noon tomorrow? Is that soon enough?” Ben’s voice replied. “I mean, I can’t very well meet you for lunch before, you know, lunchtime.”
“Always joking. But, yes, that would be great. How about The Melrose?”
“Sounds good. Meet you there at noon. Is everything all right?”
“Sure, great.”

9
Friday, September 2

“Hannah Scrabble, you look like you spent the night in a dungeon,” Debbie said the next morning at work. 
“Thanks.”
“What’s the matter, you sick?”
“I was up all night thinking. You won’t believe where President Carter is scheduled to speak on Labor Day.”
“Treasure Island Water Park.”
“Oh! You knew.”
“Jamal tells me all the news. The president’s gonna give a big speech on the economy. Too bad we’ll be out of town,” she added with an arch look.
“Don’t you find it interesting that both the secret messages I found at the library were hidden inside copies of Treasure Island?” 
“Really? You mean the book with pirates and Long John Silver and yo ho ho and a bottle of rum and all? And wasn’t the author friends with the last Hawaiian princess, Princess Coconut or something? Jamal read about it.”
“Kal‘iulani, Debbie. Yes, Robert Louis Stevenson was the author and that’s the book. Now I understand why the messages didn’t say where the attempt would take place. The book itself was the clue.” Hannah sighed. “I’m sorry, but you’re just going to have to cancel your Labor Day trip. I need your help.”
Debbie swiveled in her chair, her expression hardening. “No. You ain’t messing with my kid again.”
“Not Jamal, you.”
“I’m a single mother, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“What about your mother? She lives nearby and you said she watches Jamal a lot. And his dad is close by, too. And haven’t you got, like, a thousand relatives?”
“Look at my face. What part of ‘no’ do you not understand?”
“But someone wants to assassinate the President!” Hannah wailed. “You saw the messages yourself. The police won’t take me seriously and the Secret Service is unreachable. I have nowhere else to turn.”
“How about Fancy Pants? He’s the Assistant D.A. – wouldn’t this be right up his alley?”
“Ben? I don’t know why you keep calling him that. But yes, in fact, I’m meeting him for lunch at the Melrose later, even though he says I’m going to ruin his career if I’m not careful. But I still need your help. Hey, I’ve got an idea… why don’t you join us? My treat.”
“I’m on a diet.” Swiveling back, Debbie crossed her arms and stared at her computer monitor.
“Please?” Hannah pleaded.
There followed a long, resentful silence. Finally Debbie said, “Oh, all right. I’ll do this one little thing. I mean, I don’t want the President snuffed any more than you do. But remember, you owe me big time. But nothing handmade! No raggedy cloth bears, cats, or critters of any kind.”
“I promise not to get within five feet of my sewing machine. Thank you, Debbie.”
At 11:59pm, Debbie and Hannah arrived at The Melrose, a comfortable, decades-old diner on Main Street not far from Ben’s office. Ben caught their attention across the crowded dining room and waved. Five years younger than Hannah, he was a slight, sharply dressed young man with dark hair and twinkling dark eyes. Instead of jacket and tie, he often favored a vest with a colorful bow tie. Today the tie was orange.
Hannah waved back, and she and Debbie slid into the booth opposite him. Hannah noticed her brother’s eyes were not twinkling today.
“Ben, have you met Debbie Jackson, my co-worker at Dickson’s?” she asked carefully.
“Sure, Han, don’t you remember? Debbie and I were introduced during the bank heist you foiled back in January. I carried her out amid a hail of gunfire, remember?”
“Nice to see you again, Mr. Scrabble,” Debbie said.
“You, too, Debbie. Ah, good times,” Ben said with a wink, and Debbie rolled her eyes and laughed. 
Ben redirected his gaze to his sister. “Hannah, does this lunch have anything to do with your visit to the police on Saturday?”
Just then, a server in a dark green apron and visor arrived to take their order. After he left, Hannah said in a low voice, “Yes, it does. I hate to involve you, but we need your help.”
“We?” Debbie protested.
“I’ve unearthed a plot to assassinate President Carter,” Hannah announced in a low voice, ignoring Debbie.
“What?” Ben cried.
“Shhhh! It’s going to take place during or close to the President’s Labor Day speech at Treasure Island Water Park.” She pulled a copy of the decoded messages from her purse and showed it to him. “See?”
“And this is why you went to the police?” 
“Yes, though the visit was pointless. You were right about Sergeant Bloomberry. He was just as repellant as you said, and also appeared to be nursing a hangover. He acted like he couldn’t wait for me to leave.”
Ben reached for Hannah’s hand across the table. “Why wouldn’t you tell me the reason when I asked you, Han? I was worried about you.”
Hannah shrugged. “A case of big-sisterly pity, I guess. I know how important your job is and I don’t want to ruin your career, despite what you might think.”
Ben patted her hand. “I appreciate that. Now, tell me where you found the messages.”
“In the Mountain City Public Library. They were written in secret code.” Hannah saw Debbie glaring at her and added, “It was very difficult, but I decoded them myself.”
“Smarty pants. Have you called the Secret Service?”
“I haven’t been able to reach them. I thought you could help with that. It’s not like you can just look them up in the Yellow Pages under ‘S’. The operator gave me several numbers but none of them worked.”
“Of course I’ll help you. But we don’t have much time. Labor Day is only two days away. Do you know who wrote the messages?”
Hannah took a breath, glanced at Debbie and said, “I can’t prove who wrote them, but they were exchanged between Mrs. Lillian Partridge, the librarian, and Mr. Marion Bundy, the jerk who comes in to read the paper on Thursdays. I can’t prove this either, but I think they’ve been doing it all year. The notes were hidden in a copy of Treasure Island, a book which Mr. Bundy checks out every week.”
“Wait. He checks out the same book over and over?”
“Yes. That little detail was what put me on their trail in the first place. The two notes Ja – I mean I – decoded were probably not the only ones that were exchanged, but they were the only ones I managed to intercept.”
Ben gave a low whistle. “Boy, you have been busy.” He leaned back in the booth. “Give me a minute to decide how to approach this. For starters, I guess the D.A.’s office will either contact the Secret Service or the FBI.”
Just then, the server arrived with three club sandwiches, chips and tumblers of iced tea. The three diners spent the next few moments digging into their lunches.
“Well, sounds like you got things all covered, Mr. Scrabble,” Debbie said, munching a potato chip. “But there is one thing you really ought to know.”
“What’s that?”
“This bull-headed sister of yours is bound and determined to go on some kind of crazy helicopter ride with the library lady on Labor Day, right about the time of the President’s speech.”
“Huh?” 
“Debbie, why did you have to tell him that?” Hannah demanded.
“Because you ain’t got no family but him and he needs to know. Sorry if you don’t like it. Now, since you butted in, can you tell me why you dragged me here today? No offense, Mr. Scrabble, but she’s saying I need to dump my child off on relatives so I can help her solve the case. Only she won’t tell me what she wants me to do. And if she won’t tell me, how can I tell her ‘no’?”
“Debbie, you’re making a fuss over nothing. I need you to follow Mrs. Partridge home from the library tonight,” Hannah said.
“No.” 
“Debbie…”
“No, and that’s final. I’ve got a young child to think of. Tell her, Mr. Scrabble.”
“Debbie’s right, it isn’t fair to involve her,” Ben responded. “And as for the helicopter ride, you’re not going.”
“Excuse me, but it’s not up to you,” Hannah protested, turning red.
“Are you kidding? You alone up in the air with that woman? It’s way too dangerous. Please, Hannah. Promise me. We’ve already lost our parents. I don’t want to lose you, too.”
“Oh, all right,” Hannah grumbled, glaring at Debbie and crossing her fingers in her lap.


10
Monday, September 5 (1)

Labor Day dawned at last, clear and hot and beautiful. Hannah spent the morning gardening and tending her goats. 
“Be back soon,” she murmured to Rufus, her favorite. She gave him a quick peck on the top of his coarse, earthy-smelling head. He replied with a hopeful bleat.
She went back to the house, showered and put on a light summer jacket over a sleeveless cotton maxi-dress and sandals. At 3:15pm, she pulled into Up, Up and Away Helicopter Adventures. She didn’t like lying to Ben, but was determined to see the case through. 
Her heart sank as she climbed out of her truck. The place was a dump.
To her left was a tiny, peeling shack with a sign proclaiming itself the Welcome Center. Parked across the badly cracked asphalt was a single, battered helicopter, a gigantic, mutated, metallic mosquito that looked incapable of flight. Beyond it were the Black Mountains, lovely and green and familiar.
Adjusting her jacket, Hannah summoned her courage and strode across the hot, shimmering asphalt.
“I’m here for the tour,” she announced to the wrinkled old woman inside the shack.
“You don’t look too happy about it. Fill this out.” The woman thrust a form and a brochure across the counter. 
Hannah looked over the contract. “You want me to sign something that says my survivors can’t sue you if I’m killed in a fiery helicopter crash?”
“You’re not gonna die,” the woman assured her. “Flying is perfectly safe, even safer than –”
“Cars, I know.”
“Well, if you know, why are you fretting about it? Mr. McKinney hasn’t had a single accident in two years of operating this business.”
“Two whole years.” Hannah looked around the bleak space. “Where is he?”
“Beats me. Probably in the back taking a smoke.”
The place didn’t look big enough to have a back. Reluctantly, Hannah signed the form. She took the brochure and ventured outside. Panic welled at the sight of the helicopter. How could she even board such an awful contraption, much less entrust her safety to a pilot she had never met? What if they crashed into a mountain? She remembered the time she was small and her parents took her to the top of Grandfather Mountain. Panicking at the altitude and the whipping wind, she had flattened herself against the face of the rock, terrified and unable to move.
She shook herself from her thoughts and looked over the brochure. The tour would take them over Mountain City, Black Lake and the Black Mountains, at altitudes ranging from five hundred to four thousand feet, and would last about an hour. It showed a map with a dotted red line marking the tour’s roughly oval circuit. At the red dot marking the end, Hannah imagined a cartoon drawing of the burning husk of the helicopter as it plunged from the sky.
“Ho, there you are.” A man’s voice interrupted her thoughts. 
Hannah wheeled around. “Oh. You must be the pilot.”
“That’s me. Didn’t mean to scare you. Bob McKinney, at your service.” The man stuck out a large, strong hand with fingers that were yellow from holding cigarettes.
“Hannah Scrabble. Nice to meet you,” Hannah said, shaking the hand and deciding she liked its owner.
Bob McKinney was just past middle-aged, with graying hair and glasses and a slight paunch. He wore a short-sleeved plaid shirt and long business trousers. He looked capable and kind but weathered, like a man who had experienced much in life and was probably the father of teenagers.
“You don’t look like I expected,” Hannah remarked.
“You were thinking Han Solo?”
“I guess. Young and cocky and unreliable-looking, maybe chewing gum.”
“That’s what you get for thinking in stereotypes.”
“Or going to see ‘Star Wars’.”
“Truth is, I used to be a senior analyst for Tegretrac, before they strapped me into the proverbial golden parachute and kicked me out at thirty thousand feet.”
“Golden parachute?” Hannah stammered.
“You know – ruthlessly laid off after years of faithful service, but with a few benefits for a slightly softer landing?” His eyes flickered. “Never mind, you’re still young. But don’t worry, it all turned out fine.” He gestured toward the helicopter. “See? I’m living the dream. My wife and kids are still adjusting, though,” he added. “Wife especially. She was used to the good life.”
Hannah could think of nothing to say to the pilot’s confession of hope and pain. People’s experiences, their dreams, were so personal. Should she tell him hers, to make a living off her Trick Parker novels? Probably not.
Mr. McKinney was looking up at the sky. “Gorgeous day. I didn’t think we’d have any customers, President’s speech and all.”
“Will we see him from the air?”
He laughed. “Oh, no. No way the feds would ever let us get that close. Normally we’d fly over Mountain City and the water park, but today we’ll make a detour. Beautiful scenery. Mountains, waterfalls, the lake… Ready to climb aboard?” He extended his hand and Hannah took a breath and stepped up two small steps into the helicopter. She seated herself by the left window.
“Go ahead and fasten your seat belt. There’s one more passenger booked. She called, should be here directly.”
“Mrs. Lillian Partridge,” Hannah said. “She’s a, uh, friend of mine.”
A beep sounded from the two-way radio strapped to Mr. McKinney’s belt. “Excuse me a minute, I’ll be right back.”
Trying to keep her anxiety at bay, Hannah waited in the hot, sticky helicopter. Maybe there was still time to escape. There was her truck, parked right across the parking lot. She could unbuckle her seat belt, jump out and flee before anyone noticed. She colored – she could hear Trick Parker laughing.
Well, shoot – who cared what that conceited spy thought? If he wasn’t careful she’d write him out of his own story. She reached for her seat belt. Too late – there was Mrs. Partridge, pulling into the enclosure. The older woman saw Hannah and waved. Hannah managed a weak smile through the glass.
Mrs. Partridge parked and went into the Welcome Center. A few minutes later she emerged with Mr. McKinney, who escorted her to the helicopter. Her appearance had changed drastically since Thursday. Instead of her usual casual, conservatively styled dress, she wore tight, three-quarter-length cotton print slacks and a sleeveless blouse which failed to conceal her ample bottom and matronly stomach. She wore bright red lipstick and had tied a colorful silk scarf around her voluminous hairdo. She looked like an overweight caricature of some screen siren from the 1950s.
“Hello, Hannah, so nice to see you! This will be fun,” Mrs. Partridge called up to her. 
Mr. McKinney helped her up the steps and into her seat beside Hannah. The smell of face powder and strong perfume filled the tiny cabin.
“Okay, ladies, one more little errand and we’re off,” he told them. “Go ahead and buckle your seatbelt, Mrs. Partridge. Miss Scrabble, you… you take care now.” He trotted off and disappeared into the small building.
That was a strange thing to say, Hannah thought – almost as if he –
“How are you today, Hannah? Nervous?” Mrs. Partridge inquired, her hand groping for her seat belt.
“I’m okay,” Hannah said, trying not to stare at Mrs. Partridge’s red, red lips. “How about you?” 
“Wonderful, thank you. Why don’t you call me Lillian? Mrs. Partridge sounds so formal.”
“Okay, Lillian. You look, uh, different today. Nice, I mean.”
“Thanks, so do you. Are you sure you’re all right? You look a little green.”
“I’m fine.”
“I’m sure you’re nervous, but just try to relax and enjoy the tour. It only lasts an hour, and you’ll experience some new things for your book.” She laughed. “Where is your notebook, by the way? I thought surely you’d bring it along.”
“I decided to live dangerously and experience the moment,” Hannah said with a twinge of irritation. Mrs. Partridge was looking and acting so differently today.
Hannah turned her head to stare out the window and wait for the pilot. Why had she ever said yes to such a ridiculous invitation in the first place? She could be doing any number of fun and meaningful things on such a beautiful day. Gardening, cooking, tending her goats… With a shock, she remembered. She was here to get information and maybe even a confession from Mrs. Partridge. And possibly thwart the assassination of a United States President. 
She turned back, energized. “Mrs. Par – I mean, Lillian – I was just wondering. Did Mr. Bundy ever turn up at the library last Thursday?”
Mrs. Partridge shook her head sadly. “No, he never did.”
“I wonder why not,” Hannah said, willing her voice not to tremble. 
“No idea.”
Hannah took a breath. “You know, I’ve been meaning to ask you. I noticed that every week he checks out the very same book. Do you have any idea why?”
“Oh, that,” Mrs. Partridge replied with an easy laugh. “Marion and I have been exchanging messages for months, just like the ones you found. Today is a very important day, as you may have discovered.” 
Hannah’s mouth dropped, and Mrs. Partridge grinned at her. 
“What do you mean?” Hannah gasped, horrified at the grin as much as the information.
“You know exactly what I mean.”
Breaking into a cold sweat, Hannah fumbled with her seat belt, just as a man burst out of the Welcome Center, a man who was not Bob McKinney. The man made his way toward them as swiftly as a round, sedentary person was able.  
“Mr. Bundy!” Hannah cried.

11
Monday, September 5 (2)

Clutching a briefcase and lumbering toward them like an angry bear, Mr. Bundy reached the helicopter. He struggled up the two steps, grasped the door frame and heaved himself into the pilot’s seat. Gasping for breath and twisting his large frame toward Hannah, he produced a gun which he aimed at her face.
“Tie her up,” he panted.
“I was starting to wonder if you were coming,” Mrs. Partridge remarked, drawing a thick cord from her purse.
“There was a delay. Hurry up.”
“He’ll kill you if you move,” she advised Hannah. “Your wrists, please. Together, out in front.”
Noting Hannah’s indecision, Mr. Bundy’s small eyes narrowed and he jerked the gun impatiently. Hannah extended her wrists and Mrs. Partridge secured them, tying the cord so tightly her captive suppressed a whimper. After a final yank, Mrs. Partridge reached into her purse and pulled out her own gun, which she pointed at Hannah with both hands.
“Now face the front, dear, toward the back of the pilot’s seat. Place your hands in your lap. Thanks so much. I’ve got her covered, Marion.” 
Mr. Bundy turned back around and laid his gun in the seat next to him. He put on a headset, mumbled some words into it, and prepared for take-off.
“Where is Mr. McKinney?” Hannah asked.
Neither of her captors answered. Mr. Bundy started the helicopter, which shuddered, roared to life and began a rocking ascent. Hannah let out a little cry. She didn’t know the thing would be so noisy and rattling, like an oversized VW Bug. Good Lord. Which was worse – the fact that she had been lured into this flying rat trap in the first place, or that two evil and insane people were holding her hostage? Either way, it was possible she would soon be dead.
Still ascending, the helicopter peeled away from the landing pad. Mr. Bundy continued talking into his headset, though Hannah could not understand his words. Hugging her bound wrists to her stomach, Hannah looked out the window and down as the little steps and then all of Up, Up and Away shrank into the distance. After a moment, the helicopter veered away and she could not see the place at all. She clenched her eyes shut, trying to suppress the queasiness which threatened to overwhelm her.
“What a beautiful day,” Mrs. Partridge said, tucking a stray wisp of sprayed hair into her scarf. 
Hannah opened her eyes and said, “You won’t get away with this,” immediately cursing herself for saying something so trite.
“That sounds like a line from your man Trick,” Mrs. Partridge replied with a chuckle. “But there’s nothing to get away with. We’re just going on a fun helicopter ride. Try keeping your eyes open, Hannah. It’s lovely outside.”
“Trick doesn’t talk in clichés,” Hannah said through gritted teeth. “And I know you’re plotting to assassinate the President. I decoded your messages myself.”
Mrs. Partridge burst into a laugh, a high, soaring cackle which was even more frightening than the grin. “What a ridiculous accusation,” she sang out. “We’re not plotting to assassinate the President.”
“Then why are you kidnapping me?”
“No one made you get on this helicopter.”
“You invited me, insisted I come. Why?”
Mrs. Partridge’s expression hardened. “Because you know too much. It’s your own fault, Hannah. I feel bad because I really have enjoyed getting to know you in this year of Thursdays. If only you had stayed put working on your tired little thrillers, instead of butting into important matters that don’t concern you. It’s true you found two of our messages, but you decoded them incorrectly. That is to say, you didn’t go far enough. To repeat, Marion and I have no intention of assassinating the President. I voted for the man, for God’s sake.” Her cold eyes glittered. “But because of your meddling, we do have every intention of assassinating you.”
Hannah went silent as tears sprang to her eyes.
“So if you have any spiritual affairs to put in order, I suggest you do so now,” Mr. Bundy added gruffly from the pilot’s seat.
“I believe in God,” Hannah said softly.
“‘The devils also believe, and tremble’,” Mr. Bundy quoted, issuing an unpleasant laugh followed by a rattling cough.
“Before he became an eco-terrorist, Marion was studying for the ministry,” Mrs. Partridge explained.
Hannah almost choked on her tears at the thought of the loathesome Mr. Bundy as a minister. He was, however, comfortable at the controls, obviously an experienced pilot. She recalled seeing him occasionally reading Aviation Today magazine along with his New York Times and New Yorker Magazine’s. But what was an eco-terrorist? The word sent a chill up her spine.
As they flew on, Mrs. Partridge kept her gun trained on Hannah, who decided to look out the window rather than down the barrel of Mrs. Partridge’s gun or at her red, red lips. To her surprise, her queasiness began to diminish. The flying part of the experience was turning out to be not quite as awful as she had imagined. And Mrs. Partridge and Mr. McKinney were both right, the sky and scenery were beautiful. Poor Mr. McKinney – what had happened to him? 
The helicopter turned again, and she saw that Mr. Bundy was taking them away from Mountain City, away from Treasure Island and over the heavily forested Black Mountains.
“Where are we going?” she asked over the noise of the engine.
Mrs. Partridge did not reply as Mr. Bundy navigated several high ridges. The valley beyond the third ridge opened onto Black Lake, the deep, meandering mountain lake which was not black at all, but a dark blue-green. Hannah had visited Black Lake often as a little girl. Today it was dotted with boats and people, happy Americans celebrating Labor Day, none of them aware that the battered little chopper flying overhead held two evil lunatics and one terrified hostage.
They flew on, the ridges beyond the lake diminishing in height. Hannah’s queasiness was replaced by a growing sense of dread. Where were they taking her, and for what reason? 
As they passed over the top of a fifth, much lower ridge, several tall, tan towers appeared, followed by the tan tops of a vast complex of large, industrial-looking buildings. Hannah snapped to alertness.
“Why are we flying over Tegretrac?” she demanded. 


12
Monday, September 5 (3)

Immediately she knew the answer. Her heart dropped into her stomach. 
“Oh, my God. Tegretrac is a nuclear power plant. Eco-terrorism… Violence to people or property in the name of, what? Defending the environment? Does that mean you… you…?” 
“Are planning to blow it up? Yes, it does.” Mrs. Partridge’s face was shining but her hands, Hannah noticed, were shaking.
A feeling of disgust surged in Hannah which quickly dwarfed her fear. “Well. I’m so happy to learn that a woman I liked and admired has turned out to be both a cold-blooded monster and a fool.” 
“I’m neither monster nor fool,” Mrs. Partridge said defensively. “Marion and I belong to Allies of Flora and Fauna – AFF – a group of patriotic and concerned citizens who have vowed to defend our fragile Earth from wealthy and corrupt government and corporate interests. We’ve given up a lot to do it. Perhaps you read about the New York Times headquarters bombing last year? That was us.”
“You’re disgusting.”
“At least we stand for something. What have you ever stood for, Hannah? What have you ever done besides live vicariously through your book characters? You should thank us for giving you a real live adventure for a change.”
With a cry, Hannah lunged toward Mrs. Partridge. The older woman’s face contorted as she fired the gun just past Hannah’s head, shattering the left window. She shoved Hannah back into her seat.
“Watch that!” Mr. Bundy growled from the cockpit. “Both of you shut up so I can position us properly.”
“You would make a terrible minister!” Hannah shouted, pounding the back of his chair with her bound fists. “How can you take the lives of innocent people? How can you not care about them or their survivors? And for what? To save an endangered slug?”
“It’s a little more complicated than that, and we do regret the loss of life – don’t we, Marion?” Mrs. Partridge said, her voice quavering. “But I’m afraid it can’t be helped. Nuclear power of all types must be eliminated no matter what the cost. We have committed our lives to it.”
“Well, I would pick my causes a little more carefully if I were you, because this one has made you nothing more than a garden-variety murderer,” Hannah spat out. “I don’t know much about nuclear power, but I do know evil when I see it. And you, Mr. Bundy, the oh-so-sensitive theology student. Why would you dedicate your life not to saving others but killing them, and making the lives of their survivors a living hell?”
“You wouldn’t understand,” Mr. Bundy snarled. “Shut up and get ready to die.”
He navigated the helicopter toward one of the tall towers and carefully circled it. Hannah glanced down from the shattered window. Deep within the tower was an eerie orange glow, like the inside of a volcano. Nausea rocked her body.
That’s where they planned to drop their bomb! And throw her in after it, like some kind of virgin sacrifice in an old B-movie. Her eyes searched the ground for any possible hope of rescue. 
She found it. Something that would never have been there under ordinary circumstances. Police cars. Police cars, everywhere! And men crouching behind them with assault rifles pointing upward! From behind several of the joined buildings, two police helicopters rose into the sky.
“What’s happening?” Mrs. Partridge shrieked, her eyes wild.  “Marion, get us out of here!”
Cursing, Mr. Bundy was already whipping the helicopter around. It streaked forward, back the way it came, back toward Mountain City.
“You,” Mrs. Partridge hissed, brandishing the gun at Hannah. “You did this.”
“No! No one even knows I’m on board. I lied to my brother and said I wasn’t going today.” 
“You’re lying to me. I can see it in your eyes. One way or another, you will die today, Hannah Scrabble.”
Trailed by the two police helicopters, Mr. Bundy flew swiftly toward Black Lake, gradually descending until they were cruising over a remote branch of the lake containing only a few boats.
“Why are you flying so low, Marion?” Mrs. Partridge looked behind her anxiously. “We’ve got to shake them!”
“Something’s wrong with the engine,” Mr. Bundy snapped. “We’re going to have to land in the next minute or two.”
“What do you mean, something’s wrong with the engine? How can there be something wrong with the engine?” Mrs. Partridge shrieked.
“You do your job and I’ll do mine. Keep holding the gun on her.”
The helicopter glided to a height of forty or fifty feet. No longer accelerating, it hovered over the water. 
“Throw her out,” Mr. Bundy ordered. 
“What?” Mrs. Partridge cried.
“I said throw her out. Don’t shoot her, Lillian. If we get out of this alive, we can say she fell or jumped out. She won’t survive the fall, especially with her wrists tied.”
Mrs. Partridge hesitated. 
“Lillian! Do it now! They’re about to catch up with us.”
“All right, all right. Hannah, Marion says this is your stop. Goodbye!”
Mrs. Partridge opened the door to her right and motioned to Hannah with her gun. Hannah gaped at her, not moving.
“I said get out!” Mrs. Partridge reached out to grab Hannah’s arm.
“No!” Hannah swung her bound hands up into Mrs. Partridge’s face, knocking the gun out of her hand in the process. With both hands she snatched the front of the older woman’s scarf, yanking it down over her face. They tussled, first in the seat and then on the floor. Mrs. Partridge’s gun slid away from them both and sailed out the open doorway as the helicopter rocked. 
The two helicopters behind them were gaining rapidly. Freeing her face from the scarf, Mrs. Partridge groped for her gun and did not find it. Snarling and with a strength that seemed superhuman, she grabbed Hannah and heaved her out the doorway. For a moment Hannah hung onto the door frame, her legs kicking wildly beneath her. She lost her grip and fell onto the helicopter skid with a thud, her waist doubling over it like a hook. 
Screaming in pain, she gripped the skid with both hands just as her body slipped off. Desperately she hung on, her legs flailing beneath her. She looked down and saw the blue-green lake sparkling in the sunlight. Above her was the furious face of Mrs. Partridge, her red lips parted and screaming at her victim who was just out of reach.
Hannah was glad Ben and Debbie were not able to see how her day was turning out. “What would Trick do?” she thought wildly.
“Trick would let go,” Trick’s voice said. “Let go, Hannah. Drop into the lake feet first. Point your toes, keep your legs straight and lock them together. Fold your arms into your torso. Hold your hands to your face and hold your nose. Remember, feet first and body straight.” 
“All right,” Hannah cried. She let go of the skid and plummeted toward the lake.
Several seconds later, she plunged toes first into lake water that was cold, shockingly cold, and so dark. She kept her feet locked and only slowed a little as she tunneled into the dark depths. At last she slowed enough to unlock her legs and start kicking, but to little avail. She thrashed with her bound wrists, trying to rise. After a few seconds or minutes, she began to let go. It was no use. The water was too cold and the darkness had engulfed her. She was sinking. Mr. Bundy was right. She would not survive the fall.
At once she felt strong arms around her lifting, lifting her upward toward the hazy growing light. It must be God, she thought drowsily. Or maybe Trick. She burst up through the water, gulping in the precious air, blinking at the blue September sky. Her eyes rolled back into her head and the world went black.

13
Monday, September 5 (4)


“Miss Scrabble?”
Hannah opened her eyes, blinking up at the battered Up, Up and Away Helicopter Adventures sign and the bright sky beyond. She was lying on her back, resting on something soft and dry. She fingered the dry, warm blanket at her neck. Her wrists were no longer bound, though they stung. Her ribs hurt terribly.
“Miss Scrabble?”
“Mr. McKinney? What are you doing here?” she mumbled.
“I work here, remember? I’m the helicopter pilot.”
“Oh, yeah. I… I thought they had killed you, or…”
“Nope. The only one who wants to kill me is my wife.”
“What… what has happened?”
“It’s a long story,” another male voice broke in.
“Ben?” Hannah turned her head slightly as tears filled her eyes. “Ben. I’m so very glad to see you. How did you know I was here?”
Ben tried to look jovial, but his face was etched with worry. “Never mind that. I’m just glad you’re all right. At least I think you’re all right. Are you all right?”
“It’s hard to breathe. Maybe some broken ribs.”
“Why didn’t you mind me, Hannah? I told you not to get on that helicopter.”
“You’re not my boss.” She thought a moment. “Mrs. Partridge pushed me out the door.”
“The librarian? Not a very nice hostess. I don’t want you to go on any more rides with her.”
“Always joking. What happened to her?”
“She’s been arrested and hauled away, never to attempt the bombing of a nuclear facility again.”
“Well, that’s good news. And Mr. Bundy?”
“Mr. Bundy remains at large,” Ben said solemnly.
“You mean he got away?” Hannah’s eyes widened.
“Well, not exactly. Better let him explain.”
“Let him explain? What do you mean?” she cried, her heart pounding. Mr. Bundy’s round, pallid face appeared beside Mr. McKinney and Ben.
“Oh, my God! It’s you!” Hannah tried to sit up but sank back with a sharp cry of pain.
“Nice to see you, too, Hannah,” Mr. Bundy replied, giving the other men a wink.
“Ben!” Hannah wailed. “Mr. Bundy was about to bomb Tegretrac and throw me into a volcano. Arrest him!”
The three men chuckled.
“Why are you all laughing? Will you please adjust this stretcher thing so I can sit up and see you properly?”
Ben fumbled with the stretcher. “There, is that better? They’ll be taking you to the hospital in a few minutes.”
“There’s no need to fear me, Hannah,” Mr. Bundy told her. “I was just playing a part. I work for the CIA.”
“What?” Hannah cried.
“Please try to relax, you’ve been injured. Yes, I’ve been a part of undercover operations for some time now. I was able to infiltrate the AFF, gain their trust and join forces with Mrs. Partridge, whose real name, by the way, is Lillian Spinkowitz. I assumed a new identity, a new personality… a rather distasteful one, I know… sorry about that.”
Hannah squinted up at Mr. Bundy’s pleasant, open face, marveling at the difference between this man and the man she despised. 
“Incredible!” she said. “Did you really attend seminary?”
“Yes. In fact, I received my Masters of Divinity fifteen years ago. I’m an ordained minister.”
“You’re kidding. What denomination?”
“Presbyterian. Do you have a denomination?”
“My parents were Methodist.”
“Hannah’s an agnostic,” Ben said.
“I am not,” Hannah objected. “I just don’t see much point in church.”
“I sometimes wonder about it, too,” Mr. Bundy admitted. “That’s one reason I decided to live out my faith in the world by helping the CIA capture known terrorists. You noticed I brought a briefcase onto the helicopter? Unknown to Lillian, it contained a special recorder. Thanks to your help and expert questioning, I was able to get her entire confession on tape. Ben, your sister is as smart as you are.”
Ben shrugged. “Everyone knows she’s smarter.”
Mr. Bundy smiled. “I don’t know about that. But because of her help, we’ll soon be able to round up the whole terror ring, give them a fair trial of course, and when they are convicted, stash them all in jail where they’ll rot until the end of time.”
“That part sounds good,” Hannah replied. “But why did you tell Mrs. Partridge to throw me in the lake?” 
“I’d like to know that, too,” Ben said.
Mr. Bundy’s expression turned somber as he looked from Ben to Hannah. “It was a tough decision, very tough. But I felt I had no choice. I tried to talk Lillian out of having you on board, but she could not be dissuaded. I decided that letting you fall into the lake instead of taking a bullet to the head offered you the better chance of survival. I flew as low as I dared. Along with all the security presence at Tegretrac, my team stationed a boat on Black Lake. The man who fished you out, Bob Hazelton, is an experienced diver, one of the best. 
“Lillian was keen to kill you, Hannah. She had planned it ever since she realized you were on to us.”
“That’s why she insisted I take that ticket,” Hannah mused. “What an amazing actress, she should win the Oscar. Where is she now? Does she know your true identity?”
“She was arrested after my fake emergency landing here at Up, Up and Away. Agents were in place, waiting for us. We were both ordered out of the helicopter with our hands up. Lillian saw me ‘arrested’ beside her. She still doesn’t know I’m on the other side. I’m sure she’ll figure it out at some point. But she won’t be able to do anything about it.”
“And what about Mr. McKinney?”
“He was helping us, too. Cooperated in every way. Thank you, sir.”
“My pleasure,” Mr. McKinney said.
“I wondered about your involvement,” Hannah told him. “On the one hand, I thought you might be an innocent victim, but on the other, you used to work for Tegretrac and they treated you rather shabbily, so you had reason to hate them.”
“Yes, I did,” Mr. McKinney said. “But I’m not the vindictive type. Life is too short, the future too bright, though some don’t see it that way. Well, would you all excuse me? I have to consult my helicopter repair guy. Some fool blasted a hole in the window.”
Mr. McKinney left, and Hannah sighed. “Mr. Bundy, why did you allow me to get involved at all? All I did was complicate things. I’m sure you and the CIA had a plan to thwart the bombing without my help.”
“We certainly did, but as I mentioned, Lillian found out you were on to us. Rather than risk losing my cover, I decided to let things take their course, up to a certain point anyway. How was I supposed to know you were capable of decoding the messages, even though you didn’t go quite far enough? I made them tight as a drum, or so I thought. You see, they weren’t passed merely between Mrs. Partridge and myself. Every member of our cell received them in some form or fashion. That’s one reason why they contained several layers of meaning.”
“I found them very difficult to decipher,” Hannah said. 
“You found them ‘difficult’?” Ben said, raising an eyebrow.
“I’ve had extensive training in cryptology,” Mr. Bundy was saying, as Hannah blushed. “Even my radio communications from the helicopter with my CIA team were spoken in code – a different one, of course – to keep their meaning from Lillian.”
Hannah glanced at Ben and sighed. It was time to let the cat out of the bag. 
“I have a confession to make,” she said. “It wasn’t me who decoded your messages, Mr. Bundy. It was a ten year old boy.”

14
Monday, September 5 (5)

“A what?” Mr. Bundy stammered.
“A ten year old boy,” Hannah repeated. “I took the credit in order to protect him. But how did you discover someone had decoded them in the first place?”
“I had some help. Someone at the police station tipped me off.”
Hannah scowled. “Sergeant Bloomberry?”
“Yes.”
“Ugh. He was almost as unpleasant as you were. Whose side is he on? I mean, did he contact Mr. Bundy the terrorist or Mr. Bundy the CIA operative?”
“That’s a good question, Han, and one that I intend to answer,” Ben broke in. “There have been some other irregularities in the department that bear looking into.”
Hannah sighed again. “Mr. Bundy, the biggest mystery of all, and one you just alluded to, is that Mrs. Partridge said we didn’t go far enough in decoding the messages. My friend and I understood them to be details of a planned assassination attempt against President Carter during his speech today. The location confirmed by the title of the book in which they were hidden.”
Mr. Bundy started to answer, when suddenly Debbie herself burst into Hannah’s field of vision.
“There you are!” she panted, jostling Mr. Bundy aside. “Are you okay? Look at you! Were you shot? I was so worried. You almost got yourself killed!” She began wagging her finger vigorously. “Didn’t Mr. Scrabble tell you not to get on that helicopter? He did, because I heard it myself. And you promised. But did you keep your promise? Did you for one minute–”
“Don’t make a fuss over me, Debbie, I’m fine,” Hannah groused. “Ben, I’m sorry I lied to you. Mr. Bundy, this is Debbie Jackson, my co-worker and friend. Debbie, this is Marion Bundy. He’s the awful man from the library who called me a bimbo, only it turns out he’s really a secret agent for the CIA and very nice, and he’s also a minister. Mr. Bundy, Debbie is the mother of the boy who decoded your messages.”
Debbie’s eyes narrowed as she sized him up. Deciding he posed no threat, she stuck out her hand. 
“Hannah told me how mean you were,” she said. “But maybe she needed a little cutting down to size. Hello, Mr. Scrabble,” she added to Ben.
“Hello, Debbie. Nice seeing you again.”
Hannah reached out and touched Debbie’s arm. “Debbie, about the secret code. Please don’t tell Jamal because I don’t want to hurt his feelings, but Mr. Bundy says he didn’t completely decode the message.”
“I know.” 
“You do?” Hannah said in surprise.
“Yeah.” Debbie gave a dramatic sigh and took several steps back so she could gesture without bumping anyone. “Let me tell you what happened. We were headed to Asheville for Labor Day, right? I mean, I wanted to get him as far away from Mountain City as possible. We hadn’t gotten far when we passed that big Tegretrac billboard. You know, the one right before the rock quarry exit?” Hannah nodded. 
“When all of a sudden, Jamal starts yelling, ‘Mom! Mom! Turn around. Tegretrac! Tegretrac!’ like some kind of crazy nut. ‘I am not turning this car around, young man,’ I told him, but he wouldn’t let up. Finally I pulled over and told him he better tell me what this is all about, and why is he ruining our Labor Day when I’m beating my brains in trying to make it nice for him?”
Debbie’s listeners waited while she gulped in a breath. “So. Jamal tells me the bad guys aren’t really planning to kill the President at all! That the secret messages are just a decoy, a diversion, to get the police and everyone off the trail, expecting trouble in the wrong place. That meanwhile, the real crime is gonna take place at Tegretrac.” 
She laughed. “I didn’t believe him, I mean, would you? ‘The nuclear power plant?’ I kept saying. ‘Yes,’ he kept saying. ‘The message said Get Carter,’ he said. ‘If you spell the word Get in Get Carter backwards, you get Teg, right? And then if you spell the word Carter backwards, you get Retrac, right? Put ’em together and what do you get? Teg retrac. Tegretac, Mom!” 
“Amazing child,” Mr. Bundy said.
“Two things are amazing,” Ben said. “Astonishingly clever code containing a double meaning, and astonishing that Jamal figured it out.”
“I told you he was a genius,” Debbie said. “Anyway, I finally believed him. We turned around and sped home as fast as lightning. I got hold of Mr. Scrabble and he took over from there.”
Mr. Bundy was shaking his head. “So that’s why we had double the force I expected. I knew our CIA team was in place, but I was baffled by the overwhelming local police presence and even some FBI. So, Debbie. This son of yours, Jamal. When may I have the pleasure of meeting him?”
“How about right now?” Debbie suggested. “I told him to stay inside the building with the cops while I made sure Hannah was okay, in case there was blood and guts and all. I’ll go get him. He’d love to meet a real life secret agent.” She gave Hannah a side glance. “One with some actual training and a badge.” 
Hannah made a face and Debbie left, returning a moment later with Jamal, who was holding Sasquatch. Timidly, the boy approached Hannah’s cot.
“Do you want to hold him, Miss Scrabble?” he asked in a near whisper.
Tears came to Hannah’s eyes. “Why, thank you, Jamal. Yes, I would. Very much.” Hannah took the homely handmade bear and embraced it.
“Did you get shot?” Jamal asked.
“No, but I did get thrown off a helicopter into Black Lake from forty or fifty feet.”
“Are you going to die?”
“No, of course not! I just have some broken ribs and bruises.”
“Good. That means we can still be partners.”
“Miss Scrabble don’t need no partners,” Debbie said loudly. “Jamal, I want you to meet Mr. Marion Bundy. He’s the secret agent who wrote the code you deciphered. He’s not really one of the bad guys, he was just pretending to be one so the other bad guys would trust him and he could catch them.”
Jamal stared at Mr. Bundy, too overwhelmed to speak.
“Aw, don’t clam up now,” Debbie begged.
“Marion is a girl’s name,” Jamal murmured.
“Jamal!” Debbie snapped. “I’m sorry, Mr. Bundy.”
Mr. Bundy smiled. “Don’t worry about it. Jamal, Miss Scrabble and your mother tell me you figured out the secret code all on your own. Because you did, it got us some extra help which we really needed. You know, the CIA desperately needs smart people like you, when you’re a little older, of course. 
“Now, Miss Scrabble doesn’t know it yet, but I’ve been authorized to reward her incredible bravery with, among other things, an all-expenses-paid trip to Washington, DC. But after meeting you, I’d like to include you and your mother as well.”
“Really?” Hannah said. 
“Really. Your accommodations will be five-star, of course,” Mr. Bundy went on. “We’ll give you the grand tour of CIA headquarters, and brief Jamal on what it takes to be a secret agent, and how to get started with his career. Lots of other places to see, too, like the Lincoln Memorial and the Smithsonian. Oh, and I almost forgot. The trip also includes a visit with the President and First Lady in The Oval Office.”
“What?” Hannah squealed, the sudden motion making her sides hurt. “Oh, how wonderful. I’m so excited! There are some things I’ve been wanting to ask both of them!”
“Wow, Hannah, good score,” Ben said with a grin.
Jamal had cast off his shyness and stood before them, his eyes shining. “Mom!” he cried. “Can we go? With Miss Scrabble? To meet the President? Oh, man. This will be the best trip ever!” 
Debbie rolled her eyes and stuck out her thumb at Hannah. “I have to go to Washington with her?”
“If I handled growing up with her, you can handle one little trip to Washington,” Ben said.
Jamal was tugging at his mother’s hand. “Can we also go to Thomas Jefferson’s house and see his wheel cipher and the macaroni machine?” 
“Oh, Jamal. Those are in Monticello, about two hours away from Washington,” Hannah told him. “It’s actually right on the way, though, if we drive. If it’s okay with Debbie, we could stop by there on the way up or the way back.”
“Please, Mom?”
“Oh, all right,” Debbie gave in. “All right to everything. But don’t be thinking you and Miss Scrabble gonna go and spy up The Oval Office.”
“I’ll be good, I promise,” Hannah said. “Unless I notice the President doing something strange, of course. Oh, thank you, Mr. Bundy. And what a coincidence! Washington, D.C. happens to be the setting for my next Trick Parker novel. I can’t wait to start taking notes!”
“Great,” Debbie and Ben said in unison.


THE END

About the Author
Marty Donnellan is a nearly lifelong resident of Atlanta, GA, USA. She is a writer, doll maker, skater and skating teacher, nursing home art teacher, grain growing enthusiast and founder/director of Joy Community Kitchen, Inc., a 501(c)3 non-profit food charity. She is the author of eight books. Four are stories set in the imaginary world of frendibles, two are cozy mysteries, and two are non-fiction "how-to" manuals. www.martydonnellan.com




Other Books by Marty Donnellan

Mountain City Murder, A Hannah Scrabble Cozy Mystery

Henbit and Her Sisters
(Book One of the Forest of the Frendibles Series)

Tegera
(Book Two of the Forest of the Frendibles Series)

Henbit and the Roly Poly

Henbit and Maypop

Teach Someone to Roller Skate – 
Even Yourself!

Cloth Characters – 
A Book of Doll Patterns and Ideas





Preview
“Mountain City Murder, 
A Hannah Scrabble Cozy Mystery”
Chapters 1-3
***


CHAPTER 1

Hannah Scrabble looked up from the red and green wool scarf she was crocheting. “There’s more,” she said from her rocking chair. “Right after that, I overheard the black-haired woman say to her friend, ‘and that’s when I decided to tell him everything I know.’” 
“So?” Melvin Pearl’s gaze rested on the green branches outside Hannah’s living room window. 
“So, what do you think she decided to tell him? Maybe she knew his wife was cheating. Or that he had embezzled money. Or –” 
“The problem with you is you’re nosy,” Melvin broke in with a smile. “Gets you into all kinds of trouble. This was just a couple of strangers who passed you in the park. Remember last time?” Rising from his chair with a grunt, he worked a loose corner of his plaid shirt back into his ill-fitting jeans. 
“If I’m such a problem, how come you're always hanging around?” Hannah countered, turning back to the scarf. Oops – that was supposed to be a single crochet, not a double. She pulled it out. 
Melvin rubbed one worn boot against the other. “I didn’t say you were a problem, I said you had a problem. You’re always misunderstanding me on purpose. Is that scarf for me?” 
“No. I guess you’re just a glutton for punishment.” 
“I reckon. Who’s it for then?” 
“Debbie in typesetting, her son.” 
“But it’s August.” 
“It’s never too early to be making holiday gifts.” Hannah sighed. “Is there some reason you dropped by, Melvin?” 
“Other than to bother you on a beautiful Saturday? No.” 
“You sure you don’t maybe want some dinner or something?” 
Melvin’s weathered face relaxed into a grin. “Thought you’d never ask. After that we can go roller skating. I’ll pay.” 
“Roller skating!” Hannah exclaimed, forgetting her crochet count again. “You’re forty one years old. When was the last time you roller skated?”
“When I was about eighteen, before I went into the service. I was pretty good back then. Got me a kiss or two out of it as I recall.” 
“Well, you won’t catch me out there. I’d fall and break my neck.” 
“What? You’re only thirty three.” 
“Thirty two.”
“But didn’t you ever go skating when you were a kid?” 
“All the time,” Hannah admitted. “I even won a waltz jumping contest once. I still have the trophy. It was around twenty years ago… 1958, I think. I guess you were already grown and gone.” A sharp memory intruded of her gangly self at age thirteen, and of the two thin-lipped blonde girls who had nicknamed her “Hardscrabble Hannah” and made fun of her and the skating costume her mother had painstakingly sewn for her performance. 
Hannah laid her crochet aside and stood. She had won the contest anyway, and she knew for a fact that one of the blonde girls now scrubbed toilets for a living. The other two she had lost track of. She glanced at the clock.
“Time to be starting dinner,” she said. “How about you make the salad?”
Before they sat down to eat, Hannah turned off the lights in the dining room. She often did this, to allow the late summer sun to cast an emerald glow through the trees onto the walls. “A tree spell,” her mother used to call it. Her grandfather Horace Scrabble had built the frame farmhouse in 1936, forty two years ago. When he died, it had passed on to her parents, and upon their deaths to Hannah and her younger brother Ben, as had the surrounding thirty six acres of woods, pasture and farmland.
Situated on a gentle mountain slope in western North Carolina, the house was small but tidy, with large windows, white walls and scrubbed pine floors. Hannah had always loved it. Even as a child, she had thought it smelled like cinnamon and bread baking and sometimes apple pie, even when there was nothing in the oven. Oaks, pines and poplars surrounded it, with the winter months allowing beautiful views of the surrounding Black Mountains. These days, Hannah took as good care of her home as a cash-strapped single woman with poor mechanical skills could. Ben had other things to do. 
During dinner Melvin kept after her until she agreed to go skating with him. Afterward, he tackled the dishes while she went to her bedroom to change from her rayon maxi-dress into a pair of high-waisted jeans and a soft, gathered blouse. They got into Melvin’s truck and headed to Galaxy Quest Family Fun Center, Mountain City’s only roller rink.  
They pulled into the parking lot which was crowded and littered with cigarette butts. Melvin paid their admission and they went inside. Attached to the orange concrete wall opposite the ticket booth were posters containing rules and regulations, and a large, black and white framed photo of the rink’s builder and original owner, Alvin Miller.
They passed through the door separating the lobby from the skating area.  Instantly they were assailed with loud, unfamiliar music with a thundering bass, and a crowd of mostly younger people. The vast maple floor was as Melvin and Hannah remembered it, and surprisingly unscarred considering the millions of pounds of skaters who had rolled over it. 
“Nothing has changed, has it?” Hannah commented, taking in the navy carpeted walls, the stained white ceiling, the rusty, yellow lockers banked against the far wall and the gigantic clock over them. “Except the people. And the new disco ball.” 
“And the music.” Melvin began twitching his mustache and heaving his broad shoulders up and down. “Stayin’ alive, stayin’ alive, ho ho ho ho, hubbity hummity hubbity ho. How can anyone listen to this stuff?” 
Hannah had to laugh. Melvin had no rhythm. After storing their belongings in one of the dented lockers, they exchanged their shoes for the musty smelling, leather rental skates they remembered. They sat down on one of the rink’s many carpeted mushroom stools to lace them up. Perched on the stool next to them and also putting on skates was another couple who looked about the same age as Hannah. 
“This place smells just like it did twenty five years ago,” Melvin shouted above the music at the man.
“People breathing and sweating and not enough air circulation equals mold,” the man shouted back. He stuck out his hand. “Adam Larkin. Larkin Heating and Air.” Adam Larkin had shiny, jet black hair and thick lips that curled up on one side into a permanent smirk. He had probably been told he looked like Elvis Presley his entire life. More like Elvis Presley’s mean older brother or cousin, Hannah decided.
“This is my wife, Tonya,” he said. Tonya, a short, fairly attractive woman with overly tan skin and voluminous frosted waves, nodded. 
“Melvin Pearl. Master engraver at Dickson’s Printing Company. This is my, um, friend, Hannah Scrabble.” 
“The goat lady!” Tonya blurted. Immediately she blushed. “I’m sorry. It’s just that, you know, you and all those goats and the big floppy hat and the staff, we see you…” Noticing her husband’s glare, she stopped trying to explain herself and turned her embarrassed smile to the skaters on the floor. 
“It’s all right, Tonya.” Hannah smiled, too, as she finished lacing up her skates. She wasn't embarrassed. She loved taking care of her goats. Who cared what this woman thought? Maybe she would fall down. 
“Well, here goes nothing,” Melvin said, standing. He extended a hand to Hannah. “Ready?” 
“Yes, but don’t hold my hand in case I fall.” The pair stepped gingerly down onto the skate floor and began to make short, wobbly strokes forward, cringing as younger and better skaters whizzed past them. 
Gliding shakily on one foot and then the other, Hannah giggled. “I must look like a giraffe on wheels.” 
A cute giraffe on wheels, Melvin thought, though he had learned from experience not to say things like that to Hannah. The woman had a temper on her. 
Halfway around the rink, Hannah broke away from him and began to stroke more confidently forward. Melvin enjoyed surveying her from behind. Hannah was tall and thin like all the Scrabble women, with wide hips, reddish-brown waves, long arms and legs and sharp cheekbones. No one had ever thought of her as beautiful, not even Melvin. There was, however, something beautiful in her plainness, a beguiling feminine frankness he found irresistible. 
And she was skating better than he thought possible. As for him, he had only been on the floor a few minutes, but his ankles were already trembling and he was beginning to sweat. 
Hannah skated several laps, passing Adam Larkin who was lecturing his wife. “Glide, Tonya. It’s easy, just one two, one two – why can’t you glide!” Hannah smirked as she passed them, and caught back up with Melvin. 
“I think I remember how to slow down,” she shouted above the music. She placed one skate behind the other at a right angle and dragged it lightly behind her. “See? It’s called a T-stop.” Girlish delight filled her face.
“Looking good.” Melvin grinned. “Still remember your waltz jump?” His smile disappeared. “Hannah?” 
Hannah was no longer listening. Instead, she was staring at something in the distance. 
“Melvin!” she cried, clutching his arm. “It’s the black-haired woman, and she's crying!”

CHAPTER 2

Hannah’s violent motion caused Melvin to trip and crash to his knees. His mouth opened in a silent scream.
“Oh, my goodness!” Hannah dropped beside him. “Are you all right? I didn’t mean to make you fall. It’s just that the woman I told you about earlier, she’s here!”
“What woman?” Melvin wheezed, not looking up from the floor.
“The woman I overheard saying she was going to tell the man everything she knew. I saw her in the snack bar and she’s crying. Melvin, I’ll be right back. I’ve got to see what’s going on.”
Leaving Melvin panting on his hands and knees, Hannah rose and deftly skated to the end of the maple floor. She hopped up the step to the carpeted area, duck-walked across it in her skates, and rolled into the tile-floored snack bar. 
The black-haired woman was sitting at one of the tables with her back to Hannah. Across from her sat a man with red hair and a square jaw and an ugly shirt. Hannah could hear the woman sniffling, and the man looked angry. 
Hannah quickly ordered and paid for a soft drink. Trying to look inconspicuous, she sat down with her soda at the next table, back-to-back with the woman and facing the same direction as the man. She strained to hear their words.
“Stop crying, you’re making a scene,” she heard the man hiss behind her. “You need to keep your mouth shut from now on, understand? Not another word to anyone. Keep… your stupid mouth… shut.”
“Please don’t let Theo hear you speak to me that way,” the woman sniffled.
“Just go on home,” the man ordered. “I’ll be there in a few hours. I’ll walk you out.” Hannah heard the couple get up. She turned slightly, and out of the corner of her eye watched them head toward the exit.
Rats. To follow them would be too obvious. There was nothing to do but go back to Melvin. Melvin! Her heart sank. How rude she had been to leave him. She hoped he was all right. She got up, her eyes searching for him on the skate floor. To her surprise, he was pretty much where she had left him, still on his hands and knees but now crawling through the rushing stream of skaters toward the carpet. 
She sighed. Melvin wasn’t overweight, but in her opinion never got enough exercise, so it was no wonder he was having trouble. She decided not to let him know she had witnessed his humiliation. She waited until he was safely seated on one of the mushroom stools before returning – not skating to him across the maple floor, but duck-walking on the carpet.
“Melvin, are you all right? I couldn’t find you,” she said. Three teens sat snickering on the next stool. They stopped at her look of warning.
“I’m fine. I got up and skated a whole ’nuther lap,” Melvin told her. His face was still red but he was no longer panting. “This skating business is easier than I remember. Do I get a kiss?” 
Hannah gave him a quick peck on the cheek. “I’m glad you’re all right. Sorry I ran off.”
“So where did you go? Did you solve the mystery?”
“Shhh!” Hannah said, glancing at the teens again. “I’ll tell you later. You know, I’m feeling kind of wiped out from all this exercise. Do you mind if we leave and go get some ice cream?”
“What? You don’t want to wait for the hokey pokey?” Melvin joked, though his expression was grateful as they unlaced their skates.
-------------------------------------------
Monday morning Hannah woke up happy. She was scheduled to freelance after lunch in the typesetting department of Dickson’s Printing Company, which meant her morning was free. 
After eating a somewhat mealy apple from her apple tree, she put on her favorite overalls, combat boots and floppy hat and walked the half-mile to the front pasture to feed and water her five goats. The pasture bordered woods on two sides and was close to the street, but there were no cars on the narrow, winding country road this morning.
She rinsed and refilled the water trough and told the goats good morning. The goats were all female except for her oldest goat, Rufus, a large, dour-looking ram whose rectangular pupils appeared to look in different directions. Rufus pressed against her for a head rub. Still thinking about the conversation she had overheard the night before, she patted Rufus’ head and watched the other goats munch their grain. After a while she told them goodbye and headed back down the path to see what needed to be done in the garden. 
Hannah’s vegetable garden was a large one, almost unmanageably so for a woman with no tractor, very little money, and a small gas tiller that only worked sometimes. More often than not, she gave up on the tiller and did what needed to be done with a hoe, rake and shovel. Her brother Ben marveled that her produce was as luscious and healthy as it was, considering that not only had it been grown without pesticides, but with nothing more than her “third-world tools”. 
Hannah and Ben’s parents had been killed in an automobile accident seven years prior. Besides the farm, the siblings had inherited a fairly sizeable sum of money which her father had inherited from Grandfather Scrabble. Ben, who preferred city life, found that he could not live without the money, and Hannah found that she could not live without the house and land. As their value was about equal, dividing their inheritance in this way suited them both. All the same, Hannah was often strapped for cash.
For income, she sold her goats’ milk and cheese, produce and baked goods to local businesses. She also freelanced as a typesetter at Dickson’s whenever needed. At night she worked on spy thrillers for which she hoped to find a publisher, thus ending her money woes and possibly making her famous as well. The main character was a handsome, risk-taking spy named Trick Parker. So far she had completed two Trick Parker novels and received rejection letters from fifty six publishing houses.
Hannah weeded the late summer garden and searched her tomato plants for any remaining tomatoes. She only found three, but near them were six hornworms. Her gardening book advised her to kill the large, lime colored caterpillars by cutting them in half with scissors, but she could never bring herself to do anything so violent. Instead, she collected them in a bucket and tossed them out well away from the garden.
Toward lunchtime, she returned to the house, ate two zucchini boats stuffed with goat cheese, and got ready for work. She drove to Dickson’s in her green 1973 Ford Ranger XLT pickup, a truck she had owned for five years and which still ran like a top. Once inside the building, she clocked in, sat down at her station and booted up one of the department’s new Compugraphic Editwriter 7500 photo-typesetting machines. 
The machine was a marvel and Hannah loved it. Unlike its predecessors, it had a memory. This meant that, for the first time ever, copy could be saved, retrieved and edited. Hannah had quickly learned the many codes required for formatting text and was proud of her skills. The output unit next to her keyboard transferred the images onto white photographic paper which came out in eight-foot streams for the paste-up artists in the next room to manually cut and paste into place. 
Hannah’s co-worker Debbie sauntered in and sat down at the station next to hers. Debbie wore a black faux-leather miniskirt, black fishnet stockings and a gold crocheted hat. She was a friendly, sardonic young woman with a twelve year old son she worked several jobs to support. Dickson’s provided much of her income and the rest came from her weekend job at the Hasty Tasty, a diner halfway between Mountain City and the larger city of Asheville. Debbie was as good a typesetter as Hannah and sometimes better.
“What they inflictin’ on us today?” she asked, holding out an open bag of M&Ms. 
Hannah smiled and took a few. “Let’s see, I’ve got a brochure, a form, a program and the front part of an electronics catalog. Brochure is a rush.” She reached into her drawer, located her clear plastic type gage and opened the first file folder.
Debbie was rummaging through her stack of jobs. “I got business cards, a form, a flyer and the back part of the same catalog. Guess I’ll work on the catalog. Did you hear about the dead lady?”
Hannah, who was measuring an area on an artist’s mock-up board, looked up sharply. “What?”
“Did you hear about the dead lady. They found her in her car this morning.” Debbie pointed her index finger at her head. “Boom.”
“Someone shot her? Debbie, that’s awful! Where did it happen?”
“You know that roller skating ring beyond Highway 41?”
“You mean rink?”
“Ring, rink… they found her there early this morning, in the parking lot. Shot right between the eyes.”

CHAPTER 3

Hannah’s face filled with horror as she recalled the black-haired woman who had been so upset, and the red-haired man who had treated her so roughly. “How awful!” she exclaimed. “And to think I was just there last night.” 
“For real?” Debbie’s dark eyes widened. “You were at the roller skating ring? With Melvin?” 
Hannah sighed. “Why do you always have to know if I was with him?” 
“’Cause Melvin is a good man,” Debbie told her, pushing a handful of M&Ms into her mouth. “No funny business and he ain’t gonna dog you out. And his kids are grown. You should marry him.”
“Why would I marry Melvin?” Hannah blurted, prying her thoughts from the death. “Everything would be different.” 
“Girl, you think too much. He ain’t gonna wait around forever. There’s lots of women who’d love a good dependable guy like Melvin. He’s hard working, he don’t drink, and he don’t run around. Nothing like that James Bond dude you write about.”
Hannah colored, regretting telling Debbie about her spy novels. “Tell you what, Debbie. I’ll get married when you do. We can be bridesmaids at each others’ weddings.” Hannah knew that would shut her friend up. Debbie had never been married and enjoyed a constantly changing string of boyfriends. 
“Now tell me about the woman in the parking lot,” she said. 
Debbie shrugged. “Early this morning somebody found her with her brains blowed out. They think it was a suicide, but who knows?” 
“Did she… did they say who she was?” 
“Nope. Guess we’ll find out later.” 
“I hope it’s nobody we know,” Hannah said. 
“I know that’s right. Hey, you were there. Did you see anything suspicious?” 
“No,” Hannah lied, lowering her eyes. She turned back to her copy board. Debbie regarded her friend’s profile a moment before turning to her own work. 
When the first part of her shift ended, Hannah went to the break room. She turned on the television and turned the channels until she found the evening news. 
“In local news, a body was discovered early this morning in the parking lot of Galaxy Quest Family Fun Center,” the reporter was saying. “Authorities are calling the death a suspected suicide, as it appears both a gun and a hand-written suicide note were found next to the body. The victim is female, but her name is being withheld pending notification of the family. We at Channel 2 will keep you informed as developments unfold in this tragic story.” 
 “Hoped I’d find you in here.” While Hannah was watching the newscast, Melvin had ambled into the break room. He shoved a plastic container into Dickson’s new countertop microwave oven and slammed the door. “Isn’t this thing great? Cooks up anything in no time. I see you heard about the woman.” 
“Yeah. I can’t believe that’s where we were last night.” 
Melvin punched in some numbers on the microwave oven, pressed “start”, and stood gazing at Hannah with his arms crossed. He still wore his engraver’s apron and he looked tired. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked, not liking his expression which had become grave. “I thought your shift had ended.” 
“You’re always asking me why I’m here. My shift did end. I just came in to eat this spaghetti I didn’t have time for earlier. And see you.” He studied Hannah’s face. “They say it was a suicide.” 
“I know. I wonder.”
“So do I, after what you told me. But murder is serious business. You don’t want to get involved in something you can’t get out of.” Hannah looked down. “Promise me you won’t.”
“Melvin, I don’t know if I can make a promise like that. Let’s just see what the news says. We don’t even know if it was the same woman.” 
Melvin reached out and gave Hannah’s auburn waves the lightest of touches. “Just be careful. That sorry wall-eyed goat needs you.” 
Hannah gave his hand a swat. Just then, Nora and Jane from the bindery burst giggling into the break room, and they talked of other things. 
To both Melvin’s and Hannah’s disappointment, Hannah was not scheduled to work for the next several days. She did not own a television, so she spent the next few mornings in town scouring the local newspaper for information. On the third morning her search was rewarded. The dead woman’s name was Thelina DeBarr and she was twenty eight years old. Thelina and her husband, Val DeBarr, who was thirty five, had recently moved to Mountain City from Asheville. Thelina worked in retail and Val was the new owner of Galaxy Quest Family Fun Center. The couple was childless. Authorities were treating the death as a confirmed suicide. 
There was a picture of Thelina, smiling and happy with Val. Hannah had never seen Thelina’s face, and found her pretty bordering on beautiful. She was not surprised to recognize Val as the angry red-haired man from the rink. 
She returned home troubled, and spent the afternoon baking bread and thinking. After dinner she wandered into the guest room. Filling the small room were a twin-sized bed and a long table bearing an antique typewriter, several stacks of paper, a spiral-bound notebook, a jar of pencils and a much used bottle of white-out. The typewriter had been her grandfather’s. Whenever Ben asked her why she didn’t buy a nice modern Selectric typewriter for her masterpieces, she merely smiled and said she liked the one she had. 
Bolted to the far wall of the room was half of a large, classroom-sized blackboard Hannah had talked Ben into hauling in for her last birthday. She had gotten it dirt cheap from a county school sale, thinking it would be perfect for plotting her Trick Parker novels. She had filled it with scribbled notes, diagrams, squares, circles and arrows pointing in every direction. 
Hannah took an eraser and erased the left fifth of her markings, sneezing at the fine white dust her motions released. Taking a fresh piece of chalk, she began to doodle in the space as the sun set outside.
If the police were saying Thelina’s death was a suicide, then it must be – case closed. If only she could erase the image of the woman from her mind like she had the diagrams from the board. It was one thing to make up complicated spy thrillers featuring a handsome, unflinching hero of her own making, and another to reflect on the tragic, real life death of a real human being she had seen and passed by close enough to touch.
What had Thelina known? Whatever it was, could it possibly have cost her life? Could her suicide have been staged? Could Thelina’s husband have forced her to kill herself, or could he have murdered her himself and made it look like a suicide? 
And why was she even asking these questions, since the police seemed satisfied that it was a suicide? A small memory fired off in her mind – Thelina’s friend, the woman she had been talking to on the day Hannah overheard her say she intended to tell “him” whatever it was she knew…
Hannah tried to remember what the friend looked like. Thelina and the friend had passed her in the park as they walked and soon disappeared around a bend. All Hannah could remember was the back of a rather broad-shouldered woman wearing blue jeans, green running shoes and an orange Hawaiian shirt. She also wore a baseball cap, from which her brown hair trailed down in a long ponytail. Hannah wished she could find her. 
She drew a circle on the blackboard and wrote Thelina’s and Val's names in it. She wrote “Thelina’s Friend” with an arrow pointing from Thelina. She wrote all of her questions down. She smiled as an idea occurred to her. It was a good idea. But she was not going to tell Melvin. Not yet.

END OF PREVIEW


MAILING LIST

Would you like to be on my mailing list to be notified when this and other stories are available for purchase? Contact Marty@martydonnellan.com.

