



Betsy Breedlove & Professor Foxton’s Notebook
by Martin Marriott
Copyright 2014 Martin Marriott
Smashwords Edition





Also By Martin Marriott
Killing the Dead (A Zombie Novella)
The Good Girl (A Cain & Able Detective Short Story)
The Man Who Found God (A Short Story)
The Bowman (The Will Marston Trilogy- Part 1 Kendal Castle)



Betsy Breedlove & Professor 	Foxton’s Notebook


Chapter One

Le Rene Hotel, Paris, 1929

Betsy Breedlove looked in the silver, ornate mirror as she pouted her full, luscious lips and applied her blood-red lipstick. Above her hung a decadent chandelier that lit up the room as if the walls were encrusted with crystals and diamonds. Breedlove's well-kept bronze, curly mane shimmered in the light, along with her delicate soft magnolia skin. For tonight's event she decided to wear a long white silk dress that complemented her womanly figure. The dress always made men's heads turn and their partners and wives scowl with jealously and contempt.
Her hotel door opened, and in strode her pretend date and brother, Horace. His jet black hair was slicked into a side parting. He wore a tuxedo with a white bow-tie and Breedlove instantly smelled his aftershave as he closed the door. 
"That cologne of yours always makes my nose itch." Breedlove rubbed her lips together and placed the lipstick back in her handbag. 
Horace shrugged and flopped down in the plump red chair beside her bed. 
"I like it." He picked up a broadsheet and began to read. "Margo got it for my birthday."
Breedlove rolled her eyes. "Maybe you should pick your own cologne instead of your wife. After all, she's got bad taste in nearly everything in life."
"Including men I presume?" Horace carried on browsing through the paper.
Breedlove smiled as she donned her grey fur coat. She bent down and planted a bright red kiss on Horace's cheek. "Dear brother, would I suggest a thing like that?"  
Horace looked at her startled and then slightly bemused. "Er, yes, you would."
"Come, it's time to go to work." Breedlove picked up her small and very expensive Parisian handbag and made for the door.
"Work!” scoffed Horace as he folded the paper and stood. "I wouldn't call it work by any means."
Breedlove opened the door. "Then what am I doing here?"
"You're a spy, Elizabeth." Horace saw a brief flicker of rage in his sister’s eyes. He knew she hated being called by her birth name. "In my book that's a dishonest job."
"We're employed by the same people," said Breedlove calmly. "I just play by different rules, that’s all."
Horace sighed and made for the door. "One day you'll settle down again and forget about all of this espionage business."
Breedlove waited for Horace to exit the room. She closed the door, slung the handbag over her shoulder and walked arm in arm with him down the corridor towards the party. 
"Should a woman really hold her bag like that? Isn't it unwomanly?"
Breedlove broke into a pleasant grin and huddled closer to her brother. "Isn't it unwomanly to pretend to be on a date with your older brother?"
"Just as long as you don't try and kiss me."
Breedlove looked appalled and then slightly befuddled as she tried to remember such a thing.
"Prague? Count Vlodlav?" said Horace.
"Ah yes, I had to think on my feet."
"Feet!" Horace quietly grumbled as they began to snake their way down the grand curved staircase. The sultry sound of the jazz band swept it’s way through the hotel corridors and foyer towards them. "Nearly putting your tongue down my throat doesn't constitute as thinking on one’s feet."
"I needed to make Vlodlav jealous. That was the only option open to me." 
Breedlove smiled and winked at several smartly dressed gentlemen. Their wives scowled back and dragged their husbands away in disgust. "It worked, didn't it?"
"He nearly shot me," moaned Horace.
Breedlove caught the eye of a passing waiter and retrieved two flutes of champagne from his circular silver tray. "Nearly being the operative word," she said.
Horace sipped the champagne and then grumbled at getting side tracked. "After tonight Betsy, I'm done. No more getting chased half the way around the world by mad men."
"Ok," shrugged Breedlove.
"Ok?" Horace said with caution. "You're ok with that?"
"I am," sipped Breedlove. Her eyes scoured the throng of party guests looking for her man. "As soon as I get Professor Foxton’s notebook, then I'll be off."
"And he's just going to hand it over?" Horace spotted an oncoming waiter with a tray of seafood canopies. He picked up two that had Scottish salmon with a hint of dill.
Breedlove declined any light snack at the moment. She had other pressing matters at hand.
"No, he won't," she said. "Do you remember Rex Lumley?"
Horace sadly nodded. "He was a good man. It's such a shame he died the way he did."
"It was Professor Foxton that had him garrotted in his bed."
A look of dread cast over Horace's face. "And that hasn't deterred you from pursuing him?"
Breedlove grinned and sipped more champagne. "I love a challenge, Hors. Don't forget I was married to Jimmy for four years."
Horace smiled weakly. He dearly missed his brother-in-law. "Let's get this over with," he said. "I've got a meeting with the Italian Prime Minister in an hour."
Betsy once again hooked her arm through Horace's. "Then introduce me, Mr Chancellor, to my new friend."
Horace sighed, lowered his champagne flute onto a passing tray, and led the way over to the other side of the room.   

Chapter Two

Professor Edgar Foxton was tall and extremely thin-framed. His face was besmirched with scars from The Great War. To cover the marks he bore, he'd attempted to grow a beard, but the skin on his face had been so torn up by a mortar shell at Passchendaele that the hairs would not form. Foxton's once hazelnut-coloured hair had been turned snow white by the events that happened over those three months.
Breedlove admired Foxton's dress sense as she approached him. He wore a dark grey tweed suit with white shoes. His snow coloured hair was styled short, and perched on the edge of his nose were small circular glasses.
"Professor Foxton," Horace held out his hand. "My name’s Horace Dawley. I'm a keen admirer of your work."
Foxton stared at Betsy. His blue calculating eyes looked her up and down. 
"I know who you are, Mr Chancellor," said Foxton. "And you are?" Foxton looked sharply at Breedlove. 
Breedlove knew Foxton had left Britain for Russia at the end of the war. His ten-year stay had tinged his once plummy English accent with a spate of hard, gravelly Russian.
"Betsy...."
"Your wife Margo not joining you Chancellor?" interrupted Foxton.
Horace gulped, “She’s stayed behind in England. She's not much of a traveller since the children were born."
"I see." Foxton raised his hand and removed his glasses. He retrieved a red and green checked handkerchief from his shirt pocket. "I apologise for cutting you off." Foxton looked at Breedlove as he cleaned his glasses. "What was your name again?"
"Betsy Breedlove."
"Interesting surname," admired Foxton. "What brings you to Paris?"
"Your lecture." Breedlove cast him one of her sultry smiles. It had little effect on the Professor.
"You two know one another well?" Foxton slid on his glasses and tucked the handkerchief away. 
"This is our first evening engagement together," Breedlove shyly said. "I do most of the Chancellor’s paper work."
Foxton raised what was left of his eyebrows. He seemed impressed that Breedlove was supposedly having an affair with her boss.
"I do hope you enjoy the rest of your evening." 
Foxton made to leave, but Breedlove laid her newly painted fingernails on his arm. "I was rather hoping you could give me a private lecture."
Foxton looked at Horace as he moistened his bottom lip with the tip of his tongue. "Meet me in Room 1616 at ten o'clock. Bring a pen and paper with you, if you wish. Will you be accompanying us Chancellor?"
Horace coughed as he suddenly checked his watch. "I'm afraid not, Professor. I've got an appointment with the Italian Prime Minister."
Foxton shook his head and sighed. "Benito Mussolini is a slippery character, Chancellor. Be very wary of what you say and do around him." Foxton gave Betsy a simplistic nod of the head and disappeared among the sea of people. 
Horace let out a burst of nervous breath. "I’ve never been that intimidated by a man before. How did he know Margo? Do you think he knows we're related?"
"Calm down, Hors. Your brow is starting to sweat."
"But Betsy..."
"I think Foxton would have shattered our little lie if he knew the truth. As far as anyone else knows, you’re an only child. There are only a handful of people that know we're actually siblings."
Horace checked his watch again just as Madame Fleur, the wife of the French Ambassador to London, came bounding towards him. Madame Fleur was as wide as she was tall, with a wild hive of hair that attempted to be concealed by a tiny hat. Even before she clasped her strong arms around his neck, Horace caught a whiff of her overwhelming perfume.
"Monsieur Dawley." Madame Fleur's ecstatic expression soon became one of unhappiness. "Why did you not tell me you were in Paris?"
Breedlove gave her brother a look of smugness.
"I only decided to come at such short notice," said Horace. "It was my secretary that pestered me to come." Horace laid his hand out towards Betsy.
Madame Fleur screwed up her nose as she glared at Betsy. "Are you new to Monsieur's cabinet?"
Breedlove grinned. "Oh no, I've always been swimming about in the background, haven't I Mr Chancellor?"
Horace gritted his teeth as he nodded and smiled. "Is your husband here, Madame Fleur?"
Madame Fleur flicked her wrist over her head towards a large crowd of people. "He's boring some ambassadors with his tales of bravery. He hardly fought at all in the Great War," she scoffed. "Maybe you could assist me in halting his terrible stories."
"Of course," Horace leaned into Breedlove's ear. "Be careful, Betsy. Don't get yourself into a pickle with Foxton."
Breedlove retrieved another flute of champagne from a passing waiter. "I never get myself into pickles, Hors."
Before Horace could argue, Madame Fleur hooked her arm through his and led him across the room towards the large crowd of guests.
 

Chapter Three

Breedlove had stopped taking an interest in what the man was telling her within minutes of him talking. He was either the Sultan of Brunei or some wealthy prince from some exotic land in the east. Breedlove didn't care for his boasts of extreme wealth, and the happiness he could give her. Even though he assured Breedlove that although she would be his sixteenth wife, she would be his favourite.
"Really," said Breedlove, as she stood at the bar keeping her eyes on Foxton, who was on the other side of the room.
The Professor was at the centre of a crowd of people who were transfixed on his every word. They nodded, clapped, gasped and laughed as the Professor reeled off some story from his past. Breedlove took a great interest and disliking to a man who was standing very close to Foxton, as if he was his human shadow. The man looked to be Russian and he was built like a bear. His body bulged with strength and his arms were as wide as three men's. His complexion was haggard and wild. A bushy beard hung low from his chin and his shaven head had blue markings going around his skull.  
The bear of a man clocked Breedlove staring at him and Foxton. The look in his cold, dead eyes gave Breedlove the impression that just because she was a woman, it wouldn't stop him from breaking her neck.
Breedlove soon turned her attention back to the man who was trying to make her his wife, but the strange little white-robed man had gone. Breedlove cast her head sideways and soon discovered he had now taken a liking to a much older woman. Breedlove knew the woman to be Lady Beatrice Hugh-Blakely, a former London socialite who had churned up masses of debt in her native city. Breedlove made a mental note to remind one of Lady Beatrice’s creditors of her whereabouts when she got back to London.
"Can I buy you a drink?" a soft male American voice enquired.
Breedlove turned to find a tall, dark and handsome man leaning against the bar. He reminded her of the late Italian actor Rudolph Valentino. 
"I'm fine, thank you," Breedlove raised her half full flute of champagne. 
The American shrugged and ordered a whiskey. "Did your Ma never tell you it's rude to stare?" He looked across at Foxton and his crowd of admirers.
"No," said Breedlove. "But she did tell me not to talk to strange men."
The American grinned as he took ownership of his drink. He toasted Breedlove before he downed it in one fell swoop. He ordered another and leaned against the bar.
"Professor Edgar Foxton," he whistled. "Psychiatrist to the rich, famous and powerful. Are you here for his speech on human genetics?"
"I am."
The American thanked the bartender for the whiskey and this time he sipped its contents.
"You don't seem the kind of broad who has a keen interest in the human mind."
Breedlove wanted to punch the man clean in the face.
"What kind of broad am I?"
The American raised his eyebrows and held out his bottom lip. "The dangerous kind."
Breedlove enjoyed her last mouthful of champagne. She turned to leave, but the American suddenly coughed and said something at the same time.
"Excuse me?" said Breedlove.
"Viktor Korovin."
"What are you gibbering about?"
"The man mountain over there that protects Foxton. He's called Viktor Korovin. Not the kind of man you want to upset,” sipped the American.
"I have no interest in Mr Korovin."
The American nearly choked in disbelief. "Yeah, right, and I'm the Queen of Sheba."
"If you are, you've let yourself go." Breedlove this time turned away, when the American reached out his hand and stopped her from moving.
"If you don't remove your hand, I will break it," she growled.
The American let his arm drop. "I believe you, London."
"What?" Breedlove really wanted to hit the smarmy Yank clean between the eyes.
"Can we talk somewhere private?" The American discreetly cast his eyes back over towards Foxton and Korovin.
"And why would I do that?" Breedlove planted her hands on her hips.
"You want Foxton's notebook, don't you?" Before she could reply the American downed the whiskey and made his way out of the dining hall.
*
Breedlove followed him onto Le Rene's third floor. The American slipped through the door of Room 318 and Breedlove had a moment’s uncertainty about the man. Who was he? Was he carrying a pistol? Was he actually working for Foxton? As these questions raced through her mind, Breedlove found herself steadily walking into the darkened room of 318.
 She felt an instant breeze and saw that the balcony door was ajar and the curtain gently fluttered. As she walked towards the balcony, she noticed that the double bed was still perfectly made and a suitcase lay on top, unopened. Breedlove saw the silhouette of the American leaning on the balcony smoking, as he took in the sight of Paris below.
"Take your time," he groaned.
 Breedlove emerged through the curtain and the American turned to face her. He was practically grinning from ear to ear.
"Who are you?" said Breedlove, her eyes tried to see if he was carrying anything.
"Calm down, London." He motioned for her to join him. "I'm not going to hurt you, we're friends."
"What gives you the right to tell me that we're friends? And stop calling me London." Breedlove refused to move any further from the balcony opening.
"Sorry about that, it’s just my thing,” said the American. “Plus, our governments told me were friends."
Breedlove took one step forward and then folded her arms in annoyance. "Tell me who you are, and what you are playing at." 
The American laughed as he exhaled smoke above his head. "Sir Henry wasn't wrong. You’re quite the feisty one."  
Breedlove's bronze fringe dropped across her eye and she used two of her fingers to move it away. The way the American watched her do it pleased her. The look in his eyes told her he was on her side.  
"Carter Raynes the name. Spying’s my game," he joked. Breedlove simply nodded for him to carry on. "I've been instructed to help you get the notebook from Foxton."
"I don't need help," said Breedlove as she moved closer to the balcony. "This broad is capable of such a simple task," she mocked.
Raynes held up his hands in surrender. "Just following orders."
"Are there things in the notebook that your government is keen to be rid of?"
"Just as much as your government is."
Breedlove put her hands on the balcony and rested her eyes on the night time landscape of Paris.
"I tend to work alone."
"So I've read." Raynes turned and leaned beside her. "What's the deal with you and the Chancellor of the Exchequer?”
"There's no deal."
"I've been privy to past assignments, and he seems to accompany you on them. Didn't Count Vlodlav nearly assassinate him?"
The second time Vlodlav has been mentioned tonight thought Breedlove. "I like to use the Chancellor to get me into certain events that otherwise I couldn't get into."
Raynes seemed half happy with her explanation. "So, there's no romantic link?"
"If there was, what's that got to do with getting the notebook from Foxton?"
"I was asking more on a personal level."
Breedlove looked at Raynes and then sighed. She had a feeling she was saddled with Raynes if she liked it or not.
"I rather hoped it was going to be a simple retrieval of the notebook, then I'd be off back to London. I can't see why I would need assistance."
Raynes shook his head and tutted. "You think Foxton won't track you down? The only reason he still draws breath is because of that notebook. All of those secrets he has scribbled away through his patients confessions. If that notebook gets into the wrong hands, God knows how many Great Wars we'll have on our hands."
Breedlove gave her new American friend a look that said he was being a tad overreactive. 
"You think I'm joking?" 
Breedlove shrugged. "I don't know what to think, Mr Carter. I've been briefed on Foxton's traumatic events at Passchendaele. I just can't understand how he became a psychiatrist when he has such problems himself."
Raynes left Breedlove and went back into the hotel room. He went over to the bed and switched on the bedside lamp. His attractive, clean-shaven face was cast in a soft yellow light, as he sat on the bed and unzipped his suitcase. Breedlove leaned against the balcony door as Raynes rifled through his belongings.
"You never answered my question," said Breedlove.
Raynes congratulated himself as he pulled out a battered, brown leather notebook.
"You'll be needing this." Raynes tossed the notebook at Breedlove.
"I presume this is a decoy?" Breedlove caught the notebook and ran her fingers across its aged leather spine and cover. She opened it up and was met with page after page of writing. "This must have taken some work."
"It took someone called Catherine Blake a long time to fabricate," Raynes said proudly.
"One of your conquests, I presume?" Breedlove closed the notebook and held it firmly in her hand.
"Actually, London, I haven't had any relations with Miss Blake. She doesn't like the male species, if you know what I mean." 
Breedlove raised her eyebrows in shock. "Is that tolerated in your part of the world?"
Raynes stood and grinned. "I'm paid to keep secrets. I'm keeping that one free of charge."
Breedlove looked at him bizarrely. "You're not doing a good job since you told me her name."
Raynes shook his head and opened the door to let her out. "I may have just made Catherine Blake and her sexual preferences up. For all you know that notebook could have written by a middle aged, balding and overweight man called Simon." 
Breedlove stood in the doorway as Raynes poured himself a whiskey from the drinks cabinet. "Where am I to meet you after I get the notebook?"
Raynes enjoyed the warm sensation as the whiskey trickled down his throat. "I'll find you. But when you get it, I'd get out of France pronto." Breedlove turned to leave. "He became a psychiatrist because he believes power lies in people’s deepest, darkest secrets. If you're privy to powerful people's deepest secrets...well, you know what I'm getting at," said Raynes.
Then something occurred to Breedlove. There was something about Raynes appearance that niggled at her memory. Those light green eyes of his, and that million dollar American smile rang so many alarm bells in Breedlove's head.
Raynes laughed. "You've remembered me."
"You look familiar. Where from?"
Raynes sipped the last of his whiskey. "September 8th, 1920, Dumora Castle, Isle of Arran."  
"My wedding day," said Breedlove.
Raynes nodded. "I was there at the request of one Jimmy Breedlove."
Breedlove felt a pang of longing and sadness at her husband’s name.
"Just one question though." Raynes poured another tumbler of whiskey. "I know for sure you weren’t in the spy game back then."
"True," said Breedlove.
"Then why did the current Chancellor of the Exchequer, Horace Dawley, walk you down the aisle?"
Breedlove didn't respond. She bolted out of the door fuming, with the decoy notebook gripped tightly in her grasp.

Chapter Four

When Breedlove knew she was out of Raynes sight she laid her hands against the corridor wall and took a deep breath. Her heart rattled against her chest as warm tears filled her eyes. The image of her wedding day flashed in her mind. 
 Jimmy grinned as they held hands at the altar. The look in his deep blue eyes was one of true love. He whispered he loved her as the vicar carried out the wedding sermon. Breedlove mouthed back that she loved him more. The vicar then solemnly pronounced them man and wife. Jimmy took Breedlove into his arms and kissed her passionately, the small congregation of well-wishers erupted into shouts and cheers of happiness. 
Then the canvas of Breedlove's most cherished memory was torn away. It was soon replaced by the one she wished she could erase.
Breedlove was in her newly refurbished kitchen making Jimmy’s favourite dish of Steak and Kidney pie. She was just about to put the pie into the piping hot oven, when the kitchen door opened. Breedlove was already smiling as she turned to face the love of her life. The look of happiness soon ebbed away. Her fresh, plump lips turned up at the edges and her mascara laden eyes narrowed with suspicion.
"What are you doing here, Horace?" Breedlove placed the pie in the oven and gently closed the door.
"Smells nice," Horace fumbled his words.
"It's Jimmy's favourite." Breedlove laid the oven towel on the worktop and rested her hands on her hips. "Speaking of which, he should be here soon, so you can make yourself scarce," waved Breedlove, but Horace stayed still. "I've not seen him in two weeks,Hors. You two can talk business another time." Breedlove brushed past her brother and held open the kitchen door.
Horace's face was etched with sadness and his eyes were full of grief.
"I'm so sorry, Elizabeth."
Breedlove's stomach lurched forward, as she raised her hand to cover her mouth. 
"No!" Breedlove's body began to tremble. "Please, Hors."
Horace bowed his head. He couldn't bring himself to look his younger sister in the eyes.
"Jimmy was captured behind enemy lines last night. It's been reported..." Horace's voice cracked with emotion. 
"What did they do to him?" said Breedlove, as mascara ran down her cheeks.
Horace stayed silent.
"I have a right to know what the bastards did to my husband, Horace." 
It was a rare thing indeed for Breedlove to call him Horace. Although the time wasn't right, he tried to cast his mind back if she had ever called him his full name before.
"It's believed he and three others were murdered in their cells as they slept."
"How did he die?" growled Breedlove.
Horace didn't want to speak the truth, but he knew Breedlove would find out eventually.
"His throat was slit."
Breedlove legs buckled and her knees came crashing to the kitchen floor, as she screamed like a wailing banshee.
*
Breedlove composed herself as she stood outside Room 1616. She slid the decoy notebook inside her bag and raised her hand to knock on the door, when it slowly swung open. 
"You're late," barked Korovin, as he held the door aloft.
Breedlove shrugged. "What can a girl do when the Sultan of Brunei wants to buy them a drink?"
Korovin closed the door as Breedlove made her way into Foxton's room. 
"The Professor is taking a bath. He wants you to wait here."
Korovin walked over to two gold, enamelled chairs with deep purple upholstery that were placed in the middle of the room facing one another. Everything about the room was grand, from the carpet to the four poster bed, to the twin chandelier that hung from the intricately carved white, wooden ceiling. Breedlove noticed the entrance to the balcony was at least four times the size of hers and Raynes.
"The Professor has good taste," marvelled Breedlove. "This room must have cost him a pretty penny."
"The Professor recommends you try this," Korovin handed Breedlove a ready filled flute of champagne as she sat down. The cushioning on the chair was so light, she thought she was sitting on fresh air.
"Very nice," sipped Breedlove. "Tastes a bit different to the one at the party."
Korovin produced a well-knowing smile. "What you are drinking is champagne from Professor Foxton's own private collection."
"What year?"
"Dom Perignon, 1921."
Breedlove sipped and found it too bitter for her taste buds. She went to hand the flute back, but Korovin gently moved his head side to side and refused to take it from her.
"The Professor wants you to enjoy his gift."
"And if I don't want to?"
Korovin slowly pushed the flute towards Breedlove's lips.
"What the Professor wishes, the Professor gets."
Breedlove was about to tell Korovin where to go, when the bathroom door clicked open. Out of the steam emerged Professor Foxton, dressed in a white bathrobe, with his hair slicked back. The heat of the bath had revealed every single mark on his face from his time at Passchendaele.
"Enjoying the champagne?" said Foxton.
"It’s an acquired taste."
Foxton slowly nodded his head as he sat opposite her. Korovin came over to him with a small rectangular box with E.F. engraved on the lid. He lifted up the lid and Foxton retrieved a cigar.
"You don't mind, do you?" said Foxton.
When Breedlove said she didn't, Korovin lit the cigar as it hung from Foxton's mouth. The aroma of the burning dried tobacco made her think of Jimmy.
"Toscano," said Breedlove.
"I'm impressed," puffed Foxton. "Did your husband smoke?"
Foxton's question took Breedlove by surprise and she was momentarily left speechless.
"No, my father was a keen smoker," said Breedlove. "What made you think that I was married?"
Foxton drew a long, heavy breath from the Toscano and let the smoke filter through his narrow mouth.
"Your wedding finger gives me that impression."
Breedlove looked at her bare finger. 
"It's narrower at the base than the rest of your fingers. Also, the skin colour is slightly paler."
"How very perceptive of you, Professor.”
Foxton grinned back. "It's my job to be perceptive, Mrs Breedlove."
The way Foxton slowly pronounced her name, with that hint of gravelly Russian in his voice, made her blood run cold.
"How long ago did your husband die?" 
"I'm not here to discuss my personal life, Professor Foxton."
Foxton rolled his eyes as he drew another long breath from the Toscano. 
"Ah, you’re here for a private lecture on my theories of the human mind."
"Yes, I am. The human mind interests me greatly," said Breedlove.
"Of course, of course," mocked Foxton. "But I like to know as much as possible about my students."
"I'm not your student, Professor Foxton."
The smile that had broken across Foxton's face as they conversed suddenly vanished. He leaned forward as the cigar smoked away in his hand. His white, damp hair glistened under the twin chandelier, his war torn eyes seethed in their sockets.
"Then I suggest you leave."
Breedlove ran the tip of her tongue across her bottom lip to moisten it. This assignment wasn't going as she had planned it. Her feelings about Jimmy were still raw, even though his death had happened nearly five years ago. Breedlove always promised herself that she wouldn't let what happened effect her work, even though she made it her task in finding out who was actually responsible for her husband’s death. 
Raynes had unnerved her with the revelation that he was at her wedding, and now Foxton was goading her. Breedlove needed this assignment to go smoothly, or everything she had worked for would be cast into the gutter.
"He died in a motorcycle accident," said Breedlove.
Foxton leaned back in his chair. "It's very rare for widows to remove their wedding rings. They still see it as a symbol of union, even in death."
"I'm not like most widows," said Breedlove. "I miss my husband every waking day, but my ring reminds me of what I have lost. What we had is kept in here," Breedlove tapped her fingers against her temple.
Foxton extinguished the cigar with the tips of his fingers. He raised himself out of the chair and walked over to the cigar box Korovin had placed on the dresser. He then began to pour himself a flute of champagne.
"You’re a very attractive lady. I'm surprised that no man has tried to make you their wife."
"They've tried, but I'm not interested in getting married again."
Foxton sat back down and ran his fingers through his white mane. "Not even if the right gentleman asked?"
Breedlove winked. "Are you offering, Professor?"
"Please," said Foxton as he made himself comfortable. "Call me Edgar."

Chapter Five
 
Breedlove hadn't stopped running since Korovin's bullet whipped past her cheek on the third floor of Le Rene’s. The howling voice of Foxton still rang in her ears as both men chased her through the main foyer of the hotel. Breedlove still felt guilty that she hadn't said goodbye to Horace. She desperately hoped that Foxton wouldn't hurt him.
 With Professor Foxton's notebook hidden in her bag, and the decoy laying in pieces on Foxton's floor, Breedlove was heading for somewhere to lay low. Carter Raynes said he would find her, but how could he find her when she had no idea where she was going? Breedlove needed to contact Sir Henry and tell him that she had the notebook. But she guessed that with the scene that was created at La Rene, a lot of people were going to find out that she had the notebook.
 After she lost Foxton and Korovin in a maze of backstreets and side alleys in Paris, Breedlove used all the money she had to catch a train out of the capital. After several jittery waits, more train journeys and encounters with men who she thought worked for Foxton, Breedlove found herself in Florence. 
Breedlove needed money, and more than anything she needed to blend in. She sold everything she had on her: expensive jewellery, her Parisian handbag and, begrudgingly, her white, head-turning dress. One thing that she couldn't, and wouldn't sell, was a small, simple ring. It wasn't much to look at and would have fetched very little money anyway. 
It was originally purchased from a bazaar somewhere in Eastern Turkey, by Jimmy Breedlove, on one of many hair-raising missions that he carried out on behalf of the British Empire. When Jimmy saw the ring he knew what its sole purpose was going to be. As Breedlove ran her fingers over the cold metal, she could hear the vicar pronounce them man and wife.
When Breedlove was dressed more like a Florence citizen, from its lower classes, she decided there was one thing left for her to do: to completely change her appearance. She found a barber, who at first refused to cut her hair, not because she was a woman, but because he protested that she had the most beautiful hair he had ever seen. Breedlove quickly made up a story that her deranged husband was chasing her across Italy trying to kill her, and that she needed the barbers help to live. The barber eventually agreed, and cut her flowing bronze hair. 
Breedlove, at first, was shocked at her short hair which now hung above her neck, it wasn't a great cut but it would suffice. The next thing she had to do was change the colour.
"Darker," said Breedlove.
The barber looked at her perplexed.
"I need to you to dye my hair darker."
The barber rapidly chewed his bottom lip.
"Look!" Breedlove got up from the chair and went over to a shelf with a picture of an handsome Italian man smiling back at her. "Same," pointed Breedlove at the man’s shiny black hair.
The barber sighed, shook his head and disappeared into the back of his shop. He reappeared moments later with a glass bottle of black liquid.
Breedlove emerged from the barber thirty minutes later. She clocked herself in a window as she went in search of somewhere to stay. The back of her neck was slightly spotted with the black liquid, and she desperately looked to see if the barber had hidden all of her former bronze appearance. She was pleasantly surprised he had. She quite liked her new boyish look, and wondered what Horace would make of it. 
After stretching her legs across her temporary residence, Breedlove found herself a small rustic hotel hidden in a back street, away from the hustle and bustle of Florence.
"You English?" the rotund man said from behind the desk.
Breedlove put on a light American accent. "I hail from New York," she smiled.
The rotund man shrugged. "English, American, no different to me. You all pay the same."
The man grunted his price, Breedlove handed over the cash and gave him a wink. He grunted again and waved her away as he led the way up a rickety staircase to her room. 
"Men may come and go," he snapped. "But no noise after dark."
"There'll be no men," assured Breedlove. "I'm a woman of God."
"Whatever," the man huffed as he left.
   Her room was basic and minimal. A single bed, a side cabinet, wardrobe and a medium sized oval mirror were the only furnishings. Breedlove opened a side door that she thought was a store cupboard, only to find a box shaped room that had just enough space for the cast iron bath and toilet that lay inside.
Breedlove suddenly heard a commotion outside her bedroom window. She opened the wooden shutters and peered below. The commotion was being carried out between the hotel manager and a younger man who was the clichéd Italian of tall, dark and handsome. Breedlove was well educated in many foreign languages and she knew exactly what the young man was saying.
"You're a liar and cheat!" said the handsome man. "You promised to pay me today."
"What's a couple of lire to you, nephew?" shrugged the hotel owner. "A successful businessman like you shouldn't quarrel with an uncle for such a measly figure." 
"Just because I earn a good living, doesn't mean I will let you cheat me out of my money."
The hotel owner walked away. "Go home, Salvatore."
"What about my money?"
The hotel manager stopped in the doorway and faced him. "Call it quits. I looked after you when nobody else did. Think of it as back payment."
Salvatore hated it when his uncle used the past to punish him. Whenever they argued, the past was the only weapon in his uncle’s arsenal he could use against him. His uncle gave a wry smile as he left his angry looking nephew on the doorstep. Salvatore then looked above him, and briefly saw Breedlove gazing back before she disappeared out of sight.
"The old fool is always like this," he bellowed. "Make sure he doesn't over-charge you for your stay."
Breedlove came back to the window when she heard Salvatore’s footsteps clicking away from her down the cobbled alleyway. She craned her neck out of the window and saw him kick several wooden crates over in rage, before he vanished from sight. Then something popped into her mind. She had seen Salvatore's face before. She racked her brains for a name or a place but nothing to mind, yet she knew it was only recently that she had seen him. As she sat on the edge of her bed it suddenly dawned on her where. 
The photograph at the barbers. The one she had shown the barber what hair colour she wanted. But the more she thought about it the photo had been signed by somebody on the bottom right hand corner. Then the hotel owner calling his nephew by his name made it all clear as day. His nephew was the well- renowned dressmaker, Salvatore Moretti. 

Chapter Six

Sir Henry Goldwyn pressed his fingers over his heart and massaged the tightness across his chest. He gazed out of the large window in his office and didn't pay any attention to anything that was happening in the outside world. Every time he thought of Le Rene, and the whole mess Betsy Breedlove had left in her wake, the pain in his chest grew tighter.
Sir Henry's attention was drawn away from his missing spy, and his eyes trailed a figure making its way across Regents Park towards his office. 
"About time," said Sir Henry.
He went over to his drinks cabinet, that was made in the shape of a globe, and opened it up. He retrieved two crystal tumblers and proceeded to fill them with a decent measure of Scotch.
A light knock came at the door.
"There's no need to knock," said Sir Henry.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer removed his hat as he stepped over the threshold. Sir Henry wasted no time in handing over the other crystal tumbler. 
"It's a bit early," said Horace. "You don't seem well, sir. Are you coming down with something?"
"If you class the Americans and King George constantly badgering me about where Foxton's bloody notebook is," sipped Sir Henry. "Then yes, I'm coming down with a severe case of the stresses."
"The notebook is in Betsy's possession."
Sir Henry grimaced, as he slouched in his chair. "Then where the hell is she?"
"You must have every faith in Betsy." Horace decided to remain standing.
"Yet you've heard nothing from her?"
Horace shook his head as he reluctantly sipped the scotch. "Have the Americans heard from their man?"
Sir Henry sighed and finished off his beverage. "Last time Raynes checked in with them was after he gave Breedlove the decoy notebook." 
"Foxton hasn't got to him?"
"They don't think so." Sir Henry slid his tumbler across his desk and instructed Horace to fill it up. "There's rumours that he and Breedlove may be holed up somewhere trying to sell Foxton's notebook to the highest bidder."
"Preposterous!" Horace met Sir Henry's eyes as he removed the stopper from the decanter. "Betsy is no traitor. You must know that."
Sir Henry paused. "Of course," he said finally. "But the quicker we find her, or she contacts us, the better." 
Horace handed over the freshly topped up tumbler.
"You've not had any contact from Foxton, have you?" sipped Sir Henry.
"Nothing," said Horace. "I’m rather concerned I haven't."
"Me too," pondered Sir Henry. "A week has gone by and nothing. No one has been acting suspiciously at the cabinet office?"
"Not that I'm aware of." 
Sir Henry’s face contorted with pain as his chest tightened. He stood and looked out onto Regents Park once more.
"You should really get yourself looked at," said Horace.
"What I really want is that notebook to appear on my desk, Mr Chancellor," snapped Sir Henry.
Horace didn't bother to drink the rest of the scotch. He put the tumbler down and made to leave.
"I am sorry," said Sir Henry, his voice shaking with regret.
"For what?"
Sir Henry didn't reply and remained silent as he looked out of his office window. After a few quiet moments, Horace left Britain's Spymaster in peace. 
*
Horace couldn't help but think there was something not quite right with Sir Henry. His passing remark of ‘I am sorry’ just didn't sit right. It wasn't the fact that Sir Henry didn't give him a reason for his apology, but for the fifteen or so years Horace had known him, he had never heard Sir Henry apologise to anyone for anything. That was Sir Henry for you, blunt and straight to the point, even if he was in the wrong.
Sir Henry had always been a slightly overweight man with bright red cheeks (from his love of scotch) and a grin on his face. But within a week after the Le Rene fiasco he seemed to have dramatically lost weight, paleness had set into his face, and the famous grin was replaced with a worried frown.
Horace and his colleagues were always aware of how much pressure Sir Henry and his spy ring were under from the government and the monarchy, but he always laughed it off and would chuckle, 'It'll come good eventually, old boy'. So, what was so different this time? Horace knew that Betsy, and Foxton's notebook would turn up very soon.He would guarantee his own house and career on it.
 The Chancellor of the Exchequer was just about to cross the street away from Regents Park when he saw two police officers bounding towards him. 
"Morning gentleman," said Horace.
"Mr Chancellor," puffed one officer. He was completely out of breath.
The other officer eyed Horace with nervousness. "Where have you just been?"
Horace turned around and pointed towards Grosvenor House. "I've just been to see Sir Henry."
"We need you to come with us, Mr Dawley."
"I'm just about to meet my wife for lunch."
The out of breath officer turned to his colleague and didn't want to give what news they had.
"It's better we do this at the station," said the second officer.
A cold, horrible fear descended over Horace, as his throat became dry and his eyes twitched.
"Is it something to do with my family?" said Horace.
The first officer wouldn’t meet the Chancellor’s eyes.
Once more it was left to his colleague. "Please sir, it's better at the station."
"I demand to know now!" shouted Horace.
The first officer buckled and broke his silence. "It's your daughters, sir."
Horace nearly felt his legs give way. "Are they..." began Horace.
The second officer shook his head. "We need you to come with us. Your wife's waiting for you."
Horace moved away before the officers did. As they were about to disappear around the corner, he caught one last glimpse of Grosvenor House. He saw the silhouette of Sir Henry standing in his office window looking at him, with his crystal tumbler raised to his lips. 

Chapter Seven

Breedlove woke the following morning feeling hungry. Before she even contemplated quashing her desire for food, she desperately needed to wash her body of grime and sweat from the last week. She grimaced at the thought of not bathing for such a long time.
 Breedlove ran a bath. The water was just below tepid and every inch of her body tingled with goose bumps. She couldn't find a flannel or piece if cloth to wash herself, so she made do with her fingers. Once dried, she dressed again in the clothes she acquired yesterday from the woman near the train station. Breedlove knew the woman was a prostitute, and as she checked herself in the oval mirror, Breedlove felt like one too.
"First, something to eat," said Breedlove as she left. "Then, figure out how to get back to London."
Breedlove strode past the reception booth as Salvatore's uncle was leaning on the counter reading a newspaper.
"Someone has left a message for you," he said. 
Breedlove's heart lurched against her chest in anticipation.
He reached underneath his counter and produced a white envelope. "I didn't ask his name, but he was American."
Breedlove took the envelope and instantly saw London scribed in black ink across the front.
"How long ago was this?" Breedlove opened the seal and cast her eyes over the short and sweet instructions.
"Just after you arrived."
Breedlove thanked him and went to leave, but she knew she needed to clarify something.
"That man you were arguing with last night," said Breedlove.
"My nephew," he sighed, as he drew his attention back to the newspaper.
"Salvatore Moretti?"
"That's him, but I have a different name for him."
"That being?"
"L'ingrato Bastard."
Breedlove shook her head and stepped into the early morning rays of Florence. Her first port of call before breakfast was a trip to Bartolomeo Ammanati's, Fountain of Neptune.
*
Out of all the places Breedlove had travelled for both business and pleasure, Florence was the one that she loved most. There was something about the old Italian city that got beneath your skin and made you feel special. With its ancient vibe and stunning architecture, Breedlove doubted there was another city in the world that could match Florence for its grace and beauty. Although she loved being back in Florence, she also detested it. The old city brought back fond memories with Jimmy that made her heart ache.
Breedlove slowly made her way across the Piazza della Signoria, an L shaped square that lay in front of the Palazzo Vecchio, Florence's dramatic and awe inspiring town hall. It had been nearly nine years since Breedlove took the exact same steps across the Piazza. Back then she had been linking arms with Jimmy, enjoying the setting Italian sun on their faces. 
The Piazza was teeming with tourists, and traders selling their wares. Breedlove ignored their pleas of a sale as she desperately wanted to meet the author of her letter. Through the crowd of sightseers, she finally caught sight of Ammanati's marble and bronze 16th century fountain, that stood prize of place in front of the Palazzo Vecchio. 
The author of her letter stood in front of it reading a small brochure. They were totally oblivious as to who was standing in front of them.
"I'm not interested in buying anything," they said, as they carried on reading.
"Who said I'm selling anything."
Raynes looked at her briefly and then carried on reading. It then took him a split moment to realise who she was.
"Bloody hell, Breedlove!" Raynes folded the brochure and placed it in his jacket pocket. "What have you done to your hair?"
"I fancied a change."
"You look like..."
Breedlove grinned and cut in. "A lady of the night."
"Something like that," said Raynes. "Alfredo did say you had changed your appearance, but I didn't think you had gone this far."
"Alfredo?"
Raynes laughed. "Even spies have spies, Breedlove. Even you must know that."
Breedlove cast her stare around the bustling piazza to see if she could spot this Alfredo, or any other of Raynes so-called spies.
"Have you been following me since I left France?"
Raynes shook his head. "I didn't have to follow you, London. I knew exactly where you would come."
Breedlove pretended to marvel at The Fountain of Neptune. "That's strange, since I had no idea where I was going."
Raynes stood with his hands planted firmly in his pocket as he stood shoulder to shoulder with her.
"Yet, here you are," said Raynes. "Which leads me to ask. What the hell went on at Le Rene?"
"Are you hungry?" Breedlove moved away from the fountain and started to bustle her way through the crowded square. 
"I'd prefer if you told me what went wrong," said Raynes.
"Don't worry Carter, I'll tell you everything, but first the girl needs feeding."
*
Breedlove let the silky, black coffee massage her throat as she leaned back in her wicker chair. The parasol she and Raynes had taken refuge under did an unsatisfactory job of blocking the sun. The waiter came and took their food order. Raynes wasn't hungry so he just settled for a glass of cold, lemon water. Breedlove ordered two servings of Eggs Benedict on rustic bread.
"Hungry are we?" sipped Raynes. "Alfredo said that you hadn't moved from your apartment since you booked in."
"Do I get to meet this Alfredo?" 
"I think you know the answer to that, London."
It still riled Breedlove when Raynes called her London. She was half tempted to throw her cup of coffee over him and give him a firm slap across his face, but causing a scene in a public place wasn't going to help her.
"Has anything happened to Horace?" said Breedlove.
"Not that I'm aware of," replied Raynes. "But that doesn't mean there won't be repercussions."
Breedlove's breakfast arrived. As the waiter laid her plate on the table he gave her a long hard look. 
"Grazie," smiled Breedlove.
The waiter stared at her for a few more moments. "Non è un problema, signorina."
Raynes eyed the waiter as he moved away and disappeared back into the cafe.
"He seemed rather interested in you," said Raynes.
"I don't blame him," winked Breedlove as she devoured her breakfast.
"I would have agreed with you a week ago," said Raynes. "But in your current state you’re somewhat unattractive."
Breedlove licked her lips free of egg as she took a mouthful of coffee. "Don't hurt a girl’s feelings, will you Agent Raynes."
Raynes sighed then briefly checked his watch.
"Not keeping you from something, am I?" said Breedlove.
"I have another appointment in ten minutes."
"Another one of your spies?"
"Actually, someone's delivering me a present for my wife."
Breedlove was impressed, if not surprised, that Raynes was married.
"There's a Mrs Raynes, hey."
"For the last nine years." Raynes caught a passing waiters attention and asked for the bill. "You might recognise her if you saw her."
"Why would I?"
"Well, for starters she's six-foot three, has white blonde hair with sky blue eyes and the most perfect white skin you have ever seen, accompanied with a velvety Danish accent."
Breedlove was knocked sideways by another flashback from her wedding day. She vividly saw the woman Raynes was referring to. She was sat near the front of the congregation wearing a simple yellow dress, and hung around her neck was a thick pearl necklace.
"Who’s that?" she had whispered to Jimmy, just as Horace left them alone at the altar. 
Breedlove came back to her senses. "Aida," she said softly.
Raynes nodded. "You remembered, I am impressed. Six months after you wed, so did we. I sent Jimmy and yourself an invite but I never heard back."
"Sorry," said Breedlove, distantly.
Raynes waved her apology away just as the bill came. "It's fine. I know Jimmy was away on a mission at the time."
It still riled Breedlove that Raynes knew so much about her. "How did you know Jimmy, exactly?"
Raynes stood as he tossed several lire notes onto the table. "That's something we'll discuss later maybe, but as we walk to my next appointment, I want to know what the hell went wrong in Paris."
*
The intense atmosphere that had lingered before Foxton told Breedlove that she could call him Edgar had dissipated. Foxton now seemed relaxed in Breedlove's company. She felt rather smug that her plan was going so smoothly. Was this man really as dangerous as he had been made out to be? Did his notebook of secrets really spell disaster if it got into the wrong hands?
"May I ask you a question?" said Breedlove.
"You may."
"How does a soldier become a world respected psychologist?"
Foxton laughed drily as he topped up his flute, and Breedlove held hers forwards to be replenished.
"I've always been interested in the human mind. There's so much more to us than we know. I wanted to be a doctor but my father was of military background. So, my destiny was already set before I was even born."
"You changed your destiny though," sipped Breedlove. 
Foxton disagreed. "Not entirely true, Mrs Breedlove. The Great War changed my destiny, and many other young men's too."
Breedlove had lost two uncles and a cousin in four years the war took place. Even eleven years after the war ended, the void of her families hurt would never be filled.
"I've read your war diary," said Breedlove.
Although he tried not to show it, Foxton's facial muscles twitched with grotesque memories.
"That's where my real fascination with the human mind started."
"It read like hell on earth," said Breedlove, softly.
"Much worse than that," said Foxton, as he gulped a large proportion of his champagne. "I would have gladly swapped three months of hell for the time I spent in Belgium."
Breedlove didn't like it, but she was actually starting to feel sorry for the Professor. The case files she had been shown, about the things he had apparently made happen, gave Breedlove a sickening feeling at the back of her throat.
A rumour was rife that one of his patients, Rex Lumley, an MP for Hastings had a severe drinking and gambling problem. After several sessions with Foxton he was coping well with both addictions. In one of Lumley's sessions, Foxton had left the room to use the bathroom and left his famous notebook on a side table. When he re-entered the room, he found Lumley reading the notebook with intrigue. Two days later, Lumley was found by his three year old grandson, garrotted in his bed.
"My decision to enter into the field of psychoanalysis and become a professor of psychology, came from a seminar I attended in Cornwall, in 1920."
"Was it Freud?" asked Breedlove.
Foxton drank the remainder of the flute and steadily shook his head. "No, his greatest disciple Carl Gustav Jung. I didn't meet the master himself until 1921 at a gala dinner in Vienna."
"You must have been overawed at meeting him."
Foxton screwed up his face in disagreement. "I found Freud quite dry and dull. I didn't enjoy his company. Now Jung on the other hand, he was such a pleasant soul." Foxton stood and tightened the belt around his robe. "You must excuse me. All the champagne has gone straight to my bladder." He moved towards the bathroom as he signalled. "There's another bottle chilling in the cabinet. Help yourself."
When Breedlove heard the lock click on the door, she sprung to her feet. Now, any normal woman would have been stumbling around drunk with the amount of alcohol she had consumed, but thankfully, the only trait she had inherited from her father was an ability to hold her drink.
Breedlove opened up her bag and retrieved a small brown bottle containing a sleeping sedative that was effective within minutes of being consumed. She opened the drinks cabinet and uncorked the champagne, half-filled the two empty flutes, and put two droplets of clear liquid into Foxton's glass. By the time the door lock clicked and Foxton emerged, Breedlove was lounging on the bed, dressed only in her white silk slip. She held her flute close to her lips as Foxton smiled on with delight.
"That was quick," said Foxton. "I've only been gone a few moments. I'm surprised you opened the champagne bottle."
Breedlove tenderly sipped from her flute. "There are a lot of things that I can surprise you with."
"I don't doubt that for a moment." Foxton wandered over to the deep brown, oak wardrobe. He opened the right hand side door and retrieved his prized possession from the top shelf. Clipped to the leather cover was a gold and silver embossed pencil. Foxton clicked the top of the pencil and began to scribble in his book. Breedlove cast her glance quickly at her bag where the decoy notebook lay. 
At least I know where it is, she thought.
Foxton finished scribbling and returned the notebook back to its resting place. 
"Writing down your thoughts?" said Breedlove, as Foxton picked up his flute and came to join her on the edge of the bed.
"If I told you that, I would have to kill you," he said, as he sat down. He drew the flute close to his lips.
Breedlove knew, that even though Foxton was trying to make light of his quip, he meant every single word of it.
*
"I guess the sedative didn't work," said Raynes, as he led her down a cobbled alleyway similar to the one where her hotel was.
"He drank the sedative but it never fully kicked in."
Raynes stopped walking and faced her. His face was full of puzzlement. "What did you give him?"
"A very strong dose of Valerian."
"And it had no affect on him?"
Breedlove sighed as the whole debacle played out in her head.
*
Foxton had wanted to make love to Breedlove. At first she was going to let him but at the last moment she decided this particular mission didn't require it. The aim of the mission wasn't to get close to Foxton, it was to confiscate his notebook. Breedlove made excuses that her lady friend down below was suffering from some ailment that she didn't want to concern Foxton with. At first he was miffed, but they decided on other ways to entertain themselves. Foxton then finished off the last mouthful of his Valerian-laced champagne, and passed out in a heap on the bed.
 When Foxton began to snore, Breedlove took her queue to quietly get out of bed. She slipped on her dress, opened her bag and swapped over the notebooks. She was slowly closing the wardrobe door when someone coughed. Breedlove shot her head around and found Foxton sat on the bed, wide awake, looking at her.
"I thought you might have used something more potent than Valerian," said Foxton. "It leaves a sweet taste in my mouth," He ran his tongue around the inside of his mouth. "I suggest you give me the notebook. Our little game is over with now."
"Game?"
Foxton laughed and stood. "You really thought, one woman and the British government could pull the wool over my eyes?"
"This notebook needs to be destroyed," said Breedlove, as she backed away towards the door that was her only escape.
"I think differently," Foxton rubbed his nose and sniffed. "Viktor!"
The door flung open, and in stormed Korovin, his eyes aflame with hate.
"Give me the notebook, or Viktor here is going to hurt you."
"I can't do that." Breedlove wrapped her fingers tightly around the notebook's leather exterior. "You have hold of too many secrets."
"I suppose I do." Foxton stepped forward and whispered. "I'll let you know one of my secrets for free, but first I want you to give me back what's rightfully mine."
In her mind Breedlove quickly weighed up her options. At some point she was going to have to put into practise all the training her mentor, Su-Lan, had taught her.
"I don't care what's inside," snapped Breedlove. "I'm carrying out the job I've been instructed to do."
Foxton nodded in agreement. "Of course, but what if I told you that something inside that notebook concerns you."
"I doubt that," said Breedlove.
Foxton mockingly stuck out his bottom lip and crossed his arms like a disgruntled child. "You’re not interested in the truth behind your husband’s death?"
Breedlove’s stomach lurched forward and her throat became dry, as her entire body shook with nerves.
"You’re lying."
Foxton shrugged and grinned before he turned away. "Fair enough, Viktor take from her what is rightfully mine."
"Yes, Professor," said Korovin, as he casually moved closer.
*
"Who’s this Su-Lan?" said Raynes. "They don’t sound quintessentially English." He motioned for them to walk up a steep incline of weathered stone steps. Just as they reached the summit, he turned right down a narrow alleyway.
"It's not. It's Japanese," said Breedlove, she was slightly concerned where Raynes was taking her. "Your wife's present is down here?"
"The person who has made it is." Raynes let out a satisfactory smile when he came to the doorway of the building he wanted. "After you escaped, I saw Foxton brooding in the foyer with a nasty gash above his eye. How did you get out of that room alive?"
Breedlove smiled and winked. "I may look like butter wouldn't melt in my mouth, which was kind of true before I met Su-Lan, but then after a year in his hands, I turned into quite the devil."
Raynes knocked on the door and took a step back. "This conversation’s not over with yet," he said. "More to the point, is the notebook safe?"
Breedlove nodded.
"Did you find out who betrayed Jimmy?"
"I've checked it over and over. There's no mention of it."
They both faced the door when its lock was undone.
"Are there really things in that notebook that shouldn't see the light of day."
Breedlove was about to reply, when the maker of Mrs Raynes gift stood before them.
"Carter!" the man smiled, as both men embraced one another.
"Salvie, you know my friend," said Raynes, as he pointed at Betsy.
Breedlove outstretched her hand. "Pleased to meet you Mr Moretti, I'm a great admirer of your work. Unfortunately, I don't believe we've ever met."
Salvatore Moretti stood to one side and gestured for his guests to pass.
"I'll explain more when we're inside," said Raynes, as he entered.

Chapter Eight

The police officers wouldn't tell Horace any further details about his daughters until they got to the police station. Horace's forehead bulged with stress and anxiety as they sped towards New Scotland Yard to meet Margo.
He couldn't help but think that what was happening had something to do with Betsy. Everything that usually went wrong in his life always led straight back to his younger sister.
The officers screeched down Great Scotland Yard and arrowed themselves towards the rear entrance of the police headquarters. 
"Have you personally spoken to, or seen my wife?" said Horace.
"No sir. We were dispatched to come and get you," one of the officers said.
As soon as the car came to a standstill, Horace bolted out of it and ran into the building. His heart raced against his chest and sweat formed in the palms of his hands as he hurtled across the reception hall.
"Where's my wife?" Horace shouted at the desk clerk.
"She's with Chief Inspector Halliday, sir."
Horace wasn't in control of his legs as he pounded up the spiral staircase to the second floor. All he could think about was his beautiful daughters. Several uniformed officers bade him good morning but Horace didn't hear them. He shamefully barged past two ladies, and didn't stop to apologise as one of the ladies nearly fell to the floor. 
Horace ran the tips of his fingers across his warm moist palms as he came to Halliday's office. He took a deep breath, briefly closed his eyes and then entered. He found Margo sat teary-eyed in a chair opposite Halliday's desk. The Chief Inspector, who Horace had great respect for, lay back in his chair and rested his gaze upon him. Normally, Halliday's facial expressions never gave away what he was feeling, but Horace noticed that his eyes were filled with sympathy for the Dawleys.
"Mr Chancellor." Halliday rose, and both men exchanged firm handshakes.
Horace immediately placed himself next to Margo and held her hands.
"Your palms are sweaty," said Margo.
"Sorry," replied Horace, as he wiped his hands on his trousers. "Where are the girls?"
Margo opened her mouth to speak but nothing came out as fresh tears filled her eyes.
"It seems someone has taken them," said Halliday.
"Taken them?" Horace shook his head baffled. "Who has?"
"If we knew that, Mr Chancellor, then we would have caught them."
"Who would want to take our children?"
"I was hoping you could tell us," said Halliday. "We've not let it go public yet, but we have spread the word among all stations across the city about the girls disappearance."
Horace turned to his wife. "When did this happen? I only left over an hour ago."
Margo sniffed and dabbed her eyes with a hankerchief. "I think it was just after you left. I was in the summer room tending to the plants, when I realised I hadn't heard the girls for a while."
Horace tried to think of what was going on in the Dawley residence as he left for his meeting with Sir Henry.
"They were in the library playing chess." He remembered leaving his children bickering with one another.
Margo agreed. "I hadn't heard Anna moaning that Edwina was cheating for a while. So I went into the library and found it empty. The chess board pieces were all lined up ready to play."
Horace rubbed his forehead. "None of the house staff saw anything?"
Margo shook her head. "Daisy thought she had seen a man in the gardens last night as she cleaned the linen."
Halliday stood and began to pace the room. "We've talked to Daisy and got some kind of description."
"She must have been mistaken," said Horace. "You can only get into the gardens by entering the house."
"Margo has informed us of that," said Halliday. "But Daisy is quite adamant of what she saw."
"Then why didn't she tell us?"
Margo blew her nose and used the back of her hand to wipe fresh tears from her eyes.
"Because the gentleman told her he was a guest and that he was just taking a late night stroll."
"But we didn't have any guests over last night," said Horace.
"Again, we are aware of that," added Halliday. "The man Daisy saw was a well-built man with a shaven head. She's adamant he wasn't English and that he spoke with a thick foreign accent."
Horace tried not to show his reaction as he had a good idea who the man was. 
"Do you know this man?" asked Halliday. Horace slowly shook his head. "I believe you were out of the country a week ago."
"Yes, I attended a lecture in Paris," said Horace. 
Halliday sat on the edge of his desk and folded his arms. Horace felt like he was on trial and he didn't like the way Halliday's eyes rested on him.
"That would be Professor Edgar Foxton?"
"Yes, it was," sighed Horace. "What's this got to do with our daughters?"
Halliday smiled. "Did the lecture go smoothly?"
"It was enjoyable."
Halliday nodded, but he let his eyes drift away from Horace as his mind ticked away. A few moments of silence passed before Halliday uncrossed his arms and stood up.
"We will try our best to locate your daughters, Mr Chancellor, but if there's anything that you may remember that could help us, then please contact us."
Horace said that of course he would. Margo thanked Halliday for all his help, and as they were about to leave a constable knocked at the door and entered.
"Can I have a word, sir?" The constable gave Horace a darting look and Halliday was intrigued by it. He asked if the Dawleys would mind just staying a few more minutes.
"Do you know that police officer?" said Margo as Halliday left.
"Don't believe I do."
"He gave you the blackest of looks."
"I saw." Horace wondered what he could have possibly done to offend the man.
Halliday returned with a perturbed look upon his face and sat back down behind his desk.
"Everything ok, Chief Inspector?" asked Horace.
"You had a meeting with Sir Henry Goldwyn this morning?"
"He requested the meeting. But to say we discussed anything is an understatement."
Halliday went from looking perturbed to perplexed. "I'm not following."
"We briefly discussed a matter of national importance, and that was it." Horace wasn't going to give Halliday any specifics. "But I don't know why he wanted to see me, as we could have discussed matters over the phone."
"Was Sir Henry in a good frame of mind when you left him?"
Horace and Margo exchanged glances. "He seemed ok." Horace felt guilty for that little lie. "Has something happened?"
"Would you mind leaving us for a minute, Mrs Dawley," said Halliday.
"Margo and Sir Henry were good friends. You can tell her what you are going to tell me," replied Horace.
Halliday let out a heavy breath. "Very well, Sir Henry has been found murdered in his office."
"Impossible," snapped Horace," I only left him twenty minutes ago."
"That's our problem, Mr Chancellor," said Halliday. "You're the last person to see him alive."
"You don't think..." began Horace. "I had anything to do with it."
"We need to have a proper chat, Mr Chancellor."
Margo began to well up and collapsed back into her chair. "Oh, Horace."
"Inspector Halliday, I had no hand in Sir Henry's death." Horace took a step forward and Halliday raised his hand and told him to take a step back.
"By what means did Sir Henry meet his maker?" wept Margo.
"He was strangled by a piece of thin wire," said Halliday.
Horace felt his world come crashing down around him. In his mind he remembered the conversation with Betsy about Rex Lumley.
"He was garrotted," Horace whispered. 
Halliday gave a simple nod of his head. "I've arranged for a car to take you back home, Mrs Dawley. This whole matter will be resolved, and your husband will be joining you before you know it."
Horace was numb and overridden with speechlessness. Margo was soon escorted out of Halliday's office by the same two policemen who had bought Horace from Regents Park.
"Now, Mr Chancellor," said Halliday. "Tell me everything you know." 
   

Chapter Nine

Salvatore poured his guests two china cups of green tea. Breedlove wasn't much of a tea drinker but she thought it polite to accept her hosts offer.
"It's a nice apartment you have, Signor Moretti," sipped Breedlove.
"Please call me Salvatore," he said. "It's only a temporary residence until my house is renovated."
"Maybe I could swing by and check it out when it's completed," teased Breedlove.
Raynes coughed at Breedlove's remark and she winked back.
"How long do you plan to stay in Florence?" asked Salvatore.
"Not too long," said Breedlove. "I just need to make some travel arrangements with my employer and then I should be off." Breedlove imagined an irate looking Sir Henry hurriedly making phone calls to certain contacts to get her back to safety.
"Have you been here before?" sipped Salvatore.
Breedlove pressed her lips against the china mug and gave a slow nod of the head. "Once or twice, but before we converse further, I would like to know how you know me?"
Salvatore looked at Raynes who gave him the go ahead to explain his part in Breedlove's mission.
"I was given the task of getting you to Florence without any harm coming to you," said Salvatore. "I was in Geneva when Carter requested a favour from me."
"I wasn't in Geneva very long," replied Breedlove.
"Long enough," said Raynes. "You came close several times to being bumped off by Foxton's associates."
Breedlove lay down her cup and made herself comfortable on the soft, deep purple couch. "I can assure you, Agent Carter, that I was never in any danger. I made sure I wasn't followed."
Salvatore shook his head emphatically. "There was one gentleman in Geneva and two in Milan that were hot on your tail, Mrs Breedlove."
Breedlove hadn’t been referred to as Mrs for a very long time and it felt awkward. Salvatore noted Breedlove's response and carried on.
"Carter assured me that you were heading for Florence. So I set my plan in motion for you to reside at my uncle’s hotel."
"I wouldn't use the term hotel exactly," said Breedlove. She then thought of how she knew about  the hotel in the first place. "The barber told me of your uncle’s hotel."
Salvatore agreed, with a glint in his eye, as he finished off his tea. "That's my cousin, Roberto."
It soon became clear in Breedlove's mind why the barber would have a picture of Salvatore in his shop.
"So, now I'm clear that you're my apparent guardian angel, what else does Agent Raynes want with you?"
"Nothing," said Raynes. "You're my responsibility now."
Raynes lifted the cup to his lips just as the window behind him suddenly shattered. Salvatore let out a startled screech as he jolted out of his chair. Breedlove was sat opposite Raynes in a frozen state. His surprised gaze fixed on to her, as blood gently oozed out of his mouth. 
Breedlove's eyes then darted above Raynes’s head where she saw a man standing upon the roof top with a rifle in his hand. He began to raise the rifle once more and wrap his finger around the trigger.
"We need to run," said Breedlove, as Raynes lifeless body slumped to the floor.
"What about Carter?" panicked Salvatore.
"I'm sorry about your friend, but we need to get out of the apartment. Now!" 
The rifle went off and a bullet struck the wall just inches away from Salvatore's face. He let out another screech and made for a different door than the one his guests came in. Breedlove took to her feet, put her arm across her face and ran after Salvatore, as bullet after bullet rained upon the apartment.
*
Breedlove tried to keep a look out behind them and at the same time look at where she was running. The alleyway she found herself in looked exactly the same as the one she had walked down with Raynes moments ago.
"Is this the same alleyway that leads back into the heart of the town?" asked Breedlove.
"No, this leads away from it," panted Salvatore. He stopped dead in his tracks as he came to a section of alleyway that branched off into three separate paths. Each was encased in an arched tunnel that ran for about a hundred yards.
"This is a joke, right?" warned Breedlove as she stood with her back to him. She could hear voices and a clattering of footsteps heading in their direction.
"I think it's the middle one," said Salvatore as he took to his feet with great speed.
"I hope you’re right."
Breedlove was yards away from emerging out of the tunnel, when a man stepped out of a side street and grabbed hold of Salvatore by the scruff of his neck. 
The man was tall and skinny with rusty blonde hair. One of his eyes was glazed over with murkiness.
"Give me the notebook," he growled in his thick Russian accent. "No one else needs to die."
Breedlove relished another chance of a fight with a Foxton henchman. Korovin had left Le Rene with a broken nose, and Foxton himself a bloodied eye. But this henchman in front of her wasn't the same one from the roof top.  
"I don't have the notebook on me," said Breedlove. A look of impending doom spread across Salvatore's face. Breedlove gave him a sly wink to reassure him. "I think I've misplaced it," she shrugged.
Just then the two other men emerged from the tunnel, out of breath. One of them was the shooter from the roof.
"Don't play games with me, lady," the tall man grunted as he withdrew a pistol from inside his coat. "Notebook, or you die. It's that simple."
The two other henchmen stepped forward and Betsy hissed at them to stay back. "I wouldn't take another step, boys. The person who’s looking after the notebook knows what to do with it if I die." Breedlove made a burning sign with her hands.
"Then take us to your friend," growled the tall man.
Breedlove rolled her eyes and tutted. "Since you asked nicely."
"What are you doing?" whispered Salvatore.
"Planning our escape."
The shooter from the roof and the other henchman went to grab hold of her. As their bulky Russian finger tips touched her clothing, Breedlove sprang into action. Salvatore's jaw hung ajar as she demonstrated the skills Su-Lan had taught her.  
Breedlove, in a blink of eye, and with such speed and force, held the shooter by his left arm, twisted it quickly and Salvatore winced as a bone snapped. She pushed the shooter to the floor as the other henchman’s hands glided towards her throat. Breedlove’s instinct knew what was going to happen next. 
She clung herself tightly to the henchman's chest and spun him around, just as two single pistol shots rang out. The henchman went limp, then gradually slumped lifeless to the floor.  Breedlove saw the mystified look on the tall man’s face as he held the pistol aloft and smoke gently billowed from the barrel. The injured shooter rolled around the ground wailing for a few moments whilst Breedlove and the tall man gazed at one another in utter silence. 
Salvatore took this opportunity with his full grasp and sneakily back kicked the tall man in his groin. The tall man howled and collapsed to his knees. Salvatore quickly took the pistol from his grasp and pointed it at him.
"You took your time," said Breedlove. "I was wondering when you were going to play out your part."
"My part?!" The pistol shook in Salvatore's hand as the tall man glared at him.
"Come on, we need to disappear." Breedlove tugged at Salvatore's coat and led him away.
"What about them?" he pointed at the dead and injured Russians. 
Breedlove didn't reply. She knew they hadn't seen the last of them, or of Foxton's other men. She also knew that they needed to leave Florence, quickly.
"You can't run forever!" the tall man shouted as Breedlove and Salvatore disappeared out of sight. 


Chapter Ten

The hallway clock struck 11 o'clock, as a dishevelled Horace closed the door and hung up his coat. The house was cast in near darkness, and the only glimpse of light he saw was escaping from the not fully closed door of the study. He gently pushed open the door and his heart sunk when he saw Margo sitting on the couch with an unexpected visitor. 
Margo looked visibly scared, as her entire body was rigid. The little make-up she wore was smeared down her face through the tears. Horace wanted to tear the visitor limb from limb for the pain he had caused so far.
"Please join us, Mr Chancellor," said Foxton, as he pointed to a chair opposite.
"Where are my daughters?" 
"I don't know what you’re talking about," said Foxton. "What could I possibly want with two little girls?"
"I've told Chief Inspector Halliday all about you."
Foxton pursed his lips together and shrugged. "Is that meant to concern me?"
"It will, when the police storm in here and arrest you."
"On what grounds?" Foxton stood. "Have you any evidence that I took your children?"
"One of my maids saw Viktor Korovin in the garden."
"I have over thirty people who can account for Viktor's whereabouts on the night in question."
Horace knew Foxton's power and influence was great and far, and those thirty people would have been persuaded by any means to corroborate Viktor Korovin's alibi. 
"If you don't have my daughters," said Horace, as sweat formed in the palm of his hands. "What are you doing here?"
Margo had finally had enough and snapped. "He wants Betsy! Just tell him and then he can go!"
Horace didn't like to see his beloved in the state she was. "I don't know where she is."
Foxton moved forwards across the room towards Horace and his grey eyes were aflame with rage. "Think very carefully of your next words, Mr Chancellor. Where is your sister?"
Horace shot a look at Margo, who simply bowed her head in shame.
"I must admit, I thought she was your bit of rough," said Foxton as he stood nose to nose with Horace. "But your sister! Never did I think that. Same mother, or father?"
Horace tried to swallow some moisture that had built up in his mouth, but his throat was coarse and tight. "That's no business of yours."
Foxton slowly ran the tips of his thin fingers across Horace's shirted chest and then moved them up and down his stubbly face. "On one hand, that's true,” said Foxton. "But on the other..."
 Margo yelped in surprise as Foxton violently struck Horace across the face with the back of his ring-clad hand. Horace stumbled to the floor and cried out in pain as Foxton thrashed his boot at his face. He heard Margo wail as his face lit up with fire and his mouth filled with blood. 
"You have two days to deliver what's rightfully mine," said Foxton, as he ceased kicking. "I also want your sister." 
Horace held his hand to his mouth in an attempt to stem the bleeding. His eyes brimmed with warm tears, and his entirety trembled with nerves. "I have no idea where Betsy is."  
Foxton made to leave the study and came to rest in the doorway.
"You have two days, Mr Chancellor," warned Foxton, as he threw Horace his business card. "Contact me when you have news for me. Don't dilly dally or there will be consequences."
Horace got to his feet. "You said you didn't have my daughters." 
"Just do what's asked of you and we all can move on," glowered Foxton as he left.
Horace stumbled to the couch and sat next to Margo with his hand still clung to his burning jaw. Margo moved away from him and sniffed as she wiped her eyes dry.
"Betsy has gone too far this time," said Margo. "I want my children back."
"I don't know where she is," pleaded Horace.
Margo rushed to her feet and jabbed her finger at him. "Then find her! Just find her!" She wept as she hurtled out of the room.  
Horace removed his hand from his face and ran his tongue around the inside of his mouth. He was relieved to find the bleeding had stopped, but he sighed as he found his crisp white shirt smeared with blood.


Chapter Eleven

Salvatore's stomach had tightened with uncertainty when Breedlove enquired how much money he had on him. He replied he had little on him but he could withdraw some from his bank which was the other side of Florence. 
"How much do you require, señorita?"
Breedlove, breathless from running, dragged Salvatore into an alcove of a bakery shop. The aroma of freshly baked bread toyed with her hungry belly.
"Not me," panted Breedlove. "This concerns us. We need to leave Florence."
Salvatore held up his hands in protest. "No,no,no! I did what Carter asked of me. My job here is done."
"Don't be naive," grumbled Breedlove. "Foxton will want you dead just as much as me now. Until he gets hold of the notebook, we have the upper hand."
Salvatore stood defiantly with hands on his hips. "Where is the notebook?"
Breedlove popped her head around the alcove to look for potential threats. "The less you know, the better."
"But it’s safe?"
"Very much so." 
Salvatore was about to ask her if they should grab a bite to eat, when Breedlove grabbed hold of his hand and hurriedly led him on a merry dance once again.
"This isn't the way to my bank," said Salvatore.
"Before we go there, I need to speak to someone."
*
Breedlove had never warmed to Mrs Harris, Sir Henry's secretary. She was a staunch and daunting figure, who even gave well-seasoned spies the chills. With her thin face, large protruding nose and judgemental pin-hole eyes, she reminded Breedlove of her own unloving step-mother. 
"Can I speak with Sir Henry, please," said Breedlove in a put-on Yorkshire accent.
"Who is this?" replied Mrs Harris.
Breedlove was taken aback, Mrs Harris didn't reply with such venom as she normally did. There seemed to be a tinge of sadness in her voice. It had trembled slightly when she had replied. Breedlove had doubted that Mrs Harris even knew what sadness was.
"It's his niece." That was Breedlove's secret code whenever she rang Sir Henry's office.
"I'll transfer you to another line."
There was a click as the line went silent. Breedlove took a sharp glance at Salvatore who was itching to use the men's room.
"Everything ok?" winced Salvatore.
Breedlove shrugged as the line clicked again. She remained silent as Mrs Harris spoke. Salvatore's need for the toilet eased as he saw the growing look of uneasiness on Breedlove’s face. 
"How long ago was this?" said Breedlove, softly. "I see. Thank you, Mrs Harris."
Breedlove finished the call and collected her thoughts. 
"I gather something's wrong," said Salvatore.
"Sir Henry's been murdered, and my two nieces have been kidnapped."
"Foxton?"
"Sir Henry, definitely," replied Breedlove. "But my nieces are a different matter."
"Are you going to call your brother?"
Breedlove looked out of the phone booth and across the busy hotel foyer. Her eyes scoured the sea of people to see if they were being watched.
"Not yet. Let’s get some funds, leave Florence, and then I'll talk to Hors."
Salvatore hurriedly tried to keep up with a marching Breedlove. "I don't understand what you mean by your nieces are a different matter regarding Foxton."
"All is not what it seems," said Breedlove as they exited the hotel.
*
Salvatore withdrew nearly all of his money from his account. His bank manager was alarmed that his best client was possibly taking his business elsewhere. Salvatore nervously reassured him that he was doing no such thing. He was purchasing a new motor car, and unfortunately it was located in Milan. The bank manager half-heartedly took Salvatore's explanation as he handed over the cash. As he and Breedlove left the bank, the manager curiously set his gaze upon her. There was something dangerous about that woman. It was the way she smiled at him as he counted the money. He prayed that Salvatore hadn't fallen for some harlot who was going to bleed him dry, because that wasn't just bad for Salvatore, but it was bad for the bank. The manager hoped that Salvatore came to his senses and ended whatever dalliance he was having with this devil woman. He earned a tidy commission from Salvatore's money, and he desperately hoped this woman wasn't going to kill the golden goose.
"I don't think your friend liked me," said Breedlove.
"He doesn't like anybody that spends his money."
"It's your money."
Salvatore decided to use Breedlove's own words against her. "All is not what it seems."
Breedlove rolled her eyes and sighed. "The train station’s this way, isn't it?"
"Yes, where are we going?"
"Rome."
"ROME!"
Breedlove grabbed Salvatore's hand and led him away, as several onlookers gave them black looks.
"Don't tell the whole world," snapped Breedlove. "Well, it's just outside of Rome. A place called Torre Paterno."
Salvatore stopped dead in his tracks and folded his arms in protest. "I go nowhere until you tell me, why Rome?"
Breedlove seethed as she gritted her teeth. "It's somewhere to lie low until Hors can get me back to London. There's a place I know in Paterno where we can stay."
Salvatore screwed up his face with displeasure. "Why have I got to come, and give you my money?"
"Relax," beamed Breedlove. "You could do with a holiday."
Salvatore was about to protest further, when Breedlove hooked her arm through his and led him away at a leisurely pace towards the railway station.


Chapter Twelve


The swelling in Horace's face had now fully ballooned. His eyes were puffed and bruised and his bottom lip was cut and sore. He shifted his way through much of his paper work and felt guilty for doing so. He knew he should be trying to find Betsy so he could get his daughters back. But Foxton said he didn't have them. Was he lying and just playing games? The aching force at the centre of his head led him to desperately believe that he was.  
Then there was Margo. She had locked herself away in her private study room and refused Horace entry. He pleaded with her to let him in. He assured her that he had all the people he knew trying to find Betsy, and for a change he wasn't lying. With the grim death of Sir Henry sending shock waves through the establishment, certain people wanted answers. Everyone was connecting what happened in Paris back to Sir Henry's demise. The finger was slowly being pointed at Betsy.
  Horace ran his fingers through his hair as he leaned back in his chair and sighed. He wanted this whole debacle over with. When he got his daughters back, he was adamant that he was going to leave office and relocate to the Highlands of Scotland, where he would be out of arms reach of Betsy and her exploits. But before that, he had to find her.
A slight knock came at his study door before it slowly swung open.
"There's someone asking for you," said the maid.
"Tell them I'm busy,” snapped Horace.
"It's regarding your sister," the maid said puzzled. She never knew her employer had a sibling. 
Horace shot up. "Are they waiting in the hallway?"
The maid shook her head and made a telephone gesture. Horace took to his feet, and with such speed, that he nearly knocked the maid off hers as he rushed past her. He bombed down the stairs like a herd of elephants, and shot towards the library where the telephone waited for him.
"Hello, Betsy?" he said breathless.
"No signor."
"Who is this?" said Horace impatiently.
"My name is Salvatore Moretti. I'm in company with your sister."
Horace thought he recognised the name but he couldn't fathom from where. "Can I speak to her?"
"She's currently engaged trying to sort out our transport." 
Horace heard shouting voices and locomotive noises in the background. "May I ask where you are?" 
Salvatore went quiet.
"Hello, Mr Moretti, are you still there?"
A locomotive whistled down the line and Horace tore the receiver from his ear. After a few moments he asked again if Salvatore was still there.
"Sorry about that signor, I thought we had trouble."
Horace asked what kind of trouble and Salvatore quickly told him about the death of Agent Carter Raynes, a dear close friend of his. Horace winced as he could already hear the screaming fury of the American Foreign Secretary as to why one of his men had perished. 
"I really need to speak to Betsy."
"The place of your first kiss and your mothers downfall. Goodbye, Signor Dawley."
Horace was briefly speechless at the bizarre riddle, and as he went to reply the line went dead. He lowered the receiver as his mind spun. He had two possible locations for his first kiss, but it wasn't with the same girl. The reference to his mother brought a pang of sadness. Even though she died nearly twenty years ago, it was still hard to comprehend that she was no longer around. But her downfall? His mother had many issues and problems, but which was her downfall would take some wondering. What game was Betsy playing now? Why couldn't she or this Salvatore just tell him where they were?
Horace perched himself down on the green leather Chesterfield couch ( a wedding present from his great Uncle Nathaniel). A lightning bolt of realisation shot across his mind, as Uncle Nathaniel's present slotted all the pieces together. Betsy's riddle must have been referring to a place that they had visited together when they were children. It was the only holiday they had ever taken together with their father, and it happened to be a villa on the coast just a few miles from Rome. The villa was called Evelyn's Rest, and it was owned by their father’s uncle, Sir Nathaniel Morris-Dawley.
 It was late in the summer of 1909 when they arrived at Evelyn's Rest. The holiday was intended for Betsy to build a better relationship with Horace's mother, Violet. The first two days went well, that being that Betsy and Violet kept out of each other’s way as Betsy had spent most of her time at the beach with several new-found friends. One of them was a girl called Astra who was smitten with Horace, and they shared a kiss underneath a beach hut one night. Horace swore they were alone, yet all these years later, it appears they were not. 
The second part of Betsy's riddle was to do with his mother’s downfall. Horace rubbed his stubbly chin as his mind-cogs turned. Nothing jumped out at him of what her downfall was. The holiday had gone smoothly and his mother and Betsy had been civil to one another. Obviously Betsy knew something he didn't, but the main thing was, he knew where she was going to be. Horace dipped his hand inside his trouser pocket and took out Foxton's card. He ran his finger over the gold embossed writing and wondered if his next actions were in everyone’s best interests.    


Chapter Thirteen

Breedlove yawned as she stretched her arms above her head, and the blanket that kept her warm slipped to the floor.
"How long have I been out?" she said as she looked out of the carriage window and saw the Italian countryside rolling by.
"Two hours." Salvatore was reading a broadsheet and didn't bother to lower it to look at her. "There's a cooling pot of coffee if you wish to have a drink."
Breedlove felt parched and poured herself a strong black coffee.
"Can I ask how a well-known fashion designer gets caught up with an American spy?" 
Salvatore lowered the broadsheet. "May I ask how a signora from an aristocratic upbringing becomes a spy?"
Breedlove sipped the lukewarm coffee. "I fell in love, Mr Moretti, and then that love was taken from me."
Salvatore folded the paper and finished off his last remaining mouthful of coffee. "The death of your husband? They never found his body?"
"No." Breedlove was surprised that Salvatore knew such detail.
"Carter told me everything about you."
"Did he now?" Breedlove found the coffee too strong and pushed it to one side. 
A passing waiter asked if he could get them anything. Salvatore asked for a chicken salad sandwich and Breedlove said she would have the same, along with some lemon water.
 Breedlove remained silent as she looked out of the window. The sun was setting beyond the hills and the sky above was tinted with pinks and reds. Her memory was cast back twenty years when she took the same train journey with Horace, her father, and the witch of a step-mother. Her father had seemed distant and lost in his thoughts during those two weeks. It was only after they arrived back in England that her father’s reasons for being so were revealed. Violet had stayed out of Breedlove's way so that wasn't a contesting issue. The rest of the holiday was just her, Horace and the gang of local children. Apart from her wedding day, those two weeks in Torre Paterno were the happiest of her life.
"What are you going to do when your brother turns up?" asked Salvatore as their food arrived. 
"Hopefully, go back to England." Breedlove picked up a slice of triangular bread and devoured it.
"Such manners," quipped Salvatore. "It's going to be that simple?"
Breedlove shook her head as she ate another slice. "I don't do simple."
"I can't see how you’re going to deal with Foxton. He won't allow you back into England without his notebook."
"I'll cross that bridge when I come to it."
Salvatore was astounded at Breedlove's lack of planning. "Why do I have to come for the ride? I have a business to run and clients to attend to. I need to be back in Florence!"
Breedlove dabbed her mouth with a napkin and then slowly waved her hand downwards. "Calm down. I'm only asking for a few days of your time." 
"I should have never agreed to do this for Carter in the first place."
"But you did," said Breedlove. "Can I ask why you did?"
"I was returning a favour," huffed Salvatore. "And before you enquire, I don't wish to divulge what the favour was."
"Fair enough," shrugged Breedlove. "Since we're going to spending time with one another we might as well get on."
"I tend to nearly get myself killed when I'm in your company."
Breedlove grinned. "That's a price you have to pay."
"Did your husband pay that price?"
As soon as he said it he regretted it. The grin vanished from Breedlove's face as she rose up and made her excuses to use the bathroom.
"I'm sorry," said Salvatore. "I didn't mean to offend you."
"Maybe you don't have to stay with me after all. I think I can look after myself until Horace arrives."
Salvatore went to protest, but Breedlove didn't stick around to hear it. She barged past his seat and quickly stormed down the carriage.
*
Viktor Korovin lay in wait, in a concealed entrance off Great Scotland Yard, for Chief Inspector Halliday to emerge from his days work. Just as he had been told, the inspector’s car pulled up at twenty past five to pick him up. Halliday greeted the driver with a courteous wave and brief hello as he hopped in the back.  Korovin lifted up the collar of his coat, pulled down his hat to mask his face, and launched into a sprint across the road. The grey menacing sky above had long since decided to empty it's bowels on the streets of London below, and it showed no sign of relenting. Puddles of rain exploded around Korovin as he pelted towards Halliday's car. Korovin removed the pistol from his coat pocket, and before the driver could pull away he squeezed the trigger twice. The first bullet shattered the window and the driver slumped forward. The second bullet struck him cleanly in his temple casting blood across the door and dashboard.
"My God, man!" shouted Halliday as Korovin threw open his door. Halliday raised his hands in surrender. "What are you doing?"
"Professor Foxton sends his deepest regrets," croaked Korovin.
Halliday let his hands drop slightly as his mouth was in the process of forming a response. Korovin had no time or pleasure in hearing it. He shot Halliday three times in the chest. As he made his escape, he tossed a brown leather wallet on the ground. When he was two streets away, he jumped into a perfectly positioned car that sped him away from the capital. 
*
Horace's elation was short lived. After the telephone conversation with Salvatore he had gone straight to Margo's room. Speaking through the door, he happily told her that he had found Betsy. After a few long moments the lock clicked and the door opened to reveal a red eyed Margo with her make-up running down her cheeks. They both hurried, hand in hand, back to the study to tell Professor Foxton the good news.
"Have you spoken to her?" said Foxton, his tone ice cold.
"Not directly," replied Horace.
"Then how do you know this Mr Moretti is telling the truth?"
"I just do!" Margo winced at Horace's raised voice. "Sorry about that."
"The notebook is safe?"
Horace didn't know for sure but he prayed to God it was. "It's on her person."
"Excellent." Horace could imagine Foxton relaxing into his chair smoking one of his cigars. "I can be there in two days. I'll make the necessary arrangements to keep her safe. Thank you for your help."
"Whoa," urged Horace. "What about my daughters?"
"I told you I didn't have your daughters," growled Foxton. "I must admit, I toyed with the idea at first but it looks like someone got there before me."
Horace turned to face Margo, whose pain-stricken eyes searched him for answers.
"But you said there would be consequences?"
"Yes, I did," said Foxton. "But I was referring to career consequences."
"You nearly ruined my life when I was arrested on suspicion of killing Sir Henry, which I know you were behind."
Foxton sighed with desperation. "But you’re still talking to me, so I guess Chief Inspector Halliday believes you are innocent."
"He's a decent man, and I told him what kind of monster you are."
"I wasn't a monster the last time I looked," laughed Foxton. "But on the topic of Mr Halliday. I don't know if you've been informed, but he and his driver were gunned down earlier."
A heavy knocking came at the Dawley's front door.
"He's dead?" said Horace.
Foxton took a dramatic intake of breath. "I'm afraid so, but the good news is that the perpetrator dropped his much-cherished leather wallet at the scene of the crime.”
Horace delved his hand into his trouser pocket and found his brown leather wallet, that had his initials of H.D on it, wasn’t there.
"You bastard!" said Horace.
"Good day to you, Mr Chancellor."
Shouting and protesting came from outside the study before the door flew open and in stormed four police officers.
"Horace, what's happening?" said a highly distressed Margo.
Horace was lost for words as an officer tore the receiver from his hand and arrested him for the murder of Sir Henry Goldwyn, Chief Inspector Richard Halliday and his driver John Spinks.
 Horace was led out of his house protesting his innocence. Margo had to be restrained for wanting to ask Horace where their daughters were. As quickly as the officers had barged their way into the Dawley residence, they were gone. 
Margo collapsed on the top step of the doorway in floods of tears. She didn't think a person was capable of crying as much as she had recently. The house staff didn't know what to do, so they left her alone. They would give her five minutes, and then return with something to ease her nerves. 
Margo's head was in her hands when she suddenly heard a bicycle bell ring. She raised her head and saw a young boy peddling his heart out up the gravel drive. 
"Is the man of the house in?" he said in a thick London accent.
"He's away on business," said Margo. "What's a boy want with my husband?"
"I've got a letter for him," said the boy. "But I've been informed that it’s for his eyes only."
Margo got to her feet. "By who?"
"Some well-off bird," shrugged the boy. "She paid me handsomely to deliver it to him."
"Well, my husband’s going to be away for some time." Margo held out her hand but the boy refused to give her the letter. "Do you know who I am?"
The boy shook his head and didn't seem particularly bothered who the wet-eyed woman was.
"My husband is the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and he's quite friendly with the king."
"And?" scoffed the boy.
"The king has told me that if little boys don't do as I ask, he will throw them into the Tower of London for a very long time."
The boy didn't know whether the woman was mad or telling the truth, but he decided he didn't care to find out one way or another.
"Here." The boy held out the letter, and as soon as Margo took it he rode away. He shouted some expletives at her but she was too busy opening the letter to notice.
Margo was taken by surprise at the intricate writing of the letter, and as her eyes scoured over the writing her jaw hung ajar at its every word.

Dear Mr Dawley,
We have met previously, before my life hurtled out of control and I was forced to leave my beloved home. In the good times of my life, I once was a guest at many dinner parties that you and your graceful wife hosted. But enough of the past and let's deal with the present. I was given a task a few days ago of securing the lives of your daughters. There was believed to be a risk upon them due to a matter of national security that you have been involved with. Even though I am no longer an inhabitant of my beautiful country, I will still strive to protect her and her people.  I was approached by a young woman called Elizabeth Breedlove, who works for our government, with the task of basically kidnapping your children from your home. I had to acquire the skills and bravery of a dear friend of mine to make this task happen, and thank The Lord, it went well.  As I'm not allowed in London, your children are currently residing with me at Le Rene Hotel in Paris. They are well fed and nourished, and can't wait to meet their parents again. I'm so sorry for any distress that has been caused, and I look forward to seeing you.
Kind Regards,
Lady Beatrice Hugh-Blakey

Margo shot up from the step and the first thing she wanted to do was hug Horace, but then the sudden impact of the fact that he was going to rot in prison for a very long time, or be hung, dawned upon her. She knew in her hearts of hearts that he had nothing to do with those murders. She would get word to him that the girls were safe. She would travel to Paris, and then figure a way of getting him out of this sorry mess. Everything that had happened, once again, traced its way back to her sister-in-law. As Margo walked back inside, she swore she was going to throttle Betsy when she got her hands on her. 

Chapter Fourteen

Salvatore continued to apologise profusely for his lack of respect about the death of Jimmy Breedlove. Breedlove herself had become tired of his voice and told him it was fine, let it go and move on. He could catch the next train back to Florence when they arrived in Rome, but Salvatore assured her he would stay until Horace came to get her.
"What are your plans when this is all over?" said Salvatore as they disembarked the train.
"Retire to the countryside."
"Anywhere in particular?"
Breedlove gave a slow twist of the head. She had a feeling that after Horace came to get her at Evelyn's Rest, her future wouldn’t entirely be her choice.
"If we catch a bus soon, we can be in Torre Paterno by dusk."
"Who lives at this Evelyn's Rest?"
Breedlove directed them to the ticketing booth. "My father does." 
*
Salvatore handed over the cash for the bus ride. Breedlove told him to get himself a return ticket but he refused. He had friends not far away from the village where they would be staying. Once Horace arrived, he would make the journey to his friend’s villa.
"How long have your father and mother lived in Torre Paterno?"
"My father," said Breedlove, with a bite in her voice, "has lived there for around ten years."
"Your parents must prefer the Italian climate," smiled Salvatore.
Breedlove gave him a darting look. "My mother died when I was a year old. My father used to share the house with his wife Violet."
The way she said Violet gave Salvatore the impression that Breedlove didn't take too kindly to her stepmother."
"He lost another wife too?" 
Breedlove gave him a quizzical look along with a heavy sigh. "I guess Agent Carter didn't tell you everything about me then?"
"Only about your husband and the circumstances of his death," said Salvatore. "Do you believe he was betrayed by someone close to him?"
"I believe so. But by whom I will never know." Breedlove imagined a grinning Count Vlodlav lying in his cell taking great pleasure in her pain.  "My father has only ever been married to one woman, and that was Violet."
Salvatore gripped hold of his seat for dear life as the bus bounced in and out of  several deep potholes. Breedlove let out a mischievous smile as he cursed in his native tongue.
"So you’re born out of wedlock?" said Salvatore.
"My father had an affair with my mother, if that's what you mean. It was kept out of the papers and was quite hush-hush, if you know what I mean."
Salvatore looked as if he hadn’t a clue what she talking about.
"My father is Sir Reginald Dawley. He was Foreign Secretary at the time when I was born. He fell in love with my mother who was the teenage daughter of his Swedish counterpart. As you could imagine it would have made quite a stir at the time."
The bus came to a standstill as several people got off and only one rustic looking elderly woman got on.
"Your father’s wife must have been distraught," said Salvatore.
"I imagine she was, especially when he briefly left her and Horace for a new life with my mother and I."
"But you said she died when you were a baby?"
Breedlove sometimes wondered if she had wronged God at some point in her life. The two people she had truly loved in the world had been taken from her.
"She died of a fever. My father went running back to Violet and Horace when my mother’s body was still warm. I was hidden away at a private school until I was thirteen years old, and then slowly I was introduced to my father’s family. It was here at Evelyn's Rest that we had our first, and only, holiday together."
Salvatore felt so sad for the young Betsy Breedlove and the trauma she would also endure in later life.
"Were you welcomed into the family?"
Breedlove cast her head back and laughed. "Everyone but Violet. She hated me, and looking back now I can see why. Apparently, I’m my mother’s double, so every time she looked at me she saw the woman who had tempted her husband away." 
"It wasn't your fault though," said Salvatore. 
The rustic woman eventually ended up sitting next to him. She gave him a wide smile and all that filled her mouth was one lonely front tooth.
"I think she likes you," said Breedlove. "I know it wasn't my fault but I never did myself any favours with her. I used to cajole and antagonise her. I was in an environment and surrounded by people that I didn't know. My natural instinct was to lash out with my mouth."
Salvatore tried to move further away from the woman with her overwhelming earthy smell that drifted up his nostrils. But if he moved any further he would end up on the ground. The riddle that he’d told Horace suddenly sprung to his mind.
"Does that have something to do with your stepmother’s downfall?"
Breedlove nodded. "Yeah, Horace was down by the beach with a girl called Astra. My father was writing away in the summer room, and Violet and I were in the kitchen preparing dinner. I can't remember exactly how the argument started, but it ended up with her pinning me to the ground with a knife to my throat. If my father hadn't come for a glass of water when he did, I don't think I would be here now."
"She would have killed you!?"
"I believe so," said Breedlove. "Something snapped inside her that day. My father never forgave her for her actions and their marriage went sour from there. When we returned back to London, I was packed off to a private school in Switzerland. I never saw Violet again."
"Not even when you returned in the holidays?"
"No, she came to Italy with Horace and left me and my father alone at home."
"How sad." Salvatore felt lucky and blessed that he had such a loving and harmonious childhood. "When was the last time you saw your father?"
Breedlove bit her bottom lip as she gazed out of the window. "The day before I married Jimmy."
"How long ago was that?"
"Nine years.”


Chapter Fifteen

Betsy took a sharp breath as she saw Evelyn's Rest. The old girl had aged. Her father had let the upkeep of the family villa slip. Her once imposing exterior was now nothing but a slight whimper of magnificence. The terracotta tiled roof had sagged, the white window shutters hung loose, and the paint flaked away from its wood. The grass around the villa lay unattended and wild. A tractor, that Betsy remembered her father ploughing an adjoining field with, had rusted and was no longer any use for anything. It lay dormant against a falling down wall and would never plough a field again.  
Evelyn's Rest was situated away from the main village of Torres Paterno and was perfectly placed upon a cliff that overlooked the bay. From where Betsy and Salvatore stood, watching the sun set upon the crimson horizon, they could hear the waves crashing upon the shore.
 "Somebody actually lives here?" said Salvatore.
"As far I know," replied Betsy.
Suddenly, the door of the villa opened and out walked a haggard elderly man with flaming, wild, white hair and facial hair to match. He wore short trousers and a white shirt with red trouser braces. In his hands, and aiming at Betsy and Salvatore, was a rifle.
"I don't believe I gave you permission to be on my land," he shouted. "I'm sick of you Ities wanderering across here without relevant authority."  
Salvatore took one step back as Betsy stepped forward and held up her hands.
"Poppa, it's me."
Sir Reginald Dawley squinted his failing eyes at her. "Me who?" He marched forwards with his rifle firmly aimed at her.
"Betsy, your daughter." Betsy was overridden with emotion at how old and frail her father was.
"I don't believe you. I don't have a daughter called Betsy," growled Sir Reginald.
"Elizabeth then,” sighed Breedlove.
Sir Reginald only lowered the rifle when he was a foot away. He reached out his skinny fingers and held Betsy's chin, moving her face from side to side. Salvatore felt extremely uncomfortable being privy to the father/daughter reunion.
"What brings you here? I don't have any money."
"I don't need money. We need shelter until Horace arrives."
Sir Henry laughed and turned on his heels, making his way back to the villa.
"Good luck with that," he said.
"Why?"
"He's been arrested on three counts of murder." Sir Reginald stopped when he reached the porch. He slowly turned to face her. "I knew it was you as soon as I saw you in the distance."
"Then why threaten to shoot us."
"I need some entertainment, dear daughter."
*
Breedlove was in her own little world when she slumped down at the table. The voices of her father and Salvatore were all but echoes in the background. She thought she had tied every loose end up in her grand plan. Breedlove now knew she had totally and disastrously underestimated Professor Edgar Foxton. 
"You know Hors is innocent?" said Breedlove.
Sir Reginald gently swayed in his rocking chair as he smoked his pipe. "This Foxton fellow of yours is behind it." 
"He is." She gazed down at the floor as her foot tapped against the wooden floor boards. "I have to go back to London and get him out of prison."
Sir Reginald belly laughed and shook his head. "We both know that's not going to happen."
Breedlove seethed at her father’s lack of urgency. "Hors will either languish in prison for the rest of his life or worse they'll..."
"Hang him," said Sir Reginald calmly. "I don't believe for one minute that our Prime Minister will let this Professor Foxton taint our family name. Truth will always prevail."
"Foxton's influence is far and wide," said Betsy. "If he wants something to happen, it will."
"How come you’re tangled up with this Professor?"
Salvatore didn't want to be in the villa as father and daughter conversed. The atmosphere was so hostile you could cut it with a knife.
"She has his notebook," said Salvatore.
"Did you steal it?" Sir Reginald stopped rocking and let the pipe hang loosely from his mouth.
"I acquired it," said Breedlove as she gave Salvatore a black look.
Salvatore coughed nervously as the room fell silent. The crashing of waves, and birds squawking drifted through the open window.
"I may take a stroll to the beach," said Salvatore.
"Watch how you go," warned Sir Reginald. "The path is treacherous. A young boy fell to his death last month."
Breedlove gave Salvatore a look of not wanting to be left alone with her father, but Salvatore felt there was still some unresolved issues they needed to tend to. When Salvatore closed the door behind him, Sir Reginald got up from his chair and poured himself a large glass of Scotch.
"Horace sends me a bottle every year for my birthday," sipped Sir Reginald. "He's a good old boy."
"I'm not a good old daughter?" Breedlove knew she hadn't been and would never be. "I don't know why I came here." She stood and went over to the kitchen window. She saw an intrepid Salvatore cautiously making his way down the path.
"To lay to rest some of your demons," said Sir Reginald. "I can see so much pain in your eyes, Elizabeth."
"It's Betsy," she snapped. "Nobody calls me Elizabeth anymore."
"Your mother gave you that name. You should at least honour it."
"Don't talk to me about honour, you old fool! You locked me away from the world so they wouldn't catch wind of your dirty little secret."
Sir Reginald laughed. "You still harbour anger for what I did all those years ago. I made sure that you never wanted for anything, that you had a decent upbringing that would set you up for life."
Breedlove’s stomach churned with bubbling hatred towards her maker. "All I wanted was to be part of a loving family. Violet hated me, and you were always caught up in work. The only person who has ever made me feel part of a family is Horace."
"Now he's in a cell on a triple murder charge, and from what I gather, it’s your entire fault."
Betsy held a dirty china cup in her hand that lay in the sink. She wanted to spin around and hurl it straight at her father’s head. Instead she took a deep solemn breath, removed her fingers from the cup handle, and faced her father.
"You could have come to my wedding and walked me down the aisle," said Breedlove. "I forgave you for those vindictive and hurtful things you said about Jimmy."
Sir Reginald finished off his Scotch and then poured himself another. "Horace told me he died."
"He didn't die! He was betrayed and then murdered."
"I don't wish to speak ill of the dead." In one swoop Sir Reginald made his second scotch disappear. "But James Breedlove was nothing but trouble. I've had dealings with his family before and they’re all cheating, rotten scoundrels."
Breedlove felt her eyes well up with warm tears. "He wasn't like the rest of his family. He was a decent, honest man that loved me. He above all, loved his country, that's why he did the job he did."
"Which I hear you are also involved with," sighed Sir Reginald. "A woman like you shouldn't be involved with the spy business."  
"I care not for your opinion, father." Breedlove sharply took in the dreadful interior of Evelyn's Rest. "What has happened to you? Why do you look like a vagrant, and why is this place falling apart?"
Sir Reginald sat back in his rocking chair. "Bad investments and loneliness."
"Surely Horace and your grandchildren visit."
"Once a year, if that. When Violet died the boy didn't want to come as much. He always preferred his mother to me. I can't hold that against him, I wouldn't want to spend too much time with me either." Sir Reginald was never one for feeling sorry for himself and he quickly turned his attention back to his estranged daughter. "Talking about my grandchildren! What the hell were you playing at getting somebody to kidnap them?!"
"I did it for their safety," said Breedlove. "I couldn't risk Foxton taking them to use against me."
Sir Reginald's face bulged with frustration. "Yet your brother lies in a cell on several murder charges! Your grand plan went well, didn't it just!"
Betsy finally snapped, stormed out of the villa, and ran in the direction that Salvatore had taken to the beach. 
"You can't keep running forever, Elizabeth," howled Sir Reginald.
*
Betsy found Salvatore sitting on a group of rocks casting pebbles into the crimson coloured sea. He turned to face her, his tanned olive skin caught the setting sun and for the first time Breedlove thought how good looking he was.
"I guess it didn't go well," said Salvatore.
Breedlove joined him and he gave her a few pebbles of her own to cast.
"Not as I planned."
"After nine years apart how did you expect it to go?"
Breedlove drew back her arm and flung a pebble with such might that she nearly felt her shoulder pop out of its socket. 
"A joyous occasion of ‘I’m sorry’ and lots of tears," she laughed. "To be truthful, I really didn’t know what to expect."
Salvatore took off his shoes and socks. "Fancy a stroll by the water’s edge?"
Breedlove agreed and slipped off her shoes. The water was soothing as it cascaded over her feet and the cooling sand wedged between her toes.
"What now?" said Salvatore. "How do you get back to London without Horace's help?"
"I'll think of something. We can't stop here tonight. So we'll make our way back to Rome and take it from there."
Salvatore shook his head in total disapproval. "We're going to do no such thing. You must make amends with your father before it’s too late. Take advice from somebody who knows the consequences of not doing such a thing."
"You didn't get on with your father?"
"He wanted me to be a doctor. I wanted to be a fashion designer."
"Surely he must be proud of your achievements?"
Salvatore stopped walking and looked at the sun, just before it dipped below the horizon.  
"The last words I ever said to my father were that I hated him." Salvatore met Breedlove's eyes and she could see the deep regret in them. "He died last year. I didn't go to his death bed, as I didn't think I would be welcome. My mother later told me that my father kept asking for me, right up until he drew his last breath.
"Would you have gone?"
"I was in New York at the time, but I would have hopped on a ship back to Italy in a heartbeat. That's what I'm saying, Betsy. Don't do something that you will regret in later life."
Betsy did something that she hadn't done in a long time. She lovingly kissed a man. Salvatore was initially shocked at her actions, but it had been sometime since he had been in such a situation with a woman.
"What was that for?" said Salvatore.
"Thank you for being a good friend." Breedlove pulled away and ran her fingers across his face. "I know you've put yourself on the line for me, and I've not exactly been grateful." 
"I was keeping a promise to a friend."
Breedlove hooked her arm through Salvatore's as they began walking. She rested her head against his shoulder, and to a stranger looking at them, it looked like they were lovers.
"Tell me how you came to know Agent Carter," said Breedlove.
"It's a funny story actually. It concerns a flock of sheep, a priceless jewel, and a rather irate Spanish Princess."


Chapter Sixteen

One of Massimo's pleasures was watching the sun set. It meant that you had got through the day and you were given a shot at another.  He leaned against the tree smoking, as his eyes were transfixed on the couple walking across the water front. They seemed to be lovers, although his employer had assured him they weren't. His employer wasn't interested in the man, who Massimo knew to be Salvatore Moretti, the famous dress designer. Massimo was sure that his sister Fabia, who was married to the mayor, owned a dress designed by Moretti. 
It was the woman that his employer wanted. Massimo had to keep a close eye on her until his employer arrived, which if everything went well would be late tomorrow.
The woman he knew to be Elizabeth Breedlove (although his employer told him she went by the name Betsy) and Salvatore made their way back up the badly maintained beach path towards her father’s villa, called Evelyn's Rest, or as he and the locals called it, Stanco Casa.
The Tired House. 
*
Salvatore had gone ahead and entered the villa first. Breedlove made her own entrance moments later. What Salvatore had said to her weighed heavy on her mind. Could she ever forgive her father for his past transgressions? Maybe it was time to put the past to one side and build a new future with him while she still had the chance.
Breedlove held open the door and found her father had another guest. He was a short, overweight Italian man in his late fifties, with a receding hair line. 
"You must be Elizabeth," the man announced with a grin.
Betsy was unsure of the man. He held out his hand and she hesitantly shook it.
"This is Massimo," said Sir Reginald. "A very good friend of mine. He's  just this minute arrived."
"Has he just," replied Betsy.
"I've heard a lot about you," said Massimo. "Good things of course!"
Breedlove gave her father a look and his face didn't reveal anything. Salvatore and Massimo exchanged several words in their native tongue, and Salvatore seemed humbled by whatever Massimo was saying.
"I apologise for being rude," said Massimo. "I was merely saying that some female members of my family admire Mr Morettis work. Do you own such garments?"
"Not yet, but I'm sure Mr Moretti will sort me something out."
Salvatore raised his eyebrows and turned up his bottom lip, as if to say he may be able to do something.
"How did your paths cross?" asked Massimo.
Breedlove didn't like her father’s apparent good friend’s intentions or questions.
"Through a friend of a friend," said Breedlove. "We better be off." She looked at Salvatore.
"You’re not staying here?" said Sir Reginald.
"I don't want to put you out."
"Nonsense. There's plenty of room here for you and your..."
"He’s just a friend," said Breedlove. "Nothing more."
Salvatore seemed briefly hurt by Breedlove's statement, but he knew no man would ever get close to her until she lay the ghost of her husband to rest.
"That's settled then!" said Massimo. "I would like you to come to my restaurant for a meal. On the house, of course.”
"That's very kind of you," said Sir Reginald. "It's been a while since I've dined out."
Breedlove smelled a rat. She knew damn well that Massimo's appearance wasn't a coincidence. She would lay down her last penny that Massimo was working for Foxton. But how did Foxton know that she was here? Only Horace knew. Surely her own brother hadn't betrayed her?
"Thank you for your offer," said Breedlove. "I’d better make myself presentable. I presume Violet’s things are still in the bathroom?"
"They are," replied Sir Reginald.
"I think you could do with a wash, Mr Moretti," said Breedlove.
Salvatore looked at her confused. "Do I?" 
Breedlove's eyes widened with urgency . 
"Yes, of course," stammered Salvatore. He hurried after Breedlove, as Massimo made to leave. 
"How long does your daughter plan on staying?" Massimo cast his eyes around the room.
"I have no idea,” said Sir Reginald.
"She seems to have brought no luggage with her."
"My Elizabeth has always travelled light."
Massimo tapped his friend on the shoulder as he descended the steps of the porch.
"I was honoured that you called me a good friend. It's been a while since I came around."
Massimo dug his hands in his trouser pockets and began to whistle as he walked away. Sir Reginald tried to think when the last time Massimo, or anyone had been to his villa. The only event he could think of was after Violet's funeral. But as Sir Reginald went to his bedroom to smarten himself up, he realised that Violet’s funeral had taken place nearly three years ago. 
 *
"I'm telling you," whispered Breedlove. "That Massimo is working for Foxton."
"Because he’s decided to pay your father a visit at the same time as you?"
Breedlove impatiently shook her head. "When we first arrived here, my father said he was in the state he was because of loneliness."
"And bad investment."
Breedlove held her ear against the bathroom door to hear if Massimo had left. "Yeah, that too. But I don't think he's been to see my father for a very long time."
"You have no evidence of that."
She pulled her ear away when she heard Massimo. "My father seemed uncomfortable around Massimo. You know how it is when you've not seen someone for a very long time."
"Like not seeing your daughter for nine years," said Salvatore. "I never got the impression your father was uncomfortable around the gentleman." Salvatore lay his hands on Breedlove's shoulders. "Maybe it will do you good to have a nice meal and let your hair down. We've both had quite a week."
Breedlove gave him a weak smile in return. She had a feeling she was walking straight into a trap.
"You and your father can have a good old catch up over a glass of wine," smiled Salvatore.
"If I get a whiff of something fishy, then I'm off. With or without you."
"The only fishy thing you’re going to smell is wonderful Italian cooking."
Chapter Seventeen

It was a ten minute walk from Evelyn's Rest to the restaurant, which was aptly named Massimo's. The restaurant was a three storey building crammed in the middle of the oval shaped market square. Several tables lay out front, with tourists and locals deep in conversion enjoying the warm night and a drink. 
Breedlove had changed from her dirty clothes into something more comfortable. Although she didn't like to admit it, she was a similar shape and build to her stepmother. So, with her father’s approval she wore a simple blue and white, ankle length dress. Salvatore commented that he thought it was quite bland, and given the time he would have made a better job. 
They polished off their seafood starters and waited for the mains to arrive. Salvatore enjoyed a mouthful of wine, when he suddenly thought about Horace and his plight. 
"Do you plan to travel to London, Sir Reginald?"
"I was wondering if I could tag along with you, actually,” Sir Reginald said to Betsy.
Breedlove dabbed her mouth with a napkin. "It's not safe for you to travel with me."
"I won't let this Professor Foxton hurt you, Elizabeth."
"I'm not concerned about me. It's you that I don't want him to hurt."
Sir Reginald scoffed as he brought the wine glass to his lips. "After what he's done to my boy, I'll kill him myself!"
Salvatore was amazed at the change in appearance and stature of Sir Reginald. After only being in company of others for a few hours, he was a different man.
"Professor Foxton is not a man you want dealings with. He would think nothing of killing his own mother," said Salvatore.
"Surely, no man exists?"
"Edgar Foxton exists, Poppa,” said Betsy.
A waiter arrived with their main course of lobster, roasted Mediterranean vegetables and fresh salad.
"Tell me more about this man," said Sir Reginald.
Breedlove told him the story of Passchendaele, Foxton's obsession with the human mind, and finally, his notebook full of secrets and confessions.
"This notebook you have is the main cause of all our problems," said Sir Reginald.
"Our problems?" said Breedlove, puzzled.
"Yes, Elizabeth. Before you interrupt me I will not call you Betsy." 
Breedlove let her father carry on. 
"My son has been framed for murders that he didn't commit, my two only grandchildren are in the care of a disgraced socialite in Paris, and my daughter is being pursued by a deranged mad man! So yes, it is my problem as much as yours!"
"Keep your voice down," hushed Betsy.
"I can only see one end to this," assured Sir Reginald.
"What's that then?"
"You hand Foxton back his notebook."
Betsy tore the claw off her lobster. "That's not going to happen."
"So Horace will go to the gallows then?"
The lobster meat was soft, warm and utterly delicious as Breedlove churned it over in her mouth.
"There's no guarantee that if I did hand it back, Horace would be cleared of all charges."
Sir Reginald grew impatient with his daughter and lowered his voice in a growl. "I demand you at least try."
"How about we talk about this tomorrow," joked Salvatore.
"This is Dawley business, Mr Moretti," snapped Sir Reginald. "I would prefer you kept out of this."
Breedlove pushed her plate to one side and stood.
 "I never had the name Dawley, Poppa. I had my mother’s name until I was twenty four. Then I married Jimmy and became Mrs Breedlove."
She threw her napkin on the table and made her way out of the restaurant.
"Where are you going?" said Salvatore as he shot up.
"She's going nowhere," announced Massimo, from the balcony above. 
Betsy was nearly at the entrance to the restaurant, when two burly men appeared out of nowhere to greet her. As one of the men touched her arm, she threw a quick, jabbing punch to his nose. There was a light cracking sound as the bridge of his nose broke. Before Betsy could turn her lightning speed reactions to the second man, she felt something collide with the side of her head.
"What are you doing man?!” Sir Reginald looked on as Betsy lay sprawled out on the ground while the second burly man stood over her with a wooden club.
"He's doing what I've been paid handsomely to do," said Massimo, as he made his way down the stairs. "I've been tasked with keeping your daughter detained until my employer arrives from London."
"Foxton!" bellowed Sir Reginald. "How could you work for such a man?"
Massimo stood over an unconscious Betsy and shrugged. "Money, Sir Reginald. It's that simple."
"Betsy said you weren't to be trusted," said Salvatore.
"Your friend shouldn't have taken what wasn't hers," snapped Massimo. "Take them to my casa and get her seen to," instructed Massimo to the second man, as the first man stumbled to his feet.
"May you rot in hell," spat Sir Reginald, as he was led away.
Massimo waved Sir Reginald's comment away as he climbed the stairs. "We'll all eventually rot in hell. It’s just a matter of where and when.”

Chapter Eighteen

Betsy had been dreaming of her wedding day, when she felt something tightening around her wrists and then her ankles. Her eyes flew open, and she found herself in a dimly lit room that she instantly knew to be a wine cellar.  The man, whose nose she had broken earlier, gave her a scowling look as he stepped away from her. The reason she had felt her wrists and ankles tightening soon became clear. They had been bound together as she sat on a chair. 
Betsy's attention was soon drawn to Sir Reginald, who was in the same predicament to her at the other side of the room. His face was badly beaten, and dried blood had formed under his eyes and across his cheeks. His left eye was swollen and partially closed.
"Get away from him!" growled Betsy. "Lay one more finger on him and I will kill you."
The man with the broken nose chuckled to himself as he playfully slapped Sir Reginald across the face. 
"You’re in for a nasty surprise," taunted the man. 
Betsy tried to wriggle her hands free of the bonds, but it proved fruitless. Her wrists burned as the rope dug into her skin.
"There's no point struggling," the man said. "I've had a lot of experience tying people up."
"I will get out of this,” assured Betsy.
The man shook his head as his locked his fingers together then bent them backwards. The cracking sound made Breedlove's skin crawl. He then held the back of his hand inches away from Sir Reginald's face.
"Now you’re awake, I'll ask you this question. Where's the notebook?"
Sir Reginald's good eye fixed on his daughter. "Don't tell them...."
The man didn’t hesitate in striking Sir Reginald across the face. As a punishment he struck him again with the other hand.
"I wouldn't listen to him," the man said. "Now, where is Professor Foxton's notebook?"
Breedlove decided her next words should be taken with great care. Blood dripped from the corner of her father’s mouth on to the floor. She then suddenly thought of Salvatore.
"Where's Mr Moretti?"
The man chuckled again. "There's no need to worry about him. He's perfectly safe."
"I would like to see him."
The man stepped forward and jabbed his blood smeared finger at her. "You're in no situation to express demands."
"Tell me where he is, and I won't hurt you."
"You're tied to a chair," he laughed. "How can you possibly hurt me?"
"Come closer and I'll show you a trick my mentor Su-Lan taught me."
Sir Reginald, in severe discomfort and pain, was intrigued as to who this mentor was.
"Whose Su-Lan?" croaked Sir Reginald.
"I'll tell you later over a nice glass of red wine, when we get back to Evelyn's Rest."
The man sniggered in disbelief as he lowered his face into Betsy’s. She recoiled at the smell of his foul breath .
"I wouldn't bet on that," he said. "What's this trick then?"
Breedlove grinned as she suddenly held her hands in front of the man’s startled face.
"How to dislocate one’s wrist.” 
Before the man could comprehend what she had done, Breedlove wrapped her arms around the man’s neck, and with one swift twist, she broke it. 
"My God, Elizabeth," said Sir Reginald. "You killed him!"
Breedlove let her arms go, and the man's lifeless body slumped to the floor. With a painful twist of her wrist it relocated itself, and she began to untie her leg bonds.
"How many men have you killed, Elizabeth?"
"I'd rather not talk about it." Breedlove's leg bonds fell away, and although her ankles were sore and tender, she went straight to her father’s aid. "We need to find a way out of here." She began to untie her father, when somebody began to clap. She spun around, as that somebody stepped out of the shadows of the wine cellar.
"Nice handiwork," said Salvatore. 
Breedlove's mind quickly tried to piece together what was happening. Salvatore sat down on Breedlove's chair and crossed his legs as well as his arms.
"You still don't recognise me," said Salvatore. "Dr Heinbecker is a magician after all. It's a shame he had to die. Such wasted talent."
"You’re not Salvatore Moretti, are you?" said Breedlove.
"And the penny finally drops!"
"Then who the hell are you? I've seen a picture of Salvatore before. You look exactly like him." Breedlove's mind struggled to grasp what was happening. "Agent Carter was your friend."
"Not my friend. Salvatore Moretti's friend."
Breedlove was ready to launch herself at the imposter and interrogate the truth out of him, but there was something about him that gave Breedlove the notion that he was a very dangerous man.
"I was in Paris, dining out in a very exquisite restaurant, when I heard your name mentioned. I've been previously occupied in less fortunate surroundings, so I was relishing the chance of some well cooked food," said the imposter. "I overheard an American man who was asking his friend to be a guardian angel for a woman friend of his. One Elizabeth Breedlove. Well, I nearly spat out my wine at the mention of your name." The imposter laughed with pure ecstasy as he cast his head back and slapped his hands together. "The sound of your name made my blood boil and my innards shake with rage. But what really raised my interest was this notebook that they were so concerned about. Apparently, if it fell into the wrong hands it would be a disaster."
Something happened to the impostor’s accent. It went from a soft Italian tone to a hard Germanic rasp.
"Count Vlodlav," said Breedlove. "It can't be."
"I know!" agreed Vlodlav. "Dr Heinbecker worked wonders in little time." Vlodlav ran his fingers over his face. "The procedure to look like Mr Moretti hurt immensely. But it was worth it just to see the look on your face." 
"How did you escape from Semberlem Prison?"
Vlodlav didn't want to think of the fortress that was perched upon a mountain far from civilisation. 
"We needn't bother ourselves with such trivial things. I'm here, you’re here, and I do hope this notebook is too." Vlodlav steadily stood up and wiped the creases from his suit.
Breedlove couldn't believe she had been taken in and fooled by her nemesis. The one man she wish she had killed when she had the chance.
"Just tell me where it is, and no one else has to die," said Vlodlav.
"Professor Foxton won't be happy that you want his notebook."
The man whose nose she had broken quickly held Breedlove from behind by her shoulders. She knew there was no point in resisting and trying to fight her way out of the cellar.
"Professor Foxton doesn't concern me. He's been dealt with."
"You've killed him?"
"I haven't harmed a hair on anyone's head. Ever," smiled Vlodlav. "I have people to do that for me. Let me introduce an old friend of mine. I think you know him."
Vlodlav spoke aloud in his native Austrian for someone to enter the cellar. The door creaked open, and in walked Viktor Korovin.
"You know Viktor?" said Vlodlav. "Of course you do! You put that scar above his eye when you fled Paris with Foxton's notebook. Well, you see,Viktor and I are old friends, and when I found out he was Foxton's bodyguard, I knew I had to call in a few favours."
Korovin made his way towards Breedlove, and before she knew it he had slapped her hard across the face.
"Leave my daughter alone!" said Sir Reginald, as Breedlove fell to her knees.
"I will," barked Vlodlav. "When she tells me where the notebook is."
Breedlove lowered her head as blood ran into her mouth. She desperately tried to think of a plan that would get her and Sir Reginald to safety. Maybe, if she couldn't save herself, she could at least save her father.
"I'll tell you where the notebook is, if you guarantee my father’s safety, and get all the charges against my brother dropped."
Vlodlav rocked on his heels and toes as he weighed up Breedlove's offer. "Your brother’s welfare, I cannot guarantee. Professor Foxton played a splendid hand of framing him for murder."
Sir Reginald gazed at Breedlove with desperate eyes. 
"It's at my father’s villa," she said.
"How?" Vlodlav's eyes narrowed with suspicion. "On the train from Florence you assured me you didn't have it on you"
"I never said that. All I said was that it was safe. When I was getting changed upstairs into something more suitable, I hid the notebook under the floor boards of my father’s bedroom."
Vlodlav harshly grabbed Breedlove by the chin. "Then I suggest you take us there." 
Vlodlav gave Korovin a brief look. Korovin drew a pistol from the inside of his coat pocket and shot the man with the broken nose twice in the chest. The man yelped in surprise and fell lifeless to the floor. With cold ease, and no emotion,  he then held the pistol to Sir Reginald's temple.
"No! You said you’d let him go," said Breedlove.
"I don’t believe I  said anything, Elizabeth,”
Breedlove wailed with untold grief, as Korovin pulled the trigger. 


Chapter Nineteen

Tears filled Breedlove's eyes as she was led out of Massimo's wine cellar. Vlodlav pulled her up the stairs and casually hummed a tune as they made their way up the wooden steps and across the main living area of the villa. Breedlove didn't even flinch, or acknowledge the bodies of Massimo and the other man from the restaurant. They both lay slumped on the couch with a bullet hole in their foreheads.
"You seem distant," said Vlodlav. 
"You bastard," replied Breedlove slowly. "There was no need to kill my father."
"You’re probably right, but I need to make sure all my loose ends are tied up."
"Are you going to kill me when I hand the notebook over?"
Vlodlav gave a sad nod of the head as he led her over to a car. "Call it evens. You put me in that God-awful prison, and I'm repaying you in kind."
"I should have killed you when I had the chance." 
Vlodlav opened the door and shoved Breedlove into the back. He followed her, as Korovin started the engine then got into the drivers side.
"I'm glad you didn't," said Vlodlav as Korovin pulled away. "Did you ever find out who betrayed your husband? You never found it in Foxton's notebook, even though he told you it was."
Breedlove couldn't bring herself to look across at Vlodlav. She instead gazed blankly out of the window. 
"Why are you so concerned about my husband’s murder?"
Vlodlav took a cigarette from his shirt pocket and lit it. "Because I know who did."
“Why should I trust you?”
"I'm not asking you to trust me, Elizabeth. I'm merely speaking the truth."
 A fleeting thought came to Breedlove. She contemplated taking Vlodlav's life and then over-powering Korovin as he drove, but she knew it was more than likely that then everyone in the car would end up losing their lives. 
"Then tell me Count, who betrayed my husband?"
"Sir Reginald Dawley," said Vlodlav.
"My father? You’re lying."
Vlodlav shook his head as he exhaled smoke. "Your father was a traitor to your beloved country, Elizabeth. That's why he was exiled to Italy."
"My father was no traitor!"
Vlodlav sighed with displeasure and leaned forwards. "Viktor," announced Vlodlav. "Who was your mole in the British Government?"
"Sir Reginald," said Korovin. 
"You see." Vlodlav sat back and enjoyed the rest of his cigarette. "Sir Reginald killed two birds with one stone. He sabotaged a British spy mission, and got his son-in-law, who he never liked, killed. It all went quite to plan."
Breedlove felt sick. After all these years it was her own father behind the death of the one and only person she had ever loved. She wanted to go back to Massimo's villa and kick her father’s dead body black and blue.
"I've told you where the notebook is," said Breedlove. "Why don't you just shoot me now and get it all over with."
Vlodlav tutted. "I'm not wasting my time in tearing your treacherous father’s house apart. It's quicker if you just get it for me." Vlodlav's mouth suddenly widened. "Ah, we’re here. This shouldn't take long at all. I'll stay here why Viktor escorts you inside."
Before Breedlove could fathom any response, the car had come to a stop, and she was being hauled up the path towards Evelyn's Rest.
"Your father was a good man," whispered Korovin.
  Breedlove's eyes didn’t  meet his as they ascended the porch.
"Then why murder him?"
"I gave him a quick death. You should be thankful of that. Normally, the Count insists I torture the person to death." Korovin raised his foot and kicked open the door. "Go and get the notebook!" he growled, as he brandished his pistol.
Breedlove took slow steps towards the staircase. Her mind spun with ideas of how she could possibly escape the clutches of Count Vlodlav and Korovin. Her attention was soon drawn back towards Korovin as she heard a clicking sound.  He gave a simple nod of his head as he aimed the pistol at her.
"Move," he warned. 
Breedlove felt dawning realisation that this was possibly going to be her final few moments alive on earth. She made her pointless journey to her father’s bedroom, for a notebook that wasn't even there. She got down on her knees and pretended to remove several floorboards. As she placed the final board back, she suddenly had an idea. A very dangerous and life threatening one.
Breedlove picked up a large vase on the window sill and smashed it on the floor, followed by several decorative ceramic plates. She then took a step back, and hid behind the bedroom door, as she heard Korovin hurtling upstairs towards her. As he was about to step over the threshold, she kicked the door to a close in his face. Korovin didn't yelp or cry out in pain as the hard wooden door slammed in his face and sent him backwards to the floor. Breedlove darted out of the room and saw his pistol lying inches away from his grasp.
"Stupid bitch," said Korovin, as blood seeped from a cut on his nose. "I'm going to kill you for doing that."
He lunged for the pistol, and as his fingers touched the handle, Breedlove gave a swift kick of her foot and the pistol skittered away. Korovin's cold, deadly eyes narrowed with hatred as Breedlove stood over him. She balled her hand into a fist, and with one sharp, brutal punch she knocked him unconscious.  
Breedlove retrieved the pistol and then set about carrying out the final part of her plan. She emerged out of Evelyn's Rest and found Vlodlav leaning against the car, enjoying the Italian sun. He clapped as she pointed the pistol at him.
"Even dear old Viktor struggled to keep you under control."
"He's still alive."
"Then you'd better get running." Vlodlav made his way towards the villa. "The notebook was never here was it?" 
Breedlove's eyes were drawn to Vlodlav's waistcoat as he withdrew a dagger. "I'll never give anyone the notebook."
"Too bad,” said Vlodlav.
With a flick of his wrist the dagger spun through the air with such grace and majesty that it seemed to entrance Breedlove. She gave out an ear shattering scream as the blade wedged itself into her belly. Her finger snapped at the pistol’s trigger and she put a bullet into Vlodlav's cheek. Vlodlav was pushed back a few feet, before he tripped over and fell to the floor. 
Breedlove felt light headed as she looked down at the handle of the dagger as it protruded out of her belly. Her legs began to take her away from the villa towards the cliff top. Her mind was screaming at her to drop to her knees, but all she could hear was the soothing sound of crashing waves as she approached the cliff edge. She closed her eyes as the cool sea breeze massaged her face and her abdomen seared with hot pain. Her solace was interrupted as pistol shots rang out. 
She turned to find Korovin holding Vlodlav upright.
"Was this your grand plan of an escape?" asked Vlodlav. "It's at least a sixty foot drop into the sea below. It's littered with rocks and God knows what. Your chances of survival are slim, even if you weren't suffering from a stab wound to your abdomen."
Breedlove muttered something, but neither of the men could understand her. The prevailing wind had picked up and began to push them around the cliff. Breedlove took a step backwards towards her imminent death.
"Tell us where the notebook his," shouted Vlodlav.
"Never," Breedlove managed to say.
Vlodlav finally had enough. He held out the pistol that Breedlove had shot him with moments before. "I would normally say it’s been a pleasure."
He pulled the trigger, just as Breedlove leaned backwards and fell towards the crashing waves below. Both Vlodlav and Korovin peered over the edge to see if they could see her body smashed upon the rocks.
There was no sign of a broken body.
"There's no way she could have survived that," said Korovin.
"Even if she did," spat Vlodlav. "Her wound will kill her anyway."
"Do you want me to take a look?"
Vlodlav screwed his face up in pain. "No, I need to see a doctor. Take me away from this hell hole."
Korovin's eyes scoured the rocks and sea looking for some sign that Breedlove had perished.
"Come on, Viktor!" growled Vlodlav.
Then Korovin's eyes lit up when he saw something floating in the water. A blue and white dress. The one Breedlove had been wearing. But as soon as he saw it, it disappeared below the surface. Korovin strained his eyes again to see if the dress came back up, or if Breedlove's body had washed up. He muttered something Russian and left the cliff edge. He then helped Count Vlodlav make his way back to the car.  

Chapter Twenty

Margo stepped away from the taxi and took in the facade of Le Rene Hotel. It looked elegant and fashionable, and was the kind of place her and Horace would stay. Margo wanted to rush up the white marble steps and demand to know where Lady Beatrice Hugh-Blakely and her children were. But the last thing she wanted to do was cause a scene and make matters any worse.
The doorman bade Margo good morning as he opened the door for her. Margo's French was impeccable, but because her mind was concentrating on other matters she rudely thanked the man in English. 
The hotel foyer was bustling with life as normal and Margo knew the only way to find her children was to ask at reception. This time Margo let her French skills do the talking.
"Dans quelle pièce est-Dame Hugh-Blakely rester?" said Margo.
The young receptionist gave her a stern look. "Je ne peux pas vous dire que madame. Vous pouvez lui laisser un message si vous voulez."
Margo laid her hands down on the smooth wooden counter and leaned forward. "Lady Beatrice is caring for my children. I wish to see them, now."
The receptionist folded her arms and shook her head defiantly. "I'm sorry, but I cannot give out guests room numbers. If you left your children in her care, then you should know which room she is in."
When the receptionist gave a thin smile that indicated her victory, Margo very nearly lashed out at her. It was only when she felt someone gently squeeze her shoulder that she refrained from doing so. 
"Mrs Dawley."
Margo found a rather dashing looking gentleman that had been behind the squeeze.
"That's me," she said. "What can I do for you?"
"How about not trying to assault the hotel staff."
"I was about to do no such thing."
"Of course you weren't," he smiled. "The names Douglas Blakely."
Margo's eye lit up at the announcement of Douglas’s surname. "Are you...."
"Lady Beatrice's youngest child. The only one that hasn't disowned her...yet."
"Where are my daughters?"
Douglas held his hand out towards the lift at the other side of the foyer. "Having a grand time with mother dearest. I still can't understand how they came to be in her care. She won't tell me anything. Can you shed any light on the matter?"
"Maybe later," said Margo. "Please take me to your mother."
Douglas gave her a light nod of the head as he led the way towards the lift.  "I'm sorry to hear about your husband. It's caused quite the stir."
The lift doors were opened and they stepped inside, as the lift’s only guests.
"My husband is an innocent man. He's been framed," said Margo.
"By whom?"
The lift jolted into life, and Douglas quickly held Margo as she nearly collided with the wall. He then made sure she was steady and removed his hands from her waist. He gave a sharp embarrassed cough. 
"By a man called Professor Foxton," said Margo.
Douglas looked at her with puzzlement, and she didn't like the look at all.
"Professor Edgar Foxton, the famous psychiatrist?" said Douglas.
"Yes, him!"
The lift jolted twice before it came to a stop and the doors were opened for them to exit. Douglas motioned for Margo to go first but she refused to go anywhere.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" said Margo.
"Professor Foxton was found dead in The Thames. It seems he took his own life."
"You’re lying. That man is the devil!"
"I'm sorry but it’s true," assured Douglas. "It's in all the newspapers."
Margo took a deep breath and tried to collect her thoughts. "Please take me to my children."
"Follow me."
*
Margo's mind was a blur with Douglas's revelation that Foxton was dead, she didn't even hear her children scream with joy as she stepped over the threshold. Anna and Edwina’s  hands clung to their mother’s waist and nearly pulled her to the ground. Margo snapped out of her trance and quickly kissed her daughters.
"Where's daddy?" asked Anna.
"He's at home waiting for you," said Margo. "You both look well."
"They've been well cared for," said Lady Beatrice. "Can we talk outside please, Mrs Dawley." Lady Beatrice got up out of her chair and walked outside onto the balcony. The newly painted railings glistened in the Parisian sun, as Lady Beatrice motioned for Margo to close the door behind her.
"Do you know if you were followed from London?"
Margo peered over the railings at the bustling activity below her. "I don't know. I wasn't taking notice. I just wanted to get to my daughters.”
Lady Beatrice dipped her hand inside the layers of clothes she was wearing, and pulled out a  notebook.  "This was entrusted to me," she said, "by your sister in law."
"Is that Professor Foxton's notebook?"
"Yes, it is." Lady Beatrice held out the notebook for Margo to take. "Betsy said I had to keep it in my possession until you came."
"I don't want it! Burn it, throw it away. Do whatever you wish with it, but I don't want it," said Margo. "Why did Betsy give it to you?"
"I happened to be in the corridor that she was making her escape down," said Lady Beatrice. "The how's and why’s of everything are irrelevant. What I do know, is that you are to take the notebook, and your daughters, and go to America."
Margo laughed and shook her head in shock. "Now, why would I take the girls to America, when my husband awaits a trial in England, for something he didn't do?"
Lady Beatrice tapped on the window and moments later Douglas appeared on the balcony. "England is not safe for you," said Lady Beatrice.
"Foxton's dead," shot Margo.
"Yes, but there are other people who want the notebook," said Douglas.
"Which people?" 
Douglas put his hand on Margo's shoulder but she brushed it away in anger. "Don't treat me like a child! I don't even know you, why should I trust you?"
Lady Beatrice pointed through the window at Anna and Edwina, who looked back at them with worried eyes. "If we meant to harm you or your children we would have done it long ago. Please do as I ask and take your family to America."
"America! I don't even know anybody there. Where would the girls and I even live?"
"Arrangements have been made."
Margo bit her lip as her mind tried to fathom the right thing to do.
"Where is Betsy anyway?"
"We don't know," said Douglas. "Have you not heard from her?"
"Horace did before he was arrested. I think she was near Rome."
"Does she have family there?"
"Her father lives nearby in a small villa by the sea. But I can't see why she would go there. They haven't spoke in years," said Margo.
Lady Beatrice dipped her hand inside her clothes again, and this time she held out a white envelope. "These are four first class boarding tickets for a ship that leaves Calais to New York this afternoon," said Lady Beatrice.
"But there's only three of us," replied Margo.
"That's where I come in," said Douglas. "I have business that I have to attend to in New York. I will be your chaperone for the journey."
Margo held her hands to her face and she desperately wanted to scream. It felt like her life was falling apart, and going to New York felt like she was running away.
"What about my husband?" said Margo. "I can't leave him in England."
"Your husband will be fine," smiled Lady Beatrice. "I think your sister in law will have him exonerated when she returns to England."
"When will that be?" scorned Margo. "Betsy is like a whirlwind, Lady Beatrice. She's been in and out of our lives for years. It sometimes takes months for me and Horace to pick up the pieces of her destruction." 
"Then you must put your trust in her and pray that she comes good," said Lady Beatrice. "She went to great lengths to ensure the safety of her nieces. That must count for something."
Margo thought it was better to hold her tongue than to speak ill of Betsy in front of people she hardly knew. "I don't have much money or any clothes on me."
"That can all be arranged," said Lady Beatrice. "Now, how about we have a cup of tea and something nice to eat, then we can iron out further details later."
As Douglas led the way back inside, all Margo could think about was Horace languishing in a prison cell waiting for Betsy to rescue him.  


Chapter Twenty-One

Although Alessandro was only nine years old, he was more than capable of scaling the rocks that scattered the sea shore. The best location to catch the fish that would supply his family their supper, was located at the furthest tip of the rock formation. Since Alessandro could remember, he had been brought down to the very spot by his late father, to learn how to fish. Now, two years since the passing of his father, he came to fish by himself. Any other mother would have been fraught with worry that her only son might plunge into the violent depths of the sea, never to be seen again. But Alessandro's father had taught him well, and his mother had every faith in the man she had adored. Even though his mother’s new husband was set against a young boy doing such a dangerous hobby, Alessandro still came to catch the fish that would keep his family fed for another day.
  The day had turned quickly from blue skies and warm sunshine, to dark grey skies, light rain, and a sharp cutting wind. The calm sea grew angry and began to batter the rocks that Alessandro stood on. He checked his wooden box and found it only contained a handful of small fish. He had a feeling that he was so close to landing the fish that would put pay to a good day. But the way the waves now crashed upon the rocks, it wouldn't be long before he would be knocked off his feet and swept away. He had a point to prove to his mother’s husband, who didn't see the point in Alessandro risking his life to catch a few fish. But it was more than that. When he fished, it brought his father back from the dead.
"Come on," whispered Alessandro. "Just one more."
A rogue wave caught him off guard and swiped his feet from underneath him. Alessandro yelped as his back connected with the hard surface of the rock. Before he had time to grab hold of his rod and box, they were both swept out to sea. Rain, sea water and tears filled his eyes. In a split second, everything he had achieved all day, was gone. Alessandro steadied himself and got to his feet as another wave came crashing down on him, and he used all of his strength to keep himself upright. 
He was four rocks from the shore when he thought he saw something bobbing up and down in the water. At first he presumed it was timber from the wreck of a ship. The coast had seen a lot of ships stranded or smashed upon the rocks in recent months. Some of the locals, and even his mother, had commented that they had never seen so many shipping accidents before.
Alessandro's curiosity was aroused when the object bobbed up again. He skipped across the rocks until he was feet away. He held his hand above his face as the wind howled around him, and the rain and sea sprayed him with water. The mystery object floated its way towards him, and when he finally saw the pale white skin and matted black hair of a naked Betsy Breedlove, he screamed.
 Breedlove's eyes were closed, and the handle of a dagger still protruded out of her stomach. Her body came to rest, with her peaceful face looking up at Alessandro. As she lay there asleep, he thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. He bent down to touch her face, when her eyes suddenly shot open.
"Help me," croaked Breedlove.
Alessandro leapt up and let out a brief scream.
"Please hel..." said Breedlove before she passed out.
Alessandro dodged more waves and the prevailing wind as he ran as fast as his legs would carry him, to get his mother.
*
Breedlove had felt her body being lifted out of the water. She had heard many voices asking questions about her. Who was she? Where was she from? Why had she been wounded like that? 
She felt the coldness eventually leave her body, and a warm feeling slowly replaced it. Then it felt like her insides had been set on fire as she felt the dagger being removed from her abdomen. The coldness in her flesh and bones came back and it stayed. Breedlove heard someone say that she may not recover at all. In her mind she scoffed at the notion. She needed to break Horace out of his prison cell, and somehow get him to America to start a new life. She knew there was Count Vlodlav to deal with. She would be sending him back to his mountain prison when the moment came.
Breedlove loosened her eye lids, and slowly but surely she opened them. She found herself in a box-room with a roaring fire, and a small boy looking at her from a rocking chair. She coughed and then winced as her stomach tightened with pain. She ran her hands over her wound and found it well covered and cared for.
"Are you the boy who saved me?" said Breedlove.
Alessandro gave a nod of the head as his face glowed orange from the fire. "My name is Alessandro. Where are you from?"
"England." Breedlove gathered up enough energy to sit upright. "Where am I?"
"Salmero."
"How far is that from Torres?"
"Is that where you were injured?"
"Yes, how far is it?"
Alessandro moved out of the chair and sat on the edge of the bed. "I don't know. Thirty miles possibly."
Breedlove gripped the bed sheets, as a stroke of hot pain shot across her stomach. She took a deep breath and let the cover slip through her fingers. A tapping noise came at an oval shaped window opposite the roaring fire. 
"It hasn't stopped raining since I found you," said Alessandro. "My mother thinks God is angry with you."
"Everybody's always angry with me," smiled Breedlove. "It’s a perk of being me. I need to speak to your father or mother."
Alessandro looked at the floor and kicked his feet. "My father died two years ago."
"Sorry about that. My father died recently too."
"Was he a good man?"
"I thought he was," said Breedlove. "But it appears he wasn't. I'm sure yours was a good father though."
Alessandro nodded eagerly, and Breedlove could see the boy’s love for his father burning bright in his eyes.
"Can you go and get your mother for me?"
Alessandro got to his feet. "She should be back from market soon. She's gone to meet her husband, who has returned from his travels on the mainland."
"Was he not the one who pulled me from the water?"
"No, that was my uncle and my cousin."
Breedlove heard a door open and close, followed by several voices.
"That's them," said Alessandro as he made for the door. "I'll go and get them."
Breedlove couldn't believe how lucky she was to have survived. She checked to see if Vlodlav had shot her, but it seemed she had fallen back at the right time not to get hit by his bullet. She remembered hitting the water and then taking off her dress, but after that it was a total blank. Her next image was of a shocked Alessandro looking down at her. 
The door to the box room opened, and in walked a middle aged woman wrapped in a brown shawl. Alessandro followed behind her like a loyal dog.
"You’re English?" she said, her tone bitter and sharp. 
"I am," said Breedlove. "I would like to thank you for your help. You must be proud of your son."
"Alessandro spends too much time by those rocks when he should be at school."
Breedlove had an inkling Alessandro's mother didn't like her. 
"I will make sure you are reimbursed for your troubles,” said Breedlove.
Alessandro's mother turned to look at the oval window as the wind pushed the panes and rain lashed against it.
"There's no need for that," she said. "As soon as you’re fit, I would like you to leave."
Breedlove quickly remembered what Alessandro had said about God being angry with her. Breedlove presumed she was a God-fearing woman.
"I will, and thank you again for your kindness."
Breedlove heard footsteps approaching her room. Alessandro's mother stood to one side to let a rain soaked man enter. The man ran his fingers through his long straggly hair to get a good look at her, and when their eyes met, Breedlove's mouth hung ajar with shock. She was looking at a dead man.
"James!" 
"Betsy!?" said Jimmy Breedlove.

