
Praise for Me and My Ghoulfriends by Rose Pressey

“Rose Pressey spins a delightful tale with misfits and romance that makes me cheer loudly.”
Coffee Time Romance

“Her characters are alive and full of quick witted charm and will make you laugh. The plot twists keep you turning the pages non-stop.”
ParaNormalRomance

“I absolutely loved this book! It had me chuckling from the beginning.” 
Fallen Angel Reviews

Rose Pressey’s Complete Bookshelf (click title to preview/buy)

The Halloween LaVeau Series:
Book 1 – Forever Charmed

The Rylie Cruz Series:
Book 1 – How to Date a Werewolf 
Book 2 – How to Date a Vampire
Book 3 – How to Date a Demon 
The Larue Donovan Series:
Book 1 – Me and My Ghoulfriends
Book 2 – Ghouls Night Out
Book 3 – The Ghoul Next Door
The Mystic Café Series:
Book 1 – No Shoes, No Shirt, No Spells
Book 2 – Pies and Potions
The Veronica Mason Series:
Book 1 – Rock ‘n’ Roll is Undead
A Trash to Treasure Crafting Mystery:
Book 1 – Murder at Honeysuckle Hotel
The Haunted Renovation Mystery Series:
Book 1 – Flip that Haunted House
Book 2 – The Haunted Fixer Upper
Me and My Ghoulfriends
by Rose Pressey
Me and My Ghoulfriends
Copyright © 2011, Rose Pressey

Editing by Colleen Simpson




This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locale, or organizations is entirely coincidental.

All Rights Are Reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

Published in the United States of America by Rose Pressey
Dedication

This is to you, and you know who you are.



Acknowledgements

First and foremost, I would like to thank my family—Clinton, Bill, Mom and Dad—your support means everything to me. My four fabulous brothers: Terry, Tim, Derek and Craig—you guys are the greatest. Thanks to Steve McAllister for always looking for my books.
Table of Contents
Copyright page
Dedication
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
About Rose Pressey
Sample chapter from Forever Charmed

Chapter 1

Dead people won’t leave me alone. 
Allow me to explain. To put it simply, I talk to the dead. As if that fact alone isn’t bad enough, a famous ghost has latched onto me. A dreadfully persistent ghost, to say the least, and somewhat of a pain in the ass. His name was… Are you ready for this? No… You wouldn’t believe me if I told you. All right, here goes… Abraham Lincoln. Yes, as in the sixteenth President of the United States.
I know. I know. 
I told you you wouldn’t believe me. One day, last month, I made the mistake of visiting the historic site of Lincoln’s birthplace, and guess who was hanging around? You got it, Abe Lincoln. He spotted me eyeing him right away, and he knew in an instant I could see him. The next thing I knew, he was sitting in the back seat of my car, impatiently waiting for a ride. It took me forever to convince him to scoot over in the seat. I had to explain it was either scoot over, or lose the hat. I couldn’t see out the rear view mirror. 
So welcome to my world! I’m Larue Donavan, psychic medium and ghostbuster.
I was standing in the middle of a haunted mansion on my latest investigation, a place comparable to Disneyworld’s Haunted Mansion. The distinct feeling of someone’s hand on my upper arm had been undeniable. Icy fingers had coiled around my shoulder. My heart thumped, and if I’d looked close I was sure I could have seen my shirt moving with every thud. You’d think I’d be used to this sort of thing by now. Like I said, I’d been seeing dead people ever since I could remember.
Adrenaline rushed through me like a gushing river as I slowly placed my foot on the step in front of me and forced the other one to do the same. The stairs made a creaking noise with every step I took, just like in the horror movies we’ve all watched, wide-eyed and terrified, at three a.m. 
Heavy clomps from what I recognized as boots were following dangerously close to me. However, they weren’t mystery footsteps; I knew—without a doubt—whose boots were clipping at my heels. Honest Abe had followed me on yet another exploration of the unknown. It was pretty sad when a ghost hunter brought spirits with them on an investigation. Good thing the clients didn’t know.
“You’re reaching your late twenties soon, dear. All the good ones will be taken.” 
I tried to tune him out, but it never worked. No matter how much I tried to ignore his mid-eighteen-hundreds dating-savvy comments it was nearly impossible. How could I concentrate on the task at hand with comments like those in my ear? 
“I can help you find a husband if you’d like?”
“Thanks, but I’m good.”
That Abe, he sure did like to remind me I didn’t have a husband yet. I’d told him again and again it was hard to find a husband without ever having a date. Being dateless was the price I had to pay for living in such a small town. Nonetheless, my social calendar was booked—So what if it was with non-romantic dates from the spirit world?
Ever since I’d been a child I’d always had someone around, and by someone I mean a ghost. Most of the time it was just a poor lost soul who didn’t realize they’d died, but sometimes, perhaps, they just had unfinished business. Some took longer than others to cross over and it was always a struggle to help them. Abe was one of the hard ones.
On a whim, three years ago, I’d become a ghost hunter. Helping terrified people overcome their fears and ridding them of unwelcome spiritual visitors had become my fate. I figured what the hell, if dead people were talking to me anyway, I might as well lend a hand to a few frightened folks. Of course, it wasn’t my day job; by day I worked in my bookstore. However, when darkness fell—or the witching hour, as I referred to it—arrived, I liked to pursue the unknown. I had dealt with my share of demons over the years, and this was my little way of helping all humankind. 
I gazed up at the dark form I’d been trailing ever since I’d felt that icy grip. It crossed the top of the stairs, as if taunting me, ready for a chase. It didn’t know what was in store for it, teasing me like that. I may be small, five foot two to be exact, but I packed a powerful punch. At least I envisioned that I did. 
All right, who was I kidding? I was no Buffy the Vampire Slayer, but I tried. I had my share of tricks up my sleeve to rid a building of unwanted visitors. Slowly I made my way up each step, hoping some unseen force wouldn’t push me to the bottom. I was positive Abe wouldn’t be much help in that situation. I could see the whole scene in my mind. President Lincoln would be reminding me that I was husbandless as I lay stretched out across the floor, bloody and bruised.
“Would you stop making that awful noise in my ear?” I snapped at Abe.
For heaven’s sake, did he have to walk so darn close? I got the sneaking impression he was afraid of ghosts.
As I reached the top of the old stairs, a frigid breeze zipped past, almost knocking the wind out of me. A bitter chill rippled down my spine. I prayed the spirit wouldn’t attach itself to me. I did not need another busy-body right now.
“You’ll never meet anyone hanging around scary places such as this one. What about that handsome fellow who came into your shop the other day?” 
“Shush! You need to go and wait for me in the car. I’ll be finished soon. Now skedaddle.” I waved my hand in his direction and flashed him a stern glare. He sulked back to the front door, crestfallen.
Bless his heart. I felt guilty for snapping at him like that, but enough was enough from him. I knew all too well my dating life sucked; I didn’t need him to reaffirm that for me. 
Quickly, I darted to my immediate right and aimed my gun to get a reading. (Don’t worry, it’s not a gun with bullets or anything, it just reads the temperature.) If cold air was present, I knew a ghost was near. Forty-five degrees and dropping. I let out a mouthful of air, and mist escaped my lips, wildly whipping around the space in front of me. Something supernatural was definitely going on in the house. 
As I stood there with the cold circling around me, I heard a faint whisper from the bedroom directly in front of me. Then, just as quickly as it had started, the icy chill disappeared. 
I thrust the gun up again, pointed it in the same direction and pulled the trigger. The temperature had risen back to a steady sixty-two degrees. I knew the spirit had been there and was trying to show himself to me, but he wasn’t having an easy time of it. Another one of the difficult ones.
What would I tell the homeowners if I couldn’t do away with the apparition? They’d been so desperate to get rid of the pesky spirit. Was I supposed to tell them they’d just have to deal with it? That was easier said than done.
I moved forward, entering the room where I’d heard the whispers, and where I suspected the shadowy form had vanished. Suddenly, I had an eerie feeling I was dealing with more than one entity, and that neither one of them wanted me around. 
Great. A mob of ghosts ganging up on me. Little by little, I approached the door, and then grasped the antique doorknob. It rattled slightly as I twisted. Slowly, I leaned my head into the room, grabbed the camera dangling from my neck and snapped half a dozen pictures. 
Then, in an instant, he appeared beside the iron bed in the corner of the room. At first, he was just a misty silhouette. Then, he took on a human appearance right before my eyes. After all these years that still spooked me. What can I say? I’m still a scaredy-cat sometimes. 
Within seconds, his features were very clear. Although he was still transparent, I could make out his expressive eyes, small nose and thin lips. The ghost wore a uniform. Yes, now I recognized it, a uniform I’d seen before, gray with golden tassels. He was a Confederate soldier. 
What would he do if I went to the car and came back with President Lincoln? That would almost be worth the dating comments I had to endure. I decided against it—it may backfire on me. The spirit stared at me at first with a stern look in his dark eyes, making my heart beat just a little faster with anticipation. But then they softened the minute I spoke to him. 
“I’m Larue, and I’m here to help you,” I said softly.
Of course, he didn’t actually speak like you and I do, instead it was a telepathic message sent directly to me. I heard my ghost hunting partners downstairs making a little noise. It wasn’t loud, but I prayed they wouldn’t scare the apparition away. 
I know, scare a ghost away, how does that happen? Remember, they were once people just like us, and their souls are the same as they always were. They get scared too. Thankfully, my ghostly soldier still stood there, unfazed by the noise. It’s as if I’d put him in a trance. I had a feeling he was grateful to have someone communicate with him. 
“I need to get back to my men, they need me. I’m lost here and I don’t know what to do,” he said.
His voice was powerful and I was sure he’d commanded attention with it everywhere he went, in his day. But oh dear, he thought the war was still being fought. 
“You have to move on. The war is long over. All of your loved ones are waiting for you,” I offered.
I could sense the hesitancy in his features. 
He tensed up. Clearly, he was confused and didn’t know if he should believe me. If I were him, I wouldn’t believe me.
After a long pause I asked, “Do you remember anything? How long you have been here?” 
I frowned, unable to hold back my sad emotions. Gloom was hanging in the air, emanating from the dead solider. I felt so bad for him I wanted to offer him a big hug. 
“I remember being shot and coming to this house. I believe it was in use as a hospital. I’ve been here ever since,” he said as he lowered his head, staring at his boots.
What must it be like to be so confused and stuck in one place for so long? Heck, that would drive me batty. It was my job to help him and convince him to move on, but I sensed he didn’t truly understand the full breadth of the situation yet. 
“You do want to see your relatives right? Perhaps you had a wife, children or parents?”
“I have a wife and four children. I miss them terribly.” He didn’t lift his head to look at me as he answered.
“You have to realize there is nothing left for you here. Your wife is waiting for you in the light. Have you seen the bright light before?”
“Yes, I’ve seen it. I don’t want to go to it. It appears every once in a while, but I have to stay here.” He raised his voice, and it boomed loudly in my head. His voice was austere.
“Your wife is in the light. I promise you. You will see her again if you go into the light,” I pleaded.
He looked intently at me, contemplating what I’d just said.
“I don’t understand why I can’t see her here.” His voice dropped to almost a whisper.
How was I going to put it to him delicately? “Sir, you’re dead.” Okay, so that wasn’t very delicate. I never said I was perfect at my job. “You died many years ago. You can’t stay here any longer. You have to leave.”
“I’m dead?”
I nodded. “Yes, dead.” As in no longer available. A goner.
He shook his head no, and I continued to nod yes for several seconds as we silently argued the fact. It was getting me nowhere.
Finally, I said, “If you picture the light in your mind, it will appear. Can you do that for me? Remember you’ll see your wife and children again, I promise.” 
I watched him anxiously, waiting to see what he would do next. Would he disappear through the wall without listening to me? Could I get that lucky? I had promised the homeowners I’d do everything I could do to get rid of the haunting. 
Unfortunately, I didn’t have a big magic gun like Dan Aykroyd in Ghostbusters so I could suck up a spirit. Instead, I had to rely on my personality to talk a ghost over. Kind of like you’d talk someone suicidal down off of a ledge. It was inevitable some ghosts just wouldn’t like me and wouldn’t listen to a thing I said. There was nothing I could do about that, although I’d quickly gotten a name for being able to talk to ghosts easily, so I prayed this time would uphold my reputation.
I watched the soldier closely. His expression changed slightly and I held my breath, waiting for him to summon the light. After a minute passed, I once again encouraged him to go into the light. 
“Walk toward the light. Go to your family,” I pressed. I wanted to grab him and shove him into it, but I knew that wouldn’t work. Waiting for ghosts to move on always had made me a nervous wreck. I could feel my palms turning clammy with each passing second. It was all I could do not to bite my nails off with the worry.
He turned, his back facing me, and walked toward the window. I held my breath. Within seconds he went from full apparition to misty form and then, poof, he was gone. I let out a sigh of relief; he’d moved on surprisingly easily. I could count on one hand how many times it had been that easy to help someone cross over to the light. It usually took several tries. 
The homeowners would be happy with the news. 
People often ask me what got me started in this line of work and, besides the fact dead people wouldn’t leave me alone (that was the big reason), there was always a fascination with the unknown for me. I’d always been interested in the paranormal even without the daily visits from the dearly departed. 
Late at night when I was young, I would lie awake, staring at the glow of my nightlight and ask myself questions like, Could I really be turned into a werewolf? I didn’t know which was more likely: aliens or Bigfoot. As terrified as I might have been, I never avoided scary movies, although Dracula frightened the heebie-jeebies out of me. And do not get me started on zombies—I wouldn’t even discuss them. I often searched the sky for UFOs; I have never seen one, although that was probably a good thing. 
It was getting late and I was exhausted, but I could have sworn there were two spirits in the home. There was no sign of another spirit hanging around now, so I must have been wrong. Like I said, I’m not perfect at my job. 
Warning the homeowners to keep their eyes out for anything else strange that may happen was at the top of my ‘to do’ list. Spinning around, my shoes clicking loudly on the old floor, I walked to the door. I tilted my head for one final glance back to where the spirit had been; it sure felt good to help someone. My job here was done. 
*

It had been late when I’d finally arrived home at my little farmhouse on the outskirts of town. I woke up with the typical hangover feeling I always got after confronting a ghost. The standard headache with dry cottonmouth, but never the fun party memories from a night of drinking that you get from a real hangover. My cellphone rang loudly, increasing the throbbing in my head as I jumped out of the shower. Glancing at the clock, I saw it read seven a.m. as I stumbled over my rug trying to grab the phone before it stopped ringing. 
I snatched it up, out of breath, and gasped, “Hello?” even though I knew there was only one person who’d be calling me this early in the morning: my best friend, Mindy. Actually, she was the only one allowed to call this early. I had banned my mother from calling at that time of the morning a long time ago, although she really didn’t listen very well because she still did it on occasion. It was far too difficult to deal with her badgering me before a heavy dose of caffeine.
“You know what today is?” The words sang out from the receiver. 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Thursday?” 
“Don’t play coy with me. You know what I’m talking about.” 
I chuckled. 
“You have to get coffee from the new shop. When someone that gorgeous is that close, you have to check that out.” 
“Check what out, the coffee?” 
She laughed. “That too.” 
“He’s probably married. That’s always my luck.” 
“Well, if you don’t go in there, I will.” 
“You have a boyfriend. Why do you need to go in? I’m the one who, to hear everyone tell it, is in desperate need of a date.” 
“Do I sense a bit of jealousy?” 
“I gotta go to work.” 
I hung up and finished dressing for work. I was glad Mindy didn’t know that I took just a little while longer to dress for work than I normally did. Maybe I did need a tall cup of coffee to start my work day.
Chapter 2

I spotted Brianna across the street, standing in her store; she definitely had the catbird seat for all of the action outside. She wanted to see and be seen. Mostly seen. Mannequins were posed stylishly in the windows with the latest fashions. Brianna could have easily passed for one of those plastic figures. 
I suspected she was probably cursing me under her breath when she caught me watching her. She threw up her hand in a pathetic attempt at a friendly wave. Brianna had never liked me, so I knew she was just being facetious every time she acknowledged my presence. I couldn’t figure out exactly what I had done to make her loathe me, but I kind of thought she just didn’t like anyone, so I tried not to take it personally. 
Brianna Garret was a transplant to our little town. She’d married the president of a large bourbon company located on its outskirts and had reluctantly planted roots here to be with him. The way I heard it, she threw one heck of a hissy fit her first night in Magnolia because there wasn’t a decent beauty salon or a Starbucks. 
Too bad when they’d divorced she’d decided to stay. I never understood why she didn’t go back to the big city; she was always raving about how much she loved it there. Plenty of people around here wished she had gone, including me. 
I threw up my hand to mimic her half-hearted wave. Oh God… she was coming. She had tried to be friendly to me on several occasions, but it was painfully obvious it was all an act. Brianna strolled across the street and, all the while, traffic stopped just for her. The door to my bookstore, Book Nook, opened, and she sashayed through. 
Down the aisle she came, as if it was her runway, swinging her hips effortlessly from side to side. I wondered how many hours she’d spent perfecting that strut. Such a walk could never come naturally. 
Her hair was in one of those short spiky styles. Something I would never have the nerve to attempt. I was perfectly happy with my long dark locks; my hairstyle was not boring, but definitely not so over-the-top bold like hers. Most of the time I just pulled my hair back into a ponytail; it stays out of my eyes, which makes it easier to hunt for ghosts.
Every little blond spike on top of her head looked as if it had been purposely positioned, as if every strand had its place and Brianna knew exactly how to put it there. 
“Hi, Brianna,” I said, trying to hide my disappointment that she was standing in my store. 
“Hi, Larue,” she said dryly. 
Clearly she felt the same way I did. 
“Just thought I’d stop in and congratulate you on winning that award,” she said, not looking at me, but instead picking a non-existent piece of fuzz from her too-short skirt. 
I’d recently been recognized by the state as an exceptional female small business owner. Brianna had not been recognized, and she was not pleased, even if she did try to hide it. Brianna owned a high-end women’s clothing boutique in designer fashions—she catered to all the rich women in town. I remembered hearing her complain about having nowhere decent to shop when she first came to this place I called home, and in no time she’d opened her own store. 
Rumor has it she envisioned herself in Manhattan rather than downtown Magnolia. 
Don’t get me wrong, I love designer clothes as much as the next girl and, from the looks of my closet, maybe even a little more. However, I felt there was a time and place for every outfit. And eleven a.m. on a Monday was not the time to wear the latest Christian Louboutin, not in Magnolia. 
As I glanced down to inspect Brianna’s latest shoe purchase (five-inch sassy red cork-heeled pumps) I had to admit they were gorgeous. Although, I could never work all day standing in my shop wearing those. My dogs would be barking way before noon. 
“Thanks,” I said, staring at her, waiting to find out what she really wanted. I refused to believe she’d come over just for that. She wasn’t exactly the type to offer congratulations to anyone.
Brianna stared back without saying a word. Silence was suspended in the air. It was like a showdown to see who would speak next. 
She picked up a book nearby and glanced at the back cover, then finally said, “So, I guess you saw there’s a new coffee shop opening today?”
And there it was, the real reason she was there. Why had she even tried to fake the congratulations? She should have just come out with the truth to begin with. Without a doubt, that would have been too easy, though.
“Yes, I saw.” I didn’t offer any more details, especially not the tiny detail that I thought the owner of said coffee shop was gorgeous. Although I suspected she already knew that or she wouldn’t be standing in front of me talking about it. I knew what she was up to; she was trying to feel me out to see if I’d already met him. No doubt she wanted to get her claws into him. I didn’t have time for her silly games, I had a business to run. 
“Have you met the owner yet?”
“No, I haven’t. I’m sure I’ll do the neighborly thing soon and stop in and say hello.” I couldn’t resist adding that last part.
“Well, I’ve met him already and he is darling. We’re practically like this.” She held up her two brightly polished fingers and crossed them, indicating they were apparently the best of friends.
So she was letting me know she had her eye on him. She was staking her claim. Whatever; she could have him. If he was interested in her then I didn’t want anything to do with him. But since Brianna had been known to stretch the truth, I doubted they were that close. 
“That’s great Brianna. Look, I’ve got a lot of work to get done. So maybe we could discuss the new guy in town later?”
She gave me an irritated look. “Yeah, I have a lot of work too. I need to get back before the crowd swamps me.” She took a quick look around my empty store.
As she turned, I rolled my eyes behind her back. 
Abraham Lincoln had been listening intently to the entire conversation, standing at the counter just inches away from Brianna. Oh how I wish he’d have appeared and scared the hell out of her. He shook his head in disapproval, not at my eye rolling, but just at Brianna in general. 
Even he didn’t like her, and I thought he liked everyone. Well, with the exception of, um… I couldn’t think of one enemy of President Lincoln’s. He was always willing to forgive. I, on the other hand, was not so forgiving. 
“Good riddance,” I said, as she drifted out the door.
Later that morning, I stopped just short of the coffee shop window, which was a few steps to the side and to the front of me. I smoothed down my favorite black top, fluffed my hair back, then held my hand over my mouth and blew. Breath seemed to be okay. I gathered my thoughts, then forced my foot to take another step. I grabbed the handle, pushed the rickety door open, and strolled inside. 
There was no turning back at that point. My heart flip-flopped when I saw him behind the counter, pouring what was probably some complicated drink for the lone customer in the shop. He was perfect. 
Short dark hair, dazzling blue eyes, and lips so full any Hollywood it-girl would be jealous. Although his lips weren’t the least bit feminine, not in the slightest. They were, I happened to notice, very kissable. Yes, as I stared at him I realized he might have possessed the most kissable lips I’d ever laid eyes on. 
His coffee shop, Full Cup Coffeehouse, was cozy, like so many of the other stores along the main street in town. Right next door to mine. We shared the same historic building. Hmmm. That’s not all I’d like to share with him. 
Exposed brick walls with prints of different style coffee cups and mugs covered them. Oversized leather chairs were placed into groupings with cherry-wood tables in the middle. It was the perfect mixture of old and new. 
The intoxicating aroma of coffee swirled around the room, enveloping my senses with its strong scent as I approached the counter, trying to divert my eyes from his handsome features. I studied the menu perched high on the wall above the display case. Like it even mattered what I ordered. I knew I wasn’t really there for a latte, frappuccino, or any other hot beverage for that matter. 
The woman in front of me paid for her drink and then, suddenly, I was alone with him. Damn. I should have just run. He didn’t know who I was. I could have made a dash for it and he would have never seen me ever again. 
It was all Mindy’s fault. If she hadn’t mentioned him earlier I probably wouldn’t have come over at all. All right, maybe I would have, but still… 
Movement caught my eye and I turned to look out the tall windows that lined the front of the shop. Very cute, speak of the devil. Mindy was casually strolling by and conspicuously gawking in the window at us. Very subtle note-to-self: find a new best friend. 
“May I help you?” His voice snapped my thoughts away from my ex-best friend. 
Our eyes met. I thought I might melt into the hardwood planks under my feet, like butter on a stack of pancakes. At that moment, I wasn’t sure what had come over me. I swallowed nervously. 
Around the opposite sex, I’d always tried to remain calm and collected. Granted, most of the time it didn’t work out that way, but, oh well, at least I tried. Obviously, I was still searching for Mr. Right. I’d had my share of dates from hell over the years. Because of that, I think my mother had reluctantly come to the grim conclusion I was never getting married. 
I’ll never have grandchildren, she would cry, every time I talked to her. I guess I had given her reason to worry; it had been a very long time since I’d had a date. Or at least what I considered to be a date. My last date had been disastrous. 
To my chagrin, I’d allowed my mother to set me up on a blind date with the son of one of the women from her book club. “He’s charming,” she’d said. I still couldn’t believe I had agreed to that. I guess the date wouldn’t have been so bad, if I hadn’t objected to dating a cross between a large werewolf and an octopus. Hairy, and all hands. 
I suddenly realized I’d been staring at Mr. Good-looking-coffee-shop-owner for an awkwardly long time. I tried to cover my tracks as best as I could. 
“Um. There’s so much to choose from. I’m having a hard time making a decision. I had no idea there were so many coffee possibilities.” 
His arms flexed, and muscles appeared as he moved forward to lean against the counter. Then he flashed me a full bright smile, revealing his perfect set of teeth. I’d never seen a more perfect smile. So bright and so white. 
“Please, take your time,” he said. His eyes were still focused on me.
Suddenly, I felt the blood rush to my cheeks. I was utterly embarrassed. I hoped it wasn’t painfully obvious to him I’d been checking out his rather pumped biceps. Coming to my senses slightly, and I do mean slightly, I glanced up at the menu again, pausing for a second to pick out something. Anything. Who knew there could be so many coffee options? Caffé Americano, Caramel Frappuccino, Cinnamon Dulce Latte, and the list went on and on. I could feel his eyes watching and studying me. 
All at once I felt incredibly self-conscience, which was exactly why I didn’t like dating. I wondered if he noticed the huge red blemish that had popped up on my chin over night. I thought, at the age of twenty-five, I wouldn’t have to deal with teenage torture anymore. Reluctantly, I peeled my eyes away from the chalkboard menu and tried to form my sweetest face. 
His eyes were still fixed on me and I was beginning to perspire from the nervous energy I was feeling. Was I standing on pins and needles? It sure felt like it. A bead of sweat trickled down my cheek. Talk about being scrutinized.
“I’ll take a tall chocolate covered cherry latte.”
“Excellent choice.” A smile curved his lips.
“It’s my favorite,” I said, flashing him my best grin. So far so good, I’d successfully ordered a drink. Luckily, I’d had that drink before on a trip last winter and remembered how much I loved it. 
“So I guess you came to check out the new person in town? Quite a few people have already,” he said, as he grabbed a paper cup for my order. 
“Actually, I…” I needed to think of something clever to say quickly. I didn’t want him to think I was spying on him. Although I guess technically, I was spying.
“Actually, I just needed a coffee pick-me-up this morning.” All right, that was far from clever. Even though it was hard to be clever all day without large amounts of caffeine coursing through my veins. 
I eyed him for his reaction. I hoped there would be a reaction. No reaction would mean he really didn’t care one way or the other. Maybe he was just making small talk and I was over-analyzing the entire situation. He probably chatted with everyone. That’s what coffee shop owners do, right? Of course, it had to be. Nothing to get excited about, I reminded myself. I was acting as if I had a schoolgirl crush. His eyes flickered, and I could have sworn I saw a surprised smile on his face. 
“Is that right?” His masculine arms flexed again as he reached for a new package of lids placed high on the shelf. 
My eyes were probably bulging out of my head as I stood there, transfixed. 
“I knew someone had leased this space, but I thought you would be much older.” I stumbled over my words. What was I saying? Someone needed to tape my mouth shut!
“Really?” he said. He let out a soft chuckle that ignited tiny tickles in the pit of my stomach. The hunk finished preparing my drink and handed the cup toward me with a beaming grin. 
Stretching my hand out, I grabbed the cup from him and our hands touched ever so slightly with the exchange. My hand tingled with the swap and my stomach flip-flopped. Call me crazy, but I had the distinct feeling the touch had been on purpose. 
His fingers lingered for a split second. They lingered when they didn’t have to. Relishing the tingle, I looked up from my cup and met his stare. His eyes were endlessly captivating. Was he flirting with me? No way, I must have been imagining things.
“So, who told you I was old?” he smiled. 
“Oh no. No one told me you were old. I guess I just assumed. Coffee shop. Old person.” I chuckled nervously.
What was I saying? Shut up! 
He paused, I assumed, to think of his choice of words. 
“Well, I was assuming you would be older as well. You know, bookstore owner.” He didn’t smile. 
“You know, like a bookworm or something.” He flashed a bashful grin, and then let out a hearty chuckle. 
I laughed, relieved. 
“And I’m not a bookworm?” I asked, playfully biting my lip, trying my best attempt at sexy. I’m sure I just looked stupid instead. It probably looked more like a nervous twitch than a sexy guise. 
“No. You’re not my idea of a bookworm. You’re very sexy girl-next-door.” He gazed at me with those gorgeous pale-blue eyes of his, as though he was taking in every ounce of my appearance. My pulled-back dark hair, my casual shirt, comfy jeans and new white sneakers. 
Did he like what he saw? Please let him like what he saw.
My cheeks were burning. At that point I had the distinct feeling he was trying to flirt with me. I didn’t think it was my mind playing tricks on me. He was sending off flirting signals all over the place.
“Hey! How did you know I was the bookstore owner?” I raised my eyebrow at him.
“I saw you opening up this morning.”
Of course! That was a stupid question, being right next door, he had to have seen me.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you. I’m Callahan Weiss.” 
He held out his hand. After the tingle from just the touch of his fingers, what would happen if I shook his hand?
I decided to take my chances and took his hand lightly. How could I not? It was so smooth, yet rough in all the right places.
“I’m Larue Donavan. It’s nice to meet you too.”
He blinked, as if in slow motion, then opened his eyes again. His lips had parted to utter another word when the door opened, distracting his thoughts. Damn. He stopped just as he’d begun to say something and looked at the customer. (Maybe he’d been going to ask me out?) The bad part was that his eyes were ogling whoever had just walked in the door. 
I followed his gaze to see Brianna sliding through the entrance. Didn’t the woman ever work? 
She glided to the counter, her eyes focused on Callahan the entire time. I almost expected her to push me out of the way like a running back giving me the straight arm. Her timing couldn’t have been any worse. She held his gaze and I suddenly felt like an outsider looking into their little world, as if I were intruding. 
“Hi, Callahan,” she said, breaking the silence. 
“Hi, Brianna, what can I get for you?” 
She gave him a coy little smile that had sexual undertones flashing like a neon sign all over it. It was as if she’d cast a spell on him as soon as she’d walked in the door. Entrancing him with her… with her… Heck, I wasn’t sure how she could hold him spellbound. But somehow she had. Was I somehow suddenly invisible? Finally, she acknowledged me, eyeing me up and down with a slight smirk on her face. 
“Um. Nice to meet you. I need to get back and open my store. The coffee is great,” I said, lifting my cup to him as I walked toward the door. 
I didn’t say anything to Brianna, not that she cared either way. Her eyes were once again fixed on Callahan.
“Come back soon,” he mumbled, not looking at me. 
I thought I detected something different in his voice, but I wasn’t sure what. Strangely, it did somehow sound different. I shook off the thought, sure that it was just my imagination. 
I walked hurriedly past the window, forcing myself not to look at the hottest coffee shop owner ever enjoying the company of another woman. Not just coffee shop owner, but the hottest guy I had seen in a long time. Maybe ever. 
I sighed as I ambled back to Book Nook—Brianna had struck again. I took the key from my pocket and unlocked the entrance, flipping the sign back to open as I pushed the heavy frame of the door shut behind me. 
Taking in a deep breath, I headed straight to work. The fragrance of the books encircled me and I never tired of smelling them. What could he possibly see in her besides her blonde hair, sexy eyes and great body? Okay, I guess all of those were reason enough, but take away the looks and there was just an empty shell, in my opinion. 
I tried to block what might be happening next door from my mind. Of course, President Lincoln had followed me back to Book Nook. I was hoping I’d ditched him at the coffee shop, but no such luck. Maybe, just maybe, I thought, Brianna would have captivated him as well. Abe was no dummy though, and not as easily persuaded as Callahan. He didn’t like her, there was no denying that. He was standing in the corner of the store giving me a disenchanted glare. 
“What are you staring at me for?” 
“Why did you run out of there like that? It was quite obvious to me that you were admiring the fellow.” 
“I can’t talk about this right now, a customer is coming in. So shush.” 
Abe shrugged his shoulders and looked away.
A little old woman walked through the door, her cane clanging on the threshold as she entered. With her voice crackling, she asked for the local section, and I pointed her in the right direction. 
Unfortunately, Abe was standing in that section as well. I gave him a ‘behave yourself’ look and, thankfully, with that he disappeared. 
I had a lot on my mind lately and I didn’t need him distracting me from my customers any more than I already was. I knew he’d be back soon enough, he always came back. He’d been around for a month already and didn’t seem to be in any hurry to go away any time soon. 
The bell above the front door chimed again and I snapped my head up to see who’d entered. I was hoping for another customer, but it was just Mindy. She smiled broadly as she walked toward me. I’d recognize that look anywhere; we had been friends since high school and I’d seen it way too many times. With the suspicious gleam floating in her eyes, I knew she was definitely up to something. 
“I know that look. And the answer is no,” I said, shaking my head. 
The old lady in the corner looked up from her book. She smiled, and then lowered her gaze back to the pages—she probably had a crazy best friend too. 
“You won’t be able to say no to this.” 
Mindy smiled and held up a bag, dangling it in front of my face. Instantly I recognized the sack: Dad’s Bakery. 
“No way.” I shook my head. “I need to lose five pounds as it is, and you bring those in here to tempt me? You should know better. How can I lose weight like that?” 
“I brought your favorite too. Blueberry glazed.” 
Ugh. Blueberry glazed was my all-time favorite.
“You’re evil, you temptress. Between doughnuts and the coffee, I’m going to be bouncing off the walls.” 
Mindy raised one of her perfectly arched brows as she glared at my coffee cup. 
“And where did you get that?” she asked tauntingly, bouncing her eyebrows up and down. 
I grinned and took a sip of my coffee. “It’s chocolate covered cherry!” 
“Uh huh. I did not ask what kind it was. I asked where you got it.” She glared at me expectantly. “There are only a couple of coffee shops in town. And considering one of those shops is located right next door with a whole lot of hotness in it, and by hotness I mean a hunk of a man, I’m going to venture a guess that’s where you got it.” 
She tapped her French-manicured nail on the counter, demanding an answer. The sound of her fingernail echoed through the quiet store. 
“You know very well where I got it. I saw you walk past gawking in the window and you know I saw you walk past. So quit the act because I’m not falling for it.” 
She laughed. “All right you caught me. I saw you go in there on my way to the bank. I had to pick up some cash to buy the doughnuts and, lo and behold, who do I see walking into the new coffee shop she said she wasn’t interested in? You got it, Larue Donavan.” 
“So you just came here to tease me?” 
“Actually, Miss Smarty Pants, I came to see if you needed any help today. I thought maybe you might need help straightening books or cleaning up.” 
“Yeah, right. Since when do you ever worry if I need any help?” 
She flounced out her hip and placed her hand squarely on it. “I resent that comment! You just went in there to see the new guy. Admit it.” 
“All right. All right. You caught me red handed, chocolate covered cherry in hand.” I smirked and dangled my coffee cup in front of her face. “I went next door, so what?” 
“So when are you going out with him?” Mindy slipped the doughnuts from the bag and placed them on napkins in front of us. She immediately began stuffing one in her mouth.
“Ha. I barely spoke to him.” 
I glanced over to see that Abe had reappeared and was standing next to the little old lady. I’d love to have seen her face if she’d known Abraham Lincoln was reading over her shoulder. Although I was pretty sure that would cause her to never set foot in my bookstore again. I shot Abe another warning glare to be on the safe side. 
Ignoring Mindy’s gaze I looked down at the napkin, with the tasty treat placed squarely on top, lying on the counter taunting me. The glaze on the doughnut was gleaming under the light and I couldn’t resist it any longer. I grabbed the pastry before Mindy had a chance to eat it herself. 
Damn her for bringing that evil enticement around me. My mouth was watering as I broke off a piece of the doughnut, like breaking it off in pieces would make it less fattening or make me eat less of it. Trying to ignore Abe, who was following the woman around the store at that point, I focused my eyes on my irritated friend instead; I couldn’t avoid her glare any longer. 
After stuffing the last piece of her doughnut in her mouth and practically swallowing it in one bite, she said, “Tell me, why did you barely speak to that gorgeous man? Have you completely lost your mind?”
“I spoke to him. What was I supposed to do? Ask him out?” 
She eyed me for a second, pondering the thought. 
“Yes,” she said pointedly.
“That’s never going to happen. I tried that once, remember?” I said as I put another piece of the blueberry yummy in my mouth. 
At Mindy’s urging, a couple of years ago I’d tried to ask someone out and it had been a complete disaster. Mindy had told me the editor of the local newspaper had said I was cute. The next time I saw him, I walked right up to him and asked him out. 
Turned out he wasn’t interested in me. In fact, he wasn’t interested in any women. He had a boyfriend and I don’t think he’d meant cute in the way she thought. Mindy had a tendency only to hear things the way she wanted to hear them. 
“Are you still talking about that? All right, I may recall a slight incident, but that was an honest mistake. So one time didn’t work out, it doesn’t mean you should never try again.” 
“That’s exactly what it means!” 
The old woman raised her head suspiciously and looked at us. Quickly she set down her book and walked toward the door. 
“Thank you! Come again,” I said, giving her my friendliest smile possible. 
“See what you did? You ran off my customer. Probably the only one I’ll have today,” I whispered. I flashed Mindy the evil eye. 
“Oh, she wasn’t going to buy anything anyway.” Mindy waved her hand dismissively, and then grabbed the last bite of my doughnut. 
“Hey! That’s mine.” I protested. 
She smiled sheepishly, her mouth stuffed with doughnut. “So, what did you say to him? I want details.” 
“Maybe next time I should take a recorder with me so you can have a play by play.” Hmm. Maybe I shouldn’t put ideas in her head. With Mindy, that could be a very bad thing.
Mindy laughed. “That’s a fantastic idea.” 
“He just asked me about the store and said he was expecting a bookworm and that I didn’t fit his idea of what a bookworm looks like.”
“Oh, he was flirting with you.”
I shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe he was, but it was certainly cut short when you-know-who sashayed in with her tarantula eyelashes. You know, I heard she buys cases of that mascara from Lancôme.”
“That bitch! She’s tried to get her nasty talons into every eligible bachelor in town. And her fair share of married men, too, for that matter. She needs to be stopped. Someone needs to save the men of Magnolia before it’s too late.” 
“Well, whatever. I’m too busy to worry about her.”
Mindy looked around the empty store. “Um. Yeah… I can see you’re swamped.” 
I laughed. “Well, granted the store is not that busy, but I have a lot of work coming in with my investigations.”
“Really? That’s great! What exotic locations are you headed to next?” Mindy grabbed her purse and began rooting around, finally pulling out her tiny compact.
“Well, I don’t have anything in the immediate future.” I walked over and straightened a stack of books, trying to act busy.
“Uh huh,” she said smugly as she examined my face. 
“Ugh, there she goes,” I said, pointing out the window toward Brianna. 
As if feeling our stares, she suddenly glanced to her side and gave us an evil smirk as she glided back to her shop. 
“That bitch! She’s gloating,” Mindy barked. “You’ve got to do something. Don’t let her get away with that.” 
“What am I supposed to do? I’m just going to ignore her. Maybe if I do, she’ll go away. I have work to do, I don’t have time to play her games,” I said, grabbing a stack of books. 
“Well, we’re not going to let her get by with it.” 
“We’re not?”
“Nope, we’re not.” Mindy stomped toward the door. 
I had never seen her so steamed. I was waiting for the smoke to appear billowing from her ears.
“I’ll call you later,” she said over her shoulder.
I waved her off. 
As she slipped past, Abe was shaking his head in obvious disapproval. 
“I don’t want to hear it,” I said as I meandered toward the front window. 
“It’s hard to stay out of it when I see you are smitten with the young man,” Abe said.
“I’m not smitten.”
He raised an eyebrow, which in turn tilted his stove-pipe hat on his head. I gave a sigh and went back to work. Why couldn’t everyone stay out of my non-existent dating life?
Later in the day, as I continued my daily paperwork, I wished I could have gotten a refill on my coffee. It was the best I’d ever had, and I wasn’t just saying that. Way better than Starbucks. Undoubtedly, slinking back into Full Cup would make me look incredibly desperate. So I opted against the refill. 
Just then, my cell rang and I ran over to retrieve it. Oh ha! See? I really was busy. Too bad Mindy wasn’t there to see I was getting a very important call. Damn. I hoped it wasn’t her calling. 
Who was she to judge how busy I was anyway? Her business wasn’t exactly overflowing with customers, either. Actually, I had warned her she may have started the worst business possible for our small town. She’d started one of those pole fitness studios. I mean, really, pole fitness? I could just see the little old ladies of Magnolia trotting in to learn how to pole dance. I grabbed the phone and flipped it open. 
“Hello?” I said breezily.
“Larue Donavan?”
“Yes, this is Larue.”
“Hi Larue, my name is Monica Walker. I was given your number by the National Ghost Investigators Society.”
“Hi, Monica. What can I do for you?”
“I’m the director at the Manchester Mansion in Greensburg. Have you heard of us?”
“As a matter of fact I have. I’ve heard you’ve got quite a haunting going on there.”
“It appears that we do. It’s been getting worse ever since we began construction work on the mansion. I had no idea a little construction work could stir up such bizarre activity. But I guess that’s what happened. Honestly, we don’t know what to do. We’re at our wits’ end. I really can’t handle it anymore. I decided to find someone to help and that’s when I found you. I’ve heard you’re the best person to contact for these things. You do get rid of ghosts? At least that’s what I was told.”
“I’m so glad you called, Monica. I’d love to help you any way I can, and I’ll do my best. Can you tell me what’s been happening there? Just share some of the encounters with me?”
“Well, like I said, about a year ago we began some maintenance work on the mansion. It’s needed repairs for years, but we’ve just recently gotten the funding for it. After the work began, strange occurrences started. At first, the workers’ tools would vanish, only to be found later in the exact location they’d left them. I was witness to that with my own eyes. Then voices could be heard throughout the mansion, murmurs really. Sometimes you can make out words and I’ve even heard my name called out, as well. Recently, people have spotted an apparition. And… This is very hard for me to say…” She paused.
“I understand how frightening all of this can be for you. Please remember I’m here to help you any way I can. You can tell me anything, I’ve seen it all.” 
“I was…” she paused again, and let out a pent-up breath. 
Clearly, she had reasons to be very frightened by her experiences with the unknown. I sympathized with her because I knew how terrifying it could be. I could sense the uneasiness oozing through the receiver like current flowing through wires. What could have scared her so badly? I was about to find out for myself.
“I was violently pushed down the stairs yesterday,” she finally mumbled. 
“I’m so sorry to hear that. Were you injured? Are you all right? That’s absolutely terrible.” 
“Needless to say, I was extremely shaken up. I feel like I can’t go back to work until this spirit or whatever it is, is gone. I just can’t force myself to go in there before something is done. I pray you can help me.” 
“Don’t worry, I can help you. I can be there as early as this weekend. Would that work for you?”
“Two days?” She hesitated. “Yes, I suppose that will be fine,” she said reluctantly. “I’ll take tomorrow off. Like I said, I can’t go in there.”
“I’d come sooner, but I’ll have to get someone to run my store for me. I’m terribly sorry I can’t make it before that.” 
“I understand completely. I’m just thankful for your help. I hope it’s not too big an inconvenience for you?”
The bell chimed and I glanced up to see who had entered. My stomach did a somersault when I saw who was steadily walking toward me.
Chapter 3

Callahan and his gorgeous smile were moving my way. The best way I would describe my expression would probably be gawking. I was gawking at him. I couldn’t believe my eyes.
“Hello, Miss Donavan? Are you still there?” Monica’s voice snapped me from my musings. 
“Um, er. Yes, I’m still here. Sorry, I had a customer walk in. I’ll take down your number and give you a call as soon as I arrive in Greensburg.”
“Thank you so much, this means so much to me. You have no idea how much this means to me.” 
“Maybe you’d better not thank me until your problem is solved.” I didn’t want her to get her hopes up too much. What if I couldn’t get rid of the spirit?
Callahan was eyeing me as he leafed through Stephen King’s latest book. What could he possibly be doing here? Duh. I’m so stupid. Of course, he’d come for a book. Why else would he be in a bookstore? 
But… What if by some crazy chance he’d come to ask me out? Maybe he would take me to the new fabulous French restaurant in town; we’d have wine and gourmet food, then we would go for a leisurely stroll in the park and gaze up at the twinkling stars, chatting for hours. He’d tell me how beautiful I looked, and of course I’d be unbelievably witty and charming the entire evening, making him laugh and immediately fall in love with me.
 Monica jarred me back again as she rattled off her phone number. I had to get off the phone with her, pronto. With all the long pauses I was giving her, if I didn’t, she’d think I was even more nuts than she probably already did. Most people thought that about me because of my hobby anyway. 
Grabbing a pen, I scribbled her number on the pad of paper next to me.
“I got it. I’ll call you soon, all right, Monica?”
“All right, Miss Donavan, and thanks again.” 
“You’re welcome. And please, call me Larue.” 
Callahan smiled, peeking above his book, flashing his glittering blue eyes at me. Swoon.
“Thanks, Larue.”
I clicked off from Monica, almost wishing I still had the phone between Callahan and me. At least then I wouldn’t have to talk with him, because honestly, I worried I’d say all the wrong things. I slowly put the phone down and nervously smiled at him. The silence between us was quickly becoming very awkward. 
“I’ve been meaning to buy a new book for some time now,” he said as he raised the book in a gesture for emphasis. 
“Well, you sure came to the right place then. I have tons of books.” I laughed. Did I really just say that? So much for me being witty and charming. Less than a minute into the conversation, and that fantasy was already shattered to pieces. 
“Yes, I suppose I did.” He laughed. 
Callahan looked down at the table full of books in front of him. 
I tried to read his face, maybe it would give be a clue as to why he was there; had he really come to buy a book? Whatever the reason for his unexpected visit, I wasn’t complaining. I could certainly become accustomed to his gorgeous face. 
Mindy would be pissed when she found out he had come over and I hadn’t tape recorded our entire conversation. I hoped I could hang onto every word to give her a play by play. Moving out from behind the counter, I forced my legs to walk toward him. If it weren’t for him thinking I was completely insane, I would have helped my legs along by placing my hands on them and forcing each leg to take another step. At that point they needed the help, before I became frozen to the spot. Finally, I moved. 
As I inched closer to Callahan, Abe popped up directly behind him. Standing there with his suit and huge hat, beaming with a smile from ear to ear. Uh oh! That meant nothing but trouble.
“Are you all right?” Callahan asked. He’d noticed my displeased expression. 
“Um…” Think fast. “You have a bug on your shoulder.” 
I reached over and pulled the imaginary creature from his shoulder as Abe watched with a sly smile on his face. He knew I hated it when he did that. I’d warned him repeatedly: Do not pop up when others are around, it’s enormously distracting. 
“I got it!” 
I threw the imaginary bug on the ground, stomped it feverishly and looked back up at his face to read his expression. By the look of his scrunched nose and eyes, he must have thought it was the vilest insect ever.
At that moment, the sunlight flowed past a break in the clouds, gleaming through the window, hitting Callahan right in his eyes; he squinted to see me. I was thankful for his momentary blurred vision because maybe now he wouldn’t see me glaring at Abe. I needed to think of something to say quickly. I usually had no problems with conversation, but around him I was tongue-tied. 
Finally, I said, “So, do you need some help picking out a book?” 
I figured I’d just treat him like an ordinary customer. That was the best idea I could come up with, at the moment. But, sadly, curiosity was plucking away at me and I truly wanted him to be there for me. Not just some book.
“I… I think I’ll take this one,” he stammered. 
He fidgeted. If I hadn’t known better, I’d have sworn he was nervous. 
“Excellent choice. I loved that book. I really think you’ll like it too.” I smiled at him. 
His gaze locked on me. 
I swallowed hard and bit my lip, thinking about the situation at hand. I soon realized my heart was pitter-pattering worse than it ever had during any of my ghost hunts. Without giving a second thought, I glanced over at Abe who was still lingering where I didn’t want him to. 
With a wave of his hand, he motioned for me to continue the conversation. Prodding me to move forward in the dialogue. 
I raised my eyebrow and eyed him agitatedly, mouthing be quiet in his direction. Only problem was, I forgot Callahan was still watching me. He had moved away from the sun and could now see me. 
“Did you say something?” 
“I’ll ring that up for you.” I said as I grabbed the book from his hands. 
Whew. More quick thinking, except now he probably thought I was trying to get rid of him. Again, my mind was trying to think of something clever to say so he wouldn’t think I was completely nuts. Nothing came out. Apparently, talking to dead people was much easier for me than talking to live ones. 
I trudged over to the register and he obediently followed. Slowly I pushed at the buttons on the register, turning to look at him and smile every few seconds. After giving him his total, I met his gaze. If he continued to look at me with those piercing baby blues, he could have anything in the store he wanted. And that wasn’t limited to books, either. Suddenly, his eyes shifted and I quickly handed him his change. I didn’t dare touch his fingers, I did not know what I would do if I did. 
“Um. I was wondering…” he said.
I swallowed hard. What was he going to ask? Oh God, what if he were asking me for a discount?
“Would you be interested in joining me for dinner sometime?” 
Yay! He hadn’t asked for a discount on his purchase… Remain calm. 
I didn’t know exactly what to say. Did I answer right away or play it cool? Who am I kidding? I doubt I could actually play it cool even if I tried. I needed to say something soon because the pause was beginning to be very weird. 
“Yes, I’d like that.” All the debating in my mind and that was the best answer I could think up. It served its purpose though, because I had just agreed to go to dinner with Mr. Yummy. Now, if I could remember not to call him that to his face, I’d be okay. 
“How about tomorrow night?”
Abe was nodding yes feverishly. 
I glanced away from him and focused my eyes on Callahan. 
“I… yes, that would be fine.” Tomorrow night would be more than fine, it would be fabulous.
“Do you have plans?” He gave me an uncertain look. 
If he only knew.
He continued, “If you do I understand completely. I know it’s really short notice.” 
“No!” 
All right, that wasn’t meant to come out as a scream.
“Er… No,” I said calmly. “I do have to go out of town this weekend, but I’m not leaving until Saturday morning, so tomorrow night would be fine.” 
I tried to remain calm.
“You’re sure?” He flashed me a concerned look. Callahan scooped up his bag with his purchase tucked securely inside.
“I’m positive.” I smiled. 
“Should I pick you up at seven, then?”
“That sounds perfect. Do you want to meet me here?” 
“I can pick you up at your home, if you’d like. Although, being new in town, I might need a map.”
“No maps necessary. I have a few errands to run, so I can meet you here.”
“I’ll be here at seven, then,” he said, showing me his dazzling white smile. 
My stomach tingled again. How did he make my body have such magnificent reactions? 
“I’m looking forward to it,” he added. 
I was giddy. I had to try to contain myself. Breathe. 
Mindy would be beside herself when I told her he had asked me out. Pee-her-pants excited, she would say. 
I inhaled deeply and said, “I’m looking forward to it, too.” I instinctively bit my lip; bad habit I had. In that instance, it was my way of making a weak attempt to flirt. I wondered if it were working.
The sun was still glinting in the window, this time blanketing a magical gold color around the room and across Mr. Yummy’s face, not directly in his eyes now, though. His face sparkled as the dust motes glided effortlessly through the air. As he turned around to leave he pivoted on his heels and then he walked backward for a few steps, waving goodbye all the while. 
I must have been dreaming. Dropped down in front of me was a little piece of heaven, and I was grateful. Okay, that was corny, but seriously, I was excited. 
Abe chuckled from the corner of the room; once again, I ignored him. The more I ignored him maybe the sooner he would cross over. If I looked his way, it would only encourage him. 
Callahan disappeared out the door and around the corner. 
I couldn’t wait to ring Mindy to tell her the exciting news. Across the street, peeking out from the window watching me, I noticed a little head. I swear I could sense the hate from all the way across the street, wafting through the air like stink from a skunk. Brianna was glaring at the scene of Callahan leaving my store, and I knew it really pissed her off to see him anywhere near me. 
She was none too happy. By the glare on her face, I could tell she was quite possibly declaring war on me. Operation Get Rid of Larue. 
I turned away from the window and tried to force her evil stares to the back of my mind. I scrambled over, grabbed my cellphone, and punched in Mindy’s number as fast as my fingers would dial. After several rings, she finally picked up. 
“I was ready to hang up. What took you so long?” I snorted.
“Aren’t you Miss Impatient today? What’s so urgent? What’s going on?” 
“Oh, nothing much. Other than gorgeous coffee shop owner just came over here and asked me out for dinner tomorrow night,” I said casually. 
I nonchalantly studied my pink-painted nails, as if she could see what I was doing through the phone. I was totally in control and calm. All right, who was I kidding? I was panicked. 
“Get out! You’re kidding me? You can’t be serious!” she yelled.
“Would I kid about something that serious? Seriously. And, for that matter, is it really all that unbelievable that he would ask me out?” 
“No. No. That’s not what I meant. Okay, maybe that’s what I meant, a little.” She laughed.
“Very funny,” I snorted. 
“I want every detail,” she demanded.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t record the conversation, so I don’t have every detail. He just came over and bought a book.”
“Which book?”
“Does it really matter which book?”
“Of course it matters which book. Don’t be silly. I mean, you can tell a lot about someone by which book he reads. Was it for him or was it a gift?”
“It was for him; at least he said it was.”
“All right then, so was it like a self-help book? Because he could have some serious issues he’s trying to correct.”
“Um… No self-help books, no how to rid yourself of an annoying best friend book or anything like that either.” 
“Funny.” 
“Don’t worry, it was Stephen King’s latest.”
“Oh well… I suppose that’s all right. Continue.”
“Anyway, as I was saying, as he was paying for the book he asked me out to dinner.” 
As I said the words aloud, a rush of panic flooded me just thinking about my closet. What was I going to wear? I had no date attire; when you don’t date, you don’t need date clothing. I had a serious dilemma on my hands. All right, my closet was overflowing, but going out with Callahan required donning something extra special.
“What am I going to wear?” I screeched into the phone.
The bell chimed again, and I looked up to see a woman with a small child walk in. I covered the phone and greeted them. 
Mindy was still chatting away about my pitiful wardrobe. “We’ll just have to go shopping,” she finished, finally taking a breather. 
“Fine. Meet me here at six and we’ll go. But do not even suggest going to Brianna’s shop. I refuse to go in there. She saw Callahan leave the store and I’m convinced she’ll probably put out a hit on me. You know, murder for hire, that sort of thing.”
“What? Don’t be ridiculous! That’s exactly where we are going. I can’t wait to rub it in her face,” Mindy snorted.
Chapter 4

I couldn’t say for sure where Mindy’s hatred of Brianna had come from, but it was evident. She couldn’t have made it more apparent if she’d rented a billboard along the I-65. As a matter of fact, I couldn’t say I blamed her for her loathsome feelings, either. 
Unquestionably, Brianna didn’t have many friends in town. More than likely because she was the kind of friend who’d tell you that you looked fabulous as you walked out the door for a date with Mr. Wonderful when, in reality, you looked like a deranged clown. 
I could hear Brianna now, “Oh, yeah, Larue…” She’d snicker. “You look gorgeous. Just like a model…I think you need just a smidgen more paint…er, I mean, here use some of my blush.” 
Brianna certainly didn’t hesitate to give lots of people reasons to hate her. I had my own living grown-up version of Nelly Olsen. All Brianna needed were the golden ringlets and petticoat.
“Ugh. I have a bad feeling about this. It can’t turn out good.” 
“What’s the worst that can happen?” 
“What’s the worst that can happen? I’ll tell you. First, one thing that could happen is I’m giving her some of my hard-earned cash. Secondly, she may kill us both.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous. I’ll even pay for the outfit.” 
“You must really hate her if you’re willing to let go of money.” A free outfit was tempting.
“You got it.” Mindy grunted.
“Fine, meet me here at six and we’ll go. Listen, I have to run. I have a customer and I don’t want people to think I’m nuts by hearing my conversation with you.” 
“Are you sure someone is there or are you just saying that to get me off the phone?”
I didn’t answer that question.
“All right, I’ll see you at six then.” 
“Bye.” I hurried off the phone.
It probably didn’t matter if the lady had heard the conversation because it looked as if I might lose the shopper anyway. The slightly frazzled-looking woman was standing in the corner, trying to read a book jacket as her little girl zealously yanked on the leg of her pants and yelled, “Mommy, Mommy, Abraham Lincoln is standing beside you.”
Poor kid. The mother was telling her to be quiet. 
Watching the confused little girl brought back memories from when I was a child. I’d caught the same kind of treatment when I was small. No one had ever believed me when I told them I saw an invisible person. It was always my “imaginary friends,” as they’d say. 
I supposed I’d started seeing spirits since birth. My mother said I’d stare at invisible things when I was a baby. 
The first apparition I remembered was my great-grandmother Annie. She’d come into my bedroom at night, read me bedtime stories and carefully tuck the covers up tightly around me. 
My mother finally started to believe it was more than an imaginary friend when I described my great-grandmother to a tee, despite never having seen a picture of her. So that’s where it all began for me. I really could feel for the little girl standing in my store, with her perfect pigtails and pretty pink dress. She was so confused by the situation she was almost in tears. And rightfully so. I could tell her one thing for sure, it wouldn’t get any easier. The confusion caused by the whole thing never got any easier for me. 
Unfortunately, Brianna’s shop stayed open just a little later than mine did. What had I been thinking by agreeing to go into her shop? Maybe if I could stall Mindy, I could make us late, and Brianna would be closed. That way, I could avoid the entire fiasco which was inevitably going to unfold. To my regret, I had the rest of the afternoon to worry about the disaster soon to develop. I shuffled over to ask the woman if she needed any help. 
“May I help you find anything?”
“No, thank you, we’re fine. Although…” The woman laughed. “My daughter has developed an instant fascination for Abraham Lincoln. She’s been studying presidents in kindergarten, but I didn’t think she was that interested,” she said. 
I looked at the little girl nervously. 
“Yes, well I suppose that’s a good thing.” I laughed uncertainly. 
Turning my gaze, I eyed Abe, who had obtained another accomplice. A man was standing beside him and, based on the looks on their faces, they were obviously having a lively conversation over one of the new releases. 
I had no idea who the man was, but I knew by his transparency that he was not of this world. I prayed he’d go away soon. I flashed them a go-away glare when the woman wasn’t looking. 
However, the little girl saw me, and she knew I could see them too. I gave her a wink and then held my index finger up to my mouth, making a shush expression. She obviously liked having that little secret because she giggled. 
“Please let me know if you need anything,” I said, walking away. 
The woman nodded in acknowledgement and I moved over to the register and tried to pick up where I’d left off with my work, although I was finding it very hard to concentrate. Most of my thoughts were of Callahan and his incredible lips. I couldn’t even think of his body or I’d have to close shop for the rest of the day to recover. Mother and daughter paid for their biography on Lincoln, and I was left to my thoughts.
The rest of the day was uneventful. However, my nerves were on edge as I watched the clock for six, when Mindy would arrive to take me to my impending execution. At least, on a better note, my mind kept wandering to Mr. Yummy. I was thankful to have him to daydream about. 
I wondered what he was doing over there, mere steps away from me. I was envisioning his rippling muscles as he poured coffee. Okay, so he didn’t have a sexy occupation. He wasn’t a firefighter or police officer, but with looks like his, he didn’t need to be. 
At 5:45 I started becoming increasingly apprehensive about our shopping endeavor. I didn’t know why I’d always let Mindy talk me into those types of things. Throughout our entire friendship, she’d gotten us into some crazy escapades. Sure, I’d gotten myself into my fair share, but she was a master at it. 
I remembered the summer we went on vacation with her parents as if it were yesterday. We were both sixteen and, like all teenagers, a little rambunctious. Mindy conveniently forgot to tell her mother about our plans to walk along the sand that evening, and when Mindy and I set out for the beach that fateful night the shoreline was covered by water. Mindy suggested we should walk down the street to the pier instead. 
Again, she didn’t bother to share any of that information with her mother. In a panic, her mother had called the police when she’d gone to the beach and seen the tide was in and we were nowhere in sight. The coast guard went out to search the choppy waters for sharks circling our half-eaten bodies. Talk about embarrassing. 
Actually, at first we’d helped in the search because we hadn’t known for whom they were searching. We’d thought we were helping. As we stood on the pier watching the chaotic scene, the only details we knew came from a crazy-eyed stranger. He said the search was for two teenagers. Needless to say, the helicopter circling around us hadn’t helped us much with trying to impress the boys, which had been our main goal. 
I just prayed our shopping trip didn’t turn into another embarrassing search and rescue moment for me. 
Grabbing my purse, I pulled out my lip-gloss and applied a shiny fresh coat. Next, I dabbed on some mascara, and then tried not to bite my nails while waiting for Mindy. I checked my reflection once again. This was more nerve racking then any date I could imagine. Why did I let her get me into these messes? 
I glanced at my wrist, it was 5:55. Just then, the bell chimed and I snapped my head up to see Mindy waltz through the door with a sheepish grin on her face. Damn. I was hoping she’d forget about our meeting. No such luck. 
“You put on a fresh coat of lip gloss,” she screeched as she walked through the door. 
“I can’t believe you noticed that. I wanted to look my best. Or somewhat best. Brianna’s not the only one who can wear lip gloss,” I snorted.
“Hey, you’re telling me.” Mindy held her hands up in surrender. “I was going to suggest you do the exact thing when I got here. I can’t let you go over there looking like hell.” 
“Right, well, let’s get this over with,” I said, grabbing my purse and keys while heading toward the entrance. I grabbed Mindy’s arm and lassoed her to the door. I felt like a kid being ordered to the principal’s office. 
I’d had my fill of Brianna’s boutique in the past. The one and only time I’d gone in there, she’d managed to insult me repeatedly. And I thought the customer was always supposed to be right? It was all I could do not to peek over at the coffee shop as we walked down the sidewalk. Fortunately, for the sake of not embarrassing myself, Callahan closed his shop at four. As we looked both ways and crossed the street, I saw Brianna inside her store eye us suspiciously. 
“Now, make sure to mention your date with hot coffee shop guy.” 
“It’s Callahan.”
“Right,” Mindy said, her eyes wild with excitement. She almost looked possessed. 
“I don’t want to gloat.” 
“It’s not gloating. It’s just merely sharing facts about your life, that’s all.” 
Ugh. She had me there, but I didn’t want to share any facts about my life with Brianna. We walked through the door, and Brianna greeted us with a weak glance. She must have missed the memo that said you’re supposed to be nice to all customers. 
After a minute, she looked at us again and said, “Hello” in her generally all-around surly tone. 
Brianna’s shop really was nice; too bad she wasn’t. Trendy clothes lined the walls. The feminine pink walls and the raspberry striped rugs were a stark contrast to the historic building. Modern chrome and glass tables added clean lines to the space; it was very much Brianna’s taste.
As I scanned the store, I had no idea what I was even looking for. A dress? A sexy top? It was impossible to decide.
“Brianna,” Mindy said in a clipped tone. 
Brianna didn’t look up from her latest issue of Cosmo. I felt like Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, minus the hooker clothes, of course. I expected when I asked how much something cost, Brianna’s response would be ‘very expensive.’ Mindy flashed me a devilish smile and mouthed, “Watch this,” as she walked closer to the counter and tapped her finger loudly on the surface in front of her. 
“Excuse me.” 
Brianna continued to look down at her magazine. Slowly, she reared her head up as if she had to finish the last sentence in the article before being distracted by a customer. She glared at Mindy. Her eyes were like daggers and I thought at any minute she’d cut right through Mindy with them. 
“My friend here,” Mindy gestured to me, “needs something very sexy to wear.” Mindy looked in my direction and smirked. 
This was so bad I wanted to run from the building and never look back. I had warned Mindy about gloating and she wasn’t even the one going on the date. I was the one who would suffer. I didn’t like the situation I was in at all. 
“You see, she has a date with Callahan Weiss. The owner of the new coffee shop.” Suddenly, Mindy had no problem remembering his name. 
“Huh?” Brianna snorted. I could have sworn her eyes glowed red for a split second. 
“Mindy, you know, I just remembered I have that black dress I think I’ll wear,” I said. 
Mindy shot me a don’t-you-dare-leave glare. I promptly turned and slunk toward the door. Making a run for it, I felt like a prisoner running for my life. The loud clicking of Mindy’s heels rapidly approaching behind me echoed throughout the store. At that moment, I wanted to get out the door and onto the sidewalk before she tackled me as if I was holding the football. “Touchdown,” she’d exclaim. 
With a deep sigh, I escaped the horrid scene as my feet firmly hit the sidewalk in front of the boutique. As I walked away a few steps, Mindy grabbed my arm, halting me in my tracks. 
“Why did you leave?” She didn’t wait for me to answer. “Did you see the look on her face? She was furious.” Mindy chuckled. 
“I couldn’t do that, Mindy. I felt so incredibly uncomfortable. It’s obvious she hates us. I really don’t think we should antagonize her. It only makes things worse.” 
Mindy sighed and then folded her arms in front of her chest. I was pretty sure that was her way of pouting. 
“Let’s just go back to my place and raid my closet. I know I have something that’ll be just the right amount of va va voom. I’ll even mix us some drinks.” I gave her a nudge. “What do you say?” 
I felt like I was trying to bribe my three-year-old cousin to eat her broccoli. I gave her another nudge. “Come on, you know you want to make fun of the clothes in my closet. Remember that denim ruffled skirt I own? That always makes you snicker. And I know you want to gulp down a few margaritas.” I smiled. 
“You do make a mean margarita,” she said quietly. 
“There you go. Come on.” I laughed. 
As we set out to cross the street, I turned my head and looked over my shoulder. Brianna was standing at the window glaring at me. Chills ran down my spine so badly it almost felt paralyzing. Shaking off the chills, I placed my foot on the street, and the next thing I knew, I was dazed and flat on my back on the sidewalk. 
“Ugh,” I sputtered. 
“Are you all right?” Mindy croaked. 
I glanced over and saw Mindy lying next to me, her eyes were wide with fear. 
“What the hell happened?” I asked as I surveyed myself, looking for injuries. Luckily, I appeared to be unscathed.
“I’m really not sure, one minute we were ready to cross the street, and the next thing I knew, you’d stepped off the curb and a car came out of nowhere.” She took a deep breath and then added, “I grabbed you and pulled you back.” 
“So, basically, what you’re telling me is that you saved my life? Is that what you’re trying to tell me?” I said as I shakily stood to my feet. 
“Yes, I think that’s exactly what happened.” Mindy twisted the corners of her mouth into a slight grin and shrugged her shoulders. 
“So, now I owe you my life?” I snorted, letting out a long breath. 
“You’re forever indebted to me.” 
“Ugh. Maybe you should’ve just let the car hit me.” 
Mindy huffed and puffed, her bottom lip down in protest of my complaint. 
“I’m kidding,” I said, as I picked a leaf out of her hair. 
“Are you sure you’re all right?” She touched my shoulder.
“Yeah, I just had the wind knocked out of me, that’s all.” 
An eerie presence was swirling around us and I felt eyes on me, so I turned to look over my shoulder again. 
Brianna was standing at the window watching the whole scene. She had a smirk on her face and an evil gleam in her eye. I really had an uneasy feeling about her stare. I just wanted to get away from her as quickly as possible. 
“Let’s get out of here.” I grabbed Mindy by the arm and we cautiously stepped onto the street, quickly crossing before another car could zoom out of nowhere and mow us down. 
When we reached Book Nook, Abe was standing at the window of my store, watching me intently. I shook my head to let him know I wasn’t coming back in there. He gave me puppy dog eyes, but I resisted them. We reached my aging BMW and fumbled to get the keys from the bottomless pit of my purse. 
“Ride with me,” I said.
“Are you sure? You’ll have to drive me back later.” 
“I’m sure, I don’t mind. Hop in.” 
We climbed in, and as I stuck the key in the ignition and glanced in my rear view mirror, I discovered Abe perched in the middle of the back seat again. I let out a long puff of air in frustration. 
“What’s wrong?” Mindy asked, looking at me with a puzzled look. 
I gestured with my head to the backseat. After all this time, she still somehow expected to see the spirits when I pointed them out, so she turned to look. 
“Are we not alone?” 
“Nope. Mr. Lincoln is right in the middle of the seat again,” I snapped, raising my voice slightly to make sure he heard me. Sadly, I probably did need to be more patient with him. After all, he was President, and he was dead. That has to be tough. 
I turned to face Mr. Lincoln. “I told you if you’re going to ride back there you have to lose the hat.”
He carefully removed the hat. “Sorry.” He nodded. 
Mindy stifled a laugh. 
As I turned back to face the steering wheel, I noticed an elderly man walk past and eye me curiously. He’d probably noticed me talking to an empty back seat. You’d think after all this time I’d remember where I was before I started talking to invisible people. It just makes me so frustrated when they refuse to listen to what I say. 
Sometimes I feel like I’m babysitting. All these people talking to me 24/7, they’re just so needy. Well, not all of them are needy, but a heck of a lot of them are. But I supposed I might be that needy, too, in the same situation, I reminded myself. 
Mindy and I drove back to my place and I was still lost in thought. I supposed I shouldn’t complain about the dead people, because I knew sometimes I asked for it by going to haunted locations. Lots of accumulated spirits from over the years were just waiting for someone to help them out. And here I was complaining that I had problems. At least I wasn’t stuck between worlds. 
Mindy and I spent all night drinking my delicious margaritas. I’m afraid to boast about my drink-making abilities too much. I don’t want to give the wrong impression or anything; I’m not a lush. 
I don’t drink often, but what can I say, I can make a mean cocktail. By the end of the night, we were so tipsy that the outfits Mindy pulled from my closet had become increasingly clown-like. We giggled like teenagers at a boy-band concert as I modeled clothing from the dark caverns of my closet that probably had been in my wardrobe since my teenage years. They should never see the light of day ever again.
Chapter 5

I woke up the next morning with the sunlight streaming through my window, splashing across my face. I had one hell of a hangover. Why had I let Mindy talk me into opening that bottle of wine after we had sucked the pitcher of margaritas dry? 
Mindy had stumbled to my guest bedroom to crash. Clearly we were not capable of driving anywhere in our condition. Thankfully, before I’d drunk too much, I’d decided on an outfit to wear on my big date. I’d hate to have seen what I would have chosen after the wine bottle was uncorked. 
The drinking wasn’t inconsequential, though. It had also calmed my nerves over the date with Callahan. With my hangover came the nerves again. My cotton sheets were tangled around my legs almost as badly as my hair was tangled from sleeping off our drunken fashion show. 
I reached up and touched my hair. Tonight was my big night, and I wanted to look perfect, but it wasn’t going to be an easy start with my hair in the condition it was. Fortunately, Mindy had helped me choose a black dress from my closet, and I had borrowed her strappy sexy Gucci heels. 
I lifted an eyelid open and looked at the blaring red light from the alarm clock on the nightstand next to my bed. Only a half hour until work. I needed to wake Mindy and make sure she got to work on time; I didn’t want to be held accountable for her losing her business. 
I forced my legs over the side of the bed. I had a busy weekend in store for myself, and I needed to get the day started. No time for hangovers, I reminded myself, just get through work all day and then an enchanting dinner with Mr. Yummy. Then tomorrow, it was on to Greensburg to help the restless lingering souls pass on to the next world. 
I stumbled from my bed, slid my feet into my loyal bunny slippers (old hardwood floors were constantly cold), and shuffled across the floor toward the bathroom. My bedroom had always been my refuge. In the corner of my room, I had placed a comfy overstuffed chair. In the evenings, I loved to sit there and read beside the crackling fireplace. A great thing about old houses is almost all of the rooms had fireplaces. 
As I shuffled past the chair, I glanced briefly at it and continued my trek into the bathroom. When I reached the sink, it hit me. Who was that woman in the chair? I ran back out of the door and looked over at the chair. There, sitting in the chair with a stoic look on her face, was a sixty-something-year-old woman. She raised her head and eyeballed me up and down, clearly judging me. 
“You look like hell in the morning,” she said sarcastically.
She didn’t exactly look as fresh as a daisy, but I didn’t bother to tell her that fact. Her perfectly arranged brown hair exaggerated her cross expression, and her dark business suit only added to her frosty appearance. Ugh. A new one had found me. 
“Look, I’m busy this morning, and I’m running really late. You’re just going to have to wait until I have time to talk.” 
I spun around to head back to the bathroom. I didn’t have time for idle chitchat with ghosts. 
As I reached just inside the door, I stopped and let out a deep breath. That’s when the guilt set in. I always had let them get to me like that.
“Damn,” I mumbled as I pivoted around back to the chair. 
She was still there with the same appearance of distaste on her face. Or maybe it was just a distressed look; it was hard to distinguish the difference with her. She had that scowl down pat. But anyway, I supposed I shouldn’t have been so abrupt with her. She fidgeted her hands, obviously distressed. 
“All right, I have just a minute if you’d like to talk to me.” I was assuming she wanted my help, they all did. 
“I found you last night. I didn’t have too hard a time finding you, but you should consider putting a sign in your front yard.” She pointed to the front of my house.
Yes, that’s just what I needed. More attention from the dead. Maybe the sign could read Dead People Welcome Here!
“You found me last night?”
“Yes, but I didn’t want to interrupt your silly little fashion show. So I waited.” 
How thoughtful of her to spare me. “Thanks,” I said dryly.
“By the way, you snore.”
“I do not! I have a slight cold.” 
“I live over on Miller Street. You know, two blocks north.” She pointed in the direction. 
I nodded. “I know where it is.” 
“Unfortunately, I recently passed away,” she said matter-of-factly.
I gathered as much. “I’m sorry to hear that,” I offered. 
“I didn’t get a chance to say goodbye to my husband. Poor Robert.” She sniffed. 
I was shocked to see she had another emotion other than frigid. 
“I’ve been with him ever since I died, and I just can’t cross over because of his grieving. If you could let him know I’m all right and that I love him very much,” she paused, “then I’d be able to cross over.” 
“I’ll do my best to try to share your feelings with him.” 
“Slip on some clothes and we’ll go right away. And do brush your teeth, dear.” She gestured for me to go change. Then brushed her hand in front of her nose and pointed at my mouth. 
“Whoa. I cannot go right now. I’ll be late for work. I’ll tell him as soon as possible. It’ll have to wait until after I come back from Greensburg this weekend.” I waved my hands at her.
“I can’t wait that long.” She shot me an evil glare. 
“Well, you’ll have to.” 
She made a rude noise as I turned and headed for the bathroom once again, not turning to see what she might be doing behind my back. She was going to be trouble, and I knew it. She’d probably follow me on my date, and I doubted I could explain to Callahan why I needed to deliver a message to some random man in the middle of our evening out. 
After showering, I returned to my closet to see Mrs. Williams still sitting in my favorite chair, pouting. I hoped she realized she’d have to move it when I wanted to sit and read. I refused to let the spirits take over my home. 
I grabbed a pair of black slacks from my closet, along with my favorite sweater, and wiggled into them.
“Do you always dress so scantily for work?” she hissed.
“I’m wearing a turtleneck!”
She rolled her eyes.
“I hardly think this outfit is questionable.” I snorted defensively.
“You should wear nice, conservative business suits like me.” She waved her hand over her body, showcasing her suit for me.
“No, thanks!” I said as I grabbed my purse and bolted from the room, slamming the door behind me for emphasis.
A short time later I was in my car headed for town. Mindy’s boyfriend was picking her up from my house and I was looking forward to a quiet ride into town, alone, in my car. 
Alas, it wasn’t meant to be. It was a beautiful morning; the only bad part was Mrs. Williams was perched in the seat next to me. She was still badgering me about my attire. Abe was in the backseat trying to discuss politics with me. The drone of noise was almost unbearable. I flipped on the radio to drown out the racket. How was I going to deal with all these spirits? It was enough to make me pull all my hair out of my head.
*

The day passed uneventfully. My watch read 6:30 pm. I had just enough time to finish my makeup and then jump in the car and zip over to the store to meet Callahan. I slipped on my dress and slid on a layer of pretty-in-pink lip gloss. 
I had tried what seemed like a million different hairstyles, but nothing seemed right. A twist, straight, and pulled tight into a sleek ponytail to name a few. Finally, I’d decided I’d go with long and flowing, since most of the time my hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Something new could be refreshing. I wore a sexy-but-not-too-sexy little black dress that hugged my curves in, I hope, all the right places. Lastly, I slid on the strappy stilettos borrowed from Mindy and walked out of the bedroom door. 
Abe and Mrs. Williams were standing there, eyeing me up and down. Mrs. Williams was judging me again, while Abe had a gushy look on his face. The same look my mom and grandparents had given me on prom night, when I’d appeared in my gown (the hideous pink-ruffled gown I was now embarrassed to see photos of) at the bottom of the stairs. Abe let out a whistle of appreciation. So, the sixteenth President of the United States approved of my appearance; that was awkward, to say the least. As I gave one last glance at my reflection in my compact mirror, I hoped Callahan would appreciate my attempt at bouncy curls. 
“I don’t think that style becomes you,” Mrs. Williams said in a singsong voice. 
“Funny, I don’t remember asking you,” I snapped. Damn, she’d planted a seed of doubt into my mind, but there was no time to change.
When I pulled up in front of the store, I cringed at the scene played out in front of my eyes. Callahan was already standing at the front door of Book Nook. He’d beat me there. Of course, that wasn’t why I cringed. No, there was one major problem that made me grimace from what I could see. The problem had a name, and it was Brianna. 
The thought of Brianna and Callahan having a cozy tête-à-tête was what made me cringe. She was standing beside him, with her short skirt and tan long legs, eyeing him adoringly. She had her hand coiled around his arm, and looked incredibly comfortable. Too comfortable. 
I turned off the ignition as she continued giggling and batting her lashes; she was clearly flirting with him. Conspicuously, she was trying to get under my skin, and it was working. I wasn’t about to let her get away with that, though. I didn’t know what I was going to do yet, but I knew I’d figure it out somehow. 
Callahan spotted me drive up, and I noticed the funny look he’d arranged across his face. Like a student caught cheating on a test, his face had guilty written all over it. Nevertheless, I didn’t want to give Brianna the benefit of thinking she’d upset me. 
Getting out of my car, I smiled at Callahan and waved, walking around the back of my car onto the sidewalk. I was hoping I displayed an air of confidence. Callahan’s eyes widened and his lips spread, revealing his dazzling smile. 
I’d show Brianna I was the bigger woman and not let her tricks get under my skin. As I approached, Brianna sashayed past and never even looked my way. I tried my best to ignore her as well.
“Hi,” I said, as I approached him. 
“Hi to you,” he said. He was blushing slightly. At that moment, he seemed shy and not the confident man you’d think someone with his looks would be. I realized then he had no clue how gorgeous he really was—I was sure of it. I didn’t know if I should ask why Brianna was there, why she’d been touching him and why she’d seemed so comfortable standing next to him, as if they’d been more than friends forever. After all, it was our first date and he didn’t owe me any answers. 
First date. I loved the sound of that. Just two simple words, but they had a fantastic ring to them. And with any luck I’d be saying second date soon.
“Are you ready?” he asked with a bashful grin. 
“Yes, I’m looking forward to trying the menu at Le Relais. I’ve heard so much about it.” 
Callahan placed his hand on the small of my back, guiding me to the right hand side of the sidewalk. Such a small gesture, but an exceedingly gallant one. His chivalry made my stomach flutter worse than it had the first time I’d set my eyes on a fold-out poster of Johnny Depp in an issue of Teen when I was fourteen. 
“It’s a chilly evening, huh?” Callahan slipped into his chocolate-colored blazer, which had been draped over his arm.
“Yes, it’s becoming chilly. It’s that time of year.” I smiled. 
The restaurant was only two blocks away, so we fell easily in stride with each other and walked the short distance, chatting about the weather and such, all the while exchanging shy smiles. Callahan held the door open as I slid through the entrance and into the cozy bistro. 
Abe squeezed in before Callahan shut the door, not that he needed a door to enter through, anyway. Little did Callahan know that we had a chaperone. It was just my luck that, as soon as I met a hot guy, I had the former President hanging around. I seriously needed to get rid of him. 
Don’t get me wrong, I liked him, but he would not enhance my love life one bit. The maître d' led us to a table that was nestled into a cozy corner at the back of the room. All right, so it was beside the kitchen door. So what? That just meant we’d get our food sooner, right? 
The dimly lit restaurant had a single candle flickering merrily on the red cloth-wrapped table. Romance oozed from the walls of the place. I felt my cheeks flush just thinking of the prospect of the evening. 
Callahan pulled out my chair, waited for me to sit and then sat down across from me. 
Luckily, Abe picked up on the romantic setting and decided to meander around the restaurant instead of being a third wheel. 
A tall, lanky waiter lurched over to our table and scrappily handed us our menus, while muttering something indiscernible about being right back. I’d heard the help was bad, but that the food, luckily, made up for the mediocre service. 
I held up the huge menu, studying it, all the while trying to find just the right position to hold it so I could still sneak peeks at my handsome date. Honestly, I was a bit nervous about what we would talk about, so nothing on the menu really captured my attention (which was a first for me). Especially with Mr. Yummy and his bedroom eyes peering over the top of his menu at me. 
“So what looks good to you?” 
Quickly, I scanned the menu and chose the first thing I saw. “I think the scallops with a mango glaze sound delish.” 
“That does sound good. Although I can’t help but let my eyes wander over the dessert section of the menu.” 
I laughed. “You do have a sweet tooth, don’t you?” 
He let out a warm laugh. “That’s the reason I opened a coffee shop, so I would have an excuse to have all those tasty pastries around.” 
“Good thinking. I love pastry. Although I’m not sure it will help my waistline, now that you’ve moved in with all the temptation, er, I mean pastries to eat.” 
I was, as usual, putting my foot in my mouth, stumbling over my words and saying all the wrong things. I certainly didn’t want him to envision me stuffing pastry in my mouth while my waist expanded like a balloon hooked up to a helium tank. I tried to change the subject quickly. 
“There was an antique shop there before you. Nice lady that ran it, but she died a year ago,” I said, as I took a sip of my water. 
My mouth was like the Sahara. Where was that damn waiter anyway?
Chapter 6

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the waiter reappeared at our table almost as if by magic. He was beginning to creep me out.
“Are you ready to order?” he asked in his monotone voice. The guy had the personality of a wet noodle. 
“My gorgeous date will have the Noix de St. Jacques a la Mangue and I’ll have the same,” Callahan said, and then flashed me his wonderful smile, never once even looking at our waiter. 
The waiter didn’t seem to care, because he didn’t utter a word in response; he just grabbed the menus and dashed off. As he moved halfway across the room, Callahan called after him. 
“And bring us a bottle of your best wine.” His eyes were still focused on me.
I wasn’t sure if the waiter hadn’t heard him, or if ignoring customers was just his usual response to everything. I also didn’t know if I wanted wine after last night, the thought of it made me a bit queasy.
“I hope wine is all right with you?”
“Yes, it’s fine. Thank you.” Good thing he couldn’t read my mind.
“You speak French?” I asked with a raised eyebrow.
“A little.” Obviously, he was being modest and, perhaps, somewhat mysterious. Now that was sexy.
“Wow. I’m impressed. What other talents are you hiding?”
He chuckled. “I think that’s about it.”
“So tell me, what made you choose Magnolia as your new home?” 
He looked at me with a shy grin. I still could not get over how bashful he was. 
Oh, or was the smile part of his mysterious act? Hmmm, interesting. I wasn’t sure if it was just me making him behave that way, or if he was always timid. 
“To be honest, I wanted to get away from the big city. The traffic and the hectic pace, I hated it. I wanted to slow things down. I’d always envisioned running my own business someday. So here I am.” 
“Well, you certainly picked the right place to get away from the hectic pace. This place is as slow as they come.” 
“I’m figuring that out rather quickly. The grocery store closes at ten.” 
I laughed. “Yes, not really a nightlife scene around here. They roll up the sidewalks at ten.”
“Tell me…” He took a sip of his water. “What did you do before you bought your grandparents’ bookstore?”
“There’s not a lot of variety in jobs around here, unless you own your own business or work at the distilleries. So, I worked at the distillery. I was marketing manager for events and promotions. It was a lot of fun; I still have loads of bottles of bourbon in my cabinets, but the sad part is, I don’t like it. What did you do in the big city before you decided to throw caution to the wind and move to this little town?”
“I was in banking at Kentucky Bank. Rather boring stuff, really.”
“I’m sure it had its moments.”
His blue eyes glittered in the light. He chuckled. “Not really.”
“So you don’t miss it then?” I laughed.
The corners of his mouth lifted. “No, not at all.” 
“I can tell you, it was a tough decision to leave my job. I’m sure you can understand that, but I don’t regret for a minute leaving it behind and running the bookstore, now.” I smiled.
He shook his head in agreement.
 “I do understand. It was hard for me to leave the safety of the bank, but I felt drawn to the place, really. I had to take my chances.” 
Listening to Callahan talk made even my toes tingle, he had a sexy tone to his voice that vibrated across the table and pulsated along my skin.
“I’m glad you did.” I couldn’t believe I’d said something so bold. At least bold for me, I’m usually too shy for comments like those. He didn’t seem to mind, because his blue eyes lit up even more.
Just then, the waiter returned with our wine. Surprisingly, he had heard the order after all; I guess he was just a very bad and unfriendly server. With great displeasure, the waiter went through the motions of letting Callahan sniff the cork, taste a sample, and then, when Callahan nodded in approval, he poured a small amount in a glass for me. He then added more wine to Callahan’s glass. I was thankful he hurried through the process, though, and left us alone again. 
My eyes were drawn to Callahan as he placed his perfect lips on his glass and took a sip. At that moment, I couldn’t help but daydream about what those lips would taste like pressed next to mine. With any luck, I hoped that, soon, I wouldn’t have to deliberate on the idea, I’d get to experience it firsthand. 
“What about family? Did you leave them behind?” I took another sip of my wine. I had to say, the wine was fabulous, although I knew I’d better pace myself. After last night, I realized I wasn’t much of a drinker, and I was definitely a silly drunk. If I didn’t watch myself, I’d surely scare him off with my nonstop giggling. 
“My parents still live there in the house I grew up in. They’re as boring as they come. My father is a dentist and my mother is a homemaker. She took care of the kids and home while Dad worked. I have two brothers. One older and one younger.” 
“Really? I’m an only child. It must be nice to have siblings.” 
“It has its moments.” He laughed. “I hope I’m not too boring for you. I’m just an average guy.” He smiled and then took another sip of his wine. 
I wanted to tell him, with that gorgeous face of his staring at me, he could have read me his grocery list and I would have found it fascinating. An owner’s manual for a vacuum cleaner would have been enthralling. An operator’s guide for a DVD player would have been tantalizing. All right, I’ve made my point; I thought he was yummy. 
I didn’t tell him, though; the comment would have been coming on a tad too strong. Could I be falling for this guy worse than I fell for Michael Taylor when I was seventeen? 
I’d met Michael when I’d gone on a family vacation in Florida that summer. He’d been perfect in every way as he’d strolled along the beach and smiled at me. Tan skin and ray-bans on, what more could I have asked for? I’d been smitten from the beginning. Unfortunately, summer flings never last and we couldn’t make a long distance relationship work. Would not or could not, I wasn’t sure which. But that was how teenagers were. 
I gave Callahan the most dazzling smile I could muster and, in the sweetest tone, said, “I certainly don’t think you’re boring. Far from it.” I watched as his face was set free into a complete cheek-reddening blush. And I was being bold again. What had gotten into me?
He lowered his gaze and said, “Thank you. I feel the same about you.” 
Our lovely waiter approached and served us our soup, mumbling something again as he sauntered away. I had no idea what he’d said, and frankly I didn’t really care. Unless he was telling us there was a fire and we needed to evacuate, I wasn’t interested. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of Abe as he slid through the swinging door and into the kitchen. 
Dread sank in as I hoped he wasn’t going in to scare the waiter. Our server was already bad enough without the president adding to it. Abe sure did love to play pranks. I always thought President Lincoln would be the serious type, but he really did have a wry sense of humor. I’d had him pegged all wrong. 
All right, so soup was probably not the best choice for a first date, I soon discovered. How could soup be so bad? I’d thought it was a safe choice. One word summed it up, though, and that word was slurping. As hard as I tried, at least one slurp had managed to slip out. 
“So tell me more about yourself? Tell me everything. I want to know it all,” Callahan said as he raised his spoon to his mouth. 
No, I doubted he really wanted to know it all: Well, Callahan, I see dead people, and Abraham Lincoln just walked into the kitchen. No, it was better I kept some things to myself.
“Oh wow,” Slurp. “All about myself?” I laughed. 
“Yes, tell me everything.” 
“Well,” I said, after finishing my mouthful of warm soup. “As you know, I own a bookstore. It was my grandparent’s store. They retired a year ago and moved to Florida, so I bought the store from them.” 
Callahan listened attentively. 
“I’ve always loved to read. So I figured what better occupation to have?” I giggled. Oh help me, I was giggling like a schoolgirl. That wine was getting to me already.
“I agree. Sounds like we both had the same idea, doing things we loved.” 
“So, is the only thing you love pastry? Because I have to say it doesn’t look like you ever eat one of those things,” I said, staring at his biceps probably just a little too long. 
He snorted and laughed. “I have to go to the gym daily to make up for my guilty pleasure. It’s another hobby of mine, much healthier than eating pastries. I work out a lot.” 
I smiled as I envisioned him pumping up without a shirt on. Glistening abs and bulging… I needed to get a hold of myself pronto.
Finally, our main course arrived and, momentarily, there was silence as we dove into the first few bites of our fare. Thankfully, the silence felt natural and not at all awkward. It just felt right. 
Occasionally, I would glance up and we’d meet each other’s eyes as we chewed. But it never felt weird. 
All of a sudden, a loud crash of pans and dishes echoed from the kitchen, startling us out of our musings. I yanked my head up in the direction of the crash to catch Abe hot-footing it out of the kitchen. Then an extremely frazzled-looking chef burst through the swinging door and began to have an excited conversation with the manager. He was shaking, pointing to the kitchen and gesturing vigorously with his arms. I had a sneaking feeling I knew what that was all about. I was glad we’d had our dinner before the hi-jinks began. Ugh, I couldn’t take Abe anywhere.
“I wonder what that was all about,” I said innocently. With Mr. Lincoln as active as he was, I wasn’t sure how long I’d be able to hide my ability to speak to the dead from Callahan. As soon as I told him, I could envision his reaction. He’d probably visualize a world of séances and Ouija boards. 
I hoped I could keep my talent hidden from him for a while, or at the very least, postpone telling him until I absolutely had to. I took a sip of my wine as my mind strayed back to Brianna standing on the sidewalk, coyly playing with Callahan’s biceps. 
The sight of her giving me that smug smile when I’d pulled up kept flashing in my mind. It was my opinion she was incredibly evil, and I prayed Callahan could see through her desperate act. Unfortunately, it had been my experience that men weren’t always good at seeing through the games evil women enjoyed playing. Callahan brought me back to the situation at hand.
“I don’t know. It sounded like something was chasing him in there,” he laughed. 
I laughed nervously. That’s exactly what I was afraid of, Abe chasing someone in there. 
Business was kind of slow in the restaurant and around town. With small towns like Magnolia on Friday nights, almost everyone could be found at the high school football game. So when I noticed movement on the sidewalk out in front of the restaurant, I immediately glanced up and took notice. I almost spit out my food when I saw Brianna scoot by the window. 
That bitch. What was she up to? Mindy would have conniptions when I told her how brazen Brianna had been to actually show up on my date, although I did blame Mindy for telling Brianna we had a date in the first place. 
I knew one thing for sure, if I had confronted Brianna she’d have some stupid excuse for walking by and glancing in the window. I wasn’t buying it though, because I knew she wasn’t innocent—not in the least. How had she even known where we were anyway? I mean, she’d known we had a date, but not where our date was. 
I wondered if Callahan had told her. Ugh. That thought made me again think of the two of them together, an idea I hated. She’d taken her time walking by, too. Gazing in the window, straining to see us, no doubt. If she’d come into the restaurant, I don’t know what I would have done.
“Would you like dessert?” the waiter muttered. 
Callahan looked at me and I smiled. Funny how he could practically read my mind on only our first date. How was he doing that, anyway? Okay, maybe knowing I wanted dessert was not such a big deal. But still… 
“We’d love some,” Callahan said. 
My cheeks flushed and I didn’t think it was the heat from the candlelight making them that way. 
The waiter threw the menu down on the table as Callahan continued to watch me, not even noticing the waiter had a serious attitude problem. 
Callahan leaned the menu over to me. “What looks good?”
“You can’t go wrong with chocolate in my opinion.” I chuckled. 
“I agree one hundred percent. How about the triple chocolate cake?” 
“It sounds divine to me.” I licked my lips subconsciously before I realized what I was doing. When I saw Callahan’s face, I thought he might have a heart attack right then. His eyes were wide and his mouth drooped slightly open. 
I hadn’t meant to do it, but it sure made my heart flutter knowing that he obviously approved of the motion I’d made with my mouth. I wasn’t sure if it was just me or if they’d raised the thermostat in there, but it was getting extremely hot. 
Slowly, Callahan moved his hand and placed it on mine.
My heart rate spiked. I needed one of those portable oxygen masks to help me breathe. STAT. His hand was soft and rough at the same time, but in all the right places. I’d never liked a man who had hands softer than mine, nor did I want them so rough that every time he touched me he eliminated my need for a loofah in the shower. Undeniably, Callahan had just the right combination. 
“You know, I saw you the first day I looked into renting the spot next door to you. There were several other spots I looked at for my shop, but none of them would’ve given me a neighbor like you.” 
All right, now it was my turn to blush. 
“I bet you say that to all the neighbors.” I laughed. 
He chuckled, and then the serious look on his face returned as he gazed into my eyes and said, “I mean it. I’m not feeding you some silly line.” 
I blushed some more, then, before I had a chance to respond, the chocolate cake was thrust in front of my face. Seriously, what was this guy’s problem? If it were up to me, he wouldn’t be receiving a tip for that move. 
The cake was mouth-watering. Chocolate drizzle leaked down the sides of the decadent tower of dessert. It was any chocolate lover’s dream and I tried my best to pace myself and not shove the whole thing in my mouth. Although at the rate Callahan was going, he’d be finished in three bites. The guy meant business when it came to sweets. 
“You know, when the candlelight flickers, the little green specks in your eyes sparkle. You have hazel eyes, right?” 
All right, he had me melting like the wax on the side of that romantic candle in front of us. Suddenly the movement outside on the sidewalk caught my eye again. Once more, it was Brianna. I was tempted to lean over and plant a juicy wet one on Callahan’s lips right in front of her. That would make her furious, and that was, without a doubt, what Mindy would have done. But, unlike Mindy, I didn’t have the nerve. After all, in my opinion if Callahan had wanted her, he’d be sitting in the restaurant with her and I’d be the one outside peeping in. No, wait… I would never stoop to peeping in windows.
Abe popped up at the doorway, looked at me and gave me a wink. He then, without giving me another glance, glided through the door and vanished around the corner. Uh oh. I knew where he was headed. I almost didn’t want to know what he’d try to do to Brianna to scare her. Ha, serves her right, though. 
“I suppose you were wondering what I was doing standing in front of your shop talking to Brianna earlier?” Callahan said with a bashful grin. 
Had he read my mind or had I subconsciously placed Brianna on his brain? If it was the latter, I needed to watch myself because I most definitely didn’t want him thinking of her. That was exactly what she wanted. I knew he hadn’t seen her walk by because his back was facing the window. 
I waved my hand in response. “I really don’t pay attention to anything she does.” Liar. I am a complete liar.
I hoped that statement came across as believable because, the truth was, I’d wanted to know what their conversation was about, and the need to know had actually been gnawing at me all evening. 
“That Brianna, she’s something else.” Callahan sat his fork down.
Huh? She was something else, all right. But I was too much of a lady to say just what I really thought she was. 
“She’s a real tiger,” Callahan continued, as he dabbed the side of his mouth with his napkin.
What was that supposed to mean? I raised my eyebrows and gave him a confused look. 
“She’s a real go-getter, I guess.” 
“I suppose,” I said flatly. I was trying to be nice about it, but I wasn’t all that thrilled about his topic of conversation. 
“She actually cornered me when I was standing there waiting for you. I couldn’t just run away, so I was stuck there.” 
Stuck, huh? He looked like he was having an all right time to me. Not exactly miserable, by any means. I’d had a feeling Brianna would try something like that after Mindy had made me go into her shop. 
It seemed undeniable that war had been declared. There was no telling what kind of maneuvers she would try to get to Callahan. I’d tried to avoid Brianna and any kind of war she’d declared ever since I’d first met her. I’d seen the results from when others had attempted to do battle with her, and she was always the victor. 
“She did mention you, though,” he said, finishing off the last of his wine.
I raised my eyebrow once again and said, “She did?” 
“Yes, she said you make a lot of trips. I asked if she meant business trips, and she said not exactly. Do you know what she meant by that? It was kind of strange. Like she was being enigmatic.” 
That bitch. 
“She’s kind of strange,” I said sharply. 
Oh, no. Did I just say that out loud? 
Callahan just looked at me as if waiting for more of an answer. 
“Well…” I coughed slightly to buy myself enough time to think of something to say. And not just something to say, but the right thing to say. “All the trips I take are for business, unfortunately. I’d love to take a vacation, I just don’t have the luxury of whisking away whenever I want. So I’m not sure what she meant by that.” I laughed and gave him my best smile. I was not going to let Brianna ruin my date. And I didn’t want to stoop to her level.
“Would you like to go for a walk?” 
“I’d love to.” Anything to get off the subject of Brianna. Plus, a walk around town would be terribly romantic.
Callahan had a twinkle in his eyes and it was hard for me to say no to anything he asked.
Chapter 7

Our date was turning out just as I’d hoped it would. Again Callahan helped me with my chair when I stood. I could definitely get used to that. 
As we reached the door he said, with an extended hand, “Ladies first.” 
We stepped out onto the sidewalk and I pulled my jacket up a little closer around my neck. It was a brisk evening, crisp and, in fact, a perfect time for a walk. Not a cloud in the sky, and the stars twinkled softly in the indigo twilight. Another couple had the same idea as they strolled by arm and arm. The faint sound of them whispering sweet nothings into each others’ ears floated our way as they walked by.
The silence had returned to linger between us, but again it wasn’t uncomfortable. Most first dates that I’d had, if any silence were present, would self-destruct after the main course, well before dessert. 
“So where are we headed?” I looked over at Callahan, and noticed he was watching me. Giving me a sexy-yet-a-little-bit-bashful grin. 
“I thought we could just take a stroll around town.” 
“Sounds perfect.” As the words slipped off my tongue, his arm slipped around my shoulders. I took in a deep breath. God, he smelled delicious. Like sandalwood and musk. Being that close to him felt right and oh-so-good. 
“Tell me, how do you like your new hometown?” 
“I like it much better now.” Callahan stopped abruptly and gently pulled me closer to him, spinning me around to face him. In that moment, we were staring into each other’s eyes. He leaned in closer and our lips slowly moved toward each other. The next thing I knew, his lips were firmly on mine. They were soft, full, and so delicious. I felt my knees turn to rubber as his lips lingered over mine, and I savored every moment of his touch. Finally, he eased away from my lips and flashed that amazing smile of his. My stomach dipped. I’d never had a kiss quite like that before. Not even from Michael Taylor. 
“Wow, you’re amazing, do you know that?” Callahan said looking into my eyes. 
I giggled nervously and glanced down at my feet. “I don’t know about amazing. Fantastic, maybe.” 
Callahan leaned back and laughed a hearty laugh. He obviously liked my joke. 
We’d continued our walk around half the town, chatting about books, coffee and, of course, sweets. We passed an art and antique gallery, gourmet food shop, as well as the county’s history museum. I’d been so mesmerized by the evening that I’d barely paid attention to where we were headed. Suddenly, I realized where we were. 
In a panic, I looked up at the funeral home, its brick façade and stately white columns situated in front of me. I’d never been able to walk past funeral homes, for obvious reasons. I’d made that mistake early in life, and learned my lesson rather quickly. If any spirits were hanging around watching their funeral, they’d sense me and somehow latch on. And of all nights, tonight I certainly didn’t need that. 
How would I explain that to Callahan? Sorry I can’t walk past funeral homes because the deceased will come out and talk to me. That would be a surefire way for him to think I was nuts. I needed to get us out of here as soon as possible so, swiftly I grabbed Callahan’s arm. 
“Let’s turn around and head back,” I said trying to steer him in the opposite direction. 
“Don’t you want to make the complete circle around town?” He made a circle with his hand. 
“Um. Actually my feet are really hurting,” I said as I glanced over my shoulder. 
Okay, I lied to him, but that was better than the alternative. I hoped I wasn’t going to make a habit of lying to him. Thankfully, so far, no spirits had appeared. If I could just slip out of there before they did, I’d be as happy as a clam at high tide.
Callahan looked down at my strappy heels. 
“I’m so sorry I didn’t think about that. Of course you’re tired. You worked all day. Let’s get you back to your car.” 
He spun me around, careful to keep his arm around me the entire time. Then I heard faint footsteps behind us. I prayed it wasn’t what I thought it was. Slowly, I glanced over at Callahan, and he gave me an adorable smile. Obviously he didn’t hear the steps following closely behind us like I did. Carefully, I glanced over my shoulder again, trying not to be too noticeable. I didn’t want Mr. Delicious-Kisser to think I was paranoid. 
It was just as I’d suspected—someone was behind us. I could sense, by their missing aura and transparency, that our guest had just followed us from the funeral home. It had only been a minute, but that’s all it had taken. The short old man was walking directly behind us. 
I wondered if we ran that maybe we could lose him. Being that old, he could never keep up, but clearly running wasn’t an option. Besides, he would just float over to my car and find me anyway; spirits didn’t need to run. The old guy had a smile on his face and a mischievous twinkle in his eye. I turned around, hoping to ignore him and not make Callahan suspicious with my jittery behavior. 
“I know you can see me, dear,” the old guy’s voice said from behind my ear.
La la la. I was not going to listen to him. But as he spoke, I recognized the little fellow’s voice. It was Mr. Haynes. He’d come into the Book Nook for years, when my grandparents owned it and then after I took it over as well. He really was a sweet man. I hadn’t even realized he had died. I’d wondered why I hadn’t seen him for quite some time. I felt a pang of guilt that I was ignoring him, but what else was I supposed to do? 
“I’m glad to see you’ve finally got yourself a fine young man,” Mr. Haynes said. 
Callahan was talking about where he’d gone to college, and I was trying to listen and not be distracted. I hoped he wouldn’t ask me a question while I wasn’t really paying attention to what he said. 
As we crossed the street toward my car, I noticed the clear-cut sound of additional footsteps approaching us. I recognized them immediately. The heavy clomp of those old boots that I’d listened to so many times. Mr. Lincoln was back from his little pop-in visit with Brianna. There was no telling what he’d done to her, but I bet it was funny. Too bad I’d missed it. One thing was unequivocal: it looked as if the two of them (my spirit friends), were not going anywhere anytime soon and my date was ruined. Thank heavens Mrs. Williams hadn’t shown up. Frankly, that really surprised me. I’d have thought she’d like nothing better than to humiliate me in public. 
I knew one thing for sure; it was going to be extremely hard to kiss my date in front of Abraham Lincoln and sweet old Mr. Haynes. I was seriously going to have to have a discussion with those two, and some ground rules for hanging around were going to have to be set. So I figured, at that point, the only thing left for me to do was fake being ill. 
Thanks to the ghosts, I was going to have to end the first real date I’d had in ages. And, not only the first date in ages, but a first date with the most gorgeous guy I had ever met. 
“You know, I’m all of a sudden very tired.” I brushed my forehead in true southern belle style, as if I’d suddenly gotten a case of the vapors.
Callahan flashed me a concerned look. 
I felt so bad for lying to him that I almost considered coming clean, but then I thought better of it.
“Plus, I have to get up really early in the morning. I have to go to Greensburg tomorrow. I had a fantastic time, though.” I wanted to cry. It probably sounded like I was giving him the brush off.
In true gentlemanly style Callahan said, “I am so sorry. I didn’t think about how late it was getting. I understand completely, I hope you really did have a nice time, though.” He paused while searching my eyes. “You’re not just telling me that you did, are you?” He flashed me a huge smile. 
“I absolutely had a wonderful time. I wouldn’t lie to you. If I had a terrible time I would tell you right away. I’d say, Callahan I had a horrible time!” I chimed, trying to let him know I really did have feelings for him. 
We walked the rest of the way to my car with the two spirits trailing right behind us. Callahan was going to kiss me goodnight and I completely wanted him to, but it was going to feel strange kissing in front of those two. Especially since I wouldn’t be able to tell them to turn around and not watch us. Clumsily, I retrieved my keys out of the confines of my purse and leaned up against my car. 
Callahan presented his dazzling smile to me again; I could never get tired of that. 
I smiled back, hardly able to contain the butterflies that floated joyously in my stomach. 
He leaned in close to me and I waved my hand behind his back to encourage the audience to turn their heads. 
I felt his sweet breath near my lips. Yum, chocolate cake. 
He gently placed his lips against mine. Somehow, that time was even better than the first, something I didn’t think at all possible. He opened my mouth wider with the gentle caress of his tongue. 
My stomach wasn’t the only thing flip-flopping on my body. His lips slipped from mine and met my gaze. I inhaled and caught a whiff of his manly scent. 
After the most delicious kiss I’d ever had, Callahan leaned back and immediately began to blush. He turned a pale shade of red, I could tell from the street light that glowed softly over us. 
“Is it all right if I call you soon?” 
“Absolutely,” I whispered. “I’m leaving at six a.m. to reach Greensburg in time, but I’ll be back Sunday evening. And, of course, I’ll be running my shop Monday morning. My best friend, Mindy, will be working in my store this weekend while I’m gone.” 
“I’ll call you then.”
He didn’t say when he would call, but I hoped it would be sooner rather than later. 
I pushed the key fob to open my car doors. “I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Drive carefully.” Callahan waved as he stepped backward along the sidewalk to his car. 
“Thanks for dinner,” I said, as I slipped in my car. 
The President and Mr. Haynes were already sitting in the back seat. They didn’t waste any time settling in for the ride home. Somehow, I’d become the chauffeur to the dead. The bad part was I couldn’t even charge them a fare. They never share the cost of gas with me, and with gas prices like they are, that would help me a bunch. When I’d pulled away, and was confident no one could see me talking to myself alone in my car, I spoke. 
“Mr. President, are you going to tell me what you did to Brianna?” 
“Brianna? Who’s Brianna, my dear?” 
“You know who she is. Don’t play coy, now. Tell me what you did.” I smiled. 
He placed his hand on his chin. “Oh yes, of course, Brianna. I merely made sure she arrived home safely. You can never be too careful in this day and age.” 
“Uh huh, you chased her home didn’t you? Go ahead and admit it. I know you did.” I stared at him in my rear view mirror, and then I glanced over to look at Mr. Haynes, who was tight-lipped. 
“I’ll take the silence as a yes. I can’t believe you. You certainly are becoming very mischievous lately.” 
“I’m merely trying to help you find love,” Abe said in a dramatic voice.
Wow, I didn’t expect to hear that response. 
“It was obvious to me she had her eyes set on your suitor. She’d be all wrong for him.” 
“I’m not sure who she’d be right for.” I laughed. I still couldn’t believe I was getting dating advice from Abe Lincoln. 
I turned onto my street; thankfully, I didn’t live very far away. It had been a long week and I really was becoming quite tired. 
Mr. Haynes was still sitting quietly in the back seat. 
I looked at him, and he met my gaze. 
Then he said, “I think Brianna is bad news. You should stay away from her. She’s nothing but trouble.” 
I pulled into the driveway and turned off my car. 
“You know, maybe you should wear clothing that is not so revealing,” Abe stated, still sitting in the back seat. 
I turned to look at him, and opened my mouth to say something, but didn’t. Arguing with him wouldn’t help. After all, in his day and age women did wear a whole lot more clothing. Besides, I figured my dress kept me just the right amount of concealed. And I knew by that comment Mrs. Williams had been discussing my clothing with him as well. 
“Guys, it’s my bedtime. I’m awfully tired and just need to hit the sack. I’ll talk to you later, okay?”
They both nodded, but by the time I opened my front door they were already sitting on my overstuffed living room sofa.
“I really like this seating you have,” Abe said bouncing on it as he spoke.
Ugh. I trudged to my bedroom and locked the door. Not that that would keep them out.
Chapter 8

Although I tried to keep positive thoughts, my mind scrambled through an assortment of dark images of what could happen to me. I rarely ever came on an investigation alone anymore. Not after three years ago when I’d been attacked by a dark evil shadow. I had barely made it out of the building with my life. 
That fateful night, while checking out Waverly Hills Sanatorium, an ominous shadow had chased me out of the building and I’d narrowly escaped falling to my death. In a panic, I tumbled down the long tunnel that leads from the abandoned building to the bottom of the hill. (Did I mention that the passageway had been used to remove the dead bodies from the hospital? Talk about creepy.)
All right maybe it wasn’t that bad, but it was scary nonetheless. I contemplated my grim thoughts. I could just see the headlines on the morning paper, Woman Murdered by Ghost. A chill tingled along my spine as I shook the thought out of my head.
It was about eight a.m. when I set out for Greensburg the next morning. As I pulled out of my driveway, I seriously considered stopping by Full Cup for a quick cup of joe. However, I didn’t want to appear to be too eager to see Callahan, so I decided against it. 
His knock-my-socks-off-if-I-had-been-wearing-socks kiss goodnight had been stamped permanently into my head, and I was having a hard time flushing the thought of him from my brain. The sweet taste and sensuous feel of his lips had a tight grip on my mind. 
I knew I’d better stop thinking about him, because I had a long day ahead of me that involved no kissing. Unless some ghost ended up trying to plant one on me, which was possible, by the way; it has been known to happen. Don’t ask me how I found that out, though. 
Right around lunchtime I finally found the street where the mansion was located. The road was curvy, and tricky to maneuver along. Exactly where I would expect to find a haunted mansion. Add a full moon and howling wind and it would make the perfect ghostly setting.
After driving a half mile, I spotted the manor. I recognized it right away, from the pictures I’d seen on the internet. It sat atop a slight hill with many immaculately manicured trees encircling it like a green fence. Maples, oaks, pines and even my favorite, Magnolia trees. 
Manchester Mansion was magnificent; three stories tall, with lots of twists and angles. The place commanded attention as soon as it came into view. As my car rattled over the gravel driveway, I followed the signs to the main entrance. 
I’d called Monica about a half hour before I’d arrived and let her know I was almost there. She had reluctantly agreed to meet me in the driveway at the front door, although she did state that she couldn’t bring herself to take me inside for a tour. She would come by to meet me and then leave, and that was all. Her fearful voice had made that message loud and clear. 
That was fine by me, though, because I enjoyed working alone. Even though I knew I shouldn’t. When I caught evidence on an investigation if I was alone, I knew it was the real thing, and not just noise from another living person. 
I stepped out of my car, pushed my sunglasses on top of my head and peered up at the huge structure. So far, I wasn’t picking up any vibes from the place, good or bad. But that didn’t always mean anything. 
I walked around for a couple of minutes checking out the surroundings before I heard a car approaching. Turning around, I watched it slowly make its way up the drive, assuming it would be Monica. 
As the car rolled to a stop I moved a little closer to it. A woman was driving, and from the concerned look splashed across her face, I knew it had to be Monica. She waved warily, and slowly climbed out from behind the wheel. 
“Monica?” I inquired. 
“Yes. Hi, Larue. I’m so glad you made it safely. Did you have any problems on your drive? Or did you have any problems finding the mansion?”
“No, no problems. Just the typical bad drivers.” I laughed. 
She gave me a half-hearted giggle. I knew she wasn’t in the mood for humor right then, though. She must have had one hell of an experience in the place to be so scared that she didn’t want to even drive up to the area. I thought about her actions, and realized I probably shouldn’t be going in alone, but my partners couldn’t make it anyway, and Monica had been so desperate I hadn’t had the heart to make her wait. 
“Are you sure you want to go in there alone? What if something happens?” She visibly shuddered as the last sentence came out of her mouth.
“I’ll be fine. I have my rosary beads, cross, bible and holy water. If it’s dangerous, trust me, I’ll come out of there. I know the top demonologist in the world. If it’s really bad, I can give him a call. I won’t risk doing anything on my own if it’s really unsafe. I can tell you that most of the time ghosts just want attention, although being pushed down the stairs is obviously an extremely aggressive behavior. I promise I’ll be fine. Please don’t worry about it too much. At least try not to worry. This is what I do.” I smiled, trying to reassure her.
“All right. You’re the expert. Here are the keys.” Monica shrugged and handed me the keys and a piece of paper. “Here’s the number for security and, of course, there’s always 911.” She laughed nervously. “When do you think you’ll be finished?”
“I’ll hang out all day and most of the night. I’ll see what happens. Of course, I can’t promise I can help you, or make the ghost disappear. I’ll try my best, though. It’s just that there are no guarantees in this business.”
“Thank you so much, Larue. And good luck.” She quickly jumped back into her car and rushed down the driveway. She wasn’t wasting any time in getting out of there. Poor thing. 
I grabbed my bag from the trunk of my car and slowly trudged up the front steps, taking in everything around me on my way to the door. I sat my bag down on the veranda, placed the key in the lock and twisted the knob. 
Pushing the large wooden door open, I felt the air grow heavy as soon as it swung ajar. I grabbed my bag and walked in, pushing the massive door shut behind me. It creaked loudly, announcing the presence of a guest to any spirits lurking in the shadows that might be listening. 
In front of me was a large round table with an oversized floral centerpiece in the middle. It had the biggest roses I’d ever seen, but obviously the flowers weren’t real. I placed my bag on the edge of the table as I glanced around the room. A clock ticking was the only noise. Its steady tick-tock echoed throughout the entire first floor. I pulled my camera out of my bag and draped the strap around my neck, then grabbed my temperature gun with one hand and recorder with the other. 
Taking in a deep breath, I decided to start on the top floor first. With another deep sigh, I began to climb the spiral staircase, waiting anxiously for the first appearance of the ghost I’d heard so much about. I wondered if it would even make its presence known. 
There was no guarantee it would come around while I was there, I just had to hope for the best. Most people would pray that a ghost wouldn’t show up. I, on the other hand, was always wishing they would. Another crazy part of the job was that I had no idea when the ghost would pop out, or if it would push me down the stairs like it had Monica.
Suddenly, I heard footsteps somewhere above me, possibly coming from the third floor. Something was stirring up there and I would bet it wasn’t a mouse. I slithered up the stairs like a cat burglar and rounded the landing into the hallway. 
Clump. Clump. Clump. The footsteps were definitely coming my way. 
My heart rate began to climb as visions of me falling all the way down that spiral staircase flashed into my head. As I started my pursuit down the long hallway I sensed a presence, and glanced to my left. 
There, coming from the door just steps in front of me, was a foggy mist. It swirled and danced in the air, whipping around in a graceful motion. If I hadn’t had reports of the spirit being aggressive, I would have sworn the emotion coming from the mist was nothing but serene and peaceful. 
I slowly raised my camera to snap a few pictures, but by then the mist was dissipating. The place became quiet once again. No footsteps could be heard, and the clock ticking downstairs was silenced by distance. Slowly, I made my way through every room on the floor, but nothing else appeared. 
Just as I’d finished checking the rooms, my stomach growled and reminded me I hadn’t eaten lunch before I’d arrived at the mansion. 
After my first few investigations, I’d finally wised up and remembered to pack some food to energize me through the long process of helping spirits. I decided to head back downstairs and grab a quick snack. It might be a long time before the spirit manifested again, if it even did. An apparition takes a lot of energy to manifest; it will take this power from any source it can find, like batteries or even me. That’s why I was always so drained after an investigation. 
I moved back down the stairs intending to grab my bag from the table where I had left it earlier. When I reached the table, the bag was gone. I set out to search for it, moving through the foyer into the dining room. Scanning the room, I saw my bag was nowhere in sight, so I moved on into the kitchen area. It wasn’t there, either. 
I got the distinct feeling someone, or something, was playing games with me. I looped back around the back area of the mansion and ended up in the parlor. My stomach was really grumbling at that point. My bag was not in the parlor, either. 
“I want my bag back. I’m hungry and I don’t have time for your games,” I yelled. 
I get grumpy when I’m hungry.
Something in the foyer fell with a deafening crash. That got my attention. I ran to the room, and discovered my bag lying on the ground beside the table where I’d left it earlier. I had no idea how it had happened, but I knew the bag hadn’t been there minutes earlier. I snatched the bag from the floor and ignored the incident. Evidently, someone was just trying to get my attention. I perched on the bottom step of the staircase and pulled out my snacks.
I’d just taken the first bite from my apple when the footsteps made their presence known again. I sure was getting my workout for the day climbing those stairs. This time the sound of the steps seemed to be coming from the second floor, and they seemed closer. When I reached the landing and faced the second floor hallway, I felt a cold breeze fly through me and my whole body stiffened for a brief instant. 
At that moment, I was dazed and struck by an overwhelming sense of sadness. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a figure peeking out at me from around the side of a door.
It was a woman; I could see her from the waist up as she leaned around the side of the door, just as casually as any living human would do. Her face was full of sadness and she was beautiful as she stared inquisitively at me. 
Abruptly, she floated from the door with infinite grace. In one fluid motion, she drifted into the hallway in plain view so I caught a quick glimpse of her. She glided as if she were dancing a cotillion. Her gown draped to the floor, concealing her feet, so I didn’t know if they were even there. She was swathed in silk and lace. Her dress was intricate, and she exuded elegance. 
Her expression turned to disdain as she looked at me, before gently lowering her gaze. 
“I’m the lady of the house.” That’s all she said, but her words were clear. 
“Hello, my name is Larue.”
Surely, this couldn’t be the spirit everyone had been afraid of? She looked like an angel. Then it hit me, maybe the vision in front of me was just a façade and what I was really witnessing was pure evil, a demon in disguise. 
A demon could take on the appearance of what it thinks you will respond positively to. This lady was definitely someone I would respond positively to, she looked so innocent. The woman was still standing and staring at me from the same spot. Under my breath I recited the Lord’s Prayer. Better safe than sorry, I figured. 
“I’m here to help you.” I paused. “What’s your name?”
“What are you doing in my house? My husband will be here soon. If he finds you here, he will be furious,” she said as she looked around frantically. She continued. “I was sick, and he went for the doctor, and that was the last time I saw him. It has been a long time, so I know he will be home rather soon now.” She peered around as if hoping to catch sight of him.
Definitely the hardest part of my job was explaining the situation to the spirits. How did I make clear to her that her husband was not coming back for her? I imagined she must have died before her husband had come back with the doctor, and she’d never realized what had really happened to her. My heart hurt for her. 
My job never got any easier, no matter how many times I did it. Luckily, so far, I was safe from demons. I held my breath that the situation wouldn’t soon turn violent and she was who she said she was.
“When did you last see your husband?”
She frowned and gave me a confused look. She didn’t answer the question. 
I asked again, “When did you last see your husband? Can you remember the date?” 
She lowered her gaze.
“Your husband is in another place now. He won’t be coming back here. I know he’s sad without you and wants to see you. Don’t you want to go where he is and finally see him again?” Her answer I knew depended on what type of husband he was. Had he left his dirty clothes on the floor? Had he been a slob? Lucky for her, I was pretty sure he hadn’t spent all of his Saturday mornings back then at the golf course.
“No!” 
I was shocked she could raise her voice that loudly. 
“I don’t want to leave my home; I know he will come back for me. I will stay here until he returns.” 
I nodded my head at her, letting her know I understood. But I couldn’t let her continue to believe that.
“I’m sorry, but he really won’t be back, he can’t come back here. He is in another place now.” I shifted my feet. “Do remember seeing a very bright light? Maybe you felt drawn to the light?” 
She remained quiet. 
“He is in that light you saw. You can find him there. I promise you’ll be all right.” 
She walked away from me. Effortlessly, she glided into the room from where she’d peered out at me a few minutes earlier. 
Carefully, I moved toward the room, still praying she wasn’t some violent demonic force waiting for the perfect opportunity to attack me. Reaching into my pocket, I pulled out my rosary beads and held them tightly in my hand. 
The door was closed. The ghost had slid through, no need for her to open it. I’d often wondered why ghosts didn’t know they were dead, but accepted their ability to pass through walls, doors, and other things. I’d never gotten an answer. Even Abe was tight-lipped on that one. I figured they’d been sworn to secrecy. 
As I twisted the knob, I held my breath and waited for what was to come. I opened the door slowly, and so far so good, no pushes or punches came at me. My eyes scanning around the room, I saw her sitting on the bed. 
Her head was in her hands and she appeared to be weeping. It was extremely difficult to console a distressed ghost, as I’m sure anyone could imagine. I couldn’t exactly embrace her in a comforting hug.
“Can you tell me your name?” 
She snapped her head up quickly to look at me as if she was angered by my presence. I was there in her home, invading her space and privacy. She gave me an angry glare; she didn’t look so innocent at that point. 
“I’m sorry. I’m only here to help you. Please can’t you tell me your name? I told you mine.”
Her expression eased somewhat, then she turned her head away and looked at the wall. 
I continued talking to her. I wasn’t leaving without exhausting every attempt I could to help her move on. 
“I’ve heard you have been upset with the people who are in your home. Have you been pushing people? You don’t seem like the type of person who would be that aggressive.” 
“They don’t belong here and I want them to leave. This is my home and my husband will be very angry with them!” she shouted.
It was going to be very hard, if not impossible for me to convince her. If I couldn’t get rid of her, at least maybe I could get her to be nice to the people in the home. And tell her not to bother Monica anymore.
“You know your husband is very sad you’re not with him, and that he hasn’t seen you in such a long time.”
That brought more weeping from her, and she held her head in her hands once again. Ugh. It seemed like I just couldn’t say the right thing.
What I did next was the craziest thing I had ever attempted. It was the first time I ever volunteered to have a ghost come home with me. I guess I was just a big pushover. But I felt bad for her, plus I didn’t want Monica to be upset any longer. At least that way, I could take my time and work on convincing her to go into the light to join her husband. 
She had been reluctant, of course, but I convinced her I was the key to finding her husband. I promised if I didn’t help her, she could come back to her home. To my surprise, she actually said she was happy to have someone to talk to about her predicament.
I was sure her husband was wondering if she would ever arrive there. No doubt he was sad. It was a good thing none of the spirits needed their own room or I’d have to open my own hotel to accommodate them. Hotel de la Larue. 
I trudged back downstairs, still uncertain of what I’d just gotten myself into, but I had to ask myself, could she possibly be any worse than the others I was already sharing my home and business with? I pulled the cellphone from the bottom of my bag and hit redial, since Monica was the last person I had called. She picked up after three rings. 
“Hi Monica, it’s Larue.”
“Is everything all right?” she asked with worry in her voice.
“Yes, everything is fine. I’m all done here.”
“You’re all done? Already? That was fast.” 
I knew she would be shocked. Everyone always was. They expected a long drawn-out process.
“Yes, it wasn’t easy, but I think I’ve solved your problem.”
I didn’t want to go into specifics with her. In no way did I want to confide that I was taking her ghost home with me. I could just imagine how insane that would sound to the average person, to someone that hadn’t been seeing spirits their entire life.
“I don’t know what to say. I’m somewhat ashamed to admit I was skeptical of you at first. But then again, I was skeptical of ghosts and hauntings at first, too. Then I started working at Manchester. That all changed quickly, as you can see.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m used to people being highly skeptical of me and what I do.”
“Is there anything thing else we need to do after you leave? Any special instructions?”
Normally I would tell her to burn sage around the place for cleansing, but in her case, there wasn’t anything to cleanse. I was taking what needed cleansing with me.
“No, nothing at all. Would you like for me to drop the keys off for you? I think I’m going to start my way back home, although I probably will stop for the night at a hotel.” 
“Please be careful out there, it can be so dangerous on the road, especially since you are all alone.” 
Little did she know I wasn’t exactly ‘all alone’ on my ride home. 
“You can leave the keys with the security guard at the front gate, if you’d like. Larue, I don’t know how to thank you. I’ll be forever grateful.”
“It’s what I enjoy doing. You don’t have to thank me. Remember, if you need anything just call me. Any time.”
“And you’re sure it will be safe to go back in? I’m just so nervous. I mean I thought I was going to die the other day. I can’t work in those conditions, where I fear for my life.”
“I promise you, it is safe for you to go back in. I wouldn’t tell you to do that if I didn’t think it were safe. If you still have reservations about the stairs maybe you could do all of your work on the first floor for a while? Just until you feel safe. But I feel confident you won’t be having any more problems. And remember if you need me, I’m only a phone call away.”
Monica seemed hesitant and I could understand her apprehension. If I didn’t see the ghosts and couldn’t communicate with them, I would feel the same way. 
As I headed back onto the interstate with my ghost in the passenger seat—her name was Vivian, I’d discovered—my cellphone rang. 
“When are you coming home?” Mindy asked, slightly panicked.
“Actually, I’m headed back right now, although I’ll probably stop soon for the night. I’m so tired and I don’t want to drive like this. You sound upset, is there something wrong?”
She paused and I instantly became concerned.
“Did you breakup with Robert?” My voice was higher pitched than I’d meant for it to be.
“No, no. It’s nothing like that.” 
She paused again.
“Well get on with it, Mindy. You’re driving me crazy here. I may wreck my car if you don’t tell me soon.”
“It’s Brianna.”
“Yes… What about her? Let me guess, she’s dating one of the men from the Assisted Living facility?” I snickered at my own joke.
“It’s Callahan,” she muttered.
Chapter 9

It felt good to be home. I collapsed onto my sofa; I was exhausted after my long trip. Not only did I have a woman who’d died in 1881 with me, but I’d also picked up a Native American chief along the way. 
Do not ask. 
Luckily, I did manage to get him to cross over, just after I crossed the Kentucky state line. 
I now sat nestled in my favorite spot, going over the past few days in my mind. I’d called Mindy back when I was almost home and she’d finally told me she’d spotted Callahan and Brianna all over town together. 
Some people in town had said they’d seen the couple and that they’d looked rather cozy together. With a small town like Magnolia, it was hard to hide, and word spread like wildfire. Needless to say, that information was not exactly what I’d been expecting to hear. 
After a short while, a sharp rap at my door startled me back to reality. I’d never gotten over the mysterious sounds of knocking on doors, whispers and footsteps. Occupational hazard, I guess. I shuffled over to the door and swung it open to see Mindy standing huddled under the little porch awning, impatiently tapping her toe. 
“What took you so long?”
“Sorry. I was daydreaming on the sofa.”
“What the hell have you been doing? You look beat,” Mindy said gliding in my front door.
“I am. It was a long drive and I’m starving.”
“Well, that’s what this is for.” Mindy held up a white sack. 
My mouth instantly watered. I knew exactly what was inside. The best hamburgers and fries I’d ever tasted. The little hole-in-the-wall diner the sack came from didn’t look like much, but their food was heavenly.
“Bless you,” I said, grabbing the bag like I’d been stranded on a deserted island for years.
“I’ll grab us a couple of diet cokes from the fridge,” Mindy offered as she bounced to the kitchen.
I curled back onto the sofa, into my favorite spot, with my bag of treasures. Opening it carefully to enjoy the whiff of aromatic cuisine, I stuck my nose into it.
I pulled the napkins out and made an impromptu tablecloth with them on my coffee table. Times like this called for the comfy dining atmosphere that only my sofa could provide.
I placed the food on the napkins and popped a fry from Mindy’s stack into my mouth. I needed all the extra energy I could get, and she wouldn’t miss one fry.
“Hey. Hands off my fries,” she shrieked.
I swallowed the fry quickly and gave her a sheepish smile. Maybe she would miss a single fry.
“Something just doesn’t seem right to me about the whole situation.” Mindy handed me the can of soda.
“No, I’ll tell you what the situation is. Obviously, the guy is a jerk like every other guy I’ve ever met.” I heard a cough from the other room. 
“Except for you guys,” I yelled to Mr. Haynes and President Lincoln. 
Mindy glanced over her shoulder into the kitchen.
“It’s so sad,” I said, popping open the can. “I just got a different vibe from this one. I thought he was different from all the rest. I’m usually such a good judge of character, you know?”
“Well, the sooner you learn that all men are alike, the better off you’ll be.”
“What about Robert? Do you feel that way about him?” I dipped a fry in my mound of ketchup.
“Absolutely. He’s just like all the rest.” 
“That’s not healthy. How can you be in a relationship with someone when you feel like that?” 
“Look, you just pick the one that’s least like a jerk. But, to some extent, they’re all like that.” Mindy took a huge bite of her burger.
I took a bite of my burger, ketchup oozing out the sides, and contemplated her words. Wiping my mouth with my tiny sliver of napkin, I said, “I don’t think I agree with you. Sorry.”
She just shrugged her shoulders.
Obviously, I’d never change her mind. I wasn’t sure at what point Mindy had become so jaded about men. I did know that she’d always felt that way to some extent, though it had gotten progressively worse over the years. She’d had her share of bad dates too, so I guessed it had eventually gotten to her.
“Maybe we should be more worried about Brianna. I mean, the way she acts, she’s vicious. She probably only wants him because you were interested in him,” Mindy said, shooting me a glance as she shoved a French fry in her mouth.
Mindy was probably right.
“No, I’m telling you, I have a strange feeling about her.” Mindy reiterated. 
I crumbled up my used napkin and threw it in the empty bag. I wished I had another fry.
 “I know what we should do! We should go spy on her. Let’s go see if he’s at her house,” Mindy said, polishing off her food with a strange twinkle in her eye.
“What? Spy on her? No way! I’m just going to let it go,” I said with a wave of my hand. “I mean, yes, he is gorgeous. The most gorgeous guy I’ve ever seen, actually, but I’m not even going to get involved with a two-timer. A snake in the grass.”
Mindy sank down on the sofa just a little more. “I don’t know. The scene the other day I saw in her shop was weird. Just kind of creepy. It gave me chills, and it still does.” Mindy said, brushing a dirty blond curl away from her eyes.
I nodded. “Yeah she is kind of creepy. Did you ever notice that weird look she gets in her eyes?”
Mindy laughed. “Yes! I’ve noticed that, and it is so weird. So, what do you say? Let’s go see what she’s up to. She won’t see us, I promise.”
A few minutes later we were in my car, driving in the direction of Brianna’s home. I was navigating a curve while Mindy was digging around in the bottomless pit she called a purse.
“Ah ha!” 
I glanced over to see what she’d pulled out of the cavern.
“You brought your binoculars? Why am I not surprised?”
“I come prepared for everything. I have anything you could possibly ever need in this baby.” She gave her bag a pat.
“We’re going to get caught snooping around, you know that, right? Brianna will call the police, we’ll be arrested, booked, and our mug shots taken. I’ll have to call my mother to bail me out of jail. If that’s not bad enough, then I’ll get a year in prison and lose the bookstore. Then, when I finally get out of prison, I’ll be homeless. All because you wanted to spy on Brianna.” 
Mindy rolled her eyes at me. 
“What?” I said. 
“Are you finished being a drama queen?”
“No, not quite. I’ll let you know when I’m done.” 
She glared at me and I couldn’t help but laugh.
“You know you want to.”
“You are a bad influence.”
“What’s your point?”
“All right, we have to be quiet, though, or we really will be caught, and my prediction will come eerily true. We’ll both be wearing orange for a very long time. And you know how bad I look in orange.”
Mindy nodded. “You do look bad in orange.”
Zipping my car onto Brianna’s street, I pulled up to the curb about a block from Brianna’s home. Her house sat in Magnolia’s most luxurious neighborhood; huge homes, swimming pools and lots of gated entries. Luckily, Brianna’s wasn’t one of the secured ones. 
As I turned off the ignition, I was sure someone was going to notice us sneaking around. They probably had one of those neighborhood watch things. 
Mindy especially stuck out like a sore thumb. She’d never been one for subtlety. I loved her dearly, but she had a penchant for loud clothing. Today she wore a skin-tight black sweater, which would be fine if paired with, say, a pair of jeans? But Mindy preferred bright yellow pants, giving her a not-so-discreet bumblebee effect. 
It was not exactly subtle attire for spying on someone. Maybe we should have worn camouflage. Nonetheless, Mindy was confident in her skin, so that’s all that mattered. Quickly, we dashed over and hid behind some tall shrubbery. For the most part it was silent, except for the cute little birds chirping on a tree branch across the way. Looking around to see if the coast was clear, we then snuck around to a line of trees near her house. We were close enough that, with the binoculars, we’d have a good view, but far enough away we felt safe that we wouldn’t be caught. Or, should I say, Mindy felt safe enough that we wouldn’t be caught?
Mindy pulled the binoculars up to her eyes and began feverishly tweaking the dial. 
“I can’t get the damn things to focus. That’s what I get for buying the cheap ones,” she mumbled. 
Finally, after a few seconds passed, she began spanning the length of Brianna’s house. 
“This is so wrong. You do realize that, right?”
“Yeah, yeah. It’s wrong, blah blah blah.” She gestured with one hand at me, all the while looking at Brianna’s window.
“Why do I listen to you?” I whispered. “You always talk me into something crazy like this. Yet I continue to listen to you.”
“You love it.”
“Ugh. I do not love it. What would Callahan think? I’ll tell you what he’d think,” I said before she had time to answer. “I’m some deranged stalker is what he would think.”
“Trust me, he’d probably thank you if he knew what an evil woman Brianna really was.”
“Do you see anything? Because if not, I think we should just go. We need to get the heck out of here while we still can.” I glanced over my shoulder to see if anyone was watching us.
“I don’t see her. She’s probably getting her beauty sleep. That, or sacrificing small animals, or whatever she does in her spare time.”
“That’s it. I’m leaving. Come on,” I whispered sternly as I grabbed her arm.
“Wait, there she is.” Mindy pointed with one hand, while holding the binoculars steady with the other. She really knew how to use those things. 
I wondered how many others she had spied on in the past.
My shoulders tensed up and my pulse increased. Now we really were spying. Before, we actually hadn’t seen Brianna, and I figured that made it not technically a crime. But eyeing her in her home? That was definitely illegal.
“What the hell is she wearing?” Mindy snapped. “She looks like she just stepped out of a Dr. Seuss book.” 
She was one to talk, I thought, but I didn’t dare say that aloud. 
“What’s she wearing?” I couldn’t resist asking.
“Some weird dress with geometric print all over it. Do you want a peek?” 
“No… no thanks.” 
I turned to slink back to my car and from out of the bushes beside me a black cat leapt across my feet, hissing in disapproval at me. Evidently he wasn’t happy I had disturbed him. I clutched at my chest to keep my heart from popping out.
“Get back over here,” Mindy whispered. “You’ve got to see this.”
“What is it?” I hissed. I had to admit, I was more than a little curious.
“Have you ever seen anyone stuff pizza in their face like that?” Mindy snorted.
“Right. I’m out of here.” I waved my hand goodbye.
Emerging from the trees, I slithered my way toward my car, scanning the area to see if we’d been noticed. So far, it seemed, we were safe. 
I felt like a cat burglar, though. All that was missing was a black turtleneck, pants and a ski mask. The craziest part of my cat burglar scenario was that it wasn’t even dark yet, and I wasn’t trying to sneak into Brianna’s home. 
No, Mindy and I were just watching her eat pizza. Maybe we had officially lost our minds. What had I stooped to? Finally, as I reached the car, Mindy came running after me. She realized I was seriously leaving. I slid into the driver seat. 
“Get in the car before I leave your ass here,” I yelped.
I thought about pulling out and making her run for the car. Somehow she’d get me back someday for that prank, so I figured I’d be nice. She did deserve it, though.
Mindy was giggling breathlessly as she jumped into the car. Feverishly, I pulled away from the curb, thankful for not being caught.
“Well that was incredibly close. I swear we almost got caught,” I gasped.
Mindy was still giggling like we were in high school and had just tee-peed someone’s house.
“We didn’t almost get caught. No one even saw us.”
“That’s what you think. Someone may have seen us.”
I steered the car out of the subdivision. Iron gates leading down tree-lined driveways on either side of me enclosed my car. With security like that, I was sure prying eyes were watching us.
“We need to forget about the whole little fiasco. I think I’ve had enough fun for one evening, what about you?” 
“Not really,” she snorted through laughter.
“You are so silly,” I laughed.
“I’m going home and turning in early. I need my rest after all of this fun we’ve been having.”
“Do you spy on people often?” The voice came from behind me.
I jumped slightly; I hadn’t expected anyone to have come along for the evening ride. 
“No, I don’t spy on people often, only when my crazy best friend forces me to.” 
Mindy whipped her head around. “Oh, that creeps me out. I don’t know how you ever get used to that. Who’s back there? Is it Abe?”
“No. It’s Mr. Haynes. Do you remember him? He owned the gas station over on Fourth and Main.”
“It was on Fifth and Main.”
“I’m sorry, he corrected me. It was Fifth and Main.”
“Oh yeah, sure I remember Mr. Haynes. Tell him I said hello.” She smiled wide and nodded to the back seat.
“He can hear you, you know. Just because you can’t hear him, doesn’t mean he can’t hear you. He says to tell you hello.” Ugh. Now they were having a conversation through me. “He wants to know how your parents are.” 
“Oh they’re good. Dad is busy as ever and Mom is trying to work less.”
I rolled my eyes. “He says that’s lovely. Did your dad ever buy that boat? All right! You know, I’m sorry, I’m too stressed for this conversation. Can you two chitchat some other time?” I huffed. “Great, now I hurt his feelings. He’s gone. Everyone is so darn sensitive.”
“Well, you were a little snippy with him. He just wanted to know about the boat,” she mumbled.
I gave her my best are-you-kidding-me look. 
“I just need to go home and relax before work tomorrow. No more crazy friend making me spy on people, and no ghosts interrupting my thoughts.”
Mindy was still giggling when she slid into her car and took off. 
I was glad she could laugh about it. Stepping along the stone-paved sidewalk leading to my front door, I couldn’t help but chuckle at the way Mindy had behaved. She always had been a bit wild. I didn’t hesitate to climb into bed after giving a stern warning to my gang of ghosts that I did not want to be disturbed. 
No walking around, no whispering and no late night karaoke. They all promised—all but one. Mrs. Williams. She was still angry with me for not contacting her husband. I needed to invest in a good pair of earplugs.
Chapter 10

The next morning, I woke up to Mrs. Williams singing as loud as she could in my ear. Her song of choice was I Will Survive. 
Very funny. Surprisingly, she had respected my wishes and waited until morning before beginning her recital. Technically, I had said: Don’t sing during the night. 
I tried to ignore it at first, covering my ears with my pillow, but when she saw me do that, she glided over and sat down on the bed beside me, leaning in close. On her final off-key glory note, I jumped out of bed.
I simply had to get rid of her STAT. I didn’t need her as my alarm clock. 
After Mindy forcing me to attend her sleuthing excursion, I was feeling confused and rather downhearted. Was something really going on between Callahan and Brianna, or was Mindy exaggerating? She wouldn’t make it up on purpose, but honestly, sometimes she didn’t see things as they really were. 
After a quick shower, I grabbed a protein bar and trudged my way to work like a chicken with an egg broken inside it. I pulled my coupe up to the curb in front of Book Nook and sat there for a while, gazing out onto the street in front of me. 
Apprehension consumed me and I didn’t know why. Where was I going with my life? Nearly all of my friends were dead people. I guess I would call them friends, except for Mrs. Williams. I went around talking to the thin air, and I struggled to hide the fact from everyone. Mindy and my family were the only people who knew about the abilities. 
I was confused about Callahan. I had thought our date had gone really well, and then, the minute I’d left town, he’d cozied up with someone else. Maybe Mindy just thought she’d seen them together. Maybe it wasn’t at all like it seemed. Then again, that was probably wishful thinking on my part. 
Perhaps I was doomed to be forever boyfriend-less. Instead of a lonely cat lady, with a million cats to talk to, I’d be the lonely ghost lady, with a million ghosts to talk to. Even if I did get a boyfriend, would I ever to able to share my supernatural secret with him? I’d never been able to in the past.
I forced myself out of my car and to the front door, never looking at the coffee shop just steps away. As I opened up the store and turned the sign to Come on in, my gang of ghosts trudged past me like they were reporting for work as well. We really had developed our own little routine. Basically, they followed me everywhere I went, whatever my routine was, it was theirs too. 
“You really should organize these books better. I can’t find anything,” Abe said.
I rolled my eyes. Oh yeah, and all of them were full of advice.
“She’s too man crazy to do something like that,” Mrs. Williams snorted. 
I ignored her nasty comment.
Midway through the store sat the counter, secure against the left wall. That was my space for most of the days I spent at work. I completed transactions there. I ate my breakfast and lunch there when people weren’t watching, and I did my fair share of daydreaming there as well. Like today. 
Instead of getting work done, I was staring at a shelf of books and daydreaming. What I wouldn’t do for one of those delicious lattes... 
I had my chin propped up on my hands as I stared out at the shelves of books in front of me. Maybe I should just sneak over real quick and grab a tasty chocolate covered cherry latte. What harm could that cause? Possibly, if there were a lot of customers I wouldn’t even have to talk to Callahan much, and I could snatch my order and dash out. 
No, I had to be strong and not give in to my caffeine addiction. Because that’s all it was really, just my caffeine-fiend thoughts swirling around in my mind.
Besides, I was angry with him anyway, way too angry to stroll into his shop. All right, too angry or too hurt? I think maybe it was both. 
I thought of myself as a pretty good catch. I was independent, strong and, I’ve been told, pretty, so what was the problem? He didn’t even know that I saw dead people. And I don’t advertise my ghost hunting. Not that I’m ashamed of it or anything. But some people do like to label anything dealing with the paranormal as just silliness. Those same people always come around at Halloween time, though, wanting to be spooked and to know everything about ghost hunting.
Luckily, it had turned out to be a busy day and I’d forgotten about my desire for coffee and… All right, I’ll admit it, my minor craving for a peek at Callahan. The hectic grind had also kept my mind off of the bombshell Mindy had laid on me—that Callahan and Brianna appeared to be a couple. 
I’d even gotten a call to check out a haunted location in New York. Now that really would get my mind off of things. Look out New York, here I come. I told them I’d make arrangements and call them later in the week to confirm. It would probably be a couple of weeks before I could get away, but it would be an adventure. I’d always wanted to visit the Statue of Liberty. 
Yes, with all the activity, I hadn’t had time to think about Callahan and his sweet kisses, or the way his hands had felt while holding me tight, and the way his smile made me feel. 
I’d just finished helping a customer and was guiding them to the register when the bell tinkled in my ear, letting me know another customer had entered. That coupon I’d placed in the local paper sure was paying off. I looked over to greet them and then, in an instant, my stomach sank. Moving down the aisle, coming toward me, was Callahan, looking as handsome as ever.
Needless to say, I was shocked that he was there. I’d just accepted what Mindy had told me to be reality. If she’d said Callahan was with Brianna, then it must be true. I’d assumed I’d never talk to him again. At least I’d only talk to him if I’d gone to his shop or, perhaps one day, run into him in the grocery store, or something like that. But instead, he was standing in the middle of Book Nook looking as handsome as ever. 
Was it possible for him to look better than he had before I’d left? What was he doing? Why was he paying me a visit? 
He smiled his broad smile at me, and I couldn’t help but get a tingle all over. 
Did he get that feeling when he looked at me? Or did he get that feeling for every woman he saw? As long as I lived, I’d never be able to understand men. They can be inane, completely immature and sometimes downright cruel. What’s that saying? Men: can’t live with them, can’t live without them.
After looking up to see who I was staring at, Abe gave me a sympathetic look as he walked closer to hear what was about to be said. Abe beamed at Callahan. 
Did he not realize the man was a potential womanizer? Mr. Yummy was accused of one of the worst dating offensives possible. Did Abe think I was supposed to be forgiving of that? 
I wasn’t sure how things had worked in 1865, but in this day and age it wasn’t going to work that way. Not for me, at least. 
I turned my gaze over to Vivian and she had the same he’s-a-good-guy look in her eyes. I wasn’t buying it though; I wasn’t giving in to his charms that easily. 
Callahan looked over his shoulder. 
Damn, he must have seen me looking at Vivian. I wanted to shoo Vivian and Abe away, but that would be painfully obvious. Me waving frantically at invisible things over his shoulder. How would I explain that? Oh, don’t worry Callahan, I’m just brushing off President Lincoln and some long dead southern belle. Never mind me. He’d call for a straight jacket for sure.
Callahan cleared his throat. “How was your trip?” He held out his hand and offered me the cup of steaming coffee in it.
“Fine.” I grabbed the cup and set it down. I didn’t want to be too rude, but not too friendly, either. I couldn’t believe he’d brought me coffee. I wondered if it was chocolate covered cherry. 
“I just wanted to tell you, again, what a wonderful time I had the other night.” 
I bet he says that to all the girls. I imagined he had a wonderful time with Brianna as well.
“I kept an eye on your store for you, even though I knew your friend was there. I figured I could help out some, too.”
That wasn’t the only thing he’d kept his eye on.
“Thank you,” I said.
I fidgeted and shifted my feet. Having him standing that close in front of me made me nervous. To my surprise, judging by the expression on Callahan’s face, he looked nervous, too. 
“I was wondering if you’d like to go out again tonight. That’s if you’re not busy.” His voice was almost a whisper. 
I had to strain just to hear him. Why was he whispering? It was almost as if he was afraid someone would hear him, but for all he knew, we were completely alone. 
He couldn’t see what I could see or hear what I could hear. Could he? Could he see the ghostly apparitions moving effortlessly around the room? Could he hear the whispers and chatter from the corners of the spaces? 
Callahan was patiently staring at me, waiting for an answer. 
I hated being put on the spot like that. Abe and Vivian were pacing behind Callahan nodding yes, vigorously. It wasn’t fair for me, three against one. I could tell him I was busy, but I never had been a good liar. He’d see right through my fib. 
Maybe I should give him one more chance, see if he mentions Brianna. Mindy may kill me, though, but for whatever crazy reason, I decided to take my chances.
“What did you have in mind?”
I took another sip of my drink, trying to appear casual. He had remembered chocolate covered cherry. Too bad I didn’t have the will power not to drink his coffee.
“Maybe we could grab some pizza after work? I really had a great time the other night, Larue. I really want to get to know you better.” A smile twitched at the corner of his mouth.
All right, now I was convinced he was up to something. I had to say yes, just so I could get to the bottom of it, and find out what his motives really were. Seriously, that’s a legitimate reason. It wasn’t because of his baby blues. Most certainly not.
“I like pizza.” I said softly. Now I was sounding downright aloof. 
Callahan furrowed his brow and frowned. I think he was confused by my detachment.
“Would you like to go right after work or later than that? I’m free all night, so just tell me when.”
“How about seven?” I said in a lighter tone. I didn’t want to be too harsh.
“Sounds good, can I pick you up?”
No way.
“I have some things to do first, so I’ll just meet you at the restaurant. I suppose we’re going to Pie in the Sky?” 
Considering that was the only real pizza place in town, I’d assumed that was where he’d meant. I smiled at him, and he still looked a little bothered by my behavior from before, so I almost felt sorry for him. I say almost because I suddenly had a vision of Brianna flash through my mind. 
Abe and Vivian were beaming as they glanced back and forth between me and Callahan, apparently happy with their matchmaking abilities. Mrs. Williams was quietly watching the scene from the corner of the room. Thankfully, she wasn’t singing or badgering me, although she’d probably just follow me on my date and then break out into song. 
The longer she had to wait for me to speak to her husband the more aggressive she became. Last night I had stopped by and tried to talk to him, but he just wouldn’t talk to me. The poor guy was really depressed. 
I’d promised her I’d keep trying, but it wasn’t fast enough to suit her. The longer it took, the angrier she got.
“I’ll see you at the restaurant. I’m really looking forward to tonight,” Callahan grinned.
If I didn’t answer that statement, I knew for sure he’d think I didn’t like him anymore. But did it really matter what he thought? From what Mindy said, by all accounts Brianna and Callahan were together, but just how together I didn’t know. I was so confused. 
“I’m looking forward to it too,” I finally managed to answer.
He smiled, turned and walked to the door. Turning his head, he gave one more grin, and then strolled out the door.
I tried to sound normal, like I didn’t have suspicions in my mind. As I watched him disappear around the corner, I wondered what I’d just gotten myself into. Why on earth was I agreeing to a date? Indubitably it was because he was gorgeous.
As soon as he was out of sight, I called Mindy to tell her what I’d agreed to. When she answered, I abruptly chickened out. 
“What’s up?” she said merrily into the phone. 
Her cheery tone scared me away from breaking the news to her over the phone. Although, over the phone, she couldn’t kill me.
“Where are you?” I asked casually.
“Why?”
“Are you coming over?”
“As a matter of fact, I am.” 
Just then the bell tinkled, grabbing my attention. 
“I’m here now,” Mindy said as I looked at her walking through the door, cellphone at her ear.
Chapter 11

“Where are the doughnuts?”
“You said you didn’t want doughnuts. You need to lose five pounds, remember? Besides, doughnuts are for mornings.”
“I know I said that, but I’m shocked you really believed me. And doughnuts are for any time, not just mornings.” I laughed. 
She shrugged. “You tell me to do something and I do it.” 
“Yeah, right. You never do anything I tell you to do.” 
“Do you think we can hang up now?”
We both giggled and clicked our phones shut in unison.
“Where did you get that?” she shrieked, pointing at the tall paper cup perched on the counter.
“I…um…” I was in serious trouble.
“Spit it out, now. I want all the details of how this hot, steaming cup of coffee got here.” Mindy snatched up the cup and waved it in the air. “I know it’s not an old cup because it still has steam coming off it,” she barked.
“Callahan brought it to me,” I mumbled. 
“Why?” Mindy plopped her giant purse down on the counter.
I shrugged.
“You do know why. Save yourself the agony and tell me now.”
I gave her a sheepish grin.
“I can’t believe you are talking to him after I specifically told you not to. I told you he was with that tart. You shouldn’t even let him in the door. Ban him from setting foot in this place.”
“He asked me out for another date,” I mumbled, thinking maybe she wouldn’t hear me. Maybe she would just drop the subject. Who was I kidding?
“I hope you told him no and where to go. And hopefully you told him where to stick this coffee cup of his as well.” She gave me a furious glare.
“Actually, I told him yes.” I almost ducked, afraid she might smack me.
Surprisingly, very calmly, she said, “And why did you do that?” She enunciated every word. 
“Because we’re not sure what he was doing. Granted, I don’t want to date him if he is with Brianna. But you really just saw them talking, and nothing else. I figure perhaps I can maybe just come out and ask him what he was doing. I’ll give him the benefit of the doubt.”
“Good luck with that. Where are you going?” She turned her face from me and looked out the window. No doubt she was giving me the cold shoulder.
“For pizza.”
“Just be careful, Larue. I don’t want you to get hurt.” She looked at me again. This time her glare was replaced with a look of worry.
“How can I get hurt?”
“Like he could break your heart—that’s how you can get hurt.”
“I would never let that happen.”
“Oh, just like you didn’t let it happen in college with John?”
“Yeah, well I learned my lesson after him. I’d never let that happen again.”
Mindy walked over to the window to look out. 
I knew she was upset with me, but I felt I was doing the right thing. For once, I wanted to do what I wanted to do, not what everyone else told me to do. I was sorry she felt bad, but it was something I had to do. I didn’t walk over to Mindy, I thought I’d let her have her space.
After a few minutes she broke the silence.
“Come here and look at this,” Mindy said, beckoning me over to the window.
“What is it?” The concern in her voice had me worried. 
I scurried over as quickly as I could. “Is someone hurt?”
“Why does she have those black candles in a circle like that?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Hold on.” Mindy walked back to the counter and yanked down her purse, bringing it back over to our spot in front of the window. She reached inside, her arm thrust in up to her elbow. Then she whipped out her trusty binoculars. I should have known she’d drag those out.
“Put those down! She’s going to see you.”
At first Mindy didn’t reply, intent on spotting her target. Like she was hunting her prey. She was a woman on a mission.
Finally, she responded, “She can’t see over here. Besides, she’s too busy with her weird séance-voodoo-creepy thing.”
“She has candles. I don’t think candles constitute voodoo or whatever. And, by the way, if you can see her, she can see you.” I waved my finger at her.
“Look at the way those candles are flickering. Don’t you think they look a bit strange?” 
“Oh gosh. Candles that are flickering? They do look strange, now that I think about it. Wait, maybe you should call the Fire Marshall?” I giggled at my own joke.
“Is she religious? Maybe that’s why she has all the candles.” Mindy gave me a serious look, searching my face for my answer.
I looked at her for a second, then said, “I heard she dated a preacher once. Is that close to being religious?” 
We exchanged glances, then burst into laughter.
Mindy thrust the binoculars at me. “Here, have a look for yourself, and tell me what you think.”
I stuck the big things up to my face, not sure what I’d see. I figured it would just be a bunch of candles. 
As I peered through the binoculars across the street I saw that Brianna had candles around her, and she had her eyes closed. She looked kind of peaceful with the glowing candles all encircling her.
“I have to admit it is really strange.” 
“So what do you think she is doing?”
“Actually, I think she may be meditating.”
“I don’t think that’s it. It could be part of her religion, although I don’t think you’d use black candles for any religion.”
“Unless it’s… it’s witchcraft.”
I gave Mindy a wide-eyed glare. “Oh come on, be serious.”
“It’s kind of creepy. It gives me chills,” she said.
“That’s nothing new. Brianna has always been kind of creepy.”
Mindy glanced at her wrist. “I’m gonna be late for my class.” 
She grabbed the binoculars and tossed them back in her purse.
“I’ll call you later.” And with that, she was gone. 
It was just me and my band of banshees for the rest of the day. Oh, and maybe the occasional customer if I were lucky. I had a lot of favorite things in life, blueberry doughnuts, diet coke, pepperoni pizza. All right, I had a pattern going—I liked food. One thing that wasn’t on my list of favorites was talking to the dead non-stop. Sure, it had its moments. I mean, who else gets a chance to talk to Abe Lincoln? But the novelty wears off quickly. 
*

I slumped my shoulders and sighed as I scanned my closet. I’d been so excited about dressing for my date on Friday, but days later, and I didn’t know what to do. 
Mindy’s words echoed in my mind. “Don’t trust him,” she’d said. 
So now, did I dare to wear sweats? I mean what’s the point of dressing up? The date probably would be a waste of time anyway.
“You want him to know how sexy you are, and what he’s missing out on if he doesn’t date you. So wear something nice.” 
I spun around to see Mr. Haynes standing behind me, watching me eye my closet. Did he just say sexy? Oh dear. That was like my grandfather telling me how to be sexy. I could feel the heat rise to my cheeks. With that comment I really had heard it all; fashion advice from beyond the grave. 
I slipped on a teal-colored blouse that revealed just the right amount of cleavage, and my favorite pair of True Religion jeans. After all, it was pizza, no need to get that dressed up. I gathered my purse and headed out the door.
When I glanced over my shoulder to see Abe and Mr. Haynes sitting in the backseat, staring sadly out the window, I felt bad, because I hadn’t spent enough time trying to help them. It wasn’t as if I hadn’t tried at all, but for some reason, I was in a slump and I couldn’t snap out of it. It felt as if I had a black cloud hanging over my head.
The parking lot was almost empty when I pulled up in front of the pizza joint. I flipped down the mirror on the visor of my car and examined my reflection. Not bad. My eyes seemed a little puffy from lack of sleep, though. But overall, not bad.
I swiped on a layer of strawberry-squeeze pink lipstick and then attempted to smooth down my frizzies with the palms of my hands. Just then a thunderous noise rattled near my ear. I jumped and let out a screech from deep within my chest; someone had knocked on my car window right beside my head, making my heart fall to the pit of my stomach. 
It was Callahan, standing there looking more gorgeous than ever. One misbehaving lock dangled on his forehead. How the hell did he do that? There I was, with bags under my eyes, probably lipstick on my teeth, and a having a seriously bad hair day, and he was standing there looking like a model. 
In spite of myself, I couldn’t help but smile at him. I wanted to be mad, aloof or whatever you call it, but I was finding it increasingly hard the more I was around him. I unlocked the door, and Callahan reached for the handle, holding it open for me while I stepped out. In that instant, I was glad I had followed the ghost’s advice and worn something slightly sexy. How embarrassed would I have been if I’d shown up in sweats? I wouldn’t be able to make him wild with desire for me, donning durable jersey.
“You look stunning.”
Wow, stunning wasn’t the word I’d expected him to use, but I’d accept it; he was really laying it on thick. 
“Thank you,” I said, brushing a flyaway strand of hair from my face.
“Are you hungry?”
Was I hungry? I was always hungry. I’d have to stop myself from wolfing down the pizza and scaring the hell out of him. He’d think I was some wild animal that had been caged, and which hadn’t eaten in days.
“Sort of.” I smiled, giving my best attempt at an I-don’t-eat-much-look. Maybe he wasn’t buying it, but at least I’d tried. 
As I turned to walk to the entrance, out of the corner of my eye I caught a glimpse of what I thought was a look of appreciation from Callahan. Was he checking out my butt? I was happy, for a second, until I thought of him checking out Brianna in the same manner. Damn, I couldn’t win. 
He slid his hand to the small of my back, as he had on our first date, and guided me into the restaurant. My skin tingled as his fingers pressed against it. Thankfully, the place was empty. We were the only customers. Most people don’t go out for pizza around here until the weekend. Dimmed lights, tablecloths with flowers in the middle, who knew a pizza parlor could be so romantic and cozy? So, it was just the two of us, and the silence dangled in the air as we sat down and scanned the menu.
“What kind do you like?”
Everything. Especially pepperoni.
“I like cheese.” No need to be a pig in front of him this soon.
“Do you like pepperoni? It’s my favorite.”
Mine too! I wanted to yell.
“Sure, that would be fine.” I smiled. I needed comfort food right about then, anyway, with the way I felt on the inside.
“So how long have you had the bookstore?”
“Well, my grandparents had it for fifteen years,” I said, taking a sip of the water the waitress had just set down. “They retired a year ago, and moved to Florida. So when they did, I bought it from them. It was the best decision I ever made. I love it. It’s my dream job.” 
He took a sip of his water and eyed me from the top of the glass.
“So is the love of coffee and pastry the sole reason you opened up your store?”
“Yes, it was the sole reason.” He laughed. 
His laugh was infectious and I couldn’t help but join him in his mirth. It radiated across the table and gave me a warm feeling that easily spread through my body.
“Well you must work out a lot to keep from packing on the pounds from all of those pastries.”
“I run every day and, because of that, I can afford to eat pastry. I hope it doesn’t catch up to me someday. Actually I think it might,” he said, patting his flat stomach.
As I watched, I wondered what that stomach looked like under his shirt. I had a flash of his buttons magically popping off, zinging around the room and exposing his tight washboard abs. 
Forcing myself out of my musing, I said, “Must be nice. I can gain weight by looking at a doughnut. Of course, I don’t run every day. I do work out, though.”
I didn’t tell him that sometimes I had to run on an investigation. If the ghosts got a little ornery, or a demon was loose in the building, then quite often it was necessary to make a run for it. Although that wasn’t the equivalent to running a marathon, it was something.
“So what else do you do for fun? Do you work every weekend?”
“My bookstore is pretty much it. And I do work most every weekend.” Wow, did I sound boring. 
“No other interests?”
“No, not really. Of course, I love reading.” I switched gears and threw the questions at him. “What about you? What are your interests besides pastries and running?” 
I wanted to add ‘and besides being a womanizer.’
“Just the usual stuff. I like to read and travel some.” His thick eyelashes fluttered at me, and then he displayed another shy grin.
“Really? Where have you traveled to? I’ve only traveled around the States.”
“I’ve been to London, Ireland and Spain. And, of course, around the States, too.”
“I hope to travel someday myself. I’d love to go to Ireland.”
Just then, the waitress popped up to take our order. The silence was back after she’d grabbed our menus and headed back to the kitchen with our request. 
Many thoughts were churning in my mind. Was I the ‘other woman?’ How many other women did he have? How many other women did he take for pizza? 
Finally, Callahan broke the quiet that encircled us.
“Tell me more about your grandparents and why you bought their store.” Callahan fixed his entrancing eyes on me from the top of his glass as he took another drink. 
“Well,” I paused, breaking free of his gaze. “They gave me a great price on the store. That was the only way I could have ever afforded it.”
“You’re lucky.”
“I don’t know. I guess I am lucky in that respect. I think they’d felt sorry for me my whole life, and a discount on the shop was one way they could finally try and make up for it.” 
“Why do you say that? Why did they feel sorry for you?”
I couldn’t believe I was opening up to him like this. I’d never shared that information with anyone. But how could I resist his charm? He seemed to be genuinely interested in what I had to say.
“They’d always felt guilty that I’d grown up fatherless. It wasn’t their fault, though, nothing they could do about it. It wasn’t as if they could control their son’s actions his entire life.”
“Your father wasn’t around, then?”
I shook my head. “No. My father skipped town when my mother became pregnant. I’ve never met him. His parents still live in town; they’re the ones I got the shop from. He’s never had a desire to see me, as far as I know. And that’s fine by me, the feeling is mutual.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought up the subject.” 
“Don’t be. I’m not. I’m fine with everything.” I waved a dismissive hand. “I’ve had a great life with no regrets. My grandfathers were always there for me.”
My mother had always worried that I’d seek out a father figure in a mate, since I’d never had a father. I’d never had a dad like the other children, one that lived with me and read me bedtime stories, or chased away monsters in my closet in the middle of the night. I’d had to be content with visiting my grandfathers, and that was the extent of my male role models. 
I’d done all right, though. I didn’t think I’d tried to seek out a father figure. But hell, maybe that was why I couldn’t find a boyfriend, after all. Sure, I’d dated, maybe even loved, before, but I’d never been in love. And it pained me to admit it, but I wanted that experience. Mindy always told me that I really didn’t want it. She said I’d be better off without it. Just dating for eternity. But what kind of life would it be to never have loved? For some stupid reason, when I’d met Callahan, I’d thought he may be my chance to be in love. I supposed it had just been my hormones thinking. Or my need to find someone just like my father, who’d walk out on me.
I needed to change the subject; that topic was way too serious for pizza. Thankfully, the waitress came with the steaming dish, placing the pie in front of us with a huge smile on her face. 
“Please, allow me.” Callahan scooped up a piece with the spatula and slipped it onto a plate, smiling as he sat it in front of me.
“Thank you. It looks delicious.”
“You’re welcome.”
Between bites of pizza we chatted about books again, something we both obviously had in common. I didn’t have the nerve to ask about Brianna, which was my purpose for going on the date in the first place. Callahan could seriously put away some pizza; it seemed pastry wasn’t the only food he loved.
“It’s getting late. I’d better get home,” I said, dabbing at my mouth with my napkin.
He didn’t speak, instead his eyes searched mine. Finally, he said, “I’ll just go pay our bill.” Did he want to say more? Maybe he was going to confess about his dating Brianna?
He stood and walked toward the register, and I couldn’t help but watch his jeans as they moved away from me. He had a fantastic butt. I stretched from my chair and tossed my purse over my shoulder, meeting him at the door. 
Our waitress was eyeing Callahan, too. I couldn’t say I blamed her, he was hard to resist. Opening the door and leading me outside to my car, Callahan sure was getting extra points for his chivalry. He opened my door in one fluid motion, and as I turned to slide in, he grabbed my arm. His action was bold and caught me off guard. 
He leaned in close to me and whispered, “Larue, I think you are the most beautiful women I’ve ever laid my eyes on.” His warm breath tickled my skin. 
The longing in his voice made my stomach dance with desire. Without uttering another word, he moved his lips slowly to mine. They were warm, despite the chilly night temperature. 
I prayed Mindy wouldn’t drive by at that exact moment and see how terribly weak I was. 
Callahan opened my lips with his tongue, and the taste of his sweet mouth sent me into overdrive. He held his strapping arms around my waist, pulling me close to him. There was no denying he was excited. 
I couldn’t bring myself to pull away, despite the fact we were in the middle of the parking lot. Luckily, it was dark; no one would see our passionate kisses. Or so I thought. 
Abruptly, just as I thought I would never catch my breath again, bright lights flooded the area. We stood like deer with our eyes dazzled by headlights. 
I held my hand in the air, blocking out the light and looking to see what it was. The illumination was so bright I thought it was Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Someone was obviously having a good time shining their headlights directly on us. 
They may as well have hosed us down with cold water. I slipped into the driver seat and said goodbye, a smile on my face all the way home.
Chapter 12

All right, so that went well, minus the headlights blinding us. We never figured out who that was; their windows had been tinted too darkly. Probably some teenagers playing games. 
The date left me faced with a definite dilemma. What was I supposed to do? I wasn’t about to get involved with a man who was dating Brianna. Yet, last night he’d acted as if I was the only woman in his life. 
I could hear Mindy, now. “That’s what gigolos do,” she would say. No doubt she’d see right through me as soon as she walked through the door of Book Nook. 
She’d read me like one of the books placed carefully on the shelves in my little store. 
I might as well have written it across my forehead: I have a thing for the man who makes my coffee. So, I was smitten with Callahan, and I couldn’t hide it. But the burning question persisted, was he interested in Brianna? I had no idea what the answer was, but I’d have to worry about that later. For just a little while, all I wanted was to enjoy the time I had, basking in the success of my dates. Two of them. I could still feel his tantalizing kiss on my lips. 
My little black coupe zipped around the corner as I zoomed onto Main Street. I was running late to open the shop. I’d stumbled out of bed still in a lust-induced trance. If Mrs. Williams hadn’t sung Talkin’ in Your Sleep, I might have slept half the day away.
Her screeching the lyrics echoed through my mind. It was enough to wake the dead, er, well, whatever; she couldn’t sing a note.
As I cruised along the road and slowed the car down, I couldn’t help but take a moment to soak up my surroundings. Unquestionably, the town I called home had an air about it, not something identifiable per se, but it was there. And whatever it was, it was drifting down the streets, ruffling through the trees, and zipping in and out of the buildings. The place was exactly where I wanted to be. I just loved my little hometown. 
The quaint and cozy historic section was lined with stone buildings and brick sidewalks. Huge planters sat along the sidewalks, overflowing with flowers that drooped slightly as they reached their final days for the season. The colder weather would be coming soon. Some of the shops had awnings covering their entrances, while others had clever signs dangling gently over the doors. 
Mine was one of the latter; the words Book Nook were proudly displayed above the entrance. My grandparents had always loved that name. My grandmother, Lily, had thought of it when they’d first opened the shop, years ago. I was thankful that I had Book Nook to come to every day. 
It was a crisp morning in Kentucky and the cool air had put a spring in my stride as I walked into Book Nook feeling on top of the world. Strangers walking down the sidewalk most likely noticed I had a slight pep in my step. 
But all good things must come to an end. Time to come down from my fluffy love cloud and get to work. 
As soon as I walked into the shop, the scent of the old building made me feel warm and safe inside. I stuffed my purse in my office and hustled back to my stool behind the counter. With some reluctance, I began my morning routine. I’d just taken the money out of the safe when Abe approached. 
“You seem happy with your new beau.”
“Things went well,” I said.
“Don’t let him get away.”
“I’ll do my best.” I rolled my eyes as he turned away, walking over to the leather chairs placed in front of the fireplace.
That afternoon, I idly wandered through the aisles straightening books. The bell chimed on the door and, from the aisle where I was standing, I peeked over to see who had entered. I felt the smile on my face spread.
“Just thought I’d pop in and say hello. I brought you pastry this time.” He waved a paper sack in front of his face. “I didn’t want to be too predictable.”
“Thank you,” I said. Please don’t let him notice me blushing.
Walking over to where he was standing, I reached for the bag while Callahan reached for me. He scooped me up, and without warning placed a delicious kiss on my lips. No one knows how extremely embarrassing it is to kiss in front of Abraham Lincoln. 
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
I giggled like a little girl. “That’s quite all right.”
Catching a whiff of the pastry, I retrieved the bag from his hands, opened it and took in a deep breath of the cinnamon-covered pastry.
“It smells delicious. That is so sweet of you to think of me.”
“You are sweet.” He was invading my personal space and I loved every minute of it.
“I have to get back to the shop, but I wanted to ask you to go to the concert in the park with me tonight. There’s a great band playing.” He gave me his best pleading smile.
It was hard to say no to him. Callahan Weiss, he was all male, and I couldn’t deny that fact. Also, I couldn’t help but realize what a strong effect he was having on me. I looked at his tall frame, all six feet of it, standing before me. His short black hair was mussed, just the way I liked it. I never had wanted a man to spend more time on his hair than I spent on mine. I didn’t hesitate on giving him an answer.
“I’d love to.” 
He smiled from ear to ear and walked backward toward the door. 
“I’ll see you at seven.” He smiled as he fumbled for the doorknob behind him. 
The bell chimed above the door and he was gone. I sauntered over to my counter space and sank down onto my stool. My emotions were a combination of joy, excitement and undeniable confusion. Ignoring the group of ghouls who were smiling with approval at me, I became lost in my daydreams. 
I usually stay in at lunchtime, since I am the only employee. Sometimes Mindy helps and Sarah, a high school student from town, works on some weekends. A brown paper bag, containing a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, usually holds my lunch. I eat in between customers. It’s not that relaxing, but it’s not too bad. Today a trip to the bank was in order, so I figured I’d close up shop for an hour, run out, grab a bite and then dash back, I hoped, before anyone missed me. 
Of course, I couldn’t make the trip alone. No, I had to take my posse with me. Somehow all of us always managed to crowd into my car. Heaven forbid they ever stay behind and give me privacy. They had been talking about Callahan all morning, since they saw him kiss me. I expected them to break out into K.I.S.S.I.N.G Callahan and Larue sittin’ in a tree at any moment. I think they liked him much more than I did, even. 
Locking the door behind me, I’d moved out from the entrance onto the sidewalk when, all of a sudden, a loud crash rang through the air above me. I looked up to see the Book Nook sign breaking free from the chains that held it. 
An unseen hand shoved me onto the sidewalk as the sign slammed onto the ground. My heart jumped and I gasped for air right before my face smashed into the sidewalk bricks. Groaning, I turned my head to the sky toward where the sign had been dangling seconds before. I couldn’t believe it had fallen, narrowly missing me. It had nearly hit me right on top of the head. 
If it had, I’d have been a goner. I’d have been forever stuck with Abe and the gang, probably never crossing over myself. With all of my unfinished business lately, I can’t help but think I’d be doomed to roam within the walls of my bookstore for all of eternity. What would all the spirits do then, without me to help them cross over from this world? Although, as of late, I couldn’t even carry out that action correctly. 
I wasn’t sure what had come over me lately, but I dearly wished I could shake it. Pure bad luck had swung my way and I couldn’t seem to break free of it. If it hadn’t been for Abe pushing me out of the way at the last minute, I shudder to think what might have happened. 
A tall, lean man who’d been walking on the street, ran to my side. 
“Are you all right?” he asked, kneeling beside me, wrinkling his suit more than it already was.
“I… think so,” I stammered. I leaned up from the sidewalk, glancing around to see who might be watching me. I was dazed and in shock.
The sign was lying on the ground, inches away from my feet; it had also come out unscathed. 
I gazed up again at the empty spot where it had been hanging. Nothing seemed wrong, but somehow it had come loose.
Abe and the gang were standing around me with looks of concern furrowing their faces. 
The man reached his hand down to me. “Here let me help you.” 
By that time, a few people were watching me from a distance. 
‘I was hoping to go unnoticed,’ I felt like saying ‘Nothing to see here, move along people.’ But I refrained. I felt the heat in my cheeks at the embarrassment of everyone watching me. I stood and brushed my jeans off.
“Are you all right?” the man asked.
“I’ll probably have a bruise tomorrow, but I think I’m fine.” I didn’t bother to tell him where I thought the bruise would be. Too much information. 
“I don’t understand how the sign fell. Maybe it was the wind.” 
The man peered up at the sign, rubbed his chin with his left hand and assessed the situation. “Well, there’s not much wind today. But perhaps the screws holding it were loose.”
“Yeah, maybe.” I smoothed down my hair. “I’ll have to get that looked at. Thanks again for the help.”
“You’re welcome. It was my pleasure. Take it easy now, and watch out for those flying signs.”
“I will.” I laughed.
I picked up the heavy sign and dragged it back up to the entrance, balancing it against my leg as I unlocked the door. Too bad I hadn’t asked the man to help me move it before he’d walked away; it weighed a ton. Or too bad it would look strange if the ghosts helped me. I could have had them carry it. Needless to say, people would probably be freaked out to see a sign moving along the sidewalk by itself. 
I propped the sign against the wall and turned to head out once again, this time making sure there were no flying signs. I’d have to call the man who had installed it as soon as I got back from lunch. After that near brush with death, I definitely needed some comfort food and maybe I’d even splurge on dessert.
My cell rang.
“What are you doing for lunch?” Mindy chirped.
“You’re not going to believe what happened to me.” 
“What happened? Are you all right? You sound a bit panicked.” 
“The sign above the door at Book Nook fell just as I was coming out of the door and almost killed me.”
Silence came across the line. Finally, she said, “You’ve got to be kidding me!” 
“Again, Mindy, would I kid about something like that?”
“No, no. I just don’t know what to say. Either you have the worst luck ever, or something weird is going on. You meet a great guy who is dating someone else, a car barely misses squishing you, ghosts follow you around and then this stuff happens.” 
“He is not seeing anyone else,” I said defensively.
She ignored my statement. “You can’t even have any fun with the ghosts, like have them get things for you, because you can’t tell anyone.”
“Well that’s hardly anything new. That’s been going on since I was little. And really has nothing to do with luck.”
“Seems like bad luck to me. If you had good luck, they could be working for you while you went to lunch.”
I didn’t respond. Instead I said, “I’ll meet you at Lucy’s in ten minutes.” 
“I’ll be there, sounds so yummy. I’m starving.” 
I pulled up to Lucy’s and luckily it wasn’t packed yet. Lucy’s was one of the most popular places in town. And rightfully so, their food was delicious. I was feeling a little jumpy still. Looking around for any zooming cars or flying signs, I bounded out of the car. Everything seemed safe.
Mindy spotted me as soon as I walked in. She waved me over to a modest table in the corner of the room. Lucy’s had a great French country décor with the best southern cuisine below the Mason Dixon line. Mindy had beaten me there. I was surprised; she was always late. She’d been late for her own birth and everything else since.
“Oh. My. God. Are you all right? I’ve been so worried about you since I talked to you.”
“Well considering that was five minutes ago that’s not saying much.” I laughed. “But yes, other than having a seriously bruised butt, I’m fine. As soon as I get back to the shop I’ll call and have the sign fixed, before people think I’ve gone out of business. They’ll be calling my grandparents telling them I’m having financial difficulties.” 
Mindy pointed her thoroughly buttered biscuit at me. “Yes, you’re right. I can totally see that happening.”
Chapter 13

Things had gone well on my pizza date with Callahan, so when he asked if I wanted to attend a concert in the park with him, I’d figured I’d give it a shot. Although Mindy said I was just asking for heartache, I thought possibly she’d misinterpreted Callahan’s contact with Brianna, or at least that’s what I wanted to believe. 
Abe and the gang seemed to think my date with Callahan was a good idea. They, for whatever reason, still trusted him, so I figured I should, too. After all, he was ‘Honest Abe. He should know what he’s talking about. 
I closed down my register, straightened up the few misplaced books lying around, and moved to the front of the store. The old wooden door creaked as I twisted the knob, I flipped the sign around to read closed, and the bell tinkled overhead as I slid out the door. 
A swift breeze kicked up, swirling the fallen leaves around my ankles as I picked up my pace and hurried down the sidewalk toward my car. Sensing that someone was staring at me, I turned my head and scanned the area. 
Across the street Brianna was watching me like a hawk stalks a chicken. I tried to ignore her glares as she stood perched in her window across the street. I could almost feel the heat from her malevolent looks. It was kind of scary to watch her as she flashed her bitter smile at me. 
I slid into my car, locked the doors for protection and sped away. I drove home in a rush and jumped in the shower as soon I walked in the door. An hour later, my closet was practically empty, and lying in a huge crumpled pile on top of my bed. I finally decided on my best pair of jeans, ones that claimed to shape your butt. I hoped they worked, but it was probably just a gimmick. 
Slipping on my favorite pair of wedge heels, I checked out my reflection in the mirror. My goal was to make my legs appear longer, but there was no way I could walk around the park in spike heels, so wedges it was. Picking my spike heels out of the dirt or falling flat on my face was not my idea of fun. Before I met Callahan, I had to run a few errands, so I needed to get myself in gear or I’d be late. 
Painstakingly, I applied my makeup, styled my hair, and slipped on my favorite necklace. A cute silver butterfly my mother had bought me for my birthday last year. My cleavage, or lack thereof, practically fell out of my white v-neck shirt, thanks to my Victoria's Secret push-up bra.
After running my errands, I zipped back down Main Street to meet Callahan in front of my store. I knew, at some point, he’d have to pick me up at home, but for the time being it was best to keep him as far away from my bedroom as possible. Because my body was saying ‘yes’ to Callahan, but my mind was still saying ‘no, no.’
Callahan was waiting for me when I pulled up to the curb. Thankfully, this time Brianna was nowhere in sight. Callahan was leaning casually against the brick wall of the building, hands stuffed nonchalantly into his pockets. With his broad shoulders stretching his faded red shirt, and his worn jeans, he looked irresistible. His piercing blue eyes and chiseled features were enough to make any girl’s heart go pitty-pat. Eat your heart out ladies; he’s with me.
“You look amazing. You always look amazing,” he said as I stepped out of my car.
I could get used to those kinds of compliments. What woman couldn’t?
“Thank you.” I smiled.
Callahan grabbed my hand and led me down the sidewalk toward the park. It was just a couple of blocks away, and when we arrived people were already milling around, finding their spots on the lawn in front of the stage.
Leaves from the trees surrounding us were steadily cascading to the ground. I watched the vibrant colors float effortlessly around us as we staked out our little spot on the lawn. The band had almost finished setting up its equipment on stage, and would be starting soon. 
The sun was sinking in the sky, and the day had been warmer than I’d expected. Clouds were forming in the distance, and I knew that meant rain soon. I just hoped it would hold off until after the concert. 
Callahan had brought one of those cute picnic baskets with the red-and-white checked tablecloth stuffed inside. I had no idea he was so detail-oriented to think of such particulars for our date. Inside the basket were yummy treats for us to nibble on. 
As we sat on the blanket behind most of the couples, I felt the electricity that swept between us. I smiled at him, and I was pretty sure the desire in my eyes was evident. However, I wasn’t sure if it was just me feeling that way, or if he felt it too. 
Grabbing the basket, I reached in to inspect the wares as Callahan poured our drinks. Neatly packed within the basket, he’d brought grapes, cheese, crackers and, of course, pastries. They made me giggle when I saw them. He must never leave home without pastry. 
Callahan scooted closer to me, leaned back on his elbows and then stretched his long legs out in front of him. With a flood of noise the band started, and we listened quietly as we sat on the blanket.
“What do you think of the band?” Callahan asked, in a raised voice so I could hear him over the music.
“They’re great. I’ve heard a lot about them. They play a nice variety of music.” 
I hated to admit I wasn’t really paying attention to the band. 
When I thought Callahan wasn’t watching me, I kept glancing over at him. Being that distracted, I couldn’t even tell him what song they were playing.
“Do you come to the concerts here in the park often?” I said, nibbling on a piece of cheese.
“No, not really. But I heard it was fun, so I thought you might like it.”
“Oh, I do like it a lot. Thank you again for inviting me. And the picnic is wonderful. You went to so much trouble.”
“You’re welcome. And it was no trouble. I must confess I’ve been looking forward to seeing you all day. Although, now that I think about it, it would be more romantic without the hundreds of people around.”
I laughed. “Yes, I guess it would.”
“Do you mind if I move closer to you?” 
Do I mind? He asks me. 
Even though he was already somewhat close, I certainly didn’t mind if he came closer. 
“No, of course not.” I probably had a tinge of red across my cheeks. Hopefully not too much. 
There was no denying my temperature rose when I was near him. As if I were on an endless roller coaster, and I had no idea when it would end.
The next thing I knew, Callahan had tilted his head slightly to one side and leant in close to my lips. 
I was a mere inch from his face. 
His nose was almost touching mine as he whispered, “I’m so attracted to you, I can’t think of anything else.”
Wow, I did not see that coming. My breathing increased. Why did it seem I was always searching for the right words around him?
“You can’t?” I whispered. 
“No, I can’t,” he said in a husky whisper.
He was quite possibly the most incredibly good looking man I had ever seen face-to-face. His scent was intoxicating, like spicy leather and sandalwood. 
I felt like a teenager with my hormones in overdrive. Let’s just say it was a good thing I was still sitting, because I was definitely getting weak at the knees; they had turned to Jell-O. 
Softly, Callahan placed his lips on mine, skimming a succession of feathery light kisses on my mouth. Oh yeah, things were definitely heating up between us. At that moment I had all but forgotten about the Brianna thing. He pressed his lips to mine again, slightly harder, and kissed me. This time long and deep. 
The music pulsed around us, but I couldn’t tell which thumps were from my heartbeat, and which thumps were from the drums on the stage. 
Callahan was exploring the texture of my lips with his tongue. It was the best picnic I had ever had. 
Breathing fast, I pulled my lips away from his, bringing my hand to my lips and touching them, as they quivered from his kisses I threw him a look of embarrassment. Suddenly, when I heard some people giggling nearby I remembered we were not alone in the park. When he’d kissed me we’d been in our own little cocoon. Obviously, a passion-filled haze had clouded our eyes.
“We’d better stop,” I said with a shaky grin. I lowered my lashes so he could not read my eyes. 
Rolling thunder boomed. It was moving closer—the storm was coming soon. 
I leaned down, trying to be seductive by letting my shirt fall open and giving him a flash of my faux cleavage. It probably wasn’t fair for me to use my assets on him that way, but life was never fair, so I did it anyway. Drawing back slightly, I saw that his eyes did exactly what I’d intended. 
Callahan glanced down and immediately back up again. As he locked eyes with me again, I knew my cleavage trick had worked. There was a desire evident within the depths of his pupils. A desire I somehow knew contained loads of salacious thoughts of what he’d do to my body if given the chance. 
He leaned forward again. This time, I could feel his kiss was more self-assured. 
I kissed him back, matching his tenderness and new-found self-confidence. His body radiated heat while pressed against mine. Feeling my confidence spike, I slid my tongue across his lower lip and he let out a soft moan. Suddenly, I felt my head become woozy and I wondered if he could feel the steam searing from my body as I felt it from his. I had more heat coming from me than my grandfather’s old wood-burning stove that he’d always added way too many logs to.
Pushing on Callahan’s hard chest—pumping iron daily had paid off for him—I broke away, again thinking of the people surrounding us. But as I glanced around, I noticed no one was paying any attention to us. Fortunately they were all too focused on the mesmerizing cadence of the band.
For a brief moment he looked at me bemused, and then, as if a light bulb had flicked on, he realized I was still embarrassed from our PDA session.
“Can I see you again on Saturday?” he asked, staring at me intently. 
He had a wry smile that lit up his eyes as he placed his arms around me again and pulled me back into his strong embrace. Pressing tight, chest against breast. With that, I was completely lost in the moment. I paused, not really on purpose, but more due to being lost in the heat of the moment. 
Finally, I said, “Yes. I’d like that.” 
I felt the heat rising into my cheeks again. This was getting serious, and I didn’t mind one bit.
“I’ll pick you up at your house this time.”
I didn’t argue, although I probably should have. So much for keeping him as far away from my bedroom as possible. My plan from that moment forward was to not let him inside my house. 
I smiled a wide grin and nodded. 
Thunder rolled in louder and, within a minute, rain poured down on top of us. Callahan grabbed the basket, the blanket, then my hand, and we ran toward the car, laughing the entire time. 
I couldn’t believe I’d worn a white shirt. Now my push-up bra was neatly outlined under the shirt, completely visible to everyone. Of course, Callahan noticed right away and couldn’t keep from glancing at my wet chest; several times. My nipples were on full display for everyone to see. 
Jumping through puddles along the way, we finally reached his car and hopped in, away from the strong downpour. As soon as Callahan was inside, he moved in near me again, planting another kiss on my wet, rain-soaked lips. The rain outside, and the heat from our bodies inside, was quickly fogging up the windows. 
Callahan leaned in closer and pressed his body even harder to mine. Our wet bodies intertwined with each other, and the gearshift soon caused more than a slight discomfort as it pressed into my leg. As he kissed me harder, I wondered if anyone could see us, making out like a couple of teenagers in a parked car. 
I worried that, at any moment, a police officer would tap on the window with his flashlight and tell us to get a room. With the steamy kisses Callahan was depositing on me, the windows really were fogged now, but I couldn’t resist his lips. Callahan slipped his hands under my shirt—his fingers on my bare skin were almost more than I could handle.
Just as I felt I’d stop breathing altogether, his phone sounded loudly, vibrating throughout the car. He moaned, stretched back and yanked the phone out of his pocket. 
I didn’t think he’d answer it, but as he examined the number he said, “I’m so sorry. Please excuse me, I really need to take this.”
After a minute of him saying hardly anything other than “yes” to whoever had called, he turned to be and said, “I have to go.”
“Oh…” I stammered, “Sure, I understand completely.” I had a sinking sensation in my stomach. What could be so urgent?
“Let me drive you back to your car.”
“Thanks,” I said.
Callahan shifted his car into gear without saying another word, and within seconds he pulled up beside my car. 
I felt something was instantly different after the call. The feeling was drifting in the air, and anyone would have noticed it. I told myself he was preoccupied by whatever someone had said to him on the call, but I was curious as to what had happened to make him act that way. 
What had the person on the line said to him to upset him like that? 
He didn’t make a move to kiss me goodbye, but I figured something had his mind preoccupied, so I let it go. At least I hoped that was the case.
I climbed out and shut the door behind me. 
“Bye,” I said.
When I climbed out the car, Callahan barely even glanced over to wave goodbye. As soon as the door closed, he steered away from the curb. 
I hoped he was all right, but I was confused over the situation. Dazed, with my head spinning in confusion, I stood there for a minute. My shoulders slid into a larger-than-life slump as I walked over to my car and jumped in. I switched on the heat to soothe my chilled bones, and then steered out onto the street. I headed for home, going over the evening in my mind, and still hot from his kisses.
Chapter 14

The rain was still coming down steadily the next morning. The sky was a dreary gray, and so was my mood. Sometimes I opened Book Nook early, just because, well frankly, I had nothing else to do. This was one of those mornings. 
I guessed there was something I could be doing, but I loved the store and I enjoyed being there so much it helped my mood and eased my senses. As I scanned over my paperwork, I caught movement in the front window and was surprised to see Callahan march past. 
He never turned his head, not even looking into Book Nook for a small glimpse. What was going on? 
I hadn’t talked to him since he’d rushed off after receiving the mysterious phone call. For him to walk past the store like that, and not even glance my way caught me off guard. Maybe he didn’t think I was open yet? 
It was still early and possibly he wasn’t aware of the time. At least that was the excuse I told myself. I put down the papers I’d been working on and grabbed my keys. I figured I would close the shop for just a second and walk over to Full Cup on the pretense of buying a coffee. 
After all, I did want a coffee, but that wasn’t the main reason for going, of course. And he’d probably know that too, but I would take my chances. Truth be told, I had never gone into his shop just for coffee.
Luckily for me, the rain had eased for a brief period, so I took my time walking over, kicking a pile of wet leaves alongside the sidewalk as I scuffled along. Clearly, I was stalling. 
A worried feeling was trapped in my throat, and as hard as I tried, I couldn’t shake it. As I reached his door, the vague unsettled feeling moved from my throat and nestled austerely in the bottom of my stomach. With all the strength of my body, I pushed on the old door and stepped inside, just within the entrance. When I glanced around I noticed that a few other customers were waiting for their drinks, so I took that time to look at a few of the prints displayed on the walls. 
One was of a brightly colored mug with muted reds, greens, and yellows. I glanced over my shoulder to catch a glimpse of Callahan; his back was facing me as he poured someone’s coffee. I slid over to the next print, waiting for my turn. This one had three different mugs with the words, Mocha, Latte, and Roast written underneath them. When I peeked over my shoulder yet again, he hadn’t looked up to see that I’d entered, or if he had, he was ignoring me. Self-doubt took over, and I couldn’t help but wonder if he would have looked up for Brianna. No, he was just busy, that’s all. 
After a few minutes, the other customers were gone and it was just the two of us. He tilted his head and gazed at me. I swallowed, and then listened to the silence that surrounded us. 
Finally, he said, “Hello, what can I get for you?” A pained grin curved his mouth.
He may as well have just smacked me. The air was missing from my lungs, and I almost fell back at his overtly cold demeanor. 
I mean, I’d just had a date with him. Was he suffering from some sort of short-term memory loss? We’d just shared the most delicious kisses I’d ever experienced in all of my twenty-five years.
I caught my mouth gaping open and closed it slightly. 
Finally I managed to speak. “I’ll have my favorite please. Chocolate covered cherry latte.” 
I didn’t count on him remembering my favorite at that point. I wasn’t sure of what I could count on after being dealt that blow. 
“Does he always act this way? I thought he was in love with you?” Vivian asked. 
I turned and gave her a look to let her know I couldn’t answer right then. 
Callahan didn’t respond to my order, instead he swiftly turned and began preparing my drink. 
Thoughts were flooding my mind as I watched him. It felt like no time since I’d been standing in the same spot where he’d clearly been flirting with me. I was astonished with the situation. At that very second, I wished I had an eject button that would have blasted me out of there.
Callahan methodically prepared my drink, never even once glancing over at me. Like a robot, grabbing a cup, pouring and then fastening the lid securely on top. He was in no way acknowledging my presence, and definitely not acting as if we’d kissed less than twenty-four hours before. 
What had happened? He had said he couldn’t stop thinking of me. Something had happened between when he’d left me and the point where I was now standing in his shop, being ignored. And I had a feeling it had something to do with the phone call he’d received and then so hurriedly dashed off after hanging up. 
Did it have anything to do with me, though? I couldn’t help but think it did. 
He pushed on the register buttons and gave me the total in a monotone voice. I looked up at him, and in spite of everything, I couldn’t help myself. 
Hesitantly, I parted my mouth to speak and then I asked, “Are you all right? You seem somewhat distracted. And, well, frankly, a bit out of sorts.”
“I’m fine,” he said flatly. 
Without even looking me in the eyes. I’d never had such a strange feeling before. 
I creased my brow and said, “Um. Well, all right, then. See ya.” I snatched up my coffee and turned to leave, not looking back at him. I was sure he wasn’t watching me anyway. I could take a hint and I didn’t need to be clubbed over the head to get it. 
The walk back to my store was a long one, even though it was only a few short steps away. I was embarrassed that I’d been such a fool. Feeling defeated I opened the store back up, but all I really wanted to do was go home and go to bed. Pull the covers over my head and hide from Callahan, Brianna and the world. 
Mindy had been right. I was sure of it now—he couldn’t be trusted. They were probably laughing behind my back. I could envision them cackling with each other over what a complete fool I was. I heard Brianna’s voice in my head. “Larue is a complete idiot for thinking you’d ever like her.” Callahan would kiss her passionately in agreement. 
I picked up the phone to tell Mindy, but after a few rings, when she didn’t answer, I hung up. I had to say I was a little relieved because I wasn’t sure I wanted to hear her say ‘I told you so.’ Not yet anyway.
Thankfully, I was busy all day. A steady stream of customers had filed into the store, keeping my mind occupied. They were all full of questions about this or that. The one question I always dreaded though was, “Where can I find the book?” The book the customer could never quite remember the title of, the author of, or even the genre, for that matter. It was incredibly frustrating.
When business finally slowed down, I picked up the phone again. I figured I’d get it over with and call Mindy. Sure, she’d tell me I should have listened to her, but it would be worth it to have someone to rant to at that moment.
“You’re never going to believe this. Callahan gave me the brush off,” I said as soon as she answered.
“You’re kidding?” 
“Mindy, would I kid—”
She cut me off. “I know, I know. You wouldn’t kid about that. I’m on my way there.”
“Hey,” I said, stopping her before she hung up. “Bring chocolate.” 
“Check.” She laughed. 
Chocolate was just the medicine I needed to fix the broken situation I found myself in. Chocolate could fix just about anything, as far as I was concerned.
A short time later, Mindy came bounding through the door. I thought the bell was going to break off and tumble to the floor, she swung the door so hard. 
“It was all I could do not to go over there and clobber the guy,” she snapped, stomping to the counter.
“He’s not worth it, Mindy. Just forget about him. We won’t stoop to his level.” 
“I know that, but he needs to be told what a jerk he is. Maybe even shown.” She rattled her fist in the air furiously.
“Easy, Tiger,” I said. 
“What the hell is his problem anyway?”
I didn’t have an answer for that question. Ever since I’d returned from his shop I’d searched my mind trying to come up with one.
Mindy handed me the chocolate. I snatched it from her hands and instantly felt better. Just having it in my hands was soothing. 
“So what happened? I want all the details. And don’t leave anything out. You’re always leaving out little details.” 
“Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. I am stupid for even thinking he was a decent guy.” 
Mindy didn’t argue with me. Her mouth was silent, except for the chewing of candy. Luckily, she knew not to rejoice about being right.
“Why did I not know better by now? When will I ever learn my lesson?” I asked.
She shrugged her shoulders. 
Mindy had warned me Callahan was with Brianna, and I had ignored her—and now it was apparent that he was really with Brianna. Why else would he brush me off? Mindy had been right, and I should have stayed away. Now he was just making fun of me. He had played me for a fool. In between stuffing chocolate in my mouth, I began to give her the rundown of exactly what had happened. 
“He walked by the store and never even looked my way. I thought maybe he didn’t know I was in here.” 
“No,” she said. 
I nodded. “Yes. So, what did I do? Like an idiot, I went over there to order coffee and find out why he had ignored me.” 
She shook her head. “Not a good idea.” 
“I realize that now. But anyway, he was like a totally different person. He treated me like a stranger. He had this weird stony gaze. So I took my coffee, turned around and high-tailed it out of there.” 
Mindy stood with her mouth open almost the entire time I recounted the repugnant event to her. She kept glancing in his direction as if she could see through the wall of the store. Or somehow he’d be able to sense her glowers.
“Ugh. There goes Brianna.” I motioned with my head.
“I knew she was up to something.”
Curiosity tugged at me, so I signaled for Mindy to follow me. We made a dash for the front of Book Nook. I was darting through the maze of center tables with Mindy climbing around on the other side. Panting for breath, I peeked out the front window. 
“I knew it! She’s going into Full Cup.” 
Mindy eyed me and raised her eyebrows.
“If I didn’t know better, I’d think the only reason she was going in there was to piss me off.” 
Unfortunately, if that were true, it was working. 
“I think you’re right.” Mindy flared her nostrils.
We trudged back to the counter. I wanted nothing more than to stomp right into the coffee shop and snatch every short hair out of her head. That wouldn’t solve anything, though. Plus, I’m not a violent person.
“I thought he was smarter than that. Surely he can see through her fake façade.” I stuffed another piece of the candy in my mouth. I probably looked like a chipmunk hoarding nuts, but I didn’t care.
“I wish there was some way to get Brianna out of town. Like maybe the whole town could band together, sign a petition and let her know she’s not welcome here,” Mindy said.
“If only it were that simple. Look, there she goes back.” I pointed.
Mindy groaned.
“Well, apparently the town doesn’t mind her all that much, because they still shop in her store.” I pointed to the people walking single file into High Fashion at that very moment. 
“You know, I’ve noticed that. Not nearly as many people complain about her as they used to.”
Mindy grabbed her purse and pulled the big black binoculars out. 
“Why on earth do you have those binoculars again?”
“So I can see exactly what she’s doing?” 
“Why do you care what she’s doing?” 
“Because she hurt my best friend, that’s why.” 
“It doesn’t matter.” I shrugged. “I mean, clearly Callahan is a jackass. So let them have each other. They’re perfect for each other. He’s not worth my time and energy.” 
“It makes me so angry Brianna thinks she can have anything or anyone she wants,” Mindy sneered.
“Well, why do you think she thinks that?” I said.
“It’s because she does get everything she wants.”
“Exactly!”
Chapter 15

Another gloomy morning; the sky threatened rain as ominous clouds hung in the air. I desperately needed sunshine to help me lift my down-in-the-dumps mood. I was placing books on one of the top shelves when the bell on the door chimed. Mindy waltzed in, looking overly chipper for her, especially that early in the morning. A few stray leaves scuffled in under her feet. 
“What are you so happy about? Did you learn a new move on your stripper pole?” 
“Funny, very funny. What, are you a comedian now?” 
I laughed. 
“No, I just thought I would stop by and visit my best friend before I went to work.”
“Right. What do you really want?” 
“I told you, nothing. I don’t have doughnuts or coffee, either. Although I brought diet cokes.” Mindy retrieved two cans of soda out of her bottomless-pit purse. 
“Thanks,” I said, grabbing the can and popping the lid. 
Mindy was standing by the front window, her eyes fixed on something across the street. Which let me know right away she really was up to something.
“What have you done to Brianna?” I tapped my foot. Not that I should really care if she had done something. 
“Nothing.” Mindy set her jaw. “Trust me, I’d love to do something, but I’ve done nothing. Zip. Nada. I’m just watching that’s all.” She held up her hands in surrender.
“Uh huh.” I continued my work, and tried not to focus my attention on what Brianna may be doing. I didn’t need the negative energy that inevitably popped up any time I thought of her.
Finally, after a few minutes of silence, I said, “Are you going to stare out that window all morning? What if a customer sees you?”
Mindy sighed and then walked over to me as I sorted through a stack of books. “I’ve been thinking.” She paused.
Oh no, I was about to hear something I undoubtedly wouldn’t like.
“Is that right?” I said without looking up from my work.
“Brianna is up to something. And I’d bet every penny I own that it is not good.”
I slowly raised my head and looked at her. “I’m listening.”
“All right, this is what we know so far.” Mindy took a quick sip of her drink before she continued. “Brianna is weird.”
“Check,” I said.
“Brianna is evil.”
“Check.”
“Brianna has weird candles.”
I paused and raised my eyebrow, giving an I-am-not-sure-that-counts look.
“Check.” I finally continued the game.
“Brianna has some kind of hold on Callahan,”
“Check.”
“Maybe she’s really good in bed,” Mindy added, as she ran her finger over the edge of her can. 
“Not what I wanted to hear.” I gave her a disgusted look.
“Sorry about that.” Mindy gave me a pitying look.
“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.” I took a big gulp of my drink to numb the sting of her words. “It’s suspicious that he’s following her around like a lost puppy dog. What does she have that I don’t?”
“Nothing. Nothing, at all. No wait, I’ll tell you what she has. A nasty attitude, that’s what she has.” Mindy gestured, using the hand with her diet coke dangling in it.
I silently prayed she wouldn’t spill it all over the display of books next to her as I nervously watched it hover.
“Well it doesn’t feel that way right now. Although I guess I do need to stop feeling sorry for myself and get on with my life. I can’t let people disturb me like that.”
“Yes! That’s exactly what you need to do. Forget about them.” 
“Although, it is kind of hard to do, when they are parading around town like two love birds in front of me. Earlier today I witnessed them practically making out on the sidewalk. I went to the grocery store last night, and even the cashier was talking about them. ‘Oh they seem so in love,’ she said, all too happily. I wanted to scream. They don’t even know each other. And, the whole town now thinks they’re some perfect couple. A match made in heaven, I suppose.”
Just then, Mrs. Williams came up with a cross expression on her face, which was nothing new, as she always had that scowl. 
“When are you going to visit my husband again instead of worrying over your non-existent love life? Quit your whining and help us.” She furrowed her eyebrows. 
Wow. That was unexpected—she was yelling at me. 
“Mrs. Williams, I tried to visit your husband. It got me absolutely nowhere. He doesn’t want to listen to me. I’d say he must be just about as stubborn as you are.” 
Talk about a match made in heaven. They were made for each other. 
“You two were perfect for each other.” 
She continued staring at me with a huge grimace plastered across her face. 
I continued. “He didn’t want to talk to me. There’s not much I can do about that. I can’t force him to listen to me. If I keep harassing him, he will have me arrested. Not to mention tell everyone in town I am some kind of crazy person that talks to dead people. I don’t need that problem in my life right now. Got it?” 
For the first time since she’d popped up in my life, I could see hurt in her eyes. I had just hurt a ghost’s feelings. That was becoming a habit with me recently. What a lousy day.
As usual, being a pushover that I am, the guilt got to me and I said, “I’m sorry Mrs. Williams. I didn’t mean to be so harsh. I’m just having a bad week.”
She snubbed me and turned her back, pouting like a small child that hadn’t been given any candy.
Well, so now I had one ghost mad at me, I hope she didn’t start throwing books.
Mrs. Williams’s behavior had been becoming increasingly feisty. When a customer walked in and I spotted Mrs. Williams immediately follow them to the back of the store I knew I was in for trouble. I didn’t know what to do. I was going to have to convince her husband to talk to me, and soon. Before I lost all my customers. 
Speaking of customers, one had walked in and I cringed when I saw Mrs. Williams leaning over the young man’s shoulder. She occasionally turned her head to look at me, with a smirk on her face, as if she were daring me. What was she going to do? Suddenly, I knew what her first plan of attack was. She grabbed the young man’s arm and yanked as hard as she could. He jumped, spun around and then looked my way to see if I was the one touching him. 
When he spotted me still standing in the same spot at the front of the store, he flashed me a worried glance, but after a few seconds went back to his book. Unfortunately, I couldn’t yell at Mrs. Williams to stop. Having an unruly ghost around was the pits. What I really wanted to do was drag her out of there by her stuffy business suit collar and tell her not to come back until she knew how to behave. 
As I watched her, I realized that she hadn’t finished her mission. No, by the look in her eyes, I knew she wouldn’t be finished until my customer was gone. With venom boiling up inside her, she then hastily stomped over and jerked the man’s other arm, this time even harder, knocking the book right out of his hand. Right then, he let out a scream and jumped, almost tumbling backward on his heels. 
The customer hurriedly rushed my way, running past Mindy and I, and knocking over a stack of books on his way to the door. He just gave us a frightened look and dashed right out of the store without saying a word. The bell jangled furiously, marking his departure. 
“I’m sure he’ll never return,” I said, giving Mindy a frustrated smirk. 
“Are you happy now? You scared that poor guy to death,” I scolded Mrs. Williams, wagging my finger at her.
“Well, maybe now you will talk to my Robert.” 
“What’s going on?” Mindy asked, looking in the direction that I was talking. 
“She is driving me crazy, that’s what’s going on. She wants me to talk to her husband still. And he doesn’t want to talk to me.” I glared at Mrs. Williams.
Mindy nodded; she knew all about Mr. Williams.
Mrs. Williams stretched out her arms and heaved them across the shelf, sending books toppling to the floor with a loud crash. 
Mindy gasped at the sight. She looked as if she was ready to run from the store as well. She would probably try to catch up with the poor boy who had just been chased out.
“Fine! I’ll try again! But please, just stop that! Give me a chance to talk to him before you scare the rest of my customers away or make any more messes,” I pleaded.
Over the past few days, I had attempted to talk with Mr. Williams, but he still wouldn’t answer his door. I’d been trying to talk to him, really I had. The man was so distraught, and missing his wife so much, that he was staying behind locked doors, although with her behavior I honestly couldn’t see why. 
Nonetheless, I suppose someone had to love her. There was someone for everyone, obviously. I had to think of some way to talk with him fast, before she put me out of business. I knew the young customer might tell others about his weird experience and word would spread like wild fire. In a small town like Magnolia, nothing goes unnoticed for long. 
“Anyway, back to Brianna,” Mindy said, spinning around to face the window again. Clearly, she was trying to shake the ghostly incident out of her mind. “Somehow, even though no one in town supposedly likes her, they still shop at her store. Why is that? It’s as if they can’t get enough of her now.”
“I’m not sure what’s going on, but those women want to spend their money. Brianna would have to be caught in bed with their husbands or something to get them not to go to her store. And, even then, I think they would still shop there.” 
“I suppose you’re right. But I still don’t understand it,” Mindy said. 
Walking closer to Mindy, I stared out the window, my eyes fixed on nothing, really. I was just trying to absorb the events. 
“More snooping is needed, you do realize that?” Mindy turned up her soda to get the last drop out of the can.
“I think I’m all snooped out.” I rubbed my temples trying to relieve the tension building in my head.
“Are you sure? We may find some juicy details.” 
“I don’t doubt it. I think I may be better off not knowing those details.” 
“Fine, suit yourself.” Mindy shrugged. “You may be sorry.” 
“Sorry? I doubt that.” I shook my head.
“I’ve got to run.” Mindy said grabbing her suitcase, er, bag. 
“I’ll talk to you later.” I waved, watching her walk down the sidewalk. She stuck her tongue out in the direction of Callahan when she passed his shop. 
I laughed. 
“You gotta love her,” I whispered aloud.
Chapter 16

“I told you she was up to something,” Mindy said, sliding in the door once again. It was late afternoon and I was already watching the clock for time to close shop. I needed a break from watching Brianna amble over to see Callahan.
“Ugh. Mindy, we’ve already discussed this. I thought we were dropping this? I mean really, let it go already.” I took a deep breath. 
“No, you were dropping this. I never agreed to that. Why you choose to ignore the situation is beyond me,” Mindy said, shaking her head in disapproval.
“Well, why you choose to pursue the situation is beyond me.” I snorted.
“I just happened to be walking by the store and, let me tell you, she is up to no good. No good, I tell you!” 
“Oh, you just happened to be walking past, huh? You never just happen to be walking past her store. Don’t you have classes to teach or something?” 
Mindy conveniently ignored my question. “She is dreadfully strange and I think she is hiding something. Whatever she is doing it can’t be pleasant.” 
“Maybe she’s a serial killer or something and has dead bodies hidden in her store?” I sarcastically raised an eyebrow at Mindy. 
“You’ve been watching too much TV.” Mindy wiggled her finger in my direction, then grabbed my arm. “Come on we’re going snooping again.”
“You seriously need to get another hobby,” I said, forcing her fingers off my arm one by one.
“I’m serious Larue. Let’s go.” She tugged on my arm again.
“I don’t see the purpose in it. We can’t do anything. It would just be creepy at this point.” I pulled my arm from her grasp yet again.
Mindy pinched her brows together and gave me an irritated look. She wasn’t used to me telling her no, but this was one time she was just going to have to adjust to the idea. I wasn’t snooping anymore. I was putting my foot down.
“I think you should fight for what you want,” Mr. Haynes said. He gave me a heartfelt look. His eyes glimmered as he gave me a little grin.
“I appreciate that, but I don’t think there’s any fighting to do, Mr. Haynes.” I gave him a half-hearted grin. It was hard for me to continue to be nice. The spirits were testing my patience. 
“Look!” Vivian said as she stood gazing out the front window beside us. I glanced over at her. She looked like Scarlet, with her big hoop dress and dark hair falling to her shoulders in ringlets. She was pointing her delicate hand at something across the street.
Following her finger, I peered out the window at what she was pointing at, and that’s when I saw Brianna and Callahan strolling into Brianna’s boutique, arm in arm. 
I really could have done without her pointing them out to me at that moment.
“Well, well. Don’t they look cozy? See, that is just wrong,” Mindy said as she followed my gaze and witnessed the lovebirds herself.
“I have to admit, Mindy, it does put off a strange vibe, the whole situation. Nevertheless, I’m not snooping around her house anymore. I’m afraid we’ll be caught. She’ll have my head on a platter. I’ll be run out of town and lose my bookstore, and everything I love. And, as a matter of fact, I think that is exactly what she wants anyway. She’s just looking for the chance to get me, and I’m not going to hand it to her. Like I told you, when I went out with Callahan, her hatred for me immediately increased.”
“Maybe I’ll just go myself, then,” Mindy huffed.
“Maybe you should, but I’m not coming to rescue you when you’re caught. I can’t afford to bail you out of jail either,” I said, slamming down a book that had been next to my hand.
Mindy scrunched her face at me in disapproval. A disturbing glare formed in her eyes.
“I can’t believe you are mad at me over this,” I said, as I watched Mindy glower.
“Well believe it,” she huffed. Mindy stomped to the door and yanked it open, storming out without even glancing back to say goodbye. 
“Unbelievable,” I mumbled. 
She always wanted her way. Well, this was one time I wasn’t about to give in to her temper tantrum.
“What is her problem?” Mrs. Williams asked.
“I don’t know. I guess she’s just spoiled.” I rolled my eyes.
“Well I have no patience for someone with that behavior,” she said sternly.
I didn’t bother to mention she really didn’t have patience for anyone, no matter their behavior. And talk about the pot calling the kettle black—I shouldn’t even be talking to her after the little stunts she pulled with the customer and the books.
After my long day, I figured I needed to just go home and relax in the tub. I’d attempt to unwind, soak with candles circling the sides of my tub (not black ones), and listen to my favorite soothing music. 
I was tired of the drama from Callahan, Brianna and Mindy. Moreover, my gang of ghosts weren’t helping matters, either. I was getting advice from all sides, and I didn’t think any of their guidance was going to help. I felt like they were playing tug of war with my head.
Just as I was locking the door and heading to my car, my cellphone rang. I honestly didn’t feel like answering it, but then I worried it might be an emergency. A worry I always possessed was that any call might be a bad call. For that reason I had to answer every call. So I pulled my purse off my shoulder, sat it down on the sidewalk, then knelt down to root around and dig the phone out. My purse wasn’t much better than Mindy’s.
Full of nonessential junk.
“Hello,” I said brusquely.
“I hope you’re not mad at me. Are you mad at me?” Mindy said quietly.
“No, you goof, I’m not mad. It would take a lot more than that to make me mad.”
“Good, then come to one of my classes. It’ll make you feel better,” she said, cheerfully. Mindy’s tone had improved instantly. It hadn’t taken her long to snap out of her melancholy mood.
“No way! I can just picture how much I’d embarrass myself. There are certain things that some people should never attempt. And for me, that is pole dancing,” I quipped.
“Oh, come on, give it a try. You may like it. Try it once. If you don’t like it, I promise I’ll never ask you again.” Was she offering a money-back guarantee? She was desperate. 
I shook my head ‘no,’ as if she could see me, then I moved the phone from my ear, looked at it, and said loudly, “No.”
“Why are you so difficult? I never ask you for anything.” 
“You’ve got to be joking. You are always asking for something. I’m sorry if I don’t feel like dancing on a pole today. Excuse me for not wanting to make an ass out of myself,” I hissed. Why was she so persistent? She never took no for an answer.
“I’ll stop harassing you about snooping on Brianna,” she offered. 
Hmm. Was she serious? I contemplated her offer. “No more talking about her, either?” I asked guardedly.
“Nope. I won’t mention her again.”
“Hmm. That is tempting.” 
“Come on.” Mindy nudged.
One embarrassing hour in return for her dropping the Brianna spy mission. That was tempting. “If I go you’ll leave me alone with the snooping?”
“Yes.” 
“You promise?” 
“I promise.” 
I hesitated as I weighed my options. 
“I promise.” She let out a sharp hiss of frustration.
“All right, I’ll do it.” I said reluctantly. “When is it? 
“In an hour.” 
“I don’t have any clothes to wear for an exercise class.” 
“I have something you can wear.” 
Damn, I’d thought that would get me out of it. It was just my luck she kept extra clothing for just such occasions.
As I pulled into the parking lot of Mindy’s studio, I realized I couldn’t have any of the gang see the dance class. If Abe weren’t already dead, he would be after seeing that. Women grinding around seductively on metal poles. I couldn’t think of any other person, living or dead, it would be more embarrassing to do that in front of than him. Well, maybe a few, but not many.
“You all stay here in the car,” I ordered. I turned around and glared at them in the back seat. 
Vivian was riding shotgun. 
“I mean it. You all cannot come in there. I will only be about forty-five minutes. I’m warning you.” I pointed my fingers at each of them. 
I especially didn’t want Mrs. Williams in there causing trouble. Vivian innocently nodded her head. 
“I promise,” Abe said. 
What had I gotten myself into, thanks to my kooky friend? I would be better off confronting a demon than tackling pole fitness. At least that would be less embarrassing.
I slithered into Mindy’s studio, wishing I could magically disappear when I saw the few ladies standing around examining the pole. I was mortified when I realized one of the women was a friend of my grandmother’s. Kill me now. How the heck was I supposed to do what Mindy was showing me? How could anyone do what she was asking of us? Apparently it was possible because all the old ladies were doing it, with ease to boot.
After almost an hour of humiliation, I was finally finished. 
“Wasn’t that great? Can I count on you to be a regular in class from now on?” Mindy asked, wiping her brow with her hand towel.
I laughed. “I hardly think so.” 
The worst part of the entire class was the fact my grandmother’s friend was infinitely better at it than I was. My life would have been so much better if I’d never known that fact.
“I was terrible and I hated it. There’s no way I want to participate in your classes, ever again.”
“What are you talking about? You did a great job.” 
I didn’t answer as I slunk out the door.
Officially, that was the worst thing I’d ever done. It was absolutely terrible. I was so glad there’d only been two other ladies in the class, even if one was going to rat me out to my grandmother. The news that Lily Donavan’s granddaughter was a pole dancer would be spread all over the Summer Glen Retirement Living Community within a few mere hours. Honestly, there was not one part of the experience I’d done gracefully. I was a little out of my comfort zone, to say the least. But considering the circumstances, I guess I could have been worse; I’d only fallen flat on my face twice. 
After that mortification was over, I dragged my aching body to my car so I could head home and take that long soak in the tub I’d been dreaming about all afternoon. Afterward, I was going to do nothing but zone out in front of television for the rest of the night. Luckily, I had a stash of chocolate cookies just calling my name. The gang popped back up as I closed my car door. There was no telling where they had slipped off to while I was gone. 
“Well, well, well... That really was something, I must say. A true sight to behold.” 
I paused in my tracks as my hand sat on the key that I’d shoved in the ignition. I knew where Mrs. Williams was going with her statement.
I didn’t look over and acknowledge her presence. Instead, I forced my hand to turn the key. As the engine purred to life, she continued. 
“Let’s see, you wear revealing clothing to work in a business environment.” She ticked that one off on her stubby little finger. Then she clicked another finger. “And now you’re a stripper,” she hissed.
My cheeks grew hot. Frustration surged inside of me.
“I am not a stripper,” I shrieked. I was so angry, I couldn’t believe a ghost was responsible for making me feel that way. “And so what if I were? That happens to be pole fitness, and I’m just helping out my best friend.”
She shrugged. “Whatever you say.” She had a nasty smirk on her face.
If I could have opened the door and thrown her out, I would have. She’d only pop right back in the car, and there was no getting rid of her.
As I cruised out of the parking lot, I was thanking my lucky stars that at least Abe and Mr. Haynes had listened to me and stayed in the car. Or at any rate, I prayed they had stayed in the car. I trusted them, though, and knew Mrs. Williams was the only one who would do the opposite of what I told her. If Abe and Mr. Haynes hadn’t, I’d have been doomed. 
At least the class had given me some time to reflect, and I decided one thing. And that one thing was I didn’t have time for a love life anyway. Who needed a love life when they had so many friends to entertain them? Not me. Especially since my friends were all dead people. They just made things more interesting. I turned the radio on to keep me company while I navigated the streets home. 
Daydreaming once again, as I shifted from one street to the next. I sure had been daydreaming a lot lately; I guess I was trying to escape the reality of my life. I knew one thing for sure, though: if Mrs. Williams didn’t leave me alone tonight and stop with the singing I would have to invest in earplugs.
Oh, and not to mention how handy those earplugs would come in for my intense history lessons of the past month. He really likes to talk, that Abraham Lincoln.
Chapter 17

I hated to admit it, and I doubted I would tell Mindy, but I did feel slightly better. I felt somewhat refreshed, really. It was probably due to the fact I’d actually exercised. I was sore in places I didn’t know muscles existed, though. 
Yes, I had a good feeling about the day. A fresh start; it was just what I needed. Then, in an instant, it all changed. My good mood was drained away in the twinkling of an eye.
A huge black cloud, in the form of Brianna, stepped into my store and everything changed. Her eyes scanned my body as she took in every feature, eyeing me from the top of my head, and not stopping until she reached my freshly painted toenails. Thankfully, Mindy wasn’t around, because she probably would have slugged her as soon as she saw the smug look on her face. 
Brianna flashed me an innocent smile that made my skin crawl and said, “Oh, Larue! I’m dreadfully sorry things didn’t work out for you and Callahan. It’s too bad, but that’s the way the cookie crumbles.” 
I didn’t respond. Instead, I just glared at her.
“You know, things happen that way sometimes. If the chemistry isn’t there, it isn’t there. He really didn’t know how to tell you about us. He said you’re a sweet girl and all, but just not his type. He felt sorry for you, really. He said it seemed obvious you needed a date.”
I was surprised steam wasn’t rolling out of my ears. Despite what she was saying, I didn’t want to believe it, but a little part of me wondered if it were true. It did sting to hear those words; I couldn’t lie. It was all I could do not to reach over and strangle Brianna at that point. 
I withheld, though, and instead, I said, “Look, I really don’t care. Was there some other reason why you stopped in? Did you need a book?” I stared her right in her wicked little eyes. 
I was trying to give off an I-don’t-care attitude. Even though it was hard, I tried to do the right thing, really I did. It was my motto to always treat others as I wanted to be treated, but with her, it was impossible. 
Brianna snorted as if to say she’d never actually buy anything from me. Who was I kidding, she probably never even read books.
“Well, there is one additional thing I wanted to mention to you. How do I put this…” 
I wasn’t sure if I was ready for what she was about to say, but apparently I had no choice. She wasn’t leaving until she’d said what was on her mind. What she’d said already was bad enough. Could it get any worse? 
“I really think it’s best if you don’t go into the coffee shop anymore. Callahan says it would be just plain awkward. And you make him terribly nervous. He said he actually has visions of you being like that woman from the movie Fatal Attraction.” She eyed her fingernail nonchalantly, looking for a chip. 
Okay, so it could get worse. I could feel the heat rising in my head. I wanted to scream at her. Actually, I wanted to pull every last one of her spiked little hairs out of her head. I couldn’t let her get to me that way though; I needed to appear calm. Even if, on the inside, I was on fire.
“I don’t think he has anything to worry about. I have no desire to go into his shop. And I can assure you I am not like that woman from the movie.” I almost told her his coffee was lousy too, but that would have just sounded petty.
I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes. My throat was tightening up. I wanted to cry. How could anyone be so cruel? There was no need for her to come into my store and tell me that. Especially since I hadn’t been in his store. Okay, I guess I did go in that one day just to see for myself what Mindy had said about his eyes. I had gotten my coffee and left right away, though. It’s not like I lingered around. I wanted her out of my shop, and I wanted her out right that second. 
The gang had been standing around protectively. They could sense Brianna was trouble. For once, I was glad to have them around and to not to be alone, even if, to Brianna, it did appear that I was all on my own. 
Abe was standing in the corner of the store nearest to me. I tilted my head to see that Mr. Haynes had popped up in the opposite corner. The next thing I knew, Vivian and Mrs. Williams were there, too. They all made a move forward and were circling around her like sharks ready to chomp her into little bits at any second. It looked as if they were surrounding Brianna, ready to rumble. 
How was I going to explain if anything weird started happening to her? By the look in their eyes it appeared they were all pretty steamed. Especially Abe—he had a fire in his eyes I’d never seen before. 
He’d recently become very protective of me, just like a father figure. A father figure I’d never really had. In a way I was actually enjoying that part, although I’d never admit it to him.
I looked over at Abe again, and he had a cheeky grin plastered on his face. He nodded and then gave me a wink. I knew by the wink that something was about to happen. First, Vivian glided over in her beautiful gown, hauled her arm back and gave a hefty swing, knocking Brianna’s purse right off her shoulder and halfway across the floor. 
My eyes widened at her bold act; she had quite a punch. 
Brianna let out a large gasp, her mouth open with shock. Then she gave me a confused look, followed by an evil glare. Her venom slapped me in the face. 
I furrowed my eyebrows and returned the look, letting her know I wasn’t backing down. It would take more than a dirty glare to get to me. By the look on her face, I could tell she was stunned and confused by what had just happened. 
Finally, I pasted a nonchalant look on my face. I tried to play along and not let on that I knew what was really happening to her. 
Brianna reached down and hurriedly scooped up her purse from the floor. She delicately brushed it off with her pointy little fingers, as if it were made from the finest china. 
“Is there anything else you need to tell me?” I asked through gritted teeth. I creased my eyebrows and gave her my best attempt at an annoyed look.
Mr. Haynes grabbed a nearby book and hurled it at Brianna. 
As much as I detested her, I was thankful it wasn’t aimed at her head. I disliked her, but I didn’t want to kill her. The book landed at her feet and she gasped as she gazed down at it. 
Actually, she appeared bewildered; I had never quite seen that expression from her before. One thing was for sure, she looked furious with me. As if she knew I was somehow responsible for the flying book.
“Did you do that?” she huffed.
“Do what?” 
“You know what. You threw that book at me!” She looked down again at the book, still stunned. Her stance implied she was ready to fight, one hand placed on her hip and the other coiled up at her side as if she had an imaginary gun holster and she was ready to challenge me to a duel. 
Luckily, her only weapons were the daggers she was throwing at me with her eyes. Her eyes grew dark and almost appeared to change colors from their usual blue. I didn’t think I’d ever seen anyone so angry before. Not even the demons I’d come into contact with over the past few years.
“Brianna, I was standing right here all along. Don’t be ridiculous. How could I possibly throw a book at you? You were watching me the whole time.”
Brianna twisted around and studied the empty bookstore. 
“All right, then, who did it? Who’s in here with us? Is it your trampy little friend? Where is she hiding?”
“My friend is not trampy.” My blood was boiling. It was one thing to call me names, but no one messed with my friends.
“And there is no one here but us.” And the ghosts.
Abe circled around her. It was hard not to snicker at the fact we truly weren’t alone. And the fact Abraham Lincoln was one of the spirits drifting around was pretty cool, too. 
Brianna smirked at me, then rushed around the store, bobbing around corners and looking behind shelves. Her spiky hair was the only thing I could see moving up and down as she searched for the person responsible for throwing the hardback at her. If she were that mad over a book landing at her feet, what would she have done if it had hit her in the head? That was truly a scary thought.
“I know you’re up to something, Larue, and I intend to get to the bottom of it.” She waved her hand at me. 
“Look, Brianna, I have no idea what you’re talking about. We’ve been over this already. I didn’t throw the book at you. It simply fell, that’s all.” 
“No. You know there’s more to it than that. Strange things have been going on, and I think you’re somehow responsible for them.” 
She narrowed her ever suspicious pale-blue eyes at me.
“I haven’t been near you. I actually work, unlike some people in this town, and I don’t have time to play your games. I don’t know what kind of strange things you are talking about.” 
“You moved that book somehow, without your hands, and there have been other strange things going on, too. I want you to leave me alone, or you’ll be sorry!” 
“Is that a threat?” 
“Yes, it is.” She stared me squarely in the eyes.
“I think it’s time you left.” 
“Oh, I’ll leave, all right. But just remember, Callahan is mine and there’s nothing you can do about that. Leave him alone.” She wiggled her finger at me.
“Gladly,” I shrieked.
“I’ll get you for this, Larue. You’re just jealous that I have Callahan and you don’t. I can’t believe you attacked me like this.”
I didn’t know what to say. I was totally speechless. She had actually just accused me of attacking her with a book. As if I had somehow moved it with my mind.
“Brianna, I don’t know what to say, I didn’t throw a book at you. I really don’t want anything to do with you. I’m not jealous, I just want to be left alone. Now get out!”
Brianna turned on her heel and bolted for the door, mumbling under her breath the entire way. My head was spinning as if I’d just battled an F5 tornado.
I tried to shake the thought of what had just happened out of my head. For a brief moment, while Brianna had been standing in front of me, I’d thought she was going to attack me. Maybe I should have let the ghosts throw the book somewhere other than her leg. Just being around her caused me to have a sinking sensation and a terrible sense of dread. How was I going to deal with her? Working right across from her and seeing her every day didn’t make it easy to just ignore her.
Chapter 18

I didn’t think it was possible, but things with Brianna kept getting worse. Despite my denial, Brianna was convinced I was carrying out mischievous and hateful incidents against her. There was no doubt about it—I had to get the gang to leave her alone for my own sanity and safety.
“I need to talk to you guys. Where are you? Come out. I know you’re here somewhere.” 
Of all the times for them to hide from me like children who knew they were in trouble and about to be punished. I crossed my arms in front of my chest to let them know I meant business. 
“Come out right now. You too, Mrs. Williams. If you want my help, then show yourself right now,” I demanded. 
After a minute passed, Abe appeared, looking at me innocently. 
“Now where are the rest of you? I’d better see all of you at once. This is important.” 
Vivian slowly materialized in the corner of the room. She was holding her head down bashfully. 
“Mr. Haynes? Don’t be shy, now. Come out here and talk to me.” 
“Hello, Larue.” Mr. Haynes popped up next to me, like he hadn’t known I’d been looking for him. 
My heart lurched. “Oh, don’t do that. You scared me to dea… Um, you scared me.” 
I tried not to use the word death around them. No need to rekindle bad memories for them.
“What are you guys doing to Brianna? She has it out for me because she thinks I’m doing things to her. I know you’re up to something, and are responsible for the shenanigans.” 
I was met with silence. “Come on, guys. I need to know what you’ve done.” Everyone was looking at the floor, not saying anything.
“Mr. Haynes, I know you will tell me.” I released a deep sigh. Why were they being so difficult? 
“We merely made some noise.”
I raised my eyebrow. “And?”
“We hid some of her things.” 
I couldn’t help but let out a snicker. “What kind of things?”
“Nothing major, a hairbrush here, a toothbrush there. And maybe her keys on a few occasions.”
I could see Brianna searching her house in vain for the items.
“You guys have to leave Brianna alone. It is causing me so many headaches. She’s suspicious I’m somehow involved in the pranks going on around her.” I gave an exasperated look and slumped further down on my seat. 
“You are involved,” Mrs. Williams said as she stood across the room, leafing through one of the books. 
I just gave her a warning glare. There was no point in arguing with her; she didn’t listen. She was one stubborn woman.
“Now does everyone understand me? Leave Brianna alone. I know you’re just trying to help, but right now, it’s not helping. Actually, it’s making things far worse for me. You’ll stop? No more pranks?”
I scanned everyone’s pale, somewhat transparent faces, waiting for an answer. Silence filled the space. No answer. I shot another stern look their way. Finally, everyone reluctantly nodded in agreement. 
“Of course, dear,” Mr. Haynes said. 
“Good, now that we’ve got that settled, we can drop the subject of Brianna. I don’t want to even think of her. Now, I need to get to work. Here comes a customer. Everyone, please do not do anything to her.” 
My frown deepened as I eyed Mrs. Williams; she couldn’t be trusted. 
After the customer had gone I took a seat behind the counter and grabbed the mail. I hadn’t opened it the day before, so a pile was quickly stacking up. Nothing but the usual letters and bills, until I spotted a neatly wrapped package. 
I picked it up and eyed the return address. It was a package from my mother. I slid my finger under the edge and carefully opened it. I wonder why she’s sending me a package to work. 
Inside the package was a pretty golden box of candy. Chocolate truffles to be exact. My favorite of course. I wondered what the occasion was; my mother never mailed me things. If she bought me something, she usually used it as an excuse to stop by. I guess I’d been hoping the box was from a secret admirer instead. 
My mother knew how I loved chocolate, but she also never wanted me to gain an ounce, so it surprised me that she’d sent it. Me eating chocolate might impair my chances of meeting Mr. Right, her exact words. There was no letter included, though, so maybe she was finally easing up on her relentless badgering. 
The shiny golden box was dazzling in front of me and oh-so-pretty. I just couldn’t resist breaking into the package immediately. I opened the top and retrieved a couple of pieces of chocolate. Hoping to eat them before the customer in the non-fiction section needed my help, I hurriedly popped one in my mouth. It wouldn’t look very professional if I got caught chewing a mouthful of chocolate. 
Reluctantly, I sat the box aside and finished going through the mail as I nibbled on the other pieces of chocolate. Fortunately, I’d finished chomping them before the customer came over to pay for her book. I rang up her total and, as she exited the shop, I peeked down at the sparkly gold box again. Okay, just one more piece wouldn’t hurt. I still couldn’t believe my mother had sent the candy to tempt me; my day was looking up in spite of everything. And all it had taken was a box of candy in a pretty gilded package.
An hour later and my stomach was not being kind to me. Sharp pains were shooting through my abdomen like tiny knives were being jabbed at me by unseen hands. Not since my twenty-first birthday had I been so sick. Waves of nausea were overpowering my mind, making every thought fuzzy. 
Slipping down to my knees from my stool, I managed to crawl across the hardwood floor to the open sign dangling on the front door and flip it to closed. With a low groan, I reached up, stretching as hard as my body would allow and switched the lock shut; I was in no condition to wait on customers. I rolled my body over slightly and reached into my pocket to grab my cellphone. 
The room was becoming increasingly dark. The edges of my vision were going black. In a daze, I fumbled with my phone, finally able to punch in Mindy’s number. Thankfully, she picked up right away. 
“Hello,” she said cheerfully. 
Words would not form, nothing came out of my mouth. 
“Larue, is that you? Are you all right?” 
I could sense the concern in her voice. Still, I couldn’t force the words to materialize. I tried to move my mouth to speak, but I was too weak.
“Larue, are you there?” Mindy was becoming increasingly alarmed.
With my luck, Mindy probably thought I’d accidentally dialed her number. I’d made that mistake in the past. One time, while driving down the highway with my phone stashed in the bottom of my purse, I’d accidentally called her phone. She’d gotten the treat of listening to me sing along to the radio for at least five minutes on her voice mail. 
“Sick.” That was the only word that finally sputtered out of my dry lips. 
“I’m on my way.” 
Relief glided over me, it was good to have a best friend I could count on, and Mindy was always there for me. Sure, she got on my nerves at times, but she really was great. Lying on the floor, I opened one eye to see the squad of spirits hovering over me. 
“What do you think is wrong with her? What do we do with her?” I heard their voices chatting. 
Their voices were muffled, as though I was hearing them through a tin can. They were talking amongst themselves as if I couldn’t hear them. For all they knew I couldn’t.
Mindy was there in what seemed like hours, but in reality was more like seconds. I heard the faint sound of her key pushing through the lock and then the rattle of the knob as the door opened. The bell above the door chimed, the sound exaggerated in my mind as the tone swirled in my head. 
Mindy burst through the door and fell to my side. “Oh My God, Larue. What happened? Never mind. Don’t try to answer me. Let’s get you home.” 
Mindy draped her arms under mine and lifted me up in one big heave. I guess those pole dancing classes were paying off for her, after all. Struggling with me down the sidewalk, she eased me into her car, and hurried back to lock the door behind us. 
I couldn’t even help myself sit up. As I slumped over in the seat, all I remembered thinking was I didn’t want to hurl in her nice new Audi. 
The next thing I knew, I was waking up in my bedroom. Everything seemed exceedingly bright, like a thousand fluorescent lights were shining down on me. My ghostly friends were huddled around the bed, waiting for me to come to life. I must have looked like hell, but that’s the good thing about having dead friends—no matter how bad I looked, I always looked better than they did. 
They smiled down at me, and I gave my best attempt at a smile back. Thank God for a comfortable bed. My down comforter had never felt so good. As I opened my eyes to see the sun dancing through the window and bouncing off my bedroom walls, I was grateful for the decision to paint my walls a soft yellow. On that particular morning it was more soothing than ever. 
I really didn’t remember any of my trip home the evening before. I’d been drifting in and out of sleep the entire time. Apparently Mindy had stayed with me, because I could hear her in my upstairs shower. My head was still slightly foggy, and I felt as if I’d been drugged. I felt like I had the worst hangover in the history of hangovers. The thought that instantly popped into my mind was: What the hell kind of candy did my mother send me?
Trying to move as little as possible, I fumbled for the phone on the nightstand beside my bed. Still hazy, I punched in my mother’s number. 
“Hi, Dear. This is a treat. I’m so glad you called.” My mother had finally discovered Caller ID.
“Mom, why did you sent me that horrible candy?” 
“What do you mean, sweetheart? Are you all right? Your voice doesn’t sound right.” 
“The chocolates you sent me. I got them yesterday and they made me really sick. I mean like deathly ill.” I was a little frustrated.
“I didn’t send you candy.” 
I really was confused. “What do you mean you didn’t send any candy?” 
“I mean I didn’t send you anything, sweetheart. I wouldn’t tempt you like that. I don’t want to spoil my chances of being a grandmother. With your nice figure, I think you’ll eventually attract a husband. At least I hope you do.” 
Ugh. Here I was on my deathbed, and she was worried about my marital status and whether or not she’d have grandchildren to torture. 
“It had your name on the package. Diana Donavan was clearly marked on the return address. I remember looking at it.” 
“That’s impossible, dear. You must be mistaken. Perhaps you looked at the package wrong.” 
Was my brain so fuzzy from being sick I’d imagined her name on the package? No, I was sure I’d been alert when I’d opened it, but maybe I’d already been starting to become ill then. I was so confused. Maybe she was right—somehow I had simply looked at it incorrectly.
“I guess I made a mistake then,” I said warily.
“Are you sure you’re all right? You said you were sick. What’s wrong? Is it the flu?”
“I just ate something that didn’t agree with me, I guess. I’m feeling fine now.”
“Do I need to come take care of you, sugar? I can bring you some soup.”
“No, no. I’m fine.” That’s the last thing I needed right at the moment. I didn’t want her to find out about my feud with Brianna.
“I have to go to work, Mom, I’ll call you later.”
“You promise?”
“I promise.” 
“All right, sugar, if you promise. I love you.”
“I love you too, Mom.”
Stumbling out of bed, I opened the door of my bedroom and crossed the living room floor into the kitchen to retrieve my purse. It contained the dreaded box of chocolates. Or, should I say ‘box of evidence.’ I yanked the package out of my purse and held it up in front of my face for close examination. Looking at the front of the package, I realized there was no return address. That was really strange. Evidently, I was losing it.
Just then, Mindy came bounding down the stairs. And a smidgen too cheerfully for my taste that early in the morning, I might add. Maybe I was only cranky from being sick, but I’d never understand how she could be so energized that early. And I thought of myself as a morning person. I guess I had that perception all wrong.
“How are you feeling this morning?” She placed her hand on my forehead like my mother always had when checking for a temperature.
“I’m much better.” 
“You still look pale. You should go back to bed and get more rest.” She frowned.
I shrugged and nodded. “I have to open Book Nook.”
“I’ll open the store for you. You just go back to bed and rest.”
“No, really, I’m fine. You get to your class. Those little old ladies need their pole fitness.” I tried to snicker, but it hurt my stomach.
“I guess you are feeling better.” She shot me a wry smile.
“You’re darn right I am. Now scoot,” I said.
“I’ll come by and check on you later.”
“Thank you, Mindy. I mean it, thanks for everything.”
“You’re welcome.”
She hugged me goodbye, and then I trudged off to the shower. My knees still felt weak, but I wasn’t about to share that detail with her. She needed to work just as much as I did. If she thought I wasn’t well she would have hung around for sure. We both had homes to pay for and countless other bills that wouldn’t go away. I sucked in a deep, breath expanding my lungs as the hot water eased the tension in my body. What was going on? Was I losing it? I was positive my mother’s name had been on that package.
Chapter 19

Working the morning after you thought you were almost dying is no picnic. Luckily, I had those comfy leather chairs to snuggle into and relax. I had always loved the idea of curling up in front of a fire with a book, and that’s what had given me the idea to place the dark leather chairs in front of the old fireplace in Book Nook. 
The fireplace hadn’t worked when I’d bought the store, but after a few weeks, the handyman had it in top operating condition. So when I didn’t have customers wandering around the store or other work to do, I planted myself in one of those cozy chairs and tried to get my bearings back. After thinking over what might have made me sick, I finally figured I’d simply gotten a bad batch of something. That was the only logical explanation. As to who’d sent the package, well, I was too troubled to think about it.
True to her word, Mindy waltzed through the door at lunch time, in typical Mindy style. 
“I brought lunch!” She dangled the bag in front of her face.
I groaned as I stretched like a cat, from my position in the chair. 
“I’m not sure I’m ready to eat yet. My mind says yes, but I think my stomach says no.”
“Don’t be silly. You need your strength, and you’re not going to get it from not eating,” she said gleefully.
“All those fitness classes are seeping into your brain,” I said sarcastically.
“Don’t you want to be healthy?”
I grunted as I grabbed the bag from her. “No.” I smirked. “Of course I do. What did you bring?”
“Healthy food, of course.”
“You call this healthy?” I said, opening the bag and peering in. I stuck my hand into the bag and pulled out the meal. I placed the food on the small end table that sat between the two chairs.
“Sandwiches are healthy.”
“Not when they have this much mayonnaise. I think they added an entire jar to it.” I snatched up a napkin and began scraping at my bread. As Mindy gaped at me, I tried to wipe the condiment off as much as I could. It was a losing battle.
“It was the easiest thing to pick up on the way over. You know I have to go all the way on the other side of town for anything else. Now quit complaining and eat your sandwich.”
“Oh, well… In that case that makes it all right. Forget healthy, if it means driving across town.” I laughed.
“Don’t be so picky. You’ll eat it and like it.”
I smirked as I took a big bite of my sandwich. I prayed it wouldn’t upset my stomach again. It was still queasy and I didn’t think mayonnaise would help ease it.
Mindy stared at me; she obviously had something on her mind.
“What? Whatever you’re thinking just spit it out.” I smirked.
“Did you ever stop to think that just maybe these,” she raised her fingers and made air quotes, “‘accidents’ aren’t really accidents?”
“Actually…” I placed my sandwich down. 
I hadn’t told her about the candy yet. I knew she’d blow a fuse when she found out. I was reluctant to tell Mindy I didn’t even know where the package of candy had come from, but I didn’t want to hide anything from her, either.
“I got a package with candy in it. I thought they were from my mother. But I called her and she said the chocolates weren’t from her.”
“What does that mean?”
“Well, it means that I don’t know who the candy was from and I’m sure that’s what made me sick. I got sick right after eating the candy. I mean, it only took about an hour.”
“Oh. My. God. Larue. See, I knew it! We have to go to the police. We have to tell them Brianna is trying to kill you.”
“Whoa, hold your horses. How do we know it’s Brianna?” 
Mindy flashed me a glare.
“Well, how do we know she’s trying to kill me? Maybe it is someone else, or maybe she’s just trying to scare me. We have no proof that it’s her.” I took a sip of my drink and eyed her for a response.
Mindy stared at me for a second, then said, “Maybe they could find her fingerprints on the box?”
“Somehow I think she’s smarter than that. Don’t you?” Besides, the police won’t test it just because I tell them to. They have more important things to do.” I took another bite of my turkey sandwich. Still too much mayonnaise. 
“I’m worried about you, Larue,” Mindy said with a pained look on her face.
“There’s no reason to worry. I’m fine, really.” 
Abe was standing next to Mindy shaking his head in agreement with her.
“Sure, there is reason to worry. I mean, you are working next to that monster every day, and she is evil. Pure evil.” Mindy inclined her head in the direction of Brianna’s boutique.
“I’m just trying to avoid her. I think that’s the best plan,” I said before taking another sip of my drink.
“But she’s coming to you now. Sending you packages. You can’t avoid her like that. God knows what she’ll try next.”
“If I get any other packages I’ll be extra cautious. I promise.” I twisted my mouth into a grin.
“That’s not funny. Not funny at all.” Mindy frowned.
In that moment of silence, we both gazed out the window at the innocent-looking boutique across the way. The fashionable mannequins posed in the window. The chic sign above the door. Tiny shivers climbed up my back. A store that looked so innocent really housed something incredibly mean.
“She must still feel like you’re a threat to her.” Mindy wolfed down the last bite of her tuna sandwich. “Like maybe you’ll come between her new-found relationship with Callahan,” she added.
“I don’t want him. I told her already. She can have him. I don’t want sloppy seconds,” I said crabbily as I crossed my arms over my chest.
Immediately, a flashback of Callahan’s kisses rushed through my mind, and there was no denying my feelings. I was angry. Angry at myself for falling for his tricks and allowing him to kiss me so passionately. I had let myself be swayed by his smile and bulging biceps. But never again. I would never fall for it again.
Mindy stretched and stood, then said, “So, let’s see. You have the car that almost hit you. And then the sign just fell for no good reason and almost smashed you in the head.” She was ticking each incident off on her fingers as she spoke. “Then you receive a mysterious box of candy you thought was from your mother, but turned out was from some unknown person. And I have my suspicions who that person was. And their name starts with a B. Hmm. B for bitch.” Mindy laughed at her joke. 
“I’ll admit that all of that had crossed my mind already. But she has Callahan. Why does she still want me gone?” 
“It’s simple. She just doesn’t like you, that’s all.”
“Thanks for the insight, Sherlock.”
“You’re welcome. Let me know if you have any other cases you need solved.” Mindy gave a grin, and then held a fake pipe up to her mouth.
“Now I feel like I have to keep myself hidden inside the store all the time. I never know when something is going to fall from the sky or come at me from out of nowhere. It’s like being in prison.” I repositioned myself in the chair, the leather making a swooshing noise as I did. 
“Well, you do have secret bodyguards, right?” She glanced around the room as if she were trying to spot the apparitions. 
I shrugged. “I suppose I do. Unfortunately, they can’t do much to help me with this situation.”
Mr. Haynes and Abe smiled an acknowledging smile.
The sidewalk outside was eerily empty. It was a quiet afternoon. No customers had appeared since early morning, but for once that was fine with me. I needed the alone time to relax. All the tension was really finally catching up to me. 
Mindy flipped the switch on the wall, and the fire instantly roared, dancing in front of us. Fall was in the air, and I was so glad I had invested in the repaired fireplace. A flip of the switch and it was on—no wood, matches or anything to worry with. Nothing to clean. 
As I sat there looking around the room, I realized how much I truly did love my job. I was my own boss. I did not have to answer to anyone, well except for the ghosts. Other than that, I was on my own. If I needed a break, I could take it. And, for once, I needed one.
“And you’re sure you won’t go to the police? I really think you should.” Mindy said, breaking through my reflections. 
“I’m sure. I know how the police department works around here. They would never believe someone was trying to kill me. I can hear them now, ‘A woman scorned.’ They’d just think I was jealous of Brianna for being with Callahan. No thanks, I don’t need that headache.” I waved my hand in disgust at the thought. “I’ll just wait it out and maybe she’ll leave me alone.”
“Wait it out? Maybe you’ll wait too long and she really will hurt you.” Mindy rubbed her hands in front of the fire. “Or,” she paused, “God forbid, kill you.” 
“Oh, Brianna’s not going to kill me. She just wants to scare me, that’s all. It’s just a little game to her,” I said, throwing my legs over the side of the chair.
“I can’t understand how you can be so blasé about all of this.” 
“I’m not being blasé. I just don’t want to deal with the police, when they won’t do anything about it anyway.”
“Have you told your mother or grandparents about what’s going on?” 
“Heck no, they would just worry. You’re the only one who knows. And I want to keep it that way, so do not tell anyone. You promise?” 
“I promise.” 
“I have to agree with Mindy, there. I think Brianna is dangerous, and you should be very careful,” Mr. Haynes cut in. 
“I will, Mr. Haynes. Thank you for your concern.” 
“I don’t know what he said, but I can tell he’s on my side by your answer,” Mindy said. “He agrees with me. He’s concerned, too. See? I know what I’m talking about. Even the ghosts think so.” 
“I’ll have to watch what I answer from now on.” 
“I know what I’d do to her if it were me,” Mrs. Williams said, popping up from behind us. 
“I’m sure you do,” I said. 
“She’s a nasty person. I never did like her.” 
“Well, fill me in. That’s not fair. You can’t have a one-sided conversation without telling me what’s said,” Mindy demanded.
“Mrs. Williams said if she were in my shoes she knows what she would do to Brianna.” 
“And what is that?” 
“I don’t know, I didn’t ask. But do we really need to ask to know it wouldn’t be very nice?” I laughed.
“No. I suppose you’re right. After what I’ve seen her do to your customers and books, I think I know what she’d do. I have to get to work. I’m having a new customer for class today,” Mindy said, as she hoisted her purse over her shoulder. 
I never would understand how she carried that heavy thing around. 
“How about you come over tonight? We can down a pitcher of delicious margaritas?” I asked, wiggling my eyebrows at her.
“You’re sick. You can’t have margaritas. Anyway, I’d love to, sweetie, but I have a hot date. Bob’s taking me out to dinner. And then who knows what will happen next.”
I tried to hide my disappointment, but it was hard. I couldn’t let Mindy know what I was thinking. The negative thoughts that filled my mind would only make her sad. In my mind, it seemed as if everyone had a date but me, except for the ghosts, of course. But that didn’t count. Nonetheless, I told myself I didn’t need a date, but in reality I’d gotten used to the few rendezvous with Callahan, and I missed that feeling. I was really starting to like having someone to be with, someone who seemed to care about me. Not to mention his luscious kisses.
“Are you all right? I can cancel. Robert would understand,” she said, eyeing my face.
“No, no. No way. I can’t let you do that. I just thought you didn’t have anything to do tonight, that’s all. I was trying to be a good friend.” I gave her a bright smile.
I wasn’t sure if she bought my act, but she smiled nonetheless. “I need to clean my house anyway. My kitchen is a mess.”
“If you’re sure?” 
“I’m sure. Now scat. Get out of here and get ready for your date. And have a great time. I’m finishing up here real quick, then I’m off. I think I’ll close early.” 
“That sounds like a good idea. Please be careful. I worry about you. Do I need to follow you home?” 
“No, I don’t think that will be necessary. I have Abe, Mr. Haynes and Vivian to go with me.”
Mrs. Williams looked at me. “And Mrs. Williams, for whatever that’s worth.” I gave her the eye.
Chapter 20

It had been some time since my last date with Callahan. No more bringing me my favorite lattes. Sadly, he didn’t even look my way anymore. As long as I lived, I’d never understand men. There was no denying one thing, though. Callahan appeared to be walking around town on autopilot. Lately, the only place I’d seen him go was across the way to Brianna’s boutique. 
Brianna, the mere mention of that name made me cringe. The one guy I’d found in years that actually intrigued me, and he’d turned out to be a snake in the grass. Actually, I’d decided I really shouldn’t be all that surprised. 
And despite what Mindy thought, it wasn’t just his looks I was interested in. Okay at first, yes, it was all his looks, but after talking to him, I’d realized he had a boyish charm that was irresistible, but also the perfect amount of manliness, as well. In no way was he immature like others I had dated. 
My other dates had been twenty-something going on twelve. And, as much as I hated Brianna and couldn’t stand the sight of her, I felt it wasn’t her that I should blame. If Callahan hadn’t chased her, I was sure he would have chased after any other skirt that had come along. Just wait, Brianna would see soon enough. 
He’d dump her when someone else came along. All he needed was for a shorter skirt to come his way, and she’d be history. All the same, I knew Brianna had dished out her fair share of dumping to others as well, so I guessed that would be her payback. What goes around comes around. But what about me? What was I being paid back for? 
I had never treated anyone with such disregard. But… time heals all pain and I was moving on. Or at least I was trying to. If only I could get Mindy to drop the subject.
Again, she was paying me a visit to talk about none other than the two lovebirds. Even after she’d promised she’d drop the subject. She couldn’t resist it.
“Have you noticed Callahan lately? Something is seriously different. It’s very noticeable now. I can’t put my finger on it. He just looks strange. Even more unusual than he did before.” Mindy furrowed her eyebrows.
“I may have noticed,” I said dispassionately. 
“He’s walking around in an almost zombie-like state. It’s weird. I’ve never seen anyone act that way.” 
I nodded in agreement. I couldn’t deny what I had seen. “He does have a dazed look in his eyes. He never even looks over here anymore, when he walks past. It’s his loss, though. He doesn’t know what he’s missing. I knew he was too good to be true when I met him.” 
“He must be completely insane to not be with you, and to choose her over you. I can’t believe anyone would want to be with her.”
I slumped my shoulders and sighed.
As Abe stared at me from a distance, I could tell he recognized the dejection in my eyes. Slowly, he made his way over, reached down, and put his arms around me. Needless to say, I was not expecting it. I felt a shiver from his cold touch as he gave me a big hug. That was rare. He’d only done that once before, when I’d fallen down the steps. He’d enfolded his stiff arms around me, given me a big hug and then a nice pat on the head. I got the impression he wasn’t one for sappy emotions. 
“I don’t know, Larue. Something just doesn’t seem right about the whole situation. I mean, I know you’ve seen his eyes. There’s this darkness about them. I think they’ve actually changed colors. It’s like the lights are on, but no one’s home.” 
I had to admit, when I’d gone to get coffee that day, he’d looked strange. I had no idea what could be wrong with him. I mean, what would cause someone to have a blank stare? What would possibly happen to make him seem so devoid of emotion? 
“I wonder if something is physically making him look and act that way? He could be sick, hence the change in eye color. Maybe I should research illnesses on the internet?” I tapped my finger on the counter, mulling over the thought.
“What are you going to type in? Guy doesn’t want to date me and has a blank look in his eyes?” 
“Smart ass! I guess you do have a point.” I giggled.
“Speak of the devil.” Mindy pointed to the front window to Brianna’s shop across the street. 
I felt like we were two old hens gossiping, but unfortunately, everything that was going on seemed so strange. I guess I couldn’t help but look when I saw her.
I slid off my stool, and Mindy joined me as we slithered toward to the window. 
Mindy tripped on a display on her way over. “Damn,” she blurted out. “I’ll pick those up in a minute,” she said as I looked back at the books on the floor.
She joined me beside the window.
“Wait a minute. I thought you didn’t want to spy anymore.”
I flashed a cross look at Mindy. “I’m not spying. I’m just looking out a window, that’s all. Nothing wrong with that.”
“Right. Whatever you say.” Mindy nodded.
We watched as Brianna turned the sign on her front door to read closed, and then she practically skipped across the road to Callahan’s. As she flounced by, she glanced in the store and saw Mindy and me with our mouths gaping open as we stood motionless at the front window, our faces pressed firmly into to the glass. She gave a smirk and then laughed. We couldn’t hear it from inside the store, but I imagined it sounded something like the laugh from the Wicked Witch of the West.
As soon as she’d gone, Mindy picked up a book and glanced through it. After a second, she set it down and said, “What do you know about this guy anyway?” 
“What guy? The author of the book?”
“No, silly. Callahan.”
“Oh, right. I don’t know much really, I suppose. He moved here from Louisville. His parents live there still. He has brothers and he likes to workout. That’s about it, I guess.” 
“That’s all the info he has told you?”
I nodded. “Yeah, that’s it.”
“That’s not a lot of information. Is he hiding a secret or something? Why did he move here? I mean, why would someone want to come here if his family wasn’t from here originally?” 
“I don’t know. He said he’d always wanted to live in a small town. Makes sense I guess. Plenty of people want to live in small towns.” I shrugged.
“No, it doesn’t make sense. Who in their right mind would want to move here? Magnolia of all places.” Mindy picked up another book.
“Oh come on, this is a great little town. Lots of history around this magnificent town. Plus, we live here. It can’t be all that bad.” I continued looking out the window at the cars driving past. A few people sauntered down the sidewalks.
“There is nothing to do here. It’s boring.” Mindy set the book down.
“There’s always pole dancing. That’s not boring,” I said, with a smirk.
Mindy shot daggers at me again. “I’m going to ignore that comment.” 
“Whatever you need to do,” I said with a cynical grin. 
Mindy moved to another stack of books. Her curls bounced with every step she took.
“So, he moves here and sets up a coffee shop, then starts dating women all over town. The rat,” Mindy hissed.
“I don’t think he was dating women all over town.” I paused. “Just women that work within a one block radius.” 
Mindy laughed. “Well, that’s much better then.” 
“Yeah, he’s a real gentleman.” 
“Aren’t you suspicious of the way Brianna has Callahan wrapped around her finger? Don’t you find that odd? I’ve never seen a man so devoted before. I’ve seen love-struck guys before, but never like that.” 
“I have to agree I haven’t, either. But whatever floats his boat.” I didn’t want to think about the reasons why he was so dedicated to her. It probably had something to do with the bedroom, and that thought made me cringe. 
After a moment of silence as we pondered the thought, Mindy asked, “What are you going to do about your ghostly friends?” 
Mindy nodded her head to the side then looked around as if she would be able to spot them for the first time ever. 
“I don’t know. I think I’m stuck with them until the end of time,” I sighed. “I don’t know why all of them are being so stubborn. I know why one is, just not the others.” 
“Have you asked them?” 
“Yes, and I get reasons I can’t really solve. Except for Mrs. Williams, she just wants me to talk to her husband, and he has barricaded himself in his home. He won’t talk to anyone. It’s kind of hard to talk to him in that situation. I can’t exactly stand on his front porch and yell, ‘Hey your dead wife wants to talk to you through me. Can I come in?’” I chuckled.
“I do see your point. Maybe you could break into his house?” Mindy’s big brown eyes widened with that suggestion. 
“Um. Somehow I don’t think that would be such a good idea. I’m pretty sure that action would be frowned upon by the local police department.” 
Mindy pondered the thought for a second. “I guess you’re right. 
“I plan on trying again, though. She won’t leave me alone about it, and you know she’s been scaring the customers. You saw with your own eyes what she’s capable of. I have to try again. I have no choice.” 
“Have they been over to upset precious Brianna any more?” 
I nodded. “I’m pretty sure they’ve been over there harassing her, because I’ve spotted them in her store floating around. Or rather, Mrs. Williams was the one I caught a glimpse of, specifically. As you know, Brianna somehow thinks I am responsible for all the mysterious things happening.”
“Well, you are to some extent,” she guffawed.
I laughed. “Yes, but she doesn’t know that.” 
“Let them keep it up. She deserves everything they do.” 
“Yes, she does deserve it, but she’s really pissed at me because of the antics. I don’t need that, do I?” 
“She’s off her rocker. You should file a restraining order and have her arrested.” 
“I think that would cause her to be even madder than she already is. If that’s possible.” 
“How are you feeling, by the way?”
“I’m okay. Whatever was wrong is completely gone now.”
“I still can’t understand how that happened. I mean, you say the package had your mother’s name on it and then suddenly it didn’t. How is that possible? Words can’t just disappear like that.” 
“I don’t know, I just think maybe I was sick already when I ate it. I guess I imagined what I saw.” 
Mindy gave me a suspicious glare. “Sounds like there’s some mumbo jumbo going on if you ask me.” 
I flicked her a look of exasperation. “I don’t know about mumbo jumbo, but I can say I’ll never eat anything that’s sent to me again.” I laughed.
“Good idea.” 
“I don’t know how much more I can take of Brianna, though,” I said as she strolled back across the street with Callahan on her arm. 
“Maybe she thinks you’ll get sick of it and leave town?”
“She’s got another thing coming, if she thinks that. I refuse to leave town, I was here first. This is my town, and I’m not going to move away because of her. She’s just going to have to get over it and leave me alone.”
I stared ahead, absorbed in my thoughts.
“I’m out of here.” Mindy snapped me out of my musings.
“I’ll call you later,” I said.
Chapter 21

So, the time had come. I had to convince the gang to move on. They just couldn’t stay with me forever. Abe had been around for quite a long time, and it was about time for him to move on. 
“Don’t you want to see Mary?” I asked him.
He shrugged his shoulders. That wasn’t the response I was looking for. 
“What about your children? I know you want to see them.”
He nodded. “Although I hope they’re still not as rambunctious.” He laughed.
“Yes, that would be nice.” I laughed. “Okay, so you want to see your children. What about your mother? You want to see her, right? You said she died when you were eight years old?” I had turned into an Abraham Lincoln buff after his long stay with me.
“My mother said she would never see me again. Those were her words to me on her deathbed. I often wondered if that were true. I spent my whole life thinking about her words and if I would ever see her again.” He stared out the window, lost in thought.
“Now you know the answer to that, don’t you?” I said.
“Do I?” 
“Of course. If you allow yourself to finally cross over, she’ll be waiting for you. You wouldn’t be talking to me if there weren’t an afterlife.” I patted him on the back for reassurance. Although I was never sure if the ghosts could feel my touch, it was the gesture that counted.
“I suppose I really can’t say why I’m still around. I really don’t know.” 
I was running out of options. I thought I might have to get him in my car and drive him back to where I found him. But I hated to do that.
I plopped down in the big leather chair and called everyone over to me. 
“Guys, it’s time for you to cross over.” I clapped my hands together for emphasis. Vivian looked at me funny, and suddenly I realized it was because I had called her a guy. It must have been hard for her to understand all the latest slang. At that moment, they all glided over and huddled around. A gathering of ghosts.
“You can’t stay with me,” I said giving them a stern look. 
It was hard to be harsh with them, but it had to be done. I felt so sorry for them. Abe’s wide smile had suddenly faded to a more introspective one. 
“Besides the fact I need privacy, before long I’ll be going on another investigation, and you all know what happens then. There’s not enough room here for any more spirits.” Most of the time I managed to bring another spirit back with me from an investigation, and other times the spirits just found me. Space was running out for any more spirits.
“My energy is drained, y’all. I don’t know how many more of you I can have hanging around me.” They were sucking the energy out of me. “I’m just tired. Don’t you all want to be with your families for eternity? I know you’d prefer them over me.”
Mrs. Williams let out a snort. “Don’t even talk to me about not being here with you. You know I don’t want to be with you. Listening to your whining about that silly man next door is driving me crazy.” She gestured toward Callahan’s shop. “But I swear to you I will haunt you for the rest of your life if you don’t speak to my husband. You can count on that.” She spewed venom with each word.
I released a pent-up breath and rubbed my temples. She was giving me a headache.
Mr. Lincoln said, “You’ve come to be like a daughter to me, and I’ll fret about you if I leave.” He had a sheen of tears in his eyes.
“Mr. President, I promise you I’ll be fine without you.” A tear formed in the corner of my eye. I couldn’t believe the President actually cared for me like that. That was crazy as far as I was concerned, I mean, for him to worry over little old me. “I was fine before we met and I’ll be fine afterward. Really.” 
The fact he felt I was like a daughter to him made me exasperated. I had never had a spirit be so persistent and not want to leave like this gang. Maybe I was losing my touch.
Vivian was standing next to Abe. The two of them had grown close, since they’d come from the same century. She looked so sweet and innocent, just like a child, a scared child. Although she wasn’t a child at all; she was roughly my age. 
Most of the time when I wanted a spirit to attach itself to me, it never worked. Now that I didn’t want them they wouldn’t leave me alone. I had tried to get Elvis to attach himself to me, but no such luck. I’d even made a special trip to Graceland looking for him. I supposed he’d crossed over. Unless… maybe he really wasn’t dead after all.
The bell tinkled and I popped up to help my customer. The one time I got my mind off everything was when I was helping someone look for a book. After the woman left with her book, I headed back to resume my conversation with the gang.
I clapped my hands together again to get everyone’s attention. 
“Now, we’re going to do a little exercise. Is everyone ready?” 
“I don’t exercise.” Mrs. Williams quipped. 
I continued. “Everyone picture the light, and then envision your loved ones. Clear your minds of all other thoughts and try to envision the bright ray, and then when you do, walk toward that light.” I pushed my hands forward like I was pushing them toward the light. 
I felt like I was leading a class. How to Cross Over 101: Walking into the Light.
After a few minutes passed, I asked, “How are you doing? Can you see the light?” 
Everyone shook their heads no. What was going on? I really was losing my touch! Lately I had been feeling drained and I was sure it was because all of the spirits were clinging on to me so strongly. 
“Let’s try this again shall we? One more time. Envision the light. Concentrate,” I coaxed.
There was silence for a moment. You could have heard a pin drop. I closed my eyes in order to help them move on. Maybe my power would seep over to them. After a minute, I opened one eye to see if they were still there. Yep, still there. I closed my eyes once more. After a couple of more minutes, I opened my eyes again. Still there. Damn. 
“Well, this is not working guys. Really, I’m flattered that you would want to stick around. But…” 
Mrs. Williams coughed. 
“I know you don’t want to stay around, I get it. I’m working on it the best I can.” I waved my hand dismissively at her. 
“Mr. Haynes, don’t you want to cross over? It’s much better than being stuck here with me, I promise you.”
“Actually, I’m having fun with you here. You’re at lot of fun to be around. Besides, I want to find out what’s wrong with Mr. Callahan. I don’t think the way he’s acting is normal.” He shook his head. “I loved my wife dearly, but I never walked around like that. He doesn’t act natural.”
Everyone nodded in agreement. 
“Look, we will never know what is wrong with him, because there is nothing wrong with him. He is in love. Simple as that. So just forget about him.” 
“Maybe you could go on a double date with them. Mr. Haynes here would take you out,” Mrs. Williams snorted. She began laughing hysterically at her snide remark. 
She could be so vicious.
“I won’t dignify that with a response.” 
Mr. Haynes shrugged his shoulders. 
“What about you Vivian, why are you still here?” 
“I would like to see what happens as well,” she said with her delicate voice.
Ugh. They were all impossible to deal with. I fell backward onto the chair.
“Maybe I will go pay Brianna a visit again. She’s such a lovely girl,” Mrs. Williams said with a smirk. 
I’d tried my best to block Mrs. Williams’s terse remarks out, but it just wasn’t working. She made it very difficult to block out her nastiness.
So it looked as if I was stuck with these outlandish characters for heaven knew how much longer. I needed to train them to do my work for me while they were around. Maybe then they would get sick of working and move on. 
I’m pretty sure there was no work in heaven, although I couldn’t say for sure, but then, neither could they. They couldn’t argue that fact with me, as much as they might try to. I sat there for a bit longer, staring at all of them.
After a while I had no choice. I gave in to the fact that they weren’t leaving and said, “Who’s going to the grocery with me?” 
I got startled looks from Abe and Vivian. 
“What?”
“You want us to go drinking with you?” 
“What? Yes, I can get something to drink there.” 
“I do not think a grocery is any place for a lady.” 
Well I’d heard some strange things before, but that was at the top of my list. That statement was a little odd to say the least. Wasn’t a woman’s place in the kitchen back then?
“What are you all talking about?” 
“The grocery is where they served beer back then,” Mrs. Williams snapped. She rolled her eyes at me like I was a complete idiot.
“Oh, oh. Well, I’m sorry. A grocery means where you go to buy food nowadays.”
They looked at me with a look of confusion. 
“Just stay put, I’ll be back soon.” I didn’t need them following me around in the store anyway. I certainly didn’t have time to explain the difference, either. 
Still I received blank stares. 
“I hardly think we’ll miss you,” Mrs. Williams said, in her usual snippy tone.
“Fine, I’m going then. I‘ll see you guys later. Um. And ladies,” I added. 
I grabbed my belongings and headed for the door.
Obviously they sensed I was stressed because one by one they all vanished. But I knew they had not vanished in a good way. No, they’d be back soon, and probably at the most inopportune time. Like this morning, when Mrs. Williams had popped up complaining to me about her husband when I was in the shower. She really enjoyed belting out a song or two to annoy me as well. 
And then there was Vivian’s newly found interest in the soap operas. I wasn’t a fan of them, but at least it kept her quiet. And, of course, I couldn’t forget dear Mr. Haynes, bouncing around all over the place. He usually followed me everywhere I went. And last, but not least, Mr. Lincoln was always around, too. 
The sky was a dull shade of gray as I made my way home. It looked as if rain would sputter from the clouds at any moment. Magnolia was in store for a gloomy evening and, to top it off, I was going home to clean; I never had gotten around to it the other night. 
How exciting was my life, dateless but not ghost-less. I couldn’t wait to get out of town and carry out another investigation. Although I knew it would mean more ghosts, it would be worth it. A ghost hunt was just the right medicine for me. I needed to cure my woes by getting myself away from the love-struck goons. 
I pulled up to my house and sighed as I trudged through the door, struggling with my bags of groceries. Straight to the kitchen to put away the food, and then on to my grubby cleaning duties. While everyone else was out having fun, I was stuck at home with a bunch of ghosts, cleaning my toilet. 
After an unglamorous evening of scrubbing, I wandered around my house, reflecting on the past three years since I’d become really serious about helping others deal with the unknown world that surrounded us. 
We walk through life oblivious to the things just outside of our vision. Sometimes, with a big surprise, they pop through and allow us a glimpse. Not surprisingly, most people freak out when they catch that preview. I figured if I could help with that in some way, no matter how small, then I needed to do my part. So I embarked on my crazy journey as a ghost hunter.
I paddled across the cold hardwood planks to retrieve my bunny slippers. I had to admit, even though it was somewhat lonely, it felt good to be home and cozy. Home was where I really loved to be, outside of the store. 
My home was a simple farmhouse with all the ambiance of days gone by, yet modern conveniences. I’d gone for a short drive one day, and stumbled across the place with a For Sale by Owner sign proudly stuck in the yard. 
The warm feeling that had flooded my heart when I’d seen the house let me know I had to have it right away. It was a real gem, as far as I was concerned. Three bedrooms with two baths were ideal, and then the exposed beams in some of the rooms were the icing on the cake. The couple selling it had updated the kitchen and bathrooms to persuade somebody to buy the house, and that was all I needed to seal the deal. 
Of course, the old man who had owned the place when it was originally built in 1895 was still around when I’d bought it, but once I’d gotten rid of him, it was perfect. After my trip down memory lane, I finally collapsed into bed. 
Mrs. Williams had decided to sing the entire compilation from Grease to me. Let’s just say she doesn’t sound like Olivia Newton-John, either. Mrs. Williams sucks.
Chapter 22

The next morning, before I opened the shop, I decided to take a walk to help clear my head. With the ghosts draining my energy, my mind was foggy. I’d never been good at keeping spirits from tapping my energy. I emitted it like a beacon for them and they zoomed in on it like a distressed ship in the night. I had more energy for them to draw on than the average person, so they didn’t hesitate to take it. They never asked first.
It was a crisp fall morning, and the sky was an endless blue. Finally the gloomy skies had cleared. I strolled down the streets of town, window shopping in the stores surrounding mine. I pulled my jacket a little tighter around my neck to knock off the chill as I looked in the window of the jewelry store. A sparkling diamond bracelet had caught my eye. A few silent minutes passed while I gazed through the window before I crossed back over the road, making a special effort to avoid Brianna’s shop. 
As I made my way around the corner I saw her spiky-haired blond head coming swiftly toward me. Her steps quickened the closer she got, and her spiked heels ricocheted through the street. Was she coming to attack me? I’d have to fight her right there in the middle of the sidewalk with everyone gawking. That news would spread to my grandparents at Summer Glen in record time. 
As I watched her draw near, I wished I’d bought pepper spray or some other form of weapon. All I had was my purse. It was either slug her with my purse or use my fists. The purse would probably hurt worse than my fists. I took in a big gulping breath. 
Taking on ghosts was so much easier than dealing with a crazy man-hungry woman. Glancing around, I tried to find a place to hide, or at the very least, to turn to. If I could avoid her, I would. I didn’t want to have words with her at all. Damn, nowhere to go. 
Brianna was staring right at me. I sensed a weird and worrisome vibe emitting from her gaze. There was no denying it—she knew that I saw her. She was striding straight toward me. 
With a smirk on her face as she finally approached, she said, “Hello, Larue. How are you feeling?” 
She stopped right in front of me, blocking me from moving forward. 
“What do you want, Brianna?” I had to stand my ground. And why did she care how I felt?
“Don’t be so defensive, Larue. I don’t want anything from you.” She gave her best attempt at an innocent smile. A secretive smirk spread across her face. “I just wanted to drop by and let you know we’re engaged.” 
“We’re?” I squawked. My jaw must have fallen all the way to the sidewalk.
“Yes, Callahan and I. Isn’t it just wonderful news? He popped the question last night. I was so surprised. I mean, I know we’ve only known each other for a short time. But when something feels right…” She trailed off.
I stared at her with a stunned gawk. A wave of nausea-inducing bumps rolled over my hands and up my arms. 
“So, no hard feelings I hope?” 
Was she kidding? No hard feelings? Did she think I was that stupid? A flood of emotions hit me like a semi-truck. All the ill feelings I had for her consumed me. She had somehow had someone try to run over me, sabotaged my sign to hit me and sent me poisonous candy. Although she didn’t know for sure I suspected her, she had to have had some idea that I did. I was stunned at her nerve to even approach me with that news. She just wanted to rub it in, like pouring salt into my open wounds.
Brianna held out her left hand and dangled her ring finger inches from my face. The big diamond was sparkling in my eyes, taunting me with its glint. Seeing that ring and the smirk on her face truly knocked the wind out of me. I was speechless. 
My heart pounded like a jackhammer as I stared at her. I wanted to run past her without saying a word but my pride wouldn’t let me. The wretched woman, who had probably tried to harm me—I was almost sure of that fact—was standing inches away from me flaunting her new diamond. Was it not enough to know she got everything she ever wanted? 
She felt she must taunt me with her huge engagement ring, and the fact that Callahan had protested his undying love for her in the ultimate way, by asking her to be his wife. In my opinion, that was just bad karma.
I was so consumed with anger that I was overwhelmed with the feeling I had to get away from her. I couldn’t see her face. I didn’t know what I might do if I had to look at her for a second longer. As far as I was concerned if I never saw her face again, I’d be happy. 
The cunning look in her eyes, her face, was vile to my mind. As she stood there with her face in front of mine, I honestly expected to hear the theme from the Twilight Zone at any moment. I felt like I was in some bizzaro world. The next thing I knew, she’d be inviting me to her wedding. Either that or I was on some hidden reality show. Yes! Maybe that was it, I was on television. I glanced over my shoulder to try and spot the camera crew. No cameramen. No, it was definitely some weird other dimension I had to be stuck in, with no way out. 
Not wanting to hear any more of her wedding details, like what they would serve at the reception or where they were going on their honeymoon, I breezed past her, marching toward Book Nook as fast as my legs would carry me. 
“No hard feelings, okay, Larue. You can come to the wedding if you’d like. But no funny business when you’re there, okay?” Brianna yelled as I hurried away. 
Ugh, she really had some nerve. 
“Bitch,” I mumbled. 
I didn’t turn around and respond to her statement. Instead, I hastily unlocked and yanked the door to Book Nook open. I slumped my back heftily against the closed door after I entered. I so needed a margarita night after that. Or possibly something stronger. Too bad it was only eight-thirty in the morning. Feverishly, I pulled my phone from my purse and dialed Mindy’s number. 
“You’re not going to believe what I’m about to tell you.” I shouted.
“What this time? I’m not sure there is anything you could say to shock me, at this point. After the poisonous chocolates, I think that was my limit. I’d seen it all, then.” 
“Brianna and Callahan are engaged,” I blurted out. 
Nothing. No comment came from the other end of the line. Then finally, Mindy just laughed. 
“That’s funny, Larue. You had me there for a minute. You’re such a prankster. That’s a good joke.” She giggled some more.
“Mindy, I’m not joking. I’m very serious, as serious as a heart attack. This is not some prank. I wish it were. She showed me her huge ring.” 
“Wait a minute. What were you doing talking to her in the first place? I thought you were going to stay away from her? It’s not safe to even talk to her.” She huffed.
“I tried to avoid her, but I just went for a short walk and she popped up out of nowhere. I wanted to get some exercise before work to clear my head and I ran into her. Or she ran into me, rather. I thought she was going to try to fight me or something.” 
“Why are you out walking for exercise, and not coming to my class instead? It’s much more fun than walking. Walking is boring, if you ask me. Pole fitness works so many muscles. You know how sore you were from class.” 
“Focus, Mindy, focus. We are not talking about exercise. We are talking about the most despicable woman we will ever come into contact with in our lifetimes. Ever.”
“Right, right. But do remember my class is much better than walking. And a lot more fun.” 
Obviously, she was upset about me not taking her stupid class. I was never going to talk to her about exercise ever again. 
“Okay, finish telling me what happened.” Mindy finally stopped her ranting. 
“So, as I was walking along I spotted her coming my way. I tried to find a place to hide , but no such luck! I was trapped. Seriously, I think she was looking for me.” 
“She probably was. I warned you about her.” Mindy grunted.
“She most likely saw me when I pulled up at work. I think she’s stalking me now. Did I mention I thought I was going to have to fight her or something? I’d have to have punched her, because she doesn’t have any hair to pull.” 
“Well, thankfully you didn’t have to fight her. That would have been ugly. She would have clobbered you. Stomped you into the ground. Opened up a can of whoop-ass on you.” 
“All right! I get it. Thanks for the vote of confidence.” 
“Well, she is much taller than you.” 
“I’m strong, though,” I countered.
“Uh huh,” she mumbled, not sounding convinced.
“Well, whatever. She flashed her ring in my face and nonchalantly announced that she was engaged. She said he popped the question last night.” 
“She’s engaged to Callahan?” Mindy asked for confirmation.
“Of course, why else would I be talking about it? Why would we be talking about this if she wasn’t engaged to Callahan? I told you when you answered. You’re not listening to me,” I said exasperated. 
“I’m listening to you. I was just making sure I heard you correctly. What did the ring look like anyway? Was it big?” 
“No, it wasn’t big. It was huge. It was ginormous. The biggest ring I’ve ever seen up close. It almost blinded me. Oh, and it was a princess cut.” 
“I don’t like that cut. Was it real?” 
“I’m pretty sure it was. I mean I didn’t take out my jeweler’s loupe or anything.” 
“Smart ass.” She laughed. 
“So anyway, I will definitely need margaritas tonight. Tell me you don’t have another date?”
“I don’t have a date, but I do have a class. Do you want to come?” 
“No way.” I shook my head vigorously, even though she couldn’t see me. 
“Please. I need bodies to fill the classes,” she pleaded. 
So that was what she was up to. She was using my body.
“I’ll happily drink margaritas afterward, and I’ll make my delicious burritos that you love so much to go with them.” 
I sighed. I did love her burritos. “All right. I’ll do it. And by the way, I doubt my one body is going to make a difference in class. If anything, it will hurt your cause. And this is not going to be a habit.” 
“No, of course not.” 
“I’m not doing this all the time.” 
“No. I’ll see you tonight.” 
“See ya.” I clicked off my phone and tossed it in my purse with a deep groan. Time for me to get to work and hide all the wedding books in the store. 
The gang was huddled around the center aisle, gazing at me with pitying looks. How sad was I? Ghosts felt sorry for me.
“I can see you’re upset about the wedding.” Mr. Haynes said.
“Yes, of course I’m upset. I don’t think it’s right. He doesn’t even know her. Now, all of a sudden, they’re getting married? Living happily ever after.” 
“I know it’s hard for you to accept. We’re here for you, though. If you need a shoulder to cry on.” Mr. Haynes looked around at the others to confirm the sentiment. Everyone nodded, except for Mrs. Williams of course. 
“Thanks guys, that means a lot to me. And ladies.” I nodded at Vivian. “Mr. Haynes, I’ve been meaning to ask you something for some time now.”
“Yes,” he said, moving closer to me.
“Why are you still here? You don’t want to stick around with me. I’m boring and have a whole lot of drama in my life.” 
Mrs. Williams snorted. “You can say that again.”
I shot her a nasty glare. 
“I’m just alternating my time between you and the Mrs. When the time is right, I’ll be gone. I was friends with your grandparents, you know. I knew they always worried about you.” 
I sighed. I had to admit I would be a little sad when, and if, he left. I was getting attached to the little guy.
Chapter 23

Pole fitness, as it is referred to by the experts—Mindy corrects me when I call it pole dancing—should have come with a disclaimer. Will cause humiliation and endless amounts of bruising. I had a eureka moment during the class, and that eureka moment was that I was sure the sight of my posterior, as it spun around, was not terribly appealing for all to see. 
During class I discovered the hard way, that if you are fully covered when you pole dance, it makes it very difficult to hold on to the pole. I had the bruises to attest to that. So wearing all my clothing like I wanted to did not work. 
Then I realized, if I tried it while just wearing my workout gear, my skin was guaranteed to pinch as I gyrated around like a complete idiot. The hideous screeching sound of flesh on the poles that rang out throughout the room during the class was extremely painful to hear. Alas, bruising was not the only physical pain that came from that damn pole either. The aforementioned pinching was also involved to a great extent. 
I came out of there looking like I’d been in a bar fight, except I figured it would be pretty hard to get thigh, armpit, ankle, and palm bruises from a bar fight. Or maybe you can. I’d never been in a bar fight, so I couldn’t say for sure. I had aches from muscles I never knew even existed until Mindy had been kind enough to point them out with her damn class. 
Usually when someone thought of pole dancing, I was sure a rather sensual image came to their mind, but I was sure anyone watching our class wouldn’t use the word sensual to describe what they were witnessing. All I needed was big hair, big lips and big… well, you know, and maybe I would have been just like Pam Anderson. 
Except I wasn’t like that. I wanted to be sexy, but not in that way. I wanted to be confident sexy, and not flaunting-every-asset sexy. As I attempted to spin around, my bruised and aching body would make a loud galumphing sound as it landed against the pole. Finally, I’d given up and fallen to my feet, completely dizzy, trying to regain my balance with Mindy barking orders at me constantly. Thank God it was over and I had survived. Barely.
After that embarrassing class, I was headed back to my house for a much-deserved rest. My mouth was watering, and I could already taste the lime and salt from the forthcoming margarita fest. I needed a night of drinks and girl talk after all I’d been through. 
The worst part out of everything that had happened lately was not the crazy woman trying to harm me, the jerk who’d led me to believe he really liked me, or the ghosts hanging around. No, the worst part was the exercising with friends of my grandmother’s on a stripper pole. 
Damn Mindy for getting me into that mess. It wasn’t like I needed to do it. I was perfectly happy with my walking fitness routine. Whatever happened to plain old aerobics, or maybe a session of tennis? It wasn’t as if I was sneaking out after dark to some smoky bar to grind on a metal pole with men leering at me. No, I was doing it in the light of day for my health. 
I’d never been graceful. As it was, I’d been told to stop dancing class when I was eight. My mother was informed she should help me find some other hobby. I needed to focus on other activities, they told her. Which meant simply that I couldn’t dance. I’d eventually gotten better as an adult, but I’d never be a ballerina. So I had no business attempting pole fitness, and Mindy knew that.
As soon as I’d trekked my sore butt into the house I made a beeline for the kitchen. I scoured through the cabinets to dig out my favorite pitcher for the margaritas. It was a pretty multi-colored ceramic one my grandmother had given me several years ago. Finally, I located it on the top shelf so I had to grab a chair and hoist my sore butt up to retrieve it. Next, I grabbed the brown bag that had the tequila I had just purchased tucked inside. Since I didn’t drink often, when it came time for margarita night I always had to buy liquor. Mindy was always laughing at me because of it. As I waited for Mindy to show up, I added the salt to the rims around the glasses. 
A sharp knock jarred me, making the glass almost tumble from my hand. I grunted as I trudged my sore muscles to the door. Several grunts later, I grabbed the door and Mindy cheerfully popped in. Sometimes I hated her perky self.
“The margaritas are waiting. I figure we can have one while you prepare the burritos,” I said as Mindy walked in with her hands full of bags of ingredients for our dinner. I pulled a couple of bags from her hands and followed her into the kitchen.
My mouth was watering just thinking about Mindy’s yummy burritos. Extra sour cream and loads of cheese and an extra ingredient she would never disclose to me. I justified the extra calories as needed to help ease my sore muscles. That was a legitimate reason, right? 
My home was buzzing with activity, as if a party were taking place, a paranormal party. Abe and the gang were sitting in the living room talking amongst themselves. 
Mindy was hard at work in the kitchen stuffing the tortillas with chicken and rice. She topped the burritos off with a nice dollop of sour cream. I grabbed the plates and handed them to her. 
“So are they here?” Mindy whispered as she placed the burritos on the plates.
“Yes, they’re in the living room.”
“Do you think they want a burrito?” She laughed.
I rolled my eyes. “I don’t think so.”
“When are you getting rid of them?”
I slumped my shoulders. “I have no idea.” 
“Abraham Lincoln has been around for a while, huh?” Mindy pulled a couple of forks from the drawer.
I heaved a sigh. “Yes, he has. And he is very opinionated.” 
“Well, he was president.” 
I laughed. “Good point.” 
I poured another round of margaritas and we made our way to the dining room table. I loved my dining room. My grandmother was great at decorating. I’d found a fantastic distressed table at a flea market, and my grandmother had then incorporated reds and yellows into the area. She’d said those colors would stimulate the appetite. Not that I needed mine stimulated, it was already that way.
Mindy and I spent the evening devouring burritos and downing margaritas. The only bad part was that we didn’t stop at one pitcher. No, we had to have two. Needless to say, Mindy ended up spending the night because she was way too tipsy to drive.
We laughed over ideas we came up with to get back at Brianna. And the fact she thought she was so trendy, but in reality, she really looked stupid. With her orangey fake tan, and clothing that clearly cost a small fortune, yet looked just plain silly. We weren’t jealous, though. No way. Well, maybe a little jealous of her shoe collection.
The next morning I felt like hell. Someone had snuck into my bedroom with a hammer and was pounding on my head with it. I prayed for a hangover tonic. Some elixir to make it all go away. I cursed that second pitcher. It had seemed like such a good idea at the time. Mrs. Williams was lucky she didn’t try to perform for me, I didn’t know what I would have done if she had. 
Cursing under my breath, I rolled out of bed, when all I wanted to do was snuggle back under the sheets. Maybe I should have just crawled to the shower, it would have been easier. I could hear Mindy stirring upstairs. I wasn’t sure how she was going to give a morning class. Between my sore muscles and hangover, there was no amount of money that would have gotten me there. If she asked me to do another class today, I knew I might kill her. I’d have to use that damn pole on her. 
I trudged into the kitchen with a few disapproving looks from the ghost gang. I ignored them; I didn’t need a lecture of the evils of alcohol from them. I grabbed a bowl and was pouring my cereal when Mindy walked in. 
“How are you feeling this glorious morning?” 
“Oh My God. One too many margaritas that’s for sure.”
“Do you want breakfast? I have cereal.” 
“No way, I don’t think I can handle it. I’m taking off. I’ll stop by Book Nook in a few. There are a couple of things I need to do real quickly. I’ll see you soon.” She grabbed her things and headed for the door.
I wasn’t sure if it was just me or she was being a bit mysterious. I wondered what that was all about. 
“Bye.” Mindy disappeared out the front door.
“That was some giggling session you ladies had last night,” Mr. Haynes announced. 
“Yeah, I guess so.” I laughed. It had felt good to laugh last night. It had relieved a lot of tension. Although I was paying for it this morning.
As usual, Mrs. Williams rolled her eyes. I took that as a sign she didn’t approve. I didn’t think she would. 
“You need to have fun. It’ll do you good,” I said to her. 
She just glared at me and then said, “I’m dead. How much fun can I have? And you look like hell, by the way.”
Ugh. I turned my back to her.
“How are you feeling?” Vivian asked with a worried look. 
“I’m fine. Thank you for asking.” I guess she was worried about my drinking. She probably thought I was an alcoholic. 
“I’m very sorry to hear the news about the wedding. There will be other men—I know there will be.” 
“I’m fine, really. Like I said before, we just had a few dates, no biggie.” I slurped the milk off of my spoon.
“You shouldn’t mope around. Get out and enjoy life,” Mr. Haynes said.
“I know that. I’m not moping around for him. Forget him.” 
I said the words, but honestly, I knew I was having a hard time forgetting his kisses, not to mention the way he smelled. And his arms. No, I needed to erase him from my mind completely. Pretend he never existed. But then, I was always brought back by the thought of Brianna wrapped in his arms. And the new ring on her finger. 
The reality was, he was not worth my thoughts. I just needed to remember that. There were other guys out there and someday I would meet one. So what if I might be eighty years old before that happened? 
“We’re here to help you. If you need anything,” Abe continued as I walked to the front door to leave. 
That’s just it. I didn’t want them there to help me. I just wanted to be alone. For once in my life, I wanted to be alone. I’d always had someone around. As a kid, it was nice to have playmates. Everyone thought they were my imaginary friends. But as an adult, I just wanted to be alone. Alone with my thoughts. No commentary constantly playing in my mind. Yet, somehow I felt guilty for having those feelings. I let others’ feelings overpower my own.
Chapter 24

Mindy fell through the door of Book Nook. She shook her umbrella, splattering water everywhere. Then shook her body like a wet dog.
“Hey, be careful. You’re getting water everywhere.” 
“How are you doing? Are you still moping around?”
“I was never moping. Why does every one keep asking me that? I was sore from your stupid class. As far as those two are concerned…” I pointed across the street. “I’ve moved on with my life and I’m doing an excellent job of ignoring both of them. I mean, I did just have a few dates with him. It’s not like we were engaged or anything.”
Thankfully, Mindy didn’t remind me of the fact Callahan was now engaged to that she-devil.
“It’s just rotten of them and it makes me furious. I want to beat them up,” Mindy chimed as she sidled up to the counter.
“Obviously they are in love. Let them have each other. I don’t want to talk about it anymore,” I said with a wave of my hand.
Abe was standing next to me and slumped his head down; I couldn’t understand why he was so sad. What did he care if I had a date or not?
“So tell me. How is pole fitness really doing?” I asked, trying to take my mind off my worries and change the subject. 
“Honestly, it’s not so great right now. But I’m convinced business will pick up soon,” she said, trying to sound positive.
“Have you ever thought of offering different classes? Maybe different options for everyone? Maybe add aerobics and pilates or something?”
“I guess,” she said lackadaisically. “Is this safe to eat?”
“Yes.” I gave her a thumbs up. She grabbed a piece of the candy from the jar I always kept on the counter and popped it in her mouth.
“I’m not sure how to ask this,” she said.
“No!”
“You don’t know what I was going to ask, how can you say no?”
“Whatever it is, it can’t be good,” I laughed.
She frowned. “Just hear me out.” 
“All right, what is it?”
“I have a date for you.” She unwrapped the candy.
“No way.” I waved my hands in a no gesture.
“Why?”
“Who could you possibly have to fix me up with?” 
“Robert has a friend, and we were thinking you may hit it off with him. He’s really nice.”
“So he’s not that good looking?”
“Looks aren’t everything. You have to look beyond the surface.”
“No, looks aren’t everything. You got me there. But psychical attraction does count for something.” 
I had her on that one.
“Okay, you’re right, it does. But how do you know you won’t like his looks if you’ve never seen him?”
“What does he look like?”
“He’s a dentist in Frankfort.”
“He’s not even from around here?” I screeched. “That would never work.”
“Maybe you’ll fall in love, and he can move his practice here.” 
“We already have a dentist in Magnolia, no need for two.” I shook my head. “Besides, I didn’t ask what he did, I asked what he looked like.”
“You are all about looks. That’s why you fell so hard for Callahan.” 
“I am not. And I didn‘t ‘fall hard’ for him.”
Just then, I caught movement outside and turned my head to look out the windows lining the front of Book Nook. Brianna was slinking into her store, carrying that same strange looking bag we’d seen before, purple with gold stitching and tassels. It looked like nothing I had ever seen before, and for some reason, this time, it cast a bad vibe with me. I felt the negative energy zinging off it.
“What is she up to now?” Mindy asked as she followed my gaze to see Brianna.
“Who knows? She always has some weird-looking junk that she’s carrying into that store. She acts suspicious if you ask me.” I popped a piece of candy into my mouth. I was trying to ignore the negative vibe I was getting. However, I couldn’t seem to shake it.
“Really, why didn’t you tell me? I know we saw her once with that bag, but there have been others?” 
I didn’t answer. Instead, I gave her a blank stare. 
“Hold on, I’ll be right back,” she said, as she walked toward the front door.
I prayed Mindy wasn’t going over to confront Brianna. That’s all I needed today was to break up a cat fight.
After a minute, Mindy reappeared through the front door holding her binoculars. 
“Oh no, not again.” 
I placed my hands on my temples. I felt a headache coming on already.
“Maybe you should have become a private investigator instead of a pole dancer.” 
“I am not a pole dancer!”
I snickered. She always hated it when I said that.
“Mindy Childs, P.I.. not a bad ring to it,” she said, smiling as she pondered the thought. 
Mindy was probably envisioning herself catching some cheating husbands. Staking them out at some seedy hotel, and then gleefully handing over the photo evidence to a distraught wife the next day. I watched as Mindy slid over to the window, hiding herself behind a tall stack of books on a high display shelf. Her sleuth mode was already setting in. She motioned for me to join her.
I trudged over, reluctant again to be a part of her spy games. They hadn’t yielded anything before, and I felt it was pointless. Though, I had to admit, I was a tad bit curious.
Mindy steadily held up the binoculars and positioned them for the optimal viewing of her suspect. We stood in silence; the only thing I could hear was her breathing. Whatever she was watching must have been good because her heart rate was obviously mounting. 
A few more seconds of silence and then Mindy yelled, “Oh My God. She’s a witch.”
“It’s all right. We all know she’s a witch with a capital B. That’s nothing new,” I said impassively.
“No, I mean literally, she’s a witch.” She turned her gaze away from Brianna just for a second to give me a hard glare.
“What? What are you talking about?”
“Get over here and take a look.”
I removed the binoculars from her tight grip and then held them up to my eyes, trying to keep them steady. 
“These things are so heavy,” I said, with shaky hands.
“If you came to my class more often, your hands would be strong enough to hold them.”
“Humph,” I said.
As I focused in on Brianna standing in her store, I saw a bright flash that looked just like lightening as it filled the air and, in an instant, a puff of smoke swirled around Brianna.
I couldn’t believe my eyes. What was I seeing, an optical illusion?
“Did you see that smoke and lightning?” I said, with bated breath.
“Yes, why do you think I said she was a witch?”
I gasped as I watched another flash of lightning fill the air, followed by another cloud of smoke, this one a different color to the first. The first had been white, and the second one was blue. And not a pale blue, but a rich sapphire color that floated through the air.
My mouth gaped open at what I saw.
Slowly, I pried the binoculars away from my face and turned to look at Mindy. She had the same expression splashed across her face. Suffice it to say, we were both stunned.
I pulled the binoculars back up to my face.
“We need two pair of those,” Mindy glowered.
Brianna had black candles lined up in a circle all around her, flickering and casting dancing shadows across her face. The dancing shadows seemed to be laughing at me all the way from over there. 
“Isn’t she afraid someone will walk in there and catch her doing that?”
“Look. The sign is turned to closed. No one can walk in, and she doesn’t think anyone can see her, either,” Mindy said pointing at her door.
“What do you think she’s doing?”
“I think she is up to something not good at all.” I frowned. I didn’t like what I was seeing. “And deep down, I feel Callahan has become a victim in her bizarre world.”
“Unfortunately, I think you’re right. I knew Brianna was spiteful all along. I got that vibe from her instantly, you know?”
I shook my head, ‘yes.’ “I know.” 
I handed the binoculars back to Mindy so she could watch, I had seen enough. I felt my stomach turn. 
Mindy stared across the street at Brianna as I became lost in thought. 
“I have an idea.” 
Mindy looked at me. 
“I’ll send Abe over and the others to do some up-close spying. Maybe they can discover what she’s up to?”
“Actually, that’s not a bad idea.” Mindy had a wicked little smirk. “I like the way you think.”
I giggled, proud of myself.
Intently, I watched as Abe and the others glided across the street. I was anxious to see what would happen. Mindy and I were huddled together, hovering in the corner of the store hidden amongst the many books. We had been taking turns passing the binoculars to each other, while the scene unfolded across the street in Brianna’s boutique.
Brianna had a strange-looking bowl that she had been adding unknown ingredients to for some time. All the while, she appeared to be repeating words out loud. The strange-looking bowl was dark in color, wooden with muted blue, green, red and yellow symbols on the sides. Symbols I’d never seen before, but then again, it was difficult to see that far away, even with the aid of the binoculars. If only I could have heard what she was saying, it looked as if she was in an almost hypnotic state. Actually, not at all unlike the way Callahan had looked lately. Sullen eyes with a far off look to them.
Hastily, Brianna finally blew out her candles, and we watched as she packed away her things, carefully placing the bowl and candles into the odd-looking purple bag. She kept glancing around as if she’d seen or heard something, and I wondered if it had been my dead friends doling out their little high jinks on her. 
Finally, I saw Abe come into view and knew they had to be playing tricks on her. Once delicate southern belle, Vivian, lifted up clothing from a rack and threw it with all her might across the room. She had developed a very strong dislike for Brianna, and she had a great throw, as well. It had been about forty minutes since we’d first begun watching Brianna. My band of ghostly friends still circled around Brianna and I could tell she was definitely spooked as she swiveled her head around the room, looking for the invisible source of the flying items. 
Finally, after she’d had enough, she grabbed her bag and scampered out of the store, barely taking time to lock the door behind her. She did, however, throw a malicious glance toward my store. More than likely she thought I was involved again. 
Mindy and I couldn’t control our laughter at the sight of Brianna running off down the sidewalk to the security of her car. She deserved every bit of what they’d handed out to her. Now I couldn’t wait for the gang to return and let me know what they’d discovered, if anything. 
“I can’t wait until they come back over and report what they found out,” Mindy said. “Or are they back already?”
“Not yet,” I said.
Mindy and I were still huddled by the window as if more action might take place. But Brianna was long gone and probably not coming back for the rest of the day. 
“I’m afraid I have a bit of sad news. She has put a spell on your Mr. Callahan.” The voice rang out from behind my head. Abe had popped up behind me, and I jumped. I hated it when they did that.
“What?” I was confused. “She put a spell on him? Are you kidding? What kind of spell?”
Abe didn’t respond. I supposed he didn’t feel that was a valid question.
“She put a spell on him?” Mindy asked bemused.
“Apparently so.” 
“How do they know this? What are they saying?”
“Hold on and let me find out.”
“What happened? Please tell me everything you know.”
“The words she chanted aloud were definitely a magical love spell,” Mr. Haynes said.
“How do you know? What were the words?”
Mindy was hanging onto every word I said, trying to understand a one-sided conversation. Poor thing, that must have been hard to tolerate. 
“I can’t remember the words exactly. Maybe the others do.” 
He glanced around at the others, but they remained silent.
He continued. “It was something like: true love is mine forever. We will be joined in marriage. Something about that he will love and obey her every whim.”
“Oh My God!”
“What? What, please? I can’t handle the suspense.”
“They were just telling me Brianna was placing some kind of a magical spell on Callahan that he must obey her every whim. I don’t know what to think. Could it really be possible?”
“That’s it, I’m going after her,” Mindy said as she made a dash for the door.
I grabbed her by the arm.
“What, so she can turn you into a cat or something? No way, you’ll stay put right here. We’ll just have to figure something out.”
As I sat in the comfy chair, I was too glum for words. I couldn’t believe what I’d heard from the gang. 
“How is any of this possible?” Mr. Haynes asked with a frown.
“I don’t know, Mr. Haynes. I wish I did. There are a lot of evil people in the world.”
“It’s possible. It happens more than you’d think,” Mrs. Williams said dryly.
I eyed her suspiciously. “How do you know?”
“I just do,” she said.
“So, what now? I can’t just let Callahan marry a woman he’s been tricked into loving. That is wrong on so many levels.” My mouth dried like Death Valley at the thought of Brianna manipulating Callahan that way. 
How mean did a person have to be to do such a thing? Apparently really evil, and it didn’t seem to bother her in the least. She was getting great pleasure out of it. 
How the heck was I going to break a love spell? 
I didn’t even know you could really cast them. I thought it was all just made up hocus-pocus. Now I was stuck with trying to reverse one.
Chapter 25

The gang and I were all gathered inside the store. Mindy was standing next to me and to the outside world it was just the two of us. But, to my eyes, there were six of us all huddled together planning our strategy. 
“There’s got to be a way for us to break the spell,” Mindy said as she tapped her red lacquered fingernails on the counter. Vivian fidgeted her hands while Abe began to pace. Mrs. Williams stood with her arms crossed in her usual dismal fashion, and Mr. Haynes stood to my left, deep in thought. So there I was, with all my friends, crowded together in the comforts of Book Nook. How sad was my life when I only had one living friend? 
The store darkened as the sky filled with dark clouds and rain started coming down in sheets, a perfect setting for the eerie scene of trying to outsmart a witch. A real live witch. Ghosts, witchcraft, and it wasn’t even Halloween yet.
“I just don’t know what to do guys.” I released a deep sigh. “I feel so bad for him. After the way he acted on our dates, it hurts to see the way he is right now. It’s not the real Callahan.” I slumped my shoulders in defeat.
“I wish she’d just leave town,” Mr. Haynes said with a frown. 
“Me too.”
“What?” Mindy asked. 
“Oh, sorry. Mr. Haynes said he wished Brianna would leave town.”
Mindy looked in the wrong direction and raised her voice, as if being a spirit made you hard of hearing. She said, “Yeah, me too!”
“Yeah, but if she does that he’ll just go with her. It doesn’t matter if I am with him or not, what matters is he should have a choice in who he loves. Right now, he has no choice. I can just imagine how I would feel to be forced to love someone I wouldn’t normally love. How would you feel Mindy, if you were forced to love Vinnie?”
“Oh, don’t say such things. No way.” She shook her head vigorously.
“Exactly!” I said. 
Vinnie Martin had had a crush on Mindy for about ten years. He was a car salesman now, but he’d followed Mindy around like a lovesick puppy in high school. I’m sure he was right for some gal, but definitely not for Mindy. I was pretty sure he’d developed a nervous tic as a result of his never-ending love for Mindy.
For several minutes, we all sat around contemplating the situation. I picked up a piece of chocolate and nibbled on the decadent candy to ease my nerves. Luckily, that bad box of chocolates hadn’t turned me off from the delicious sweets for good. I doubted anything could make me stop loving chocolate.
“Do you know witchcraft?” I asked, turning my gaze on Mindy.
“No, do you?” she laughed. “Are you kidding? Don’t you think you’d know by now if I did? If I could work spells, I’d have a ring on my finger, and I would have turned Brianna into a donkey.” 
I laughed. “Good point.”
We all collapsed into silence again. Hopeless feelings were weighing me down. Everyone was staring at me, waiting to hear my next idea, and I was feeling the pressure. I didn’t have an idea.
After a few more minutes had passed, I said, “Wait.” 
I paused a second, trying to get my thoughts in order and confirm in my mind what I thought, before I spoke the words. “I have some books on witchcraft. Maybe there are antidotes to spells in those.”
As I carefully navigated the aisles of books, everyone looked at me anxiously until I finally came to the section marked Metaphysical. I scanned the area, searching for what I thought was there. I eyed the rows of books: Occult Philosophy? I shook my head, “No.” Books of Mystery? “No.” I placed my hand on the next one and pulled it out, Encyclopedia of the Occult? I studied the contents, and then placed it back on the shelf. 
“No.” I moved on down the line. 
Then I saw what I was looking for. I pulled a couple of the books from the shelf.
“Ah ha!” I said, with a click of my tongue. 
I held up the books for everyone to see. “I’m sure one of these has to have something in it about breaking spells.”
“I don’t know, Larue. Do you think it’ll be that easy? You just pick up a book and the answer to your problems will be right there?” Mindy said, eyeing me doubtfully.
“No, but it’s a start.” I marched back to the counter and sat the books down in front of me. 
Both books were hardback, with shiny jackets promising spells for just about anything imaginable. 
“I don’t know what else to do. Maybe something in these books will give me some clue. If not, I’m out of ideas.” I ran my finger over the cover of one of the books.
“I think you have to be knowledgeable in the occult for any of those to work,” Mr. Haynes said, pointing to the books with a nod of his head.
“I think you just have to follow the steps laid out, that’s all,” I said.
“Witchcraft is evil, it’s from the devil. It’s the work of the devil, I tell you.”
“Well, it’s not all from the devil, Vivian. We’ve discovered that since you died. But yes, Brianna is not using it in the most pleasant of ways.” 
The first book I picked up was blue with the word Spells written across the front; I leafed through the pages, and then turned to the Contents page.
“Nothing in that book.” I set it down with a sigh. My hope was fading. I had no idea what to do after that if the books didn’t offer a clue. I grabbed the next and final book up. If it had nothing in it, it looked as if there’d be a wedding soon. This book was black with purple scrolls encircling the text. I took in a deep breath and peered around at the apprehensive faces staring back at me. 
Slowly, I opened the book, turning directly to the Contents page. With my index finger, I scanned the page, going through each entry. My heart was pounding. Finally, there, at the end of the page, were the words I was looking for: How to break a magic spell. Excitement ran through my body. I felt like jumping for joy. 
“Here it is!” I yelled. 
“You’re kidding. It’s there? Oh. My. God,” Mindy said peering over my shoulder. 
Mr. Haynes was beaming with joy. “Now, I hope it works.”
The others circled around taking a peek at the book themselves.
“I hope it works too,” Vivian said, in her delicate southern voice.
“We should pray,” Abe said.
“We will.” I encouraged him. “I promise. But later.”
Hurriedly I shuffled to page 164. To myself I read the page, looking for any mention of how to break a love spell. I flipped to the next page and then the next. 
“What if it’s not there?” Mindy asked.
I didn’t answer. It had to be there; it was my only hope. I didn’t want to think about it not being there.
Finally, as I moved to the next page, there were the words I’d been looking for. How to break a love spell.
“Here it is,” I said breathlessly.
“Thank God,” Mindy said.
“It says we need fabric from the clothing of the person affected by the spell, a white candle, a piece of their hair and a small amount of rosemary.”
Mindy frowned. “How the heck are we supposed to get fabric and a piece of his hair? That is just creepy and stalkerish.”
“Follow him to the laundry and when he gets a haircut?”
I chuckled. No one else laughed. Tough crowd. I’d thought it was funny.
“There is no way this is going to work. How are you possibly going to get fabric and hair from him? He doesn’t even want you in his store according to Brianna,” Mrs. Williams said with the familiar scowl on her face. 
She’d been even less friendly the past few days. Negative Nancy.
“Thanks for the optimism,” I said.
Silence once again fell upon the store as we were all deep in thought. I assume everyone was trying to figure out a way to collect the items needed. Maybe I was the only one, though. Mr. Haynes had a troubled look stretched across his face that led me to believe he cared. He was sweet for being so concerned. 
Finally I broke the silence. “Well, I can’t get it. They’d probably take out a restraining order against me and then throw me in jail.” I chuckled.
Mindy laughed. “That’s true. I can’t do it either. They would recognize me for sure. Maybe we could sort through his trash.”
“That sounds like a lot of fun. Are you volunteering?”
Mindy shook her head ‘no.’
“Besides, I doubt we would find fabric in there anyway.”
I rested my hand on my cheek as I contemplated our options. Which weren’t many.
“There is one way it could work,” Mr. Haynes said. 
We all turned to look at him, well except for Mindy.
“Really?” My interest was sparked. “Do tell.”
“What? What did they say?” Mindy was eyeing me impatiently.
“Well… What if we sent someone that was invisible to retrieve the items? He can’t see any of us. We could sneak over and take what we need and he would never know.” 
I looked at Mindy. “Mr. Haynes said that one of them should sneak over and grab what we need because Callahan can’t see them.” 
“Oh. My. God. Yes, that’s a brilliant idea! If I could see you Mr. Haynes, I would give you a big kiss,” Mindy said into the air.
Mr. Haynes smiled slyly, “I wish she could.”
I laughed. “He says he wishes you could.”
Mindy laughed, too.
“I’m not sure you should be doing that.” Clearly, Abe wanted no part in this mission. 
“Oh no, I don’t know if I like the sound of this. I’m not going to do it.” Vivian gave a nod, letting me know that she wouldn’t be the one to go, either.
Needless to say, Mrs. Williams wouldn’t go, so I didn’t even ask. I couldn’t blame them at all. It wasn’t right to be sneaky like that, but it was for his own good. I really had no other alternative.
“Mr. Haynes, will you do this for me?” I prayed he would say yes.
“Of course, dear, I wouldn’t have suggested it if I hadn’t been willing. Now tell me what I need to get.”
“All right, we need fabric that has touched his skin.” Hmm, that’s a nice thought. A flash of Callahan’s muscular physique ran through my mind. Focus, Larue. 
“Maybe go to his home and take a shirt from his closet. Then we need hair. Look for his brush and grab some from that.” 
Mr. Haynes nodded.
Mindy watched as I spoke into thin air.
“You know, this may actually work.” 
I rolled my eyes at Mindy, “You had any doubts?” I laughed.
Mr. Haynes didn’t know where Callahan lived, so Mindy and I jumped in the car to drive him. The others stayed behind, patiently waiting for our return. Spoil sports. Too bad they couldn’t run the store while I was gone. I could have left it open.
We rolled up to Callahan’s street and I parked along the curb. He had told me exactly where he lived and I was glad he had now. Little had I known then the info would come in handy. Mercifully, he was at work and wouldn’t see me parked next to his house. He would have thought I was stalking him for sure if he’d seen me driving my car outside his front window. 
I turned around and gave Mr. Haynes a nod to let him know it was safe for him to go ahead with the mission. With a poof, he was gone. Mindy and I waited in nervous silence for Mr. Haynes to return. I was trying not to bite my fingernails. Luckily I’d put on a fresh coat of polish to ward off my gnawing. Mindy spent her time twisting the dial on the radio.
After a short time, Mr. Haynes popped up again in the backseat. I must have been in a worried trance, because I jumped when he reappeared, letting out a shrill screech. All that time and I still hadn’t gotten used to that pop up act they all performed.
“How’d it go? Did you get the items?” I asked. I turned to face him. I was nervous, and wanted to rush and get the heck out of there. 
Mr. Haynes produced a shirt and a wad of hair in his hand. Okay, that was kind of gross. I had no idea how he’d done it. How had he carried that stuff out of the house? At the end of the day, I still didn’t understand how all this ghost stuff worked. Mr. Haynes was smiling, obviously very proud of his feat.
“Did he get it?” Mindy asked, before turning to look into the backseat. She’d been too busy with the radio to notice the floating hair and shirt.
I grinned at her and nodded. “Yep.”
“Let’s get out of here, then,” she said.
Zipping through the streets, I rushed back to Book Nook with the items secured in my purse for safe keeping.
Fortunately, all was quiet when we returned. I placed the shirt and hair on the counter. I sure hoped no customers came in and saw me with a wad of hair on the counter and a book on spells opened. Talk about losing customers. I couldn’t afford to be closed any longer, though. Not if I wanted to keep my home. I perused the pages of the book again. Abe, Vivian and Mrs. Williams were back, too intrigued by the process to stay away for long. 
“I hope this works,” Abe said with a caring smile. 
“We’ll need a small bowl to put all this stuff in. We need to cut a small piece of the shirt off, too.” In a hurry, I rummaged through the drawer until I came across the scissors. 
Mindy went into the back of the store and came out a short time later carrying a small bowl in front of her. Mindy handed me the bowl and I held it out in front of me, examining it for cracks. Then I carefully placed it on the counter. I felt like we were in some ceremonial ritual. I stood in the middle of the store with everyone looking at me, waiting to see what I would do next. Why was everyone looking at me for answers? Did I look like I had the remedies to all our problems?
“Okay, now that we have everything I guess we’ll start,” I said, more or less talking to myself aloud.
Mindy was looking over my shoulder again, reading the page. I could hear her breath in my ear.
Abe, Vivian and Mr. Haynes soon joined her.
“You should put the hair in first,” Vivian said.
“No, no. It says fabric first,” Abe said.
“Give me the book,” Mindy said, not even realizing what the others were saying. “I’ll tell you what it says.”
“I already looked at the book and it said fabric first,” Mrs. Williams retorted.
“You always did think you knew everything,” Mr. Haynes piped up.
“What makes you say that? You don’t know what you are talking about. Although you always thought you did.”
“I do know what I am talking about. You always walked around like you knew it all. You’re a little snotty if you ask me.” Mr. Haynes gave her a matter-of-fact smirk.
“Well, no one asked you. And I couldn’t care less if you think I’m snotty.” Mrs. Williams fumed.
The drone of the constant chattering all around me was driving me crazy. I could not believe they were bickering. I was already nervous and couldn’t concentrate. Not to mention adding fighting into the equation. My hands were shaking and my stomach was churning.
“Hey,” I screamed, as loud as my lungs would allow. “Everyone needs to shut up and calm down!”
Astonished expressions surrounded me. I was sorry I’d had to yell like that, but they’d left me no choice. Finally, I had silence. You could have heard a pin drop in my mind, for once. Mindy handed me the book, recognizing that everyone must have been getting on my nerves. 
“Thank you,” I said. “Now let me see what it says. Looks like none of you were right.” I ran my finger across the page. “It says to put in the rosemary first, and then the hair and everything else follows after that.” 
They all nodded, happy with my response. 
“All right, it says to hold the bowl up. I guess like I’m offering it to some gods or something. I really have no idea what I’m doing. Ugh, I need salt. I don’t have salt.” I moaned loudly. How was I supposed to know what I was doing was correct?
“Wait, I’ve got it covered. I have some little packets in my purse.” Mindy bounced to her purse, her big hoop earrings dangling wildly. 
I raised my eyebrow at her, “What else do you have in that thing? The kitchen sink?” 
I laughed as she rummaged through her purse, tossing items carelessly everywhere all over the counter. 
“What can I say? I love French Fries from McDonald’s.” 
She handed me the packet of salt, and I lightly sprinkled it in a circle around the bowl while speaking the following words: “I bless this place for only love and good can remain; hate and evil are cast out.” 
Just then, as the word ‘evil’ floated in the air, Abe and Vivian disappeared; they did not want any part of it. In the 1800s witchcraft was still very much a concern. Luckily, I could perform the spell without their help. I would have been in big trouble if I’d really needed them.
After the space was prepared, I placed the book down and took a deep, relaxing breath. 
“Everyone must be quiet, I have to meditate and concentrate on the spell before I perform it.” 
I sure sounded like I knew what I was doing, but really I had no idea. Mindy and Mr. Haynes nodded in unison. Mindy was unaware of the timing of her nod. It had been in perfect unity with Mr. Haynes. 
The book instructed that, when my thoughts were clear and free of emotion, I should engrave the person’s name, hold up the bowl containing all the ingredients and the white candle. How was I supposed to clear my thoughts? That wouldn’t be an easy task. At that time, I was supposed to think of the person I wanted the spell to be broken from. Envisioning the person in my mind would break them free. 
As clearly as I could, using my fingernail as the book instructed, I carved the words into the wax. I pressed strongly to ensure it was as firmly written as it should be. Next, I placed a few more drops of rosemary into the bowl, and then rubbed some on the candle to anoint it. Carefully I rubbed the oil along the base of the candle and all around it, coating every inch of it. All the while, I was still thinking of Callahan and concentrating on breaking him free from the hex Brianna had assigned to him. The air in the room intensified. I felt like I was in a dream and nothing could have stopped me from carrying out the spell at that moment. I felt empowered.
Vigilantly, I sat the bowl back on the counter and placed the candle back in the holder; I then sat the candle next to the bowl. Cautiously, I lit the candle, careful not to burn my manicure (I needed to look good to perform magic, right?) and spoke the following words: 

As this candle burns…
I call on the Powers around me for aid…
That I shall break the spell that binds this person…
and let the lust and the ties fade…
That they shall be cleansed and free…

I focused all of my energy on casting out the negative spell Brianna had bound to Callahan. I conjured up every positive thought I could think of (trying to leave out the naughty ones). 
The spell was complete. I’d followed every last detail listed, and all that was left to do, at that moment, was to wait. Once I’d finished the spell, I felt drained from top to toe. After having four spirits in the room, drawing on my energy, and then focusing my energy on a spell I’d never done before, I felt exhausted. I could barely hold my head up.
“There. Now we’ll see how that works.” I rubbed my aching head.
“How long do you think it takes?” Mindy asked softly.
“I would think it should take affect right away.”
Callahan and Brianna walked past the window as if on cue. I felt like someone had let the air out of me. All that trouble, and it hadn’t worked. I’d done it all for nothing. 
“What happened? Damn, it didn’t work,” I said through gritted teeth.
“Why didn’t it work?” Mindy slumped across the counter.
“Well, if you had read the paragraph at the end of the page you’d know why it didn’t work. Why are you completely clueless all the time?” Mrs. Williams snorted. She’d popped up just in time to add her two cents worth.
I scanned down the page. “Hmm. That does pose a problem,” I said. Maybe I was completely clueless.
“What is it?” Mindy asked. I pointed at the paragraph. Mindy scanned down the page. “Oh. Yeah, that does pose a problem doesn’t it?”
There in print at the bottom of the page, in black and white, was the reason why the spell hadn’t worked.
It was supposed to be three days before a full moon when we mixed the ingredients and then we had to wait until the full moon before performing the spell. Why hadn’t I read the entire page? 
“When is the next full moon?”
“I have no idea.” 
“I’ll get my calendar and check.” Mindy offered.
“What’s the point? Nothing is going to work,” I said. I felt defeated. Like a deflated balloon that had been popped with a pin, and sent whirling to the ground, losing all my air.
Chapter 26

The next morning I stood at the counter of Book Nook with my chin propped on my hands. I was staring out into the open space of the room when Mrs. Williams popped up next to me. I didn’t acknowledge her; I was in no mood to deal with her cynicism. 
“Why don’t you contact the local coven?” she said, casually, as she leaned against a shelf. 
“What?” I looked at her, furrowing my brows. “What are you talking about?” Typically, I tried not to listen to much of anything she said. Usually all she ever said was some form of a complaint.
“There’s a coven in Magnolia. Didn’t you know that?” She gave me a duh-look. 
“No, I’m sorry I didn’t know that. Is this supposed to be common knowledge or something?”
“I just figured everyone knew about it. And you do tend to act like you know everything,” she said, leafing through one of the books next to her. 
One day someone was going to walk through the door and freak out when they saw a book moving by itself. I would never be able to explain it.
Without saying another word to Mrs. Williams, I grabbed my cellphone and dashed over to look out the front window. Feverishly, I punched in Mindy’s number while I scanned the street in search of the spiky-haired blonde.
“Mindy, there’s a coven in Magnolia,” I said when she picked up. I didn’t even bother to say hello. “Were you aware of this?” 
“What? Who is this?” 
“Stop trying to be funny. This is really serious. Did you know there was a coven in town?”
“Of course I didn’t know. Don’t you think I would have said something to you about it? You do mean like a witch’s coven, right?” 
I stared out the front window, once again trying to spot Brianna. Too bad I didn’t have Mindy’s binoculars. Brianna was nowhere in sight. She was probably off somewhere turning someone into a frog.
“Yes, a witch’s coven. I didn’t think you would have known about it, but I had to ask to make sure.” 
“So it’s a coven, with witches and everything?
“Yes, that’s what it is.” 
“Why didn’t we know anything about this? I can’t believe they could keep something like that hidden from me,” Mindy quipped. 
“I guess they don’t exactly advertise that kind of stuff. It’s not like they take out a front page ad in the Yellow Pages.” 
“Touché.”
“Exactly,” I said.
“Can you get in touch with them? How can you find them? Can they help you? I have no idea about this witchcraft stuff. Sorry I have so many questions. I’m just so confused.”
I paused, contemplating the situation and my options.
“I have someone I can ask, hold on.”
I covered the phone with my hand. “Mrs. Williams, I need your help.”
In one swift motion she turned her back to me and made a humph noise. I was being snubbed.
“You know what you need to do in order for me to help you,” she grumbled.
“I promise I will talk to your husband. I won’t leave until he talks to me, but right now I need your help. It’s extremely important.”
“Go to him first. After that I will help you.” 
“No way. I’ll go to him and then you’ll vanish. I need you to tell me first how to get in touch with the coven, and then I’ll help you. Tit for tat.”
“No.”
“All right, suit yourself. I’ll never talk to him then. Poor Robert will have to suffer with his broken heart.” 
Mrs. Williams was like a stubborn mule. She was the most hard-headed person I’d ever known.
“I’ll run off all your business. What little business you have. No customers will ever set foot in this place again.”
“You wouldn’t dare!” I could not believe I was bickering with a ghost. She was impossible to deal with. Every time Mrs. Williams spoke to me, I felt like a scolded ten-year-old. She was a ghost, for heaven’s sake. Why was I putting up with that behavior from her? I should be the one in control.
Clearly, my attempts at negotiating were not getting me anywhere. I had to think of something else to say.
Fortunately, a second idea popped into my head.
“Listen, Mrs. Williams,” I said gently. 
She shook her head ‘no’ to let me know she wasn’t willing to listen.
“Listen to me!” I said sternly. “Do you have children?” 
“Yes, I have children,” she hissed. Why couldn’t she ever answer without a nasty demeanor?
“Then maybe you can sympathize with my mother. Can’t you do this for my mother? As a mother yourself? Wouldn’t you want someone to help your children if they could? What if they needed someone to help them? Callahan is a nice person, and he doesn’t deserve this.” I knew I was grasping at straws, but I had to try anyway.
After a long pause, she sighed. “All right. The lady’s name is Karyn Bentley. Her number is in the phonebook.”
I could not believe my plea had worked, and she’d shared the information with me. I would have to remember that trick in case I needed to use it against her again in the future, although I prayed my future with Mrs. Williams would be a short one. I was determined to finally get through to her husband. Deep down, she was not as tough as she led people to believe.
“Thank you, Mrs. Williams. I promise I won’t let you down.”
She ignored me.
I uncovered the phone and chirped into it, “I got it. I got the lady’s name.” 
“Find her immediately,” Mindy commanded.
“Don’t you want to know how I got it?” I asked. 
“There’s time for that later. Right now time is of the essence. Just find her.” 
“Gotcha. I’m looking for her right now.”
“Bye,” Mindy snapped. 
I fished out the phone book from the drawer under the counter and scanned the alphabet for her name.
“Thank God, there she is,” I muttered aloud.
Nervously, I dialed her number; I had no idea what I was even going to say. Hello, is this the witch?
The phone rang several times as my heart thumped.
“Hello,” the soft voice said. Hmm, I was expecting a more crackly-like voice. I think I expected her to say something like I’ll get you my pretty, and then laugh in a wicked cackle.
“Hi, is this Karyn Bentley?” 
“Yes, this is Karyn.” 
“Hi, Karyn. My name is Larue Donavan. I own Book Nook here in town.” 
“Oh, hi Miss Donavan. How are you today?” 
“Just fine, thank you. The reason I’m calling is…” I paused.
“Yes,” she said, waiting for me to sputter out the rest of the sentence.
“I was told you were a part of the coven here in town. I didn’t even know there was such a thing here in Magnolia,” I said nervously.
“Why do you ask?” she questioned guardedly.
“Right, well, I have reason to believe someone has placed a bad spell on someone I know. I was told you might be able to help. I tried to break the spell myself with some books I have here in the store.”
She laughed. “But it didn’t work.”
“No, I’m afraid not. I’m not sure what I did wrong. Although the book said it had to be done on a full moon and I didn’t do that part. After I tried it once I don’t have the energy to try again.”
“Well, it could have been that. But, honestly, it could be any one of many things. More than likely, it wouldn’t have worked even on the full moon simply because, deep down, you don’t believe it will work. Magic is a powerful thing, and so is the mind. They go together you know?”
“Well, um, no, I didn’t know, but I’ll take your word for it.”
“So, who is this person?”
“Well, my friend is Callahan Weiss. Or, at least, I thought we were friends until…” I trailed off.
“Go ahead.” She pushed.
“Until Brianna Garret came into the picture.”
I could hear her exhale deeply into the phone.
“And you think Brianna has cast a spell on him?”
“Yes, I do.”
“What makes you think she has cast a bad spell?”
“My friend and I saw her working her magic, I guess you would say. One day, she had this strange-looking bowl, she waved her hands around, and a puff of smoke came billowing into the air.” I sounded like an excited child as I described it. I gestured with my hands as if she could see me.
“A strange looking bowl, you say?”
“Yes, it was wooden with strange symbols on it.”
“Uh huh. Okay and then what happened?”
“Well, after that. My friend began acting very strange. He stopped talking to me and he had this strange far-off look in his eyes.”
“That is not good,” she said with trepidation.
I wasn’t truly expecting her to agree with me, so when she did I was shocked. Relieved, but still shocked.
“It isn’t?” I said.
“No. Not good at all. So you want to help your friend?”
“Yes, I do. If it is possible I would like to. I think he would want my help. I really feel like he would. The way he is acting is not natural.”
“I realize that,” she offered. “Can you meet with me?
“Sure,” I said, nervously. The thought ran through my mind in that maybe she was in cahoots with Brianna and it was all a trick. Maybe they would turn me into a frog. Somehow Mrs. Williams was involved, too. I really was becoming paranoid.
“How about this afternoon?”
“That sounds fine,” I croaked.
I jotted down her address and hung up, wondering what disaster I had just gotten myself into and possibly could not get out from.
Needless to say, I was shocked to discover that Magnolia had a coven. How many witches were in town? If there was one bad witch, though, didn’t that mean there were more? They needed to form some sort of witch police to track down the bad ones. 
I mean honestly, a real live witch in my hometown. Even in my line of work, the only dealings with witches I had had, well, were none. I had seen the movie Practical Magic with Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman several times, but that was it. Oh, and then of course, there were the Salem witch trials. But a coven here in Magnolia? I was still stunned. 
Time moved at a snail's pace as I attempted to pass the hours before my meeting with Karyn. Every minute on the clock felt like an hour. I paced the aisles, fiddled with my nails (careful not to bite them), and then I’d return to my seat and squirm. Thankfully, Mindy stopped by to keep me company and take my mind off my worries. She was none too happy about my scheduled meeting with the high priestess of the local coven, though, and she made me very aware of her dissatisfaction. 
“What time are you supposed to meet her again?”
I glared at my watch. “Oh, I need to get going. I’m supposed to meet Kayrn in thirty minutes.”
“I’m worried for you, Larue. What if she’s just as bad as Brianna?”
Mindy was thinking the same thing as I had, but I didn’t want her to know I was slightly nervous. Okay, more than slightly nervous. Sharing my feelings would only make her feel worse. 
“I guess that’s the chance I’ll have to take. There’s no way for me to know.” 
“You’re not meeting her in some dark alley are you? Oh, oh or not some forest somewhere?” 
“Like a magical forest?” I chuckled. 
“This is not something to laugh about,” Mindy warned as she wiggled her finger at me in a tsk-tsk gesture.
“I’m tough, I’ll be fine. I can handle myself.” 
“Yeah, right, you’re not as tough as you think you are. There could be like fifty witches there. They could turn you into a dog or maybe a donkey.” 
“I always thought being a bird would be fun. Getting to fly anywhere I wanted.” I bit my lip to keep from laughing. 
“Laugh now,” Mindy warned, “but don’t come running to me for help. Or, should I say, flying to me.” 
“My gosh! What if they burn me at the stake in the magical forest? Or use me as a sacrifice?” 
“Stop it. Stop it right now.” 
I laughed, holding my sides. 
Mindy stared, giving me a dirty look, shooting daggers my way. 
It seemed like I was the only one ever laughing at my jokes. 
“All right, I’ll stop. But seriously, I will be fine. Apparently, you’re not too worried about me. If you were, you wouldn’t let me go alone. Alone, all by myself, to the magical forest.” I thrust my hand on my hip.
“Hey, someone has to run your store while you’re gone. And since I don’t have any customers I might as well take care of yours.” 
Poor Mindy. If I ever got my life drama straightened out, I was going to work on getting her to broaden her business horizons and attract more customers. One type of fitness class was just not enough. Especially when that one type was pole fitness in little Magnolia. I looped my purse over my shoulder, scooped up my keys and headed for the door. 
“I’ll be back soon. Wish me luck.” I made my way to the door.
“Do you have your cellphone? In case you need to dial 911?” She bellowed after me.
“I got it.” I threw up my hand and gave a magnanimous wave. “I’ll see you soon. Now sell a bunch of books while I’m gone.” 
Mindy just gave a nervous smile and a measured stare as she peered at me over the top of her can of diet coke. 
I maneuvered through the streets until I finally spotted the sign for a large subdivision of luxury homes. Turning in, I drove a short distance, slowly counting down the streets until I found the right one. I made a left onto Bradford Street and, halfway down, spotted number 3549. I pulled my car up to the curb and threw it in park. I sat there, waiting for some time before, finally, a sleek black Mercedes slid up into the driveway of the house. 
That must be her. I wasn’t sure, since the windows were tinted so darkly, I couldn’t see who the driver was. Either it was Karyn, or the men in black had finally come after me. My skin was covered in chills, and my throat was tight. Suddenly, all the jokes I had teased Mindy with did not seem quite so funny when I was faced with the reality of the situation. 
Maybe something would happen, just like Mindy had warned me about, specifically the burned at the stake one. Burning at the stake didn’t sound like much fun. I watched as long sleek legs unfolded out of the car, and then the tall woman appeared. Gracious and subtle like a cat. It was Karyn; I’d rather suspected it was, based on the black car. 
What other color car would she have, though? Didn’t all witches drive black Mercedes? She was the high priestess? She was my age. I’d expected… Well, I wasn’t sure exactly what I’d expected at that point. 
The head witch, she was the woman in charge. The aura around her really was electrifying. Brianna certainly didn’t possess that type of energy. If she had I was positive Brianna would’ve been substantially more malicious. Possibly she would be unstoppable. 
I hesitated a moment, contemplating whether I should start my car and zoom away before she even saw me. I was more intimidated by her than I’d thought I would be. She had a power about her, and it radiated. The aura around her flowed steadily off her with every step she took. I probably had come across a few witches around town and never even knew it. 
One thing was for sure, she didn’t look like a witch, with her smooth long blonde hair. But that stereotype of witches was long outdated, I supposed, as was evidenced by Brianna. The tension was twisting my stomach into knots. No witch paraphernalia was in sight, but a shadow of fear was, without a doubt, wrapped around my shoulders like a heavy cloak. 
A ghost may be no match for me, but I had never dealt with witches until Brianna. And it had looked like she’d had the upper hand on me. I really didn’t know what to expect from Karyn. However, I’d soon find out.
I’d been waiting in front of Karyn’s home for ten minutes when she’d pulled in. She’d said she would be a little late, and I’d told her I didn’t mind waiting, I didn’t have any other options for breaking the spell. As she approached my car and I stood there waiting for her, she took in my appearance, looking me up and down. 
I had dressed in my black slacks, cream-colored cashmere sweater and my favorite Dior boots. By the look on her face, I assumed she approved of my selection.
“Larue. It’s so nice to meet you.” She stretched out her graceful hand.
I took it in mine, and said, “It’s nice to meet you too.”
“I’m terribly sorry if I seemed a little awkward on the phone. It’s just I was shocked—”
She cut me off. “To hear that there was a coven in Magnolia?”
“Yes,” I said bashfully.
“This isn’t Salem, right?” she teased.
“Exactly.” I giggled.
“Please come in, won’t you?” She motioned toward her home.
I was curious to hear what she had to say, but at the same time, I was tense. What was lying in wait for me behind her front door? I prayed it would not be Brianna.
Hesitantly, I walked through the door with my eyes on full alert. I was waiting for someone or something to jump out at me at any moment and I’d have to go into defense mode. Mindy would have laughed at the thought of me in defense mode, but I could take care of myself if I had to.
“Please have a seat.” Karyn gestured to the formal living room to my left.
“Thank you,” I said.
“Would you like some coffee?” she offered.
“Yes, that would be great. Thanks.”
“Cream or sugar?” 
“Both, please.”
“Would you like a snack as well?
“No, thank you. Coffee is fine.”
I watched her as she walked off down the hallway to retrieve the coffee.
When she was out of sight, I took in my surroundings, grateful for the opportunity to look around without her noticing. The chocolate colored velvet sofa was positioned in front of the marble fireplace with two coordinating floral armchairs on either side of it. The walls were bathed in a warm taupe. The home was elegant, and it fit Karyn’s appearance well. ‘Sophisticated’ was the word that came to my mind.
Karyn sashayed back into the room and handed me the steaming mug of coffee. I was nervous about drinking it in her gorgeous room, and prayed I would not spill brown liquid all over her expensive looking rug. The thought had also crossed my mind that the mug contained some magic potion. Wasn’t that what witches did? Cook up magic potions? But Karyn seemed so nice I decided to trust her, momentarily. She settled herself onto the velvety cushions of her sofa and, ever so gently, positioned her mug on the coffee table in front of us. 
As she placed the mug down she said, “A love spell is not supposed to be dangerous or manipulative. The spell Brianna cast was both of those.” 
I watched her carefully as I took a sip from my mug.
“In order for the spell to work, you must believe it will work.” She picked up her mug of coffee and took a sip.
I nodded in acknowledgment without saying a word. 
“You didn’t believe, when you made an attempt to reverse that spell.”
“No, I suppose I didn’t.”
“It’s understandable, though. I know you are not accustomed to witchcraft. You can’t just one day wake up and decide to become a witch. Did you have anyone else with you when you performed the spell?” 
Ghosts. I didn’t think I should tell her that. 
“My best friend was with me,” I offered. 
“If someone in the circle doesn’t believe, then it will not work. So it may not be just your fault.”
Good, I could blame it on Mindy.
“You know, a love spell is not meant to work the way you described, and I was shocked to learn Brianna had done such a thing. You cast a love spell to bring love to you. As opposed to casting a spell to specify whom you want to love you. It’s not your choice. Your true love has already been selected for you. You’re just asking for the person to find you faster. That’s what is supposed to happen. That’s what love really is.”
“That makes sense.” I eyed her over the top of my mug.
“To go against another’s free will means you will be subjected to the Rule of Three.”
“What’s the rule of three?” I eyed her curiously.
“The Rule of Three means you will attract something back to you three times as bad. Witchcraft is never about manipulation. Brianna should know that.”
That didn’t sound good.
“It’s about working with the energies of the universe to bring you what you desire. Like a beautiful, romantic and sustainable love from someone who loves, respects and excites you. As opposed to using it to specify that someone acts a certain way according to your will. This is not tolerated by the magical world. And Brianna will be dealt with accordingly for what she’s done.” 
Well, if I could in fact trust Karyn, it sounded as if Brianna was in some serious trouble.
“If you need my help, then I can give it, but in order to break the spell, the magic must come from someone who truly cares for the person affected.”
I wasn’t sure what she was getting at. 
“Which means?” I asked.
“It means you will have to meet with the coven and perform the spell while we help you.”
I swallowed nervously. She couldn’t be serious.
“I don’t think that would be such a good idea. You said yourself I couldn’t become a witch overnight, and frankly, I have no desire to become a witch.”
“All right. Well, I’m sorry I couldn’t help you, then.” She stood. 
“Wait, so that is it? That’s the only way you can help?”
“Yes, that is the only way,” she said, looking at me as I still sat on her sofa. I wasn’t ready to leave just yet.
I hesitated. Well I had already performed it once. Of course, that was in the safe surrounds of my bookstore. But I guess she knew what she was talking about, or I hoped she did.
“Where would we meet to perform said spell?”
“It’s a secret location. I’m afraid I can’t tell you, unless I know you are completely serious about helping your friend.” Gosh, I halfway expected her to say she’d have to kill me if she told me. A secret location made me even more edgy. Let the nail biting begin.
Callahan’s kisses flashed through my mind and I could almost feel the tingle on my lips. I saw his amazing smile, and I knew I had to take my chances with the coven. If they had it out for me, then I would just have to fight. I was fighting for Callahan and what I believed was the right thing.
“All right, I’ll do it.”
Chapter 27

Meeting with the leader of the local coven had been a strange experience, to say the least. I’d been suddenly thrust into a world I knew nothing about, and to say I was confused was putting it lightly. Some people might find it bizarre, but I had lived my life in the little cocoon of seeing dead people and chasing ghosts, and I had never once thought about witches, witchcraft and all that it implied. Sure Bigfoot, UFOs and other unexplained events were on my mind sometimes, but never the witchcraft aspect of it. 
Why had I put my blinders on at other paranormal events going on around me? I guess I’d never really thought of witchcraft as paranormal. I’d never thought of witchcraft at all. Apparently, my little hometown of Magnolia, Kentucky was a center of activity for the mystical and had its share of supernatural connections that I’d never taken the time to realize.
It was the following evening, and the time of my meeting with the coven had arrived. Agreeing to meet them in the middle of the isolated woods, just like Mindy had warned me not to do, might have been a bad idea. What was I thinking? I didn’t even know the people. I was just going on my impression of them. 
That may not be enough. What if my opinion was drastically wrong? Sure, they seemed honest and normal, but how did I know for certain? The answer to my question was I didn’t, and that was a sizeable problem in my book. The situation was a huge predicament; it loomed over my head, and weighed on my conscience. 
As I turned my car onto to the gravel path, my headlights were all I had to show me the next curve. A cloud of dust twirled around my car as I continued to my meeting with the unknown. My radio was faintly playing and I flipped it off out of nervousness. My headlights flashed across the area in front of me, and my heart raced when I saw the others were already there. Sprinkled along the side of the dirt road were various vehicles belonging to the coven members. SUVs, trucks, cars and even vans that looked like they belonged to soccer moms were the modes of transportation—no broomsticks in sight. 
The stars were making their presence known, peeking out from behind the few clouds scattered in a sky that had just turned to darkness. If I’d thought wishing upon one of those bright twinkling stars would have gotten me out of the mess I was in, I’d have tried. Alas, I knew it wouldn’t help.
Standing beside her car, Karyn was studying the dirt path; I knew she’d been watching and waiting for me. Leaning slightly against her shiny sedan, she looked more like she was ready for a night out with girlfriends, instead of magic rituals, in her jeans and black sweater. Draped over her arm was a large black cloth, I didn’t know what it was, but I prayed it wasn’t the bag they were going to use to dispose of my body in. 
I threw my car into park. Karyn twisted the corners of her mouth into a mysterious smile when she saw me staring in her direction. Pausing for a moment and inhaling deeply, I turned off the ignition, grabbed the car door, slid out and then approached her. If I could have walked slower, I would have.
“Hi,” I said with a shaky voice. 
“Are you ready?” 
“As ready as I’ll ever be.” The tension was evident in my voice. 
Karyn waved her hand and motioned for me to come with her. We hiked a short distance in the open surroundings until we came to the line of trees about twenty-five feet ahead. 
“So we’re really going into the woods, huh?” This was it. There was no turning back for me.
“Yes, we’re really going.” She turned to give me a brief smile. 
It was all so surreal. Carefully, we traveled down the path with the tall trees hovering above us, whispering in the stir of the wind. The branches of the oaks and pines were draping over us as if they were scrutinizing our every move from high above. Under our feet, leaves and branches crackled, and in the distance I could hear the faint howl of animals. I had no idea what kind they were. I prayed they were dogs and not packs of wolves just waiting to sink their teeth into us. 
The situation I found myself in was different from those with ghosts and the occasional demons I’d dealt with before. It can’t be any worse than my confrontations with evil spirits. I tried to comfort myself as I continued down the path. As we moved along, Karyn whispered, “We’re counting on you to break the spell. You are the only one that can truly end the hex Callahan has had placed on him. He had feelings for you before Brianna forced him to be with her. So you’ll have to really concentrate on performing the magic.” 
Great, no pressure there. The man’s life depended on me.
I gave her a wide-eyed stare. “I’m not going to lie. I’m nervous because, as you know, I tried it before and it didn’t work.” 
“As I told you, it takes true belief in the magic. I can help you, but you must do most of it on your own. Just remember, I will be with you the entire time. Right beside you. You have to believe in yourself.” 
Her words didn’t do much to comfort me. I winced and continued down the path. Twigs and branches pulled at my feet with each step I took. An unexpected thorn snagged my arm, and I jumped and screeched. Karyn placed a reassuring hand on me and nudged me forward.
The path seemed to stretch on indefinitely. Suddenly, a trickle of terror sprouted in my stomach, and before long was consuming me. The fear of being led into their black magic trap washed over me. I felt like an insect being carried to a spider web, to be trapped and then devoured alive. 
As the silver moon glowed through a patchy cover of clouds, the sound that disturbed me the most was the murmuring of the people gathered around, waiting for me to appear. I knew we were nearing our destination as the voices became more distinguishable. I had no idea so many people would attend, watching me and judging every move I made. 
As we came to the end of the path, there was an opening. I could see a break in the trees and I stepped forward, and that’s when I saw everyone. All of the coven members whose voices I’d heard were now staring at me. I froze to the spot, there in the wilderness, and then Karyn grabbed my hand, pulling me closer to the audience. 
I braced myself for any psychic energy that might come my way. I didn’t know what was in store for me. To my right, I heard a woman’s voice. I turned to look in her direction. She was a short older woman and her cropped stylish hair looked out of place in the surroundings. Wearing a sweater and pants she, like Karyn, also didn’t look like a witch. When was I going to drop the green skin and warts image I had in my mind of what these people should look like? 
Karyn led me to my position and let go of my arm. I wondered if I could outrun her if I needed to. I eyed her up and down. She looked fast, with her long legs, so I concluded I’d probably lose in that race. 
The older lady was now a few feet in front of me. In a low, courteous voice, she said, “I call to the powers of the North.” 
Another voice on my right rang out. “I call to the powers of the East.” 
Then another, “I call to the powers of the South,” and another, “I call to the powers of the West.” 
A chorus of women’s voices rang out in unison, “Please join in our rite, do witness our pledge and grant us insight. Lend us your energy to this ritual that we work tonight. So mote it be.” 
Wow, they didn’t waste any time getting started.
Karyn nodded at me, then said, “Place the salt in a circle and make it wide all around this area.” Carefully, she handed me the black velvet bag containing what I assumed, and what looked to be, salt. 
My heart was pounding loudly in my chest as I clutched the bag and did as she instructed. Even as I did it, I still had my doubts. I wondered if I could trust her to tell me the truth. After all, she’d been friends with Brianna at some point. How did I know she still wasn’t? 
This could be Brianna’s chance to finally get rid of me. For all I knew, I could be performing a spell on myself, and Brianna would have the last laugh, finally rid of me, just as she wanted. 
Anxiety surged through me as I walked a circle around the area, dropping pinches of the salt as I went, just as I had been instructed. Hesitantly, I looked up at Karyn and, once again, she nodded in approval. Silently, she was letting me know I was doing exactly what she wanted me to do. 
“Just as you did before, take your fingernail and trace his name on the candle. Then, place all of the candles around the circle, all six of them.” 
Slowly, I traced Callahan’s name in the candle, shaking off the excess wax when I was finished. My breathing was rapid. What if I did exactly as I was told, and all of it still didn’t work? Looking around at the faces intently watching me, I made the same path with the candles as I had with the salt, at that point placing all of the candles along the circle. Goose bumps rose on skin.
“Now, light the first candle and, from that, light the others. Be careful, and don’t let the flame extinguish.” 
With fumbling hands, I took the long lit matchstick from her hand. Gracefully, she moved back to her position, just outside the circle. I had to force myself to move and walk forward. One by one, I lit the candles I had placed in small dishes around the circle. The glow of the candles was casting an ominous-looking flicker around the ring of witches. Shadows filled the hollows of the faces, engulfing me.
“Now you must stand directly in the middle of the circle you’ve drawn,” Karyn ordered when I’d finished the task.
I took in a deep breath and moved back to the center of the circle I’d made. When I reached the middle my legs instantly seemed to be glued to the ground. 
As I stood, frozen in one spot, the wind picked up, a powerful gust swooshed wildly around us. A rumble echoed on all sides of us, encircling us, and enclosing around us. My hair whipped madly all over the place as the wind grew and swirled dust and leaves as though we were now in the middle of a tornado. Only we weren’t moving. The wind wasn’t lifting our bodies as it would in a tornado, and the trees high above were still, as well. 
I’d seen a lot of things while chasing ghosts, but I’d never seen anything like this before. I’d watched objects move on their own, and other unexplained events, but in that moment, it was like we were trapped in our own little world, out there in the middle of the woods. Far away from the bustle of the normal world. Amazingly though, the candles remained lit in spite of the intense wind.
“Larue,” Karyn shouted, above the noise of the wind. “Repeat the words I taught you.” 
I paused, wondering if I’d get it right. I wasn’t a witch. How did they expect me to do this? I was a ghost chaser, a medium. They were the witches. Why was I the one doing this? 
She’d told me, though, that I had to believe in order for it to work. I paused, lost in my self-doubting thoughts. I didn’t want to see Callahan as a zombie his whole life. If I couldn’t have him, that was fine, but he deserved a say in whom he loved. And I was determined to see to it that he got that say. 
I heaved a sigh, and then caught my breath, letting it out slowly. Carefully, I wrapped my mind around the words we’d practiced, the words she had painstakingly helped me memorize. Karyn had comforted me saying it would only work if I believed the words, and that memorizing them would help with that. 
What had I gotten myself into this time? Why was I always in these types of crazy situations? Please let this work. I let out another deep breath. It was probably obvious I was stalling, and I could tell everyone was growing impatient waiting for me to start. 
After all the practice, I knew what needed to be done next. A surge of power shot through me. I had to do the spell for Callahan. I had to make it work. Placing the ingredients that were laid out on the ground before me into the bowl, I said each word at the exact time I was supposed to, with more confidence than I ever knew I possessed. My breathing was heavy and my heart raced. 
I parted my lips and let the words flow from my mouth. “Break the spell that binds. Love and lust shall not be confined. Unleash the dark from this being and grant them freedom from the love that constricts.” 
The wind still swirled around all of us as I finished speaking the words. I looked around with uncertainty and noticed everyone was motionless, except for their hair, which was whipping about uncontrollably. Then, with one giant whoosh, the wind ceased just as quickly as it had begun.
One by one, I looked around at the faces surrounding me. They were all smiling at me. I had survived. I was still there. At least for the time being. I hadn’t been turned into an animal or anything. 
Mindy would be pleased to know they didn’t burn me at the stake after all. They had embraced me as a friend and trusted me. And I knew deep down they weren’t into black magic like Brianna was. I let out a huge sigh. It was good to know it was over.
Karyn moved over to where I stood. “The spell has been broken, Larue. Brianna will be dealt with accordingly, you can count on that. She will no longer be able to perform any type of magic. Her days as a witch are over.” 
Wow, by the look in Karyn eyes I was glad I wasn’t Brianna. I really hoped what she was saying was true. But how did she know the spell was truly broken? I supposed as soon as I saw Brianna and Callahan again, I would know. But maybe he really was in love with her without the spell, although somehow I doubted that. I gave Karyn a smile and didn’t speak. No words were necessary.
“You did a great job tonight. You should be proud of yourself. If you’d like to join us in one of our meetings sometime, we’d love to have you,” the older lady said as she drew near.
“Thanks. I’ll think about it.” I nodded. 
Karyn reached out to me and I embraced her as she gave me a hug. I was pretty sure I’d had my share of witchcraft for a lifetime. Still, I couldn’t believe what I’d done. I drove home in a kind of a daze. Was what had just happened all a dream?
Chapter 28

The sun had just peeped up over the horizon, and the cool air was attempting to warm as I shuffled to my car. I tugged my coat tightly around my chest as I slipped in behind the wheel. It was just the two of us, Mrs. Williams and me. The others had crossed over.
Mr. Haynes had remembered his old Army friends and decided they’d be more fun to hang out with than I would. What had taken him so long to think of them, I wasn’t sure. Apparently Abraham Lincoln had decided it was time to leave his beloved United States and see his mother again. Honestly, I think after the spell on Callahan was gone, they realized how boring it was hanging out with me. Even Vivian gave in and left to find her husband.
I had complained about them, but I soon realized I was a bit sad that they’d gone. Only one more thing and I’d be rid of ‘Annoying Beth’ as her husband called her as well. Perhaps I’d warmed up to her sarcastic demeanor after awhile, but I could say that I wouldn’t miss her early morning concerts in my bedroom. 
Having someone bellowing out the lyrics to Mr. Sandman was not my idea of how I should start the day. I could think of a million ways I’d rather be roused from bed. 
Mrs. Williams was perched next to me in the passenger side, giving out directions to her former residence. I’d already been to her home, so it was just like her to feel the need to tell me again. She simply enjoyed ordering me around.
“Are you sure it isn’t too early for him? He may still be in bed.”
“It’s not too early. Just go, for heaven’s sake. Before you change your mind and start whining about something else. You’re driving me crazy. It’s no wonder you can’t find a husband.”
I raised an eyebrow. “I’m driving you crazy? Well, I beg to differ. All you do is complain, and as a matter of fact, I don’t see how you ever landed a husband. I think it’s the other way around. Plus, you have the worst singing voice I’ve ever heard, by the way.” 
She laughed. And I couldn’t help but join her in her laughter.
The streets were empty at that time of the morning, so the short drive was a quick one. I steered my car up in front of the house. I didn’t have the nerve to pull into the driveway. I thought if Mr. Williams was anything like his wife, he might chase me away with a gun. 
“Well, don’t just sit there. Go talk to him,” she snorted.
Mumbling under my breath, I slid out from the car and made my way up the path in front of the modest ranch-style home. Leaves were everywhere on the lawn. You could tell no one had bothered even attempting to rake them.
I rapped on the door, waiting for any noise that would let me know someone was around, but all I could hear was Mrs. Williams tapping her foot impatiently as she stood next to me. She was standing a little too close for my comfort. 
“Would you please step back? You’re invading my personal space,” I snapped. I made a circle around my body with my hands, letting her know where the boundaries were.
“Fine!” She took one step backward, which didn’t help much.
“Mr. Williams, please are you there? I need to talk to you. I know you can hear me.” After a moment of silence, I could hear someone shuffling beside the door. 
“Mr. Williams?” I said again. 
“I told you last time to go away. I don’t want to talk with anyone. And I don’t know who the hell you are,” the grumbling voice barked from the other side of the red door.
“Mr. Williams,” I said lightly, not sure how to proceed with what I was about to tell him. It was now or never.
Mrs. Williams nudged me in the side. 
“Ouch. Don’t do that,” I whispered.
“Tell him that a month before I died he bought me an emerald pendant.” 
“All right, just give me a minute.” I glared at her.
“Mr. Williams. I know you can hear me and I’m sure you must be wondering what I want and why I keep coming to see you.”
“I’m calling the police.”
“He’s calling the police. I don’t need that. I’m out of here. I don’t want to go to jail,” I said. I turned to walk back down the steps.
“You aren’t going anywhere. Hurry up and talk to him. He’s too lazy to walk over and grab the phone to call the police. Trust me.”
I wasn’t so sure I should trust her, but I knew I needed to try anything to get her off my back. I turned back to face the door and give it one more shot. 
Leaning in close to the door I said, “Mr. Williams I’m a medium and your wife is here with me.” 
I heard a loud crash from inside the house.
“Are you all right, Mr. Williams?”
“Tell him about the necklace.” Mrs. Williams prodded. 
“Your wife is here standing next to me and she wants me to tell you that you bought a necklace for her a month before she died.” 
“It had an inscription. It said, ‘To my little bug.’ That’s what he called me.”
I just looked at her and then smirked. “Little bug?”
She poked me in the side again. 
“Okay! Okay! I’m telling him. Mr. Williams. She said it had an inscription on it that read,” I paused, “‘To my little bug.’”
The doorknob rattled, and the next thing I knew, the door had cracked open ever so slightly. I could see just a small amount of Mr. Williams’ head. A few tufts of mussed hair stuck out from the crack.
“Thank you for talking to me, Mr. Williams.” 
He was silent. He stared at me with his dark eyes, circles surrounding them.
“I realize this is all very strange. But it’s just that your wife is here and she won’t leave me alone until I talk with you.” I gestured beside me. “She wants me to tell you she loves you.” 
I prayed he would listen to me. If he didn’t, I would be stuck with Mrs. Williams for the rest of my life. Talk about hell on earth.
“How did you know that?” He frowned.
Duh, I’d told him I was a medium. Why was he not listening to me?
“I told you I’m a medium and dead people talk to me. Like I said, I know it’s hard to believe. But you have to believe me.”
“I don’t have to believe you, Miss.”
“No, you don’t have to do anything. But your wife wants me to tell you that the two of you kissed under the maple tree at the park and that was your first kiss.”
“No one knew about that. It was our secret.”
I nodded. 
“Your wife wants you to know she is fine, and you don’t have to worry about her. She wants you to be happy until you are together again. She loves you very much.”
He fidgeted and stared at me. I knew he was confused and not sure what to think about what I’d just told him.
“I’m very sorry for your loss, sir.” I stepped off the porch. As far as I was concerned, I had kept my end of the bargain. He slowly closed the door, and as I hopped in my car I saw Mrs. Williams float through the door after him. I wasn’t sure if she was crossing over or not, but as long as she stayed away from me, I didn’t care what she did. I’d had it with her. Good riddance. 
All was quiet around the town. There was only a hint of traffic. To say I was apprehensive to see what the events of the previous evening would produce would have been an understatement. Engrossed in my work, I almost missed seeing Karyn’s Mercedes speed up in front of Brianna’s store.
Two other black four-door sedans followed and pulled directly up behind her. Karyn unfolded from her vehicle and confidently strolled into the store with her head held high. She was a woman on a mission. Apparently, Brianna had slipped in minutes earlier and I hadn’t even noticed her. Within no time, Karyn emerged from the store with a smile of satisfaction splashed across her face. 
Brianna was walking inch by inch in front of her. It was obvious Karyn was escorting her out of the store. The three men, all dressed in smart suits, followed directly behind the women. All in a single file. 
Wow. They looked like the men in black, for sure.
One man pulled a key from deep within his pocket and locked the door to Brianna’s store. The other one grabbed Brianna by the arm and escorted her to the black car sandwiched in the middle. Her face was painted with a scowl unlike any I’d ever seen. Luckily, she never looked over in my direction.
Karyn skipped across the street and pushed on the old door, entering Book Nook. As she strolled toward me, I noticed her suit fit her perfectly. No doubt it was tailor-made just for her. I wished I could afford such luxuries. I’d have to sell a lot of books for that. Karyn’s delicate perfume lingered lightly around the space as she stood in front of me. 
“Hi, Karyn. How are you?”
“Hi, Larue. I’m all right, considering the circumstances. I guess you saw Brianna?” Her blue eyes matched her suit flawlessly.
“I did. What are you all doing to her? Is she going to jail or something?”
“We’re giving her the option of leaving town. We certainly don’t want her kind here. We’ll make it easy on her and let her choose where she wants to go. If not, we’ll choose for her.”
I had no idea they had that kind of power. Had they been running Magnolia like that all my life? I made a mental note to never cross them. I wondered exactly how much influence Karyn had in town. Exactly how many people were involved in this coven?
“Wow, I’m not sure what to say. Thank you again for helping me. I shudder to think what would have happened if not for you.”
“Thank you for finding me and making me aware of the situation. We couldn’t have helped him without you. By the way, how did you find me?”
On no, I was afraid she was going to ask me that. How was I going to explain? An old dead woman told me. Of all people, I knew she would understand, but I wasn’t ready to tell her just yet. I wanted to wait until just the right time.
“I heard about you through the grapevine. I can’t remember exactly.”
That earned me a narrowed eye gaze.
She paused. Luckily, she didn’t press for more details. “Well, I’d better get out of here. They’re waiting for me.” She glanced out the window to the waiting cars. Tinted windows prevented insight into what was going on inside the vehicles.
I was afraid to ask who they were.
I nodded. “Sure, I understand completely. Thanks again for everything.”
“We’ll talk soon.” She reached over and hugged me lightly.
“Bye.” I said, as I hugged her back. 
I wasn’t sure what she wanted to talk about, other than maybe witchcraft. However, maybe she was just being friendly. I shouldn’t read too much into every word someone said.
Later that morning, I had just finished stacking the new-releases display when Mindy bounced through the door. She was in her usual workout attire, which thankfully didn’t include pasties. Just a Juicy Couture set.
“How are you feeling on this glorious morning?” she said as she plopped down on the leather chair. She’d better not ask me to join another class.
“No,” I barked, turning toward the counter.
“What? I just asked how you were this morning,” she said coyly. Showing me her innocent doe-eyed look.
I eyed her suspiciously. “And you expect me to believe that?”
She jiggled her head up and down. “Yes, I do.”
“I know what this is about, and the answer is no. Capital N. Capital O.”
“How do you know? You don’t know me like you think you do. I’m a very complex person.”
“After all these years, I do know you. I can read you like a book,” I said, and then giggled as I set down the book I was holding.
“One more time?” 
“You keep saying that. And then bam, you ask again, and the next thing I know I’m twirling on a pole, bruising the heck out of my butt. Not to mention the other areas I didn’t know that even possessed muscles.”
She twisted her blond curls around her finger and stared at me. Contemplating what I’d just said. After a minute in thought, she said, “You enjoyed yourself, admit it.”
I hesitated, and then said, “I guess it was a little fun. But incredibly embarrassing.”
“It’s not that embarrassing. You’re just being overly dramatic. No one even sees you.”
“Sure they do! I mean, did you have to rent a building with windows for walls?” I studied her. “I’ll think about it, all right?”
“Okay, I’ll take that,” Mindy chirped. She sat her purse down next to her and glanced around. “Wait a minute.” She held out her hands in a ‘stop’ position. “I just noticed something. Why aren’t you talking to thin air?” Mindy laughed. 
“They’re gone.” I smiled. 
“Gone? As in not here anymore?” 
“Yes, as in not here anymore.” 
“What happened?” 
“After I broke the spell, I guess they were ready to go.” I shrugged. “I don’t think that was the reason they stuck around in the first place, but I guess after a while they realized they’d be better off if they left, once they knew Callahan was all right.” 
“I’m shocked. I mean, that’s great.”
“Yeah, it’s weird to have them gone. As soon as things were good with me again, poof they were gone. Maybe that really was what they wanted all along, except for Mrs. Williams of course. That old hen wasn’t going anywhere until I finally talked to her husband.” 
“So you talked to him?” 
“Yes, finally I talked to him.” 
“What did he say?” 
“Well, of course, at first, he thought I was crazy. If I were in his position I’d probably feel the same way. He was somewhat angry with me. I thought he might throw me off his front porch, but then his wife had me tell him something that only the two of them knew. So I think he believed me after that. I’m just glad it’s all over with. She was a real pain in the ass. I was worried I might lose all of my customers because of her. I do miss having someone to chat with, though.” I felt my stomach twist with a sadness I hadn’t expected to pop up.
“So have you talked to him yet?” 
I took a deep breath before I spoke. “No. I watched when Karyn came for Brianna, but Callahan was nowhere in sight. He hasn’t opened his shop yet today, either.”
“I hope he’s all right.”
“Me too. Maybe he decided to get the heck out of this crazy town.”
“I wouldn’t blame him if he did. So, tell me every tiny detail of what happened when they came for Brianna. I would have given anything to be here when it went down.”
“Well…”
The bell chimed, echoing the slight tinkle sound throughout the building. I couldn’t see who’d entered from where I stood, so I glanced over at Mindy for an answer. 
She just smiled warmly at me and said, “Speak of the devil. I’ll see you later.” 
I shot her a confused look. Surely she didn’t mean Brianna was there. 
Mindy reached for her purse, stood, waved goodbye and then turned toward the door to leave. 
“Hi.” I heard the husky voice, and I hurriedly popped my head around the corner. 
“Thank you for everything. I don’t know what I would have done without you.” Callahan said. He was standing there with that amazing smile that I hadn’t seen for quite some time. It was the smile that had been there the first day I’d met him, and again on the three dates we’d so happily shared. 
In that moment, I knew he was back. Returned from whatever strange world Brianna had sent him to. The bizarre look in his eyes had disappeared and the sparkle that had so easily radiated from him had replaced it.
He stood close to a display table with his hands shoved in his jeans pockets. His smile eased into a shy grin. 
“Oh, hi.” I felt the heat rise in my cheeks. I was embarrassed. I’d gone through a lot for the guy, and I really couldn’t explain why. Other than I felt I was doing the right thing, somehow saving him from a miserable life with Brianna.
“Can we start over? Pretend this never happened?” he said, gazing down at the floor. 
I could tell he was embarrassed.
“You know, I don’t think we have to pretend it never happened. It was a lesson learned, that’s all.” 
I moved from around the counter and walked closer to him.
“Yeah, I guess you’re right. I’ll know not to drink something anyone gives me without asking if it’s a love spell first.”
I laughed. “So you know what happened to you then?”
“Yes, I spoke with Karyn. I woke up from it last night, and I felt as if I’d been asleep for days. I don’t remember much of what happened.”
“You’re lucky you don’t remember,” I smiled.
“How about dinner tonight?”
I couldn’t stop myself from giving him a huge smile. I really didn’t care if my feelings for him were obvious. What harm could come from just being myself? But then, I also knew that being myself in front of him meant I’d have to tell him about the dead people, too. 
I wouldn’t know how to begin to tell him, though. When was the right time to tell someone that you talk to dead people?
“I’d love to have dinner with you.”
A new start, a new chance for us. I didn’t know what it would bring, but I was glad I had the opportunity to find out without any evil standing in the way.
*

My doorbell rang and I took in a deep breath. I stole one last glance at the mirror, checked my teeth for lipstick and headed for the front door. Callahan was standing there, looking as handsome as ever, wearing his jeans and casual button-down shirt. His hair tousled in all the right places. 
As I stepped out onto the sidewalk and we walked toward the driveway, I noticed Callahan’s in-need-of-a-wash car. There was an elderly man in the backseat. The thing was, though… he was dead. Fortunately, I realized right away he wasn’t living, because I could see the other side of the car right through him. As Callahan hurried me to his car I knew that he had no idea someone was sitting back there. 
I looked at the spry-looking man and he immediately tipped his fedora at me and said, “The name’s Seth Weiss. I’m Callahan’s grandfather.” 
He was so lively I wondered how could he possibly be dead—I bet he’d put up a fight before he left this world. Seth eyed me up and down, and then let out a low whistle. 
Finally he said, “You sure are a pretty young thing.” 
I bit my lip and tried to keep from chuckling. 
Callahan had no clue we had a chaperone for our date.
I slipped into his car, resisting the urge to write wash me in the dirt on the side with my finger. When Callahan jumped in, I could feel the energy that zinged between us. 
Seth said, “You two make a great couple.” 
As I shot a side glance back to Seth and he winked, I knew then that it was going to be one heck of a date. 
Callahan steered through the streets, glancing over at me every few seconds with an eager grin on his face.
“How are you? I mean how does it feel to be a zombie?” I asked with a chuckle.
He laughed. “Strange. Feeling like a zombie feels very strange. I’m great now, though. No more zombie.” He looked at me, but he had a more impish gleam in his eyes that made my stomach dance.
As we neared the restaurant Callahan slowed, pulled his car into the parking lot and then turned off the ignition. 
He reached for his door, looked at me and said, “Stay right there. I’ll open the door for you.” 
Before he could open his door my phone rang loudly, and I knew instantly that meant trouble. I wasn’t sure how I knew, but somehow I did. The caller id displayed a number I knew well, and I knew they would only call me if it were an absolute emergency. 
My throat tightened and I said nervously, “I’m so sorry. Do you mind if I take this call? I’ll only be a second.” 
“No, please take it. It doesn’t bother me.” He smiled. 
Flipping open my phone anxiously, I said, “Hello?”
“Larue,” gasped the voice on the other end. “We need you to come help us, now!” 
I wondered if Callahan could hear the voice booming through my phone. 
“I’m on a date. Can’t it wait?” I whispered as if Callahan couldn’t hear me.
“I’m afraid it can’t. It’s a serious situation.”
I glanced over at Callahan, who was watching me intently.
“Bring him with you,” the male voice said hurriedly.
As I continued eyeing Callahan I said, “I don’t think that’s such a good idea.”
“What’s not a good idea?” Callahan asked, obviously aware I was talking about him. His blue eyes were melting me as I looked at them.
“Someone needs me to come and help them. I told them I can’t make it,” I said, covering the phone while I advised him of the situation.
“Don’t be silly, I’ll take you. Where is it?”
“About an hour away. I’m not sure it’s such a good idea right now.” I frowned.
“Of course it is. Any friend of yours is a friend of mine. And if they need your help then we should go.”
I hesitated and stared at Callahan, who was eyeing me patiently. I didn’t know what to do. They needed me and my urge to help them was overpowering. But Callahan had no idea what he was getting himself into by agreeing to take me. I paused for a minute then finally gave in.
“All right. We’ll be there,” I said hesitantly into the phone.
I couldn’t let this person down. Not after they had helped me so often when I was in trouble. I clicked off the phone and looked at Callahan.
“What do they need your help with?” He asked as he turned the ignition to his car on again.
“Well…” I paused, putting my phone back into my purse to stall for a chance to come up with an answer. Think quick. I doubted he would believe it was a book-related emergency.
“Which direction do I need to go anyway?” 
He was taking me wherever I needed to go, with no idea what he was volunteering to do. And he didn’t have to do that. But he was. 
“Point me in the right direction and we’re on our way.” Callahan whipped his car out of the parking space.
If I’d told him where we were headed, he might have changed his mind right away and we wouldn’t be going after all. He might screech the car to a halt, sling open the car door and sit me out on the curb. 
“Turn left here,” I said pointing to the street. 
He whizzed the car onto the street. His biceps flexed as he turned the wheel. Damn, he was sexy. 
“So, now tell me where we are going.” 
The moment had arrived, no turning back. My heart pounded. I had to tell him.
As the words flowed off my tongue I was nervous. “Well. You see...” I took a deep breath. Here goes. 
“I’m a ghost hunter and I get rid of ghosts for people,” I spewed out hurriedly. 
Nothing, I knew it. He was silent. Finally I had gotten another date with him and in a flash I’d ruined it within five minutes. 
“You’re kidding? I love ghosts. I’ve always been fascinated with the paranormal. Of course, now I’m a little nervous about witchcraft.” He laughed. 
What? I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. God must be smiling down on me today. 
“So tell me, what do you do to get rid of ghosts? How do they need your help tonight? Sorry if it’s so many questions, I just think it’s fascinating. I watch Ghost Hunters on TV all the time. Do you do what they do?” 
“Yeah, I do that. And more.” He had no idea how much more. 
“You should have told me sooner.” 
“Well, you were kind of out of it for a while there.” I laughed. 
He chuckled. “True. Good point.”
I laughed at his enthusiasm. 
He was looking at me with a curious expression, as if all of a sudden I was somehow mysterious to him. Maybe I should have told him sooner, but I’d never guessed he’d be that excited. Then came the hard part of telling him we were going to chase a demon. 
“Well, this seems to be a not-so-friendly ghost, not exactly Casper-the-friendly-ghost if you know what I mean. And…” I paused. “I have to help get rid of a demon.” 
His eyes widened. “A demon?” 
“It won’t be pleasant—I can guarantee you’ll feel exhausted when we leave, but it’ll be an experience like none you’ve ever had. If you’re up for it that is?” 
“I’m game,” he said eagerly. 
I couldn’t help but smile at his boyish excitement. All that time I’d been worried about what he would think of me. Of course, I didn’t explain to him yet that I could see ghosts and talk to them. No, I’d save that for later. There was only so much I wanted to lay on him in one night. 
“This should be interesting,” Seth said from the backseat.
Read the first two chapters of Larue’s next adventure: Ghouls Night Out
Chapter One
Nothing says romance like taking your date with you to exorcise a house. Candlelit dinners, flowers, and demons….yes, going to a movie and dinner was far too normal for me. I had to be different. No wonder I hardly ever had a date.
“Are you sure this is safe?” Callahan slid out from behind the steering wheel.
I jumped out from the passenger seat of his car and hurried over to the sidewalk. Callahan locked his car, then joined me in front of the steps.
“Define safe?” I asked, while staring at the house. “Will we make it out alive? Probably. Will you see things that will make you question everything you ever believed in? Most definitely.” I glanced over to gauge his reaction.
Callahan’s blue eyes widened, then he furrowed his brow. I didn’t need psychic ability to know he wondered what kind of mess he’d gotten himself into.
We stared at the house from the sidewalk—a secure distance. At least no spirits had followed me. Well, I take that back…Callahan’s sweet, dearly departed grandfather sat in the backseat of his car. But he’d refused to get out and join us. He wanted nothing to do with evil spirits. Callahan had no idea his grandfather had tagged along for our date. I’d just gotten rid of a slew of unwanted spirit hangers-on when he showed up. My work was never done. Yeah, I talked to the dead. Just like Melinda in that Ghost Whisperer show. My current dilemma? My date had no idea I had intuitive abilities. Ghost hunting, yes. Talking to ghosts…not so much.
Ghosts had been popping up in my life ever since I’d been a child. No need to watch Casper when I was a kid, I had my own real-life version. These were random spirits, too. I never knew who’d show up. From Hollywood celebrities to next-door neighbors—they all had unfinished business, or just didn’t know they’d expired. Either way, I’d made it my mission to help them. Not that I had much choice; they wouldn’t leave me alone.
“I have holy water, a cross, my Bible, and rosary beads.” I pulled the necklace from my pocket. “If I have to, I’ll call a priest.” 
“A priest? Holy...” He glanced at me again, then back at the ranch style home.
“Exactly. Come on, let’s go.” I looped my arm through his and led him down the path to the porch. The feel of his hard, muscular arm made my stomach flip-flop. Touching him set off tiny fireworks in the pit of my stomach. Too bad it wasn’t under different circumstances, though. He looked so handsome in his jeans and blue casual button-down shirt. His hair tousled in all the right places.
The house appeared as any ordinary home—a one-story brick with red shutters and neatly trimmed hedges. Similar houses surrounded it on the cul-de-sac. Not the typical image that came to mind when the words haunted house were mentioned.
I reluctantly let go of Callahan’s arm (not an easy feat), stepped past the display of pumpkins up onto the small porch, and made my way to the bright red door. The cheerful color did nothing to ease my fear. Sure, I still had fear on an investigation…I was only human. Evil waited for us on the other side of that entrance. I’d been in more than my share of haunted houses, but apprehension never eluded me. Needless to say, demons were always the toughest part of my job.
Callahan stood behind me—his heavy breathing loud against the quiet night air. I wasn’t sure how it had worked out this way, but my hot date for the evening was actually on a paranormal investigation with me. Typically, I go alone, or with a handful of colleagues. No doubt when Callahan had asked me out, he hadn’t bargained for fighting evil spirits. The aforementioned dinner and a movie, maybe, exorcising the devil…save that for the one-month anniversary.
Raising my fist, I hesitated, then pounded on the door, holding my breath out of sheer habit—anxiety had that effect on me. You’d think I’d be used to this sort of thing by now; I’d been a ghost hunter for three years. I attracted ghosts like a bug zapper attracted mosquitoes. Callahan’s breathing increased. His apprehension zinged around us—I felt it. He was like a coiled spring. 
When I envisioned his sweet breath in my ear, it hadn’t been like this. Sitting in front of a crackling fire with a glass of wine was more what I’d had in mind. I glanced over my shoulder at him. He smiled half-heartedly, then placed his hand on my back and puffed out his muscular chest. How sweet was he?—the brave macho guy. Men needed to prove themselves that way, I guess. Why, I’d never know. My best friend Mindy Winters told me to stop trying to figure out the male mind. She said a man’s brain was simple, and that’s what made it complex. She was full of sage advice. Or just full of it, whichever.
From the other side of the door, the clomp-clomp of loud footsteps echoed. Callahan met my gaze once again. His lips opened slightly, as if he wanted to speak, but he remained silent. A few loud clangs and muffled speech seeped through the door, then it whipped open. I stumbled back, and Callahan grabbed my arm, steadying me.
One of my dearest friends, Mark Pendleton, stood in front of us—we’d met a few years ago on a historic ghost tour. I’d helped him out of a few scary situations with evil spirits over the past couple years. Mark had a real knack for attracting the mean ones; much more than I did. Poor guy. Apparently, this was another one of those occasions.
 Earlier in the evening, just as Callahan and I had prepared to sit down for a lovely dinner, my cell phone rang. Mark needed my help. What choice did I have but to lend a hand? He would have done the same for me. Luckily, Callahan understood—or so he said—and even wanted to trail along. A decision he may now regret. 
“Hi, Larue. Thanks for coming,” Mark said. Darkness circled his eyes. He ran his hand through his disheveled chestnut-colored hair.
“What’s going on?” I asked, glancing over his shoulder into the house. 
A small lamp on a console table provided a faint glow in the foyer. The house was neat, with warm, inviting colors, but the unmistakable sulfur odor that hung in the air wasn’t so welcoming. 

Chapter Two
“Please, come in.” He gestured with a sweep of his arm, then stuffed his hands in the front pockets of his wrinkled jeans.
Before moving forward, I glanced at Callahan. He looked as if he might decline the invitation, but ultimately followed me into the deceivingly cozy house. We trailed Mark through the foyer and into the room to our right. The living room was ghost hunters central with the usual equipment spread across the area. Instead of the typical half dozen investigators, it was just Mark and Dallas. 
“Hey, Dallas.” I waved.
“Thank God you’re finally here, Larue.” He ran his hand through his ginger-colored hair and let out a pent-up breath. His large shoulders slumped over as if the tension weighed them down.
“No offense, guys, but you look like crap,” I said.
“None taken, I guess.” Dallas attempted a half-hearted grin.
“Dallas, this is Callahan. Callahan, Dallas.” They shook hands.
Mark sat on the arm of the sofa, then folded his arms in front of his chest. “We don’t know exactly what we’re dealing with here. When we started this investigation, it seemed like any other. As normal as a haunting can be, you know?” 
I nodded. “Yeah, ‘normal.’” I made air quotes with my fingers.
“Then things turned ugly, quickly.” He picked up an electrical cord and moved it out of Callahan’s way. “You remember Stacey?” Mark asked.
“Yes, bubbly redhead, right?” I asked.
“Yeah.” He nodded. “When she got here, things started going crazy. Objects were thrown around the room, even religious items. People were being pushed and scratched. We captured some great evidence, but things have escalated, so we stopped until you could get here.” 
I cast a quick look at Callahan to determine his reaction. He was wide-eyed and focused on both of us. He had no idea I talked to the dead. Heck, he’d only just found out I was a ghost hunter earlier in the evening.
 “Well, obviously it sounds demonic with the attacks and the throwing around of religious items. I suspect they opened up a portal with a Quija board. We’ll have to somehow close it if we ever want the family to have peace.”
“A portal?” Callahan gave an incredulous look.
“Yes.” I shook my head. “Portals to the other side. A lot of hauntings have them. A portal between the physical plane and the spiritual plane—sort of like a doorway between both worlds.”
The energy from a presence zinged around me. A spirit was in the room with me. The eerie force of something supernatural encircled me.
Ugh. I thought he said he was staying in the car. 
“I’m really glad Callahan found a doll like you.” Callahan’s grandfather, Seth Weiss, leaned against his cane. He beamed at his grandson. “But this is some date, I must say. When Callahan was a little tyke, he was afraid of his own shadow, now look at the lad. He slept with that ridiculous night-light until he was twelve.” 
If Callahan knew his grandfather had followed us on our date and was now sharing embarrassing childhood stories, he would probably want to crawl in a hole and hide for a very long time. Seth had popped up in the backseat of Callahan’s car when he’d picked me up for our date. He seemed to be quite content on following us around. 
Callahan looked at me expectantly, making responding to Seth impossible. How was I going to continue to hide my ability to speak with the dead from him? After all, that was the whole reason Mark had called me on this investigation. 
“So, can you help, Larue?” Mark asked.
“I’ll need to explore the home alone if y’all don’t mind?” I looked from Mark to Callahan.
I prayed Mark took the hint. That was my sneaky attempt at getting Callahan to stay behind. He didn’t need to see me talking to an empty room. Not yet. It was a special skill that needed to be announced at just the right time. Like on our fiftieth wedding anniversary. Wishful thinking on my part, sure, but a girl can dream.
“Are you sure it’s safe?” Callahan placed his hand on my arm.
After what he’d gone through, I couldn’t blame him for feeling uneasy with the supernatural. Callahan had just escaped a horrible magic spell cast upon him by a not-so-nice witch, Brianna Garret. Some might go as far as to call her a bitch. But you didn’t hear me that from me. She wanted him in the worst way—along with setting her sights on every other man in town. She had stopped at nothing to get him, but with a little help from my dead friends, and the local coven, I had saved him from the horrible fate of a life with Brianna.
And it would have been dreadful —listening to her whine about every minuscule detail of life. I guess you could say he owed me, not that I thought he did, though. Maybe that’s why he felt obligated to tag along on this crazy adventure. The ghosts hanging around all the time thing was sometimes annoying, but other times it worked out kind of nice—like when they helped me rescue Callahan. 
All eyes were on me. The only noise was the heavy breathing from Callahan, and Mark’s pacing. If spirits were in the place, they were hiding, perhaps waiting for the perfect time to jump out. 
“Larue, I really don’t think you should do something like this by yourself. At least let me walk around with you.” Callahan frowned.
Callahan trailing me into the unknown spirit world was the last thing I needed. He was the one I was trying to avoid. 
“That’s very sweet of you. I know you want to help, but I need to do this alone.” I placed my hand on his strong arm and squeezed. 
Wowza, did that feel good. 
Callahan narrowed his eyebrows and ran his hand through his thick black hair. He let out a deep breath, but his face remained tense. 
“Trust me. I’ve been doing this for quite some time now. I can handle myself just fine.” 
“I don’t like this, something doesn’t feel right,” Seth said from over my shoulder.
The air in the room had changed. It was as if we stood in the middle of emotional molasses; trying to breathe that thick mess was impossible. Something would happen soon. The warning inched down my spine. No matter what happened, I wanted to shield Callahan from the evil spirits. Don’t get me wrong, Callahan was a big strapping man and looked as if he could handle his own, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous for him.
“I’ll be fine,” I reassured Callahan…and Seth, too, only Callahan didn’t know. 
He regarded me through his long-lashed blue eyes, but didn’t utter another protest. I turned and walked toward the hallway. Before stepping into the dimly lit area, I peered down the length of the space. Off to the right a doorway led into the kitchen, then the small dining room and farther down I assumed were the bedrooms. 
I’d check the bedrooms first. In my experience, the most activity took place in the bedrooms. Emotions could be heavy in the boudoir, so it didn’t surprise me when energy became trapped there. I started down the hall, then paused to listen. Footsteps echoed off the walls, but the sound didn’t come from the guys in the living room. No, the footfalls sounded as if they’d come from the bedroom directly in front of me. I inched down the rest of the way with my back pressed against the wall. When I reached the door, I paused. A presence emanated from over my shoulder.
I turned around to find Seth behind me. He stepped to my side, then stopped. His shoulder brushed mine; the cold misty sensation sent chills down my arm. I looked at him, but didn’t speak. He remained quiet, too. It wasn’t as if I could tell my date’s grandfather to get lost. Talk about rude. 
I pulled my digital recorder from my pocket, turned it on, then put it back in my pocket, just in case the ghosts were shy. They could talk to the recorder instead of me. Ghosts said the darnest things sometimes. I reached for the doorknob, then twisted.
Pushing the door open, I poked my head in. My hand flew to my mouth, stifling my gasp. If Callahan heard me, he’d have run to find me. Bringing him on this investigation was a better plan in theory…in reality, I wasn’t sure it was working out so well.
A spirit stood in the middle of the room, as plain as any human, with more curves than an hourglass collection— an ample bosom and shapely hips. 
Mae West. Yes, that Mae West. I’d recognize her anywhere.

Continue reading and purchase Book 2 of the Larue Donovan series, Ghouls Night Out HERE


Book 1 of the Halloween LaVeau Series: Forever Charmed

Please read the first chapter of this yet to be released novel…
Chapter One
My mother had been downright giddy when I was born on Halloween night. It was honestly like she’d won the supernatural lottery. She’d even named me Halloween, as if Halloween LaVeau was an easy name to walk around with. I guess she figured having that auspicious birth date meant my witchcraft talents would be extra special. That I would boost her social status by out-magicking all of the other witches in Enchantment Pointe.  Unfortunately for her—not to mention for me—my skills were nothing to get excited over. In fact they were far from spectacular. 
Whatever. I’d always been fine with my so-so magic. Never mind that the local coven had published a pamphlet based on my life entitled “How to Screw Up Witchcraft in Ten Days or Less.” Even my mother had done her best to hide her disappointment. She ignored my botched potions and substandard spell casting until, at the age of fourteen, my painful lack of talent could no longer be brushed under the magical rug. 
That was around the time I’d got mixed up in a minor cupcake related incident involving a partially destroyed kitchen and a couple singed eyebrows. My mother’s eyebrows, to be specific. She has to pencil them in to this day, bless her heart. I tried to remind her of the bright side of being eyebrow-free—she never had to use tweezers again—but apparently this wasn’t much consolation.
Despite my witchy failings, my life had been kind of normal, some might even say out-and-out boring. I attended school with the nonmagical townsfolk, and went to my high school prom with a date conjured up by my mother who turned back into a garden gnome the minute my curfew was up. All things considered, I had a fairly typical upbringing. 
But my boring days were over when I inherited LaVeau Manor.
Several months ago, at the young age of one hundred and twenty, my great aunt Maddy LaVeau had left this world. She had no children, other than the cat that now owned me, and she’d left a mysterious message in her will about me “taking my place in the world.” Apparently, that “place” required owning her creepy old manor. 
It was my mother’s idea to turn the place into a Bed and Breakfast. “Who knows, maybe you’ll snag yourself a husband,” she’d said. She was always trying to snag me a husband, with little success (her prospects were generally warlocky and covered in warts). I’d assisted in her Bewitching Bath and Potions Shop for many years and she returned the favor by helping me establish my little venture, getting both the licenses from the state and approval from the Coven board who were always sticking their nosy wands into everything.
No matter how imposing and eerie the mansion was, I was thrilled to finally have a place of my own. I’d spent days exploring the various rooms, studying the intricate details, the tall ceilings, and stunning hardwood floors. The Manor had been built by my great, great, great grandfather, a famed alchemist within the witchcraft world. Stories about him had been passed down through the generations, how he just disappeared one day, never to be heard from again. Rumors still floated around town that he was buried in the basement, or his old bones stashed away in a trunk in the attic.
By my third week as mistress of my new home, I’d already cleared out most of Aunt Maddy’s things, saving that spooky attic for last. But with my bed and breakfast about to officially open for business, I could put it off no longer. 
That afternoon, I began my ascent up the staircase which led to the upper floor of the manor. Each step was steep and narrow, and creaked auspiciously under my feet. I turned the antique knob and the door creaked open. After taking a deep breath, and blowing it out, I stepped inside the space. The attic was surprisingly empty. It was dim, illuminated only by the small window on the wall across from me. A stream of sunlight shone through, highlighting the old, scratched floor. Shadows lingered in the corners, waiting to jump out. I looked around for a light switch, but that was an upgrade Aunt Maddy had neglected to add. As I knocked a cobweb out of my way and moved further into the room, dust motes floated through the sunbeam. I gave the window a good heave to air out the musty smell. 
It was early autumn, the days warm in the middle, but crisp around the edges. A breeze wafted into the room, carrying the scent of damp soil and burnt leaves. Drooping branches from the tall oak trees shaded the back lawn, and beyond that, the river lay a few hundred feet away. A raven took flight from the treetop, drifting across the sky in rhythm with the water below. The flap of its wings and caws floated across the air. I looked down, watching the river run steadily past. Beneath one of the oak trees, sat a small family cemetery enclosed by a black wrought-iron fence.
The sun dipped toward the horizon, the last faint color of the day lingering in the sky. It would be dark soon, and I needed to sort through the old boxes and get back downstairs before my imagination about discovering my great, great, great grandfather’s bones got the better of me. Instinctively, I looked around for the old trunk. 
Three boxes formed a neat stack to my left and a couple of brown vintage suitcases set to the right. An old wingback chair with a bureau pushed up next to it took up space at the back of the room. I’d have to find someone to help carry them down. After popping open the suitcases, I sifted through their contents. One contained what I assumed was my great aunt’s clothing, velvet and satin with lots of feathers. The other held hundreds of postcards from around the world, some blank and others from people I’d never heard of, addressed to her with indecipherable personal greetings. The boxes were full of old books, dishes, and stuffed animals. She was eccentric like that. 
I stacked everything up ready to take it downstairs and started to move toward the door, when something stopped me. I wasn’t sure what that something was, but I felt my feet frozen to the spot. A strange force seemed to compel me to look to my left. Out of corner of my eye, I spotted it. An old book, stashed behind a beam. Without waiting for my brain to command them, my feet carried me to it, a peculiar power pulling me to the mysterious tome. 
I plucked the heavy volume from its hidden location and blew the dust from the stained and weathered cover. Fear placed its icy arms around me, and cold shivered up my spine when I touched the leather binding. My heart rate increased. A panic attack, I thought. Inheriting the house was a big undertaking and the anxiety had caught up with me, that was all. Goosebumps emerged on my arms.
As I held the book, a dark sensation, evil just beyond its edge, nagged at the boundaries of my thoughts. But I couldn’t release my grip. I opened the cover and a rich scent of leather stirred in the air around me. An unrecognizable foreign language covered the thick, yellowed pages, not French, definitely not Spanish. With each flipped page, my fingers tingled. Nothing about the book’s contents offered a clue as to what it was about, no owner’s name inside or even initials, but the symbol on the front was strangely familiar: a twisted knot circled by fancy scrolling. Had I seen it before in my mother’s Book of Shadows? If this was a spell book, it was unlike any I had seen before. 
“Anyone home?” a familiar singsong voice called out.
I jumped three feet in the air, almost tossing the book across the room. I slammed it shut, as if I’d been caught reading someone’s diary.
“I’m in the attic. Come on up.” My voice wavered. I’d forgotten my friend Annabelle had agreed to stop by. 
 “There’s no way in hell I’m coming up there! It’s creepy. You come on down here.” 
I rolled my eyes. It had been all I could do to convince Annabelle to come over in the first place. She thought for sure the house was haunted. Even so, I told her, ghosts wouldn’t hurt her. But being non-magical, she got a little on edge when around the supernatural and she wasn’t buying my reassurances.
“I’ll be right down,” I called back.
I tucked the book under my arm and made my way to the door. With my hand on the knob, I paused and looked back, sure that I’d heard footfalls behind me. 
Now Annabelle’s paranoia was getting the better of me.
My best friend stood at the bottom of the stairs, peering up at me with wide, mascara-rimmed blue eyes.
“I don’t know how you can live in this place all by yourself. At least get another cat or ten, for heaven’s sake.” She looked around for my black cat, Pluto. He’d been scarce since the first day at LaVeau Manor.
“Great, so then I can officially be the weird cat lady in the big old, creepy house.” I moved down the first few steps.
“Okay, how about a dog?” she asked with hope in her eyes. Annabelle was obsessed with animals. She had two dogs, three cats, a hamster, and too many fish to count. I’d had to stop her from getting a monkey. When I’d told her about the diaper changing she’d changed her mind right away. 
I nodded. “Fine. Maybe a dog, but I doubt Pluto will take too kindly to a new resident.”
“What are you doing up there all by yourself, anyway?” She gestured with a tilt of her head. “I’d be afraid I’d get trapped and never get out.”
“I wanted to know what was up there,” I said.
“A trunk full of bones, that’s what’s up there.” She rubbed her arms, warding off a shiver.
I made my way to the last step of the wide, winding staircase. “Sorry to foil the urban legend, but I found no trunk, no bones. Just a bunch of old crap.” 
“This place is the epitome of creepiness. I could have sworn I saw a man standing on the front porch when I pulled into the driveway.” Annabelle looked over her shoulder toward the front door.
A bang echoed through the foyer and Annabelle screeched, wrapping her arms around my neck.
“Oh my, God, we’re going to die!” 

Click HERE to join Rose’s New Release Newsletter to be notified when Forever Charmed is available, mid-March 2013.

Rose Pressey’s Complete Bookshelf (click title to preview/buy)

The Rylie Cruz Series:
Book 1 – How to Date a Werewolf 
Book 2 – How to Date a Vampire
Book 3 – How to Date a Demon 
The Larue Donovan Series:
Book 1 – Me and My Ghoulfriends
Book 2 – Ghouls Night Out
Book 3 – The Ghoul Next Door
The Mystic Café Series:
Book 1 – No Shoes, No Shirt, No Spells
Book 2 – Pies and Potions
The Veronica Mason Series:
Book 1 – Rock ‘n’ Roll is Undead
A Trash to Treasure Crafting Mystery:
Book 1 – Murder at Honeysuckle Hotel
The Haunted Renovation Mystery Series:
Book 1 – Flip that Haunted House
Book 2 – The Haunted Fixer Upper






About Rose Pressey

Rose Pressey enjoys writing quirky and fun novels with a paranormal twist. The paranormal has always captured her interest. The thought of finding answers to the unexplained fascinates her.
When she's not writing about werewolves, vampires and every other supernatural creature, she loves eating cupcakes with sprinkles, reading, spending time with family, and listening to oldies from the fifties.
Rose lives in the beautiful commonwealth of Kentucky with her husband, son and three sassy Chihuahuas.

Visit her online at:
http://www.rosepressey.com
http://www.facebook.com/rosepressey
http://www.twitter.com/rosepressey

Rose loves to hear from readers. You can email her at: rose@rosepressey.com
Receive updates on new releases from Rose by signing up for her newsletter.

Forever Charmed--Chapter One
My mother had been downright giddy when I was born on Halloween night. It was honestly like she’d won the supernatural lottery. She’d even named me Halloween, as if Halloween LaVeau was an easy name to walk around with. I guess she figured having that auspicious birth date meant my witchcraft talents would be extra special. That I would boost her social status by out-magicking all of the other witches in Enchantment Pointe. Unfortunately for her—not to mention for me—my skills were nothing to get excited over. In fact they were far from spectacular.  
Whatever. I’d always been fine with my so-so magic. Never mind that the local coven had published a pamphlet based on my life entitled How to Screw Up Witchcraft in Ten Days or Less. Even my mother had done her best to hide her disappointment. She ignored my botched potions and substandard spell-casting until, at the age of fourteen, my painful lack of talent could no longer be brushed under the magical rug. 
That was around the time I’d got mixed up in a minor cupcake-related incident involving a partially destroyed kitchen and a couple singed eyebrows. My mother’s eyebrows, to be specific. She has to pencil them in to this day, bless her heart. I tried to remind her of the bright side of being eyebrow-free—she never had to use tweezers again—but apparently this wasn’t much consolation.
Despite my witchy failings, my life had been kind of normal, some might even say out-and-out boring. I attended school with the non-magical townsfolk, and went to my high-school prom with a date conjured up by my mother who turned back into a garden gnome the minute my curfew was up. All things considered, I had a fairly typical upbringing. 
But my boring days were over when I inherited LaVeau Manor.
Several months ago, at the young age of one hundred and twenty, my great-aunt Maddy LaVeau had left this world. She had no children, other than the cat that now owned me, and she’d left a mysterious message in her will about me “taking my place in the world.” Apparently, that “place” required owning her creepy old manor. 
It was my mother’s idea to turn the place into a bed-and-breakfast. “Who knows, maybe you’ll snag yourself a husband,” she’d said. She was always trying to snag me a husband, with little success—her prospects were generally warlocky and covered in warts. I’d assisted in her Bewitching Bath and Potions Shop for many years and she returned the favor by helping me establish my little venture, getting both the licenses from the state and approval from the Coven board who were always sticking their nosy wands into everything.
No matter how imposing and eerie the mansion was, I was thrilled to finally have a place of my own. I’d spent days exploring the various rooms, studying the intricate details, the tall ceilings, and stunning hardwood floors. The manor had been built by my great-great-great-grandfather, a famed alchemist within the witchcraft world. Stories about him had been passed down through the generations, how he just disappeared one day, never to be heard from again. Rumors still floated around town that he was buried in the basement, or his old bones stashed away in a trunk in the attic.
By my third week as mistress of my new home, I’d already cleared out most of Aunt Maddy’s things, saving that spooky attic for last. But with my bed-and-breakfast about to officially open for business, I could put it off no longer. 
That afternoon, I began my ascent up the staircase which led to the upper floor of the manor. Each step was steep and narrow, and creaked ominously under my feet. I turned the antique knob and the door creaked open. After taking a deep breath and blowing it out, I stepped inside the space. The attic was surprisingly empty. It was dim, illuminated only by the small window on the wall across from me. A stream of sunlight shone through, highlighting the old, scratched floor. Shadows lingered in the corners, waiting to jump out. I looked around for a light switch, but that was an upgrade Aunt Maddy had neglected to add. As I knocked a cobweb out of my way and moved further into the room, dust motes floated through the sunbeam. I gave the window a good heave to air out the musty smell. 
It was early autumn, the days warm in the middle, but crisp around the edges. A breeze wafted into the room, carrying the scent of damp soil and burnt leaves. Drooping branches from the tall oak trees shaded the back lawn, and beyond that, the river lay a few hundred feet away. A raven took flight from the treetop, drifting across the sky in rhythm with the water below. The flap of its wings and caws floated across the air. I looked down, watching the river run steadily past. Beneath one of the oak trees sat a small family cemetery enclosed by a black wrought-iron fence.
The sun dipped toward the horizon, the last faint color of the day lingering in the sky. It would be dark soon, and I needed to sort through the old boxes and get back downstairs before my imagination about discovering my great-great-great-grandfather’s bones got the better of me. Instinctively, I looked around for the old trunk. 
Three boxes formed a neat stack to my left and a couple of brown vintage suitcases set to the right. An old wingback chair with a bureau pushed up next to it took up space at the back of the room. I’d have to find someone to help carry them down. After popping open the suitcases, I sifted through their contents. One contained what I assumed was my great-aunt’s clothing, velvet and satin with lots of feathers. The other held hundreds of postcards from around the world, some blank and others from people I’d never heard of, addressed to her with indecipherable personal greetings. The boxes were full of old books, dishes, and stuffed animals. She was eccentric like that. 
I stacked everything up ready to take it downstairs and started to move toward the door when something stopped me. I wasn’t sure what that something was, but my feet froze to the spot. A strange force compelled me to look to my left. Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted it. An old book, stashed behind a beam. My feet carried me to it, a peculiar power pulling me to the mysterious tome. 
I plucked the heavy volume from its hidden location and blew the dust from the stained and weathered cover. Fear placed its icy arms around me, and cold shivered up my spine when I touched the leather binding. My heart rate increased. A panic attack, I thought. Inheriting the house was a big undertaking and the anxiety had caught up with me, that was all. Goosebumps emerged on my arms.
As I held the book, a dark sensation, evil just beyond its edge, nagged at the boundaries of my thoughts. But I couldn’t release my grip. I opened the cover and a rich scent of leather stirred in the air around me. An unrecognizable foreign language covered the thick, yellowed pages, not French, definitely not Spanish. With each flipped page, my fingers tingled. Nothing about the book’s contents offered a clue as to what it was about, no owner’s name inside or even initials, but the symbol on the front was strangely familiar: a twisted knot circled by fancy scrolling. Had I seen it before in my mother’s Book of Shadows? If this was a spell book, it was unlike any I had seen before. 
“Anyone home?” a familiar singsong voice called out.
I jumped three feet in the air, almost tossing the book across the room. I slammed it shut, as if I’d been caught reading someone’s diary.
“I’m in the attic. Come on up.” My voice wavered. I’d forgotten my best friend Annabelle Preston had agreed to stop by. 
“There’s no way in hell I’m coming up there! It’s creepy. You come on down here.” 
I rolled my eyes. It had been all I could do to convince Annabelle to come over in the first place. She thought for sure the house was haunted. Even so, I told her, ghosts wouldn’t hurt her. But being non-magical, she got a little on edge when around the supernatural and she wasn’t buying my reassurances.
“I’ll be right down,” I called back.
I tucked the book under my arm and made my way to the door. With my hand on the knob, I paused and looked back, sure that I’d heard footfalls behind me. 
Now Annabelle’s paranoia was getting the better of me.
My best friend stood at the bottom of the stairs, peering up at me with wide, mascara-rimmed blue eyes.
“I don’t know how you can live in this place all by yourself. At least get another cat or ten, for heaven’s sake.” She looked around for my black cat, Pluto. He’d been scarce since the first day at LaVeau Manor.
“Great, so then I can officially be the weird cat lady in the big old creepy house.” I moved down the first few steps.
“Okay, how about a dog?” she asked with hope in her eyes. Annabelle was obsessed with animals. She had two dogs, three cats, a hamster, and too many fish to count. I’d had to stop her from getting a monkey. When I’d told her about the diaper-changing she’d changed her mind right away. 
I nodded. “Fine. Maybe a dog, but I doubt Pluto will take too kindly to a new resident.”
“What are you doing up there all by yourself, anyway?” She gestured with a tilt of her head. “I’d be afraid I’d get trapped and never get out.”
“I wanted to know what was up there,” I said.
“A trunk full of bones, that’s what’s up there.” She rubbed her arms, warding off a shiver.
I made my way to the last step of the wide, winding staircase. “Sorry to foil the urban legend, but I found no trunk, no bones. Just a bunch of old crap.” 
“This place is the epitome of creepiness. I could have sworn I saw a man standing on the front porch when I pulled into the driveway.” Annabelle looked over her shoulder toward the front door.
A bang echoed through the foyer and Annabelle screeched, wrapping her arms around my neck.
“Oh my God, we’re going to die!” 





