FRISBEE
BY ERIC BERGREEN


Published by Eric Bergreen at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Eric Bergreen
This ebook is licensed for you personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


METACARPAL
At 2:48a.m., the Cleanser’s eyelids jerk open, startled out of a twisted dream of loud, laughing children. Children that will never know the atrocities of life. Children that are well to do and well dressed and well fed. Children unaware of life’s tasteless punch line that burden so many adults throughout this world. Children who are clean on the outside but hurtful and dirty as sin within.
And I shall cleanse them. I am the Cleanser.
Getting dressed in a darkened room. Quietly opening and closing a bedroom door. Walking down a hallway and through the front door, out into the dark morning.
The car, a Ford, is parked at the curb in front of the house. The windshield reflects the sliver that is the moon, hanging in a starless sky like a wicked grin. With a turn of the key the vehicle roars to life, as does the Cleanser’s frenzied thoughts.
What was her name? What was it? Melanie? No. Sounds like that though. Not Melanie. But Mel- something. Mel, Mel, Melissa? Yes. That’s it. Melissa.
Flashback: Outside Jefferson Elementary School. It’s 2:45p.m. A woman is waving and facing a crowd of school children. “Melissa. Melissa,” the woman calls. “Over here sweetie.”
A young girl runs toward the woman and away from the other kids. “Mommy,” the girl calls back.
The mother and daughter hug and then head for a blue station wagon.
The Cleanser is there, watching, pretending to wait for a child, too, then gets into the Ford to follow them.
Flash: Now the station wagon is up ahead about a quarter of a mile, turning left. Turning right. Pulling up into a driveway. The house rolls slowly by as the woman and girl get out of their car and head to the font door of the house. The paint on the mailbox reads, 1402 Chalgrove.
Flash forward: Out of the memory of two days ago and back in the Ford, concentrating, driving. It will take at least ten minutes to reach the house. The family lives in El Cerrito, a small suburb of Corona.
Okay, let's see. Which way is it? Oh, yes. Take a right here, then another right, is that right? Yes. I remember now. Under the freeway here, then two streets down. Make a left and then a right. Is this it? I think… yes. Chalgrove. This is it.
Oh, God, I’m going to get you, Melissa. Show you that life isn’t about being happy. Anguish is everywhere. There is misery in this world, I know it, and I intend to share it with your parents.
How many houses down was it? Was it Chalgrove? Yes. Of course it was. It has to be. Oh, what is this… blue station wagon in the driveway.
This is it.
Driving two more houses down and parking. 
Okay. Got everything? Put the gloves on. Put the hood on. Got the flashlight? Yes. Got the Stuff? Patting a pocket. Here it is.
Let’s get the show on the road.
There are no lights on in the house.
Why should there be? It’s three in the morning. They’ll all be sleeping.
Walking up to the side gate. Then looking back out into the neighborhood to see if anyone is watching.
Don’t see anyone. Good.
Reaching over the top of the gate and finding the latch.
Click!
A little loud. Need to keep quiet. Don’t want to blow it. Wake someone up. Hope there’s not a dog back here.
Walking down the side of the house. Peeking around the corner near the chimney.
No doghouse. No water dish or food bowl. Good. Hope they don’t let Fido sleep inside.
Going around to the back. To the sliding glass door. Careful not to make any noise. Surprising how many people leave their back doors unsecured.
Please be unlocked. Please be unlocked. If it’s not I’ll have to find an open window. Might have to break it. What if it wakes the parents? Kill them? Only if I have to. Need them alive. Need them to feel the pain. The pain of loss. The pain of empty.
Need them alive, so they can feel dead. Dead like me.
Grabbing the handle of the glass door and pulling.
Nothing.
Pulling again, a little harder. Harder and harder still. Then it moves with a tiny squeak.
Yes. Just a little tight in it’s frame. Now be quiet. Just be so very quiet.
The door sliding open just enough to allow a body’s entrance.
Inside, the house is as silent as a coma. 
Waiting, standing just inside, letting the eyes adjust to the darkness. Shapes coming into focus.
Surely a dog would have sensed my presence by now and woke everyone up. Probably don’t have one. Good. Would have had to kill it too.
Eyes now adjusted properly to the gloom.
The search is on.
Walking through what appears to be a dining room. A square table to the left. Chairs at each of its four sides.
Moving along the carpeted floor a few more paces and then noticing a large black rectangle to the right. An entrance to a hallway.
Proceeding down it, keeping the left hand on the wall for guidance. Step by step. Further still. Then it suddenly ends.
Wait. Listen. Listen.
Standing in one place, tuning the ears like radar detectors. Listening. And hearing something. A low rumble.
What is that? Now it’s gone. What the- there it is again. Snoring.
 Reaching out with the right hand, slowly. Coming in contact with…
…a doorknob. And another one next to it. Double doors, closed to the master bedroom. A smile looking much like the moon outside, lights the Cleanser’s face.
Sleep tight, parents. It will be the last peaceful sleep you ever have. When you wake up, your world will be gone. Forever. And you too will dream of laughing children. Children forever out of your reach.
Pulling the small flashlight from the back pocket of the overalls. Click. Click.
The hallway is lit up for a brief moment. Not even a second. Just long enough to check the surroundings without dilating the pupils. Or alarming the parents.
There are two more doors a few paces down on the left hand side. Walking down to check the first one. If feels cool. Bending down, knees pop like shotgun blasts in the silent house. Feeling the floor.
Linoleum. A bathroom.
Shuffling farther down the hall. Checking the next door and finding it cracked open a couple of inches. A very soft, very faint glow coming from inside. Pushing it open slowly and seeing a night light by a desk. 
The Cleanser knows it’s the right room. The girl, Melissa, is fast asleep in the tiny bed.
After closing the door, but not latching it, the work begins. And it must be quick. Out comes the stuff from the top pocket. A syringe filled with thiopental–a fast acting barbiturate-glints in the weak light. The cap is removed from the end, exposing a thin, angry needle.
Pointing the sharp end up, pushing the plunger at the bottom until a quick clear stream squirts out. A drop at the point, hangs for a moment and then falls.
No air bubbles. Don’t want her dead. Yet. There will be time enough for that. Now, hurry. 
Heart racing, the left hand pulls down the comforter, then lifts the thin pink nightgown to expose the left buttock. The syringe moves forward and the needle stabs deep. The liquid rushes from the tube and enters the body of the sleeping child.
A small whimper, almost a cry, but she doesn’t wake.
Pleasestayasleeppleasestayasleeppleasestayasleep. A mantra. A prayer.
The Stuff should only take a few seconds to start working, but the Cleanser gives it a full minute just to make sure. Then bends close, and hears the child breathing. Deep breathing. 
Shaking her leg.
Shaking her head.
Picking up an arm and letting it flop back down.
Nothing. She’s out.
She was already out, but I could throw her through the window now and she wouldn’t wake up.
Don’t worry child, you’ll wake up eventually. And when you do, your pain will begin. So will mommy’s and daddy’s.
Picking up the small comatose bundle and throwing it over the left shoulder in a fireman’s carry. Moving her to the bedroom door and checking the hallway.
The snoring sound is still there, just barely audible.
Click, click, goes the flashlight one more time to find the way back out. 
Down the hall, past mom and dad, through the dining room, through the sliding glass door and back out to the side gate.
Wait. Check and make sure no one’s outside. A nosey neighbor up early in the morning or a paperboy making his rounds, someone walking their dog.
Okay, coast is clear. I hope.
Down the driveway and the sidewalk, back to the car. Putting the little girl in the back on the floorboard, the Cleanser hops in, starts up the Ford and flees to the Shelter.


PART ONE:

THE TREE


ONE
At just past six in the morning on the last Monday in June, my brother Jason and I walked out of our garage and headed for the construction site up the street from our house. The wheels on my wagon chirped like lost birds as I pulled it behind me. 
Summers in Southern California were brutal to say the least. Sometimes they were hot, at other times unbearable. Mostly they were scorching. We’ve got a saying here in Southern California: ‘Summers suck, unless you live at the beach, then they suck a little less.’
It was June 30th, 1982 and one of the most beautiful mornings I could remember from my youth. Because at the time I was still innocent and pure. We all were.
The temperature was in the mid 70’s at that time and there weren’t any clouds in the sky to get in the way of the warm, newly risen sun. The light from it hit the mimosa trees lining Cottonwood Court with a radiance that turned the green leaves a soft blue and the purple, fuzzy flowers at the ends of each branch a deep red. I’ve never seen another summer morning quite like that one. It’s taken its own special place in my mind and in my heart and has stood out for almost three decades now.
We had lived in the three-bedroom house at the bottom of the street for eight years. Our father had bought it the year I was born. It was a nice little house that sat on a quarter acre of land like all the houses on Cottonwood. 
We had just passed the third house up from ours when Jason took me by surprise by saying, “We can oil them when we get back home.”
Bringing me out of one of my daydreams and having absolutely no idea what he was talking about, I said, “Huh? What do you mean?”
“The wheels,” he said. “That squeaking is going to wake up the whole neighborhood.”
Walking and pulling, I told him, “Dad won’t let me touch his stuff in the garage. He says I’m too young.”
“That’s okay. I’ll do it for you.”
“Thanks, Jason.”
My brother was a pretty good guy back when we were young. He let me hang around with him and his friends whenever I felt like tagging along. Most older brothers would kick the crap out of their younger brother just for being alive, but he told me, as long as I could keep up, I could hang out. Jason and I rarely fought.
Crossing over half way up the street I asked him, “Jason, do you ever have nightmares?”
He turned to look at me and said, “Yeah, sometimes, I guess. Why, did you have one last night?”
“Yeah. I had one last night and one the night before.” 
I had actually been having them for about two weeks by that time but didn’t want to worry him so I left it at that. They were strange dreams too. They weren’t the kind were you wake up screaming (if they had been Jason would have surely known since we shared a bedroom), but the kinds where you just feel awful in the morning. Like someone you’d known a very long time had died recently and you were still recovering from the shock.
“What was it about?” he asked.
“It’s hard for me to say,” but I tried to explain anyway. “It’s like I’m in this giant place were there’s nothing. It’s all black and I can’t see anything around me. Like I’m lost in the dark. But there’s bubbles floating all around me. I can’t see them but I can feel them. And every time the bubbles pop, they scream at me. Like they want to hurt me. It makes me sad in my sleep.”
My brother seemed to ponder over it for a moment, and then said, “Don’t worry about it. It was just a dream.”
“I saw a movie were people would dream something and then something bad would happen to them. I’m scared Jason. Do you think something bad will happen to me?”
He stopped then and grabbed me by the shoulders and said, “Listen, Ricky, dreams don’t mean nothing. They’re just like cartoons or TV shows, except in our heads. They’re not real. Nothing bad is going to happen to you, so don’t say things like that, okay.”
“Promise, Jay?”
“I promise.”
“Okay.”
When he had stopped me to set my mind at ease, we hadn’t really noticed where we were standing. Now, we turned at the same time to see that we were in front of the last house at the top of our street; The Miller’s house.
 Jason turned back to me and said, “Hey, I dare you to go up and knock as hard as you can on Donald’s window and then run.”
Donald Miller was a boy my age. He was born with Canavan disease and had seemed to cope with the affliction for the first few years of his life. But, eventually, by about the age of five, it had started to slowly take its toll on him.
Canavan is a degenerative disease that causes the brain to turn into spongy tissue riddled with microscopic fluid-filled spaces. It also causes imperfect development of the myelin sheath-which is the fatty covering that acts as an insulator around the nerve fibers of the brain. Some of the symptoms of the disease, which usually start to appear in infancy, include: mental retardation, loss of motor skills, poor muscle development and progressive brain atrophy. There is no cure and the average life span of someone afflicted with it is four years. 
Donald had, this far, made it twice that long.
After falling so ill that his parents had to take him out of school, they converted their garage into a makeshift hospital type room; fully equipped with monitors should he ever take a turn for the worse. They had also added a window on the west facing wall by the entryway to the house so the room would get natural light in the afternoons.
“No way,” I said to the challenge. “What if his dad catches me? I heard he caught Rudy from down the street looking into the window and he pointed a gun at him. Made him piss in his pants and everything.”
Jason looked at me and rolled his eyes. “Aw come on. Who told you that?”
“Cory did. He said he saw it.”
He chuckled dryly. “Cory’s just pullin’ your leg. Come on, go up and knock on his window and run.”
“No way. I’m scared, Jay.”
“How about if I go with you?” He asked.
“Nope.”
My brother then came up with a new tactic. “Come on. We won’t knock on the window then. We’ll just look inside.”
“What if his dad comes out with a gun?”
“It’s six o’clock in the morning, Ricky, he’s probably still sleeping. Look, the front doors closed. They won’t even know we’re there.”
I thought about it. My brother was always good at convincing me to do stupid things. Most brothers possess this gift and so I gave in.
“Just going to look?”
“Just going to look,” my brother repeated with a look of pleading truth on his face. 
“Okay, but we gotta hurry,” I said. “I don’t want to get caught.”
At that he headed up the Miller’s driveway. I dropped the handle of my wagon and followed. We crept up toward the house like sneak thieves, silently, on tiptoes so as not to arouse Donald’s parents.
As we snuck, a memory of Donald came back to me. We had been in the same class in kindergarten a couple of years before-when he was still able to socialize with others. He had been by himself on the playground one day, the other kids avoiding him because he wore braces on his legs and didn’t talk very well and of course kids never know how to react to someone who’s different than they are.
I was sitting on one of the swings, alone myself, motionless, when he had clambered over to me, his braces rattling as he walked. And for a while he just stood there, his mouth slack, teeth crooked, a bit of drool running down his chin. I figured he’d stand there until the recess bell rang but finally he spoke.
“Pu me.”
When he said it, it had startled me because I wasn’t sure what he wanted and what he was even saying. But then he repeated it.
“Pu me.”
And that time it clicked with me.
Push me. He wanted a turn on the swing and would need a little help getting started. So I let him sit down, his metal clad legs sticking straight out in front of him, and pushed him until the bell rang. The whole time he sat on that swing, he laughed. It was a real laugh. I’d never heard another child laugh quite like that before (although I’d hear one in the days to come). It was beautiful and high pitched and sounded like music sung from the heart. 
Jason and I got up underneath the window that looked in on the converted garage, but were both too short see inside. Jason made a pointing gesture toward the flowerbed to the right of the front door. Two cinder blocks sat there like giant incisors and we grabbed them and moved them quietly back under the window and turned them into step stools. My brother stepped up first, looked in and gasped. I followed his lead and through that window I saw the most pathetic sight of my eight-year-old life.
Donald lay in his bed looking like a tiny, old man. He had no muscle or hair. There were tubes sticking in his nose and an IV stuck into his right hand. A white bed sheet covered him from his chest down, but we didn’t need to see the rest of his body to know he probably didn’t weigh any more than about twenty-five pounds. Every couple of seconds a leg or an arm would twitch, and his eyes rolled in his head under their lids. He moaned and grunted as if he were having a hard time breathing.
We stood there, silent, for a few minutes, a little saddened by what we were looking at, thankful for not being him, when the front door flew open with a sound like a tire blowing. Donald’s mother was there in the doorway in her bathrobe holding something long and straight and black at her side.
“You boys get the hell out of here and leave my boy alone,” she screamed at us. 
We jumped off those cinder blocks and ran back out to the sidewalk like we were on fire. My brother grabbed my wagon as I ran for the corner at the top of our street. He met me there seconds later, huffing and puffing, pulling my wagon behind him.
“Did you see that, Jay, huh, did ya?” I blubbered, out of breath. “Did you see what she was holding? I told you. I told you. She had that shotgun. Probably the same one Donald’s dad pointed at Rudy. I’ll bet you anything.”
Jason stood on that corner catching his breath; hands on his knees, looking at me like I’d lost my marbles and immediately burst into a fit of laughter.
“What?” I asked him, angry. “What’s so funny?”
After he had himself a little more under control he let me in on what it was he thought was so damn funny. He set his hand on my shoulder took a deep breath and with a straight face said, “That wasn’t a shotgun, dork. That was a broom,” then doubled back over in another fit.
I turned and headed around the corner toward the construction site and away from my brothers donkey brays. I was only eight, but I knew what ‘the bird’ was and I employed the technique over my right shoulder.


TWO
Mr. Gagner lived at the very top of our street; his house actually being on Fullerton Avenue. He had the biggest house out of all of our neighbors. No, he wasn’t the rich old miser in the mansion at the top of the hill, but he was a cranky old bastard. 
His house was a two story, made of stone and wood slats. It looked as though it might better fit in with the cabins you might see in Big Bear to the east. But instead of being surrounded by pines and furs, it sat on two acres of land with lots of orange and avocado trees. Surrounding his entire property was a three-foot tall brick wall with another three feet of wrought iron fencing on top.
I was never really sure if Mr. Gagner had any kids–we never saw any–but if he did they were grown and had moved away. What I did know was; he was a mean, old man that owned a big, ferocious St. Bernard named Ben.
My brother caught up to me after getting himself back under control. It took me only a few seconds to see how silly the whole situation had been as well. I was even snickering about it when he came up and punched me lightly on the shoulder. Here I was, thinking that a sweet lady like Mrs. Miller would pull a shotgun on a couple of children. It sounded ridiculous. But when you’re a kid, your imagination is a twisted track of runaway trains. 
“We didn’t have any breakfast this morning. You hungry?” Jason asked.
“A little, I guess.” I said. “Why, we going to pick some oranges?”
Crossing his arms over his chest and giving me that ‘I’m older than you’ look, he said, “Nope. You are. Get up there and get us a couple.”
“Aw, Jay, what if Ben hears me. He’ll bite my arm off.”
I could tell that my brother had already formulated a plan. “It’s okay. I’ll go look through the front gate and see where he’s at. Wait for my signal.”
The entrance to the dirt driveway of Mr. Gagner’s house had two wrought iron gates that swung inward on an automatic opening system. They were about thirty feet from were we were and Jason jogged lightly to them and crouched down at the end of the low brick wall, peeked around the corner. He stayed that way for about five seconds before looking back in my direction. He made a series of hand signals and mouthed something, but I was too far away to read his lips.
I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head as if to say I had no clue what he meant.
Looking frustrated, he first pointed at me, pointed at the orange tree in front of me, and then made a picking gesture. Next he pointed back toward the gates, cocked his head to one side, put his hands, palms together, under his head and mimicked someone sleeping.
Pick some oranges. Ben is asleep.
He gave me the okay sign circling his thumb and forefinger.
Now, kids and monkeys have a couple things in common. For one thing, both usually smell funny. For another, they’re both good climbers. The latter came in handy for me then as I grabbed the bars of the fence and lifted myself from the sidewalk onto the low wall that surrounded the property with the skill of a macaque. As I reached my arm through, I silently prayed that Ben would stay asleep at the other end of the yard. My hand felt only empty space for what seemed like an eternity and then something, yes, a nice sized fruit brushed my fingers.
I pulled.
The motion of it coming free shook the tree and made a little more noise than I had hoped. Or was comfortable with. I cringed at the thought of Ben lying in the driveway, suddenly raising his massive head. I looked over to where Jason had crouched at the end of the wall and waited for some sort of sign. 
He wasn’t looking at me but he had his hand behind him and was raising it up and down in a quick motion, telling me to slow down or keep it down. I wasn’t sure which.
But I froze. My heart felt a pound heavier in my chest, and then he gave me the okay sign again and I released my breath. 
I looked at the orange I had just picked and saw that it had a hole and a big black spot on it. Knowing it wasn’t any good I dropped it back into Mr. Gagner’s yard and went for another. A plump, mature Navel caught my eye, even bigger than the first and I shot my arm back through, plucking it from its green shady home. I turned sideways and dropped it into my little blue wagon. It made a bonk sound when it landed.
I looked back at my brother who was now looking at me, giving me the thumbs up. One more orange and the job would be done. 
Looking through the bars once more, I saw one the size of a grapefruit and went for it. It would be for Jason. He’d be happy with me for giving him the bigger of the two.
Reaching through for the third time I found that my prize was a bit out of reach. I could touch it with the tips of my fingers, but couldn’t quite get hold of it. I’d have to climb up higher on the bars and reach over.
I adjusted my position and threw my arm up and over the spiked tops of the wrought iron when I heard my brother came running back down the sidewalk.
“Jump! Jump! He woke up. He’s coming.”
At first I thought he was just messing with me, pulling my leg so to speak, and then my heart skipped three beats as I heard something big smashing its way through the undergrowth that surrounded the orange trees. A whine escaped my throat as I started to climb down. I got one foot off the wall when I realized my shirtsleeve had snagged a spike at the top of the fence.
Oh crap, I thought.
I looked back down into Mr. Gagner’s yard and saw this thing made of fur and teeth and slobber heading full bore at me.
“Jason!” I screamed. He was running toward me as well. He was yelling something, but I couldn’t make it out over my own screaming.
Ben hit the fence at my chest level, rocking it. He was barking and snapping, foam flying from his cave like mouth. He wasn’t a mad dog, but he sure was a pissed off dog. I had invaded his territory and he was out for blood. His head was too big to get through the bars, but he was still only inches from my small body. That dog must have outweighed me by a hundred pounds, and there was no doubt in my mind that he could swallow me whole. I was sure that dog had pieces of kids bigger than me in his stool.
By the time my brother got to me the front of my shirt was covered in stinky, ropey, dog slobber. He grabbed me by the waist like a defensive tackle and pulled. I came free from the fence with a ripping sound and we both landed on our butts on the sidewalk.
We jumped up, I grabbed my wagon and we bolted. The whole time the dog kept pace with us along the other side of the wall, his head, bobbing up and down, barking. Twenty seconds later we were past the property and away from the barking nightmare named Ben.
Just past Mr. Gagner’s was six acres of orange trees that we all called Dead Grove. It got its name from the fact that as long as we had lived in the neighborhood, that grove never had any oranges or even any leaves on its trees. They were all dead and stood like skeletons on a battlefield two years after the war had ended.
There were three different spots that led into the grove. If you went past Mr. Gagner’s house and took a left at the third tree, there was a pathway that a person could follow into its depths. Or you could walk across the street from our house, jump a fence, walk down a short ally and enter next to a shed that housed the water distribution system for our block. And if you went straight on through you’d end up on Magnolia Avenue, which was the third way through. Dead Grove was a twisted labyrinth of trees, tumbleweeds, and trash. At night, you could get lost in it. I’d even heard stories of kids going in and never being seen again.
We walked next to Dead Grove on our way to the construction site while I got my bearings back from the confrontation with Ben. My brother comforted me in the way only older brothers can; with ridicule and laughter.


THREE
After calming down and wiping what Jason thought were tears but what I told him was sweat on my soggy shirt, we crossed over Fullerton and took a ten minute break. Sitting on a low, unfinished wall with rebar sticking out of the top of it, we split the orange that I had picked. Jason peeled it and handed me half and I sank my teeth in, enjoying the sweetness of the white-orange meat and the juice as it overflowed my mouth and ran down my chin. 
To our right stood a three-foot sign on six foot-tall four-by-fours. It read:

MAGNOLIA GLEN
TOWNHOMES
COMING SOON

“Your birthday’s coming up soon, isn’t it?” I asked Jason-to make conversation more than anything-as if he didn’t know when his own birthday was. He separated a section of fruit and popped it in his mouth and nodded his head. 
“Yeah, not until September,” he told me and spat a seed in the dirt at his feet.
“You’re going to be ten, right?” I asked, spitting out a seed of my own.
“Eleven,” he said, insulted and got to his feet, throwing what remained of his orange on the ground. “Come on; let’s do what we came to do.”
I stood and followed his lead and we headed into the first unfinished house in the new community of town homes, leaving my wagon by the wall.
We had come up to the construction site in the hopes of finding recyclable bottles that the workers would leave behind. After finding enough we’d take them down to the 7-Eleven on the corner of Fullerton and Grand and get ten cents a piece for them. Then we’d turn around and buy as many baseball cards as possible, which ran twenty-five cents a pack.
“What do you think mom and dad will get you for your birthday?” I asked him, picking up a Coke bottle and the conversation again.
“Well,” he said, stepping around a stack of pallets and inspecting a box of nails, “I think I’ll ask them for a radio with a tape player. If they can’t get that, maybe the new Van Halen album.”
After finding more bottles here and there and loading up our arms, we went back to the wagon to drop them off. Then we headed for the second house up to recover more booty.
In that house we found a total of seven bottles. One 7-Up, two Coke, and four Budweiser. But something else caught my attention in that house. Something that was sitting on a stack of drywall. It was a plastic package with a cardboard back containing one shoelace with Sesame Street characters on it. The package had been opened and one of the laces removed. The plastic looked as though it had been chewed on or crushed underfoot.
“Hey, Jay, look at this.”
He stopped messing with a bundle of electrical wire and strode over to me. “Oh, cool. Shoelaces,” he said sarcastically. “Throw it away.”
“No way. I’m keeping it, even though there’s only one.” 
“What are you going to do with one shoelace?” He asked. “Blindfold a Chinese man?”
“I don’t know,” I said, but then had an idea. “I could make a necklace out of it, maybe.”
“Whatever,” he said with that same undertone in his voice. “Stick it in your pocket and help me find more bottles.”
I shoved my find into the left pocket of my red corduroy shorts and did as my brother told me. We ended up finding twenty more bottles in the next four houses, taking armfuls back to the wagon after each search. Jason was just picking up his first bottle in the fifth house when we heard a booming voice from behind us. 
“Hey. What are you kids doing in here?”
We both jumped at the sound and slowly turned to face the person who had yelled at us and found an enormous man of about six and a half feet standing in the shadowy entrance of the unfinished garage we were in. He had a puffy, red beard, a tank top, and a hard hat on. By the sunburn he wore, like an angry red wet suit, we could tell he spent a lot of his time outdoors. And he didn’t look at all pleased that we were there.
“We’re just collecting bottles,” Jason said as I stepped behind him for cover.
The bearded man gave us a long and meaningful stare as if maybe Jason weren’t telling the whole truth. “Well, you kids need to leave. We’re about to start work for the day,” he said in a throaty growl. “And don’t step foot in these houses again until they’re finished. Understand?” He pointed a finger at us, his eyes wide.
My brother nodded vigorously as I cowered in fear. “Okay. We’re sorry. Come on Ricky.”
But as we turned to leave and were nearly out of what would soon be the slider door to the unfinished town home, the man called after us. 
“Hey!”
We both stopped dead in our tracks at that powerful voice. It would have been easy to have just started running back for the wagon and then on home, but something about him intrigued us a bit I think, although we couldn’t say exactly what it was then. So not knowing why, or what to expect, we turned back to hear what he had to say.
He looked different now, not mean or angry, but almost sincere. A transformation had taken place while our backs where turned and it eased our fears of him some.
“Sorry if I scared you,” he told us with a wry smile that showed about six empty sockets were teeth should have been.
My brother smiled back and with a half wave he said, “That’s okay. Sorry if we got in your way.”
“No harm done, boys,” the man boomed.
We turned and started off when once again he called after us. “Hey, wait. Come here son,” he said and pointed to me.
I stood my ground behind my brother, unsure of what I should do. Mom-like every other responsible mother in the world-had told me never to talk to strangers. But I-just like every other kid in the world-rarely did what I was told to by my parents.
“It’s okay, son, I won’t hurt you. I promise. I just want to see something.”
I looked at my brother for help. He nodded and trusting him I did as the strange red giant told me.
I walked slowly toward the man and stopped five feet in front of him. He bent into a crouch and winced as his knees popped like cap guns. He pointed at my shirtsleeve and asked, “What happened here?” His voice was now that of a kind old man although he looked no more than forty. “Did you hurt yourself in one of these houses? Did you fall or something?”
I shook my head from side to side, silent.
“Don’t talk much?” he asked and grinned.
I shrugged.
The man looked at my brother and raised his eyebrows.
“He caught it on a fence earlier,” Jason explained.
“Oh, I see. That’s good,” he said and then checked himself. “I don’t mean that it’s good that you ripped your shirt, your ma’ will probably skin you. What I mean is… well, we just don’t need any lawsuits around here. It’s dangerous for kids to be in here. That’s why I sort of got on you guys a minute ago and I apologize again.” 
He patted my shoulder and stood back up. I returned to my spot next to my brother keeping an eye on the man at all times.
“What are your names boys? Mine’s Rod.”
My brother looked at me and then back at the red bearded man. “My name’s Jason. This is my brother Ricky,” he said and cocked a thumb in my direction.
“Well okay then, Jason and Ricky, I’ll tell you what. If you guys promise to not come back through these houses, I’ll go around at the end of the day and pick up as many bottles for you as I can. I’ll even leave ‘em in a box by the sign at the entrance. How does that sound?”
It sounded pretty damn cool to us. Free bottles and no work? Not too many adults would do that kind of thing for kids. 
“That would be great,” Jason told him, grinning. “But you don’t have to. I’m sure you’re probably tired at the end of your work day and just want to get home.”
“Not me.” Rod said. “See, I live here.” My brother and I exchanged glances, not quite understanding how this man lived in one of these unfinished houses and we gave him a puzzled look as he began to explain. “I’m foreman for the company that plans out how to build these houses; Berner Construction. They provide me with a trailer to live in at every job site we go to so I can oversee everything that’s going on in every stage of building. The trailer’s down at the west end of the lot. So, you see, it’s not a problem at all for me to get the bottles for you.”
“Cool,” Jason said. “We promise never to come through here while you’re working again. Don’t we Ricky?” I stood there looking at the tall man, nodding my head.
“How much do you boys get for those bottles anyway?” Rod inquired.
“A dime a piece,” Jason told him.
The man whistled as if this were a fortune, which, in turn, made us laugh. 
“Must be saving up for something pretty important, huh.”
“Baseball cards,” Jason told him proudly.
“Well, listen,” Rod said, reaching into his pocket. “Here’s fifty cents. A quarter for each of you.” He plopped a coin in each of our hands. “Hope that helps some.”
We accepted the coins with a thanks and a smile.
“Now you boys get going. We’ve got work to do. Those bottles will be out by the sign at the end of each day. You can pick them up then,” he said and turned and headed out of the garage.
Jason and I went on back toward the wagon at the entrance to Magnolia Glen. We had ended up with twenty-one bottles all together. After we took them down to cash them in we’d get two dollars and ten cents and with the money Rod had given us, it would make it two-sixty. Not bad for about a half hours worth of work. The next thing to do would be to head to 7-Eleven.
“Let’s go back and see if Cory’s awake yet. Maybe he’ll want to go to the store with us,” Jason said to me.
We headed on back to Cottonwood, crossing back over Fullerton and took the dirt path until it met Mr. Gagner’s front drive. We ran the length of the wall, wagon in tow, bottles clinking, hoping Ben wasn’t around. He wasn’t.
Cory Dayborne, my brother’s best friend, lived across the street form us and we headed to his house to see if he was up and going yet.


FOUR
As we neared our house back at the bottom of the street, I noticed that our father’s blue Fiat was no longer parked on the right hand side of the driveway. Our dad was an eighth grade English teacher at Corona Junior High during the normal school year of September through June. But from June to August he taught summer school at Norco Junior High. Norco is a small town north of Corona, hence the name?
Jason and I passed our house and started across the street to Cory’s just as the screen door to our house flew open and our mother yelled, “Where in heavens have you two been? I was scared to death when I went into your room this morning and you weren’t there. Where did you go?”
I guess we thought we’d be back before our parents knew that we were gone or that they would just assume that we had gone out to play early. We constantly worried our mother this way. It’s a surprise her hair didn’t turn gray at thirty.
“Just up to the construction site,” my brother answered.
Our three-year-old sister Susan came out of the house, stuck one of her thumbs in her mouth, and grabbed a hold of our mother’s leg just as she started to scold us again. “Well I knew you hadn’t been kidnapped because I got a call from Mrs. Miller up the street about a half hour ago. She was very upset.”
My brother looked at me and sucked air through his teeth, knowing that we were busted for what we had done earlier at Donald’s window. Our mother dropped her tone some and took a few steps towards us and said, “Boys, Donald is a very sick little boy. He needs all the rest he can get. It doesn’t help him for you to be banging on his window at six in the morning.”
Banging on his window? What had Mrs. Miller told her? “We didn’t-” My brother started to protest in a futile attempt, but our mother cut him off.
“His parents are going through an awful time right now. God knows what I’d do if one of you were sick like him.” She pointed a finger at us-not unlike someone else had done that morning-and said, “Now, I want you boys to promise me that you wont go sneaking around the Miller’s house like that anymore.”
What was with all the promise making that morning?
“Promise,” we both said in unison with our heads bowed, our feet kicking at blades of grass.
We all stood there in silence for a few moments on our front lawn enveloped in one of the most gorgeous summer mornings of our youth, our mother, her hair in a ponytail, wearing a blouse and shorts, sandals on her feet. She was beautiful. My sister wore nothing but her little girl panties and had her thumb stuck two knuckles deep in her mouth, index finger curled around the bridge of her nose. Jason and I had on t-shirts and corduroy O.P. shorts and Vans slip-ons, his shoes with red checkers and mine with blue.
Our mom used the top of her right foot to scratch her left calf and said, “Before your father left this morning he asked me to tell the two of you to start weeding the hill. He’s been telling you boys that he wants it done by the end of the week, so you need to get on it.”
“We will, mom, but can we go down to 7-Eleven first and turn in our bottles?” My brother pleaded.
“Jason, you have chores to do, you know that,” she said.
“Come on mom,” I begged. “We’ll just go down real quick and come right back. Please.”
Jason piped in again. “Yeah, come on. Please?”
We knew how to work our mother. Begging a few times would usually result in her letting us have our way. We never did this to our father though and never to our mother when our father was around. It wasn’t that we feared our dad; it was that we respected him. Him and the hand that would tan our hides if we got out of line.
“Okay. Okay, fine, “our mother said raising her arm to look at her watch. “Its five after seven right now. I want you boys back here by eight thirty and not a second later. Do you understand?”
“Yeah, mom. Thanks,” Jason said and started toward the street.
“Thanks, mom,” I echoed, trailing him.
“Ricky?” She said and took another few steps in my direction. “What happened to your shirt?”
We rarely lied to our mother and I saw no reason to do it now. It was an old play shirt anyway. “I caught it on the fence at Mr. Gagner’s house getting an orange.”
“You know he doesn’t like anybody touching his orange trees. Did he see you?”
“Nope,” both my brother and I said at the same time.
“Good. At least I won’t be getting a call from him too,” she said and threw up her hands. “Just put the shirt in the sewing pile when you’re done with the hill later. Have fun and be back at eight-thirty.”
“We will.”
As our mother turned and headed back into the house, with our sister in tow, Jason ran across the street to Cory’s. I eased my wagon down the curb, a few bottles falling over inside of it, and followed.
I was approaching the curb on Cory’s side of the street as they both began walking back down his driveway toward the sidewalk. Apparently he had been watching the conversation we had been having with our mother in our front yard from his bedroom window and as they came into earshot I heard Cory say, “…7-Eleven, and I started putting my clothes on. I got two bucks in quarters I swiped from my old man’s ashtray. I’m going to play the hell out of Asteroids when I get there.” He turned to me and said, “What’s up runt?” and accompanied the comment with a punch to my arm.
The best way to describe Cory’s personality was that he was pretty cool half the time, and a fucking asshole the other half. The kid had ADD-before they were even calling it that. He was only a month younger than Jason but was a year behind him in school. It wasn’t that he was dumb; he was just a little inattentive. 
Although his punches always hurt, I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of showing him my pain, so I gritted my teeth and held my breath, staring at him the whole time. Of course all that did was provoke him to want to hit me again until I screamed, which is what he was about to do until Jason jumped in, “Come on. We only got till eight-thirty. Let’s get going.” And with that Cory turned his attention to my brother and the three of us headed toward the store.


FIVE
Our house was technically the last house on the left hand side of Cottonwood, but the street doglegged to the left and went on for another couple hundred yards. On the left, (the side our house was on) there was a seven-foot-tall hill that ran the length of our house until it met a brick wall that belonged to the neighbor behind us. His wall ran until it met the front of his house on Aspen Street. 
On the right side of the street (Cory’s side), there were about fifteen houses that ran down until it turned into Redwood Street. So the three streets made a sort of rounded ‘W’ shape that led out onto Fullerton Avenue at their west ends. 
With the sun to our right, we chose to stroll down the middle of the street rather than on the sidewalk. When we hit Redwood we turned left and headed on up to Fullerton. That long stretch of road would eventually lead to our destination; 7-Eleven. Along the way, telephone poles grew from the sidewalk. They were dead trees with electric branches. Staples riddled their split trunks from flyers and advertisements long gone. Jason and Cory took the lead, lost in idle conversation as I pulled my wagon full of bottles behind them.
As we turned the corner, Cory said, “Oh, check this out. I almost forgot.” And with that he lifted the left leg of his tan shorts to reveal a nice sized raspberry that covered a good portion of his thigh. It was scabbed over and wet looking from ointment.
“Jeez,” Jason said. “How’d you get that?”
Cory dropped his shorts back down and began to explain.
“Well, last night after you guys went in for dinner I took my bike out for a ride. I rode to the top off the street and came back down as fast as I could. When I tried to bunny-hop off the curb in front of your house the damn front tire came off. Aw, man, when I landed, I flipped right over the handle bars.”
“Geez. You could have broke your neck,” I said from behind.
“So what did you do?” Jason asked.
“Got up and shook it off,” Cory said.
We both knew he was full of shit, but didn’t say anything. Cory sometimes acted as if he were king turd of crap court, just as tough as could be.
He went on; “That guy Mark was out in front of Chris’s house drinking a beer when it happened. He came over and helped me put the tire back on.”
Chris Maherrin lived two houses to the left of Cory’s. He hung out with us sometimes. He was ten, like Jason and Cory, but was an only child. Unfortunately he was also an only grandchild, so he spent summers with his grandparents out of state.
“Mark?” Jason asked.
“Who’s that?” I was also curious.
“That guy that moved into Chris’s parents’ guesthouse a couple weeks ago,” Cory explained.
“Oh yeah,” Jason exclaimed. “I saw him moving his stuff in.”
“Yeah, he’s way cool. After he put my tire back on, I went with him into the guesthouse through the backyard. He put some Neosporin on my leg for me. And then,” Cory said full of pride, “he let me drink a beer with him.”
Jason said, “No way. He let you drink a…”
“You're gonna fucking die!” a voice yelled at us. 
The three of us froze.
Between Redwood and Acacia (the next street over), there was a cinderblock wall that separates the houses there from the noise and traffic on Fullerton. Halfway down that wall there was a set of stairs used to access Acacia on foot, a pedestrian shortcut. It’s also where the older kids would hang out at night and smoke their weed and cigarettes and drink beer. The comment that had stopped us in our tracks had come from these stairs as we were passing and we turned to see who had shouted at us.
Sitting on the third step down with his back to the railing was Mike Wood. Mike lived halfway up Redwood on the left hand side and was notoriously know for being a drug user. His clothes were always in shambles and his long greasy brown hair was never combed. Every time we saw him on our streets he would be doing something odd, like talking to himself or licking tree bark. He had been in trouble with the law and had been arrested quite a few times. They were minor things though: breaking and entering, trespassing, assault. We always wondered how his parents had let him get the way he was. Maybe they didn’t care about him or were too busy in their own lives or were themselves just as screwed up as he was.
He looked that day like he always did; ratty clothes and mousy hair. Like he hadn’t made it home last night and had spent the last few hours sleeping on those stairs, coming down from whatever drug he had taken the night before. He looked so much older than his seventeen years.
Mike spoke again, only this time he didn’t yell, his glossy eyes looking almost through us. “You’re going to die.”  He lit a cigarette and stuck it in the corner of his mouth, drew smoke and blew it in our direction. “Get out of here before I kick your little asses.”
Jason and I taking the hint and not wanting to provoke this deranged loser started making tracks. Cory stood there looking at him. When we were about ten paces away I looked back and saw Cory do one of the stupidest and yet probably one of the funniest things I’d ever seen him do before. He brought up a loogey from deep within his throat and spat right into Mikes face, then bolted giving him the finger.
“You little son of a bitch,” Mike yelled as he got to his feet to pursue Cory. He jumped up and took one step before his foot hit the top stair and he went sprawling on the sidewalk.
The three of us high tailed it to the end of the block not looking back until we had gotten there. Jason had taken over command of the wagon making it easier for me to run.
At Acacia, we stared back in Mike’s direction at the stairs and saw him, lying there on the pathway, smoking and waving to something high up in the sky.
“What did you do that for, man? You crazy?” I said to Cory. “That guys going to kill us know. You heard what he said.”
“No he won’t,” Cory told me with a little nudge to the same shoulder he had punched me on earlier. “That guy’s all messed up on drugs or something. He looked like he’d been smokin’ dope all night. He probably already forgot we were there.”
“That was still pretty crazy,” Jason said chuckling. He gave his best friend a high five and then we all began laughing hysterically. I don’t think we stopped laughing for another two blocks or so.
Five minutes later we were in front of Lincoln Elementary School. This wasn’t the school that we went to. We were Stallings Elementary kids. Our school was at the other end of Fullerton, back past Magnolia Glen and the hospital. Those who were a little more well to do than our families were enrolled their children into Lincoln. There was a dress code there that we thought was absurd and all made fun of.
Off to our right, a lawnmower purred and sputtered and when I looked I saw George Manning pushing the machine across the great expanse of lawn in front of the school. Mr. Manning, his wife Emily and their mentally disabled daughter Jamie lived ten houses down from Cory-just before Cottonwood became Redwood. He was employed with the Corona-Norco Unified School District and did the grounds keeping for a few of the schools in our area.
Near the south side of the school, his wife squatted, pulling weeds from around the base of the building. She didn’t have a day job-other than caring for their daughter-and sometimes helped her husband out with the maintenance work. I began to wonder where Jamie was and a moment later spotted her playing in a sandbox within relatively close view of her parents.
When we came to the end of the school grounds, we decided to take the alley that ran down one side and behind the houses on Fullerton until it let us out at the back of the 7-Eleven. It was just over a mile from our houses to the store and had taken close to a half an hour to walk.


SIX
Once inside the convenience store, Jason was quick to note the time on the clock that hung on the back wall above the beer cooler. “It’s seven-forty,” he said. “We’ve got about thirty minutes before we have to leave.
Cory headed straight for the video games. There were three in all behind the cashier’s station; Pac-Man, Space Invaders and Asteroids. It was the latter of the three that he started stuffing quarters into.
Jason and I went around to the far side of the cashier stand to change our bottles into cash. There, on the counter, a jar stood, change littering the bottom, asking for donations for Donald Miller and to help find a cure for Canavan disease. The lady behind the register had the phone to her ear and seemed to be listening intently to whoever was on the other end. When she finally saw us, she held up a finger as if to say ‘just a moment’ until she finished with her conversation.
After a minute or two of nodding and saying yup she hung up and turned to us. “Alright. How can I help you boys?”
“We’d like to cash in these bottles please,” My brother said.
“Oh, is that so. Well how many you got there?” she asked.
I stood there looking at the vest she wore. It was red with a 7-Eleven logo on the left breast. Beneath the logo was a gold badge that read Diane. She must have been about five feet even, lean and had blonde hair and a dimpled chin, probably in the neighborhood of forty years old.
“Twenty-one all together,” Jason told her.
“I’ll take your word for it. And at ten cents a bottle that comes out to two dollars and ten cents. Sound about right to you kids?”
We both nodded at the same time like a couple of bobble head dolls.
“Bring your wagon around to this side of the counter and stick the bottles right there in those crates,” she said and jerked her head toward the back corner, “and I’ll get some money out of the till for you.”
I stayed where I was, staring up at the woman behind the counter while my brother went to offload the bottles into the crates. Finally I found the nerve to ask, “Are you new here, Diane?”
She pulled the money out of the register, closed it, cocked her head to one side and with one eye shut said rather comically, “How’d you know my name? Are you one of those psychics with ESP or something?”
I smiled and pointed to the gold badge and said, “It says your name right there. Diane. That’s my aunt’s name too.”
She looked down at the left side of her vest, looked back at me and said, “Hey, you’re right.” Then gave me a wink. “What’s your name little man?”
Although she had used the word little first, I had never been called a man before and part of my eight-year-old ego did a mental back flip.
“Ricky Sinfield,” I said with swollen pride.
“Well it’s a pleasure to meet you, Ricky.” She shot her hand out toward me and I shook it. “No. I’m not new here. Not really.”
“How come I never seen you before then?”
From the other side of the counter I heard an electronic explosion from one of the video games and Cory yell out “Damn.” He then smacked the side of the machine before resuming play.
Jason had come back to the front of the counter and Diane handed him the money. 
“Do me a favor buddy,” Diane said to Jason. “Take the wagon outside if you guys are going to hang out here, okay.”
“Okay,” he said and pulled the wagon outside and set it in between the bike rack and a trashcan.
Diane turned back to me and said, “The reason you haven’t seen me in here before is cause I usually work while your sleeping. What I mean is I usually work the night shift. Have since last November. I asked Ron, the owner, if he couldn’t switch me over to the day shift this summer, seein’ as I don’t have air conditioning in my apartment and it’s always cool in here.”
It made sense to me. And being somewhat of an inquisitive kid, I was about to ask my next question when a middle-aged man came rushing into the store and with a raspy voice demanded, “Pack of Benson and Hedges menthol 100’s. And I’m in a hurry.”
Diane rolled her eyes and shrugged at me before helping the man with his purchase, I walked around the counter to where the video games were. 
Jason was standing behind Cory watching him play Asteroids. I poked him in the ribs and asked him for some money and he handed me a dollar and thirty cents. Half the money from the bottles and half of what Rod-the bearded giant from the construction site-had given us. I stuck a quarter into Pac-man and proceeded to eat dots and ghosts.
We all switched off playing the three video games for another half an hour before we took what was left of our money and headed for the opposite side of the store. In the middle aisle, I went for the candy and Jason headed for the baseball card boxes.
After finding everything we wanted, we made our purchase and began to head back home. Cory chose to stay behind. Apparently he wasn’t done playing the hell out of Asteroids yet. He knew we had chores to do and said he’d meet up with us later.
Jason and I walked in front of the houses on Fullerton instead of behind them in the alley, switching off pulling the wagon. We passed back by Lincoln Elementary and crossed the street that paralleled Fullerton until we came back to Acacia. Standing on that corner for a minute, we wondered aloud if Mike Wood was still at the stairs and taking no chances ran past at top speed. There was no sign of him except for a few cigarette butts and an empty beer bottle, so we slowed down and walked the rest of the way back home, down Redwood and back up Cottonwood to our house on the corner.


SEVEN
It was eight forty-five when we got back home, but our mother wasn’t at all angry with us for being fifteen minutes late. She had laid out hoes and rakes and gardening gloves for us to use to weed the hill with and after I put my wagon back in its place on the side yard, and put the shoestring I had found at the construction site in my desk drawer, we started on our chores.
About an hour after we had started the yard work, Cory had come strolling up on us after having tired of the video games at 7-Eleven. He told us that he needed to mow his back lawn for his dad and then he was going to take a dip in his back pond. 
He actually had two small fishponds in his backyard. One was about four feet across and a foot deep, a circle. The other was five feet across and three feet deep, shaped like a pear. I would only go in the first of the two, not because I couldn’t tread three feet of water, but because you couldn’t see the bottom of the pear shaped pond and for some reason I believed that small, slimy things lived down there waiting to attach themselves to my feet. We told him that we would ask our mother if we could come over after we ate lunch and take a dip with him.
After about three hours of working up old shrubs and ivy that had gotten too long and brown, our mother called us in for a meal of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup.
“How much of the hill did you get done?” Mom asked as we dug hungrily into our lunches.
With a mouth full of grilled cheese my brother mumbled, “A lot.”
“A lot,” I agreed.
We had too. We’d weeded about twenty feet of that hill on the side of our house. With it being about a hundred feet long, we would be able to finish it by the end of the week as our father had wanted.
After checking on our work outside, our mother had agreed to let us quite for the day, but not before we bagged up all the vegetation that we had pulled and put it on the side of the house with the trash cans. Only then did she set us free to do as we pleased.
“Just be home by six for dinner,” she called after us as we rushed out of the house, letting the screen door bang shut behind us. “And don’t be late this time. Your father will be upset if he has to wait on you for dinner.”
We ran straight to Cory’s backyard. He had a long wrought iron fence and gate with a simple latch that Jason flicked to allow us entry. There was an enormous jungle gym with a swing set and playhouse that we ran under and then crossed the newly mown grass to the back. He was already in his trunks, relaxing in the bigger of the two ponds.
At just before one it was well over ninety degrees, and sitting in the cool water was heaven. The three of us stayed in the ponds for an hour or more, splashing and running in circles, making whirlpools, until our fingertips pruned up. Then we put our shoes on and moved over to the jungle gym and played commando in the playhouse. We’d pretend there was lava under the monkey bars so we had to cross over without falling or else we’d burn.
After another hour and a half of play we decided to get out of the heat and go on into Cory’s house. His parents were both at work. Both were limousine chauffeurs. His father also rented out a small, single prop Cessna airplane that pulled long advertisements from its tail on weekends.
The inside of Cory’s house-in the summertime-was always kept at a cool sixty-six degrees. And after a few hours in the scorching sun, it felt like walking into a meat locker. It was bliss.
We decided to see what his sister Christy was up to, and as usually, she was in her bedroom listening to records on the stereo their father had given her after he’d bought the family a new one.
Christy Dayborne was two years older than Cory and Jason and although we were younger than her, she never seemed to mind us hanging out in her room. We even humored her at times by playing Barbie dolls. She was way cool.
And now there were four. 
We all sat and goofed around, listening to her record collection until six that evening, by which time my brother informed them that we needed to get home for our dinner. Cory’s parents would be home soon as well.
“Come on Ricky,” he said and we headed out of the room and back into the June heat.
But as we were crossing the street, Cory called my brother back over. “Hey, ask your mom if you can spend the night tonight.”
“Can I spend the night too,” I asked him, not wanting to be excluded.
“Yeah, I guess,” Cory said with a disgusted look on his face, and then punched me in the arm good-bye.
And Jason said what he always said to Cory when he asked him to stay the night. “You think it will be alright with your parents?”
“Do they ever care?” Cory’s usual answer.
His parents were those cool parents that you rarely had to ask permission from to do something. They never kept tabs on Cory the way most parents did with their children. It wasn’t that they didn’t care what he was up to; it was probably just the way they were raised themselves. That and his parents got drunk most evenings and tended to go to bed before he did. So he was free to do what he wanted until all hours of the night. This reason alone was the best for spending the night at his house. We could sneak out and they’d never be the wiser.
When we got back to our house our dinner was already on the table. My father sat in his usual spot, mom poured milk into everyone’s glasses. After washing our hands, my brother and I joined our family. Our mother said grace, and food was eaten. There was always little talk at our table. My father usually asked his one question to us, “How was school today?” But being summer and having no classes it wasn’t brought up. Instead halfway through the meal, it was Jason who got the conversation rolling.
“Is it alright if we stay at Cory’s tonight?”
Mom’s fork hesitated an inch from her mouth, buttered noodles unraveling as she seemed to think it over. Finally the food went in and she chewed not only her food but also the question that had been asked. She was a loving and very open-minded mom and although she knew that Guy and Janeal Dayborne partook in the drinking of spirits at home, she always trusted them and knew they were dear friends. I don’t think she ever knew just how plastered they actually got at night though. 
It was a rare time when she wouldn’t let us spend the night at a friend’s house, with the exception of Steve Hanel, whom she thought was a little old for us, although we hung around with him on a daily basis. She also didn’t care much for his older brother, Jacob. No one did. 
After finishing her mouthful and mulling it over for a few more moments, she looked up at my father who was paying attention to nothing but what was on the dish in front of him. “Is that alright with you, Gary?” she asked.
Looking up from his half eaten chicken breast, my father, lost in his own world, hadn’t heard any of the conversation. “What?” he asked back.
She wiped her mouth with her napkin and placed it back on her lap. “The boys want to know if they can stay the night at the Dayborne’s tonight. Is that alright?” she said again looking more concerned this time.
He looked at Jason, and Jason looked back with pleading eyes. He looked at me, and I looked back with a smile. He looked at our sister who sat in her chair with her thumb in her mouth, her other hand twirling a lock of hair behind her right ear. After a moment she smiled back at him around her thumb. Our father stuck his tongue out at her and made her giggle.
When he turned back to mom, he said with his trademark sigh, as if the weight of the world had become that much heavier, “I don’t care. It’s up to you, Juanita,” then went back to his dinner.
After another bite or two of food, she turned to Jason and said, “Its okay, but, you stay inside the house. No sneaking out.”
“Okay. Thanks, mom,” Jason said.
“You boys be home by nine tomorrow to start on the hill again. You guys did a good job today. I want to see that kind of progress everyday this week,” our father said to the both of us.
“Okay, pop,” my brother and I said at the same time.
Jason and I finished our supper and then headed to the hall closet to grab sleeping bags. Mom packed us a bag with our pajamas in to take with us.
We always stayed up late watching movies when we spent the night at Cory’s. According to him, he hadn’t fallen asleep before midnight in years. One of the reasons I believe he got held back a grade was from falling asleep in class; the result of too many late nights in front of the boob tube.
Janeal Dayborne made us popcorn from their cool new air popper. The kind that looked a little like a coffee maker with a yellow visor pointing down so you could catch the popped kernels in a bowl. After she brought in three separate bowls and set them in front of us, she brought us each an RC cola. That was one thing that I always thought was neat, cola before bed. It would never happen at our house.
And after settling us down with our snacks and drinks in our sleeping bags in the living room of their house, Guy and Janeal headed back to their bedroom, she with a glass of red wine, and he with a vodka martini, dirty.
And that was pretty much a typical day for us in the few summers we had all spent together. A little bit of work around our houses and then a whole lot of play outdoors, anywhere we could find something interesting to do. Like exploring new areas of our side of town, or just playing in one another’s backyards. Some days we’d play baseball in the street and others we’d have boxing matching with the kids around the neighborhood on someone’s front lawn. We might ride our bikes down to the 7-Eleven to play video games or find a new construction site going up to play in when the workers weren’t around. 
Life was good for us back then. Every kid should be able to grow up in a safe environment the way we did. We didn’t have any worries, except maybe when we were going to be able to afford a pack of baseball cards or if we had money for the ice cream man.
But as the old saying goes, life has got to throw you that proverbial curve. That summer in Corona changed Steve, Jason, Cory and me. Because you see, something evil was happening in our city, our side of the city for that matter and it would soon creep into our neighborhood. We didn’t know it then, us in our blissful stupor, but within two weeks the four of us would have committed an act that no child should ever have to. We live with it to this day and can never take it back. Our only hope is that we are forgiven for it at the end of our lives.


EIGHT
When I awoke the next morning, the sun must have been low in the sky, just coming up over the mountains to the east. It was the first time in two weeks that I hadn’t had the nightmare about the screaming bubbles; the Dark Dream, as I began to call it. I was relieved because I had become anxious at night before sleep overtook me and my nightmares set in.
When you’re a child your sleep is as real as your waking life.
It was unusual for me to wake up so early in the morning, almost before the sun, but not as unusual as the circumstances of why I had awoke so early this morning.
We had all gone to bed in the living room the night before, Cory on the couch and Jason and me in our sleeping bags on the floor. Guy and Janeal had gone to bed with their drinks and had put a movie on for us to watch and fall asleep to. It was Young Frankenstein with Gene Wilder and Teri Garr. A monster movie that’s sillier than it is scary, even to a kid.
The last part of the movie I remember-before falling asleep-was a line were Gene Wilder’s character had commented on some ‘nice knockers’ on one of the doors to the castle as he helps Teri Garr’s character out of a wagon. She, believing he’s commenting on her breasts, thanks him. When I awoke I wasn’t in the living room anymore. I was in a place that was dark and cramped and I was curled into a ball. A musty smell loomed from whatever soft material I sat on; sweat and dirt and maybe urine. My first thought was relief that I had made it through the night without having the Dark Dream. And then a kind of panic set in from my unfamiliar surroundings.
Half asleep, thoughts raced through my mind. 
A coffin? Was I dead? 
A hidey hole in a basement?
Scenes from Young Frankenstein whipped themselves in and out of my memory. 
I’m at Cory’s house, I thought, but he doesn’t have a basement.
I started scratching at the walls of the confining space around me like a frightened cat. The texture felt familiar. Some sort of basket or bin, whicker maybe? I tried to scream but nothing would come out. At my wits end and on the verge of crying, my fingers hurting from clawing at the walls of my tomb, I stood up, more like jumped. And I popped out of the Dayborne’s clothes hamper like a half crazed jack-in-the-box. I was in the hall bathroom and I had no recollection of how I had gotten there.
From the corner of my eye, I saw a monster lurch at me and had to grab for the towel rack next to my head, air wheezed through my throat in a silent scream.
Nothing grabbed me like I had anticipated, although I should have been eaten alive by whatever ghoul had sprung at my side. My eyes were pinched shut in preparedness of whatever bathroom monster was about to set upon me and after a few moments of nothing but heavy breathing on my part I decided to turn and face the beast and saw myself standing in the dirty clothes hamper in the mirror above the sink three feet away.
I had jumped at my own shadow or reflection in this case.
With my little boy’s heart jack hammering in my chest, I stood there a few second more and stared at the mirror me. A voiceless laugh was about to explode from my lungs when I heard a quiet rapping at the bathroom door as if someone was using only one knuckle. My heart, on the verge of calming itself, once again started thumping at full speed.
“Who’s in there?” Cory’s mom whispered.
It seemed my early morning antics had aroused her. At first I didn’t want to say anything, because for one I was scared and two, I was a bit embarrassed of my current situation. I wished at that moment for nothing more than to be at home, safe in my own bed.
“It’s Ricky,” I finally said after finding my voice.
“Oh. Is everything okay?” A short silence between both of us and then she said, “Ricky?”
I had to think quickly. Telling Mrs. Dayborne that I had walked into the bathroom and climbed into the clothes hamper in my sleep wasn’t something that I wanted to admit.
“I just have a little stomach ache,” I lied.
“Oh. Would you like some Alka-Seltzer?”
“No thanks. I’ll be fine.”
“Okay. Well, why don’t you lie back down after you’re done and try to fall back asleep? I’ll be up in a couple hours to make you boys some breakfast.”
Now I’d spent the night at Cory’s house probably twenty times over the years and I swear, the only breakfast that woman knew how to make was cold cereal. And that only consisted of putting bowls and a box of Fruit Loops out on the table. She wouldn’t even pour the milk.
“Okay, thanks,” I said, trying to sound a little ill so the lie would fit.
I stood there, waiting and listening. Finally I heard her bedroom door close and a few seconds later what sounded like bedsprings groaning.
Collecting myself, I took a few deep breaths, and let my heart settle once again. I managed to get out of the hamper without making too much noise and then stepped over to the toilet and flushed it, completing the illusion that I really did have a stomach ache and had just needed to take a good dump to relieve myself. There were clothes on the ground that must have fallen out, and I placed them back in the hamper.
After finishing in the bathroom, I went back out into the living room and lay back down in my sleeping bag. Cory and Jason slept on, unaware of what I had gone through in the last few minutes.
It was impossible for me to get back to sleep and I turned the TV on and found a Heckle and Jeckle cartoon, though I paid little attention to it. Instead I lay and stared out the sliding glass door that looked out into the backyard. It faced east and from my vantage point I could see the tip of the sun, low and pink in the sky.
All I could think about as I looked out onto the morning was my sleeping habits of late: first the Dark Dream and now sleepwalking. I racked my brain as to what could be happening to me and of course came up blank. I knew nothing of tumors or head injuries-not that I had a tumor or had hit my head recently-so of course these things hadn’t crossed my mind. All I knew was: I felt things were not right. It was a sense of claustrophobia mixed with a feeling of dread heaped onto a pile of trepidation.


NINE
I waited until about seven o’clock for Jason and Cory to wake up, and when they still hadn’t, I decided to roll up my sleeping bag, change back into my shorts and t-shirt and return home. I would rather have had my mother make me a real breakfast than sit through another bowl of Mrs. Dayborne’s multicolored, sugar laced cereal any day.
Mom was an early riser. She was out of bed every morning by six and this morning was no different. By the time I reached the front porch, I could smell the bacon she was frying up for my father and sister through the screen door. I let it bang behind me as I entered the house.
“Who is it?” my mother’s sweet voice rang out.
My sister, Susan, was planted about three feet from the television screen in our living room watching Looney Tunes, a clean cloth diaper on her butt and her thumb in the same place it always seemed to be, the first finger resting on the crook of her nose. She glanced up at me briefly and went back to her show.
“It’s me,” I called back to my mother, stopping to watch Elmer Fudd jerk his shotgun back and forth from Bugs Bunny to Daffy Duck, because he couldn’t figure out whether it was duck season or wabbit season.
“Me who?” was what she always said in a sing-song tone when we didn’t give her a specific name.
“Ricky, your loving son,” was my reply every time.
I turned from the TV and walked into the kitchen and gave my mom a hug and she kissed the top of my head and asked if I was hungry. I told her that I was.
She had also asked me why I hadn’t eaten at the Dayborne’s and I explained that no one was up when I woke and had decided to come on back home for one of her delicious morning meals.
I was served fried eggs, buttered toast and three strips of bacon, a meal fit for a king. There was nothing like being allowed to eat in the living room while watching cartoons in the morning, and I chose the coffee table to do my business.
My father went into the kitchen and inhaled his plate of food before giving my sister and me a pat on the head and heading out the garage door to his car, and his summer teaching job at Norco Junior.
It took the good part of three animated shows to off my breakfast; a Tom and Jerry and two Droopy cartoons. The food was spectacular as usual and when I finished mopping up the last of the egg yolk with my toast, I took my dish and glass back into the kitchen and dropped them in the sink.
By eight thirty, Jason had made it back from Cory’s house and we both went to our room to change into work clothes. Soon after, we were back on the side of our house pulling weeds and dead grass from the hill.
It took us until around noon again to get another twenty or so feet of weeding done. Mom had lunch ready for us as usual and after we bagged up the days work and put away the hand tools, we went in for peanut butter and honey sandwiches with dill pickles on the side.
We both showered after lunch. It had probably been a couple days since our last bath (not including our dip in Cory’s pond the day before), and headed back out into the ninety degree day. Like the day before, there were no clouds in the sky and the air all around was as dry as dusty cobwebs.
The two of us had grabbed our mitts and a tennis ball before we left our room. We headed to Steve Hanel’s house-which was next to Cory’s, on the right-to see if he wanted to get into a game of butt’s up, but as we neared his front door it opened up and his brother Jacob stood blocking the doorway.
Jacob Hanel was a total prick. He made Cory look like Little Orphan Annie. As the older brother of Steve and Jackie, he pretty much always had rule of the roost. Their mother worked two jobs to support her three kids and was usually gone most of the day.
“What do you little shits want?” Jacob asked in a tone that meant we’d better have a good excuse for coming to his door.
The kids around the neighborhood dreaded crossing paths with this psycho and we were no exception. We hated him and everything about him with a passion but always tried to stay on his good side-just in case-although now that I think about, I doubt that he even had a good side. Jacob had long brown hair that he kept in a ponytail most times and a thin mustache that looked like a caterpillar had died on his lip and was still rotting. He wore black leather cowboy boots that he thought made him look cool. If you heard them clomping up behind you it usually meant your ass.
“Can Steve play?” Jason asked trying not to show any fear. Because like a dog, we believed Jacob could sense emotion, and would bite for no reason.
“Can Steve play?” he mimicked back in a little girl voice, laughed and spat a loogey off into the planter that ran next to the garage. Even though he was eighteen, an adult by law, I swear he acted like he was nine. He constantly annoyed and harassed children ten years his junior.
He pulled a cigarette from a pack of Marlboros he had tucked in his shirt pocket and lit it with a silver Zippo, walked back inside. 
“Stevey-weavey? Your little girlfriends are here,” Jacob called out to his younger brother.
“Who is it?” We heard Steve yell back from somewhere deep in the house, maybe back in his bedroom.
“It’s those two queers from across the street,” the older brother shouted.
I couldn’t tell if it was the heat from the sun or the insult, but Jason seemed to turn a shade of red at being called a queer. I knew what it meant, but at that age I took no offence to it.
“Tell them to hold on,” he said, exasperated, possibly embarrassed for his brother’s juvenile behavior, knowing he probably wouldn’t ever change.
Steve emerged a few minutes later and sat on the front step to tie the laces on his dark blue Vans, a folded section of newspaper under one arm. He was sort of the leader of our little group when we all hung together-which was a lot-and at twelve-years-old we all looked up to him. He wore the coolest clothes: t-shirts with rock bands on them and Hang Ten shorts, two small feet stitched over the lower right pocket. His blonde, shoulder length hair was feathered and he always wore a red bandana around his forehead. We tried to copy him in every way possible except for the hair which our mother refused to let us grow long.
“I’m glad you guys came over. You didn’t happen to see the article in yesterday’s paper did you?” he asked.
My brother and I had no interest in newspapers and our parents didn’t have one delivered at home. Instead they chose to have their news fed to them via television.
“What article’s that?” I asked Steve.
He finished with his shoes and stood. “Let’s go get Cory and see if we can use his playhouse. I’ll read the article to you guys there.”
The three of us headed next door to Cory’s and were walking up the driveway just as Cory’s father came out of the house.
“Hello, boys,” Guy said, seeming distracted with something in a work folder. He must have been heading to work and got into his car and started it up just as Steve knocked on the front door.
Janeal answered after half a minute of waiting and all at once the three of us said, “Can Cory come out to play?”
With hands on her hips and a wry smile on her face, cold cool air seething through the open door, she said, “I think he was just about to come out and look for you guys.”
Cory slipped past his mother, and without a look back at her, headed out with us into the day. 
“Bye son. Be good,” Cory’s mom hollered after him. “Ricky, you feeling better now than you did this morning?”
I turned back and nodded, smiled.
Jason and Cory looked at me as we followed Steve across the lawn. “What was that about, Ricky?” my brother asked. “You sick this morning?”
“A little,” I lied again not wanting to reveal what had happened in Cory’s bathroom. “I just had a little diarrhea.”
Cory immediately stuck his palms to his mouth and proceeded to make farting noises. I looked down at my feet as we walked, saying nothing.
“Where we going?” Cory finally asked as Steve led us to Cory’s back gate.
“To your playhouse. I need to show you guys something,” Steve replied. He flicked the latch over and pushed through, the gate squeaked like a mouse dying a slow death.
We climbed up the slanted wooden ladder in order of oldest to youngest, holding onto the railing the whole way up. The playhouse sat on top and to the left of the ladder. After climbing up, you could either go straight and slide down the slide, or head into the small, wooden fort, which we did. There was a four-foot doorway that led inside and the other three walls had sliding wooden panels that served as windows. You could pretty much see in every direction from up there.
There was just enough room in the playhouse to accommodate the four of us with a little space left over in the middle when we all sat with our backs against the walls. Jason and I used our mitts as cushions to sit on. 
“What’s so important we all needed to come up her for?” Jason asked, turning to Steve. He tossed the tennis ball up and Cory shot his arm out and grabbed it.
“Okay, my brother wouldn’t let me out of the house yesterday, because he had a bug up his ass about me not mowing the lawns. So, I pretty much told him to eat shit and he locked me in my room. Fucking dick,” he said looking down and shaking his head. “Anyway, the newspaper form yesterday was sitting on my bed with some other magazines and stuff. I don’t read the paper much, but since I was going to be in there a while I decided to pick it up to pass the time with.”
“Where are you going with this, Steve?” Cory said in a smart-ass tone.
Steve turned to him and said, “Shut up, asswipe. I’m getting to it.”
Cory looked a little startled at this, and said, “Sorry.” He then flipped the ball in my direction. It bounced of my chest and landed in my lap.
Steve and Cory unlocked their gaze from each other and Steve went on. “I turned to the sports section first, to see how our Angels are doing. Sorry bastards. Then I checked the front section. Bunch of crap I could care less about. Wars, religion, some damn guy won a Pulitzer Prize or something. Like I said, crap I could care less about.” He stopped a moment; maybe to add emphasis and suspense to whatever news he had to share with us. He stared into our eyes, going from one to the other and continued. “Then, I turn to the local section. Check this article out.”
I passed the ball over to Jason with a flick of the wrist.
Steve picked up the folded section of newspaper that had been sitting in his lap since we sat down to conference and this is what he read to us:


GIRLS BODY FOUND NEAR TRACKS
Corona-The body of an 8-year old girl, missing from her home since Saturday, was found by a yard worker near the Main St. train depot.
Alan King, night foreman, came across the body of Amy Garret while doing routine checks of the breaking system on a Santa Fe owned train departing to Phoenix, Az. The body of the girl was found in an area normally used for illegal trash dumping, ten feet from the eastbound rail line.
“At first glance I thought it was just more garbage someone had left there. Then when I saw a shoe I figured it was a homeless person sleeping. It wasn’t until I got up close and saw the blonde hair that I knew it was a girl’s body,” King said. “I’ve got a daughter of my own younger than her. It’s a terrible thing.”
The girl’s parents, John and Morgan Garret, first reported their daughter missing when the mother went into the girl’s room Saturday morning and found that she wasn’t in her bed. When police arrived at the home, they noticed that the screen had been removed form the girl’s window.
Family and friends of the Garret’s were still being questioned about the disappearance, along with neighbors, to determine if there had been any unusual activity throughout the neighborhood recently.
Police Chief Daniel Steele gave a statement at the crime screen.
“It appears that the body of the young girl found near the railway, in the early morning hours of June 30, was indeed that of the missing child, Amy Garret. Upon arrival, the Corona police department was able to make a positive identification of the body through pictures the family had provided when she was first reported missing. It also appears that she was murdered and not struck by a train. The cause of death was strangulation and the device used, was found still around the girls neck. Our hearts go out to the Garret family, and this station vows to do everything in our power to bring Amy’s killer to justice.”
He also added that it was still too early into the investigation to rule in or out any suspects who may be involved in the girl’s death.
Another young girl, Melissa Brown, has been missing from her home since June 21st.  When asked if the two cases might be related, Chief Steele said that he hoped not, but was looking into every lead possible.
Amy Garret was a student at Lincoln Elementary School on Fullerton Ave. She had just completed the second grade.


Being so young, I didn’t immediately grasp everything behind the story, although I knew what death was. It meant game over. No more play. No more fun. But people died everyday and people would continue to die everyday. It was sad, but it was a fact of life. It didn’t make me feel good to hear when a child died and I actually felt a little bit of disgust and a bit of sorrow upon hearing about this particular girl’s untimely demise. 
Jason, Cory and I sat there in silence, mouths open, starring at Steve. Our tennis ball had ceased its passage from kid to kid and lay motionless on the floor in the middle of the playhouse.


TEN
After we had had time to let it all soak in, to go over all the information in the article-in our minds, Jason said, “What does it mean, Steve?”
“It means that this girl was kidnapped and killed!” Steve said, sounding almost excited.
“Well yeah, I know that, but why did you think it was such a big deal to read us the article?” Jason asked. “I mean it’s sad and all, but people die everyday. What’s so special about this?”
Cory and I sat there watching Jason and Steve go back and forth with each other with a growing interest, because in some small way we saw something that Jason didn’t. 
Steve didn’t get excited about things in general all that much. He wasn’t a genius, but he sure wasn’t a moron either, and when something piqued his interest you could bet he would make it exciting for the rest of us.
Folding the newspaper and sticking it under his right leg, freeing his hands, Steve said, “Okay, think about this. How many people live in Corona?”
The three of us stared at Steve for a moment before I said, “A million?” Of course there wasn’t that many, but I was guessing to get the conversation rolling quicker.
He shook his head.
Cory: “A hundred thousand?”
Wrong again.
Jason: “Do you know?”
This time Steve nodded. “The sign at the bottom of Magnolia says that the population is a little over nineteen thousand.”
Again the three of us held his gaze, waiting to see what he was getting at. Then, in unison, we all said, “And?”
He gave us a few more seconds of silence, an attempt to build up more suspense on his part, then, “Well I’ll tell you something else: Corona is about fifteen square miles. It may seem big to us, but compared to other cities like Riverside or Los Angeles, it’s small. But that’s not including all the citrus groves. If you add them it would probably be another fifteen.” 
Corona, founded at the height of the Southern California citrus boom in 1886, once laid claim to the title “Lemon Capitol of the World.” There were groves scattered throughout all of Corona.
“What’s a square mile?” I asked.
Steve was about to answer my question when Jason beat him to it. “Think of a square.” He drew an imaginary one on the floor of the playhouse with his finger. Tracing one side of it he said, “This line right here is a mile long. About how far it is from here to 7-Eleven. Going to the next invisible line he said, “This one here is also a mile long. So is this one and this one.” And by the time he had traced a box on the floor I had pretty much gotten the idea.
“Now put fifteen of those squares all next to each other to form one big square. That about right, Steve?”
Steve sat there with a smile, nodding his head in agreement. “That’s it. I’m glad to see someone’s using their brain.” The comment was directed at Cory who sat like a lump, bouncing the tennis ball that he’d picked back up.
“That still doesn’t explain why you read us the newspaper article,” Jason said. “Come on. I know there’s more.”
“I’m getting there. Now, we just said Corona’s about fifteen miles by fifteen miles and has about nineteen thousand people living in it, right.”
“Right. We know. Fifteen miles. Nineteen thousand. Get to it,” Cory said seeming almost bored.
Steve reached out and grabbed the tennis ball in mid bounce and handed it to Jason who stuck it in his lap. “How long have we lived here? I’ve been here since my dad… well since I was about seven. Six years or so. Cory?” 
None of us knew where Steve’s father was. It wasn’t that we were afraid to ask, we just never really knew if he wanted to tell us about him because he never spoke of him.
“My parents moved here before I was born, but they lived in one of the trailers in Crown Pointe. We moved to Cottonwood I think eight years ago when I was almost three,” Cory said racking his brain.
“What about you two?” This question was directed at my brother and me.
Jason answered. “My mom and dad lived in an apartment when I was born, but bought the house after it was built… so eight years too. Same as Cory. Why?”
“Well,” Steve said, “we’ve all been here in the Crown for more than five years. And we’ve all been hanging around together for about that long. In all that time, in all the places we’ve explored and all the stores we’ve been to, the arcade, the library, the Tumbleweed Connection, the Plunge, we’ve come across a lot of people. Wouldn’t you say?”
We nodded. Our city was big to us, but in all it was still a small suburban sprawl.
“I guarantee, no, I’ll bet all of you a thousand dollars, that whoever killed that little girl, and if they live in Corona, we’ve probably run across, or even met them.”
Wow. That was something new for us to think about. It did seem possible that one, if not all of us, might have met this killer.
“Where are you going to get a thousand dollars from?” Cory asked like a dope.
Steve rolled his eyes and said, “That’s not the point, dick. All I’m saying is what if this guy is someone we know. Wouldn’t that be crazy?”
We agreed that it would be. It even started to spark a little fear in me, and I was brought back to the Dark Dreams I had been having at night. 
Bubbles popping.
Voices screaming.
Children dying.
“I don’t know. You really think we might know this person? I mean what are the chances?” Jason asked.
“I’d say the chances were good,” Steve answered. “In fact, I’d say they were really good. You guys want to know why I think that?”
Children are curious, it’s a fact. Of course we wanted to know his theory on knowing the killer. And when he explained it, it knocked us for a loop.
“The reason I read you the article and the reason we may have met the killer is, well, I’ve already met the victim.”
We stared at him, mouths slack.
Jason said, “What?”
Steve nodded twice and said, “I knew Amy Garret.”


ELEVEN
“Bullshit,” Cory said, drawing the word out, challenging Steve to explain himself.
Steve sat there looking at each of us in turn, nodding. The day had become brighter and hotter. The temperature had changed considerably in our small conference room. We were sweating. 
“It’s true.”
“But how?” Jason asked.
“She was your friend?” I added.
Steve looked at me, maybe turning the question over in his mind. And then began his explanation of how he had come to know the dead girl.
“No. She wasn’t a friend really. But I met her a couple of times. You probably don’t remember, Ricky, but Cory and Jason might.”
I hated when people made such statements as, ‘You probably don’t remember,’ or ‘you were too young, so you wouldn’t remember…’ True, I was only eight, but I’ve always prided myself on my memory.. I can remember things that happened when I was still in diapers. My memory was great. And I did have a small recollection of what Steve was about to tell us, although I wouldn’t have recalled every detail.
“About two years ago,” Steve began, “my mom had gotten my sister Jackie into a Girl Scout group. Or maybe it was Brownies. Anyway I think she had come across an ad in the Parks and Rec magazine the city sends out every month. So my mom decided it would be a good idea to get Jackie into some sort of activity once a week. You guys know my sister doesn’t really have any friends. I guess she thought this would be a good way to make some.”
Steve’s sister Jackie tagged along with us every once in a while when we’d go out exploring or play hide n’ seek. She was a nice girl, but like he said she didn’t seem to have very many friends. None of us ever seemed to mind her coming along to the store or The Plunge or any of the other secret places we had found in our part of Corona. And to tell the truth, I had somewhat of a crush on her.
Steve went on. “Well, for the first couple of meetings, mom had to take Jackie to the other troop member’s houses. They switched off meeting places every week. And by the third week it was mom’s turn to have all the girls over to our house. I remember mom had kicked Jacob out of the house for the evening, just because she was afraid he’d act like an asshole in front of everyone. She asked me to help her out with the meeting, and don’t you guys go and start calling me a Girl Scout or else I’ll pound you. I only did it because… well, shit, she’s my mom. I always try to do what she asks.
“Anyway, I helped out with little things, like passing out badges a couple of the girls had earned. And they did some project where they glued stuff to a clothespin to make a picture holder or something. And towards the end, just before they were supposed to start cleaning up, I remember Amy came up to me. She couldn’t get the magnet to stick to the back of her clothespin. She looked like she wanted to cry. I guess she wanted to surprise her mom with it, but she was afraid it wasn’t going to turn out right. So I helped her out. 
“I went and got some super glue and we got the magnet to stick just fine. It was actually a pretty cool looking picture holder, and after she let it dry she came up and gave me a hug. You know, like to say thanks. I told her she was welcome and asked her, her name. I can still see her perfectly; her blonde hair, and blue eyes, and brown vest. She said, ‘Amy Garret.’ And the reason why the name stuck in my head is because around that same time I had watched a movie about Billy the Kid. One of his outlaw buddies was named Pat Garret. So the name just stuck I guess.”
He stopped for a few moments, staring, eyebrows tense, thinking. Then he went on, “She had come over one time after that to play with Jackie, but I didn’t talk to her then. And I think a couple weeks later, mom took Jackie out of Girl Scouts because she had to get a second job and didn’t have enough time to take her to meetings.”
We all sat there in silence, sweat dotting our lips like salty mustaches. A fat fly buzzed lazily into the playhouse, made a u-turn and headed back out into the sunlight. At last Jason said, “Does Jackie know?”
Steve snapped out of his reverie and answered him. “No. And I want it to stay that way. Don’t any of you guys tell her about it, okay? Amy was one of the only friends Jackie ever had and I don’t want her finding out what happened.”
“Alright,” Cory said. “Sorry I didn’t believe you. Man, that sucks.”
Jason and I bobbed our heads in an agreement not to say anything to Steve’s sister.
“What about your mom? Does she know?” Jason asked.
He shrugged his shoulders, his long hair bounced with the motion. “She didn’t say anything about it this morning before she left for work. Then again I don’t think she’d even remember who Amy was. It has been two years.”
“You remembered,” I reminded him.
“Yeah, but my mom’s had a lot going on in her life lately; working two jobs and all. I know she hasn’t stayed in touch with any of the Girl Scout parents.”
Cory said, “Man, that is crazy.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “But hey, enough of this crap. It’s too hot in here. Let’s go back to my house and play Star Trek or something.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. I loved playing Star Trek. We would climb up into the rafters of Steve’s garage where it would be cooler.


TWELVE
The air outside felt slightly cooler than that of the stifling heat in the playhouse. Although it must have been somewhere in the mid nineties, a weak breeze blew in over the mountains from the Pacific Ocean some thirty miles to the west. Up in the cloudless sky a flock of seagulls rode a thermal, a cyclone of feathers.
As the three of them headed for Steve’s garage, I took Jason’s baseball glove and mine, along with the tennis ball, back to our house. Butts up would have to wait for another day. Steve had also instructed me to bring back the walkie-talkies I had received as a gift from my parents last Christmas. We’d need them for Star Trek.
After finishing my task, and checking in with my mother, I headed over to the Hanel house. The Amy Garret story had stuck in my mind like congealed soup. It must have been terrible what she went through. Why did that poor young girl have to suffer like that? What would possess someone to kidnap an innocent child, torture, and brutally murder them in that fashion? 
Strangulation.
I had an inkling of what the word meant. Choked, was the best way I could describe it to myself back then. Choked with something like a rope. The device found still around her neck. The sick person hadn’t even had the decency to remove it. Like whoever had done it was bragging about it, showing off their work.
I needed to get the story out of my head, and a little playtime with the fellows would help out.
When I got to Steve’s, I walked to the door that led into the garage on the side. The larger door in the drive was still closed. I had to walk past the front door of the house to get there, trying to avoid Steve’s older brother Jacob in the process. He must have still been in the house with Jackie because I didn’t encounter him, thank God.
The guys where in the garage, already messing around and from the noise they were making, having a pretty good time at it. I grabbed the handle to the door and turned. It resisted in my hand, frozen in place. 
Locked.
I decided to knock on the door, the common thing to do when locked out of any room then changed my mind and kicked it a few times.
“Who is it?” came a voice, high pitched, made to sound female. It was Cory’s. That I could tell. Giggles followed.
“It’s Ricky,” I said. “Open up.”
I heard faint whispers, a few more chuckles, and some shushing sounds and then footsteps coming closer on their side. The door was cracked open a few inches and being so bright outside, I could see nothing inside the garage.
I pushed a little with my right hand and when I was met with resistance, pushed with my hip and shoulder. Still nothing. The guys were messing with me, and I didn’t find it one bit funny. I wanted in. I knew they were up to something and I wanted to be a part of it. There’s something about being young and hanging around with older boys, you always want to be doing what they’re doing. I looked up to them. Well not to Cory, but he was still okay. Sometimes.
“What’s the password?” This time the voice was meant to sound older, deeper. It was Steve’s.
Password? I knew nothing of any password. I just wanted in, to find out what they were doing. More giggles from their side.
“Come on guys. Let me in, huh.”
I was still pushing with the weight of my small body when the barrel of a rifle was poked out and aimed at my chest.
Whoa, I thought, what’s going on? I jumped back to the side up against the house, trying to keep from getting shot. The door opened all the way know and Steve was standing there with his BB gun in his hand, laughing. They all were.
“What’s wrong with you guys? You scared the crap out of me,” I told them. Which made them bust up even more. After a few moments I began to laugh myself.
Steve dropped the barrel so the gun was pointed at the ground and said, “Don’t worry, I didn’t even pump it.”
I walked into the dimly lit garage just as Cory said, “Better check his pants, he probably crapped ‘em.”
I stepped up to him and looked him in the eyes and said, “Why don’t you grow up, dummy?”
The one thing Cory didn’t like was being called stupid or dumb. It wasn’t that he was, but we all knew just as well as he did, that he wasn’t the sharpest knife in the drawer. The look on his face hardened.
“What did you say, you shit?” It was his best comeback. And as I turned away from him, he sucker punched me on the shoulder blade.
I staggered. “Ow, jerk!” I yelled as he started in for another swing.
“Knock it off, Cory!” The command from my brother stopped him cold. 
Jason was older than Cory, but smaller by an inch or two and a couple of pounds lighter. This made no difference to him when it came down to protecting me. I had no doubt in my mind that if it really came down to it, Jason could beat the living shit out of his best friend.
Cory and Jason held each other’s gaze a few seconds before Cory looked away. “Fine, but you just tell your little butthole brother here to watch himself,” he said with a huff.
After a second or two of silence Steve broke in. “Alright, girls, that’s enough. We didn’t come here to fight.”
“Yeah, are we going to play Star Trek or what?” I said and then noticed what they had been doing while I had run home. 
There were pictures taped to the inside of the big garage door. But not just any pictures. They were pages that had been neatly torn out of magazines, glossy and a little wrinkled. Naked women looked back at us with frozen expressions of ecstasy in different poses. Little holes and tears pockmarked their surface from where the guys had been shooting BB’s at them. 
“Whoa.”
“We’re playing something different right now, Ricky,” Steve explained. “Want to try?”
I nodded, my mouth hanging open, staring at about twelve different sets of breasts and a half dozen vaginas. They had set up a tall box for a makeshift gun stand about fifteen feet back from the big door, and had put a chair behind it to sit in while aiming.
“It’s twenty-five points for a tit, and fifty points for a pussy shot,” Jason told me.
I had shot Steve’s BB gun before, but had always had trouble pumping it up. So he loaded it and pumped it for me, then handed me the rifle. Sitting in the chair I laid the gun on the box to steady it, took aim, and after a second, fired.
Whap!
The small copper ball had taken the blonde somewhere near her bellybutton. Not a bad shot for an amateur marksman.
“Missed,” Cory yelled out.
After looking at him with slatted eyes I asked Steve if I could try again. He reloaded it, pumped it five or six times, and handed it back.
I aimed at a brunette this time.
Whap!
I hit just below her left breast.
“Does that count?” I asked.
“Close enough,” Steve said. “Twenty-five points.”
I handed the gun back to Steve who shot four or five times at different girls, scoring one hundred and seventy-five points. He then handed it off to Jason. Jason shot a couple times and then let Cory have a turn. We did this for about a half an hour before Jason’s curiosity got the better of him. 
“Hey. So, where did you get the pictures from anyway?” He said.
“I was wondering when one of you was going to ask,” Steve answered. And then with a sly smile on his face said,” You guys want to see something cool?”
We all looked at each other, and in unison started nodding.
“You bring those walkie-talkies like I asked, Ricky,” Steve said.
“Yep,” I answered and pulled one from my right pocket and one from my left. The hand held radios were small and had a range of about two hundred yards. There was a sticker of Batman on one and Robin on the other. My father had picked them up from Radio Shack and given them to me for Christmas about six months before.
“Well then,” Steve said. He could actually do a pretty good impression of James T. Kirk. “Man… your… stations!”


THIRTEEN
Steve Hanel, AKA Captain Kirk, always started our games of Star Trek off by saying ‘Man your stations.’ This consisted of us putting the large garage door up and the four of us sitting on it so we were facing into the garage up in the rafters. It became the deck of the Starship Enterprise.
Steve, Jason and Cory were like spider monkeys when it came to getting up on the topside of the door. They’d climb up the inside frame work of the garage walls, using it like wooden ladders. I on the other hand, was always afraid of falling and breaking my neck, so I had my own way of getting topside.
“You guys going to help me up?” I asked them.
“Of course,” Steve said, with a roll of his eyes. “Come on guys, give me a hand.”
The four of us went out of the garage through the small door and walked around to the driveway. On the front of the large door there were big wooden squares set in patterns. Their edges protruded about an inch. Just enough so I could stand on them with my feet sideways. I stepped up, grabbed my handholds at the top of one of the squares and clung to it like a gecko. The three of them then lifted the large, heavy door about halfway so it was at a forty-five degree angle. When it was in position I would scurry up on my belly under the huge frame of the carport till I was safely on the other end. Finally, using my weight, they would lift the door the rest of the way until it was fully ajar, me sitting pretty on the inside.
To me, Steve said, “Scotty, set a course…for…warp speed.”
On the rafters above the opened door, we had taken crayons and drawn circles and squares of varying colors. These were the computer’s buttons that controlled the ship and I began pushing them and making beep and boop sounds to engage our flight path.
The other three began to make their own way to the flight deck, climbing up the framework, when Steve said to Jason, “Mr. Spock, you stay below. I’ve…got…a…mission for you.” He even did Shatner’s jerks and arm thrusts for effect.
Jason turned to Steve and in his best Spock imitation replied, “A mission Captain?” His hands held behind his back like Leonard Nemoy’s character always did.
“Yes. Grab a communicator and toss one up to me.”
Spock did as he was told. He picked up the walkie-talkies from the washing machine where we had left them and pitched one up, underhand to Kirk who had taken his place at the helm in the middle of the garage door. They turned them on and tested them.
“Spock. Are we…on the same frequency?” Kirk spoke into the Batman radio.
And although we all heard Steve’s voice over the radio Jason held, Spock answered back, “Yes, Captain. I hear you.”
“Good. Scotty, prepare…to beam Spock down.”
Pushing a couple of the crayon buttons, issuing the beeps and boops when needed, I said, “Beam ready, Captain.”
“Your mission, Mr. Spock, is…Dead Grove planet. When you get there…I’ll guide you to where you need to go. Set your phaser to stun.” We didn’t have any toys that resembled the phasers they used on the show, so we usually just used our fingers as guns when needed.
“All ready, Captain,” Spock said and gave his famous hand sign, fingers split in the middle.
“Bones, be prepared with your medical bag if something happens to Spock while he’s on his mission.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Cory said, looking almost bored as he touched one or two of the fake buttons above his head, sans sound.
Our captain then gave me my command. 
“Scotty, beam him down.”
“Beep. Wheeller, wheeller, wheeller.” At the sound of being beamed, Jason ran out of the garage and headed for the short alley and gate that ran next to the Maherrin’s house. 
“Beam successful, Captain,” I informed him.
“Very good. Bones I need you to… PROOOCH!” Steve made this last sound as if we were being fired upon. He rocked the garage door with his butt as a special effect. “Oh no. It seems… that the Klingons… have found us. We’ve been hit. Bones, man the guns.”

“Damn it, Jim, I’m a doctor, not a gunman,” Cory said in a voice that sounded nothing like Dr. McCoy. And the one funny thing about that was that Cory’s dad, Guy, actually looked a lot like DeForest Kelley, although Cory, himself, did not.
“Just… do it… man!”
“Aye aye, Captain,” Cory said and crawled on hands and knees to the other side of the door. He grabbed a pair of gardening sheers and held them like a laser canon. “Pchoo. Pchoo. They’re hit, but not destroyed. Pchoo. Pchoo.”
Kirk swung around toward me, his red bandana covering the top of his eyes. “Scotty, put us in cloaking mode. Now!”
I reached for a button, my finger hovering an inch from it and turned to him and asked, “What’s cloaking mode?”
Off in the distance we heard a faint banging and rattling sound as Mr. Spock hopped the fence that led into Dead Grove.
With a shrug of his shoulders and a sigh, Kirk fixed his headband and said, “It means turn the ship invisible.”
“Oh,” I said touching buttons. “Beep, boop, boop.”
Kirk: “How we doing Bones?”
“Pchoo, pchoo. Got another hit on them.”
“Cease fire for just a second. Everyone remain silent. We’re cloaked, but they may be able to pick up on our sound waves.”
The three of us sat up there on the door not saying a word. Cory and I looked over at Steve who was staring up into the rafters, his hand raised to stay our speech. After another twenty seconds of silence, he said in a quite whisper, “Bones, set your gun to overkill. Scotty, prepare to change a course to the far side of planet Dead Grove.” 
“I’m not sure this is such a good idea, Jim,” Bones said. “We could blow ourselves into a black hole.”
“Trust me.” Kirk held his gaze at a rafter in the middle of the ceiling and after a couple more seconds said, “FIRE! Change course.”
“Pawoom.”
“Boop, beep, boop.”
Steve started bouncing up and down on the garage door making it feel as if we were experiencing some sort of heavy space turbulence. I thought the door was going to fall down and take us all with it.
“I canna hold ‘er togeda Captain,” I said.
“We blew them into smithereens,” Bones whooped and pumped his fist into the air.
Steve settled back and let the door still itself. “Good job, men. I’d… better check in with Spock.” He picked up the walkie-talkie from next to him, pressed the button and said, “Spock, what’s your location? Over.”
After a pause of a second or two a weak static reply came back from Jason. “I seem to be on some strange alien world. There’s dead trees and dirt everywhere. I’m currently standing next to some sort of small metal shack.”
Steve looked at both of us and abandoning the Kirk persona for now said, “He must be next to the water shack.” Then back into the radio, “Okay, now I want you to walk straight out into the groves and turn right at the first clear path you come to.”
“You mean the trail to the fort?” came the reply. Obviously he had given up being Spock as well.
“That’s the one. But don’t go all the way up to the fort. Radio me back when you get about halfway there and you see an old tire and a pile of wood.”
“Gotcha.”
Just then the front door to Steve’s house opened and slammed shut. Jacob came strutting into the garage, a cigarette dangling from the corner of his mouth. He stopped and leaned up against the water heater and said, “The fuck’s going on in here?”
Cory and I remained silent, looking anywhere except at Steve’s brother, pretending to be interested in the stuff stored up in the rafters.
“Nothing,” Steve said and shrugged.
“Well than how come I could feel the whole damn house shake while I was taking a dump right now.” He took a pull off the Marlboro and exhaled a plume of blue smoke.
Now we looked at Steve. We knew we were busted. 
“We were just playing,” he said.
Taking a step forward, meaning to look intimidating, Jacob shouted, “Well go do it somewhere else. You fuckers are going to break the damn door doing that. Besides I’m trying to relax.”
We all knew this meant he was in the house getting high. He was probably rolling up a joint while he was sitting on the toilet. His eyes were already considerably red and glossy.
Steve stared his brother down for a moment and when Jacob didn’t look away Steve did and said, “Come on guys. Let’s get out of here.”
Steve and Cory jumped down from their perch on the Starship Enterprise easily enough. I on the other hand had just as much trouble getting down as I did getting up. So I laid down flat on my stomach and let my legs dangle over the side so Steve could help me the rest of the way.
Once the three of us were on the ground, Jacob came over and said, “Well what do we have here? You girls sitting in here and jacking off to these pictures,” pointing up to the naked women plastered to the inside of the door.
“No,” Steve said back, looking a little embarrassed at the suggestion. “We were shooting at them, with the BB gun.”
The walkie-talkie on Steve’s hip crackled to life. “I found it. Now what?”
Steve picked it up and pressed the button. “Give me one second. We’re going to meet you over there.”
“Well take the pictures down so mom don’t see ‘em. She’ll probably think it was me,” Jacob said and returned to the house.
After he was safely out of earshot, Cory said quietly, “Yeah, go smoke some more dope, loser.”
We all laughed.
We then set to taking the pictures down and throwing them in the trashcans on the side yard behind the gate.
“We’re on our way,” Steve spoke into the radio. “Did you happen to find an old bowling ball bag under the wood?”
Two seconds of silence passed and then, “No but I’ll look.”
Pressing his button again Steve said, “Open the bag and check to see what’s in it.”
Steve grabbed his BB gun as Cory closed Steve’s garage doors and we headed to the alley next to the Maherrin’s. I was just jumping the gate that was meant to restrict access when Jason came back on the radio.
“Holy shit. Now I know where you got the pictures. Hurry up.”
Steve began laughing as we followed him into Dead Grove. 


FOURTEEN 
There were two rickety gates that opened up like giant batwing doors from an old saloon, leading into the alley-when they were unlocked. A Master's pad-lock kept them shut and denied access to all except city workers and those of us able to scale a six-foot fence. Steve helped me over by lacing his fingers together to form a footstep.
The three of us, on the other side, walked in between the Maherrin’s and the Pharris’s houses. Cinder block walls on each side separated their back yards from where we strolled. Steve carried his rifle over his shoulder like a confederate soldier going off to battle. 
The water distribution unit was housed in a large shed in the middle of the dirt lot at the end of the alley. After that, there was an eighteen-inch-high block wall that bordered Dead Grove. We hopped over it and made our way onto the dirt path that led in. At the far end of the path, Magnolia could be seen, and an open field lay beyond that.
A third of the way down and two rows from where we’d hang a right onto a trail that led through the decimated and decrepit trees, Cory turned to Steve and said, “So, are you going to tell us what you sent Jason over here to look for?”
Steve looked at him with a lopsided grin and answered, “Just wait, you’ll find out.”
“Come on man, I’m dying to know.”
“Let’s just say,” Steve said brushing a hand through his long feathery hair, “that it’s something really cool that we’re all going to enjoy looking at. Unless you’re queer. You’re… not queer are you, Dayborne?”
“Hell no,” Cory said quickly, insulted at the suggestion. He punched Steve on the arm and ran up the trail toward the fort and Jason.
“Asshole,” Steve called after him, rubbing his arm. “Watch this, Ricky.”
He loaded a BB into his gun, pumped it a couple of times and then waited until Cory was about thirty feet away, took aim, and fired.
Whap!
It took a second for the projectile to reach its mark, but it was a perfect shot, hitting Cory on the left butt cheek.
“Ow.” Cory yelled, and turned and flipped Steve off, still running and rubbing his backside. It wasn’t enough to break the skin, but for those of us who’ve been shot by a BB gun before, it must have stung like a bitch.
I started cracking up on the spot, doubling over. 
“Good shot.”
He grabbed me by the back of the neck, gave it a squeeze, and said, “Come on,” and started jogging up the trail himself.
I followed at a slower pace, taking in the surroundings. For a place so devoid of live plant life, it always seemed oddly beautiful to me. Tumbleweeds had grown, died, and been blown about in all directions looking like skeletons from some alien planet. The orange trees were bare and leafless, the bark brown, the skin beneath, a light yellow where it had peeled away from the trunks. Brown dirt, brown weeds, and old discarded boards and boxes littered the area making it a bland landscape set in sepia tones. The only thing that gave it any color and broke the dullness was the blue sky above.
Ground squirrels darted here and there, giving some life to this dead forest. Our mother sometimes took Jason and Susan and me for walks on the dirt path that ran around Dead Grove. She would load our pockets with peanuts and sunflower seeds, treats for the small fury creatures that lived within.
I caught up to the guys at the Fort. 
The Fort was an area of about seven feet by seven feet. It had been cleared out, the trash and debris having been pushed to the sides in between the deceased orange trees. I can’t exactly remember how we had found it-probably just out exploring one day-but we had been claiming it as our own for a couple of years by that time. Cries of ‘Look at this one’ and ‘Whoa, check out the set on her’ followed by laughter filled the air as I approached. A murder of crows cawed back and forth to one another at the east end of the grove.
“So what is it?” I asked. “What did you find, Jason?”
Sitting on discarded crates, the guys flipped over the magazines they’d been sifting through, and showed me the find. Women with legs splayed and mouths open as if crying out, filled the pages.
“Whoa. Let me see,” I said.
Steve reached down and tossed me an old bowling ball bag. I sat down on a flattened cardboard box and opened it to reveal about ten magazines inside. Some with names like Swank and Hustler and Cherry, the girls on the covers looked back as if they wanted something, begged for it.
I had a little bit of an idea of what sex was. Jason and Cory had explained it to me-to the best of their knowledge anyway-about a year before in Cory’s playhouse.
“Guys have dicks, and girls have pussies,” Jason had said.
“Yeah, and the guy takes his dick and puts it in the girls pussy. And that’s how they make a baby,” Cory finished.
It was a rough explanation of how the ‘Deed’ was done, but in the end I got and understood the process. I knew that boys and girls private parts were different, although the concept of the two coming together that way was lost on me until those two had shed some light on the subject.
Now, pulling out a magazine at random, with the name Busty on it, I flipped it open to the middle section and looked at a woman with colossal sized breasts. I grew hard almost instantly and was a little embarrassed at the thought of the other guys finding out. But after seeing them pushing down on the crotch of their own shorts, I knew the same thing was happening to them as well and I relaxed a bit.
A moment later, Cory, tapping a centerfold with his knuckle said, “Man, I’d do her in a second.” He turned the picture around to Jason, who, wide eyed, nodded his agreement.
“Cory,” Steve broke in, “You wouldn’t know what to do with a naked girl.” And then picked up a dirt clod and whipped it at him.
Cory was fast though. He lifted the magazine to block Steve’s throw and the clod exploded in a puff of dust on a naked brunette’s ass, the whole time the squirrels ran back and forth collecting what little food they could find and the crows kept at their council a hundred yards away.
We all looked through the dirty magazines for a half an hour or more, switching off with each other and pulling more porn out of the green bag as we went along. There was talk of what one of us would do to a girl and how we’d do it. Snide remarks like ‘I bet you couldn’t even get it up,’ were exchanged along with lots of laughter.
“Hey, Jason,” I said holding up a picture of a blonde; “she looks a little like Amber, doesn’t she?” 
With angry eyes and a serious look on his face, he shook his head furiously, as if to tell me to keep my mouth shut.
Steve put his smut mag on his lap, looked at Jason and asked, “Who’s Amber?”
“No one,” he said quickly and went on looking through the photos.
“It’s his girlfriend from Mrs. Simmons’s class,” Cory answered.
“Is not. Shut up, both of you!” Jason snapped.
Steve being the oldest and the leader was never easily brushed off and never let anything go that he wanted heard. He rolled the magazine up and pointed it at Jason. “Come on, Sinfield. Out with it.”
Jason rolled his eyes and then closed them. “She’s just this girl from class. Amber Nelson.”
“Is she your girlfriend?” Steve asked.
“No.”
“Do you want her to be?”
A second of silence from Jason, then he quietly said, “Maybe.”
I started in with, “Jason’s got a crush. Jason’s got a crush,” as Cory made kissing sounds.
Steve seemed irritated. “Knock it off, you two.” Then, to Jason, he said, “There’s nothing wrong with that. I happen to like girls too. Unlike these two fags,” and hooked his thumb in our directions.
“Hey, I like girls,” Cory rebutted.
“So do I,” I said. “Except the ones with cooties.”
Steve laughed and we all dropped the subject of Jason and his classroom crush and went back to the dirty photos. It was more pornography than I’d ever seen before in my life. Jason and I had gone into our parents closet once and found two Playboy magazines that belong to our father. Those pictures had shown women baring it all too, but in a more glamorous way. The girls were beautiful in those glossy pages, showing their breasts and butt in much more subtle poses.
In the magazines Steve had, they showed girls with their legs fully spread apart. You could see everything a girl had to offer a man in those pictures. In some there were men with huge penises halfway inside the girls, a look of sinful ecstasy on both their faces. In others, girls with other girls, kissing and playing, using fingers instead of penises. It was sick. It was immoral.
It was awesome.
“So where did you find all these, anyway?” Jason asked.
Steve, done looking at the photos, picked up the magazines on the ground in front of him and shoved them back into the bag and said, “In the trashcan on the side of my house. I think my mom must have found them in Jacob's room and thrown them out. I took them and hid them over here a couple of days ago. You guys can’t tell anyone about them, okay.”
At once, my brother and I said, “Okay.”
“Who would we tell anyway?” Cory followed.
 And then seeming to think something over, Steve said, “I don’t know.” He was quiet for a time before he spoke again. “Hey, listen. I was thinking of something though; that Amy Garret girl, the one from the newspaper article that got killed the other day.”
“Ah oh, detective Hanel’s at it again, I can feel it,” Cory said in a smartass tone.
“What about her?” Jason asked and handed a copy of Legal Gal back to him.
Steve grabbed it and the one Cory was reading and put them away. I got up, covering the front of my shorts with my hand, and put mine in the bag as Steve said, “Well, there’s one girl dead and another girl missing. And in the newspaper the cops said they didn’t think that the two were related.”
“So. What are you getting at Sherlock? You going to solve the case of the dead girls,” Cory mocked.
“Dead girl, dickweed,” Steve corrected. “The other one’s just missing. She could have just run away from home.”
“Is that what you think?” I asked him.
“No,” he said with a sigh. “But I’ll bet whoever kidnapped Amy Garret, kidnapped the other girl too.”
“You think she’s dead?” Jason questioned.
Steve looked at him for a second and said, “I hope not. But more than likely, if the same person kidnapped her, she is.” He looked at each of us in turn and then went on. “You guys know what a serial killer is?”
Jason and Cory nodded.
I said, “You mean like breakfast cereal?” not even trying to be funny.
“No,” Steve said to me with a chuckle. “Serial, with an ‘S’, I think. Anyway,” he was now looking at me, “a serial killer is someone who goes on like a killing spree. Murders a bunch of people and gets a kick out of it. Like Ted Bundy or Son of Sam.” Now he turned back to Jason and Cory. “What if it’s a serial killer that got those two girls? Wouldn’t that be nuts? A serial killer in Corona.”
The three of us thought over Steve’s question in silence for a few seconds. A crow flew over and cawed three or four times in the afternoon sky just before the twig snapped.
Looking at the three of us, Steve asked, “Did you hear that?”
“What, the crow?” Cory said a little too loud.
“No, no,” Steve waved a hand for him to shut up, and in a whispered voice, said, “it sounded like a footstep.”
A moment of silence went by that seemed to take an hour and we all strained to hear any sound at all, but Dead Grove was silent.
Then another twig. 
Snap.
The four of us looked at each other with wide eyes and scanned our surroundings. There wasn’t much to see, though. Tumbleweeds, trash and other junk blocked most of the rows of trees and made it almost impossible to get a look at anything beyond a twenty-foot radius. The crows had ceased their banter and the squirrels had all retreated back to their holes. It was as quiet as a tomb.
“Maybe it’s the killer,” Cory said, and made sounds like a ghost. “Wooooooh.”
Snapping his fingers, Steve made a shushing sound, which shut Cory right up. “Someone’s over there,” he mouthed and pointed to his right.”
A shuffling noise, then another twig.
Sweesh. 
Crack.
“Jason, I’m scared,” I said.
“It’s alright,” he told me. But as he said it, we all saw movement behind a massive pile of tumbleweeds.
It wasn’t until a ghastly inhuman head rose up from behind an old rusting refrigerator, fifteen feet behind Cory, that I started to scream.


FIFTEEN
Back in January of that same year, my brother and I had slept over at Cory’s house one night. As per usual, his mother and father had made us popcorn and served us soda and set up a movie in their video player before retiring to their bedroom with a gallon jug of wine. We had done it countless times in the past, snacks and drinks while we lay in our sleeping bags and had fallen asleep to a movie. But this particular night was a little different. It wasn’t some kiddy cartoon or an action adventure movie that we stayed up to watch until midnight. Oh no, it was better. Or so we thought at the time.
Cory had been begging his mom for some time to rent George Romero’s Night of the Living Dead. Of course his mom being sweet and loving and concerned for her youngest child was worried that it would bring him nightmares after the first viewing and had refused. But Cory had been persistent, begging, pleading, and throwing an occasional temper tantrum, trying to whittle her down. After a couple months of this, she let in and got the movie from GO Video around the corner from us.
He of course kissed her ass afterwards, thanking her for finally renting it for him. Inviting us over that night to watch it with him was something else he had to beg his mom for as well. There was no way he was going to watch it alone, and Janeal was worried that it might frighten all of us-especially me-to the point she’d have three scared boys sleeping in bed with Guy and her by the end of the night. But we promised her that it wouldn’t come to that.
Jason and I didn’t tell our mother that we would be seeing this particular film before we asked to spend the night at the Dayborne’s in fear that she wouldn’t have let us stay there if we had. We also knew it would be a scary movie, but like all kids, we thrived on terror.
Christy, at twelve, and probably braver than the three of us put together, sat on the couch and watched the first ten minutes of the movie with us. While munching her own bowl of popcorn, she got up to “use the bathroom” just as the first zombie started to attack Barbara in the cemetery. We didn’t see her for the rest of the night.
The movie was put in at around ten o’clock and didn’t finish playing until after eleven-thirty. Not a word was passed between us as we sat watching the horror flick. I had to shut my eyes more than once as I assumed Jason and Cory did as well. 
It was the first horror movie that I had ever seen. I can’t say the same for the other two, but I know they were feeling the same way I was when it was over.
There are zombies outside the house and they’re coming to get us.
The three of us were nowhere near sleep by this time. Cory changed the TV to something a little less dreadful. He found Johnny Carson doing his late show with a guest comedian and it broke the tension between us. For a while.
We sat up and chatted in low hushed tones, so we wouldn’t disturb his parents, got more sodas out of the fridge and made trips to the bathroom together.
Night of the Living Dead was not brought up again that night. We talked of other things like baseball and who the coolest teacher at Stallings Elementary was. 
But the feeling of dread was still with us. It was with me at least, I know that.
Jason and Cory fell asleep somewhere around two in the morning while I lay awake, staring at the ceiling, thinking of zombies, petrified. I was close to tears at one point, about to go knock on Janeal’s bedroom door, but remembered the promise we’d made her. I also knew I wouldn’t be invited back to spend the night again if I did.
I think I contemplated going on back home after a couple hours of shivering in my sleeping bag-and not because it was cold-but knew there would be no way to get inside our house. All three doors would be locked. Besides, there were zombies roaming the streets, and I couldn’t take the chance of meeting up with one.
I never did fall asleep that night. The fear that movie instilled in me was too great. But at six o’clock that next morning, after the sun had come up, I snuck out and went back across the street to our house. I knocked on the front door lightly. My mother opened it up in her bathrobe and asked me what I was doing home so early. Of course I broke down and told her about the movie and to my relief she wasn’t upset that we had watched it. She was concerned about me not going to sleep all night and made me a cup of hot chocolate and sent me to my bed, letting me sleep until noon.
For two weeks after, I had to have the light on in my room, one on in the hallway, and my mother sitting vigil next to my bedroom door before I fell asleep at night. Jason didn’t seem to mind all that much either and after a while that frightening black and white movie slowly lost its grip on me and I soon returned to a normal sleep routine.
But if you rolled those two weeks of night terrors up into one instance, into one feeling, it would describe how I felt the moment I saw that demon head rise up from behind the refrigerator in Dead Grove after the four of us had finished with our magazines.


SIXTEEN
It wasn’t a monster from some nightmare place though and it didn’t have horns like I thought at first. But it was evil looking, with red bloodshot eyes and fangs and drool. The horns were actually ears perked up, taking in sound like miniature radar dishes.
The second I started screaming, I was up and off like a gunshot.
From over my shoulder I heard Steve yell, “Ben’s loose!” accompanied by the sound of furious clack, clack, clacks, as he loaded and pumped up his BB gun.
Mr. Gagner’s St. Bernard, Ben, had gotten out of the front gates of his property and had found his way into the dead orange grove next door. The dog had probably come over to hunt rodents and lizards and then picked up our sent. A wail closely resembling an air horn erupted from his hairy throat.
Jason and Cory had also vacated the Fort and were following me at a fast pace some thirty feet behind. The sound of Steve’s rifle firing accompanied by a howl of pain rose all around us, and then he too was running as fast as he could down the narrow trail.
I was fast for an eight-year-old. It took me about five seconds to reach the dirt path that would lead back to the alley. When I got there, I slowed and turned back to see where the others were.
Jason was halfway down with Cory on his heals. Steve was a few yards behind, loading another BB and pumping as fast as he could while we ran. Ben was just pushing his way through the broken branches and tumbleweeds and bramble that surrounded our fort.
The chase was on.
“Go, go, go,” Steve yelled, seeing that I had stopped on the path. 
Breaking through the bushes and dead foliage, the beast that was Ben let out an ear splitting howl that sent shivers down my spine. His massive paws made wumphing sounds on the dirt as he began his gallop toward us.
On Steve’s command, I turned and headed for the alley. Jason and Cory passed me as we came to the low brick wall that bordered Dead Grove. I had to slow down, hop on top of the wall and jump down as they easily leapt it like two gazelles.
Whap!
Another shot was fired from the rifle at the crazed hound and a high-pitched shriek followed soon after. The BB had found its target once again. 
Just before leaving the dirt lot that housed the water unit and coming to the paved section that led to the gate, I checked back over my shoulder again to see if Steve had been mauled. He hadn’t, but Ben had stopped at the end of the trail where it met the path and was rubbing one if it’s paws over its nose. Maybe the last shot had taken him in the muzzle, put out an eye or something. It would serve that damn dog right.
Steve, running toward me, his hair flapping like a tattered flag in the wind, jumped the low wall, as Jason and Cory hit the gate at the other end. Within a split second they were up and over.
Ben started his chase again, barking rapidly from somewhere low in his throat. Saliva dripped from his droopy jowls as he too, easily cleared the small brick wall and continued on his course of child hunting.
I was almost to the gate myself, about ready to leap up and grab onto the cross boards and use them like a ladder, when Steve said, “Watch your feet!”
I jumped hard, and slammed into the wooden barricade and Steve, still running fast behind me, bent down, brought the gun level with the ground and pushed it under. It scooted and bounced and slid out the other side. Without stopping, he leapt and slammed all of his hundred and ten pound frame into the gate, found his footing on the top board and leapt down the other side like a trained acrobat. His impact shook the gate while I was still trying to get my foothold and the reverberation launched me back into the alley, and toward the murderous dog. I landed hard on my side, skinning my elbow and twisting my foot.
As I looked back at the furry train barreling down on me, I thought to myself, He remembers me. I climbed his fence yesterday to get an orange and he didn’t like that. It’s payback time.
“Help me,” I screamed as I scooted back on my butt toward the gate. “He’s going to eat me.”
Ben was now forty feet back and charging hard.
My shoulder blades came into contact where the two gates came together and I could feel the six-inch gap that separated them.
Thirty feet. 
Barking and slobbering. Knowing that he had me.
“Please, you guys. Steve, shoot him again,” I begged.
Twenty feet. 
I could feel the ground vibrate with every paw slap. I swear I could smell him.
Fifteen feet.
Suddenly arms shot through the gap from underneath, grabbing my hair and shirt and belt loops. They pulled.
I didn’t budge at first, but after a few more yanks and tugs my head was squeezed through the tight wooden opening. It felt like a vise surrounding my skull at first and I was sure my eyeballs would pop from their sockets.
More pulling, and then my head was all the way through. But my chest was stuck. Jason yelled, “Let out your breathe!”
I did as I was told and they pulled harder one last time with all they were worth and the alley gave birth to me back onto Cottonwood as the angry dog snapped and caught the tip of my slip-on and took a small piece of rubber back with him.
Not quit crying but damn near tears, I got to my feet and brushed myself off. I took a step and almost fell. My ankle hurt something terrible. It wasn’t sprained, but it did feel like it might swell.
Ben was trying to push his massive head through the narrow opening of the gate, snapping and barking and making a fuss. He had come close to taking me down, but I had escaped his clutches. I didn’t know it at the time, but we would meet him face to face again in the days to come. And the next time we wouldn’t have a fence-wood or wrought iron-to protect us.
As I limped around, trying to work the pain out of my ankle, Steve walked up to the furry beast and brought the butt of the small rifle down on the his muzzle. Ben let out an injured yelp, and kept up his tirade of barks. A paw shot threw the bottom a few times, as if he might be able to grab one of us and pull us back through.
After the hurt in my lower leg subsided some, I decided to get my two cents in. I wasn’t going to let this filthy mutt torment me any longer. Most children have a stubborn side to them and I had reached my boiling point. This dog was about to get it.
I set my self up in a place kicker’s position; back three steps and over three steps. That crazy son of a bitch’s head was going to be my football and I intended to punt fifty yards. 
My left foot came forward. Then my right. Then the left, one more time, and as I raised my right leg to kick him in the chops, I heard an authoritative, “Leave ‘im alone.”
It stopped me dead in my tracks. But as I halted I actually saw Ben squint his eyes together, bracing for the blow that never came, and the dog was spared a sore jaw.
We looked to our right, to the Maherrin’s house, and saw the man that was renting their guesthouse standing on the front lawn, a can of Coors in his hand. 
Mark Payne.
“What the hell’s going on,” he said with a shrug of his shoulders and a sip of his beer. He didn’t sound pissed, just curious.
The four of us were silent for a moment, and then Steve spoke up on our part. “That damn dog just tried to kill us. We were minding our own business and he just started chasing us through Dead Grove.”
“Dead Grove?” Mark questioned.
“Yeah,” Steve replied, with a wave of his hand, “It’s what we call the orange groves behind the houses here. We sort of have a fort in there.”
We immediately looked at Steve, brows furrowed. He had told of the location of the Fort. That was a no-no in our book. No one was supposed to speak of the whereabouts of any of our secret places and he had just broken a sacred rule.
“So you guys were at your fort and that dog came out of nowhere and started chasing you. Is that right?” Mark asked.
Ben had stopped his yapping, but he remained behind the gate, looking out at the four of us, panting. Maybe he thought that Mark was someone sent to help him. Like he’d grab the four of us and throw us back over into the alley so he could devour us.
Steve nodded.
“Well, seems to me, he’s just doing what dogs were meant to do. Chase things. Although I don’t think a dog like that should be let out of its yard, it appears that you boys were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Who owns the dog?”
“Mr. Gagner, up the street,” Cory told him. “He’s kind of an assho- I mean he’s kind of mean.”
Mark tilted his head and looked at Cory, took another sip of his beer. 
“Hey, Cory, how’s that leg of yours doing?”
“It’s okay. Thanks.”
“That’s good. You guys want me to go up and have a talk with Mr. Gagner about his dog?” Mark asked us.
We thought about it for a minute and finally Steve said, “Naw. Ben usually stays in his own yard. And anyway, like Cory said, Mr. Gagner’s kind of grumpy. It would probably just start a fight between you two.”
“Okay,” Mark said, “it’s your world.” He downed the last of what was in the beer can, crushed its middle with his fist and burped. He threw the can on the front lawn and hopped over the three-foot wall that separated the Maherrin’s yard from the alley’s entrance and stood between us. Then he did something that was cool as all hell. At least we all thought it was.
Looking at us, he smiled, cracked his knuckles, and like a flash, turned to the gate and kicked it. “Baawwaawwaawwa,” he yelled/barked at Ben through the gap.
The Saint Bernard gave a scared yap and bolted back for Dead Grove, tail between his legs. And looking through the gap, we could see a puddle at about the same spot his back legs had been seconds before.
Mark had seemed really cool to us at that moment. A man that looked to be in his late twenties and had nothing better to do than come out of his rented room to stop a group of kids from beating the crap out of a dog. Then in turn scaring the piss out of it and sending it on its way.
“Well there you go boys. No more dog to bother you. By the way, my names Mark. I know Cory already, but who are your guys?” he asked pointing to Steve, Jason and me.
“Steve.”
“I’m Jason.”
“I’m Ricky.”
“Alright. It’s a pleasure. That’s a cool gun, Steve. I used to have a Red Rider when I was a kid.”
“Mine’s a Daisy eight-eighty,” Steve told him.
“Bitchin’. Can I check it out?” Mark asked.
Bitchin’. It wasn’t the first cuss word he had used in our presence in the few minutes we had all met, but the casual way he talked to us made us like him immediately.
“It’s nice. You mind?” he said, asking for permission to shoot it.
Steve shook his head. “Go for it.”
Mark loaded a BB into the chamber and pumped it five times. And then he did something else that was cool as hell. He held the gun in his right hand, barrel pointed at the sky, finger on the trigger. And then with one quick burst, he had the barrel pointed straight out to his side.
Whap!
The beer can on the grass jumped just an inch. He had shot it holding the gun as though it were a pistol. Like some outlaw biker with a sawed off shotgun.
Needless to say, we were speechless. The four of us stood there, wide-eyed and slack jawed in amazement.
“Cool.” I heard someone say, and then realized it was me.
“Bitchin’,” Jason said a little loud and covered his mouth with a hand, knowing he shouldn’t have cussed in front of an adult.
Cory stepped to the wall and hopped over it. When he was on the other side he trotted over to the grass, grabbed the can, looked at it and said, “No way!”
When he brought it back to us for inspection, we all saw right away that the BB had hit dead center of the second O in Coors.
Steve grabbed the can from Cory and turned it over in his hands. Sure enough on one side there was a neat, little hole were the ball had entered and on the other, the exit hole. It looked like some strange, tiny, metal flower had bloomed there.
“Can you teach me to do that,” Steve asked.
“Hey now. That was just a lucky shot. I was aiming for the can, but not for the O.” Mark looked like he was deep in thought, then said, “You know, I’ve got a lot of empty cans out in the back yard. You guys want to come back and do some target practice? The Maherrin’s won’t be back for a couple more hours.”
“Hell yeah,” Cory responded.
“Sure. If it’s alright,” Steve said.
Mark looked at us, waiting for an answer.
Jason finally said, “We can’t. It’s getting late. Mom’s going to have dinner ready soon. Maybe next time.”
“I’ll tell you what,” Mark said to us, “Whenever you guys want to come over, just go through the side yard and knock on the door to the guest house. Okay?”
“Okay. Maybe we’ll see if we can come back over after dinner.”
We said our good-byes and Jason and I headed back across the street to the comfort of our own house. There were no crazy dogs or serial killers there, only good food, warm beds and plenty of love.


SEVENTEEN
We had decided not to go back over to the Maherrin’s to hang out with Steve and Cory and our new older friend, Mark, after dinner. Actually, Jason decided for the both of us. Instead we opted to hang out with the family, have a little dinner and then watch some TV. 
It was spaghetti night at our house. Now, our mom was an excellent cook, but I swear, the woman had no right in tampering with this Italian meal. Her recipe consisted of half a jar of tomato sauce over cooked noodles. That was it. Nothing else.
But we ate it anyway and we always thanked her every time she made it.
During supper, the topic of the Fourth of July came up. It was now only three days away.
“Dad? Are we going to grandma and grandpa’s for the Fourth again?” I asked my father as he washed down some noodles with milk.
Our grandparents lived in Downey, a forty-five minute drive from Corona, west down the 91 freeway. It was a yearly tradition to go there every Independence Day.
Dad, after slurping up another forkful of his dinner, said, “I don’t know. Is that what you want to do?”
Huh? This was somewhat odd that he’d ask me this. I had never been the deciding factor on anything before. Was he really giving me a choice as to where we should go for the holiday?
I looked at my dad for a second, then over at Jason, whose fork had frozen halfway to his mouth, a furrowed brow of concern on his young face, and then looked back at dad. I just shrugged and waited to see what he would say.
Addressing both Jason and me, he said, "Would you boys rather stick around here and hang out with your friends?”
“Yeah,” we said almost too quickly.
Jason tried to cover it up with, “That is… if… you know… you don’t want to sit through traffic again going to grandpa’s. It’s okay with us. Right, Ricky?”
I nodded my head in agreement to show that it was hunky-dory that we stick around the neighborhood.
Dad then turned to Susan and even asked her approval of the situation. “How ‘bout you, Scooter? That okay if we stay home for the Fourth?”
She nodded, thumb stuck in her pie hole.
“Well, Juanita,” dad said, “you want to tell them about the surprise? Or should we make them wait until Friday?”
After dabbing at the corner of her mouth with her napkin, mom raised her eyebrows as if concerned, sighed, and said, “I don’t know, Gary. Some of the kids in the neighborhood might not know about the fireworks show- oops.” She covered her mouth in a conspiring gesture. “I think I might have said too much.” Her eyes darted back and forth to each of us in comical cartoon fashion.
Three sets of eyes lit up at the dinner table at that instance. And three children smiled.
A fireworks show?
What did that mean? And where was this so called fireworks show going to be held?
At the city park? At the high school? Of course, there was a show at the high school. They had one every year.
“What fireworks show?” Jason and I asked.
Our dad broke in to laughter at seeing our expressions and the way we had posed our question. A bit of noodle shot from his mouth and landed back on his plate.
When mom’s giggling had subsided some, she explained. “I spent most of the morning and some of the afternoon calling neighbors to see if they would be interested in staging a block party.”
A block party? On our street? Oh, this was too good to be true.
“Most of them thought it was a great idea,” mom went on, “although about half of the families will be out of town. But we should still have about forty or so people from Cottonwood attending. And if word gets around, the families from Aspen and Redwood are welcome as well.”
“Cool,” Jason exclaimed.
“That sounds like fun,” I added.
Our own block party. 
Our father had bought our house when it was first built in 1973. And in the nine years that the tract had been there, this would be the first official neighborhood get-together on our street. It suddenly felt like Christmas Eve in July. Jason and I were busting. And by the way she was working her thumb over, Susan seemed quite pleased herself.
When he was done washing down another bite of his food with his milk, Jason asked, “How’s it going to work? I mean, where’s everyone going to sit? On their lawns or the sidewalks or something?”
Mom had another mouthful of pasta she was trying to get down, and when she finally swallowed, she dabbed at her mouth with her napkin again and placed it back on her lap. She said, “Well, I also called up city hall and talked to a few people. I was able to obtain a permit for fireworks as long as a certified firefighter was at the party at all times. And Andrew from up the street said that his family and he would be there. So we’ve got that covered.”
Andrew Moore and his family lived across the street and up three houses from us. His main source of income came from his trade in flooring; carpet, tile, and linoleum. He was also a certified volunteer firefighter.
“And,” she went on, “we’re going to put up two saw horses with flashing lights; one at the top of Cottonwood, and one down by Aspen. That way no one can drive in or out and everyone’s safe to walk anywhere they please. The food and drinks and the fireworks show will all be done right out front of our house in the cul-de-sac.”
“Man, that’s gong to be great,” Jason said with spaghetti sauce dribbling down his chin.
“Oh, I can’t wait. Are we going to get sparklers?” I asked.
“Sure. I guess so. We can get some sparklers,” dad answered. “But the only thing is, we can’t have any of the big fireworks.” He looked a bit disappointed at this revelation.
“No big ones?” Jason said. “What do you mean?”
As dad shoveled the last of his noodles and sauce into his mouth, mom answered, “Well, it’s illegal to shoot the big ones off; the kind that go into the sky. We can only light ones that stay on or near the ground.”
When Jason finished with his last bite of food, he said, “But they shoot those ones off over at the high school.”
“Yeah,” dad explained after wiping his mouth and throwing the wadded up napkin onto his plate, “but there aren’t any houses around the school. The city’s just afraid that one might fall back down on a house and catch it on fire.”
“Oh.”
It didn’t matter. No big deal. Even if we only had the kind that stayed on the ground, it would still be cool. The thought of running up and down the street with a sparkler twirling in each hand gave me butterflies. It would be a great party. I just knew it. All thanks to our parents.
Three days is an eternity for a kid to wait, but it would pass. And the Fourth would be here soon enough.
As mom put away the dishes after dinner, dad retired to his den to grade school papers. Jason, Susan and I went into the living room to watch an episode of Three’s Company but most of the show was lost on me, as I was busy imagining what our block party would be like.


EIGHTEEN
Sometime that night, or early the next morning (I couldn’t tell which), I woke up staring at the ceiling. The room was dark, but I could make out shapes from the light that seeped in through the windows.
I couldn’t move.
My eyes were wide open and yet my body parts refused to function on my brain’s command. 
What was going on?
I could hear Jason’s labored breathing from across the room, so my ears seemed to work fine. But it was as if all of my body had decided to shut down on me. All except my eyes and ears. I could make out the bookshelf and the dresser that Jason and I shared. I could even see gray outlines of the clothes that hung in our doorless closet. 
I was paralyzed and very frightened.
Am I dead, I thought? No, I’m not. I can’t be.
Was I dreaming? Was this room that I was seeing really just my room in my dream? I didn’t think so.
I tried to call out for my mom, but my voice box had ceased to function as well. Next I tried looking over at Jason, but my head wouldn’t turn and my vision was cut off at just above his bed. Slats of light hung on the wall like skeleton ribs from the lamppost’s glow coming in through the blinds.
I became more anxious as time crept by. I don’t exactly know how long I lay there motionless, but it felt like several minutes had passed.
Maybe a prayer would help, I thought and I decided to give it a shot.
Dear God, I don’t know why I can’t move right now but I’m really, really scared. Pleas help me.
As I began to plead with God to help break the paralysis that had taken me, I scanned the ceiling from corner to corner.
Please wake my mom up and let her know I need her. Please let her come in here and try to wake me up.
I found the dresser in my vision as I lowered my eyes from the ceiling. The second drawer down had been left opened a bit.
Please let Jason get up and come check on me. I’m scared right now and I want to be able to move.
Looking left from the dresser, I saw clothes on hangers and the three boxes where we kept our toys and baseball cards in the closet.
God, help me. I need my mom. I don’t want to be like this anymore.
Moving my vision a little more to the left I found the door on the left side of the room. Closed. I could hear nothing beyond it but still prayed my mother would come in to check on me.
If you help me God I promise I will be a better boy. Please, please, please, please. I say these things in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
As I finished the last part of the prayer, the far corner of the room nearest the foot of my bed came into view. And something was standing there, motionless.
My heart began pounding harder than I had ever felt it pound before.
Oh, God. What is that?
I stared at it for a few seconds to see if it was real or if I was just imagining it. It stayed perfectly still.
After a few moments had past, I tried to convince myself that it was just a jacket hanging on the wall behind the door. But I knew better. There weren’t any hooks there to hold a jacket up with. It wasn’t clothing. It looked like a person.
Still not breaking eye contact with it, I tried once again to scream. 
Nothing.
God, why can’t I move? I’m so scared right now. Please help me. Please. 
Jason kept at his heavy breathing a few feet over, unaware of the new presence in our room. I wished he’d wake up. I wished the thing in the corner would go away. God, what was it?
It felt like hours had past since first spotting the shape. I hadn’t heard it make a sound or seen it move. But it looked like it was just standing there staring back at me.
What did it want?
Trying to close my eyes didn’t seem to work. They weren’t drying out like I thought they should either. It was as if someone was playing some cruel joke on me, and had taken away all my strength and left me with just two of my senses.
My heart pounding, not slowing down, the thing in the corner and I stared at each other. Then a thought occurred to me. Maybe my eyes were playing tricks on me. Yes. Of course. You idiot. The lamp on the desk to my right must be casting a shadow from the street light outside. That had to be it. My heart started to slow a bit. If I could have voiced a laugh I would have. 
Just a shadow.
Then it moved. 
Crack!
My heart instantly leapt in my chest. It looked as if it had just waved at me. Lifted its hand ever so slightly, no more than a foot or so, but waved none the less.
Or had it? 
Did I blink? Maybe that was it. Maybe I finally blinked and it just looked as if the shadow waved at me. Please let that be it. Oh, God, let me be able to move.
My body still frozen, my eyes alive and wide, my ears taking in small subtle sounds from the room, my heart hammering in my chest, my brain praying furiously to God for help. There wasn’t a thing I could do but look on. 
I stared at the shape in the corner, willing it to be a shadow, praying that it would just disappear and that I would be able to move my body again.
The shape’s outline became more defined to me the more I stared at it. It was tall like an adult. Its hair appeared to be long and dreadlocked and it wore some sort of hat. Like a farmers hat. And overalls or suspenders attached to pants.
Crack!
It moved again. This time it looked as if it had taken a step toward the end of my bed, coming closer.
Crack! 
Closer.
Jason! I screamed in my head. Jason, wake up! 
Crack! Crack!
I could hear weird breaking sounds every time it made a movement, like knuckles popping and it was now touching the footboard of my bed with its thighs. Its face was a black shadow but I could feel its stare. There was something hungry about its presence.

Crrrack! 
One leg came up, and its knee came down on the edge of my mattress. I felt my feet move down a couple inches from the pressure.
It’s climbing up here. Oh, no, please leave me alone. Go away. Jason!
Crack, crack, pop. 
The other leg came up and over. The other knee went onto the mattress and I felt the bed sag another couple of inches.
It was know kneeling just past the footboard; the bottom halves of its legs were folded back so its feet were touching its rear. Arms at its side, it stayed in that upright position for what seemed like an eternity, looking down on me.
My heart was beyond jackrabbit speed, now. I had given up on the praying and wishing. I just waited, scared out of my wits, to see what it would do next.
Then it began to do a weird, slow knee-walk up toward the top half of my body, one leg on either side of me, popping and cracking and creaking the whole way until it straddled my pelvis. It gently sat down on my lap, face still in shadow, staring holes through me.
I think at this time I was close to passing out from sheer fright. I wanted to cry but nothing would come out. 
Then some sort of defense mechanism in my brain started to turn itself on, because I thought, if I could move right now I would try and kill this thing. That’s what I wanted most now, to kill it.
Suddenly its arms came up and out over my body making noises like crushed bubble wrap. They came down in a CPR position and made contact with my chest. Then it started pushing. Hard.
The air was suddenly pressed out of me and I thought; This is it. It’s got me. I’m going to die.
I couldn’t breath. I could only think. And my last thoughts before passing out were; I was a good boy. What did I ever do to deserve this?
It was the first episode of sleep paralysis that I experienced in my life. It wasn’t the last, though. I know that what happened in my room that night wasn’t real. But it sure seemed that way back then.
The brain does a funny thing to the body when you fall asleep. It shuts down all motor function so you don’t act out your dreams. Sometimes people wake up and feel a paralyzing sensation but still have limited eye movement and see their dreams before them. Sometimes they see a being set upon their chest and feel a crushing weight. Centuries back they called it ‘Old Hag.’
It was just another one of the many events that I went through that strange summer-while I slept. Or tried to at least. I don’t know if it was part of the Dark Dream, but I’ve always thought that whatever the thing with the dreadlocks and the overalls was, it had come out of the Dark Dream, to prepare me or warn me of things to come. To let me know that evil was on its way.


NINETEEN
The next morning Jason woke me up around seven-thirty and the moment I opened my eyes I remembered what had happened, remembered the thing in the corner with the dreadlocks. I said nothing to Jason about it though. I said nothing to anyone. 
We got dressed and headed for the construction site up the street to retrieve the bottles that Rod, the bearded foreman, had promised to set out for us. 
I pulled my squeaky wagon behind me to the top of Cottonwood and we stayed clear of the Miller’s house, fearing that Donald’s mother still had it out for us for sneaking up to Donald’s window. We were also careful to cross the street at the corner, before we came to Mr. Gagner's front gates. We’d had just about enough of Ben for one week and weren’t about to tangle with him again.
When we finally reached the construction site, we were pleased to find that Rod had been true to his word. There was a box sitting out next to the brick wall by the sign at the entrance. Fourteen bottles of various shapes and brands were inside. Not a bad haul for having to do absolutely nothing but walk a block to get them.
Rod was no where in sight and we had promised him that we wouldn’t go tromping through the houses while they worked, so we decided we’d thank him later.
We returned back home with no plans to take the bottles down to 7-Eleven that afternoon. Instead, we decided to start saving them up for a few days, place them in boxes on the side of our house for one big haul. Sure we wouldn’t have much money for a while from the lack of deposits, but that’s what parents were for. Mom and dad were always good for a dollar or two when we needed it.
After stockpiling our cache we grabbed the gardening tools and a couple of plastic bags and began more work on the side hill, clearing out more dead vegetation and weeds.
Jason and I were curious about what Steve and Cory had done over at the Maherrin’s house with Mark. Once we saw them later on in the afternoon, we’d have to ask them. They probably had chores to do themselves.
Jason took the bottom part of the hill and I started at the top. We pulled and picked and yanked weeds and grass out until we had small angry blisters on our hands. At about the time we reached the halfway point, a clod of dirt hit me in the small of my back. I immediately popped up from my crouched position and looked back down at my brother who was whistling and picking weeds of his own. But once I saw him look up at me and crack a smile, I knew the fight was on.
Bending back over I found my own good sized chunk of earth, and making a high pitched whistle, like an incoming mortar round, I hooked it like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar going for three. It landed short of Jason’s feet on the sidewalk with a sound like a hammer hitting a pillow. Dirt fanned out in every direction.
Jason, looking up at me startled, grabbed another hunk of dirt and yelled, “You’re a dead man!” He then winged it at me with a pitchers grace. Although it missed me by mere inches, I was still able to enjoy the taste of it as it exploded on the wooden fence next to my head, covering me in dust.
For the next few minutes we abandoned our chores and engaged in a little playtime, a dirt clod fight to break up the monotony of working and sweating our butts off in the hot morning sun. It was all in good fun though. Neither one of us was mad at the other, we were just messing around the way kids do when they need a break. We laughed and chucked clods of dried soil at one other, mostly missing and missing on purpose. Neither one of us wanted to hurt the other, but it made for a fun game when you had to dodge an incoming projectile and scramble to find one to throw back. Yeah, it was all just fun and games.
Until someone got hurt.
And of course that someone just happened to be me.
It was an accident, of course. I knew then and I know now that Jason wouldn’t have ever purposely meant me any harm. Just like I wouldn’t him. But that’s the downfall of rock fighting. Someone’s going to take one to the temple or the throat. Or God forbid the groin-which is where the one that stopped the fight hit me, right at the tip of my penis. It felt like someone had flicked me with their middle finger on the most sensitive part of my body. Like a bee sting to the pecker.
I gave out a high pitched yelp. And not a boy yelp either. This was a little girlie yelp. 
I held up my hands in an ‘Okay, I give’ gesture, which Jason understood and he dropped his ammo at once. He knew I was hurt, but I think a part of him was holding back a chuckle for the nice crotch shot he had landed.
“Hey, you okay?” he asked after holding back his laughter a few seconds longer.
And oddly enough, after a few moments of rubbing my pee-pee back to life, I was. But I made some dramatics about it. I had to. I was a kid.
Holding the front of my pants with one hand and holding a clump of dead ivy with the other, I said, “You… you got me… partner.” Then I slowly let go of the vine and dropped onto my side, rolling down the hill, once, twice, three times.
Splat!
I landed on the sidewalk a little harder than I had expected, but didn’t lose any skin. I let my tongue hang out in a comical cartoon fashion. If only I had X’s in my eyes, it would have been a perfect Loony Tunes death.
Jason came over and started clapping. “Man that was great. That really looked like I shot you down in some old western or something. The way you came tumbling down that hill, that was cool. Man, I give you a round-of-applause.” He clapped for a few moments as I continued my imitation of a fresh corpse. “Oh and by the way, I’ve got one more thing for you as well.” 
I kept playing dead, not knowing what he was talking about, but found out soon enough as he bent over my head and farted in my face.
Smartass.
I hooked an arm around his legs as he started to rise after breaking wind and squeezed with all my might. The move made him fall back over on his rump in a fit of laughter. We wrestled on the dead lawn at our parkway for a couple of minutes until Jamie showed up.
Sweaty and red form the sun, with blades of yellow grass hanging in his hair, Jason said, “Okay, okay. Enough.” 
I rolled off him, breathing hard and itching. Facing him, I was ready for another attack just in case he was bluffing.
Instead he pointed over my shoulder and said, “Look. Your girlfriend’s here.”
I turned around I saw right away who he meant. 
Jamie Manning stood on the sidewalk at the far end of the hill staring at us, a blank expression on her face. She had short shorts and tennis shoes on; a plain white t-shirt covered her frail chest. Her hair was done up in pig-tails and thick glasses sat on the bridge of her nose, a black band ran around the back of her head to keep them from falling off of her face. And as if there were an invisible ice cream cone just in front of her, she pushed her tongue in and out of her mouth over her swollen, bottom lip with the heir of some Down’s syndrome children.
Jamie lived down Cottonwood, about ten houses. The last time we had seen her was at Lincoln Elementary playing in a sandbox while her father and mother did landscaping. She wondered the streets in our neighborhood by herself sometimes, looking for other children to play with, even though none ever seemed interested. She was eight or nine years old but had the mental capacity of a toddler. We were never sure if her parents just didn’t care that she was out and about by herself or if maybe she snuck out when they weren’t looking and had time to miss her. Rumor had it that her dad had backed his car over her head when she was just two years old, mentally crippling her for life. We never really believed it to be anything other than that, a rumor.
 “She’s not my girlfriend!” I shouted at Jason. 
In turn, he jumped up, hopping around like a lunatic, taunting me. “Ricky and Jamie sittin’ in a tree, k-i-s-s-i-n-g.”
“Knock it off,” I told him. “She ain’t my girlfriend.”
But he just kept on with that childish rhyme we all learn as kids and use to humiliate each other with. 
“First comes love, then comes marriage…”
And instead of yelling at him more or going over to try and shut him up myself, I decided to take my frustration out on Jamie.
“Go home!” I told her in a rough tone to which she probably couldn’t comprehend. Instead she remained there, looking at us with that hollow stare. “Get lost!” I tried again.
Nothing. She didn’t budge.
“See,” Jason said, “She wants you. Go give her a kiss.”
Turning back to Jason, I said, “Shut up! Quit teasing me!”
Then he started making kissing sounds which just infuriated me more. I took a step forward and stomped my foot at her as if she where a stray dog digging through a trashcan. “Heeyaah!”
Nothing.
And as Jason kept up with his charade I decided to really take action.
“That’s it. I’m telling mom.” 
And as I started toward the front of the house Jason grabbed me by the shoulders. “Okay. Okay. I’ll stop. I was just messing around. Besides, she…” He stopped and gave a nod over to where Jamie was and said, “Holy shit. Check it out.”
I turned back around and watched as she pulled down her shorts and squatted on the sidewalk and let a stream of yellow pee splatter the concrete beneath her. 
Jason and I lost it and as she looked over at the commotion we were making, she stood and pulled her shorts back up.
Simple as that. This young girl had just taken a leak in front of us in broad daylight.
Between fits of laughter, Jason was able to say, “Hey, did everything come out alright?” 
She just stood there, looking, her tongue darting in and out of her mouth, clueless.
So we did what any curious kids would do in a situation like that. We went over to examine the mess she had made. The puddle was in the shape of a giant spider, the hot sun already beginning to evaporate it, the smell sour and musky as it faded from the cement.
A car pulled up along side of the curb with a screech and a deep voice boomed. 
“What the hell is going on here?” George Manning said as he got out of the driver’s side door, clearly agitated. “Did you kids do something to my daughter? Jamie, are you okay?” 
George Manning was an average sized man and had one of those bodies that made him look as though he’d never had a break from work in his life. He was just shy of being six feet and had strong, ropey arms and hands with sausage like fingers attached to them; the kinds that have seen too much oil and too many engines. He was a laborer and his thick leathery skin spoke more of outside work than inside. His normally slicked back, dark hair hung in strands on his sweaty brow as if he’d just been at a grueling task, probably looking for his daughter. 
Jamie stared quietly at her father, the glasses on her face making her eyes look like hard boiled eggs with black, cancerous pits.
We quickly stepped back a few feet; Jason took up the front to protect me as he had done with Rod at the construction site.
“You tell me right now. Did you do something to her?” George Manning said pointing a work callused finger at us.
We quickly shook our heads in unison and Jason said, “No. We were just pulling weeds and she came up here. We didn’t touch her.”
“You better damn well not have. I ought to go tell your mother on you two. Harassing a child like that. ‘Specially the way she is.”
“We didn’t. We swear,” Jason explained. “We were just doing our chores and she walked up here. Isn’t that right, Ricky?”
I nodded, mouth open, though nothing came out.
Jason added, “I think she had an accident, though,” and pointed to the ground where Jamie had peed.
Mr. Manning stared at us for a moment longer shaking his head, and added, “Just quit messing with my daughter.” He turned to Jamie and said, “Get in the car.”
He opened the back door and waited for Jamie to get in which she did a moment later, but not before waving good bye to us.
After belting her in and closing the door he walked around to his side and got in behind the wheel. We hadn’t noticed in the short time since her father pulled up that Jamie’s mother was in the car as well. 
Emily Manning sat in the passenger seat, watching the confrontation between us and her husband, her mouth drawn down, her eyes blank. Her hair was brown and hung in separate strands as if it hadn’t seen a bottle of shampoo or a comb in quite some time.
When we saw Jamie roaming the neighborhood she was usually being made fun of by the other kids. Her father would usually have to stop what he was working on in his garage to go and retrieve her. She never wandered off too much, maybe once or twice a month. And she never said ‘hi’ to anyone. We weren’t even sure she could talk and were lucky to even get that wave from her. 
In the car she kept her head down and didn’t look at us even after Mr. Manning took off with a chirp of the tires and shot up and around the corner away from our house.
“Well, did you get a good look at your girlfriends butt?” Jason asked and started chuckling once more.
“Shut up, Jay” I said, under my breath.
We went back to our work on the hill. Soon it would be time for lunch and when we went in for our break at noon, we would be done for the day. But until then, we let the sun beat the back of our necks and draw the moisture from our pores as we pulled and pulled and yanked and yanked.


TWENTY
We were just about done with the hill. One more day, two tops and then the rest of the summer from morning until evening would be ours. No chores. No yard work. No nothing but playtime.
Mom had gone out and gotten us a special treat for lunch: McDonald’s cheeseburgers and French fries, Cokes to wash them down and after we had finished our lunches and had thrown away our trash, we headed out, letting mom know that we’d be back sometime before dinner.
We went over to Steve’s first, knocked three times, waited a minute or two, and when no one answered we moved along next door to Cory’s. There our knocks were answered by Cory’s mom.
“Hi, boys,” Janeal Dayborne said. 
“Hello,” Jason answered. “Is Cory home?”
She let the door open wider and the coolness from the air conditioner hit us like a wave where we stood in the heat, prickling our skin.
“Can he play?” Jason asked.
“Oh, I suppose so. What do you boys have planned for this afternoon?” she inquired and stepped aside to allow us access to her meat locker of a house.
We entered and stopped just inside the entryway. The sweat drops on our brows felt like tiny icicles. “Maybe go exploring or something. We don’t know yet,” Jason told her.
“Well, he’s back in his bedroom listening to his record player. Go ahead and go on back.”
“Okay, thanks.”
Jason turned to head down the hall toward Cory’s room and as I started to follow I looked up at Mrs. Dayborne. She stared down at me with a look of wonder as if I were some beautiful new species of flower that she’d just discovered. It made me a bit uncomfortable and I quickly darted up the hall and found Jason knocking on Cory’s bedroom door.
Before he answered though, Christy opened her door and stuck her head out to see who was visiting. She was dressed in a blue blouse, cutoff jeans and flip-flops. The French braid done up on her head made her look a bit older than her twelve years.
“Hey guys. Whatcha doing?” she asked.
“Seeing if Cory can play,” I said quickly.
Jason gave me a look that pretty much said, ‘Shut up. I’ll do the talking,’ and turned to Christy. “Yeah, we were just comin’ over to see what your brother’s up to. What are you doing?”
“Nothing,” She rolled her eyes and said, “Mom’s making me clean my room. It’s not even that dirty.”
From what we could see through the foot wide gap in her door, it appeared as though someone had detonated some form of explosive near the center of her room. There were clothes draped over the headboard of her bed, posters hung askew by single thumb-tacks from the walls. Barbie dolls that looked like they’d been partying all night lay passed out across the floor, slumbered in their drunken stupor. 
Cory opened his door then and said, “Guys! Come check this out!”
He seemed excited about something. We followed him into his room as Christy shut the door to hers. He led us over by the window where his record player (the kind that came in a box with a snap and a handle on the front, made by Fisher Price), sat on an end table low to the floor. In the player was a Led Zeppelin album turned to side A. The songs that showed on the green circle in the middle were:

1. Black Dog
2. Rock and Roll
3. The Battle of Evermore
4. Stairway to Heaven

“This is just plain creepy,” Cory said bending down and turning the player on. He then set the needle down and when it proved to be the wrong spot, lifted it and set it down again. There was a second or two of fuzzy static and then the opening guitar solo to Stairway to Heaven began. It was quite sweet and relaxing to hear. The solo went on for about half a minute or so until Robert Plant started in with these words:

There’s a lady who’s sure
All that glitters is gold
And she’s buying a stairway to heaven

At this time we turned to look at Cory, wondering what it was he felt was so creepy about this song. It was just a hippy stoner tune from the decade before, although it was very pretty and haunting in its own way. 
Jason finally asked him, “So what’s the big deal?”
“Yeah, this isn’t creepy,” I added.
He gave us a look that said to be patient which looked odd coming from a kid who had absolutely none of it himself. 
“You have to listen to the whole song first. Just listen,” he said.
So we did. For what seemed like an hour. I think the song lasts for seven or eight minutes but to us it seemed like forever.
And then at a certain point, It must have been about halfway through, he pulled out a piece of paper and said, “Okay, listen right here. I wrote the words down to this part so you can understand them. Read them aloud with the music so Ricky can tell what he’s singing.”
Jason grabbed the paper and laid it out in front of him on the floor where we sat and he read aloud as Plant droned on.

If there’s a bustle in your hedgerow 
Don’t be alarmed now
It’s just a spring clean for the May Queen
Yes there are two paths you can go by
But in the long run
There’s still time to change the road you’re on

“Yeah, so,” Jason said. “It’s just words to a song. That ain’t creepy.”
“Okay,” Cory said with excitement in his eyes. “Now turn the paper over.”
On the other side Cory had written down an equal number of lines as were on the front. The words were different though.
Cory turned off the record player and Plant’s voice got deep and slow as the record came to a stop. “It took me all morning to copy this down. I had to replay this about a hundred times to get the words right. I think it’s pretty close to what he’s saying. Trust me. It’ll creep you out.”
He then put his finger on the now motionless record and started turning it around backward. What came through the speaker instantly gave me goose bumps on my arms. It sounded like a demon talking from the depths of hell. At least that’s how I perceived it back then.
Jason read the words aloud after Cory had played the record in reverse, though I could make out most of them as he was doing it. They said:

Oh, here’s to my sweet Satan
The one whose little path would make me sad
Whose power is Satan
He’ll give those with him six-six-six
There was a little tool shed where he made us suffer
Sad Satan

“No way,” Jason said with a chill. “That is creepy.”
I was speechless. That record and that low pitched, guttural voice definitely freaked me out. 
“You want to hear it again?” Cory asked.
“Yeah. One more time,” Jason said.
I had had enough the first time. I didn’t want to hear it again. “No. Don’t play it again. That’s satanic,” I said.
“Don’t be such a baby,” Cory told me. “It’s just words. It can’t hurt you.”
“Jay,” I pleaded.
Jason, looking a bit annoyed that he had such a wimp for a brother, said, “Just plug your ears and hum. You won’t be able to hear it that way. Okay?”
I nodded and stuck a finger into each ear. Cory started turning the record backward again and when it was done they were both grinning at the wonders of Cory’s find.
But of course there is no truth in it that Led Zeppelin was speaking to or of the Devil on their album. I mean you’d have to be pretty damn cleaver to be able to record not only one song but two using the same lyrics going forward and in reverse. It was just a coincidence. But still it was one of those things that I heard in my youth that stuck with me and would make me break out in goose pimples even years later. I don’t think I’ve tried listening to a record backward since that day nor have I really had any urge to.
After the second playing they began to lose interest, or maybe they had begun to freak themselves out too. In either case, Cory pulled the needle off the record and closed the lid to the player.
“Alright, so what’s the plan for the day?” Cory asked.
We all looked at each other and Jason said with a shrug, “I don’t know. You seen Steve around? We went by his house but no one was there.”
We all stood up and headed out of Cory’s room and Cory said, “I saw him about half an hour ago. He was with Jackie. He said he had to run down to Stater Brothers to get stuff for his mom. Let’s see if we can meet him halfway back.”
“Let’s go,” Jason said and we went back into the bright and still cloudless afternoon.
“Be back later,” Cory shouted over his shoulder as the front door slammed behind us.
When we had first gone into Cory’s house the air conditioner had cooled and seemed to energize us. Going back out into the heat of the day had the opposite effect. The sun, in the middle of the sky, pounded us with fists of heat and sapped the energy from our bodies.


TWENTY-ONE
By the time we reached the edge of Cory’s front lawn we could see Steve and Jackie coming down from the top of Cottonwood. They were each holding a paper grocery sack and talking to one another, smiling and laughing. That was one thing about Steve. He was always very friendly to those close to him, whether it was his sister or his buds. He was a guy you liked being around and it showed as he and Jackie made their way toward us.
Cory gave an ear piercing, two fingered whistle which quickly got their attention and they raised their hands in recognition to let us know that they’d heard us. We jogged halfway up the street and met them in front of Andrew Moore’s house.
“Hey, what’s up, guys?” Steve asked, a little out of breathe from the half mile he’d just walked from the grocery store.
“Hi, guys,” Jackie said in her sweet young girl’s voice. She sounded worse off than her brother. Jason quickly grabbed the bag that she’d been carrying, giving her arms a much needed rest. 	“Thanks.”
“Hi,” I said, looking at Jackie with a sheepish grin on my face. She smiled back, squinted her eyes. God, she was beautiful. Even with sweat running down her face and neck she was beautiful.
Steve’s sister wore Daisy Duke shorts, a white, sleeveless blouse and black Converse shoes, no socks. Her hair was pulled up and tied off with a ribbon to keep it off of her neck. I knew Jackie Hanel was the most beautiful girl in the world at that moment.
“What are you guys doing?” Jason asked to start a conversation.
Readjusting his bag with his knee, Steve said, “Just had to get some stuff for dinner tonight. Man, that walk sucks. I wish it would cool down some.”
“No kidding,” Jason said. “Me and Ricky had to pull more weeds this morning on the hill. Sun ‘bout killed us.”
Cory jumped out in front and turned around, walking backward so he could face us. “Aww, poor guys. All I had to do was stay in my nice air conditioned house this morning. Slept in until nine.”
“No one cares that you stayed in bed all morning playing with yourself, Dayborne,” Steve shot back. We all laughed. Except for Cory who turned beat red.
“Shut up.”
We came to the cul-de-sac out front of our houses, crossed over, and headed to Steve and Jackie’s. There, Steve set his bag down on the step, wrestled a key out of his OP shorts and unlocked the front door to let us all in.
“We came over earlier, but no one answered the door,” Jason told Steve.
He picked his sack back up, headed inside, and said, “Yeah, mom left for work early this morning and Jacob didn’t come home last night. I think he stayed at one of his friend’s houses.”
“I hope he stays gone,” Jackie added quietly.
Steve put his hand on her neck, gave it a squeeze and smiled at her. He then went into the kitchen with Jason to put away the groceries. 
A carton of milk was taken out of the bag and put onto the top shelf of the fridge. A bunch of celery went into the crisper drawer and a package wrapped in white butcher paper into the meat drawer. Bread was set on the counter and several cans of soup broth went into the cupboard.
When all the food was put away, Steve folded the brown paper bags and shoved them under the sink to be used as trash bags later. He then came back out to the living room where Jason, Cory, Jackie and I were watching an episode of Sigmund and the Sea Monsters. We all turned to him when he clapped his hands and said, “So, what’s on the agenda for today?”
The four of us looked at each other in silence, hoping someone would come up with something. In the end, we all looked back at Steve and shrugged.
He gave an exasperated sigh, put his hands on his hips, and said, “Well, we’ve got to think of something. I don’t want to hang around this stuffy house all day.”
The Hanels, unlike the Daybornes, didn’t use their air conditioner. Instead, two fans stood sentinel in the living room blowing luke-warm air from open window to open window.
“Come on, let’s think guys. Let’s here some ideas. Jason?”
“Uhhh, three flies up?” Jason suggested.
But Steve shook his head. “Not after that long walk. I don’t want to be running after balls. Something else. Cory?”
“How about go to the fort and read those magazines again…”
Steve shook his head again and gave Cory a look, swiped his hand across his throat a couple of times. He looked over at his little sister and then back at Cory with angry eyes that said ‘Watch what you say around her.’
“Yeah, I don’t want to go back there anyways. Ben almost killed me over there,” I said.
“True,” Steve agreed. He then turned to Jackie. “You got any suggestions, Jack?”
She looked at each of us in turn and quietly said, “We could play house.”
“No,” all the guys said at the same time. That was not even an option for us. Well for Steve, Jason and Cory at least. I would have played house anytime she wanted. Hell, I probably would have put a diaper on and crapped in it just so she could play mommy and change me. I swear that chick got my heart going.
Steve ran a hand over his bandana and through his long hair and said, “Okay, well, since no one can think of anything to do, I guess I’ll have to come up with something. Again.” He turned in a slow circle and positioned himself with his back to us, scratching his chin and thinking. He waved his arm. “Cory. Jason. Come here.”
The two were off the couch and at his side in an instant. Jackie and I looked at each other, dumbfounded. The three older boys stood in conference for a minute, whispering amongst themselves. There was a nod from Jason and a shake of disapproval from Cory. Steve smacked Cory on the back of the head and Cory said, “Okay, okay, fine.”
They turned back around to face us and Steve, folding his hands under his chin and with a horrible Russian accent said, “I think it’s time you know about something.”
Jackie shot another glance at me and I returned it. “What is it?” I asked.
Steve took a step forward and Cory and Jason flanked him, arms crossed at their small chests. “There’s a place we’ve found. A couple weeks ago while we were out messing around. It’s a secret place and we’ve sworn each other not to say anything about it to anyone. But if we take you there, you have to swear not to say a word about it either.”
“I promise,” I said.
“Me too,” Jackie agreed.
“Well it’s not that easy. You two need to take an oath. So,” Steve explained, “I want you guys to raise your right hands and repeat after me.” We did as we were told and let him continue, “I swear…”
“I swear…” Jackie and I repeated together.
Steve: “…on the blood of my brothers…”
“…on the blood of my brothers…”
“…not to tell anyone about the location of the new fort.”
“…not to tell anyone about the location of the new fort.”
“Very good.” Steve said. “Now, let’s head up there.”
We all got up and headed for the front door and I asked, “Where is it?”
“Not far,” Jason answered. “Just follow us. We’ll be there in no time.”
The five of us went through the front door, Steve locking it behind us, and headed back out into the stifling day. Jackie and I followed the others up Cottonwood and around the corner onto Fullerton. We passed by Mr. Gagner's house with caution and only after we confirmed that his gate was shut and that Ben was out of sight did we venture past and onto the dirt path that rimmed Dead Grove.
Halfway down the path, Jason jumped around and walked backward in order to face all of us just as Cory had done earlier. 
“Crap. I almost forgot. Did you guys hear about the Fourth of July?” he asked. Steve and Jackie shared a look that said they had no idea what he was talking about. 
Cory said, “What, about the party?”
“Yeah.” Jason went on, “Did your parents tell you?”
“Yep. It’s going to be way cool.” Then looking at Steve and Jackie, Cory said, “You guys don’t know?”
“No we don’t,” Steve shot back. “Are you guys going to tell us or do I have to beat it out of ya?”
Jason started explaining to them about the block party: The tables that would be loaded with good food from all the neighbors; how the street would be cordoned off so we could run free as we pleased. He told them how mom had set the whole thing up through City Hall. He finished off with the fireworks we’d get to see right in our front yards.
“Man, that does sound bitchin,” Steve exclaimed.
“Steve, don’t say that word,” Jackie scolded. It’s a swear.”
“Sorry,” he told her.
By the time Jason had finished getting them excited about the following Friday, we had reached Magnolia. Dead Grove ended where we crossed over and an open field lay sprawled out in front of us, save for an abandoned house on the corner. It was a house we all swore was haunted, even though it looked nothing like what a spook house should. I hoped then, that this wasn’t the secret place they were bringing us to.
And to my luck it wasn’t. Instead, we crossed over Magnolia and headed for the other field cater corner to Dead Grove and across the street from Magnolia Glen, where we could here construction workers pounding away with hammers and buzzing away with electric saws. There was no sign of our bottle collecting friend, Rod. 
Tall waist-high grass grew in the field and at this time of year it was yellow and dry, dead. It tickled our calves and knees as we trudged through it on our journey. Burrs caught in out socks.
To the south, about two hundred yard from us, in the middle of that huge expanse, stood three massive California pepper trees that formed a perfect triangle. Each was spaced a hundred feet or so from one another.
“That’s it,” Cory said pointing, “That’s the spot.”
“What is?” I asked.
Jason answered. “The first one closest to us. That’s our new secret fort. The tree.”
And just like that, it had been named. No one could have come up with a simpler name than that. But Jason had. And from that day forward, whenever we referred to our new hideout, we simply called it, ‘The Tree.’
When we finally arrived, we all stood twenty feet back and gazed upon the gigantic canopy. It must have been forty-feet tall at its highest point. Long, thick limbs branched out every which way and from them long green runners-that would form into branches of their own in years to come-hung like a beautiful flowing, green skirt all around. We could barely see into its depths and it was impossible to see all the way through to the other side.
After a few minutes of admiring the hulk of a tree, Steve said, “Check out the inside,” as if it were a new home and he was a real estate agent.
There was a six foot high gap in the canopy that we entered through and the inside was awash in shadow. It was like some strange cave made of leaves and bark and immediately we all noticed how much cooler it was in there than out in the field. Its massive trunk shot up from the ground, thick as a brick chimney, and fat branches led this way and that, perfect for climbing. The dirt ground was littered with fallen leaves, twigs, and dead bark. Bottles and cans were scattered around the fifteen foot radius of the hull where older kids had left them from previous parties. A mattress lay at one end, brown and stained.
“Whoa. Neat.” I said. It was the best word I could come up with to describe our new safe haven, but it fit perfectly.
The old fort in Dead Grove would soon be a thing of the past, and this new fort would be where we would hold our council from then on. It became a special place for each of us; a place to talk and bond, away from the watchful eyes of our parents; a place were Steve could go to, away from his asshole brother. Or Just a place to come to and relax out of the heat of a summer day.
But most importantly the Tree served as a place where we were given a very special gift; the gift of a mysterious friend that came out of nowhere and changed our lives that summer. 
Changed our lives forever.


POLLOX THUMB
The children are always taken from their beds in the middle of the night. They are always girls. The Cleanser sneaks in like a phantom, injects the clear liquid into the sleeping form, and steals back out into the darkness.
And then there is one less child for a parent to love. 
And, for the Cleanser, sleeping is somewhat easier, the dreams more pleasant. Because when the girls die, the nightmares fade. 
For a little while, anyway.
In the Shelter, the work begins. The girl wakes up slowly. The sedative wears off.
The Cleanser stands, towering over the eight-year-old, bound to the chair, hands and mouth taped.
Escape is impossible.
This child saw her last sunset seven hours ago. Ate her last dinner eight hours ago. And played her last game of hopscotch nine hours ago.
Her small blue eyes flutter open once, twice, and then explode into life. And that is when true fear hits her. The moment she realizes she’s no longer in bed, safe at home. Instead she’s tied up, a dirty floor below her, dry, cracked walls around her. A lamp on the floor gives off weak light. A hooded figure stands over her and looking up, she sees darkness where a face should be. 
Eternal darkness.
“Wake up, little angel,” The Cleanser says. And the voice sends a chill through the child’s bones. The voice is that of a dead soul, a voice that belongs to a body that gave up its lease on life, one that cares no more. It’s a tired, hollow, dying voice.
Then the child tries to scream. 
“Mmmmm.”
“Shhh, shhh, shhh,” The Cleanser says trying to sooth her, trying to calm her. “It’s okay. Just settle down.”
And the girl actually does. A little. She’s still breathing hard through her nose and her eyes are like full moons, but she stops screaming under the tape.
“That’s better. Would you like it if I took the tape off of your mouth?”
The girl’s head bobs up and down four quick times. Tears fill her eyes and spill down her cheeks.
“I will. But you have to promise me that you won’t scream again.” Not that anyone could hear. “Can you do that?”
The girl hesitates and then nods slowly.
“Good.”
And with one quick swipe, the tape is ripped from the girl’s mouth, leaving a red mark on her top lip like a fruit punch mustache. A weak, pained moan escapes from the girl, but she sits very still, looking up at her captor.
“Now, that’s better. Isn’t it?” The Cleanser asks.
“Where’s my momma?”
“Shhh. I’ll ask the questions, child.” 
The Cleanser begins pacing back and forth from shadow to light, and back to shadow. “What’s your name, angel?”
The young girl only sits and stares, afraid to answer. More tears fall from her eyes. The smell of urine is strong from where she’s wet herself.
“It’s okay. I just want to get to know you a little. Please, tell me your name.”
After a few moments, she finally says, “Kelly.”
The Cleanser stops pacing and turns back to the girl, face still hidden in shadow. “Kelly? That’s a pretty name.” Then steps forward and squats down, knees popping like kernels on a hot skillet. “Do you know why I brought you here, Kelly?”
Looking into the abyss where a face should be, Kelly shakes her head and a single teardrop lands on her white pajamas at the thigh.
Standing back up and turning from the child, The Cleanser says, “Kelly, there is a lot of pain in my life. So much pain. There are things you couldn’t ever understand. Things that have torn my life apart. One thing particularly. But for years I’ve had this hollowness, this emptiness inside of me. A void that should have been filled, but wasn’t. Sometimes I feel like an oyster. And where a beautiful pearl should be, I have this annoying, scratchy, ugly bit of sand in its place. And I can do nothing with it. It just sits there and irritates me more and more as the days pass.
“Well, Kelly, I’ve know for some time now that I won’t ever have a precious pearl. I will always just be an empty husk in an ocean of sadness, as the tides of time wash over me. Not cleansing me, but pushing more salt and sand into my wounds, leaving me crusty, cracked and sore.
“God is tidal waves in that ocean, pounding me relentlessly, slapping my face. While all I do is lay and hope that someday the beatings will stop and He shows some mercy. 
“But, of course, I know that He will never cleanse me with His love, and so I cleanse the lives of others. Taking their children from them and making them suffer like I am made to suffer. My loss becomes their loss.”
It’s the same speech that has been told to the other girls that have been brought to the Shelter. 
The Cleanser turns back around and faces Kelly. “I know that probably doesn’t make much sense to you. You’re much too young to know about pain. But there is one sure thing, and I envy you this, you won’t ever know that pain.
“Now, ask me any question you like.” The Cleanser finishes in a voice that is not only dead but sounds as if it is crying as well.
With a whimper and a sniff, Kelly asks, “Where am I?”
“The Shelter. Next question,” and the pacing from light to shadow begins again.
The child hesitates, terribly frightened, and she has every right to be. “Wha… Where’s my momma?”
“Probably home sleeping. Unless she’s gone in to check on you and discovered that you’re no longer in bed. Then she might be up waiting for the police to arrive.” The pacing stops for a moment and the hooded figure turns to the girl, “Any more questions?”
After a few more moments of shaking and sobbing, Kelly asks, “What are you going to do to me?”
The Cleanser begins moving around the cracked floor of the Shelter once more, then answers, “Cleanse. It’s all I know. God gave up on me years ago. So lately I’ve been sending Him little messages, to let Him know I haven’t forgotten Him or the joke He’s played on me.”
The Cleanser then steps into the darkest corner of the dry, dusty room and picks up an object.
Kelly’s tears have subsided somewhat but somewhere in the back of her small child’s mind she knows her fate, even if she doesn’t want to believe it. She is still very scared, but thinks she needs to tell this monster something. So in her strongest, big-girl voice, she says, “In Sunday school they tell us that God loves everyone. No matter what you’ve done, He will forgive you. God loves you, too.”
Coming back over with the round object held in both hands, The Cleanser says, “No, Kelly, God loves you, that I am sure of. You’re a beautiful child. Your parents must love you very much too but He gave up on me long ago. And when my time comes, I won’t sit with him in his kingdom. But you will.”
With that, The Cleanser raises the porcelain jar high. Cookie Monster’s blue face and bulging eyes reflect the lamp’s light as it’s brought down on the child’s head with a sickening thump and breaks open into eight pieces. The Cleanser selects the largest and sharpest piece: One googley eye and half a furry grin form a wicked triangle, perfect for slicing. 
And the work begins on the young, unconscious girl.


Part Two:

The Dog


TWENTY-TWO
Jason and I had actually managed to finish clearing away the hill on the side of our house by Thursday afternoon. We rose early, at six that day, ate a quick breakfast and worked all morning and then through lunch, finishing up somewhere around two o’clock that afternoon. We did a pretty decent job, too. All that remained was the ice plant, making the hill look like a green waterfall frozen in place. The weeds and other dead vegetation filled two trashcans and four plastic bags on the side of our house, ready to go out to the street on Saturday morning for the garbage man to pick up.
After we cleaned up and had an afternoon snack-to make up for the lost lunch-the two of us went up to retrieve another box of bottles from the Magnolia Glen construction site. There were only six this time and there was a note taped to the box for us. It read:

Justin & Richie,
Hope you guys get plenty of baseball cards when you trade in these bottles. Sorry I couldn’t get more this time. A lot of workers took today off for the upcoming weekend. Thanks for staying out of our way. You’re good kids.
P.S.
There won’t be any bottles for a few days. Everyone is off for the holiday. Try back on Tuesday. Happy Fourth of July.
-Rod

“Justin and Richie?” I said when Jason had finished reading the note, “Who’s that?”
He crumpled the piece of paper and tossed it into the box with the bottles and replied, “He must have forgotten our names. We’ll have to tell him next time we see him.”
We turned around and pulled the wagon back home and put the box with the rest of our bottles on the side of the house next to the full trashcans. Earlier that morning, before he had gone to work, our dad had asked jokingly if we had started drinking when he saw our stash of empty bottles. 
“Don’t ever let me catch you taking a sip of booze,” he had added and handed us each a five dollar bill for the work we were doing on the hill. “See if you can have it all finished up by the time I get home today. Maybe you two will get a bonus.” 
And by the time he did get home that day we had it done. He had stayed at school later than usual to finish some last minute work before the holiday weekend, making sure everything was tidy and clean.
True to his word he handed both of us an extra dollar for having everything swept and bagged up by the time he putted up into the driveway in his Fiat. We decided we deserved a treat for our hard day’s labor and asked him if we could go down to the 7-Eleven for a couple of Big Gulps.
“Oh, I don’t see why not,” he told us. “You want me to give you guys a ride down there?”
“Nah,” Jason replied. “We’ll walk. We were going to see if Steve and Cory wanted to go with us.”
“Okay,” dad said, and headed for the front door. But just as he got there, he turned back and added, “Hey. Don’t go blowing all that money down there. Make it stretch for a few days, okay.”
“We will, pop,” I said, and continued on across the street with Jason.
“And watch for cars. And don’t talk to strangers. And be home before six.”
“Okay, okay,” we shouted over our shoulders.
Dad went inside, letting the screen door smack behind him. 
We went to Cory’s first. Jason knocked on the Dayborne’s door and once again Janeal answered. 
“Hi,” Jason said. “Can Cory play?”
She looked frustrated and tired, as if her day had gone to hell. “No, boys, he can’t. He needs to be out doing yard work so this place will look decent for the party tomorrow. He won’t do a thing I ask, so he’s grounded until he finishes his chores,” she said leaning up against the door jamb.
“Can he play later?” I asked.
“Only when his chores are done,” she said, as if to a retarded child.
A voice came from down the hallway, “Who is it?” Cory yelled.
She turned her head and yelled back, “It’s your friends. But you can’t play until you finish with the yard.”
“Come on, mom. Just for a half hour. Please,” Cory begged somewhere out of sight.
“No!” she said. “Not until you’re done and that’s final. Don’t ask again.” She turned back to face us once more. “Sorry, boys, maybe later, okay?”
“Okay,” Jason told her. “See ya later.”
“Bye.” 
She closed the door, pushing a cold draft at us that lingered on the porch like a ghost and we relished in it a minute longer before turning and heading over to Steve’s, cutting across the strip of ivy that separated his yard from Cory’s. Once there, Jason repeated his procedure. He knocked three times on the door and we played the waiting game.
There was movement inside, a faint shuffling, and then a voice that seemed far away. It was Jacob’s. 
“Don’t answer it.”
“Why? I just want to see who it is.” It was Jackie’s voice this time. The sound was muffled by the closed door, but we could tell it was her.
Jason and I exchanged a look and stood listening.
“Because I said,” the oldest brother roared back. “Mom said to clean this house up, so clean it!”
A few seconds went by, and then it was Steve we heard. 
“Why are you yelling at her? Why don’t you leave her alone? You ain’t her dad.”
Now the argument began to get intense. We probably should have just left at that moment but our childish curiosity kept us rooted on their doorstep.
“No shit! But someone’s got to be in charge around here. And that’s been me ever since dad got taken away. No thanks to you, you little shit.”
Steve screamed at his older brother then, “Fuck you!”
We shared another wide eyed look with each other but it was the next sound that made us both flinch simultaneously. It was a sound like a yard-stick smacking a side of beef. The instant we heard it we were off the top step and walking as fast as we could down to the sidewalk. When we had reached the house next door, we heard the Hanel’s front door open, and quickly slam shut and more yelling, although it was faint from where we were.
We kept walking deeper down Cottonwood, I turned to Jason and asked, “Why is he so mean to them?”
It was another two houses before he answered. 
“I don’t know. I think he does drugs sometimes. They must make him crazy.” There was a hint of pain in my brother’s voice as he said it.
We kept on toward the 7-Eleven, mostly in silence. We went up Redwood and then right onto Fullerton. It wasn’t until we were about forty feet from the stairs that led down to Acacia that I spoke again. 
“Do you think that guy’s here?”
“What guy,” Jason asked sounding in higher spirits now.
“You know, that guy that Cory spit on the other day. Mike.”
He stopped then and I took his lead and halted too. “I don’t know,” he said. “I forgot about Mike. Let’s hope not. But just in case, walk quietly and then we’ll run when we get closer to the stairs.”
“Okay,” I agreed.
We did too. We crept slowly and cautiously until we were about ten feet away. “Okay, run,” Jason whispered.
As we passed by at a steady jaunt we were relieved to see that the stairs were empty and slowed back down to a stroll.
On and on we walked and finally arrived at the 7-Eleven fifteen minutes later. The air conditioner blowing inside was a blessing after our journey.
Diane was working behind the counter again and as we walked past on our way to the Big Gulp machine, she said, “Hey, there fellas. How you guys do- Hey. I remember you.” Pointing at me, she snapped her fingers a couple times. “Ahhh, Ricky. Right? The kid with the ESP.”
I nodded, smiled and said hello. Jason and I were the only customers in the store at the moment and as we filled our gigantic cups with soda, Diane said, “No bottles today guys?”
“No,” Jason answered, putting a lid on his drink and shoving a long red straw down the middle. “We’re saving them up. We’re going to bring them down at the end of the summer so we can get lots of money for ‘em.”
“Well, that sounds like a fine idea,” Diane proclaimed as we placed our drinks on the counter in front of her. “That going to be all?”
“Yeah. But can I have some quarters, too?” Jason asked her.
“Me too,” I added.
“Okay. Let’s see. That’s a dollar seventy-eight for the Big Gulps.”
Jason and I handed over our bonus dollars that our dad had given us for having the hill done early and Diane rang up the sale and handed the change back to Jason who was about to pocket it but before he could I tapped his shoulder and pointed to the jar on the counter. Donald’s jar. Help fight Cananvan disease. He dropped the change in and smiled at me.
“Now, how many quarters do you want?” asked Diane.
“Two dollars worth for me,” Jason said.
“And two for me,” I told her.
We gave her the two fives and she turned it into two sets of eight quarters and three dollar bills for each of us. Shutting the register drawer, she asked, “For the video games?”
We nodded.
“Well, we got a new one in yesterday. It’s called Donkey Kong. I tried it out this morning and it’s pretty fun. Big ape throwing barrels at you.”
After putting the money safely in our pockets, we headed back behind the cashiers stand, next to the beer coolers. There, we saw that the Pac-Man game had been replaced by the new one Diane had described. Asteroids was still in the same place it had stood for over a year, though. Apparently it was a little more popular than the dot muncher.
Jason popped in a quarter and after a few tries figured out how to climb up the ladders and jump over the barrels to save the damsel in distress that Donkey Kong held captive. When his first game was over, we both shoved quarters in and played doubles for the next hour and a half.
People came and went from the store as we played. Some bought cigarettes. Others bought beer. The cash register bellowed out its mechanical jingle every time a transaction was made. But time passed and our quarter supply diminished, and when we were out we knew it was time to go. Jason, looking up at the clock on the wall noted that it was almost five and told me we needed to start heading back home. But before we left, he ran over to one of the aisles and grabbed four packs of baseball cards and took them to Diane to ring up.
Outside in the heat, on our walk home, our Big Gulps half empty, we opened up the cards to see which players Jason had got and we shared the powder coated sticks of gum that came inside the packs.
All but one of the players was ones he already had. He gave a whoop of excitement, though, when he pulled out a Reggie Jackson in a Yankee’s uniform. “Cool. This is the one I needed,” he said sliding a stick of gum in his mouth. “You want the rest?”
“Sure,” I replied. He always gave me his doubles. I kept my own half-assed collection in the top drawer of the desk in our room. I stuck the stack of cards in the back pocket of my shorts and chomped on a stick of gum myself.
We chewed and walked and drank from our oversized cups, not talking much the rest of the way home. The heat of the day and the yard work earlier had sapped us.
When we got back to Cottonwood Steve was nowhere in site, but Cory was out sweeping up fresh mown grass clippings from the sidewalk in front of his house. He let us know he wouldn’t be able to play that evening and we told him we’d see him tomorrow.
At home, the inside of our house smelled like fried chicken. Mom was busy making it at the stove for our dinner. Dad and Susan were watching the news on TV, sitting in his recliner; ‘The King’s Chair’ as he called it.
Our yard work was done. Our summer had just begun. The next day was July fourth, the day of the big block party. We couldn’t wait.
The excitement, though, didn’t start the next day with the fireworks show. Instead it started earlier, in the morning, when Steve and Cory came pounding on our front door and we saw that Steve was holding the local section of the newspaper in his hand once again.


TWENTY-THREE
“Can you guys come out?” Steve asked.
It was after eight so we’d already had our breakfast and our mom was good to let us go.
“Yeah,” Jason told him as we stood in the entryway. “What’s up?”
“Just come on. I’ll tell you when we get there,” Steve said hurriedly.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
Cory, in his usual, bullying tone said, “To the Tree, runt. Now hurry up! I’m dying to know too.”
I begged them to hold up while I ran back to my room to get my shoes. Jason shouted to our parents, who were back in their bedroom, that we were going out to play.
“Hold on a second,” mom yelled back as I put my second shoe on.
Mom and I walked back down the hall and out to where Jason was standing on the front porch with Steve and Cory. 
“Listen, boys, all of you. I want you guys to promise me something, okay?” Mom told each of us. “I want you to promise that you won’t talk to any strangers while you’re out playing. Can you do that?”
“Promise, mom,” Jason said with a confused look on his face.
“Okay,” Steve told her.
Cory nodded.
“I worry about you kids is all. If someone you don’t know approaches you, I want you to just run as fast and as far away from them as possible. Got it?”
“Got it,” we all said together.
We knew mom worried about us. What mother doesn’t worry about her children? But this was a little odd that she’d say this. She had never gone to this length to warn us about strangers in broad daylight. Or other people’s children for that matter.
“Alright. Don’t get into any trouble, either,” She added. “Hear me?”
“Yes, mom,” Jason told her a little impatiently. “Can we go now?”
Mom gave us a sigh and said, “Yes. Just be careful.”
And with that the four of us were headed up the street to our new club house.
The Tree.
On our walk, I noticed up in the pale, blue sky, a single, lazy, thin, wisp of a cloud hanging like an old spider web. Down below, on the street, the mimosa trees in the parkways were fuller than ever, their leaves a gorgeous dark green. Some of the puff-ball flowers that sprouted from the smaller branches up top had snapped off and made suicidal leaps to the lawns below were they lay like pink snow.
We walked on farther through our neighborhood, past houses that stood twelve feet apart from each other, some of them with lawns as green as a spring meadow and others that had turned an awful yellow and were dying of heat stroke. There were houses painted in browns and tans and some with brightly lit colors as if deranged circus clowns lived within.
But all in all, our neighborhood and the city of Corona was a pretty normal place to live. At least we had always thought of it as normal.
Up until that summer, actually up until that very day, we all thought of our home town as a peaceful little berg in Southern California. But within the next half an hour our outlook on Corona and the people that resided there would change. The feeling that we were safe there ended July fourth, 1982.
At the corner of Cottonwood and Fullerton, Steve said what we were all feeling. 
“Damn it’s hot.”
“No crap,” Cory confirmed. How come no one brought water? It’s gotta be a hundred out here.”
“Hey, I still don’t even know why we’re going up there,” Jason chimed. “What’s up, Steve? You going to tell us why we’re going to the Tree or what?”
“I’ll tell you guys all about it when we get there,” Steve said impatiently, “and not a second before.”
“Well screw this,” Cory said halfway down Mr. Gagner’s yard. “I’m getting an orange.”
“Be careful,” I warned. “Ben almost got me the other day when I was trying to get one.”
As Cory climbed to the top of the cinder block wall, holding on to the iron fencing above it, he said, “Ricky, the only reason you almost got chomped by that stupid dog is because you’re a scaredy-cat. And everyone knows dogs love chasing cats. I, on the other hand, will kick the living shit out of that mutt.” He reached through the bars and plucked an undersized orange from its spot.
“I ain’t no scaredy-cat, you butthole,” I told him through gritted teeth.
He turned around on his perch at the top of the wall and chucked the orange at me. I was quick enough to duck as it sailed past my head and rolled out into the middle of Fullerton where it was promptly flattened by a passing station wagon.
“Watch it, jerk!” I yelled.
“Knock it off. Both of you,” Steve commanded. We did as he said and he turned to Cory. “Grab four while you’re up there. One for each of us.”
“I’ll grab one for you guys, but I ain’t getting one for that little turd,” Cory told him.
“Just do it,” Steve said.
With a hurt look on his face, Cory picked a couple and tossed them down to Steve and Jason. Then he picked a small yellow looking thing and threw it at my feet. I picked it up and dusted it off as Cory hopped down with an orange of his own.
“Come on,” Steve said. “Let’s get going. Save the oranges for the Tree.
We continued on our journey, but just before we got to the dirt path on the outskirts of Dead Grove, we heard, “Hey. What the hell do you kids think you’re doing?”
Mr. Gagner stood on the other side of his closed gate that led down his drive, Ben, growling and staring holes through us, at his feet.
The four of us stopped dead in our tracks. Steve looked over at him and simply said, “What?”
“What do you think what?” Mr. Gagner fired back, standing there in his red and black flannel shirt, denim jeans and cowboy boots. The beard he wore would make you think Abraham Lincoln had become a lumberjack. “You picking my oranges?”
“Yeah,” Steve answered.
“Well, did I give you permission to pick them?”
Looking down at the big Saint Bernard, Steve said, “No. We didn’t think you’d mind.”
“Yeah. We only picked four,” Jason added.
Getting a little more flustered and putting his hands on his meaty hips he shot Jason a glance. 
“I don’t give a damn how many you picked. You think I want every kid in the neighborhood hopping my fence and stealing my oranges? Hell no!”
Jason flinched and looked down at his feet shaking his head from side to side.
“Not to mention you upset my dog when you do that. You want I should turn him loose on ya?” Mr. Gagner yelled.
“No,” we all said at the same time and took a step back.
“Now, I had to pick a BB out of Ben’s lip the other day. You little brats see anyone shootin’ at my dog?” He asked us.
We looked over at Steve just as he said, “Nope.”
“Yeah,” Mr. Gagner continued, “well if I find out who did it, I’m going to beat ‘em on their ass with a switch. They’ll wish they’d never been born.” Then under his breath, he said, “Sons of bitches.”
“Hey, sorry about your oranges,” Cory said to the older man behind the gate.” They really don’t taste all that good, anyway.” And just as Mr. Gagner’s expression was changing from anger to confusion, Cory added, “Oh, and you and your ugly dog can kiss my butt.” He bent over and shook his rear a couple of times and darted off down the dirt trail along Fullerton.
Mr. Gagner was shocked and surprised now. His face turned crimson as he yelled, “Damn smart ass. You kids get the hell out of here.” 
Ben started in with his own outrage, slamming up against the gate and letting out a thunderous tirade of angry barks.
The three of us nearly came out of our Vans as we headed off after Cory. 
When we finally caught up to him at the end of the block Steve said, “Why the hell do you always gotta do stuff like that, ya dick?”
We all stood catching our breath for a second and Cory replied, “Man, that guy’s an asshole. He can’t tell me he’s going to beat my ass. Screw him.”
“You’re going to end up getting us into trouble, man,” Jason chided him.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Cory said. “He ain’t going to say anything to our parents.”
“You better hope not,” Steve said and chuckled. “Man you’re crazy.”
We all had a good laugh about it as we crossed Magnolia and once on the other side of the street we stopped and stared at the abandoned house at the corner, the one that was supposedly haunted. Or so rumor had it.
We looked at each other for a bit and then Steve said something I didn’t particularly want to hear. “Hey, want to see if we can get inside?”
“Yeah,” Cory and Jason said at the same time.


TWENTY-FOUR
The house wasn’t anything out of the ordinary, except of course that the door had been padlocked and the windows boarded over. ‘NO TRESPASSING’ had been spray painted in tall red letters on each piece of plywood. It had once been green with white trim, but the elements had stripped it of most of its color. Weeds and dead grass stood waist high all around, boxes and bottles and discarded waste littered the property. Its backyard was sixteen acres of open field.
Was it haunted? Back then I thought so. Jason and Cory thought it might be. Steve had his doubts.
Whatever it was, it didn’t look like your typical haunted house. You’d figure for a place to have spooks residing in it, it would have to be a three story mansion, have belfries, an old, dead oak tree out front, iron gates leading up the drive and a permanent full moon suspended in the sky above it. But this house was just like the houses we lived in, maybe a decade older. It had three bedrooms, two baths and a garage that was part of the house itself.
I wasn’t so much afraid to be around it. Hell, we walked past it on our way to school. But being inside of it certainly wasn’t on the top of my list of things to do. I knew there wouldn’t be any electricity on in that house. The windows had big pieces of plywood nailed to them to restrict access, which meant it would be pitch black inside. It had been empty for as long as I could remember, for as long as any of us could, so who knew what kind of creepy crawly things lived within its dark mass. I don’t even want to get started on spiders.
And then there were the ghosts to think about. For years, stories of the house and the spirits that dwelt there were passed along from kid to kid around our neighborhoods and through our school. The most popular story being that the first year the house was built, a young couple moved in; the perfect couple. He was a firefighter, she a homemaker, working on their first baby. Well, nine months after they bought the house, low and behold, a miracle happened. She had managed to get pregnant and once she learned of the good news, she wanted to immediately share it with her husband who was on duty at the station just a mile and a half up Magnolia from the house. She called and told him to come home quick; she had something very special to tell him.
But a few minutes later when he did arrive home, he found his lovely wife in a pool of blood at the bottom of the back steps, barely alive. A laundry basket lay next to her, overturned, soaking up the gore. 
It seemed that as she was waiting for her hubby to get home, she decided to hang some clothes on the line outside to dry, and on her way down the steps, missed one and took a header into an old glass coffee table they had set aside to throw out.
Well, when the man came strolling up calling out to his wife and getting no answer, he started to worry. He went from room to room but found nothing. Then he finally went through the kitchen and saw the back door opened. Slowly he crept closer and closer, calling out her name until finally he saw her lying at the bottom of the steps, bloodied and dying.
He rushed out the door and to his wife. He saw the blood and the broken table that she had been harpooned by. It was the same table she’d been nagging him to get rid of for the last two months. He bent low, knelt next to her and cradled her head in his lap. He’d cried and shook.
Two large shards of glass jutted from her torso, one from her left breast and one from her belly. Her face no longer looked the same. It had been rearranged by glass, opened and split. She had on a mask of blood and where the right eye should have been, there was what looked like a peeled tomato.
With her good eye fixed on him she tried to smile but her bottom lip was missing. She tried to speak. 
“Sa-“ she swallowed hard and then puked red. “Save-“ 
Shhh, he told her. Don’t worry, he said. I’ll save you, sweetheart. 
She shook her head slowly, blinked her good eye, and in a gurgled whisper, tried again. 
“Save the baby.” 
Then her eye closed. 
Then her breathing ceased. 
Then her heart stopped.
The husband realized at that moment what the good news was that she had called him about. She had finally conceived. They were going to have a child.
Were.
In shock of his wife’s death and the news of the pregnancy, he rocked his head back and yelled to the sky, holding his wife’s lifeless head, a flock of doves exploded into flight.
It was his fault. If he had just done what she had asked and got rid of the damn table, she would be still alive. Her and the baby just starting to grow inside her. But from his laziness, he had now lost his wife and a child.
Then, obvious to him, after his tears stopped falling and his voice went horse, there was only one thing he could do.
He was a firefighter, responsible for saving peoples lives. But he couldn’t save the life of the most important person in his world. In fact he felt he was the cause of her death.
So he picked up her gashed and lifeless body and carried it inside as if it were a small child that had fallen asleep. He took her and laid her gently on the bed that they once shared but never would again. Then he went into the garage, in a daze, to get the gas can and a length of rope. The can was only half full, the rope only four feet long but they would both do their jobs all the same.
When he got back to the bedroom he leaned over the bloody body and kissed her tacky top lip. 
“I love you,” he said. “I’m so sorry. I’ll see you soon.”
He upended the can and the stinky, blue fluid spilled down on her body below. When he was done he threw the gas can through the window to make sure enough oxygen could get into the room. But before he lit the match he took the rope and a chair into the closet. He tied one end around a rafter and made a loop at the other end, slipped his head through.
With the box of stick matches, he lit one and threw it at his wife’s body. It went out before it landed on the bed. He tried again and failed again. By the third try he had realized that all he needed to do was light the whole box. He did this, and threw the fireball at the bed.
His dead wife went whumph in a ball of flame and he stepped off the chair, choking and watching the pyre before him, until death took him too.
And the strange thing was (and this is the part where the kid telling the story adds a little emphasis), the house didn’t burn down from the fire. Instead, when the fire department showed up (the same one the husband had worked at), they found the wife’s body on the bed, charred and smoldering but nothing else in the room had burned or even scorched. They also found the husband-their former compatriot-hanging in the closet, eyes bulged out, staring at his wife’s remains.
The end.
Yeah, it was pretty stupid and it was only child legend.
But on quiet nights, you were supposed to be able to here the moans of a woman saying, “Save my baby. Save my baby.” A man’s sobbing voice could be heard as well.
Standing outside of that house was one thing, going inside was another and I had no plans on doing the latter anytime soon. I would have to build up plenty of courage before stepping one foot inside.
Steve, Jason, Cory and I circled the place slowly, the other boys trying to find a breach in its hull, pulling and pushing on the plywood. I hung back, searching the grounds for discarded treasures; which there was plenty of, if you considered trash a treasure.
After a few more minutes we had come full circle back to the front of the house where Steve went up to try the thick wooden door. It was all in vain though, even from my vantage point I could see the thick padlock and latch denying access.
To my relief they gave up any hope of trying to find a way in, today at least, and we walked back through the tall, brown grass and crossed over Fullerton, heading out into the field where the Tree stood.
Steve took the folded newspaper out of his back pocket, tapped each of us on the head and said, “Race ya’,” and started running for our new fort.


TWENTY-FIVE
The others had outrun me and were already inside the cool canopy of the Tree when I finally arrived, sitting on old crates and boxes, Jason on a low thick branch four feet from the ground. I had given up after a few shouts of ‘Wait for me,’ when Steve started the race. I knew how competitive each one was and I also knew I stood no chance in beating them so instead followed the trail of smashed grass they had left in their wake. 
Once inside, the difference in temperature was immediate. It was sublime compared to the heat in the field. They were already tearing into their oranges, pitching the peels every which way.
“So how come you didn’t bring Jackie with you,” Jason asked Steve.
“My mom actually got a day off from work, for the holiday,” Steve explained, throwing an orange peel at Cory and missing. “Her and mom are staying in and making ribs and coleslaw for the party tonight. A cake too, I think.”
“Ooh. Tell her to save me a big piece,” Cory said.
“Tell your mamma to save you a piece,” Steve countered and threw another peel in Cory’s direction. Cory blocked it with his hand. “What is your guys’ mom making?” The question was directed at Jason and me.
I plopped down on a sheet of cardboard, tired from the walk and went to work on my own orange. Jason swung down from his perch and squatted next to me. 
“I think she’s making lasagna and potato salad. I don’t know if she’s making a dessert or not, though. She tell you, Ricky?”
“I asked her to make a strawberry pie. But all she said was well see,” I answered sticking a piece of the sour fruit into my mouth.
“What’s your mom making, Cory? Margaritas and screw drivers?” Steve asked sarcastically with a laugh. It looked as if it might have stung Cory a bit. We all knew how much his parents liked to drink and gave him crap about it sometimes, but he knew how to take it in stride. He had admitted to us a couple times that he had snuck some of his parents booze and had gotten drunk on it. We didn’t doubt him.
“Shut up. My dad’s got to drive the limo tonight so he won’t even be there. My mom will be home but she’s staying inside. I don’t think she’s making anything but she told me and Christy that we could hang out in the front yard and watch the fireworks.”
Steve looked a little embarrassed that he had made the comment and said, “Hey, I was just joking.”
“Yeah,” Jason jumped in. “Just tell your mom that you’re hanging out with us. Our mom’s not going to care if you eat our food. I think everyone in the neighborhood’s sharing what they made with everyone else anyway.”
“You can have some of my mom’s ribs, too,” Steve offered.
“Gee. Thanks guys,” Cory said with a fake sob, pretending to wipe a tear from his eye. “I don’t know what I’d do without you guys.” He looked up at us, cracked a grin and rolled his eyes. “Oh yeah, probably be a lot better off.”
We all threw orange peels at him this time. He didn’t stand a chance in blocking any of them. 
“Alright, cut the crap,” Cory said. “What got you so excited this morning? Obviously it’s something in that newspaper there, so tell.”
“Yeah, what is it, Steve?” I asked.
Steve only looked at each of us. We didn’t know if he was trying to build suspense-which he was good at-or if he was just thinking of how to start. Finally he took the paper, unfolded it and opened it up and showed us the front of the local section. In big bold letters, it read: SEARCH FOR MISSING GIRL ENDS IN TRAGEDY
Underneath the caption, and to the left, there was a picture of a young girl with brown eyes and brown hair wearing a flowered sun dress. The picture was black and white and was probably a school photo. 
We stared back at the girl who looked out from that colorless picture. In it she smiled. Her two front teeth were missing. She was an everyday ordinary girl. But a girl that would never flash that toothless grin again. 
It was Jason that asked, “Who’s that?”
Steve put the section of paper in his lap for the moment and rested his chin on his folded hands. “You guys remember the other day up in Cory’s playhouse when I read the article about that little girl that was found dead by the train tracks? Her name was Amy Garret.”
“Yeah,” Jason answered as Cory and I nodded. 
“The girl that you knew,” I said.
“Right. Well, at the end of the article,” he continued, “it said that there was another girl that was missing. Her name was Melissa Brown. It also said that the police hoped that the two cases weren’t connected.” He paused there, picking the paper back up. “Well, when I got up this morning and got the newspaper from the driveway, I did what I’ve been doing for the last couple of days. I took it in to my bedroom and opened it up to the local section. And this is what I found.” He tapped the black and white picture of the girl. “This is her. This is Melissa Brown. And now they do think that the two cases are connected. They think that the same person killed both kids.”
And as a feeling of dread sunk into me and probably into Jason and Cory as well, Steve read us the article.


Corona-The search for a missing nine-year old girl ended in tragedy Thursday morning as the body of Melissa Brown was found almost two weeks after she was reported missing from her bedroom by her parents on June 21st.
The child’s decomposing body was discovered by Elisa Parker, a homeless woman, while sifting through trash bins behind the now closed Pic n’ Sav on Main Street. The body had been left inside of a metal trash can in an area used to house garbage dumpsters. And although the store had been recently sold to make way for a new Mervyn’s retail outlet, the bins remained in back and were frequently used for illegal dumping.
When asked about the grisly discovery, Mrs. Parker said she was doing what she had done every day for the past thirteen years when she came upon the girl’s body; trying to survive.
“Main Street is my home,” Mrs. Parker told reporters. “It has been ever since I lost my job in ’69. Sometimes I stay in a woman’s shelter on Sixth Street, but when the weathers warm like it is now, I find it peaceful to sleep outdoors. The shelter provides food when I need it, and I’ve made friends who own restaurants in the area. They help me out sometimes. But mostly I try to buy my own food. I collect cans and recycle them to get money.
“I was out yesterday going from store to store, picking through the garbage containers, looking for cans. I’d been behind the Pic N’ Sav plenty of times before. I knew they were closed down but sometimes people come and dump trash and old furniture in the back. I actually slept on a couch someone had thrown away back there that night before I found the little girl.” Mrs. Parker had to stop and wipe tears away form her eyes before continuing. “When I got up in the morning I started searching through the dumpsters that were left over after the store shut down. After that I noticed an old beat-up trash can back in the corner. I went over to check it for more cans and before I got twenty-feet from it, I noticed the smell. At first I thought it was just rotting food or something, but when I opened it I saw the brown hair and I nearly fainted. I don’t know who could have done something like that to a sweet little child, but I don’t think God forgives those kinds of monsters. It was the mask that was the worst part of all.”
When she was finished recounting her story, Elisa Parker broke down crying, asking the same question over and over: Why?
It seems that whoever committed this horrendous act also harbors a sick fantasy as well.
After having been kidnapped from her home, the killer murdered Melissa and placed her inside of the metal trash can and dumped it behind the store. But not before putting a Halloween mask on her then lifeless body. The mask was that of the Sesame Street character, Oscar the Grouch.
Nobody is sure if the Grouch mask was left to taunt the police, but one thing seems almost certain now; this murder and that of Amy Garret, an eight-year-old girl found strangled and dumped next to the Corona train depot, are most likely connected.
When asked for more information about the girls’ murders, police Chief Daniel Steele, had this to say:
“From the moment police arrived on the scene, it was immediately determined that the murders of Melissa Brown and Amy Garret were almost certainly related. After seeing the mask on Melissa’s body, it was almost impossible to believe that we were dealing with two separate murderers.
“It seems that the person responsible for the deaths of these two children is leaving a calling card. On Melissa it was the mask of Oscar the Grouch, a character from the children’s television show Sesame Street. On Amy, it was the device used to strangle her. Police at that crime scene recovered a shoelace that had been wrapped around the girl’s neck. On the shoelace were figures of Sesame Street characters.”


When Steve had read the last part, I thought I was going to faint. I gasped at the thought of what was sitting in my desk drawer at home. I might have been young, but I certainly wasn’t stupid. Right then and there I knew that I had something in my possession that the killer had once had; the shoelace from the construction site.
Jason had asked me, when I had first found it, what I was going to do with it. Make a necklace out of it was my answer to him. It seemed that the killer had used the other lace, the one missing from the package to make a necklace as well: A necklace for Amy Garret.


TWENTY-SIX
I looked over at Jason where he sat on his haunches and he looked back, eyes wide, mouth open. He remembered the shoelace as too.
It was cool inside the shade of the Tree, but a deeper chill had suddenly found its way to the core of my body.
Steve read on as Jason and I sat there, numb.


Although police still have no leads on who committed these atrocious acts, they have assured the community that they are doing everything in their power to find this Sesame Street Killer. They are also urging parents to make sure all windows and doors are kept locked in their homes at night.
Melissa Brown was a third grade student at El Cerrito elementary school.


“There’s a little more about the article on page three, but that’s pretty much what I wanted to read to you guys,” Steve said. He looked up from the paper and saw Jason and me staring at each other. “What is it? You guys are white as sheets.”
Jason broke eye contact with me and turned to face Steve. Cory had gotten off the crate and had moved in closer to Jason.
“What is it, man?” Cory asked.
After a moment of trying to find his voice, Jason said, “The shoelace.” Now Steve and Cory exchanged a confused look. “Oh, my God, Ricky.”
“I know,” I said.
“What? What is it?” Cory demanded again.
Jason stood up, leaned against where the fat branch met the trunk and took a deep breath. 
“The other morning, Monday I think, Ricky and I went up to the construction site, the one across Magnolia there.” He paused, trying to remember the exact name he had read on the sign that morning. “Magnolia Glen. That one over there.” He pointed north to where the unfinished town homes stood not more than three hundred yards away and we all turned to peer through the foliage at the skeletal structures being built. He went on to tell how we had gone there to collect bottles, moving from house to house, when I had discovered the package containing the lone shoelace.
When he was finished, Cory asked excitedly, “Do you still have it?”
I nodded. “It’s in my drawer at home.”
Now Steve stood, letting the paper fall from his lap onto the bed of dry leaves and dead bark. “Hey, you can’t be sure if the missing shoelace from the package you found was the one the killer used to strangle Amy,” he said, looking at my brother and me. Of course we knew it was. How could it not to be? We might not have wanted to believe it at that moment, but somewhere deep inside we knew the truth.
“No wonder mom told us not to talk to strangers this morning,” Jason said. “I wondered why she gave us that lecture. She and dad probably heard something too.” He then turned to our leader. “What do you think we should do, Steve?”
“I don’t know,” he told him. “Maybe we should take the package to the police. There might be a finger print on it or something. It could help with their investigation.”
The three then looked at me and Jason asked, “Do you still have the package it came in, Ricky?”
I shook my head. “I threw it on the ground after I took the shoestring out and put it in my pocket.”
“You moron,” Cory exclaimed.
“Shut up,” I shot back. “How was I supposed to know?”
Cory took a step toward me but Steve halted him with a hand to his chest. We stared at each other for what seemed like minutes, the silence broken only by the screech of a hawk in the hot sky.
After a moment, Steve said, “To tell you guys the truth, now that I think about it, I doubt there’s anything to do. Even if we took the shoelace down to the police, what could they do with it? The one you’ve got Ricky isn’t the murder weapon. Besides, they’d probably think we just read the article in the paper and went out and bought a shoelace with Sesame Street characters on it and were playing a joke or something.” He paused for a second, thinking. “I mean, we could tell them where you found it, but I’m sure most, if not all, of the trash inside those houses has been picked up by now.” He paced for a second and then turned back to us. “But you see now what I told you guys? This is a serial killer.”
Then the smartass of the group, Cory, said, “Yeah, you sure told us detective.”
Steve turned on him, got right in his face, and said, “You know what, Cory? You’re about this close to getting your ass kicked right now.” He held his fingers an inch apart to emphasize just how near Cory was to a whoopin’. “I mean you pull that crap with Mr. Gagner earlier. You always got something smart to say about everything. Not to mention you pick on Ricky all the time, which I can’t understand because you’re only twice his size. So, let me tell you something, smart guy. If you want to mouth off to someone do it to me, alright. Come on, say something, chicken shit.”
Cory wouldn’t match Steve’s gaze and had been looking at his feet ever since the bigger boy had gotten up in front of him. He took a step back and raised his arms in a shrug and said, “Hey, I was just kidding around, Steve. I didn’t know it was going to piss you off. It was just a joke. I’m sorry, okay.”
Steve stood his ground for a few seconds more and then backed off. He turned to us and said, “Anyway, let’s just hope they catch the killer before another kid gets it. At first, I thought it would be exciting to know we had a serial killer in town. Now it’s just plain scary.”
“Yeah,” Cory jumped in, “and at least you’ve got a souvenir, Ricky.”
Jason closed his eyes and shook his head at his best friend’s dry sense of humor. Just the thought of that shoelace in my drawer made me sick to my stomach. 
“I’m throwing it away when I get home,” I said to no one and everyone.
“No,” Cory interjected. “Give it to me. I’ll keep it.” Steve looked over at Cory and Cory said, “What?” a little sheepishly.
We sat there, inside the shade of the pepper tree, not talking but casting glances in each other’s direction from time to time. The screech of the hawk came again and when I looked out into the field I saw it dive bomb down into the thick yellow grass. It flapped its wings twice and wrestled with something beneath. With a mighty thrust, it shot off the ground and pumped up into the sky carrying a long, wriggling garter snake in its talons.
Facing Jason, I asked a question not even the wisest of scholars could answer. “Why does God let stuff like that happen?”
“Stuff like what?” he asked back.
I stood up, brushed the dirt from the back of my shorts, picked up a bottle cap and flicked it out into the field. “Why does God let people kill little kids like that?”
He looked as if he wasn’t sure how to answer and all he could say was, “I don’t know.”
Steve came over and knelt down in front of me. He placed his hands on my shoulders and said in a solemn voice, “You want to know why God let’s little kids die like that, Ricky? I’ll tell you why. Because there is no God, that’s why.”
I didn’t know what to make of his statement, though, I’ll admit, it did frighten me a bit. I hadn’t ever really known where Steve’s religious beliefs lay, but for some reason I thought everyone believed in God. Steve, apparently, did not.
“Hey, Steve, don’t say that,” Jason told him.
“What, Jay?” Steve said back, standing up and facing my brother. “You think if there really was a God he’d let people go around murdering other people? You think he’d let people get into car wrecks or let people drown in floods?” He turned around to Cory and directed his blasphemous speech to him. “What about you, Dayborne? Do you think God would let a baby burn to death in a house fire or let a little girl get run over by a car? Would God let thousands of people die, like when we dropped that bomb on Hiroshima?” Continuing his rotation, he came back to me. “No, Ricky. You can bet your sweet ass that there is no God. Too many bad things happen in the world to make me believe in Him.”
We were all quiet again for a time and it was Jason who broke that silence first. 
“Don’t listen to him, Ricky. I believe in God and so should you even if Steve doesn’t.”
“Oh, that’s good,” Steve snapped. “I’d like you to prove to me that God exists. Can you do that for me, Jason? Can you?”
Jason took a step toward our leader, and in the same tone, said, “Why don’t you prove to me that he doesn’t?”
They had a staring contest for a moment and then Steve moved in closer. He tore the bandana from his head and pulled his long hair back from his brow. Pointing to his hairline and the fat, ugly scar underneath, he shouted, “Why the hell do I have this, huh? Why the hell did I have to spend a week in the hospital after my father, my own father, nearly killed me?” Jason winced at the sight and Steve went on. He pulled his shirt off over his head and threw it on the ground. On his left side, below his armpit, an angry purple bruise stood out like a flattened eggplant. “You see this?” He yelled. “Where is God when my brother beats the shit out of me, huh? Where was he the day I walked in on my sister being…” His shouts broke off and became whimpers, tears began to course down his face and his shoulders suddenly sagged. “…when my little sister was being…” And that’s as far as he could go. He yelled at the top of his lungs and punched the palm of his hand with his fist. Shaking his head and covering his eyes, he walked from under the cover of our tree and out into the field.
Jason looked at Cory and Cory looked at me and I back at Jason. I could only assume Jason was thinking the same thing I was. The day before, when we had gone over to Steve’s house to see if he wanted to go to the 7-Eleven with us, we had heard shouting through their closed door followed by a loud ‘smack’. The bruise on his side looked just about the right size to have come from a belt.
None of us said a word. We had never seen Steve cry before, though we thought nothing less of him for doing so. He had every right to let out that pent up anger he’d been carrying around with him for so long. Exactly what his father had done to him or what he was going to tell us about his sister, Jackie, we didn’t know. And at the time we weren’t sure we wanted to.
Finally, as Cory and I stared at each other in uncomfortable silence, Jason picked up Steve’s shirt and bandana and went out to comfort our friend.


TWENTY-SEVEN
The two stood together, twenty feet outside the canopy, talking in hushed whispers. Steve hung his head in either humiliation or to hide his tears, his hair covering his face. Jason, next to him, had his hand on the other boys shoulder, reassuring him over and over that everything was alright.
I moved in closer to Cory, not so much worried anymore about his desire to beat the snot out of me, and asked him, “Do you know what happened to Steve’s head?”
Cory had mellowed out some and there wasn’t any reason for us to bicker at each other anymore. After Steve’s performance, it didn’t seem worth the energy for either of us to be mad at the other. 
“He never told me,” he said. “I saw that scar a couple of times before, but I was always afraid to ask him about it. I kind of always thought that Jacob did it.”
“Me too.”
We stood there together for a few minutes longer, not talking, watching Jason calm Steve down and after a while it seemed that he had done just that. They came back into the shade of our fort, Steve wouldn’t immediately look at any of us and we kept our mouths shut, not wanting to set him off again. He put his shirt back on his thin chest, hiding the horrible purple bruise his brother had marked him with. Next, the bandana, to cover up the sins of the father. His eyes were red and puffy, dirt streaked his cheeks where his tears had run.
Steve was twelve and being the oldest, was the leader of our group. He always seemed so cool and laid back, a little rough around the edges but still we all looked up to him. It was just a little awkward having to face him after seeing him explode like that though. No one knows better than a child, that crying is pretty much the only cure for emotional frustration. Adults will scream and hit or drink and smoke or curse and screw when they need to relieve stress. But for children, crying can lift the weight of a thousand worlds from their shoulders, even if only for a short time.
Steve had needed that cry. He had probably needed it for longer than we had known him.
The silence, in our fort, was astounding, broken only by the buzzing of fat, emerald June bugs as they soared from branch to branch like tiny acrobats.
In my mind, a shoestring sat in the drawer of my desk and somewhere there was a dead girl who had been strangled by its mate.
Steve spoke so softly then that we almost didn’t hear him. 	“Sorry, guys.”
Tearing at some loose bark on the trunk of the tree, Jason reassured him. “It’s okay.”
“No, it’s not,” he said back, finding more of his voice now. “I had no right to yell at you guys like that. What happened to me was no ones fault but my own.”
“Steve, it’s not your fault that your dad put you in the hospital like he did. It’s not your fault that your brother hits you, either. The guy’s an asshole and we all know it,” Jason told him.
Steve shook his head. “I still had no right to treat you guys like that. Cory, I know you just like to joke around a lot. I’m sorry for saying what I did.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Cory told him.
“Ricky, I can’t tell you what you can or can’t believe in. If you want to believe in God, then follow your heart. Just cause I don’t doesn’t mean I can tell you not to. I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay, Steve.”
“Thanks,” he said. “I’m so ashamed of myself right now. You guys are the best friends I’ve ever had. I don’t need to bring you down with my problems.” He paused for a moment to wipe the dirt from his cheeks. “When I thought of that girl, Amy, the one in girl scouts with Jackie, and I pictured her being choked with a shoelace, it just got me. No one deserves that. It also made me think of my dad and Jacob and the things they’ve done. I can’t understand why some people have to be the way they are. Why some people feel the need to hate so much.”
None of us knew what to say to him. We knew he was sincere in asking our forgiveness, although he didn’t need to. We loved Steve like a brother, and nothing he said or did could ever have changed that.
After a moment of pondering, Jason said, “You know, there was something you read in the paper that reminded me of something.”
“What was it,” Steve asked.
“I don’t know,” Jason said with his eyes shut, thinking. “It was there for just a second. It was like when you get that feeling that you’ve heard something before or been somewhere and just can’t remember.”
“Déjà vu?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, that’s it.”
Cory stepped in between the two and said, “Maybe you just got that feeling when you heard about the shoelace remembering when your brother found the package.”
Shaking his head, Jason said back, “No. It seems like it was right before that part, like there was something that the police chief said or something. All the sudden it gave me chills. The shoelace thing made me sick, though, that’s for sure.
“Me, too,” I interjected, speaking of the lace. But unlike Jason I hadn’t gotten that feeling of Déjà vu.
“You want me to read it again?” Steve asked. “Maybe if you hear it again it will come to you.”
Jason thought about it for a second but said, “No. I don’t want you to get-. No. That’s okay. It was probably nothing.”
“Well,” Steve said, his mood brightening, “maybe it will come to you later.”
Jason nodded. 
“Maybe.”
And once again we all sat in silence, watching the beetles dance their lazy figure-eights above and listening to the birds sing out in the field. The day was peaceful but hot.
Little kids become curious at a very young age and I was at the peak of my curiosity at that point in my life. Jason and Cory probably never would have asked what I did then, but something inside me was burning to know. 
“Steve?”
“Yeah,” he said, flipping a stick from hand to hand.
“What did your dad do to you?” The stick suddenly fell to the ground and he looked at me with a blank stare. “How come he put you in the hospital?”
He sighed and looked away out into the late morning day. “I’d rather not talk about it,” he said in a voice lacking any emotion.
A small rock hit me square in the chest. I looked over at Jason who was shaking his head slowly, from side to side. Just drop it, that look said. And so I did.
None of us ever asked Steve that question again. We figured if he wanted to tell us, he’d do so in his own time.
“You know what guys?” Steve asked suddenly, his mood fully changed now. “I want to make up for being such a jerk a few minutes ago.” He hopped off the box he was using for a seat and dusted off his butt. “Anybody thirsty?”
Hell yes we were. It was in the high nineties outside and the California sun could dehydrate a kid faster than anything.
“Shit yeah,” Cory said.
Jason and I nodded.
“My mom gave me a couple dollars this morning before I left. Let’s go up to the pharmacy for a coke and a candy bar, my treat.”
It was an excellent idea. And although the oranges we had picked at Mr. Gagner’s house had slaked our thirst for a bit, we were ready for something cold to drink. 
None of us ever thought to bring water with us when we went out during the summer days. We’d usually use the spigot in front of someone’s house to drink from when the heat got the best of us.
The pharmacy, on the other hand, had air conditioning and snacks. Dr. Stan, the pharmacist, was a nice guy and would let us hang out inside to cool off for awhile as well.
Heading out from under the cover of our shelter, we trekked west through the high, dead grass toward our next destination. At the base of the massive pepper tree, the newspaper was left, discarded. On the cover, a dead girl watched beetles dance in the foliage.


TWENTY-EIGHT
When we came to the edge of the field, we had to cross a shallow, concrete drainage ditch. If it had been used recently, it left no signs of the passage of water. Once on the other side, we faced the back of a small apartment building that lay on the outskirts of the parking lot of the city hospital. At one corner, a hose grew from the stucco wall providing us with a refreshing drink of clear cool city water.
With our thirst taken care of for the moment, we walked around the apartment unit and onto the blistering asphalt of a parking lot. Wavy mirage lines wiggled everywhere, the ground tacky under our feet as we strolled through. Above the main entrance to the single story building, two-foot high letters spelled out: CORONA COMMUNITY HOSPITAL.
Jason, Susan and I had all been born here. Cory had as well, but Steve had been born out of state, although he had spent some time in one of the small rooms, convalescing from the damage done by his father.
A hospital is but a weigh station in life; a place where you spend your first moments on earth, or your last before death; a place where God giveth and God taketh away; a place of unimaginable happiness and also of unthinkable tragedy. For Steve, his tragedy came at an early age when he lost his father. Not to death, but to violence. 
We walked on, moving in between cars, baring the heat of the late morning sun. At the far end of the lot, a hill lead up to a group of buildings that stood elevated, on higher ground, above the hospital, as if they somehow knew they were better than the bigger building below.
The hill was made of the same asphalt as the lot was and ran at a twenty degree angle. It was intended for vehicles but when riding our bikes in the area it made for a great shortcut and we’d soar down into the hospital parking lot below, though it pissed off the staff to no end.
Now without our bikes, we were forced to hike the hill to get to the pharmacy, which wasn’t bad but on a hot day like that, it was like climbing Everest.
Privately owned suites made up the small group of buildings above. A dentist’s office stood here, a pediatrics practice over there, a gynecologist’s office next to that. And at the northwest corner stood our intended destination: The Pharmacy.
The offices were all painted a uniform blue, with white molding on the doors and roof. The hallways were outside but covered and walking through them was cooler than in the direct sunlight. When we finally reached the pharmacy, it was Steve who opened the door and held it for us as we filed into the air conditioned room. As I walked through I saw that the door frame had recently been repaired. Fresh, unpainted wood had been screwed in to make a new groove for the lock’s bolt to fit.
There was a long counter that split the suite in half. On one side, the pharmacist and his assistants moved back and forth, pulling bottles filled with patients’ prescriptions from clean white shelves and placing them into clean white paper bags, readying them for pick-up. On the other side, there were lotions and cold medicines, aspirin and antacids, foot powder and jock powder and an assortment of other remedies for what ailed you. At the far end of the room, on a small end-table, a two-foot by two-foot refrigerator stood. Inside were ice cold Cokes, Pepsis and 7-Ups. Next to the fridge was a rack filled with an abundance of chocolate bars and hard candy.
This is what we had come for.
Dr. Stan, the pharmacist, looked up form a clipboard when he heard the door open and close behind us and he pushed his glasses up higher on the bridge of his nose to get a better look. He was in his late fifties or early sixties. His hair was gone from the top of his head and looked as if it had migrated to his nose and ears. He was thin, had no chin and when he looked at you straight on, you couldn’t help but think that the man might be part turtle. He was a good pharmacist though and a kind man and we never made fun of his appearance, at least not in his presence.
“Howdy, boys,” Dr. Stan greeted us.
“Hey, what’s up, doc?” Cory asked, finding the Bugs Bunny line a little more humorous than the rest of us. We rolled our eyes as Dr. Stan gave a low chuckle.
“Hot enough out there for ya, boys?” The doc said and set his clipboard down for the moment.
We all nodded, catching our breath from the walk over.
“Yeah,” he continued, “when I opened up this morning at eight, it was already hotter than a jalapeño fart in Hades.”
This is why we liked Dr. Stan. The man made us laugh with his witty humor. And, I think, seeing us laugh, in turn, made him laugh. He was one of those guys you didn’t get tired of being around and he always seemed to enjoy any company.
“I’m going to have to remember that one, Dr. Stan,” Steve told him.
The doctor’s eyebrows shot up his large, round forehead. “You going to steal one of my lines?”
Steve put his hand up, defensively, and said, “Hey with your permission, of course.”
The doctor smiled at this, and replied, “Yeah, I guess it’s okay. But don’t tell your parents you heard it form me. I don’t want to lose there business.”
“We won’t,” Steve said.
“It’s a damn shame I even had to open up shop today anyway it being the Fourth and all. But people need there medicine.” He picked his clipboard back up and began to write again, but stopped after remembering something. “Oh, and Cory, tell your mom that we got the pumice stones in for her bunions,” and winked at him.
Cory closed his eyes and shook his head, a little embarrassed. “Thanks, doc, I’ll tell her,” he said as the rest of us laughed under our breath.
Continuing his writing, Dr. Stan said to us, “You boys know where the sodas are. I assume that’s why you’re here.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve confirmed.
“Thanks, Dr. Stan,” Jason said.
“Thanks,” I repeated and followed them.
We went to the small fridge and opened it, each of us grabbing our own drink. Then, we picked out a candy bar from the rack next to it and took them up to the counter to pay.
Dr. Stan was just turning to go to the back to tend to other business, but called over his shoulder, “Hold on a second boys, I’ll get Bernice to ring you up.”
We looked at each other, perplexed. We’d never met any Bernice that worked there before.
After a moment, Steve said, “Bernice? Wonder what she looks like.”
“Probably eighty years old and fat as a cow,” Cory whispered. We all giggled at his response.
Jason puffed out his cheeks and held his arms far form his sides and started waddling around. It drew more laughter form us and some of the assistants looked in our direction with reprimanding stares. Steve had to put a finger to his lips to shush us through a series of laughs.
“What’s so funny over here?” a voice asked.
We instantly shut up and turned to the woman standing behind the counter. She wore a white smock with a nametag on the left breast that read: Bernice.
She was either in her late teens or early twenties, had a slim figure, brown hair tied in a bun and the most alluring green eyes any of us had ever seen. Her voice was that of an angel. Five or six years down the road I’d have wet dreams about girls like her. We all stood, silent, mouths open, taking in her beauty.
“Did you guys want to buy those sodas and candy bars?” she sang.
After a moment, Steve realized his jaw was on the floor and after having picked it back up said, “Uh, huh.”
She smiled and looked at each of us to see what we’d grabbed. “Four sodas and four candy bars. That will be two dollars even.”
Steve reached into his pocket and pulled out two wadded up bills and laid them on the counter in front of her. She grabbed them, straightened them out and put them into a faded green, metal lock box.
We continued to stare.
She looked back, a confused expression across her lovely face, and asked, “Was there anything else?”
All we could do was look at her, lost in her eyes, and drool until Cory made the unwitty comment of, “Will you marry me?”
Bernice exploded with laughter which made the other assistants look in our direction once again, disapprovingly. Steve gave Cory a little slug to the shoulder as Bernice got control over herself. 
“You’re sweet,” she told him. “I guess I’ll have to ask my boyfriend, though.” She made a little pouty grin. “You boys have a good holiday,” she said and then turned and headed for the back office.
Cory, looking like he was in heaven, said, “I think I’m in love.”
“Come on you knucklehead,” Steve told him just as the door opened and a woman and a young girl walked in.
The woman, wearing a blue sundress, wasn’t at all familiar to us, but Jason recognized the girl at once.
“Hi, Jason,” the girl said immediately with a jovial grin.
“Hi,” Jason said back with a wave, soft and shy.
Although Steve didn’t know her, Cory and I had seen her and Jason talking before on the playground during our last school year. Her name was Amber Nelson. Jason had sat next to her in Mrs. Simmons third grade class and he had somewhat of a school-boy-crush on her and had told no one of it but me. And although Cory knew a little, I had let that cat out of its bag just days before at the Fort in Dead Grove as we read dirty magazines.
“What are you guys doing here?” Amber inquired.
Jason looked at us, a pink blush rising on his cheeks. Amber’s mother had gone to the counter and was talking with Dr. Stan who had returned form the back.
Jason, looking at his feet now, said, “Oh, we were just out walking around. You know, looking for something to do. We just got thirsty and came up here for a soda.” He finally met her gaze and his cheeks reddened more. “What are you up to?”
Giving a quick smile, Amber rolled her eyes. “Oh, just running some errands with my mom.”
Steve, Cory and I had taken a seat on a bench against the wall, sipping our drinks and nibbling our candy bars. We had a front row seat to Jason and Amber’s little interlude and watched as each had fallen into a short uncomfortable silence. When Jason looked over to us we’d try to embarrass him by making kissing motions while Amber looked away. 
At that age, you don’t really know the basics of conversation with the opposite sex and we could tell they were becoming more and more flustered as both tried to think of something to say.
But then the sun showed through the clouds and Amber found a worthy topic.
“Hey,” she said. “We went to Disneyland last week.”
Jason, looking surprised and a little relieved that the silence had been broken, said, “Really? Wow, that sounds fun. Did you go on lots of rides?”
“Yeah. First we went on The Matterhorn and then The Pirates of the Caribbean.”
“I love those rides.” The color on Jason’s face began to lighten.
“Then we went on The Jungle Cruise and The Haunted Mansion. That one was a little scary.”
“Yeah, I get a little scared on that one too.” He looked at us and shrugged his shoulders as if to ask; am I doing this right?
“But,” Amber went on, “the neatest part was when we went to Tom Sawyer’s island and did the canoes.
“Oh, I’ve never tried those. But they look fun.”
“Yeah, they are. You should try them next time you go.”
“I think I will.”
They both became silent again as the topic died, but it was a short silence. We could almost see the light bulb come on above Jason’s head as he asked, “Hey, what are you and your parents doing tonight for the Fourth of July? We’re having a block party on our street. Maybe you could see if your parents would like to come. There’s going to be fireworks and everything.”
And then with about the most disappointed, lowdown look I’d ever seen a girl make, Amber said, “Oh. I wish I could. But we’re all going out to my uncle’s house in Norco to watch the fireworks from the park. I’m sorry.” Then she did something that about made us choke on our candy bars. She reached out and grabbed Jason’s hand and held it in her own.
Holy crap. I saw my brother in a whole new light then. I remember thinking; this guy’s a stud. It seemed that they really did have something going, even if it was just puppy love.
“That’s okay,” Jason replied, with stars in his eyes. They looked at each other for longer than what seemed comfortable.
Cory made a little coughing sound into his closed fist and Jason looked over to see the three of us smiling back at him. Before more embarrassment set in, Steve was quick to give Jason a signal with his eyes and a nod of his head. 
Jason looked in the direction he had indicated to find Mrs. Nelson standing behind him, a surprised look lit upon her face. He snatched his hand back just as she said, “Come Amber. Say goodbye to your friends,” in a surly tone.
Amber called back, “Bye Jason,” as her mother led her out of the pharmacy.
“By,” Jason said in a soft voice, not looking away until the door had fully closed.
When mother and daughter were out of earshot, Steve jumped up from the bench and said, “Alright, Sinfield. High-five, Romeo.” Jason rolled his eyes and slapped Steve’s hand. Cory and I erupted in a bout of giggle.
“Was that her?” Steve asked. “Was that the girl from your class? The one you like?”
Jason nodded.
“Alright, man, she’s a little cutie.”
Now Cory hopped up from his seat and made a comment of his own. “Hey, she’s not as cute as my girlfriend.”
Steve turned to face Cory and asked, “What? Who’s your girlfriend?”
Cory, finished with his candy bar, the wrapper crumpled in one hand, looked up at nothing and dreamily said, “Bernice,” and sighed.
“Oh, shut up,” Steve said and grabbed him in a head-lock, gave him a noogie. “Come on, you guys. I told my mom I’d help her get ready for the party tonight.”
“Yeah. We better see if mom needs us to do anything for her, too,” Jason said. “Come on Ricky.”
We headed back out of the pharmacy. Cory, still under Steve’s arm, yelled back, “I love you, Bernice,” just as the door swung shut.


TWENTY-NINE
By the time we made it back to our houses, we were just finishing the last of our sodas. On the walk home we had goofed on Jason about Amber being his girlfriend, but in all we were somewhat impressed by the fact that he even had one. We talked for a few minutes on the sidewalk in front of our house and then headed our separate ways, telling each other we’d hang out together later at the party.
Jason and I went inside to discover that our mom had prepared a small lunch of carrot sticks. This was just fine since the candy and sodas had pretty much killed most of our appetite. But we sat at the kitchen table and made quick work of the snack as mom put the finishing touches on her lasagna and slid it into the oven to cook. She was also putting together a wonderful looking strawberry pie, which pleased me just fine.
After our snack, we went outside to rake up the leaves and pink, puffy flowers from the mimosa tree in our front parkway. We hosed down the driveway and cleared all the muck from the gutters in the street. By clearing away the hillside for the last week we thought that our chores for the summer were done, but we didn’t mind helping out like this in order to get things ready for the party.
When we were finished, we went back in, got cleaned up and watched reruns of H.R. Puff n’ Stuff with our little sister Susan.
By six o’clock that evening, our excitement could be controlled no longer. We begged our parents to start setting up outside. They tried to tell us to just be patient, but finally gave in and said to start putting the folding table and lawn chairs out in the front yard and Jason and I had them set up in minutes.
Other neighbors were out as well, setting up food tables of their own. Some of the folks that lived up the street were bringing their things down toward our house. Since the cul-de-sac gave the most room for the party, it only made sense that everyone congregate at our end of the block.
All over the surrounding neighborhoods, faint pops and low booms could be heard from anxious firebugs, people who couldn’t wait a couple more hours for it to get dark and wanted the festivities to start early. By seven-thirty, Dad, Jason and I were helping mom bring out food and drinks. We had more carrot sticks and a bowl of coleslaw, pickles and olives, watermelon and cantaloupe, sodas and a bottle of wine for our father. And of course our mother’s lasagna and fresh strawberry pie sitting in the middle of the table.
People walked from house to house, grabbing a little of this or that to fill their plates with. Some stayed to chat with neighbors they knew and talked with daily. Others came and went, making friends with the people they had never gotten to know well before.
A saw horse sat two houses up from ours and another around the corner by Aspen. Both had flashing yellow lights in the middle that warned people not to enter. Across the street, the Stanards had moved their tables and chairs in front of the Smith’s house and were engaged in animated conversation with them while they all shoved food into their mouths. 
Next door to the Smith’s, the Maherrin’s sat on a blanket in their front yard with Kentucky Fried Chicken buckets scattered around them. Mark Payne, their renter, sat on a folding chair, sipping a Coors, talking with them.
Kitty and Oliver Pharris’ house was dark as a morgue at midnight. They rarely stopped to talk to any of the other folks on the block and no one really expected them to be out enjoying this holiday party.
Janeal Dayborne, who had decided to join the celebration after all, was putting the finishing touches on her table while Cory and his sister Christy ran around their yard playing a game of tag. Cory’s father, Guy, was already out in a limousine, chauffeuring people around that were better off than we were and were going to parties a little more extravagant than ours.
Next door to the Dayborne’s, Steve, Jackie and their mother sat around an old, beaten up table on old, beaten up folding chairs, eating the meal that they had prepared earlier that day. Jacob sat on the front step, by himself, smoking a cigarette.
We had set our things up on the sidewalk at the corner where there was the most room. A couple other families from up the street had joined us and were sharing food.
By quarter after eight, the sun had passed its halfway point on the horizon. Most people had stopped walking about and had found a place to sit at their house or with friends. Some rubbed their bellies from having eaten too much, while others swatted at the mosquitoes that pestered them. Most of the men sat with beers and some of the women with wine. Cory’s mom had come over and joined our dad in a glass of merlot. Mom wasn’t a drinker and sat with Susan on her lap, sharing a soda with her.
Cory and Christy had also come over with their mom, abandoning what remained of their food in their front yard and Jason, Cory, Christy and I headed across the street to hang out with Steve and Jackie, but only after Jacob had gone back inside.
At nine, a brick of firecrackers crackled to life, announcing the start of the fireworks show.


THIRTY
A whistling Pete screamed into the night and the six of us made our way to a spot on the curb in front of Cory’s house. In the middle of the cul-de-sac, Andrew Moore, our resident volunteer firefighter, stood watching the screeching, flaming inferno as its wail slowly faded and then died. He picked up the still smoldering tube and tossed it in a five-gallon bucket of water and then lit a fountain.
As the pyramid shaped fountain began to vomit up beautiful red and blue and green and white sparks, Andrew went back to the bucket and retrieved the now saturated whistling Pete and threw it in a trash can. That was his routine for the night: lighting fireworks, soaking them in water and throwing them away, keeping the crowd of neighbors entertained the whole time.
We sat shoulder to shoulder in a boy, boy, girl, boy, girl, boy formation and I was in the middle with Jackie on one side and Christy on the other. Off to our left, Mark Payne still sat with the Maherrin’s, watching the show. But for a moment he seemed to be watching us. I was the only one to notice him staring in our direction and decided to wave to him. When I did, he quickly looked away and took a long pull from his beer. He crushed the can in his hand and got up to get a fresh one from the foam cooler on the blanket. He never looked back at us after sitting back down and I remember feeling a little confused, like he might not have liked us after all. He seemed like a nice enough guy a few days earlier when we had met up with him after being chased out of Dead Grove by Ben. Thinking of that reminded me of how he had taken Steve’s BB gun and shot the beer can one-handed. So cool.
It also reminded me of being in Dead Grove, before Ben had snuck up on us, scaring us shitless. Steve had just been talking about the first newspaper article that he had read to us earlier and the girl that had been found dead by the railroad tracks. 
Amy Garret.
The shoelace.
Steve’s sister, Jackie, had been in girl scouts with Amy and had actually been a part of her life, even if only briefly. I looked at Jackie, sitting to my right, wondering if she had any clue that that little girl was now gone from this world. Jackie was smiling and clapping as Andrew lit more fireworks, showing no awareness of Amy’s passing.
Steve, and the police, had also suggested the possibility that another girl, Melissa Brown, had also been killed by the same person. Just that morning, he and Cory had come to our house with the newspaper. When he had read that article to us at the Tree, it confirmed the theory that indeed Melissa was dead and at the hands of the same killer.
And although this holiday was a happy occasion and a time for celebration, I suddenly felt sad just then. The two girls that had been murdered in our city of Corona had been our ages. I wondered how their parents must feel at that moment. Their most precious gifts in life ripped away from them, never to return.
Who was it that had come into our city and committed those heinous acts? Or was it someone who already lived there? Had they snapped and decided to take their frustrations out on the children in our community? As the fireworks popped and hissed and whistled, and as the people clapped and cheered and hooted, these questions went through my head.
I also began thinking about my sleep and the dreams I had been having.
The Dark Dreams.
What happened to me when I went to sleep at night? Was it normal for a kid my age to have dreams like those? It didn’t seem normal to me to be experiencing such night terrors. Not to mention the sleepwalking and the night I had woken up, paralyzed, seeing that dark form in the corner of my room. The black shadow with dreadlocks that had crept onto my bed, limbs snapping and popping as it moved, me petrified with fear. 
Andrew Moore, drenched more of the fireworks in his bucket and after tossing them into the trashcan, moved on to a pinwheel that he had nailed to the Smith’s Mimosa tree at their parkway. He lit it and it took off doing quick, crazy circles, spitting out sparks of different colors in a beautiful display, buzzing as it went round and round.
“Oh, that’s so pretty,” Jackie said to me or to all of us or maybe just to herself.
When I looked over at her, I saw an angel. She was so young and so cute. Her hair was dark, like her mothers, her skin, a creamy butter tan. The pinwheel reflected in her perfect brown eyes and I knew at that moment that I wanted to marry her, someday. I would have given anything to kiss her perfect lips at that moment, not caring who saw.
Instead, I grabbed her hand. She turned to me, a look of surprise on her face that slowly melted into a soft smile. She squeezed my hand back and then patted the top of it as if she was an older sister instead of a love interest and that was just fine. I could have sat there with her, hand in hand, forever.
Just then, Andrew lit a flower and threw it into the middle of the street where it spun and hopped and buzzed and when it finally slowed down and only a small tongue of flame licked out form the side, he yelled out to all of the children that had shown up to the party. 
“Alright, who wants a sparkler?”
The six of us and about twelve other kids from the neighborhood jumped up and ran to him, holding out hands, begging to be first to receive one of the metal sticks.
As it turned out every kid ended up with two sparklers instead of just the one we’d hoped for. Andrew held out a blue Bic lighter, and in turn, lit each child’s stick. Once they came to life in small golden explosions we began running around the cul-de-sac twirling and jumping and shaking our sparklers, having the grandest time of our lives.
Some kids made big looping circles with theirs as others wrote their names in mid-air. If you were quick enough to close your eyes after they did this, you could see the names of the children in a red after image on the back of your eyelids. 
JASON. STEVE. RUDY. CORY. BOBBY. CHRISTY. JIMMY. All lighting their names in the night. But the most beautiful name, the one that had burned itself into the back my eyelids and remains to this day was; JACKIE.
And as the adults talked on and drank beer, the children played in the street, running with sparklers. And Andrew saved the best of the fireworks for last.
Although it wasn’t a huge grand finale like you’d see at Disneyland or at an Angel’s game, it was still pretty neat. Earlier in the day he had connected fountains and whistling Petes and smoke bombs with store bought fuse. He tied them off at the end so when lit each one followed the other and he threw more buzzing flowers out in between each display. It lasted about three minutes and at the end the whole block party erupted in applause. Andrew Moore took his bows to the cheering crowd.
It was the best Fourth of July ever. None after would even compare to it. It wasn’t the firework show or the good food that we had gotten to enjoy that made it special. It wasn’t even that I had got to hold Jackie’s hand, although that was a plus. It was the fact that everyone actually came together that night and sat down as friends instead of just neighbors. That the grown-ups had been able to talk to one another and connect, instead of just being the guy from down the street that didn’t water his lawn. Or the lady that let her kids run around with no shirt and shoes on. Everyone was friends that night. 
Even the kids.
Instead of the older kids picking on the younger ones, they ran around with each other, twirling sparklers, laughing. It wouldn’t stay that way long but we had that night. And that was good enough.
Around eleven (a time when no child would have normally been out in the neighborhood), folks began cleaning up, the women covering the food with foil and plastic wrap, the men folding chairs and tables and picking up their beer cans that had been discarded on lawns. The kids helped Andrew Moore pick up the burnt out fireworks, dipping them first in water and then putting them in the trash can.
And once the street had been cleaned back up, people waved their good-byes to one another, shouted their ‘See ya tomorrows.’
And at the top of Cottonwood, red and white light exploded, flashing off and on all the way down to our end of the street. At first we thought maybe someone had lit off more fireworks, but as everyone turned we heard the siren of an ambulance.
And everyone looked on, silently. Then some started in the direction of the flashing vehicle. Jason, Steve, Cory and I walked to the end of our neighbor’s house before our father gave us a stern ‘Stay!’
The four of us froze and stared, wondering whose house the ambulance had stopped at and why it was even there.
From behind us we heard Mrs. Dayborne speak as if the wind had been knocked from her. “Oh, God, they’ve stopped at the Miller’s.”
And as the parents finished rounding up their children and herded them into their homes, a small body that looked like a tiny, old man was set on a stretcher and put into the back of the ambulance.


THIRTY-ONE
Saturday morning, just before the sun came up, I lay in bed, eyes wide, trembling. Staring at the ceiling as gloomy gray light filtered in through the blinds, I thought of the nightmare I had just had.
In this one, a twisted version of the Dark Dream, everything around me was black once again. I was looking for something. Some sort of salvation, maybe, from the inkiness that enveloped me. I moved about, blind, searching.
Along the way I heard screaming voices. Some were creepy and high-pitched. Some were low and guttural. All were dreadful and frightening.
Get the hell out of here! One screamed as if to protect something that it didn’t want encroached upon. I cringed at the aggressiveness in the voice and scurried on faster, sightless, trying to leave it far behind.
And although I couldn’t see, I knew there must be something out in the black void that could help me. Something I could embrace and use against this Dark Dream.
And so I searched.
Off to my right, another voice boomed. 
What are you doing in here? 
The sound reverberated throughout my body like a bass drum. 
In here? 
Just what was I doing in here? I knew that I had been here before, but why did I keep coming back? Why did I keep returning to this place, this empty abyss?
To find something, I was sure. I could feel it, something that couldn’t speak to me directly but called out to me nonetheless. 
So I carried on, determined to find what it was that beckoned me. 
Lost.
A younger voice yelled out from below me this time. Not a child’s voice, but still one that had not vocally matured. 
You’re gonna fuckin’ die!
I jumped this time, thinking that the owner of the angry voice would grab me by the legs and pull me down into whatever hell it dwelt but nothing reached out to me and I couldn’t actually feel a presence connected to the voice. I ran on nonetheless.
By this time I was crying. I didn’t know where I was and I didn’t know where I was going. All I did know was that I was lost and scared and being yelled at by strange, furious voices. I also knew that something out in the darkness waited for me, something good that wanted to be found, something that wanted to help.
In the original Dark Dream, I was always surrounded by an absence of light. I could feel giant bubbles surrounding me and every time one of them popped, a yell or a scream or a cry would penetrate the silence. But in this version of the dream, there were no bubbles and I was hearing actual words, sentences; shouting questions and accusations.
Frightened of these, still, I journeyed on.
I think by this point I had come to realize that it was a dream. The Dream. I would have given anything to have awoken and been back in the safety of my room. But I couldn’t escape it. It was as if something wouldn’t let me leave this torment.
I searched.
A voice from above said, The fuck’s going on in here?
Then another followed from off to the left. Leave ‘im alone!
I still shuddered at each one, but by this time I was expecting the voices, as if I were watching a scary movie and I knew the person walking through the woods at night-violin music playing-was about to be pounced upon by the murderer. I knew something was coming, but when it happened I jumped all the same. 
Whishing for an end to the nightmare, hoping one would come, knowing it wouldn’t soon enough, I decided to yell back. It was the defense mechanism in me, kicking on; a feeling that if I couldn’t get away, I could at least fight back.
I tried, but it came out more of a shaky whisper than a yell. 
I want out. Leave me alone. Help…me…please.
As soon as I spoke, another deep baritone voice boomed back. What the hell’s going on here?
At the sound of it, I began to run again. My fight or flight switch had turned back to flight and I ran and cried. I cried harder than I had ever cried in my waking life. I ran for miles. I ran for hours. I may have gone only a few feet. I had no idea. No concept of time or distance. I was alone, scared and lost.
Then a small flash of light, no bigger than a corn kernel, exploded and then refracted in an instant. It had come from somewhere up ahead in the darkness.
Or had it?
Understanding somewhat that this was a nightmare, I couldn’t tell what the light was or if it had even happened in the first place. Maybe I had made it happen myself. Maybe my own mind was trying to create a light source for me.
Either way, I headed for it. It was some sort of light and I needed it to break free from the darkness. It might even be a way out of this hell.
As I started toward it, another small starburst appeared followed by the most beautiful sound: a bark.
And right then I knew that that’s what I was searching for. Whatever had made that sound was my savior.
I searched.
I walked on, faster now, in the direction of the sound. I heard another voice along the way. What the hell do you think you’re doing? Although this voice sounded just as angry as the others, it didn’t scare me as much. I knew help was up ahead. Not far from where I was. 
In the distance, a friend waited, I knew.
The next flash of light came from off to my left, bigger this time, about the size of a quarter. It seemed that I had miscalculated my direction in the darkness. Or the light wasn’t coming from one spot but several. Either way, I headed for the new flash.
There were no more voices from that point on, but as I traveled, what seemed like every few minutes, a new light would explode and fade. Sometimes the light would be crystal white and other times it appeared to be blue or red or green. At times there was more than one explosion at once.
I was close enough now that the flashes of light were bigger than dinner plates. And to my surprise, I discovered that each burst was not a singular flash like a camera bulb, but made up of hundreds of smaller lights, exploding in unison, like a skyrocket or a mortar round.
As I neared closer still, each eruption gave off a popping sound. Faint at first and louder the closer I got.
Flash. Pop.
Running on. I hadn’t heard the barking sound again but I was anxious to find its source. I new something wonderful had made that noise, something great, something that wanted to be my friend. 
Flash. Pop.
When the next explosion happened, it was huge and lit up the darkness all around. Briefly. But for that one fraction of a second, I saw a figure come from out of the light. A dark shadow of a shape with outstretched arms.
I stopped.
Hello, there, I yelled. I’m lost. I need help.
Nothing.
Only darkness.
Please. Anybody, I cried. I was going to call out once more, but…
Flash. Boom.
This time the light was blinding, the sound deafening. I was close now. Very close. As if the explosions were some thirty feet away. In the light I caught a quick glimpse of two silhouettes this time, one coming out of the new flash and one where the flash before it had been: two small forms with outstretched arms and then I was plunged back into darkness.
What where they?
Where they little men?
Strange small creatures?
I couldn’t be certain of anything but I called to them, hoping for some answer. 
Who’s there? What do you want? I’m lost. Can you help me?
Flash. Boom. Flash. Boom.
Two more explosions and two more figures appeared as the space was lit up around me.
They didn’t answer my questions and I didn’t ask again.
Somewhere up ahead of me, in the darkness, four beings stood, four things with outstretched arms, staring in my direction.
Bark.
The sound came again; the beautiful barking sound. It came from just past where the figures stood. As if I’d have to get through them in order to find this new friend.
Flash. Boom.
Another figure appeared out of a starburst as if being born from it or borne upon it.
Then the barking became rapid, seven or eight yaps in a row. It was as if whatever was making the noise was trying to send me an urgent message.
Come now. Come now while there’s still time.
But I couldn’t move. I didn’t want to go through those dark menacing figures. I was terrified.
Flash. Boom.
Another silhouette.
Flash. Boom.
And another.
The explosions were happening faster now. Every second, another flash of light and another thunderous boom and another dark figure.
There were hundreds, now. 
Then thousands.
It seemed as if it would never end. I stood rooted in place, watching each new explosion become a small humanoid form. It was like some terrible grand finale to a macabre firework show.
And just when I thought I’d lose it, like I was going to go absolutely crazy, it stopped. 
And the darkness rolled back in, thick as a blanket.
I strained my eyes to see but it was all infinitely black. I strained to hear but the silence was immense. I prayed for that barking sound to come to me again. Just to hear it one more time, to put me at ease.
Nothing.
I was about to call out again to locate my unfound friend when all of a sudden…
FISSSSSSSSS.
…a strange light, red as blood, shot straight up into the abyss. I watched its ascent as it went higher and higher, a long smoky tail trailing behind.
Here, the barking started back up, loud and continuous, as if warning me again. Or, maybe, whatever was barking was just as terrified as I was.
Up, up, up the light went.
Bark, bark, bark.
And just as I thought the light would never stop streaking upward, it too exploded. But the sound was far off, just a small crackle.
The light from the eruption was bright and powerful. It began to float slowly back down like a distress flare.
The barking had stopped.
The light came down, down, down. And the closer the light came back to its starting point, the more everything around me became illuminated.
Thank God, I thought, light. Now I can find what it was I was looking for. Now I can-
But as the light fell back down, it began to reveal what it was that had been coming out of those starburst explosions.
And they were everywhere.
In that nightmare, I began to cry again. I sobbed uncontrollably, screamed.
Now I really did want out more than anything. If I was terrified before, it was nothing compared to this. I was pissing-my-pants scared shitless, now.
As the light fell further, it revealed more of the landscape before me. The figures stood and stared with open arms as if ready to embrace me.
There were dead children everywhere, standing, like statues.
They looked as if they’d been in car accidents and thrown down stairs, abused. They looked like someone had been at them with glass and fire. Their clothes were ruined, their skin split and dripping, bones broken. They all had the same Oscar the Grouch faces, eyeless, the fur black as if scorched. The front two teeth in each mouth were missing. Around their necks, they wore identical shoelaces, pulled taught, so the skin bulged. Their chests heaved as if they couldn’t get enough air down their windpipes. And they stared, ready to take me down.
The light fell more and I realized I was standing in an endless field of grass, yellow with death. The children stood in formation a thousand feet deep and thousand feet long.
I could barely see over their heads to the open field behind them. A small shape moved about, hopping in the grass. It no longer gave off the urgent barking sound, only whined as if to say, ‘See you later alligator. I’m outta here.’ It turned in a circle, danced and bounded off into the vast field, away from the army of corpse children.
I felt terribly sad at the sight of it leaving. It had abandoned me with these ghoulish dead kids and the fading light.
The light that was getting closer and closer to the ground.
The children stood, panting, arms splayed.
The light continued it’s decent, now twenty feet above the field.
Now ten.
The dead children began to stir. Arms and fingers moved with popping and clicking sounds.
Five feet.
One child took a step forward, then another. I began to cry harder, knowing what was coming.
The light fell. Three feet, two, one.
Darkness.
Then, I felt the earth beneath me begin to shudder. It began to rumble, the stampede approaching.
Moaning. Laughter. Crying.
I was run down and trampled by hundreds of legs. Dead hands began to grab at me. Feet began to stomp on me. I felt the burnt, gooey fur of their faces against my skin. As they bit and scratched and screamed, I somehow knew they were doing this because they were jealous that I was alive and they were not. And in the nightmare, as I slowly began to die…
…I woke…in my bed…and stared at the ceiling.


THIRTY-TWO
When I had finally gotten out of bed that morning, I went straight to the kitchen where I found my mom cooking breakfast. I took my place at the table and within minutes, she put a plate of crisp bacon, fried eggs and buttered toast in front of me. After she had gone to the cupboard to get a glass, she poured some milk into it and came back to sit next to me while I ate. She was silent for a while, watching me as I nibbled a strip of bacon. 
I felt exhausted.
She combed the hair back from my forehead with her hand and asked me if everything was alright?
I stared at my plate for a bit, fork poised in one hand, ready to stab the food in front of me, a half-eaten strip of fried meat in the other. Gingerly, I nodded.
She gently grabbed my chin with the palm of her hand and turned my head to look at her. “Your eyes are puffy,” she said, looking deeply into them. “How did you sleep last night?”
I looked back at her, not sure of what to say. Of course I hadn’t slept well at all the night before. I hadn’t had a decent nights sleep in weeks and I didn’t know how to tell her. I didn’t know if I even wanted to tell her. I never liked worrying my mom so I just shrugged it off.
She let go of my chin and rested her head on her fist and I went back to staring at my food.
“Did we keep you up too late last night?”
After the block party and firework show the night before, our family had gone inside and dad had let us stay up and watch the late show with him while mom washed the dishes we’d used for the party.
I shook my head in response to her question. It was a treat to get to stay up that late and I knew she wouldn’t give me that opportunity again if I told her that I was exhausted from lack of sleep.
I poked at one of the eggs with my fork, sending a flood of yolk into my toast like yellow blood. It reminded me of the Oscar the Grouch children from my nightmare and the bloody, runny goop that dripped form their wounds and the thought killed what little appetite I had left.
“Ricky?” Mom said, in a soothing voice. The kind only mothers know. “Look at me.”
It took me a second but I laid down my fork and turned to her once again. The exhaustion was hitting me hard now and I felt my eyelids getting heavy.
“Did you have a bad dream last night?”
Last night. The night before. The night before that. What could I tell her?
Once again I shrugged. Should I tell? Would it help? Talking sometimes made things better but could I find a way to explain everything to her?
“When I woke up this morning,” she said, “I heard a noise coming from your room. I went in to check on you guys and what I saw startled me.”
She looked concerned, now. Her eyebrows were raised; thin worry lines creased her forehead. She stopped for a moment; maybe waiting for me to explain what it was that had startled her. But I only knew what had happened on the inside of my dream, not on the outside.
After a moment she continued. “At first, when I saw you, you looked as if you were having a bad dream. You looked as if something was after you. You didn’t necessarily look scared, but you kept turning your head back and forth slowly like you were listening for something. I was about to turn and walk out but then you gave this tremendous gasp and held your breath like something had spooked you. When you didn’t start breathing again right away, I was going to wake you. But just as I was about to touch your shoulder you let all you air back out. You started saying, ‘No, no, no, no,’ over and over. Then I noticed you’d been crying. I could see were your tears had run down the side of your face and wet your pillow.
“And then I knew I should wake you up. But once I touched your shoulder, you smiled and opened your eyes and said, ‘It’s going to be okay.’ Do you remember saying that?”
I shook my head. My eyes where slits. My heart was racing. I didn’t remember any of it. Mom wouldn’t ever make something like that up though. There was no reason for her to. Still, how could I have said that to her and yet have no recollection of it? What did it even mean? What was going to be okay?
Everything from that dream ran through my head like a movie in fast motion. Nothing about it seemed okay. In fact it seemed quite disturbing.
My mother, Juanita Sinfield, sat there with love in her eyes, wondering what her little boy had gone through in his sleep. “Do you want to tell me about it?” she asked.
I sat for a minute, silent. I finally let my eyes close all the way, took a deep breath and let it out with a sigh. Then I spoke my first word to her since I’d sat down at the table. 
“Voices.”
Getting up off the chair, eyes still closed, I raised my arms and let my mom lift me into her lap where she cradled me against her breast. She smelled of Oil of Olay and peppermint toothpaste, soft and warm.
I began by telling her about the dream I had had the night before. About the voices that yelled at me. About the children, dead and battered, that wanted to rip me to shreds. I didn’t tell her about the Oscar the Grouch faces or the barking. I did tell her about the other Dark Dreams that I had been having but not of the dark figure that I had seen in my room a few nights earlier. I didn’t want her to think that I was losing my marbles, seeing things that weren’t there. I told her about the bubbles that popped and screamed at me. She only sat listening as I relayed my nightmares to her. 
The next thing I knew I was waking up on our couch in the living room sometime around noon, later that same day.
My brain felt fully recharged, like I had just gotten the best sleep in a long time.
And I had.
I guess talking to her did help after all. Moms are good for stuff like that.


THIRTY-THREE
After I had cleaned up and changed into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, I went out front and found Steve, Jason and Cory playing a game of 500 in the middle of the cul-de-sac.
In this game a batter hits a tennis ball to the players that stand about fifty feet back from him. The players then scramble in the direction of the hit ball. If a player can catch it before it bounces off the ground, he earns one hundred points. If the ball bounces once before he catches it, he gets seventy-five points. Twice, fifty. Three times, twenty-five. If the ball bounces four times or more it’s a dead ball. The first player to get to five hundred gets to be the batter.
Steve tossed the ball up in front of him and smacked it high into the air with his wooden Louisville Slugger. Jason’s and Cory’s heads immediately snapped upward to follow the arc of the ball and they both took a few steps backward. The sun was high in the sky and they used their gloves to shield their eyes. The ball soared back toward earth like a missile over the boys’ heads. At the last minute, Cory shot an arm out and pushed Jason’s shoulder, sending him reeling a few feet. He then lifted his glove up to make the catch, but the ball hit off the tip and bounced next to Jason who stole the play back.
“Seventy-five points,” Jason exclaimed. He turned to Cory and pointed a finger at him. “That’s what you get, cheater.” He threw the ball back to Steve as Cory threw his glove on the ground and cursed.
Steve caught the ball with his left hand and said, “Nice play, Sinfield. Hey, Dayborne. Try putting some glue in that mitt.”
“Just hit the ball,” Cory shouted back as he picked up his glove.
Just as I reached the sidewalk and the shade of the tree in the parkway, Steve looked over and said, “Hey, there’s your brother. You guys want to go now?”
The other two looked over and Cory said, “Come on, man. I’ve got four twenty-five. I just need one good catch to get my ups.”
“Hey, Sinfield over there’s been giving you half the plays so you won’t feel so bad,” Steve chuckled. “It’s getting too hot for this anyway.”
“Alright. Alright,” Cory said. “One more hit. The guy that gets it wins the game. Okay?”
With the ball in one hand and the bat in the other, Steve looked at Jason and asked, “What do you think? One more?”
Jason smiled back at him and said, “All right. One more.” Then he turned to Cory and added, “But no more cheating.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Cory mumbled.
“Okay. Here it comes,” Steve shouted as he lobbed the ball into the air, cocked back and swung with all his might.
The bat connected with the ball and sent it soaring once more high into the warm sky. It was a fantastic hit, far over both of their heads.
“Oh, shit,” Cory hollered.
“Better run,” Jason said and then took two quick steps back which made Cory turn around and start running as fast as he could.
Steve must have been holding back in his earlier hits because this one was gone.
“Here I come,” Jason yelled, stomping his feet in place in the middle of the street. This made Cory pick his head up and run faster. “I’m gonna get it.” Jason turned around laughing and looked at Steve who was laughing himself.
The ball came down two houses up form ours and about twenty feet ahead of Cory, who was still putting on the steam. It bounced twice before he realized he wouldn’t be able to grab it and still get points, so he threw his glove at it instead. The glove missed and the ball kept going until its momentum gave up six houses away where it rolled and came to rest in the gutter.
Steve and Jason jogged over to where I stood underneath the tree and gave each other a high-five.
“That’ll teach him for cheating,” Steve said. “Hey, Ricky, finally decide to get up?”
“Yeah,” Jason said. “How come you slept so late today? I saw you on the couch when I got up.”
I shook my head as they stared at me, waiting for an explanation. “I just had a nightmare last night is all.”
Jason squinted his eyes and asked, “The bubbles again?”
I nodded, hoping I wouldn’t have to go into detail about the Dark Dream or the new one I’d had last night.
“Bubbles?” Steve said. “What bubbles?”
Again, I was waited on to answer. But when I didn’t, Jason told him for me.
“Just some nightmare he had a few nights ago; bubbles popping and screaming. Right, Ricky?”
“Right,” I said and hoped they’d drop it.
We all looked up the street to where Cory was. He had picked up the ball and was bouncing it on his way back to pick up his glove. He was sweating and breathing hard from his run.
“Hey. Steve thought of something for us to do today,” Jason said to me.
“Yeah, but we wanted to wait for you to come with us,” Steve added.
“What is it?” I asked.
“We’re gonna…” Steve started.
“We wanted to…” Jason said at the same time.
The two looked at each other and Steve said, “Go ahead.”
“No,” Jason stammered. “It was your idea. You tell him.”
“Well one of you tell me,” I demanded.
“All right,” Steve continued, resting the Louisville on his shoulder. “I thought maybe we would go up to the Tree today and sort of fix it up.”
They both stared at me as if this was the coolest thing in the world.
I looked back, confused and said, “I don’t get it. What do you mean?”
“Well,” Steve went on, “you know how there’s a bunch of trash and beer cans and stuff from who ever has been hanging out there before us? I figure we could grab some trash bags and some rakes and stuff and go clean the place up. Make it look nicer, cleaner.”
It did actually sound like a pretty good idea. The Tree was a little trashed with all the crap that teenagers had left up there after their parties.
“Okay,” I said. “When are we going?”
Just then Cory came walking up and joined the group after having retrieved the ball Steve had hit. 
“You guys are dicks,” he said.
Steve and Jason exchanged a smile and Steve said to Cory, “Let’s get going up to the Tree like we talked about earlier.” Then to the rest of us, “Okay, go put your gloves away and grab a rake and a couple of trash bags. We’ll meet back her in ten minutes.”
With that he turned and headed for his house. When he was half way across the street he turned around and said, “And bring a lunch with you guys. Well eat up there, too. Like a picnic when we’re done.”
Cory headed for his house and Jason and I went back into ours. We told our mom what our plans were for the day and asked her to make us lunches to take with us. Then we filled a couple of canteens with water from the bathroom sink.
Before we headed out the door, mom made it clear once again that we were not to talk to strangers. We told her that we wouldn’t and headed out to the garage to get the supplies. Jason grabbed the yellow rake that stood in the corner along with the rest of the gardening tools. I grabbed three black trash bags and shoved them down into the pockets of my shorts, making them bulge.
Steve and Cory made it back out front before we did and each waited with a canteen of their own and brown paper bags with their lunches in them. Steve had a shovel over one shoulder the same way he’d held his bat earlier. Cory had a small green rake.
“We got everything?” Steve asked.
We nodded and headed up Cottonwood, talking and laughing about kid things the whole way.
It was just around one o’clock by this time and the day had become hot again. Within the next few hours the temperature would reach the triple digits. The sun in the sky seemed pissed off and had decided to take its wrath out on us. A few clouds had blown in form the coast and hung in the air like wet cotton and the wind blew its hot breeze at us as if in cahoots with the sun.
We passed by Mr. Gagner’s house and by Dead Grove and crossed Magnolia, diagonally, before we reached the abandoned house on the corner. Cars puttered up and down Fullerton as we crossed through the field on our way to the Tree.
When we arrived we were sticky with sweat and we all took long, cool drinks from our canteens before we started our work. The shade form inside the canopy was delicious, cooler than the outside world.
“Jason,” Steve said, recapping his canteen. “Yesterday you said there was something in that article I read that reminded you of something. Remember you said you had déjà vu when I read it. Did you figure out what it was?”
I looked down at the base of the tree where Steve had left the section of newspaper the day before. It was gone now, most likely carried off on the breeze.
Cory cut in and said, “Man, are you going to start in on this again, detective? What do you keep talking about those dead girls for?”
Steve shot him a warning glance. “Shut up, Dayborne! Nobody asked you a damn thing. This is an A and B conversation. See your way out of it. I don’t want any of your lip today. Got it?”
Cory looked away, hurt, probably remembering what Steve had said to him the day before at this very spot just before Steve had exploded.
“Sorry,” Cory said.
Steve blinked once and nodded. “Cool.” He then turned back to Jason who was swishing water around in his mouth. “Did you remember anything, Jay?”
Jason shook his head and spit water onto the carpet of dead leaves at his feet. “Huh uh. It was bugging me all day yesterday but I couldn’t figure out why. There was something there though. I know it.”
“Keep thinking. It’ll come,” Steve assured him.
We all sat in silence for a few minutes, taking little sips of water, catching our breaths from our walk, listening to the sounds around us. Birds chirped in the giant pepper tree that provided us with shade and doubled as our fort. The breeze stirred the leaves of the Tree and that of the other two that stood in the field to the south. The June bugs buzzed and circled and landed in the branches high above. A horn beeped from a car driving down Magnolia or Fullerton.
When he felt we had rested long enough, Steve said, “Alright, boys. Let’s do it. Jason, Cory, you guys start raking up all the leaves and any other junk that’s lying around on the ground. Me and Ricky will start picking up the bigger stuff like the boxes and old branches.”
So for the next couple of hours we set about our assigned tasks. Steve and I moved all of the bigger loose debris out and dragged it to one of the other pepper trees some hundred feet off. The old mattress was the worst. It took some muscle but we finally managed to move it from its spot where it had laid for God knows how long. When we first picked it up about a dozen lizards shot out in each direction, making me squeal like a girl. After getting myself together we took it out and gave it a new home in the middle of the field.
The cardboard boxes were full of spider webs and dead bugs. I let Steve take care of those while I grabbed old branches and moved them out. It took the four of us to move a thick, eight-foot limb and we placed it down on the mattress as if putting it to bed.
Steve produced a pair of trimming shears from his back pocket and cut away small runners and thin branches, giving us more room inside.
When Jason and Cory were done raking, we had just enough room in the three plastic bags to fit the last of the mess. Steve used his shovel like a dust pan to scoop up the remaining leaves and rocks and poured them in as well.
After taking the bags over to one of the other trees, we came back and surveyed our new and improved, cleaned up fort.
It looked great.
A person could probably have lived in it if they chose to.
We set our tools just outside the opening in the canopy that we used as the entrance, grabbed our sack lunches and sat down to enjoy our food. Steve and I sat on two plastic crates we had saved for seats and Jason and Cory perched themselves on the low branch that jutted out from the trunk.
“Good work, guys,” Steve commended. His shirt was wet at the armpits, his bandana damp with perspiration. He took both off and draped them on the branch next to Jason, that awful scar stood out on his forehead like a pink speed bump.
I dug into my sack and found that mom had packed a bologna and cheese sandwich and an apple. Jason got the same. I looked up to see Cory shoving the last of one of the two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches he had brought with him into his mouth. Steve was working on a ham and tomato, dry.
In between bites, Jason looked to Steve and asked, “Hey. Show Ricky what you found earlier?”
I took a pull on my canteen and looked over at him.
From his front pocket, he produced a pink tube that was about the size of a pack of Lifesavers and held it in the palm of his hand for me to see.
 “What is it?” I asked, puzzled.
He swallowed what he had in his mouth and said, “It’s a flower.”
Now I was really confused. I looked at Jason and Cory for help but they just smiled around mouthfuls of food. I turned back to the older boy and asked, “I’ve never seen a flower like that before. What kind is it?”
“The kind you light and throw on the ground,” he answered. He then used his index finger to make a twirling motion and made a buzzing sound with his lips.
Then I understood. It was a firework. Andrew Moore had been lighting them off the night before for the whole neighborhood. But I thought they had cleaned up all the fireworks after the show.
“Cool. Where did you get it?” I asked.
After washing down the last of his sandwich with water, he said, “Found it in the Pharris’s front yard. I think Mr. Moore must have lost it last night because it hasn’t been used.”
“Are you gonna light it?” I asked him.
He shook his head as he took some crackers out of his sack and ate one. “Not here. Burn the whole field down.”
Taking another bite I said, “When you gonna set it off?” as bologna shrapnel flew from my mouth.
Off in the distance, a dog barked. The sound sent shivers down my spine and I almost missed what Steve said.
“I’m going to save it for a special occasion,” he told me. “When the time’s right, I’ll let you all know.”
Cory, eating a banana, said, “You better not light it off without us.”
Steve looked at him for a second and then jerked his canteen toward him, sloshing some of the cool liquid at him.
“Hey,” Cory yelled, pulling his legs up but not before some of the water hit his Keds.
The four of us were silent for a second before erupting into laughter.
“Don’t worry, Dayborne,” Steve chuckled, “we’ll all be together when I light it. I promise. In fact, I might just shove it up your caboose when I do it.” This drew more giggles from all of us.
Steve stuck the last couple crackers into his mouth and wadded up his paper sack. Just as he looked down to brush crumbs off his lap a blast of water smacked him in the face.
He froze, stunned.
He wiped the water from his face and turned his attention back to Cory, who was still as a statue, eyes wide. Cory’s canteen hung on a nub of branch two feet away. Jason, though, sat smiling, canteen in hand, water dripping from it.
Steve jumped up and shouted, “You’re a dead man, Sinfield!”
Jason jumped down from the branch letting go of his paper bag and apple, but not his canteen. As soon as he hit the ground he sprung back up and let Steve have it again, soaking his bare chest.
“You’re really gonna get it, now,” Steve bellowed.
Jason dodged left and ran around the trunk of the massive tree. Steve stayed on the opposite side. Whatever way Jason came around, that’s where Steve would head. Cory and I looked at each other with stupid grins on our faces then went back to watching the fiasco.
“Come on, Sinfield. Come out. I won’t hurt you,” Steve promised, “much.”
Jason stuck his head around one side and Steve splashed water in his direction, missing him completely as he pulled his head back into hiding. Steve began to creep slowly around to the left and once Jason saw his tactic, started moving around the other side.
“Come on, Sinfield. Just come over here and talk to me for a second.”
“No way, Hanel,” Jason answered, a laugh escaping him.
Slowly moving around the trunk, Steve shot his head from side to side to keep track of his adversary. Jason edged away form Steve, keeping himself at his opposite.
The two had both gone one hundred and eighty degrees in a slow paced cat and mouse hunt. Once Jason had gotten to the place were Steve had started out he had to duck down to avoid the thick branch that Cory was sitting on, finishing the rest of his PB&J.
Once underneath, Jason stopped in a crouched position, waiting for Steve to strike. Instead, he got a hair full of water from Cory’s canteen above.
“Traitor,” Jason squealed and moved out from under Cory’s line of fire. 
Steve moved into position, grabbing Jason in a headlock and dumped the rest of his canteen in his curly blond hair.
“Gotcha,” Steve exclaimed and then moved away laughing his ass off.
Jason, soaked from head to toe, looked up at Cory who was smiling back down at him. “What are you laughing about,” he said, then grabbed him by the ankle and pulled him off the branch. He landed on his hands and knees and Jason splashed him back.
Soon they were running back and forth tossing water from their canteens at each other, giggling and having a time. Steve, out of water, was doing his best to avoid the other two.
And just when I thought they’d overlooked me and left me out of their water fight, Jason, my own brother, pointed at me and yelled, “Get him.”
“Crap,” I yelped.
Steve came over and grabbed me around my torso, pinning my arms to my sides. Cory and Jason stood casually about and upturned their canisters, soaking me with the last of their water.
I struggled to get free, thrashing my head and kicking my legs, laughing and screaming.
Closer now, the sound of a dog barking floated through the field and into our fort; two quick yaps.
And although the water was cool on my skin, it was the barking that gave me goose bumps.
Because I had heard that sound recently.
I instantly stopped laughing and said, “Hey. Hey, guys. Hold on. Hold on.” Of course they didn’t until the last of the water had been poured over my head. When they were done drenching me, I shouted, “Knock it off, guys! Listen.”
Finally, Cory said, “What? I don’t hear nothin’.”
But after a few seconds it came again; two more high pitched yaps.
“That,” I said and jumped off the crate I had been sitting on. I walked to the opening in the canopy, waiting to hear it again, wanting to know that I wasn’t just imagining the sound. Because it was the same exact bark that I had heard in my nightmare the night before, I was sure of it.
The others walked over to me and flanked my sides. “Did you hear it that time?” I asked. “Did you hear that dog?”
Steve looked at me, perplexed, and said, “Yeah. I heard it. What about it?”
They wouldn’t understand if I told them about the nightmare. Hell, I didn’t really understand it myself. But they would think I was nuts if I told them that I had dreamt of that very sound less than eight hours earlier. 
“He’s out there,” I whispered, pointing to the field that surrounded us. “The dog. He’s out there.”
There was a moment of silence and then Steve stuck two fingers into his mouth and blew an ear shattering whistle that could have reached back to our houses a half mile away.
Seventy yards to the east, a small brown and white head popped up form the tall, yellow grass and looked in our direction. With ears pricked straight up, it barked again.
Seeing the dog, my heart sped up with excitement.
“You’re right, Ricky,” Jason said. “There is a dog.”
Steve whistled once again and yelled, “Here, boy.”
The dog immediately started running in our direction, leaping through the field like a rabbit as it avoided the debris scattered around.
We all started in, now, each of us calling to the dog.
Cory: “Her, boy. Come on.”
Jason: “Good dog. Good dog.”
Steve: “Come on fella. That a boy.”
Me: “Alright. Come here. Come here.”
The dog stopped running and bounding as it neared us and slowed down to a trot as it got within ten yards. When it got about seven feet away, it stopped and sat down. It gave one great bark as if to say, ‘I’m here’ and Steve, Jason, Cory and I, smiling, looked down on the most beautiful dog any of us had ever seen in our lives.


THIRTY-FOUR
Cory was the first to approach, moving slowly, hand held out, offering it up to the dog. “That a boy,” he cooed. “Good dog. We won’t hurt ya.”
The dog didn’t look the least bit intimidated by any of us. It sat back on its haunches, panting and let Cory get closer. And when he finally did get close enough, it stood up on all fours, smelled the palm of his hand and licked it once.
Cory stroked the fur on the top of its head and then down the length of its back. He looked over at us and said, “It’s okay. I think he likes us.”
The three of us let out a breath that we hadn’t known we’d been holding since Cory had first approached the dog. We moved in and joined him, taking turns petting the wonderful creature. The dog, in turn, licked each one of our hands as if to confirm that we were all well met.
“Is it a boy or a girl?” Jason asked.
Steve moved around to the back side of the dog, lifted his tail and said, “He’s a boy.”
Not knowing how he could have come up with this conclusion, I asked, “How can you tell?”
“Because,” Steve said, with a smile, “he’s got a set of furry balls hangin’ between his legs.”
“Yeah, and they’re probably bigger than yours,” Cory added.
“Shut up,” I said, embarrassed.
The dog stood about twenty-four inches at the shoulders, was tan with a white belly and white paws. His tongue was long and pink except for a spot of dark blue, the size of a child’s thumbprint, at the tip. But the most remarkable features about him were his eyes. They were the color of coffee with a dollop of cream added; pale, milky brown with flecks of gold about the irises. Looking deep into those eyes you might believe he could see things that no one else could.
“Think he belongs to anyone?” Jason asked.
Steve moved back around to the front of the dog, scratched him around his furry neck and said, “No collar or tags. If he does belong to someone, there’s no way to find out who.” He then tilted his head and gave the rest of us a curious smile. “I say he’s ours. Finders keepers.”
We all looked at each other and grinned. None of us had ever had a dog of our own before. He was a fine animal and he seemed to like us okay. He appeared to be friendly enough, although we’d have to convince one of our parents to let us keep him. Our dad probably wouldn’t go for it since he was allergic to dog and cat dander, but we thought Steve or Cory could talk one of their folks in to it.
Then a thought occurred to me. What if the dog didn’t want to stay with us? What if he was just passing through on his journey? In the few minutes of his discovery, I myself had already fallen in love with him and I think the other guys had too.
But what if it wasn’t meant to be? I had dreamt of this dog’s beautiful voice mere hours earlier. Hadn’t I? Somehow, I felt a connection to this magnificent beast. If he left, I knew, somehow, our lives would change and not for the better. I felt that he had to stay, was meant to.
Steve squatted down in front of the dog and said, “What do you say, boy? You want to be our dog?”
Everything in the field went silent as the two stared at each other. The birds stopped chirping and the June bugs stopped their incessant buzzing up in the tree. It seemed as though the wind had even held its warm breath in anticipation of the dogs answer.
The staring went on for what seemed like hours as I hoped in my heart, as I’m sure the others did too, that our new friend would want to stay with us.
You may not think that an animal could understand a human being, but by the look in the dogs steely eyes we could tell he was thinking, maybe processing the emotion of the question rather than the question itself.
Finally, when I thought I couldn’t take the suspense any longer he gave out an enormous bark and put his paws up in Steve’s lap, licked his face.
Yes!
Right there, he was ours. And we were his; a new friend to spend our days with. I knew we could take good care of him. And for some unknown reason knew he was going to take care of us as well.
I got close and gave him a hug. The other boys began to hoot and holler about our new pal.
He licked my face and I petted his back. My heart was filled with a joy I hadn’t known existed, a feeling of things starting new. As he continued licking, I noticed how dry and rough his tongue felt on my face. I looked him in his unusual eyes and knew that he had gone a long distance to get here.
“He’s thirsty,” I said.
Jason bent down, scratching under his chin. “Want some water, boy? Huh? You thirsty?”
“Crap,” Steve said. “We dumped all our water on each other. We got nothing left for him.”
“There’s still some in mine,” I told him.
“You sure?”
“Yeah. I only drank about half. There’s plenty,” I said as I got up to go back inside the cover of the Tree. When I got to the opening in the canopy I turned around and called the dog. “Come on, boy.”
He immediately got up and trotted in after me.
“Damn. What a bitchin’ dog,” Steve exclaimed as they followed in too.
As I grabbed my canteen it occurred to me that we didn’t have anything to hold the water in for him to drink out of.
“We don’t got nothin’ to put the water in,” I said, exasperated.
“Have anything,” Jason corrected.
“What?”
“Have anything,” he repeated, rolling his eyes. “We don’t have anything to put the water in.” He sounded more like our mother than himself at that moment.
“Whatever. We need to find something to pour the water in so he can drink. He can’t stick his tongue down my canteen,” I said.
“Yeah. No kidding,” Steve chuckled. “There was probably thirty old cups lying around here before we cleaned this place up.”
“Well, just go over to the bags and rip them open and dig a cup out of one of them,” Cory suggested.
“No,” Steve said, shaking his head. “They’re buried under leaves and dirt and other junk. And we’re not letting this dog drink out of a dirty cup.” He turned in a circle, scanning our surrounding; looking for something clean that would hold water.
We had cleaned up everything though and no trash remained on the ground. Besides, Steve was right, it wouldn’t seem right letting the dog drink from an old, filthy cup.
“I know. Why can’t one of us cup our hands together and let him drink out of it like that?” Jason suggested.
“Yeah, I guess that will work,” Steve said. “Cory, make a cup.”
Cory did as he was told. But when he looked at me to pour water in his hands, I said, “Hold on a second. I’ve got an idea.”
I went over to where my half eaten sandwich lay inside its plastic baggy. The outside of the baggy was wet from the water fight but the bread and the bologna inside were still dry. I broke the sandwich in half and held it in the palm of my hand, offering it to the dog. “Here you go, boy.”
The dog, sitting on his hind legs, just stared at me, motionless.
After a moment, Cory said, “He’s probably thirstier than he is hungry.”
“Just wait,” I told him. Then to the dog, “It’s okay. I’m done with it. You can have the rest.”
He took a step forward, licked his chops and gently snatched the chunk of meat and bread from my hand.
“Sonofabitch,” Steve whispered. “It’s like he understood you.”
“It’s cause he’s about the smartest dog in the whole world,” I shot back. “Aincha, boy?”
“Woof,” the dog responded, which got us all in giggles.
“Watch this,” I told the other guys. I took the other piece of sandwich and pinched it between my thumb and index finger for the dog to see. “You want another bite?” I then moved my hand up and down and the dog did the same with his head, following the motion, keeping his eyes on the morsel the whole time. “See. He’s saying yes.”
“Oh come on,” Cory snickered. “Just give him the food.”
“Here you go.” I lobbed the last bit of food into the air for him to catch, which he did with ease.
“Yes. How cool. He is a smart dog,” Steve commended. “But we still need to get him some water.”
“Well, that’s what I was going to show you guys,” I told him. “Here, Steve, hold this.” I gave him the plastic bag that my sandwich had come in and as he grabbed it he knew right away what I meant to do.
He got down in a squat and held the top of the baggie with both hands as I poured water into it. When it was filled to the top, he called the dog over. “Come here, boy. Come get some water. We know you must be thirsty.”
And once again as if he understood what had been said to him, the dog went to Steve and drank. We had to fill it up two more times before he was done, but he finished what was in the canteen. He managed to make a mess all over Steve’s shoes but Steve didn’t seem to mind since they were already soaked from the water fight.
When the dog had had its fill, we picked up our paper lunch sacks, crumpled them and set them with the rakes and shovel. We didn’t want to trash the Tree again. It looked too nice now since we had cleaned it up for us to leave any mess.
Our new furry friend laid down, setting his head on his paws, took a deep breath and let it out, sending a small puff of dust adrift in the dirt in front of him. He followed us with his eyes as we each took a seat around him. I still couldn’t believe that he had come to us.
“What do you think we ought to name him?” Jason asked us.
“Man, I hadn’t even thought about that,” Steve said. I don’t think any of us had. We had been so caught up in the moment of finding him that none of us realized what to name him. We’d been calling him ‘Boy’ from the beginning. But if he was going to be ours, he needed a name.
“How about Woofie?” Cory suggested.
Steve, looking confused, said, “How about something not gay.” He shook his head and laughed. “Woofie.”
Cory’s cheeks glowed red. “Well, I don’t know. What have you got?”
“How about Killer?” Jason said, trying to come up with something tougher.
Steve closed his eyes and shook his head again. “Nah. He doesn’t look like a killer. It’s gotta be something that fits the way he looks.”
“Well how does he look?” I asked him.
Steve thought about it for a moment as we all watched intently. Finally he said, “I don’t know. He looks a little like a Frisbee dog.”
We were all silent, not really catching his meaning.
“A what?” I asked.
He turned to me and explained. “You know. You see those guys in the park throwing their Frisbees to their dogs. The dog does like a back flip in the air and catches the Frisbee in its mouth; one of those kinds of dogs.”
We all looked at each other and Jason said, “Okay. So what do we call him? Frisbee?”
The dog raised his head and gave a subtle chuff. All of our eyes went wide.
Steve said, “Frisbee,” and the dog turned to him.
Cory said, “Frisbee.” The dog looked in his direction.
I said, “Frisbee,” and he tilted his furry face at me and gave another low chuff as if to say, ‘Yes, you got it right the first time.’
Steve got up and walked over to where he had hung his shirt and bandana up to dry, put the shirt back on and unknotted the red headband. He shook it out and laid it flat in a square. Next he folded the corners so it made a large triangle. Then he went back to where the dog lay and squatted down in front of him. The dog lifted his head as if on queue and Steve tied the bandana around his neck, cowboy style. Steve nodded as if dubbing the dog a knight and said, “Frisbee.”


THIRTY-FIVE
We hung out in the shade of the Tree for a while longer, letting Frisbee sleep, watching him closely and we talked in hushed tones so we wouldn’t disturb him. Somehow we all knew he had come a long way to find us and that he needed to rest form that journey.
“What happened with the ambulance?” I asked quietly.
Steve, turned to me and said, “The what?”
“The ambulance,” I repeated a bit louder. “The one that stopped up the street last night.”
“Oh,” Steve said. “Cory found out from his mom this morning and told us what happened before we started playing 500.” He then looked in Cory’s direction. “You want to tell him, Dayborne?”
Cory only needed a second to think about it. Like his mom, he lived on gossip and loved repeating it. Janeal Osborne knew just about everyone in the neighborhood. Those she didn’t know, she could get gossip about through those who did. She and the telephone were quite fond of one another.
“My mom talked to Mrs. Stytes, that lives across the street form the Miller’s, this morning.” He paused for a moment. “She said he stopped breathing last night.”
My eyes went wide; my heart rate sped up a bit. I looked at Steve and then to Jason who were both nodding in conformation. 
Donald Miller. The kid from up the street with Canavan disease had been in slow decline. I thought back to the day in kindergarten two Septembers ago when I had pushed him on the swings and about the braces he wore on his legs to help with his balance and movement, how his parents had had to pull him out of school due to his declining heath. The disease had been unforgiving and had affected his motor skills to the point that not wearing the braces meant not walking.
Jason and I had looked in on him through his window not more than a week before. He looked like hell then and although somewhere in the back of my mind I knew he was not doing well, the news still shocked me. He was just a child like us, though robbed of his chance at a life. It didn’t seem fair that he had to suffer that way.
“Did he die?” I asked.
Cory closed his eyes and shook his head. “I guess he was hooked up to some sort of machine in that room he sleeps in. It tells his parents if he has a seizure or stops breathing and stuff.”
I didn’t know what a seizure was and I didn’t bother to ask right then. I did know what it meant to stop breathing though and knew it wasn’t a good thing.
I needed to know more. “What did his parents do?”
“My mom said that his parents know CPR,” Cory went on. “You know, just in case something like that happened.” He thought to himself for a moment as if trying to recall the details his mom had passed along to him. “They got him to start breathing again and then went and called the operator or something. But before the ambulance got there to help him, he had a seizure.”
At the mention of the word again, I asked, “What’s a See-Sure?”
“It’s called a seizure,” Cory corrected. “I guess it’s when you can’t control your body anymore and you just start floppin’ and squirmin’ like a worm on a hot sidewalk.”
I pictured Donald doing this weird seizure dance, drooling and I felt sad for him.
Cory continued, “I guess the guys from the ambulance got there just in time to keep him alive.”
This last part might have been exaggerated. Cory was known to embellish a story from time to time.
“My mom said that they took him over to the hospital and now he’s probably gonna have to be put on a machine that breathes for him until…”
I didn’t understand why Cory had stopped mid sentence. “Until what?” I whispered.
We were all silent for a while and it was Steve who finally spoke the three words I hadn’t really wanted to hear. 
“Until he dies.”


THIRTY-SIX
We rested a bit longer in the comforting shade, letting Frisbee finish up his dog nap. None of us spoke, but all of our thoughts were on Donald Miller.
Would he really die, I wondered? Surely Cory’s information must be wrong. Donald was only a kid. He was my age. It didn’t seem possible to me for God to take a child that young. 
But of course He did. He did every day. Maybe sometimes He needed to. I was always told that God had a plan for each of us even if it involved being taken back early. It may seem cruel that He did it, but it’s just all part of His crazy plan.
When I was little I always believed that life was like some twisted play and I was the lead character. My family and close friends were my supporting cast. Other people around town, the people I didn’t know as well, had the walk on roles. People like Donald and the girls that had been murdered.
What was there significance in all this? And when I die, at say the ripe old age of eighty and the final curtain falls, will God (the director) be there with everyone that had a part in my life in a great cloud filled room? Will God say, “Alright people, that’s a rap. You all did a great job. I was really impressed by each and every one of your performances. Oh, and Donald, I was looking for a little more agony in your death scene but other than that you bagged it. Ricky, you’ve been a terrific leading man. You did well. Now, everyone, let’s go to the rap party.”
Yeah, life is strange, cruel, sad, beautiful and at times unforgiving and should never ever be trusted. But we all have a part to play no matter how big or small the role.
I just hoped I didn’t get killed off before the second act.
That would suck.
Frisbee finally raised his head up and gave a soft snort, letting us know he was awake.
Steve reached over from where he sat and gave him a scratch on his chin. “Hey, boy, get a good rest?”
We all wanted to move in and start giving him affection but at the same time didn’t want to smother him. We had just found him and inside we felt he needed time to get used to us.
“Hey,” Steve said. “Why don’t we take him back to my house and get him something more to eat, something better than half a bologna sandwich? We’ve still got some of those ribs that my mom made from the party last night, although I think we may have to eventually scrape some money up and buy him some real dog food.” Then he looked down at Frisbee. “That is if he decides to stay with us.”
Frisbee stared at Steve, a melancholy look on his fuzzy mug.
“I hope he does,” I said.
“Me too,” Jason and Cory said together.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered. With his hands on his hips he blew his bangs out of his eyes. “Come on.”
We grabbed our tools, left our fort and headed back toward Cottonwood, Frisbee following close behind.
When we got to the corner of Magnolia and Fullerton the dog stopped and stared at the abandoned house that stood silent and ominous across the street. He sniffed the air for a moment and let out a small whine. I was the only one to notice this as the three others boys trekked ahead and crossed at the corner.
Had the dog smelled or sensed something odd about the house? Did he feel the presence of the ghosts that lurked inside? Or was the house just as creepy to him as it was to us?
I patted my thigh once and got his attention back to following us. He needed no more coaxing the rest of the way back. He just went about his doggy business as we led on, sniffing here, pissing there. Once it looked as if he needed to crap, but nothing came.
I kept checking over my shoulder just to make sure he didn’t wander off and found that no matter what he explored along the way, he was good to keep up. As we passed by Mr. Gagner’s once again, no confrontation ensued. Not with him or his St. Bernard, Ben. We rounded the corner and walked down our street, each of us finding himself looking at the Miller’s house as we went past. It had always been pretty quiet there, but that day it gave off a sad vibe as if it were an empty house in a ghost town on a deserted island. Frisbee was the only one that seemed not to take notice.
We quickly put our tools back at home and then met Steve in his driveway. He seemed to be formulating a plan. He said, “Alright, my mom shouldn’t be home for another couple of hours. I can probably talk her into letting me keep Frisbee in the backyard. I’ll just tell her we found him wandering around and it might take a couple of days to find his owner.”
“I don’t want to find his owner. I want to keep him,” I pleaded.
Cory turned to me and in a soothing, friendly voice, said, “Don’t worry, Ricky. It’s just what he’s going to tell his mom. A little white lie. We’re not going to really try to find his owner, right Steve?” I was actually taken aback by the way Cory spoke to me, kindness in his voice rather than meanness.
“Oh, we’re gonna keep him,” Steve assured me. “After a few days I’ll tell her that we’re still trying to find the owner. That we put up a few signs around the neighborhoods. After about a week, I’ll talk her into letting him stay for good. I’m pretty sure she’ll go for it.”
This was fantastic news. We all hoped it would work. Jason and I wouldn’t be able to keep him at our house. We doubted Cory’s parents would want a dog at theirs. So Steve’s plan had to work.
Frisbee sat on his back legs, watching as we made arrangements for him. “Okay, but where is he gonna sleep?” Jason asked. “I mean, no offense, Steve, but you don’t have the best looking backyard.”
“I know. I know,” Steve said. “I’m gonna have to get back there and clean it up. It shouldn’t take more than a morning to do it.”
“We can all help,” Jason volunteered. Cory and I said nothing, knowing that we’d be happy to make Frisbee as comfortable as possible. More chores. I thought we’d been done with those when we finished weeding the side hill at our house. But then we’d gone to clean up the Tree and now this. It would all be worth it though.
Steve said, “I was thinking on the walk home. We’ve still got the box that our washing machine came in from a few weeks ago in my garage. I know it’s not much, but if we turn it sideways and put a blanket inside, he could use it for a doghouse.”
We nodded our agreement.
Steve bent low and wrapped his arms around Frisbee’s neck, petted his back. “I’ll do the best for you, boy. It won’t be much, but I hope you’ll like it.”
Frisbee licked him on the mouth and Steve smiled back. He stood up and turned to us and said, “Why don’t you guys take him around back. I’m going to go inside and grab a bowl of water and those ribs. I’ll meet you out there.”
It was Cory who asked the question that I was thinking. 
“Is Jacob here?”
“I don’t think so,” Steve answered. He left late last night and didn’t come home this morning. We should be cool. Jackie went to work with my mom, so we should have the place to ourselves until they come back.” He then gave us a shooing motion with his hands to get us moving around back. 
Jason, Cory and I led Frisbee around to the side of his house. The gate that led to the backyard leaned awkwardly on its hinges like an oversized tombstone. Jason had to use both hands to lift it while he used his side to push with. It gave a faint squeak and scraped the dirt, leaving a fantail. The guys and the dog walked along the side of the house ahead of me. I closed the gate behind us the best I could, but had to leave it slightly ajar. A few feet in, on the ground, a puddle had formed in the dirt from where the exhaust vent for the dryer had leaked. This puddle never seemed to dry and each time we went back that way we had to avoid it so we wouldn’t get our shoes muddy.
There was a window above and to the left of the vent. It was Jackie’s window. Each time I passed it I would glance over in the hopes of finding her changing inside but never had any such luck.
I caught up with Jason and Cory who were standing on the cement slab of Steve’s back patio with Frisbee. As we waited for him we surveyed his backyard and thought of the work that would need to be done to it.
The lawn, if you could call it that, had been dead for as long as any of us could remember. Jacob never seemed to do any chores around their house and Steve was left to do the yard work. Weeds grew up around the fence line and paper and other trash had blown about and never been picked up. Seven or eight Budweiser cans lay scattered around as well. We had our work cut out for us.
When Steve finally came out the sliding-glass-door he was holding a metal bowl full of cool water and he placed it down in front of the dog who began lapping greedily. He went back in and within a few seconds brought out the last of the ribs his mom had made, still in the glass pan, and set them down next to the bowl.
After a moment, Frisbee stopped slurping the water and looked down at the pan, muzzle dripping. He looked up at Steve as if he wasn’t sure if the ribs were meant for him.
“Go ahead. Eat up,” Steve said and we watched the dog bury his face in the pan and demolish the ribs, leaving nothing on the bones.
“Man, he was hungry,” Jason, said.
“There’s more where that came from, boy,” Steve assured him. “As long as you stay, I’ll take good care of you.”
“Hey,” Jason said and smacked Steve’s arm.
“Sorry,” Steve corrected. “We’ll take good care of you.”


THIRTY-SEVEN
After filling his belly and hydrating himself with a whole bowl of water, Frisbee seemed to have a newfound sense of energy that wasn’t present before. When we had first found him he seemed happy enough, bounding through the field toward us. But at the same time he looked tired, like an old man on the last leg of a long quest.
Now, in Steve’s backyard, he explored with vigor, familiarizing himself with his new surroundings. He first set off to a far corner and whizzed out about a gallon of piss onto a patch of dead weeds. Then he started searching along the fence line, his brown and white coat like a camouflage suit against the wooden boards. He sniffed everywhere he could get his small head into; Gopher holes, piles of rubbish that had been heaped onto the dead lawn only God knew how long before, chinks in the fence that separated the houses behind Steve’s.
When he was done with his exploration he let out a burst of energy that dazzled and entertained us. He started at one end of the yard and ran as fast as he could to the other end, turned in a wide circle and headed back just as fast. He did this two or three times, running in wide loops and then changed it up and began doing figure eights. We began clapping and yelling for him to go, go, go. He was really scooting, running faster and faster, like a racehorse from a glue factory, doing those crazy figure eights.
He must have gone around that yard nine or ten times before he finally came to an abrupt stand-up skid, facing us, tongue lolling from the side of his mouth, his gold speckled eyes aglow.
“Woohoo, Frisbee,” Cory shouted.
“That was great, boy,” Steve commended.
“Way to go, Frisbee,” Jason said.
I yelled, “He’s the fasted dog in the world,” and pumped my arm at the sky.
And to us, it seemed as though he were. He was like a fuzzy brown streak of lighting when he ran.
Steve and Jason began patting their thighs, calling him toward them and as he trotted over, we all gathered around and showed him what a great dog he really was.
After a moment, Steve said, “You guys keep an eye on him. I’m gonna get the box from the garage.” He ran around the side of his house and a minute later was dragging the large cardboard container behind him, a big GE logo on its side. Placing it down next to the chimney, he then went into his house and retrieved a large, pink blanket, wadded it up and laid it within. 
“There,” he said. “He should be pretty comfy on that. Go ahead, boy. Try it out.”
Frisbee, still panting, looked up at Steve and then to the box on the ground. He took a couple of steps toward it and sniffed inside. With one more look at Steve, he headed in and lay down. Once on his belly, he gave a bark of approval.
“I think he likes it,” Jason said.
“Of course he does,” Steve told him, looking at the dog. “That’s your new home. You stay as long as you like.” And with a whisper, added, “Please.”
It wasn’t much of a home for a dog, but it was the best we could provide for him. We wouldn’t have to worry about him getting cold at night, not for a while anyway. During summer, the temperature hardly ever got below seventy-five degrees at night. Even during winter dogs could survive outdoors at night in Southern California. But if worse came to worse Steve could probable talk his mom into letting him sleep in the garage, that was, of course, if she let him keep the dog in the first place.
“Hey,” Steve said, a light bulb winking on above his head, “I just thought of something.”
None of us asked what it was, but we waited for a response.
“Remember how I said that he looked like a Frisbee dog? Well I’ve got a Frisbee inside. Let’s take him out front and see if he knows how to catch it. Maybe we can teach him some tricks.”
“Yeah,” I howled. It would be pretty cool to see what he could do. Maybe whoever had him last had taught him how to catch.
Cory said, “Alright. We’ll take him out front while you grab the Frisbee. Meet us out there.”
“Okay.”
Steve went back inside yet again as the three of us led the dog back around to the front yard. We all made sure to step around the mud puddle once again as we passed by the gate.
Steve must have known right where the Frisbee was because by the time we had reached the front lawn, he was just coming out his front door, the green disk in his hand. He ran down the length of the grass and bent down in front of the dog, showing him the toy.
Frisbee sniffed at the object and licked it once.
“Think he’ll go for it?” I asked.
“Let’s see,” Steve said and twisted around to one side. He whipped his right arm forward a let loose the Frisbee. “Go get it boy.”
For a twelve year old, he was pretty athletic. He could run fast, play baseball and football well and seemed to have really keen eye to hand coordination. Between the four of us, Steve could throw the farthest as well and it was no surprise to see the disk travel over a hundred feet up the street in a perfectly straight line.
The dog never moved a muscle. 
Like us, he watched the Frisbee soar up Cottonwood, then slowly make its way back to earth and scrape across the asphalt like a downed UFO.
We were all silent for a moment, looking down at the motionless dog.
“I guess he’s not a Frisbee dog after all,” Jason said.
“Maybe he just needs a little practice,” Steve responded, staring up toward the disk. “Let’s try standing in the cul-de-sac and throw it around to each other. Maybe if he watches us do it for a bit, he’ll catch on. Cory, go grab the Frisbee and bring it back down here.”
Cory looked at Steve and held his hands out in front of him. “No way, man. I already chased your stupid tennis ball up the street earlier.”
“Alright, alright,” Steve said with a laugh. “Ricky, can you go grab it?”
Without a word I dashed out into the street, not bothering to look either way for cars like my mom had taught me. When I reached the spot half a minute later, I picked it up, turned around and trying to imitate Steve’s earlier throw, flung it back down toward the other guys and the dog. It wobbled in the air for about ten feet and then slammed into the windshield of a car parked at the curb. I looked around quickly to see if anyone had seen my pathetic throw. No one had.
Once again I picked up the disk and jogged down a few houses. When I was in front of our house Jason yelled, “Throw it.”
This time, when I stopped I stood sideways and took a couple practice twists first. On the fourth one I let it go, which only managed to flip the Frisbee vertical. It crashed back down to the ground and rolled the rest of the way to him.
Jason bent down, without moving, and scooped it up just before it rolled through his legs. 
“Nice throw, chief.” 
I hustled over to my spot to complete a square they were forming for the game of catch. We were each an equal distance of about thirty feet apart and I stood in front of the Maherrin’s house, Cory in front of the Pharris’, Steve in front of Cory’s and Jason in front of ours.
“You ready, Frisbee?” Jason called to the dog who was sitting on his hind legs between Steve and Cory. “Catch.” He tossed the disk toward Cory who encouraged the dog to go for it, but he ended up catching it himself.
“Okay,” Cory said. “He just needs to watch a few throws first to get the hang of it.” He turned to Steve and shot it in his direction. “Go get it.”
Frisbee watched it closely, but made no effort whatsoever to chase it down. Instead he lay down on his belly, head raised like the Sphinx.
“Heads up, Ricky,” Steve hollered and sent it toward me. I put my hands out to grab it when it got to me but it thunked off of my chest, hit my chin and flipped over my shoulder, landing behind me with a smacking sound.
The other boys thought this was funny as hell and began laughing at my expense. Frisbee barked once.
I picked the disk up off the ground and tossed it to Cory, and, like before, it turned sideways, dropping to the road. It turned at a slight angle away from Cory and rolled to Steve.
“I meant to do that,” I hollered, giving them the thumbs up. They rolled their eyes and shook their heads at me.
Steve tossed it over to Cory who tossed it to Jason. Jason tossed it back to Cory who tossed it back to Steve. It went on that way for several minutes and soon enough I got the distinct feeling that they were skipping me on purpose.
“Hey, come on guys. Throw it here,” I pleaded.
Steve, Jason and Cory continued to throw it back and forth. I’m not sure but I think they gave up on teaching Frisbee how to catch a Frisbee. He sort of just lounged their watching us kids have our fun without much interest in the flying disk.
Cory flipped a low one to Steve who caught it neatly between his legs, spun around and flung it to Jason.
“Come on, Jason,” I begged. “Throw it to me. Please.” I was the smallest of the bunch and it hurt sometimes to be left out of games.
Jason was about to send it over to Cory but stopped at the last moment. “Alright. I’ll throw it to you but if you don’t catch it then you got to sit out. Okay?”
I thought about it. It was true that I sucked at most games but I knew if I really tried I could catch it. Besides, if I did have to sit out, I could always play with Frisbee while the other guys went about the game.
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll catch it this time. Let ‘er rip.”
I put my hands out in front of me like a quarterback waiting for a shotgun snap. Jason twisted back and let it loose.
Now, I probably should have learned something from that morning when Steve pulled the tennis ball trick on Cory, but I hadn’t. I actually thought my own brother would toss me a catchable throw, but he didn’t. Instead it soared about four feet over my head, and though I tried to jump for it, I got nowhere near it.
The three guys burst out laughing, once again at my expense, as the disk floated over me and landed in the Maherrin’s driveway and skidded until it hit their garage door with a bonk.
“Very funny,” I yelled as I turned around to retrieve it. 
The Maherrin’s car was gone which meant they wouldn’t be coming out to investigate the noise, not that they would have cared much. They were nice people. I jogged up the incline of their asphalt drive and bent down to pick up the Frisbee. Just as I put my hand on it a pair of black boots slipped into my vision and a voice said, “Nice catch, kid.”


THIRTY-EIGHT
Although it wasn’t threatening, the voice was sharp and a little slurred and startled me all the same. The black boots belonged to Mark Payne, the guy renting the Maherrin’s guesthouse. I guess I should have known he’d be home by the green Mustang parked at the curb. His right hand was wrapped around the belly of a Coors can, his left rested on his hip, thumb hooked through a belt loop. His eyes were deep blue and rimmed red as if he had recently been crying, though the beer was a more likely culprit. I could smell the sour odor on him from where I stood.
“Richie?” he inquired, eyes squinted, searching for my name in his fogged head.
“Ricky,” I corrected, shyly.
His eyes widened in confirmation. “Right. Ricky.” He lifted the beer to his lips and killed the last of it, crushing the can as he gulped. The last swallow he held in his mouth a moment as if to savor the bitter taste. When he finally got it down he gave a low silent burp, looked at me and asked, “May I?”
I looked back at him, not sure of what he was asking.
“Throw the Frisbee?” he added, seeing my confusion.
I was reminded of the day we had come charging out of Dead Grove and through the alley, being chased by Ben, when we had first met Mark. He had asked Steve the same thing of the BB gun.
May I?
And that had been a really cool trick; shooting the beer can one handed. It made me wonder if he would do an equally amazing trick with the Frisbee.
I handed him the green disk and at first he just stared at it, turning it over in his hand, studying it. Then, after a moment, he walked down the middle of the driveway, tossed it vertically in the air with his left hand and caught it behind his back with his right. The hand flew from behind him, lightning-quick, and flung the Frisbee with a snap of his wrist.
At first I thought he might have just faked the throw and was holding it in front of him where I couldn’t see it, but as I strained my vision, out into the cul-de-sac, I saw the green blur humming along toward Steve. It sailed about ten from the ground, perfectly horizontal, until at its halfway point it started its descent, slowly falling to earth as gravity worked its magic. Down a few more feet it went, still on course, until Steve, who hadn’t moved an inch, caught it with both hands. 
It was a perfect throw.
The distance between Mark and Steve must have been a good fifty yards, and I would have bet that if Steve had left his arms at his sides the Frisbee would have hit him square in the belly. It wasn’t quite as impressive as the BB gun trick, but it was still a damn good throw. Mark had hit his target once again.
This man was Robin Hood.
“Hey, good throw,” Steve yelled from across the street.
“Just good?” Mark said, jokingly, arms outstretched. He shook his head, smiling. “Hey, you guys want to do a little target practice?”
Steve walked a little closer to where we were so they wouldn’t need to shout back and forth to each other. “What do you mean?” he asked.
“Why don’t you go grab your gun? We’ll shoot some cans in the backyard again,” Mark said.
Steve and Cory had gone with him into the Meherrin’s backyard a few days before and shot at beer cans, when Jason and I had gone home for dinner but, now, it was still early and we had time to practice our marksmanships. I just hoped that the other guys were up for it.
Steve, looking at Jason and Cory, asked, “What do you say, guys? Want to shoot the gun?”
Nodding his head, Jason said, “Yeah, that’s cool.”
“Alright,” Cory answered.
“Well, come on over, then,” Mark said, waving his arm. “Steve, go grab your gun and meet us in the backyard.”
“Okay. I’ll be back in a sec.” Steve told us. “Come on Frisbee.”
As Steve headed to his house with the dog and the disk, Jason and Cory trotted on over to where Mark and I stood. Extending his arm, Mark shook their hands in greeting. He hadn’t acknowledged me the same as he had with them which made me feel a little left out. He hadn’t even gotten my name right when he’d asked to throw the Frisbee. But still, in his presence, I couldn’t help but like him. He seemed like a big kid himself. None of us saw anything threatening about him just then.
“Let’s go set up some cans before Steve gets back,” he suggested.
The three of us then followed him to a gate on the side of the house. After unlatching it he held it open for us and we passed through. Old junk and debris littered this side of the house and we had to step around cords of firewood and a wheelbarrow with the wheel missing-just a barrow?- to reach the back. We had all been in the Meherrin’s backyard a hundred times before, playing with their son Chris and knew this side of the yard was the only messy area. The rest wasn’t immaculate but the lawn was always mowed and raked, the weeds plucked before they became terrorist. Rose and oleander bushes lined the wooden fence that separated their property from Dead Grove.
Close to the cinder block wall that ran along the alley side of the yard was a swimming pool. The Meherrin’s had had it built two summers prior. At times I felt a little sorry for Chris that they shipped him off to his grandparents at the peek of swimming season and a little sorry for us too since we couldn’t use it until he came back home. But in southern California, you could swim until November and still not feel a chill in the air when you got out of the water.
Mark said, “Cory, remember how we set up the platform the other day?”
Cory nodded.
“Okay, do it just like that again. These two and I will grab some cans.”
Jason and I followed him over to the small guesthouse that he rented. It was about the size of a studio apartment, had one window, one door and a light fixture-sans bulb-on the edge of the slanted roof. As many times as we had been in the back we had never gone inside the guesthouse. Chris’s dad had never allowed it. He had told us all once that it wasn’t a playhouse and to just stay clear of it and we minded him.
But Cory had told us that he had gone in the other day after he had taken a spill on his bike, said Mark had patched up his leg for him and even given him a beer.
“She may smell like ass,” Mark said, gesturing toward the small structure, “but I love her.”
Laughing at his crude wit, I wondered if he were going to take us in but instead he lead us to the left of the small house and pointed to a five gallon bucket filled to overflowing with Coors cans.
“Okay, we don’t need all of them, so why don’t you guys just grab ten or so and take them over to Cory. I’m gonna grab another cool one.”
Mark went inside as I thrust my hands into the bucket trying to grab a half dozen or so but they just kept sliding out of my arms and I ended up dropping all but three, the cans pink-ponking as they hit the ground.
“Do it like this, Ricky,” Jason instructed, sticking his fingers into the open mouths at the top of the cans. When he stood up he had three on one hand and four on the other. He looked at me, tapped the cans together and said, “Warriors. Come out to play-ay,” sounding nothing like Luther from the movie.
Laughing at his bad imitation, I tried to do the same thing and came away with three cans on each hand. When we got over to Cory we saw that he had taken two aluminum trash cans and had turned them upside down on their heads, a wooden two-by-four lay on top making the whole thing look like the worlds worst sawhorse. 
“Just set the cans in a row on the board,” Cory told us.
In the time it took us to set up, Mark had come back out of the guesthouse, finishing up one beer and popping open another. He set the empty one on top of another already on the board next to us, a double stack.
“Alright,” Mark said, looking at us, “Whoever can get this top can off the board, without actually shooting it, gets a full beer.”
Ping.
Both cans jumped as if they had been slapped by an angry ghost.
“Shit,” Mark yelled, almost dropping the full beer in his hand. Jason, Cory and I jumped back a few feet, eyes wide.
Standing behind us, at the far end of the yard, Steve held the BB gun, pointing it just to the left of us. He brought it up slowly and touched the end of the barrel to his lips, blew it like a cowboy in an old western. “I’ll take it in a mug if you don’t mind,” he said. The cocky bastard.
We turned to Mark who was staring at Steve, unblinking. He eyed him for a moment then said, “You got it, sharpshooter,” with a hint of tension in his voice.
Steve walked over to where we stood, handed Jason the gun and Cory a rust colored carton that looked as though it should hold milk but instead was full of Copperhead BB’s. He must have left Frisbee at his house for the dog wasn’t at his heel this time.
Mark, said, “From now on, we make sure everyone’s out of the way before we shoot. Is that clear?”
We all nodded.
Mark stared down at Steve as if he weren’t sure if he wanted to ring his neck or high-five him. In the end he clapped a hand on the back of his neck and said, “Come on. I’ll get you a fresh one. In a mug even.”
He lead Steve over to the door of the guesthouse and just before they stepped inside, I heard him say, “Man, hell of a shot though. Almost pissed myself.” 
As the door closed behind them I felt a twinge of jealousy. Now Cory and Steve had been inside Mark’s place. Why did I want to see the inside so bad? I guess it could have been the sense of being left out of something, like there was a secret that I wasn’t being let in on.
Cory handed Jason the carton of BB’s and then picked up the two cans that Steve had shot down and set them back on the board. Jason loaded the rifle by opening the carton and pouring in a small handful of copper balls into the chamber by the trigger guard, pulled the bolt to load a BB and began pumping the gun. The three of us walked back twenty feet or so and took turns firing at the targets. Cory was able to hit seven cans out of ten shots, Jason hit eight and I hit five on our first turns. I kind of expected Mark and Steve to come back out and join us but they stayed inside, unseen, for some time.
After ten minutes or so and four turns a piece, I finally asked, “What do you think they’re doing in there?”
“Who cares?” Cory said. “Give me the gun. It’s my turn.”
“They’re probably just talking,” Jason added. “Go set your cans back up, Ricky.”
I did as I was told, placing the pockmarked cylinders on the board an equal distance from each other and for another few minutes we shot at and replaced the cans. It wasn’t until Jason had finished his turn that the door to Mark’s house opened and Steve stepped out. He looked at us, lips tight and an angry pallor about him. “Let’s go,” he commanded in a low voice.
The three of us looked from him to one another in confusion.
Cory spoke up. “Come on, Steve, come shoot with us.”
Steve looked back and told him, “I said bring the fucking gun and let’s go. Now!” When he said it, it made us all flinch. It was in the same tone a father would use when being firm with his child and it got us moving. 
We followed him back down the side of the main house and just as we got to the gate, Mark shouted, “Steve.”
Steve, opening the gate, stopped. We all looked back to see Mark standing just outside the door to the guesthouse. He was pointing a finger at us, shaking his head and giving a look that meant business. That look scared the shit out of me and I had no idea where it came from.
Steve stood there for a moment, staring back at Mark, unflinching. He then raised his hand and flipped him off before walking through the gate with us in tow.
When we got to the bottom of the driveway and into the street, Cory said, “Hey, what was that all about?”
Steve turned around and faced Cory who in turn took a step back. He looked at all of us, let out a pent up breath and said, “Nothing.” He took the gun from Jason and the carton of BB’s that I was holding. “Listen. I’ll see you guys tomorrow, right? To clean up my backyard?”
We nodded.
Jason said, “You mad at us, Steve? What’s going on?”
He stood there a moment, staring back at my brother and finally said, “You guys are my best friends right?”
Again, we nodded in agreement.
“Then promise me,” he said, “that you’ll never go near him again.” Steve turned and walked home.


DEWCLAW
The Cleanser drives somberly into the night. The radio is off and the only sounds that are heard, over the hum of the tires and the buzz of the engine, are the low tolling of bells from the Church of Christ on Main Street, marking the hour. They can be heard from one end of the city to the other when the night is at its darkest and the city and its people are asleep.
Bong. Bong. Bong.
Three a.m.
In the back of the car, on the floorboard, wrapped in a sheet, lies a lifeless body that only an hour ago had been a cute and vibrant and very scared ten-year-old girl. Taking her had been the hardest yet for the Cleanser. Three problems had been encountered at that house.
At midnight the car had been parked one house down from the child’s house.
The filthy, unclean child.
After exiting the vehicle, a quick sweep of the neighbors’ houses had been made to ensure no one was out where they shouldn’t be, to screw things up.
The coast had been clear.
It wasn’t until approaching the side gate that plans had to be improvised. The first three break-ins had gone smooth, in and out without waking a soul. This time, however, proved to be a challenge.
When the Cleanser had reached a hand over the gate to feel for a latch, the unmistakable sounds of a dog, growling deep in its throat, floated upon the air. 
Problem number one.
At first the thought was to abandon the mission, to just stop right then and there and head back home, find a different little girl on a different night.
Then reasoning set in.
I can’t. It must be her. It must be tonight. 
So instead of jumping ship, the Cleanser walked back to the car and rummaged around the trunk. After a minute of searching, the hand came out and the trunk was gently and quietly shut.
The tire iron was held flat against the leg for the quick walk back to the side of the house, the whole while still scanning the neighborhood for any lurkers. At the gate the hand went up and felt for the latch once again. The same throaty growl rose up but still the dog had not barked.
The Cleanser gave two quick, quiet whistles and when the dog whined in response pushed the gate open in one quick, fluid motion. The tire iron went up and came down in a blur, connected with the back of the dog’s skull. It let out a brief death cry that could have been mistaken for the shriek of a car’s tires braking on a street. The sound wasn’t exceptionally loud but the Cleanser crouched just inside the gate, leaving it half open, incase escape was necessary.
A minute passed, then two, with no sound in the immediate area. Finally, the small flashlight was turned on to check the damage done to the dog.
Its eyes were open, a light blue film covered its pupils. Age had robbed it of its sight. It appeared to be a golden retriever, though most of its fur had grown gray and thin.
The dog was old. Fifteen years, maybe twenty. Blood leaked from one ear. It lay on its side, panting, paws twitching as if trying to scratch at something.
You certainly are a tough old bitch.
The Cleanser raised the tire iron again and thumped the dog’s skull twice more. It didn’t cry out this time. The only sound that was heard resembled a bat hitting a taught blanket.
When that work was done the gate was closed, but not latched. It was left cracked to aid in an easy, prompt departure.
On this side of the house, a few feet up from where the dog lay, a door was inset into the stucco wall. It was ajar and led into the garage.
Going inside and closing the door, the flashlight was switched back on. It could be left on while inside for it wouldn’t be seen from the street and betray the mission.
There were two bowls on the ground below the water heater. On one was stenciled the name Minister. It was empty but had the unmistakable residue of dog food on the bottom. A few ants crawled in and out, taking their share. A water bowl and a blanket with a chewed, stuffed clown in the middle made up the rest of the dog’s possessions.
Won’t need those anymore.
On the opposite side of the garage was another door. It appeared to lead into the house but when the Cleanser gripped the knob it failed to turn.
Problem number two.
Shit. Okay. No big deal. I’ve picked locked doors before. Just need something flat and hard.
The Cleanser looked around and noticed a toolbox on a work bench, the latch flipped and the top open. A flat-head screwdriver lay on top, reflecting the light, calling out, as if put there for this task specifically.
There was a small gap from the door to the frame and the tool just fit. The hinges to the door were on the outside so it would swing into the garage. By pushing the screwdriver in the gap between the bolt and the strike plate and after wiggling it back and forth a bit, the bolt slid back into the knob and the door swung out silently.
The flashlight was turned off before entering and the door unlocked and left open. Once inside the eyes had to adjust to compensate for the darkness before the search began.
The drapes were opened from one window and some light spilled in from the outside streetlamps. Down the hall there were three doors. One was a double set, a master bedroom. Another led into a small bathroom and the third, into the girl’s bedroom.
Upon entering, the flashlight was held out straight and then turned on and off rapidly, looking like a subtle flash of lightening in the small bedroom. It was the right room and in the brief illumination the child was seen in peaceful slumber on her bed.
The third problem happened in the next few moments. First, the Cleanser pulled out the hypodermic filled with thiopental, located the girl’s butt and jammed the needle home, pressing the plunger quickly. The girl gave a slight whimper and called out for her mommy, but it was little more than a whisper. And just to be on the safe side the Cleanser went to listen at the bedroom door to make sure the parents hadn’t heard, but on the way had stepped on a small rubber ball and went toppling forward and onto one of the low bed posts. It rammed up into the right side knocking all air in the chest loose. Going down on week knees, it seemed as though all air had been sucked from the room as well.
Fuck.
Shaking on the floor, trying to breath. Until slowly, through gritted teeth, the Cleanser managed to get some air into the lungs. Listening. Had the parents heard this? The noise hadn’t been too loud.
After a minute of massaging the point of impact, listening for mommy and daddy, slowly sucking in air, the Cleanser rose back up and violently grabbed the unconscious girl.
Gotta go now. Gotta get away from here.
Threw the body over the left shoulder and entered back into the hall. It hurt like hell to carry her, but, from there, escaped to the garage and back out to the side yard. Stepping over Minister, they stopped just outside the gate, looked around and after deciding the coast was clear fled to the car.
Speeding away they had gone to the Shelter. There, within its dirty walls and its dry, sour stench, the Cleanser had bound the girl to a chair, slapped her awake and talked to her. It was the same talk that had been given to the other girls.
The talk of cruelty and impurity.
Of mockery and absence.
Faithlessness and abandonment from God.
And then the girl was dealt with, purged from this world, sent back to God as a sign of protest to this life and the lives of all young girls.
The earth shall be cleansed of them.
After the work had been done, the body needed to be disposed of and at seven minutes passed three the car reaches its destination at the south end of Main Street. Here there is a thin cover of orange trees and a dirt clearing after. People have used this spot in the past to discard old stoves, fridges, lounge chairs and other worn-out appliances and trash.
The perfect spot to dump the trash from my car.
After pulling in behind the trees the Cleanser retrieves the girl’s body from the back floorboard and hauls it off, placing it among the rubbish next to a bicycle frame. The corpse is wrapped in a shroud, a sheet actually. On the sheet are characters from a popular children’s program; forty or fifty small, blue Grovers wave and dance on the white backdrop.
A cardboard sign attached to a length of wire is placed around the neck of the girl’s body. It simply reads: CAN YOU TELL ME HOW TO GET TO SESAME STREET?


Part Three:

The Killer


THIRTY-NINE
Cory and his family went to church on Sunday mornings and Jason and I had been out in front of our house, watching from across the street, waiting for the Dayborne’s to return. Their sedan pulled up in the driveway at just past nine. His father, Guy, wore a nice, cheap suit, his dark, thick hair, slicked over his crown. His mother and sister wore identical blue dresses that stopped just bellow the knees. Cory sported a short-sleeved button-up with a clip-on tie, tan slacks.
“Morning, boys,” Guy hollered.
“Good morning, Mr. Dayborne,” Jason said with a wave.
Cory’s old man put his hands on his hips and with a huff, said, “What did I tell you about that Mr. Dayborne stuff?”
Jason smiled at him and said, “Sorry. Good morning…Guy.”
We were a little uncomfortable calling him by his first name. It wasn’t because he was an adult and we thought he should be addressed as Mister, it was because he had such an unusual name to begin with.
Guy. It was a generic name. Maybe his parents where just that unoriginal, maybe it was either going to be that or Male.
Guy gave my brother a wink and headed up to his front door, his family in tow.
“Get changed, Cory, and come back out,” Jason called after them. “We need to go next door to Steve’s.”
He turned around to face us, walking backward. “I know, to help him clean up his backyard.”
“For Frisbee,” I reminded them.
Cory nodded and as he went to turn back around he walked right into his sister, Christy. 
“Watch it, jerk-o,” she squealed and punched him in the arm. Just as Guy opened the front door, Cory pulled her hair and shot past her into the house. Christy, hot on his heels, chased him down the hallway.
Although the Dayborne’s went to church every Sunday it seemed as though they never took the Sabbath all that serious, like they worked just hard enough at being good, not to go to Hell, nothing more. This was, after all, the day of rest, but Cory and Christy were allowed to go off and play as they pleased while Guy and Janeal sat around drinking martinis or mimosas or margaritas, whatever struck their fancy.
In less than five minutes, Cory had changed from his Sunday best into a pair of corduroy shorts and a shirt with a picture of King Kong hanging from the Empire State Building swatting at small planes.
As we trekked next door, Cory said, “What do you think Steve was pissed off about yesterday?”
Jason shrugged. “I don’t know. None of us said anything to make him mad. Maybe Mark said something to him.”
“I like Mark,” Cory told him. “He seems alright.”
“Yeah,” I cut in. “He’s cool.”
We cut up Steve’s lawn and headed toward his front door when we heard him shouting from his backyard, so, instead, we went around to the side and let ourselves in through the gate.
As we walked carefully around the condensation puddle by Jackie’s window, Jason yelled out, “Steve. You back here?”
At the sound of his voice, Frisbee trotted over, looked down the side yard, barked once and ran back.
“Yeah,” Steve called. “Come on back.”
When we got around back we found him holding a tennis ball in his right hand, Frisbee sitting at his feet, staring up.
“Check this out, guys. He might not like catching Frisbees but he sure loves tennis balls.” He cocked his arm back and tossed the ball high into the air. Frisbee kept his eyes on it the whole time it was airborne, letting it come down and bounce once in the dead grass before leaping out to snag it.
“Alright. Good catch, Frisbee,” I hollered. The dog dropped the ball and came to me, letting me pet him from head to tail.
“Hey, pretty cool,” Jason said. “How long you been doing that with him for?”
“About a half hour,” Steve answered.
If it was us that he was mad at yesterday, he must have gotten over by now for he was good old Steve once again.
“You talk to your mom about keeping him?” Cory asked.
Steve nodded and said, “Yup. She was pretty cool about it too. She said as long as I take care of him and clean up his poop he can stay.” He pointed over by the sliding glass-door to where a sack of dried dog food sat. “She even took me out last night to buy food for him.”
“Bitchin,” Cory said.
“Yeah,” Steve continued. “And Jackie really loves him too. We stayed out here until about nine o’clock last night playing with him. I thought it was going to break her heart when we had to go back inside.”
“Where is she?” I asked. I liked being around her and if she was home I kind of wanted her outside with us.
“Mom took her out to get her hair cut and to buy new shoes. They won’t be back for a few hours.”
Jason asked, “What about Jacob? What does he think about Frisbee?”
Steve looked down at his feet and shook his head. He answered in almost a whisper, as if scared that his older brother might be listening in on our conversation. “I don’t know. He hasn’t seen him yet. He was out all weekend. He didn’t get home until early this morning, like four or something. He’s still sleeping. Fucking dick.” Then Steve looked at each of us, a little fire in his eyes. “But I swear if he even thinks about touching Frisbee, I’ll kill him.”
The dog hadn’t even been in our lives for twenty-four hours yet but somehow Steve knew he was special. He loved him already. We all did.
“But anyway,” he said, a bit calmer, “you guys ready to work?”
“I guess,” Jason told him as Cory and I groaned. It was summer. We weren’t supposed to be doing this much work. We were supposed to be out playing. But it seemed that we had been cleaning up one place or another for the last week. First the hill at our house, then the Tree and now this. But at the same time, we knew we were cleaning up Steve’s backyard for Frisbee so he could have a halfway decent place to live. Knowing that made it seem a little less like work.
Steve was the boss-man. It was his yard so it was only right he decide what everyone’s job would be. “Okay, I’m going to grab the lawnmower and get as much of this dead grass up as I can. Sinfields’, you guys pull out the weeds around the fence area. I’ll get as close to it as I can with the mower so there won’t be so much. Dayborne, grab a rake and start making piles of everything; trash, weeds, grass, whatever. We’ll bag it up when we’re done.” He looked at each of us and gave a nod. “Shouldn’t take us more than about an hour.”
It actually took closer to two hours, but the work went fast. Frisbee stayed out of our way, lying on the concrete in the shade of the house where it was cooler. When we started at nine-thirty the temperature was already kicking ninety-five in the ass. White billowy clouds had started drifting in from the Pacific like slow camels in a blue desert.
Steve had gotten about two thirds of the way done when the lawnmower quite on him. He figured out quickly that it was just out of gas and of course his gas can was empty so he sent Cory to his house to get the one they kept in their garage. And in normal Cory fashion he turned a two minute trip into a fifteen minute trip. When he came back and dropped the one gallon metal can by the mower we all noticed a new mustard stain on his shirt and he also had what appeared to be a grape juice mustache.
We all stopped what we were doing at the moment to stare at him. 
“What?” he said, sheepishly and jogged over to the rake to continue his task.
After Steve added more fuel, he finished cutting the last of the grass and put the lawnmower back in its spot on the side yard. Cory had made twelve good sized piles around the lawn.
It was while we were bagging everything up that Jason finally asked Steve about the previous day.
“Steve?”
“Yeah?”
Jason dropped a handful of grass into the bag that I was holding open for him. “What happened?”
Steve, tying off one bag and starting with another, said, “What do you mean?” although he had a look about him that said he knew exactly what Jason meant.
Jason stopped what he was doing all together and stood up. “You know, yesterday. When we were across the street with Mark. What happened? What set you off?”
And at the sound of Mark’s name Steve froze, a wad of newspaper and a rusty beer can in one hand. It took a moment but he finally dropped them into the bag and stood up. He looked at Jason not with anger or fear but more of concern or maybe even sorrow.
Jason prodded a little more. “Come on, man. You went into that little house of his and you were fine. But when you came out it was like you hated him all of a sudden. I mean-”
“I do,” Steve admitted. “Hate him.” He looked back at Cory who was walking over. We all gathered closer together.
“What happened, Steve?” Cory asked. “Did he say something to you? Did he do something? Cause if he did, man-”
“Yesterday,” Steve interrupted, “when he offered me that beer, I thought that was pretty cool. I mean I’ve had a beer before. Snuck one or two of Jacob’s. No big deal, you know. But when Mark was gonna let me have one, it seemed special or something, like I had just made a new friend, like he thought I was cool. I mean a million things started going through my head. I kind of felt like he liked me more than everyone else. That’s kind of selfish though isn’t it? You guys are my buds and all and I’d never do anything to hurt you. But it was just so cool that he had chosen me. I know I shot that beer can and all but…” He trailed off for a moment, staring, as if trying to remember. “I sort of thought for a second, too, that you know, if shit ever gets bad here at home with Jacob, I would be able to go over there, maybe hang out with him until things cooled off, maybe have a beer or two with him.” Steve shook his head as if clearing those ideas from his mind for good and he continued. “Anyway, he takes me inside and closes the door behind us. He tells me to have a seat. There’s only one chair in the room, by the window, so I sit. There’s a little fridge over at one end that he grabbed beers out of. He took a glass out of the cupboard and poured one into it, says he doesn’t have any mugs so that would have to do.
“After that he brings me the beer and he sits down on his bed. He’s got a beer of his own so he cheers’ me and we drink and he starts asking me questions. Things like how long I’ve lived across the street. If my parents are still married. Do I have any brothers or sisters and how many.
“He asks me if I play little league baseball or soccer. What grade I’m in. Which school I go to. Just ordinary things. Like he wants to get to know me better. Like he wants to be my friend.
“Anyway I start asking him some questions too. You know, like where he grew up. I ask about his family and stuff too. He tells me that he’s twenty-eight years old. His parents died in a car accident when he was nineteen. Said they sort of had a lot of money-he didn’t say how much-but he got a bunch after they died. He joined the Army and got discharged after two years for something he didn’t want to talk about. After that he said he just started traveling from state to state, staying in places for a couple months at a time, living off the money his parents left him. I guess the Maherrin’s put an ad in the paper and when he read it he called them up and moved in. That’s how he ended up here.”
Steve looked around at us and then over his shoulder. Frisbee was still in the shade but he watched Steve as if he were just as engrossed in the story as we were.
Steve shut his eyes tight as if digging deep for a memory or, quite possibly, shutting one out and went on. “I’m just about finished with my beer by this time. I guess we’d been chatting for about ten minutes or so. Then all of the sudden, out of nowhere, he says to me, he says, ‘Hey, Steve. You got a girlfriend?’ I guess I was a little embarrassed. You guys know I don’t. Hell, Jason’s doing better than all of us. He’s got one.”
“No I don’t,” Jason said shyly. We knew Jason liked Amber Nelson but they were still young. They normally only saw each other at school. Meeting up at the pharmacy had been a total fluke.
Steve continued. “But I told him that I kind of did. I mean I don’t, but I told him I did. I didn’t want to look like a pussy in front of him, you know?
“So he tells me, ‘Oh, yeah. What’s her name?’ And I say the first thing that comes to mind. There’s this girl that was in my class that’s really pretty. Her name’s Megan Summer. So I said her name. I told him Megan. He just smiled at me at first and took another sip of his beer. Then he say, ‘Is she cute?’ and I said ‘of course.’ He takes another drink. He asks me how old she is and I say twelve. Then he gets all quiet and raises his eyebrows and asks me, ‘You ever see her tits?’ I mean, I didn’t know what to say. I thought he was just joking around with me. But I laughed and told him no. He looks at me real serious for a few seconds then say, ‘Have you ever seen twelve year-old tittie?’
“Now I’m just not feeling real comfortable there with him. But I told him no, I haven’t. He stares for a few more seconds then downs the last of his beer. He sets the can on a little table and gets down on the ground. He reaches underneath his bed and pulls out a cardboard box. When he opens it I see a stack of magazines. I don’t know what to think anymore.
“He took one magazine out and flipped it open to the middle, handed it to me and said, ‘Check it out.’
“On the page is a girl probably eleven or twelve years old and she’s naked. He grabs it from me and flips a couple of pages then gives it back. Now there’s a girl probably Jackie’s age and she’s lying down and she has her legs open.
“I wanted to get up and leave right then, but somewhere in my head I was thinking that it was still just a joke. That he was going to say, ‘Just kidding’ or something. Anyway he puts the magazine back and takes out another one. There are little girls in this one too, but they’re tied up. They have ropes around their legs and hands and balls taped into their mouths. All the girls look scared. Some of them are crying. He tells me, ‘Pretty sweet, huh?’ But I don’t answer him. He just kept taking out more magazines with these girls in them and handing them to me. The girls in some of the pictures are our age. Some of them are younger. I mean like four or five years old.
“After a few minutes I just couldn’t stand it anymore. I know we looked at those dirty magazines over in Dead Grove but those are women. Those are ladies. In the ones he had they were just kids. I’m sure they didn’t even know that they’d end up in a magazine like that.
“I know I heard somewhere that you needed to be at least eighteen to be naked in movies and magazines and stuff so these magazines that Mark had must have been illegal. Plus he’s a grown up. It’s just not right, you know?
“But then, what really grossed me out was he asked me, ‘Hey, Steve. You ever jack-off?’”
Steve paused for a moment, his cheeks red from either the sun or embarrassment and then said, to us, defensively, “I don’t. And that’s what I told him. I just said ‘no.’ He just sat there looking at me for a bit, like he’s checking me out or something, then he says, ‘You want me to show you how?’
“That’s when I got up from the chair. I took my glass over to his counter and set it down. Then as I’m walking to the door he says, ‘Hey, Steve, don’t say anything about this, okay.’ And then just as I put my hand on the doorknob to leave, he grabbed me by my hair, hard and pulled my head back. He got real close to my ear and whispered, ‘I mean it, Steve. You tell anyone and I’ll cut your fucking throat.’ Then he says, ‘And I’ll kill your mom and your brother and sister. And then I’ll kill your little faggot friends outside.’”
Again, Steve stopped. His hands seemed to be shaking some and although he wasn’t crying, his eyes had glossed over. “Then he let me go and I went out. That’s when I told you guys we needed to leave. You see? I wasn’t mad at you guys for anything. I just wanted to get the hell away from that pervert. I mean he’s a grown man looking at those pictures. He likes to see little girls tortured and hurt. And then as we’re walking down the side yard to leave, something flashed in my head, something that scared the shit out of me.”
He looked around at all of us again and whispered words that chilled us. 
“What if he’s the one that killed those girls?” 


FORTY
We stood, in silence, stunned. Surely Steve couldn’t be right. Mark had seemed like such a nice guy when we met him days before and inviting us over to shoot beer cans with him only ensured our admiration for him. We knew that Steve wouldn’t lie to us, especially about something like that. But why would Mark threaten to kill Steve’s family or us for that matter, unless he was hiding some dark secret?
The thoughts going through my mind at that time were: Could he really be the one that killed those girls? Could the guy next door really be the Sesame Street Killer? That sort of thing wouldn’t, couldn’t happen in our city, let alone in our own neighborhood.
But then again, of course it could. And it was. There was someone out there killing children, killing little girls and what better person to be doing it than the new stranger on the block.
Cory, said, “Well, shit, Steve, what are we gonna do? Shouldn’t we call the cops or something?”
“I don’t know,” Steve answered, after a moment. He bent back down and finished bagging up the pile of dead grass at his feet.
“Yeah,” Jason added. “He did threaten your life, man. And your family. And ours. I mean maybe Cory’s right. Maybe we should call the cops on him.”
Steve tied off his bag and shook open another. “Okay, say we do call the cops. What do we tell them, that the guy next door threatened to kill my family cause I wouldn’t jerk-off in front of him? Oh, and by the way he might be the serial killer you’re looking for.”
A massive, billowy cloud drifted in front of the sun, bathing us in cool shadow. It was almost a hundred by now and this small reprieve from the heat was a blessing.
“Yeah, but he’s got all those magazines over there,” Cory reminded him. “You said they were probably illegal. What if we tell them what he showed you? Maybe they could arrest him for that at least.”
Steve began bagging up another pile and Jason and I went back to the one we’d started. Cory stood where he was, hands on the rake.
“You don’t think he would have hidden or gotten rid of that box of filth by now, Cory?” Steve asked. “Hell, he could have burned them last night for all we know. Besides, he’s an adult. We’re just kids. You think the cop’s are gonna take our word over his?”
“But you also said that he could be the killer,” I rang in.
He looked over at me, exasperated. “I know. I said that but we don’t know. Just because I got this crazy idea that he’s the one that murdered those girls doesn’t mean that he is. I was just saying. We have no proof that he’s done anything. He may be a pervert but it doesn’t make him a killer.”
And Steve was right. We had proof of nothing. It was just a silly theory thought up by a group of children.
“Well, what do you think we should do then?” Jason asked.
After tying off another bag of yard waste, Steve said, “I don’t know. Nothing for right now, I guess. I think what we do need to do is keep an eye on him, though. See if we notice anything suspicious about him. But,” he added, “I still want us all to stay away from him. Don’t even go near that house. Got it? If he’s not a killer, he’s still a sick pervert. So we’ll just keep our distance, okay.”
We all made a silent vow that we wouldn’t go anywhere near Mark Payne again.
“Now, let’s get the rest of these piles cleaned up,” Steve ordered. “I’ve got someplace I want us to go.”
For the next half hour or so we worked in pairs, one guy holding a bag and the other filling it. Frisbee milled about, still getting used to Steve’s backyard. Every so often one of us would toss the tennis ball for him and he’d fetch it and bring it back to someone different each time. Just before noon, we had seven bags filled, tied off and placed on the side of the house next to the trash cans. They’d have to wait until next week to go out to the curb with the trash truck.
Steve’s backyard didn’t look spectacular but it was a major improvement from what we started with. The grass, though dead, was cut short and had a neater appearance to it. With enough time and water it might even come back to life. The trash and weeds had been plucked form the fence line and disposed of as well. His mom would be pleasantly surprised when she came home.
When Steve said there was someplace that he wanted to take us, we hadn’t asked where. Sometimes his surprises where worth the wait. But fifteen minutes after we left his house we found ourselves, once again, standing in front of the abandoned house on the corner of Fullerton and Magnolia.
We had brought Frisbee along with us and instead of walking up Cottonwood to Fullerton; the five of us had taken the path through Dead Grove. None of us had worried about going through the alley that ran next to the Maherrin’s house, though. Mark’s Mustang wasn’t parked at the curb which meant he was out somewhere and we wouldn’t run into him sneaking past the house. 
Frisbee kept up with us as we traveled the dirt path, running off twice to chase squirrels. At the end, we crossed Magnolia and walked through the dead field until we reached our destination: the abandoned house.
Or as local kid legend had it, the haunted house.
“Okay, what gives, Steve? We were just up here the other day. We’ve already explored around the house,” Jason reminded him.
“I know,” Steve said. “But I don’t want to explore around it again.”
We waited in silence for a second and I said, “Then what are we here for?”
He looked at me with a mischievous grin and then at Jason and Cory. “Gentlemen, today we go inside.”
Whoa. Hey. Hold on just a minute. Bad idea.
At eight I didn’t necessarily believe all the stories about that place, but it still had a creepy effect once you got near it, like it was somehow too empty and too quiet, if that makes sense.
The house had been sitting on that corner for years, dormant, falling into disarray, silent. But I always got the feeling that if someone entered inside, it would somehow come alive like a monster waking from a deep sleep and swallow them into oblivion. I knew it was just childish to think that way, but I was still just a child and ghosts and goblins hadn’t become entirely myth to me at that time.
“How do you suppose we’re going to get in?” Cory asked.
“Yeah, I mean, look at the door, Steve,” I said.
All the windows around the house had been sealed off with thick planks of plywood so anyone without a screw gun wouldn’t be able to gain access. The door on the other hand, looked like most front doors do; one big solid piece of crafted wood and one door knob. Only on this one there was a metal latch bolted to the frame and a padlock to keep out intruders.
“Oh, well,” I exclaimed. “Locked up like Fort Knox. I guess we better go on back.”
“Hold it,” Steve chided. “I brought my own key.”
We all looked at one another, confused.
From his back pocket, Steve extracted a small, six-inch adjustable wrench. The kind with a wheel set in the middle to lengthen or shorten the size of the jaws. He held it out for us to see, as if it were a trophy.
“What good’s that going to do?” Cory asked. “You can’t pick a lock with that.”
Steve, rolling his eyes, said, “No shit. But look close at the latch.”
We did. Whoever had boarded up the house had done an excellent job with the windows, but they were just a bit clumsy with the door.
One part of the hasp’s latch was a flat piece of metal with a ring in it, the other part had a hinge and was folded over the ring and the padlock was snapped into place there. Of course it should have kept people out, but on close inspection any idiot could see its flaw. It was the part of the hasp with the hinge that whoever had locked the place had overlooked.
The bolts holding it to the door were exposed.
Steve put the wrench’s mouth up to the first bolt head and turned the wheel, clamping it tight. “I noticed this when we came up here last time. I didn’t say anything because I wasn’t sure if I even had this wrench at home. But I found it this morning in a tool box my dad left behind in the garage.” At first it didn’t seem like it was going to budge, but he grunted and put some muscle into it and the bolt turned with a slight squeak. “There we go.”
The door wasn’t visible from the street so we didn’t have to worry about someone seeing us breaking in. Still, I said, “Hey, I don’t know if we should be doing this. What if someone catches us? I mean look at all the signs.”
There were official looking NO TRESSPASSING signs tack hammered around the house. One was even nailed dead center to the door where we stood. And just in case anyone was to miss those, someone had spray-painted the plywood windows with the same warning.
“I don’t see any signs. Do you, Jason? “Steve said.
“Nope,” Jason replied. “Do you Cory?”
Cory reached over Steve and tore the sign from the door, leaving part of the N from the word NO where it had been affixed to the wood. He stepped back and flung it like a disk out into the tall brown grass. Frisbee watched it sail away but like the previous day took no interest in the flying object. 
“I didn’t see nothing.”
Steve, done with the first bolt, pulled it out and put it in his front pocket. “Besides, no one can see us where we’re at,” he said, as he began work on the second bolt.
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, Ricky,” Jason assured me.
“I’m not afraid,” I shot back, I little too quickly.
“Yeah, don’t worry,” Cory added. “We’re all going to be together. Plus we got Frisbee here to protect us.”
He was right about the dog. Knowing that he would be by our side was a comfort. I knew he wouldn’t let any harm come to us. He sat at our feet, and with his beautiful golden eyes, watched Steve work. A fly buzzed his head and he snapped at it.
Steve put the wrench away into his back pocket and twisted the last bolt out with his fingers and put it in his front pocket with the other. He swung the now useless latch away from the door where it met its other half at the jamb. “Alright,” he said. “You guys ready for this?”
“Yeah. Open her up,” Cory said.
“Let’s see what’s inside,” Jason told him.
“I guess,” I added.
With that, he nodded to us, grabbed the doorknob and pushed but the door didn’t budge.


FORTY-ONE
Steve gave the knob a quick series of jiggles. He had breeched the padlock but our access had still been denied. “Crap. I didn’t even think that the doorknob would be locked inside too.” He shook his head in frustration.
“Oh, well,” I said. “Looks like we’ll just have to try some other time.”
I began to turn, hoping everyone would follow. I hadn’t really wanted to explore that spooky house in the first place but the others were determined to get inside.
Cory, his mouth twisted into a devilish smirk, said, “Screw it. Let’s kick the door down.” He proceeded to give it a succession of flat-footed kicks but by the fourth one Steve had placed a hand on his chest to get him to stop.
“Knock it off,” Steve commanded. “You’re making too much noise.
Cory took in our surroundings and looked back at Steve. “There isn’t any one around,” he protested.
“Yeah, but what if someone happens to walk by, huh? Ever think of that?”
There was a path that ran about thirty feet from the house that we all used when walking to school. Steve was right. If someone happened to be strolling it, they would hear us.
“Besides,” he added. “I think I might know another way in.
Great.
He led us around to the east side of the house where the attached garage was, Frisbee stayed close to my side the whole time and for that I was grateful. I think he may have sensed my apprehension about our home invasion.
When we reached the far side of the garage, Steve, hollered, “Check it out. Right here.”
He had stopped and was pointing to the bottom of the stucco covered wall. Weeds and trash lay scattered about on the ground and I thought he might be pointing to something lying among the rubbish, possibly some kind of tool he was planning to use to pry one of the sheets of plywood from its window.
But no such tool lay there. He had found an entrance to the house and I realized it when I truly saw where he was pointing. At the bottom of the wall was a rectangular hole that measured about eight inches by twelve inches. These were standard in most garages and were used to help ventilate exhaust fumes and other chemical vapors that could build up. Most times they had some sort of mesh screen that covered them to keep out pest. This one either never had one or it had been kicked in by vandals long ago. It was a gaping hole with darkness beyond.
“You know where that hole goes to?” Steve asked us.
We all thought and it was Jason who came up with the winning answer. 
“To the garage?”
“Right,” Steve said, pointing at him like a game show host.
“Okay,” Jason asked, “but what good is that going to do us? I thought we wanted to get into the house, not the garage.”
“Yeah, we will. Because if it’s like our houses, then there will be another door in the garage that leads inside. You see?”
I bent down and began petting Frisbee, shooing away a persistent gnat.
Jason, said, “Even so, none of us is small enough to fit through there. I’m too big. So are you and Cory.”
I scratched Frisbee under his chin and under his chest and then ran my hand down his back, sending dust adrift on the warm breeze. Everything had gotten quiet all of the sudden and I had the distinct feeling I was being stared at. Looking over my shoulder I found the other boys glaring down at me, smiling.
Confused, I asked, “What?” Then I realized what they had concocting. “Oh, no. Come on, guys. No way!”
“You’re the only one that will fit through the hole, Jason explained. “You won’t get stuck.”
It wasn’t getting stuck that had me worried. It was the part about being alone, inside with the ghosts that I didn’t like. I hadn’t really been looking forward to going inside the house with the guys in the first place, now they wanted me to go in solo.
“No way. Forget it,” I protested. I gave Frisbee one more scratch on his muzzle and stood up and crossed my arms.
Coming over to me, Steve put his arm around my shoulder. And although the five of us were alone by the house, he leaned in close, as if we might be overheard, his long hair tickled as it brushed my neck.
“Come on, Ricky. Help us out, huh?” He pleaded.
“I’m not going in there alone,” I told him.
“Why not? What’s the big deal?”
I kept quiet for a moment, embarrassed to tell them the truth, but finally relented. I was glad he was close and I whispered so only he could hear. “The ghosts. They’ll get me.”
With a sigh, he said, “There’s no such things as ghosts.”
Jason and Cory looked at each other and burst out laughing.
Thanks for being so discreet, Steve.
“Ghosts,” Cory chuckled.
“Besides,” I added, “it’s dark in there. What if I trip and break my leg?”
Steve only smiled, shook his head. From his right front pocket he produced a Zippo lighter. In one fluid motion he flipped open the top with his thumb and rolled it down over the wheel to set it alight. “You can use this.”
He flipped the lid shut with a clack, extinguishing the flame, and handed it to me. I turned it over in my hand, feeling its weight. On one side there was an inscription: Jacob Hanel.
“This is your brother’s,” I said.
He nodded. “Yeah, I swiped it from his dresser this morning. I thought we might need it up here.”
I stared at the lighter long and hard as the others stared at me. Frisbee stared out into the vast golden field behind the house, as if longing or waiting for something there. Birds lilted about.
“Come on, Ricky. Go through and unlock the front door for us,” Steve begged.
Jason walked over and put his hands on my shoulders. “Do it for us, huh. We won’t let anything happen to you, little brother. Will we guys?”
They all agreed that they would not and finally, I relented.
“Alright. I’ll go. But Frisbee goes in with me. He’s small enough to fit.”
Now they looked at one another, smiling. They had gotten me to agree to go inside, scared as I was. But we were bros and we did stuff like that for one another. And with Frisbee by my side, I knew I’d be safe.
“Okay,” Steve said. “Take him with you if you want.”
“Yeah. He’ll protect you from the ghosts,” Cory added.
“Shut up, Cory,” Jason told him with a soft backhand to the chest.
I got on all fours, low to the ground like Frisbee. I put my legs through first and slid back a little on my belly. I had to suck in my gut a bit to get my stomach through and when I inhaled it felt as if the hole had closed around my chest. I felt a slight wave of claustrophobia as I lay half in and half out of the garage. 
“I think I’m stuck,” I said, panicked.
“Relax,” Steve told me. “Just let all the air out of your lungs when I say, okay?”
I nodded as best I could. A picture formed in my head of a decrepit corpse loping around in the darkness behind me, grabbing my legs and pulling me to my death.
“I don’t think I want to do this,” I whined.
“You’ll be fine,” Steve assured me. “Now, when I say, let all the air out, alright?”
  Again, I nodded. Steve placed both of his hands on my head. “One-Two-Three-Now.”
I let my breath go and he shoved me the rest of the way through with neck popping force. I hit my chin on the mud seal but not hard enough to break any skin.
Once inside, I quickly got up and looked around but all was dark. The small hole I had gone through provided my only light. Soon enough, Frisbee had his head through.
“Come on, boy,” I encouraged. “You can do it.”
He gave a yelp and pushed his way in, going sideways at his torso. Once he was by my side I grabbed his neck and hugged him.
“Alright,” I said to the guys outside. “Hand me the lighter.” I stuck my arm through the vent hole until I felt the cool metal in my hand. When I brought it through I thumbed the igniter wheel and sparks shot out, lighting the garage momentarily like a camera flash, but no flame grew.
Oh, please don’t be out of fluid, I thought. Steve had just lit it outside. It couldn’t be dry yet.
Once more I rolled the wheel and this time the flame caught. The darkness retreated and light crept in. It had smelled a little stale and rancid when I first popped through and I discovered the source of the stench in the light. On the ground, three feet away, Frisbee was sniffing at what appeared to be tiny pink alien bodies. Upon closer inspection I saw that they were actually baby birds lying there on the cold cement. There were four of them and each had big, milky gray eyes and their beaks were all open, stuck in an eternal chirp.
They were dead.
From above them, in the rafters, a mud nest had been built close to the beams. A swallow poked its small, dark head out, turning it form side to side, studying Frisbee and me. I wondered why she had kicked her babies out of her nest. Could she not feed them? Was there not enough room in her little mud home? Had she just stopped loving them?
“You okay in there?”
I looked down to see Jason at the vent, a cast of concern plastered to his face.
“Yeah,” I said dryly.
“Well then go see if you can get inside to unlock the front door.”
Slowly I turned form the mother bird and carefully walked to the garage door, trying to keep the Zippo lit, trying to keep my fingers form getting burnt. Looking back to make sure that Frisbee was following me, I noticed his eyes once more. Only now they were more magnificent than ever. Out in the sunlight they had looked like gold coins. In here, by the Zippo’s flame, they glowed; two glowing orbs above his nose that seemed to blaze with a fire of their own. I could have stayed there for hours looking into them. All my fear had vanished.
But I knew the guys were waiting on me and reluctantly I turned back to the task at hand. Stepping in front of the door I grabbed the knob knowing it too would be locked. Instead, to my surprise, it turned easily and as if it had been oiled recently, swung toward me without a sound.
More darkness lay beyond.
I crossed the threshold, dog at my heels, flame held high. Directly in front of me was a kitchen that looked as if it hadn’t seen food in decades. To the right of that was a hallway that seemed to lead off into eternity. All the carpet and pad had been torn out but old, crumbling tack strip lined the wooden floor near the base boards. To the right of the hallway were a living room and a foyer. The front door was located in the latter.
I moved a little more aptly now and the flame threatened to go out. The lighter grew hot in my hand as I reached for the doorknob. There was a simple finger turn on this side and I twisted and unlocked it. I flipped the Zippo closed before it had a chance to scald me, turned the knob, but like before, the door still wouldn’t budge.


FORTY-TWO
I stood, once again, enveloped in darkness, on the verge of panic. Flipping open the lighter again, I put my thumb on the spark wheel to fire it back into life, but it was beyond hot and I only managed to singe the opposable digit. I let out a sharp cry as I dropped it to the ground. It bounced away and snapped shut with the sound of a pistol hammer being cocked. My thumb felt as though it had been stung by a wasp and I jammed it in my mouth to soothe it.
Now I was even more frightened. With my hand on the doorknob I twisted and pulled again.
Nothing.
I hadn’t heard anything from the guys on the other side of the door and wondered if they had even walked around from the garage yet. They sure were taking their sweet time.
Or had they left me? Had they decided to play some cruel joke on me and gone back home, leaving me with the ghosts?
But I wasn’t alone. I had Frisbee with me. 
“Frisbee? You there boy?” I whispered.
For a moment I thought he too had abandoned me until I felt something cold and wet brush the back of my leg. I almost let out another cry before I realized he had licked me, letting me know he was still at my side.
I let go of the knob and squatted down and grabbed him around the neck, holding onto the bandana that Steve had tied there. I pulled him close, feeling safer. He licked my face as I felt around for the lighter, but it was gone, lost in the dark. I couldn’t open the front door and I really didn’t want to have to feel my way back to the garage to get out, so we stayed put and hoped for rescue from the others.
And like an answered prayer I finally heard them.
“Hey, Ricky, you inside yet?” It was Jason. They had come around to the front.
“Jason,” I called out. “I unlocked the door but it still won’t open.”
I heard the handle being jiggled back and forth and it made me think of chain glad ghosts. Frisbee whined once as he heard the guys out front.
“Is there another lock on it? Like a latch or a chain or something?” he asked, his voice muffled by the door.
“I don’t think so.”
“What do you mean you don’t think so? Can you see one or not?” It was Steve asking this time.
“I can’t see anything. I dropped the lighter. It’s pitch black in here.”
Steve, sounding a bit worried, asked, “You didn’t lose it did you?”
“No. It’s by my feet somewhere. I just can’t see it. Come on guys, get me out of here.”
“Alright, hold on,” Steve said. “Step back from the door.”
The handle rattled back and forth as it was turned. Then something thumped against the door and another thump and then a third. The door screeched a bit and sounded ready to give. One final shove and it opened, spilling in the blessed sunlight.
“Just a little tight in its frame,” Steve explained, panting. “The wood might have swelled from the rain or something.”
I was very thankful to be out of the darkness and back into the light as if I were some kind of Bizarro vampire. Frisbee had made me feel safe while we were alone but having the guys back with us was quite a comfort as well.
Spotting the Zippo on the floor by a coat closet, Steve bent to retrieve it. We all moved into the living room area to get a better look at the interior of the house. At that moment, with the five of us standing there, I noticed that the place wasn’t all that scary after all. It was just a normal looking house, like ours. A bit empty and dirty, but surely it couldn’t be haunted.
The walls were trashed, holes having been kicked and punched into them. Above one of the holes someone had written: YOUR MOMS STINKHOLE! Graffiti art hung like diseased tumors from floor to ceiling. Bottles and cans and cigarette butts littered the hard-wood floor like dead soldiers. We now saw why the place had been boarded up. It was dry and crumbly and ready to fall in on itself.
A massive fireplace stood against the far wall that looked like it had puked up brown glass and black sludge from its brick mouth. Walking up closer to inspect it I could feel a cool breeze run past me and up through the chimney. The flu inside was open and it sucked air like a living beast.
Jason and Cory had moved on to the kitchen, checking inside cupboards and underneath the sink. Whoever had lived here last seemed to have taken everything with them. The place was bare except for the trash.
I walked past the two into a small laundry room. Two spigots hung from a wall where a washer could be hooked up. A door was set to the left that would have led outside had it not been boarded over. According to the legend, the fireman that had lived in this house had come home to find his wife just outside that door, lying in a pool of blood and glass. I shivered, envisioning the gory site and walked back to the living room.
Steve was walking slowly down the hallway, lighter held in front of him, Frisbee creeping behind. Their shadows were made animate by the flame and danced. We followed.
The first door we came to led into a bathroom with a shattered sink and a shattered mirror. The bathtub stunk and looked as though someone had used it instead of the toilet. Chunks of feces floated in murky brown liquid, a mouse hidden among the waste.
“Oh, gross,” Cory gasped and plugged his nostrils.
“Yeah, let’s go check out the other rooms,” Steve said, pointing down the hall.
We came to a bedroom next. Inside, like the living room, beer cans and cigarette butts lay scattered about. An old mattress sat in one corner, condoms littered its edges.
“I didn’t know your mom came up here, Cory,” Steve said as he turned back.
Cory gave him a light punch to the arm, almost causing him to drop the lighter. “Shut up.”
At the end of the hall was a master bedroom. We entered it and noticed that it had been cleared of all trash. This was the only room in the house that didn’t look partied in. Although clean, two objects were left behind: A chair and a battery powered lantern.
“Hey, cool. Jason, go see if that light works. This lighter is getting really hot.”
Jason walked over and turned the lantern over searching for a button or switch. He found one on the back and pressed a small rubber plunger and to our amazement it did work. Light washed through the bedroom almost blinding us. Steve snapped the Zippo shut and stuck it in his pocket, licked his fingers. I knew how he felt.
With the room illuminated, we noticed two more doors, one leading into another bathroom at one end and one leading into a walk-in closet at the other. Cory looked into the empty closet and said, “Whoa, I bet this is where that fireman hung himself.”
“That’s just a made up story,” Jason told him.
“Well come here, then. Check it out,” Cory challenged.
We went over to the closet and stood inside. There was no ceiling, just rafters. And, there would certainly have been plenty of room for someone to tie off a rope and end their life in it.
“See?” Cory said. “I bet he even used that chair right there to stand on. How much you want to bet?”
Steve shook his head and sighed. “And then what? He just kicks the chair out into the middle of the room while he chokes to death?”
“Well, I don’t know. Maybe,” Cory said back. “Maybe whoever found him hanging moved it out. Ha. Ever think of that?”
Again, Steve shook his head. “Whatever. Like Jason said, it’s nothing but a story.”
Cory rolled his eyes. If he was trying to spook us it hadn’t worked. Instead he went up to the chair and gave it a kick with the sole of his shoe. It went tumbling across the room and almost collided with the lantern.
“Hey, watch it,” Steve scolded him. “You almost broke the light.” When he looked back to the spot where the chair had sat he cocked his head and stared, his eyebrows growing together as he focused more intently on the wooden floor. Creeping over, he bent low. He gazed down at a stain, a dark maroon color.
“What is it?” I asked. “Paint?”
“No,” he answered. “Everything’s painted white in this room, not red. It looks like blood.”
Now it was starting to get creepy again.
“Blood? How do you know?” I asked.
“Cause I know what dried blood looks like, that’s how,” he told me.
“I bet it’s the wife’s blood,” Cory began rambling. “The fireman’s wife. When he came home that day, he found her outside on a broken table and he dragged her inside and-”
“Alright, Cory,” Steve said. “We all know the story. It’s not the wife’s blood. That’s just a bunch of bullshit. Now shut up!”
Cory fell silent for a few seconds, looking embarrassed. “Well, I’m just saying.”
Frisbee came up on Steve’s side and sniffed at the stain, whined. As his hand went down to touch it the dog halted him with a bark. Steve looked at Frisbee and said, “What?”
He barked again and trotted over to the bedroom door, stopped and looked back at us. We all watched him, wondering what it was he was doing. At the threshold he gave another bark, louder this time and I don’t know, maybe it was just me-I was well aware of the fact that dogs couldn’t talk-but I swear the sound he produced almost sounded like; come! Or maybe it was the feeling of the sound.
We looked at each other, not moving and Frisbee gave us a few seconds before starting in again.
BARK. BARK. BARK. BARK.
Come. Come. Come. Come.
“Shhh,” Steve pleaded. “Come on, Fris. Quiet down. Someone might hear. You’ll get us in trouble.”
He padded back over and clamped his jaws on Steve’s shorts, tugged, let go and gave another bark; come!
Steve looked at us and we stared in wonder at the dog. “Let’s go, guys. I think Frisbee smells trouble or something.”
So we made our way out of the bedroom and back into the hallway. Back out into the filthy living room and into the entryway. But just before we stepped outside, Steve said, “Shit, we forgot to turn that lantern off.”
“I got it,” Cory said and jogged back down the hall to the room. He came back with it in his hands, the light jumping from floor to ceiling as he moved.
“Turn it off so it doesn’t kill the battery,” Steve told him.
Cory stopped in front of us, a big grin on his face. 
“Oh, I’ll turn it off alright.” He turned and threw it as hard as he could toward the fireplace. It sailed, in slow motion, across the room and when it collided with the bricks it exploded into a hundred pieces. 
We stood there looking at him, mouths agape.
“What did you do that for?” Jason asked.
“Yeah, we could have kept it,” I said.
Steve, looking disgusted once again, shook his head at Cory’s stupidity. “Damn, Dayborne, why do you always have to do stuff like that?”
Cory, of course, just laughed.
Outside, Steve was able to get the door shut, though it took a couple of good pulls to do it. He put the hasp back into place and set the bolts in their holes and said, “Come on.”


FORTY-THREE
Leaving the abandoned house behind, we walked toward the dirt path and then crossed over Fullerton.
“We going to the Tree?” I asked
“Nope,” Steve said with a shake of his head. “I don’t know about you guys but I’m dying for something to drink.”
Instead of cutting into the field, we walked along side of it, up Magnolia, the new construction site where Jason and I had collected bottles to our right. It was Sunday and the area was deserted and silent. A big hulk of a metal trailer sat at one end of the lot. I figured it must have been were Rod, the bearded giant, resided.
Just a bit uphill of the Magnolia Glen site, there stood a dozen or so small building, painted beige. Neat manicured lawns and well trimmed rose bushes surrounded them. This was the school for mentally challenged children.
Peppermint Ridge also housed some of the children with really severe handicaps. Children with autism and Down’s syndrome and other obstinate learning disabilities could live at the school and be looked after by caregivers if their parents had the money and lacked the patients to raise them at home.
Jamie Manning (the girl who had peed on the sidewalk by our hillside when Jason and I had been pulling weeds), went to school there. Sometimes, during the fall and spring months, while we walked to Stallings Elementary, we would see Jamie’s father George walking her to Peppermint Ridge. And although the Ridge was a private school and wasn’t part of the Corona-Norco Unified School District, George Manning did the grounds keeping there as well, free of charge, to get a break on tuition fees for his daughter.
Back on our side of Magnolia, Jason said, “So, where are we going? To the pharmacy for a soda? Cause Ricky and I don’t have any money on us.”
“That’s okay,” Steve said. “I didn’t bring any money either. But where we’re going we won’t need money.”
For a second no one spoke. We wondered where it was he could be leading us. Finally, Cory asked. “So where then?”
As we reached the drive entrance to Corona Community Hospital, Steve said, “To get some iced tea.”
We knew just what he meant. We hadn’t done it for quite some time, but the summer before we had all gone inside the hospital and to the cafeteria to get free iced tea. Though they charged their staff and visitors for food, iced tea was always free.
We were heading through the parking lot and toward the main entrance when Jason said, “Hey, what are we going to do about Frisbee? He can’t go inside with us.”
“You’re right,” Steve said. “I wish we had brought a rope or something to tie him up with.”
Frisbee kept pace with us like a champ, though he panted the whole way. The temperature had to be a hundred and three, easy. I thought about his paws and if they might be getting burned from the black-top as he strolled along the tacky surface, but he seemed to manage.
“He’ll be alright outside by himself,” Cory suggested.
It was probably true. The dog seemed to have taken quite a liking toward us. I sure didn’t think he would run away but Steve protested. 
“No. I don’t want to leave him alone out here. What if someone were to find him and take him to the pound?”
Frisbee jerked his head sideways at the mention of the word pound as if he knew just what it meant.
“How about we play rock, paper, scissors to see who stays outside with him?” I suggested. I was a champ at the game, or so I thought, and wouldn’t be easily beaten. Steve seemed to mull over the idea but in the end he shook his head. 
“No, I’ve got a better idea. Cory, you stay out here with him.”
At the mention of his name, Cory stopped in his tracks, dumbfounded. “Me? Why me? I’m just as thirsty as you guys are.”
“Because,” Steve said, “you broke the lantern back at that house. We could have kept it and used it sometime. So, for that, you get to stay out here, in the heat, while we go inside, where it’s cool.”
“Man, this is horse shit,” Cory spat and jogged to catch back up.
Steve put a hand on Cory’s neck and said, “You gonna whine about it or are you going to be good and stay with Frisbee?”
Looking as if he wanted to boil over, he finally said, “Fine. Just hurry up, okay.”
All of us smiled, knowing that sooner or later he’d learn not to be such a destructive jerk. We walked around the side of the building to where the Urgent Care patients were brought in. The entrance there was simple and plain unlike the main entrance that had a reception desk and a small gift shop. Steve, Jason and I headed inside and a cool rush of air hit us full force. 
“Bring me back a tea,” Cory yelled to us, standing at the door with Frisbee. Steve waved over his shoulder as it automatically slid shut behind us.
Inside, to the right, was the waiting room for Urgent Care. There was enough space in there to comfortably seat fifty people waiting to see doctors but on that day there were only about ten sitting apart from each other. One man sat in a corner holding his wrist, his thumb bent at an awkward angle. With his face drained of blood he gave off a look that said he might be unconscious before someone could tend to him.
In the middle of the room a woman sat, holding a bloody handkerchief to her swollen nose. Her eyes where the color of old prunes as if she’d applied too much of the wrong color make-up. I couldn’t be quite sure but from where we were it seemed as though she were mouthing the same word over and over: Bastard.
At the far end, a shirtless man waited in a chair with a belt tightened around his right leg like a tourniquet. The shirt that should have been on his back was wadded up in his left hand, drenched in blood. He was using it to mop up a nasty looking gash on his foot.
A few more sat and stood here and there. A lady with a crying toddler in her arms walked back and forth to soothe the child, a man with a taped up knee rested his rear in one seat and his leg in another.
It was a little morbid staring at these wounded people but we were curious kids and we had to look. It’s only natural to look at others in agony. You may be a little saddened for them but in the end you get a rush from the experience. And it’s also nice when you get to thank God that it’s not you in that room.
After getting our sick thrill form Urgent Care we moved on down the hallway. The floor tiles were white vinyl squares with amber smudge patterns throughout that made me think of egg drop soup. 
The walls were whiter than white and hurt your eyes if you looked at them for too long. The ceiling was acoustic squares with bright sodium tubes set every ten feet or so. The whole hospital smelled entirely too clean, if that were possible. It was supposed to, I guess. Like disinfectant, alcohol and ammonia, a little bleach.
There were doors spaced at varying intervals from each other. Some were right next to the other, while others had twenty feet of space between them. Bathrooms, janitorial supply closets and offices were common in the area we were in. There were other rooms, rooms with beds and monitors, at the south-east section of the building. We were on the opposite end next to the doctor’s offices.
We then came to an intersection of halls. A sign hanging from the ceiling informed staff and visitors that the nursery and radiology department could be found by taking a right, the gift shop and cafeteria by going left. We, of course, chose the latter.
“Alright you guys, let’s just be cool and not look out of place. We’re almost there,” Steve told us. 
We followed his instructions as best we could. We didn’t want to bring any unwanted attention to ourselves. The last time we had come here a nurse had stopped and interrogated us, wanting to know what business we had being at the hospital. When we finally admitted to her that it was just to get something to drink she gave us the third degree about children being where they shouldn’t and about others who were sick and needed their rest. We didn’t want to have the same thing happen again so we kept our mouths shut and slunk down the hall.
Once we reached the cafeteria we felt a bit easier. The dining room was pretty big. At least as large as the Urgent Care room and could probably seat just as many, though there were a few more people here than where back at the UC. Most of them were doctors and nurses and other staff members wearing white coats or light blue O.R. scrubs, the name badges on their breasts identified them for patients and visitors. Ten or fifteen people in street clothes sat around, enjoying the crappy food as well.
Only two people stood at the front of the food line paying for their meals and neither wore a white coat or blue scrubs and we took it as a good sign. The large metal cylinder full of tea stood on the counter halfway down the aisle. The trick was to get in, fill up and turn back around going out the way we’d come. The plan was simple; in and out in less than a minute.
We moved up the line past salads and wrapped sandwiches, past the fruits and gelatins, farther still past puddings and cookies until we came to the iced tea. Sweat ran down its cool silver surface. A blue sticker above the spout proclaimed that it was indeed the refreshment we had come for.
The Styrofoam cups sat stacked next to the container and Steve and I each grabbed one. Jason took two, thinking of Cory waiting outside in the heat. We filled them according to age and although I was last they stayed with me until I was done.
“Come on, Ricky. I think the guy at the end of the counter is getting suspicious,” Steve said without moving his lips.
“Okay, okay, I’m almost done,” I said. “There.”
We had four cups filled. All we needed now was to get back outside and we were golden. Turning back, we headed for the door and Steve nearly collided with two older ladies; one in a white coat and one in a blue smock. And as he jerked to a stop some of his tea slopped over the top of his cup and landed at their feet, just missing them.
“Hey,” white coat said. “Watch it!”
Steve looked at them for a moment and stammered. “Oh, uh, sorry.” We tried to squeeze past them but they closed ranks on us.
“You just hold it a minute, boys,” blue smock said. “What is it exactly that you’re doing in here?”
This was it. Same as had happened last time. Hell, it might have even been the same lady. At the very least we would get lectured by these two crones, or worse, they might call security on us.
I looked at Jason and he looked at Steve, shrugging his shoulders as if to say ‘Let’s see you get us out of this one, Hanel.’ Steve looked from Jason back to the ladies and said, “We…were…just…”
“Are you here visiting someone?” asked white coat, looking down her nose.
“Yes,” Steve said. “Well…what I mean is…” He was having trouble but kept trying. “We’re here with someone, but…”
“Are your parents here? Because children are not allowed on hospital property without proper adult supervision,” blue smock croaked. She then looked at white coat and asked, “What do you think, Gretta? Should we have these young men taken to security?”
White coat was just starting to nod her agreement when a voice boomed in from behind us. “They’re with me. It’s okay. They just got up to get us some more iced tea.”
We turned around to see who our savior was. Sitting in an orange chair a few feet away, an untouched hamburger in front of him was a giant of a man with a puffy, red beard.


FORTY-FOUR
We hadn’t noticed him when we first entered the cafeteria. We had been too focused on getting our drinks. And although Jason and I had only met him once-almost a week before at the Magnolia Glen construction site-we recognized Rod immediately.
The two older ladies now looked from the three of us, over to Rod and then back. White coat shook her head and pursed her lips. Blue smock closed her eyes and sighed. They then pushed their way through us as if we were snails they wouldn’t avoid crushing on a wet sidewalk. We stepped back to let them by and, managing not to spill any more of our drinks, we strode back down the empty lunch line and made our way to the dining area, over to where Rod sat.
“How goes it, boys?” he asked when we arrived at his table.
“Not bad,” Jason said, nodding his head. “How’s it going with you?”
Rod closed his eyes and shook his head. He seemed a little tired and out of it as if he were a bit sleepy. “Oh, I guess I’ve had better days. Who’s your friend?”
Jason turned to his right and said, “This is Steve. He lives across the street from us.”
“Hey, Steve. It’s nice to meet you,” Rod told him, glassy-eyed. “Come on, boys. Have a seat.” He was already seated at a table for four and he pulled out the chair next to him, pushed the two across from him out with his feet.
“Thanks,” Steve said. “But we can only stay a minute. We’ve got a friend waiting for us outside.”
“Two friends,” I corrected.
Steve looked at me, nodding his head in confirmation. “That’s right. Two friends.”
Jason sat down next to Rod and Steve and I sat down across from them. We all took long sips from our cups, quenching our thirst. When we were done and had set them down on the table in front of us, Rod asked, “So what are you guys doing here at the hospital? Y’all sick or something?”
Shaking his head and swallowing what was left in his mouth, Jason said, “Nah, we just came in here to get something to drink. We do it sometimes because the iced tea is free.”
“Yeah,” Steve added, “we were just out wandering around and decided to come in from the heat.”
As if this made perfect sense, Rod nodded and asked, “Are you allowed to do that? I mean from what that lady said it sounds like you’re not supposed to be in here without an adult.”
“I guess not,” Jason told him after another sip. “We just kind of mind our own business. Get in and get out before anyone notices.”
“Ever been caught?”
Steve smiled and said, “Just once. A while ago. But the lady just made us leave, told us not to do it again.”
“Sounds like you boys are very mischievous.”
“I guess,” Steve said.
We sat in silence for a time before it was my turn to ask a question. 
“So, how come you’re in here? Are you visiting someone or something?”
Rod looked at me long and hard with his watery eyes until I thought he’d stare a hole clean through me. It was starting to make me a bit uncomfortable, but finally he said, “Oh, I guess I had a little accident last night. Nothing big, though.”
“What happened,” I pushed.
“Hey, Ricky,” Jason broke in, giving me a look. “It’s not polite to ask people stuff like that. Maybe he doesn’t want to talk about it.”
“No, no. It’s okay,” Rod assured us. “He didn’t mean no harm. He’s just curious is all. Here take a look at this.”
He was wearing a green circus tent of a t-shirt that read: THIS IS THE HOUSE THAT BUDWIESER BUILT. He lifted it up high exposing his fat stomach and man boobs. I don’t think I had ever seen a man with breast before that day and I almost let out a bark of laughter. But my laugh was cut short as he twisted his body to show us his right side. Under his armpit was a bruise the size of a teacup saucer and the color of a grape juice stain. Instead of laughing, I sucked air in through my teeth, almost feeling his pain, and thought about the bruise Steve had in nearly the same spot.
“Good, God,” Steve cringed. “Did you break any ribs?”
Jason closed his eyes and shivered as Rod lowered his shirt back down. The big guy looked around, probably realizing that he had just exposed himself to three young boys in public. He winced once as he brought his beefy arm back to his side.
“That’s what they’re trying to find out right now. I came in a couple hours ago to Urgent Care and had some x-rays done. I think they might just be bruised. I broke ribs before and it hurt a hell of a lot worse than this does.”
Another moment of silence past between us and we used the break to drink more tea. That ugly purple bruise had left a bruise of its own in my mind and like he said, I was a curious boy. I needed to know more.
“How did it happen?” I asked. This time Jason didn’t get on me for being nosey. I think he and Steve wanted the details just as much as I did.
Again, Rod stared at me, looking tired. And again it made me uneasy. But we all looked back hoping he’d answer and finally he did.
“Well, you know how I told you boys that I stay in that trailer at the west end of the site? I was in there sleeping just like I always do and I guess it must have been around two or three this morning when I woke up. I had had a few beers last night but it’s okay because we didn’t have any work, today being Sunday and all, so I could sleep off a hangover if I had to.” He stopped for a second, looking up, as if trying to put the memory back together. He mouthed something none of us could hear and then continued. “Anyway, I’m not sure if I was half asleep and still dreaming but my eyes shoot open and I can hear a sort of scratching sound coming from the door. I get half way out of bed to try and listen better but the noise stops. I think it might be a raccoon or a stray dog trying to get in, gave up and went on its way.”
He looked down at the table now with that same look of searching, as if confused. “Oh, yeah. I figure that it’s given up and gone on its way so I lay back down in bed when all of a sudden; boom.” As he said it he pounded a massive fist down onto the table making our cups dance. We about jumped out of our seats and a few of the other diners looked in our direction, shook their heads.
“Sorry,” Rod said, grabbing my cup before it toppled over. “Anyway, something hit my door, hard. The whole trailer rocked back and forth. I jumped up and put my boots on and grabbed the ball bat I keep next to my bed. I go up to the door and say in a loud voice, ‘Whoever you are, I got a shotgun and I have every right to use it.’ I wait and listen and hear footsteps walking away from the trailer and someone yell F-you. Well now I know someone’s trespassing and I just can’t have that because part of my job is to keep people out of there that don’t belong. Especially at night.
“So I open up the door a crack and peek out. I don’t see anything and I open it up a little more, stick my head out. Just then I see someone walking into one of the houses across the way and so I follow. I go kind of slow so they can’t hear me. I got the bat cocked back like this, ready to swing and once I get up close enough to the house they went in, I stop and listen. I hear them inside, breaking bottles. I go in and see two of them. Wait? Was it one or two? No it was two? Sorry, boys, I was kind of still half asleep at that time and also the doc gave me something for the pain so my brain ain’t exactly working right.
“Anyway, I go inside and see two people standing there. It’s dark so all I see is two black figures. I yell, ‘What the hell’s going on here?’ Well right when I say that one of them runs out through the garage. But the other one,” he shook his head, staring up. “The other one throws something. I can’t tell what it is so I try to twist out of the way, try not to get hit in the head with it. But I feel it slam into me hard. He must have put everything he had into that throw, got me right here under my arm and knocked the wind right out of me.”
We sat, transfixed by his story, wondering if there was more.
“Did you find out who it was?” Steve asked. “Did you catch them?”
For a moment he only shook his head. “No. Damn punks got away. I couldn’t move for about two minutes.”
“Did you find out what it was that hit you?” Jason asked.
“Yeah. After it hit me in the side it fell on the foundation and broke. I smelled it right away. It was a beer bottle. You believe that? Just some punks getting drunk on my site.”
“Man,” Steve exclaimed. “Did you call the cops on them?”
He nodded now, slowly. “Yeah. I went back to bed because there ain’t no phone where I’m at. But I called from here, this morning, while I waited to see the doctor. I couldn’t give them a description so whoever it was will probably get away with it. Boy, I wish I could get my hands on them. I’d really clean their clocks if you know what I mean.”
“Sounds like you had quite an adventure last night,” Steve said.
“I guess I did,” Rod answered, sitting in deep thought again. “But boys, I’m sorry to have to tell my story and run. I got to go back and see if my x-rays are done. You kids stay out of trouble and come by for more bottles if you want. Hell I’ve got extra after last night. I’ll leave them out by the sign like last time.”
He stood up, wincing with the pain in his side. He said good-bye and went on his way.
“I think we should get going too,” Jason said. “Cory and Frisbee are waiting.”
“Okay, come on then,” Steve said.
We got up, heading for the exit and stopped at a trashcan just long enough to throw our empty cups in, Jason held onto the full one he was taking out to Cory.
Walking back down the hallway we came again to the intersection with the sign and were about to turn right to head back out when Steve said, “Hey, you guys want to got see the babies.”
Jason and I looked at him in confusion.
“Come on. Let’s walk down to the nursery and see if there are any newborns,” Steve added.
“What if we get caught?” I said. “Those ladies back there told us they’d call security on us.”
“Come on. Nothing’s going to happen. Just follow me and keep cool.”
“What about Cory and Frisbee?” Jason asked. They’ve been waiting for like fifteen minutes now.”
“Oh, they’ll be alright for a couple more minutes.”
He was right. A few more minutes out in the heat wouldn’t kill them. Plus, it was so nice inside that I really didn’t want to leave. And that’s all it took to convince me. It was almost worth the risk of getting caught. So, instead of taking a right, we headed farther down the hallway past Pediatrics and Maternity until we came to a large window set into a wall. On the other side of the glass was a spacious room painted pink and blue, ten basinets spread throughout. Inside four of them were small pink bundles wrapped in warm blankets. From the color of their skull caps we could tell there were three girls and one boy.
Less than a decade before I too had been in that room, separated from my mother for a short period while they ran tests and drew blood and removed a little excess skin from a vital appendage that even then I had grown rather fond of.
One of the girls began screaming only the way babies can, mouth wide, eyes shut, tongue vibrating.
“Oh, look at her. Poor thing,” I said.
Steve and Jason looked at me like I was pond scum.
“What?” I asked
“Ooh, wittle, Wickey. Feels sowwy for da itty baby,” Steve mocked. Jason began laughing like it was going out of style. “Want to take her home so she can suck on your boobie?”
“Hey, shut up!” I demanded and began laughing myself. “You’re the one that wanted to come here to look at them. Maybe you want to have one. Stevey weevey, want to get pregnant and have a wittle chubby wubby…”
“Hey,” a voice shouted. “Now what are you boys up to? Causing trouble down at this end of the hospital, now?”
It was one of the older ladies from the cafeteria that Steve had nearly dumped his tea on. It was blue smock.
“Uh oh, guys,” Steve whispered, turning from the window. “Come on. Follow me.” Slowly we began strolling away from her and deeper into the heart of the hospital.
“Don’t you boys walk away from me! You get back here right this instance!” she screeched.
At that command, the three of us began to walk faster, trying to put distance between ourselves and the self righteous bat behind us. Jason still held onto Cory’s cup of tea and was having a bit of trouble not splashing it everywhere.
She may have looked to be around sixty years old, but she was spry for her age as she began chasing us down the hall.
“You stop right now or I’ll call security!”
That did it. There was no turning back now. We came to a three-way intersection this time and Steve said, “Split up.” He and Jason, breaking into a run, went right. I took the left and at once felt as though they had abandoned me. But I knew we would be harder to track down if we separated ourselves.
Just as I turned the corner I heard blue smock scream, “Security!” and instantly the four babies began screaming themselves. 
I jogged down the hall until I came to another intersection where one could either keep going straight or turn right. Stopping, I looked back just in time to see Steve move left down a hallway and Jason go right. Now each of us was alone.
A moment later blue smock reached the intersection were the three of us had parted ways and looked directly at me.
“Don’t you dare move, young man! You stay right…”
Hell, I had nothing to lose. I took the hallway to the left at a light jog. Halfway down I knew I’d get caught unless I hid somewhere. Twenty feet away, a door stood half open and I took my chances with it. I went in, closed it behind me leaving just an inch of a gap so I could see out if need be. Standing to one side, so she wouldn’t see me as she passed, I caught my breath. The room was dark but the crack in the door gave me just enough light to make out a single bed, a chair and some sort of monitor with a green light bouncing up and down on it. I could hear someone or something breathing. It sounded big and at first I thought of dragons and Darth Vader. But I knew that I was in a hospital room and that dragons and guys in black helmets were only in movies.
After a moment of getting used to the breathing sound I felt a little less anxious and became a little more curious. So, slowly I walked toward the bed to investigate. A small boop boop sound came from the monitor every time the green line rose and fell. Closer I got to the bed and closer still in the darkness. A sliver rail ran down the length at its side and I grabbed onto it to look down at the mattress and saw what looked to be a very tiny old man.
All the wind left me in a rush and my guts knotted as the name left my lips.
“Donald.”


FORTY-FIVE
On Friday, the fourth, after the fireworks show, we had been heading inside when we had seen the ambulance stop at the Miller’s house up the street from us. Donald had been taken away after suffering a seizure and almost dying. He had most likely been lying in this very bed, after having been stabilized by the paramedics and looked over by doctors, ever since.
After gaining my breath back, I stared at him for a long time, the old lady in the blue smock forgotten. The breathing sound that I had heard upon entering the room came not from a slumbering dragon but from a machine sitting on a wheeled cart on the far side of the bed. A black, rubber plunger rose and fell and pushed oxygen through a tube shoved up and through Donald’s nose. Just looking at it made my eyes water. A similarly small tube ran from an I.V. bag into his wrist. Wires attached to circular disks and placed at different points of his body led back to the beeping monitor.
When Jason and I had peeked into his bedroom window a week before we could see his eyes rolling in his skull and limbs twitch under his bed sheets. Now, he laid motionless, mouth slack. He looked pathetic days before. Here, he looked like nothing more than a warm corpse.
“Hey, Donald. Man, you don’t look so good,” I told him. I have no idea why I said it or if he could even hear me. I figured he probably couldn’t. And though it was pure coincidence that I had ended up in his room, I almost felt compelled to talk to him.
How long had it been since he’d heard another child’s voice? How long had it been since he’d heard anyone’s voice for that matter? Did his parents talk to him at home while they changed his sheets or came in to make sure he was still breathing? Had they given up and accepted the inevitable?
These questions ran through my head as I envisioned what a sad and horrific life this little boy had lived, this boy who was no older than I was, this boy who was already at the end of his.
It sent chills up my arms.
What went on in his brain as he lay there? Did he know what was happening to him? Was he dreaming? And if he was, was it of a better life? Were they happy dreams or sad dreams?
Where they dark dreams?
What if he were being tormented in his coma by dark, screaming figures, wearing away his mind the same way Canavan disease had worn away his physical brain?
That was no way to go out. Surely he deserved better than that. It wasn’t his fault that he was born the way he was. It was nobody’s fault, although some people might place blame at God’s feet while others would argue that He gave us a will of our own and does not intervene in our lives, only guides us if asked.
I reached through the railing and placed my hand on top of his, careful not to jar the I.V. line. Even though we were the same age my hand dwarfed his. Having been bed ridden for the last two years, his muscles had atrophied immensely and become almost non existent.
I thought of the time, back in kindergarten, when I had pushed him on the swings and it brought a small smile to my lips, a little hope to my heart. Hope that wherever he went to next, it would be better than here.
Pu me. Pu me high.
“Once upon a time there was this beautiful dog,” I began, not knowing where these words were coming from, only knowing that a story needed to be told. All children loved stories and I wondered how long it had been since someone had told him one. “All the children in the neighborhood loved this dog. He wasn’t a big dog and he wasn’t a mean dog. He was the kind of dog that every boy in the world would want.
“The dog liked to fetch sticks and bring them back to whoever had thrown them for him. He wore a scarf around his neck instead of a collar because no one owned him. But he was everyone’s friend and all the kids got to play with him. They would all take turns throwing a stick deep into the thick green grass of a field, and watch as the dog hopped away after it. There was an old dry well at one end of the field and the kids were careful to throw the sticks in the other direction, so no one would fall in.
“One day, while the children and the dog were playing fetch, a big, green ogre came up to them and said, ‘This is my field, now. You kids get lost and don’t come back. And take your mutt with you.’
“And the children said, ‘But we’ve always played here. What makes you think you can take our field from us?’
“The ogre told them, ‘Because I’m bigger than you. And I’m stronger than you. And I keep my gold at the bottom of the well and if anyone tries to take it, I’ll eat them up, yum.’
“The children were scared of the ogre. They didn’t want to get eaten, but the dog looked back at the ogre because he wasn’t scared. The kids ran off, calling his name, so he followed them.
“The next day the children decided to go back to the field. They weren’t going to let the ogre bully them. Besides it was their field, they had found it first.
“When they got there they saw the ogre sleeping next to the well and so they began to play catch with the dog. Things went okay for a while but they began to make too much noise and the ogre woke up.
“’I thought I told you kids that this was my field?’ the ogre said.
“One of the kids shouted, ‘You can’t make us leave. We were here first.’
“’You asked for it,’ yelled the ogre. And it scooped up the children and put them down in the well. ‘Now you can stay there until I’m hungry. Then I’ll eat you up, yum.’
“But the dog had gotten away. He was sad because the ogre had taken the children but he knew what to do. 
“That night he went back down to the field and saw the ogre sleeping by the well once again. The children were crying inside, yelling for help. So the dog took off his scarf and put it between his teeth. Then he lowered it down so the children could grab onto it. One by one he pulled them out, each child’s pocket full of the ogre’s gold.
“Once they were safe and out of the well, it was time to take care of the ogre. So one of the kids took the dog’s scarf and tied it around the ogre’s eyes. Then he took the dog’s stick and hit the ogre on top of the head to wake it up.
“’Who’s playing in my field?’ the ogre yelled.
“And the kids shouted back, ‘It’s us, the children. And this is our field and we have your gold.’
“This made the ogre very angry. It stood up and said, ‘Where are you? It’s too dark. Come out where I can see you. Come out so I can eat you up, yum.’
“’We’re over here,’ said the children and the dog began to bark to get the ogre’s attention.
“When the ogre headed toward the sound of the children and the dog, it stumbled and fell into the well.
“All the children laughed and hugged the dog and thanked him for saving them.
“’Now we can play in our field again and that mean old ogre won’t bother us,’ one of the kids said.
“The children took the gold home to their moms and dads and made them all very rich. They even bought a new scarf for their beautiful dog.
“As for the ogre; after a while it started to get very hungry. It didn’t have any food down in the well so it had to start eating itself.
“First, it ate its feet up, yum. Then it ate its legs up, yum. Then it ate its hands and arms up, yum. Until there was nothing left.
“The end.”
I paused a moment, done speaking, wondering were that story had come from. Had I been told it before or had I just made it up? It had come out so smoothly, as if it had always been in my head and just needed to be spit out.
But why Donald?
Because I was here and he was here.
Taking my hand away from his, I said, “Donald? I hope I get to see you again someday. I know we didn’t really get to become friends, but I’ll pray for you tonight. And for your mom and dad.”
A thought occurred to me then; what if his mom and dad were here, at the hospital? I had seen television shows were little kids got hurt or sick and their parents always sat in a chair by their hospital beds until they got better. What if his parents came in to find me standing over their son? They’d flip out is what would happen. And since his mother had called our mother the day we peeked into his bedroom, I couldn’t afford to be caught by her again.
“Bye, Donald,” I said and walked through the darkened room to the door. I poked my head out and looked up and down the hall. The coast was clear.


FORTY-SIX
No one stopped me or gave me any problems on the way out. I went the same way we’d come in, by Urgent Care. The guys were sitting on a low painted wall at the north end of the parking lot, Frisbee at their feet. Cory was just tossing his empty Styrofoam cup onto the ground when I walked up.
Although I had only been separated from Steve and Jason for a few minutes, I had thought they would have all left me behind and been back on Cottonwood by the time I got out of the building. But I had underestimated them. They wouldn’t have bailed out on me. That’s not what pals do. We had always looked out for one another as best we could and I felt a twinge of shame for even thinking that they would leave me.
“Damn,” Steve said, standing up. “We were getting worried. We thought that old broad got you.”
“Naw,” I muttered trying to avoid eye contact. I wasn’t sure right then if I should mention my encounter with Donald. The story I had told him seemed sort of personal; something that only he and I should share. Though if he had even actually heard it…
We headed out to Magnolia and began walking back toward our houses, staying on the same dirt shoulder we had used for our walk up.
“So what happened, Ricky?” Jason asked. “When you turned down that hallway and I saw that lady chase after you, I thought you were a goner.”
Steve said, “Yeah, when I said split up, I thought Jason would go off by himself and you and I would stay together. Hide out or something, you know?”
“I found a place to hide,” I told them, staring down at my feet while we walked. Frisbee had trotted out into the field at our right and was scaring birds into flight out of the tall, yellow grass. The bandana tied around his neck made me think of the story I had just told. It was Frisbee I had thought of when I described the dog in the tale.
“It must have been a pretty good hiding spot since no one found you,” Jason said. “Me, I just turned down another hall and went back outside with Cory and Fris. Steve came around from the back about a minute later.”
“When I went the other way, I didn’t know where I was at first,” Steve explained. “I had to take a few different halls until I found a door with an exit sign over it. When I went outside I was near the helicopter pad. I could see Stallings so I knew I was behind the hospital. I caught up to Jason and Cory and Fris just as they were walking out to the street. I thought they were leaving us behind.”
“Naw,” Jason said. “We were just going to wait over at the wall. That way if that lady or the security guard came out we could get away and would be able to see you guys come out too.”
“A couple more minutes and we were going to go back inside to look for you, Ricky,” Steve told me, putting a hand on my shoulder. “We wouldn’t have left without you. You know that, right?”
I nodded. It reassured what I had thought the moment I saw them there on that wall, waiting.
“No man gets left behind,” Steve affirmed in a militaristic tone.
“I saw Donald,” I said quietly. They were my friend after all and I decided I wouldn’t keep that from them.
The guys were silent for a moment and I thought that they hadn’t heard me. I looked up at them to say it once more when Cory said, “Donald Miller? Come on.”
“I did,” I told them with a straight face.
The four of us stopped at the corner of Magnolia and Fullerton and Steve gave one of his two fingered whistles to get Frisbee to come to us. The dog’s head immediately shot up from the grass and looked around until he found us. Bounding over, he met us at the intersection. As we crossed the street toward the construction site and then over Fullerton to Dead Grove, I told them how once we were separated I had run down the hall, away from them, and found the open door to Donald’s room. I explained that at first I was just looking for a janitor’s closet or something to hide in but once inside heard the breathing of the ventilator and found him, in bed, with tubes and wires sticking out of his body. I left out the part about the story of the dog and the ogre. Even though they were my friends, that story was for Donald only.
“That’s crazy,” Steve said. “I feel bad for his parents. It sucks that their only child has to go through that. And, that they have to go through that too.”
We all nodded in agreement as we turned down the back trail through Dead Grove. I thought then how all those rows of trees must have looked long ago when Corona was new, bright, green and sunny. Oranges as big as softballs making the branches droop. What had happened to the grove? Had something killed it off? Had the owner just given up and cut off its life giving water supply? Was there a way to bring them back to life or were they gone forever? Or had they grown that way, dead?
Frisbee charged up one of the dilapidated rows in search of something to chase; a squirrel or lizard perhaps. Jason picked up a rock and threw it as far as he could down the trail where it landed in a puff of dust. I kicked at a stick that sent dirt up onto my shoe.
“Did you tell Cory that we saw that guy Rod at the hospital?” I asked Jason.
Jason smiled and said that he had. While they were waiting for me in the parking lot, Jason had told them about our trip to Magnolia Glen the Monday before as well.
“I was telling him about that day when you and I went up to the construction site and he caught us collecting bottles in one of the houses. Cory remembered that you found that shoelace up there and now he’s got a theory of his own.”
When Steve had read the second newspaper article to us at the Tree it had said that the first girl’s body had been found with a shoelace around her neck. We had assumed that she had been strangled by the missing shoelace from the package I had found on the stack of dry-wall in the house at Magnolia Glenn.
“Theory, hell,” Cory spat. “I mean the guy is new in town. He’s the foreman or whatever at the construction site. The shoelace just happens to be on his job. I mean come on. You do the math. That guy killed those girls.”
Steve shook his head. “It’s called evidence, Cory. Usually when someone commits a murder they try to get rid of that stuff. They don’t just leave it lying around, out in the open for someone to find.”
“Well, I never even met the guy, but I say he did it,” Cory said. “You know what we should do? We should go up there one night and lock him in his trailer while he sleeps. Call the cops on him. We could be heroes, you know?”
Steve and Jason chuckled. Even I smiled at the silly idea.
“What?” Cory asked.
“You don’t know he did anything,” Steve told him. “You have no proof.”
“Well what about you?” Cory countered. “You think that Mark was the one killed those girls. You even said so earlier.”
“Listen,” Steve said, stopping Cory. Stopping all of us. “I didn’t say that Mark was the one who did those things. All I said was what if he did. I mean shit, he had all those pictures. He’s a sick jerk and I said we just needed to keep our eyes open. See if he’s doing anything strange. Plus, he’s new in town too.”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and waited for Cory’s reply. It took him a moment but he had one.
“Well there you go,” he explained. “They’re both new to town. One had pictures of little girls and one had the shoelace on his job site. Maybe they’re in it together. Maybe they take the girls up there to the construction site and sacrifice them. Like a satanic ritual or something.”
“God, Cory,” Jason said. “You can’t be that dumb.”
Cory looked a bit hurt that his best friend had insulted his intelligence. “Hey, screw you, Sinfield! All I was trying to say was…”
“There you are you little piece of shit,” a voice said from behind and we turned quickly to see who it had come from. “I been looking for you, you little faggot fuck.”
Coming up through one of the tangled rows of trees, pushing branches out of his way, kicking aside trash to clear a path was Mike Wood. The last time we had seen him he had been sitting on the stairs that led down into Acacia. It was on the same day we had met Rod at his job site and were taking our bottles down to the 7-Eleven to cash them in for money when we happened upon him. Cory had hocked a huge loogey in his face and we had gone running off just as fast as we could.
And now he had found us.
His hair was just as messy now as it had been then, his clothes just as shabby as the last time. They might have even been the same ones. Who knew how often he changed or showered?
He walked right up to a frozen Cory and without hesitation put him in a headlock. “Now you’re gonna pay for what you did you little douche bag. You hear me? HUH? DO YA?” He punctuated each sentence with a twist of his arm.
Jason and I backed up, giving them room. We knew Mike wasn’t all that stable and a little panic set in. Steve was a bit calmer.
“Hey, Mike,” he said, softly. “Hey, take it easy, man. What happened, huh? What did Cory do to you?”
“Shut the fuck up and stay back,” Mike yelled.
He had that same wild look in his eyes as he had had the other day, like he was coming down off something. He reeked of stale cigarettes and booze and he had what appeared to be dried blood caked on one hand.
Steve walked around so he was facing Mike. “Listen, whatever he did I’m sure he’s sorry. Why don’t you let him go and I’ll bet he can explain it to you, alright?”
But Mike just shook his head, continued choking Cory. He had eight years and about fifty pounds on him as well. And although Mike was skinny, Cory was no match for him.
“Please, Mike.”
As Cory’s face turned from red to purple Mike seemed to ease up for a moment. “Fine, I’ll let him explain.”
He let Cory out of the headlock who quickly gulped air. Bending over, hands on his knees, sucking sweet oxygen deep into his lungs, his face slowly returned to it normal color.
“I…I…,” Cory tried to get it out but he seemed to be choking on his words. Face to face with Mike he began again. “I didn’t…I didn’t mean to…”
“Yeah?” Mike demanded. “You didn’t mean to what, you turd?”
Tears were leaking from Cory’s eyes now. “I didn’t mean to… spit in your face.”
Mike took a quick look at each of us and then turned back to Cory. “Say sorry, asshole and I might not give you a beating. Say it now!”
Cory stood up straight; his breathing had become more even, and said, “I’m sorry.”
Raising his hands and once again looking over at us, Mike said, “See. Now was that so hard?”
Steve, Jason and I relaxed a bit. It seemed that Mike was going to except Cory’s apology and he just might have if Cory hadn’t gone and opened up his stupid, smart mouth again.
“Wait, wait,” he said, waving his hand in Mike’s face. “You didn’t let me finish. “I said I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to spit in your face. I meant to spit in your whore mom’s face. I mistook your ugly ass for-“
Cory’s words were cut short as Mike slammed a fist into his gut, knocking the wind out of his lungs and him to the ground. Why Cory had to always make matters worse was beyond us. Maybe it was just his nature. Or maybe he was just a hyper kid who spoke before he thought. Either way, sometimes it seemed as if he really deserved what he got.
But he was still our friend.
“Mike,” Steve shouted.
“No,” he yelled back, pointing a finger first at Steve and then at Jason and me. “You stay out of this. All of you. He had his chance and he fucked that up. All he had to do was say sorry. Now he’s really gonna get it.”
Cory lay on the ground next to tumble weeds and discarded cardboard boxes, gasping for air like a dying fish. We wanted to help him so badly but we were scared out of our wits. This kid, this older boy, was keeping us at bay with just his icy, hateful stare.
But somewhere deep down inside, Jason must have found a bit of courage, because he took a few steps toward Mike and said, “Please, man. Leave him alone. We promise we won’t ever bother you again.”
Mike took a step toward Jason, cocked back his fist and screamed, “NO DICE!” Jason flinched, closed his eyes, but the punch never came. Instead, Mike went back to Cory and sat down on his legs, straddled him. “Now, you’re gonna see what happens to people who fuck with me. I’m gonna do to you what I did to that little bitch last night.”
Sitting on Cory, Mike reached back and lifted his shirt, pulled a steak knife from his waistband. It looked similar to the ones you might find on any kitchen counter cutlery set. A wooden handle, a six inch serrated blade. What appeared to be dried blood stained the metal making it look rusty and mean.
“Oh, God, he’s going to kill him,” Jason said. The words sent a flood of adrenalin through my body and made my ears ring.
“No, no, no, Mike,” Steve pleaded. “This isn’t worth it. You can’t do this. Think about it.”
He pointed the blade at Steve and said, “Hanel, the only reason why I haven’t shoved the sharp end of this up your ass yet is because I’m friends with your brother. Although I bet he wouldn’t lose any sleep if I did. He’s always saying how much he hates your fucking guts.” Steve flinched as if he’d been slapped. “But if you don’t shut your mouth…right…now, I might just do Jacob that favor. And as for your two butt buddies there, if I’m in the mood, they’re next.”
Now I just felt like crying and I think my eyes actually welled up. I didn’t want to see anybody get hurt or killed, especially myself.
How had we gotten into this situation? This was nuts. Things like this didn’t happen to us. It had to be a bad dream. It just had to be.
But it was happening. We were about to watch our friend die.
Mike turned his attention back to Cory who lay beneath him, fighting for air. He flipped the knife around so the blade was pointing down at Cory’s chest, grabbed Cory’s throat.
“Don’t worry, kid. I’ll do it fast. One quick one to the heart. You probably won’t even feel it,” Mike said calmly.
I looked over at Steve who was frantically searching the ground around him.
Mike brought the knife up about a foot above Cory’s sternum.
Steve reached into the weeds and picked up a chunk of discarded concrete.
Everything seemed to move in slow motion at that point. I looked to Jason who was yelling, “No!” then to Steve who was cocking his arm back to launch his projectile, over to Mike who was holding that knife that would have been more at home on a dinner table than in a barren orange grove.
I thought that all hope was gone, but then I saw him. And at the last moment, I turned to Steve and grabbed his wrist just before he threw. “No,” I said. “You might hit Frisbee.”
As he turned to look at me with eyes that suggested that I may have cost our friend his life, the dog barreled out of the bushes and slammed into Mike, clamping his teeth onto his wrist, knocking him off of Cory.
We were all stunned into silence. All except Mike who began to scream like a girl as Frisbee bit down harder, forcing him to drop his weapon into the trash strewn overgrowth.
“Ow, ow,” Mike squealed. “Get him off me. Get him off.”
After a long moment, Steve spoke. “Whoa, where’d he come from?”
Jason ran over to help Cory to his feet. “Come on. We’ve got to go,” he said.
On the ground, Mike took a swing at Frisbee who let go of his arm and quickly dodged the blow. He tried to get up but the dog bit his thigh, sending him down once again, a high, shrill cry erupted from his throat.
“Let’s get the hell out of here,” Steve said. “Frisbee. Come boy.”
He let go of Mike who was now writhing in agony. “You sons of bitches,” he yelled. “I’ll get you for this. All of you.”
The five of us made a hasty escape back toward our houses, going through the alley next to the Maherrin’s and up and over the fence. We all helped Cory as best we could who was still reeling from the gut shot he had taken.
When we were back on Cottonwood, Jason asked, “Cory, you want to come over to our house and clean yourself up so your mom doesn’t see you like that?”
Cory didn’t speak to any of us, just shook his head and walked away. We watched him until he got to his front door, wondering how badly Mike had hurt him.
To us, Steve said, “I don’t know about you guys but I don’t want to be out here if Mike comes this way. I’ll see you later. Come on Fris.”
“Yeah, Jason said. “See ya. Let’s go home, Ricky.”


FORTY-SEVEN
That week ended in chaos, not only for Cory but for the rest of us as well. Up until that time we had viewed our city as a nice place, a wholesome living community: Corona. The Circle City. Crown Town. It had its problems of course, all cities do. But now a new element of evil had crept in.
Someone had murdered a couple of young girls and our minds were starting to get the better of us. We were looking at people around us in a whole new way, coming up with our own ideas as to who was behind the slayings.
We had also made a new friend along the way who seemed to value our friendship as much as we did his.
Frisbee.
And although that week back in the summer of 1982 ended on a low point, it was the next couple of days that I remember more vividly than any other event in my life, before or after. Because that was when everything changed for Steve, Jason, Cory and me. That was when our world and our childhood, was torched, lit up and turned to ash.


FORTY-EIGHT
It was Monday, July seventh, the start of a new week. School was still a long way away and none of us looked forward to starting back up in September. Jason and Cory had two more years at Stallings, I had four. Steve, though, would be separated from us, attending Corona Junior High as a seventh grader. Our walks to and from school wouldn’t be quite the same and we’d be reduced to seeing him only in the afternoons and on weekends instead of at recess and lunch time. But we’d all deal with that at the end of summer. For now we still had each other, brothers and pals.
At nine that morning, after having our breakfast, Jason and I left our house and headed over to Steve’s where we found him and his sister Jackie tossing a tennis ball to Frisbee on their front lawn. Steve, shirtless on this already hot morning, would lob the ball into the ivy patch that separated his yard from Cory’s. Frisbee would then clamber after it, routing through the triangular leaves and vines until he found its hiding spot and then bring it over to Jackie who would do the same. We watched them go back and forth two or three times as we crossed the street and made our way up the drive.
Frisbee was the first to notice us and he gave a bark of greeting before swaggering over, leaving the ball where it had landed in the bed of ivy.
I got down on my knees, receiving him with open arms and was given a good face cleaning in return. 
“Hey, Fris, how ya doing, boy?”
“What’s up, guys?” Jason asked as Steve and Jackie made their way toward us.
“Hey,” Steve answered.
“Hi, Jason,” Jackie said. She turned to me and batted her eyelashes, gave a wry smile. “Hi, Ricky.”
I stood, blushing and said, “Hi, Jackie.”
She put her hands on her hips and blinked in surprise. “Hi, Jackie?” she mimicked. “Come here and give me some sugar.” Grabbing me around the shoulders with one arm she pulled me in tight, mashing me to her flat chest.
I had no idea what had gotten into her. I couldn’t tell if she was serious or just having some fun with me. But whatever it was, I liked it. She let me go with a ruffle of my hair. I looked over and both Steve and Jason wore expressions that asked if maybe there was something they should know about.
“What?” I said, shrugging.
“Oh, no, please continue,” Steve told me. “But let me know when you guys are done with your date because there’s something I want to tell you.”
“Shut up, Steve,” Jackie giggled. “I was just messing with him.” But once they had turned their heads, she looked at me and winked, making my heart flutter and my neck burn.
At first I thought that Steve wanted to talk about what had happened the day before in Dead Grove, maybe a way to get back at Mike Wood or at the very least a way to get him to leave us alone. Call a truce or something. If it were up to me, I would have suggested that we call the cops and see if there wasn’t a way to get his ass hauled off to jail.
Just as I had gone over to pick up the tennis ball, Steve said, “Huddle up, guys.” Tossing it back into the ivy for Frisbee, I jogged over to where the other three stood.
“What’s up, Steve?” Jason asked.
He paused a second, one eye closed to keep the sun out, and said to Jason, “Did you happen to call Cory this morning?”
My brother looked down at his feet and shook his head. Last night, while we lay in our beds, Jason and I had talked about what had happened between Mike and Cory and how we should have done something to help him out. Jason had said how he was just about to pick up a tree branch and bash Mike upside his head. I had added that I almost went over there and kicked him in the face. But of course we never would have done those things. It was just the macho talk of two boys, lying safely in their beds at home, hours after the incident. In all truth, none of us would have been any match for a seventeen year-old with a knife.
None of us except for Frisbee. He really had saved the day and probably Cory’s life for that matter.
But as we lay there, talking in the dark, we also wondered aloud if Cory was mad at us for not doing anything. He hadn’t said anything to any of us before he went home. Had he been pissed off at us for not helping him or embarrassed for what had happened?
In the end it came down to one conclusion and one only. As much as we liked Cory, and as good of friends as we were with him, it rested on this: Cory had brought that on himself. On us too. Not that Mike had had any right to take it as far as he did. We would always be there for our friend and help him out in anyway we could but if that episode in Dead Grove hadn’t taught him something, we were afraid nothing would. Cory could have gotten any one of us hurt.
But luckily, none of us had gotten hurt, aside from Cory himself. And anyone who’s been punched in the gut knows that it wounds your pride more than your body.
Jason finally looked up, over to me first, then to Jackie and Steve. “How about you? Have you talked to him yet?”
“No,” Steve sighed.
“You think he’s mad at us?” I asked. “For not helping him.”
We were all silent for a moment and I guessed it had been on Steve’s mind as well.
Jackie said, “What happened? Why is Cory mad at you guys?”
Wanting nothing more than to impress her, I began to spill my guts. “We were coming back from the hospital-“
“Ricky,” Steve said, calmly, shutting me up. He shook his head and I knew not to say another word.
Curious, Jackie was left hanging, wide eyed. “No, come on. Tell me. Please,” she begged.
“Forget it, Jack,” Steve warned. “It’s guy stuff. You don’t need to know.”
She folded her arms over her chest and puffed air through her cheeks. “You never tell me anything.”
“Maybe some other time, okay,” Steve said.
“You always say that. Some other time. I’ll tell you later. Don’t you trust your own sister?” She paused and then brought out the big guns. “Sometimes, I wonder if you even love me, Steve Hanel.
Jason rolled his eyes and put a hand to his mouth to stifle a laugh. Steve, whose ears had gone abashedly pink, closed his eyes and shook his head. “It’s between us guys, Jack. Besides, if you’re going to act like this I won’t let you come along with us today.” He folded his own arms now and turned from his sister, smiled at us and winked.
It seemed as though Steve had already planned out our day. A wave of childish glee washed through me as I wondered what kind of adventure lay ahead. Jackie even stopped pouting once she learned that she would be included in our expedition. 
“Well, where are you guys going?” she asked, all traces of hurt gone from her voice.
“This morning,” Steve explained, “mom gave me five bucks for cleaning up the backyard. I didn’t ask for it or anything. She was just happy that the yard looked a lot better than it did before. Anyway, I figured since you guys and Cory helped out, I’d treat everyone to something today.”
We had all pitched in and cleaned up Steve’s backyard to make it more comfortable for Frisbee. And we did it under the pretense that we wouldn’t receive anything for the chore accept piece of mind, knowing that the dog would have a clean place to live. He was worth that. Even looking over at him at that moment, lying on his belly, his teeth trying to work a hole in the tennis ball, his golden eyes holding my gaze, I knew more than ever that he was meant to find us.
Jason asked first, “What is it? What are we doing?”
“Yeah, what do you have planned, Steve?” I followed.
He kept us in suspense for a few seconds and then revealed the surprise. “Well, I don’t know. I thought that maybe you guys might want to go on down to the Plunge today. How does that sound?”
Smiles broke out on each of our faces. The Plunge sounded fan-freakin-tastic. I couldn’t think of a better place right then than at the city pool, cooling off in the waters of public paradise.
“Yesss,” I hissed and Jason nodded. “Great idea, Steve.”
Jackie spoke up once again in an almost sad tone, “But I didn’t help you guys clean up the backyard.”
“That’s okay, Jack,” Steve told her. “You can come along anyway.”
“Really? You mean it, Steve?”
“Yup,” he said. “And I’ll even pay for you too. You know why?”
“Why?” she asked.
“Because… I love you.”
She just about melted then as she jumped on Steve, throwing her arms around his neck and hugging him tightly. “Thanks.”
He could put up with the embrace for only so long though and had to gently push her off of him. “Alright, alright,” he said. Then to us, “You think your parents will be cool with you going?”
Jason looked at me and then back to Steve, half smiled, half nodded, and said, “Yeah. Dad’s already gone to work but I’m sure mom will let us.”
“Alright then,” Steve said, “why don’t you guys go get your trunks on. Jackie and I will go see if Cory and Christy want to go too.”
“Christy can come?” Jackie asked excitedly.
“Sure. That way you’ve got someone to hang out with and you’re not chasing us around the pool all day,” Steve told her.
“Whatever,” she said and punched him on the arm. She ran to the sidewalk and headed next door to the Dayborne’s, Frisbee barking at her heels.
“We’ll meet back here in about ten.”


FORTY-NINE
 By the time Jason and I got back home, asked our mother’s permission to go to the Plunge with the other kids, grabbed our trunks and towels and made it back across the street, Cory and Christy were waiting with Steve, Jackie and Frisbee for us. Here it was. Now we’d find out if Cory was really pissed at us or not. He didn’t seem to be, just kept staring at his feet and looking up every couple of seconds.
Finally, Jason said, “What’s up?”
Cory, with a weak smile, said, “Hey.”
It turned out that he was more embarrassed about what had happened than he was angry at us. Steve motioned for Jackie and Christy to follow him to his front door to give us some privacy. Frisbee went with them and they all sat on the step.
After a moment of silence Cory spoke up. “I just want to say that I’m sorry.”
Jason looked at me, surprised. “Sorry for what?” he asked.
“You know, about yesterday, in Dead Grove.”
It was my turn to talk now. “But we didn’t even help you, Cory. We just stood there and watched him. We should be the ones saying sorry.”
“Yeah,” Jason said. “Ricky and I talked about it last night. We thought you might be mad at-“
“You guys didn’t do anything wrong,” he told us. “You guys weren’t the ones that started that whole mess. I was. That day I spit in his face at the stairs. If I hadn’t done that in the first place, none of that would have happened yesterday. I put all you guys in danger. If I hadn’t been shooting my mouth off or if I had just apologized to him… well you know. You guys had nothing to do with it. It was all my dumb ass fault. Sometimes it’s like I can’t help myself. Like there’s another person in my head telling me to do that stuff because it will be funny and it will make everyone laugh. But it doesn’t. It just gets me in trouble, you know.
“Anyway, I just want to say that I’m sorry. I already told Steve before you guys got here. I’m going to try and watch my mouth from now on so I don’t get us into any more trouble. That is if you still want to be friends with me.”
Jason and I exchanged another look at each other. Here we were the whole time thinking that Cory would be mad that we hadn’t helped him out, when really he was just ashamed of his actions. He sure knew how to surprise us sometimes.
“Cory,” Jason said. “We’re always going to be friends. Ain’t nothing going to change that.”
“Thanks, man,” Cory told him. “That’s what Steve said too.”
Putting his hand straight out toward Cory, Jason said, “Best buds?”
Cory grabbed it, pumped it once, smiled and said, “Best buds.”
They stood that way for a minute until I interrupted. “Hey, are you going to fall in love with my brother all over again, or are you going to shake my hand too?”
Cory let go of Jason, looked over to me and said, “What’s that, runt?” He balled up a fist and swung at my shoulder. Just before the punch connected, he pulled it and gave my arm the lightest tap and smiled.
A moment later, Steve called out, “You girls done over there yet? Can we get going?”
Christy, Jackie and Frisbee followed Steve to where we stood. “Everything cool?” Steve asked.
“Always,” Jason said, as if what had happened the day before was insignificant.
We started our way down Cottonwood and got only a couple houses away when I noticed Frisbee trailing behind us. “Hey, what about Fris? They won’t let him down at the pool. Should we leave him in your backyard, Steve?”
Everyone turned around and looked down at the dog, who in turn sat down on his rump with raised eyebrows.
Steve thought about it and said, “I think I know what to do.” He ran back to his house, disappearing through the side gate. When he returned a minute later he was holding a looped length of nylon cord. “We can tie him up to a tree when we get down there and keep an eye on him through the fence.”
With that task taken car of we resumed our walk and once we got down to where Aspen street branched off, Cory stopped. “Ah, do you guys want to go up this way. I don’t want to go up Redwood and run into Mike again. Come on, what do you say?”
“What’s all this with Mike?” Jackie asked again. 
Then Christy jumped in. “Mike who?” 
Apparently Cory hadn’t mentioned to his sister about his run in with the bigger boy.
“Mike Wood. That loser from up Redwood,” Jackie told her.
And as politely as he could, Steve, once again said to Jackie, “Drop it, Jack. That’s the last time I’m going to say it. That business is ours, not yours. Got it?”
She said nothing, just nodded and looked at Christy with hurt in her eyes. I felt bad for her but also knew that girls her age felt as if they needed to be let in on every secret life held from them. She’d get past it. If Cory wanted to tell them, then that was up to him. But there was no way they would get that story from any of us. Because not only was it a command from Steve for them to not ask, but also an order for us not to tell.
“Okay, let’s head up this way then,” Steve said, pointing up Aspen.
As we started across Cottonwood for the other street we heard a girl’s voice shouting, “Dwog! A Dwog!”
None of us paid heed at first. It was just another child’s voice in a neighborhood full of children, but soon the chanter came closer.
“A Dwog! A Dwog! A Dwog!”
It wasn’t until a couple of houses up that one of us realized that Frisbee was no longer with us. Turning around and coming to a halt, Jason said, “He, check it out. Look.”
The rest of us turned and looked to where he pointed. Back on the corner, Frisbee stood, wagging his tail like mad. On her knees, hugging and kissing him, calling him ‘Dwog,’ was Jamie Manning the girl with Down’s syndrome. She must have been out in her front yard when we crossed the street and come running up when she saw Frisbee. In the short time he had been with us, I hadn’t seen that dog as happy as he was in that moment. And in all the time that Jamie had lived down the street from us I had never heard her talk. They looked like two old friends meeting after a long separation.
“Hi, Jamie,” Christy and Jackie said and laughed.
Jamie stood up from where she was next to Frisbee and stared at them, thick tongue poking out from between her lips, eyes as big as golf ball behind her chunky glasses.
Frisbee then jumped up and licked her straight on the mouth, which set her into a fit of laughter and as soon as she started laughing, the rest of us started too. We weren’t laughing at her, though. It was true; we might have made a joke or two about her handicap in the past, kids do stuff like that to kids that are different. But we began laughing just for the simple fact that she was laughing and I’m almost positive that not one of us had ever heard her laugh before that day. And it was as if her laughter was contagious. It was real. It was joyful and it was from the heart. And it almost made your own heart ache to hear it. But ache in a good way.
Slowly Jamie calmed down and as she did so did we. Although there was a smile plastered to each of our faces. A perm-a-grin if you will.
Her face went slack and her tongue poked back out like a turtle making sure the coast is clear. We thought that was it until she said, “Dwog,” and started in again with that wonderful laugh. Not only did it get us going again, but Frisbee joined in as well, barking and jumping up to put his paws on her chest, licking her face.
“Dwog.”
Laughter and barking. Petting and licking.
“Dwog.”
Giggles and yips. Howling and hugging.
“Dwog.”
Yelling and cursing.
“What the hell are you doing to her?”
The silence that followed was immediate, but for Christy and Jackie’s yelps of surprise like exclamation points at the end of our outburst. All of us had been so lost in that happy moment that we hadn’t noticed Jamie’s father run across the street. George Manning stood behind his daughter fists balled at the end of his leather-tanned arms, teeth bared, seething.
“I done told you before to leave my girl alone. All you little bastards in this neighborhood do is tease her. Call her a retard. I’m gonna tell you this one last time. You kids pull this shit again, you keep messin’ with my kid and there will be hell to pay. Each one of you mark my words. Is that understood?”
We stared at him, towering over us, and shook. Christy and Jackie looked on the verge of tears. Finally Steve spoke up for everyone. “Sir, we weren’t teasing her. We were just-“
But that’s as far as he got before George Manning broke in. “I saw what you were doing to her. You were laughing at her and making your dog bark at her. Don’t stand there and lie to me, boy. I will take off my belt and beat seven shades of piss out of you right now,” he yelled, pointing a finger at Steve’s face.
Frisbee began a low deep growl, hair raised on his shoulders, staring back at Jamie’s father.
He looked down at the dog and said to Steve, “If that dog makes a lunge at me I will stomp its head in.”
The comment seemed to make Frisbee growl even louder as if to challenge Mr. Manning. Steve bent down and put an arm around his furry neck, scratched his throat, calming him. Neither one took their eyes from the man.
After a moment, he turned away from us with anger burning in his eyes, grabbed Jamie by the arm and led her back to their house. George’s wife Emily was standing in their front yard. We hadn’t noticed her but she must have been there the whole time. She stared back toward us with a face as blank as a new chalk board, her hair greasy and unkempt. She was just as tall as her husband and had a good thirty pounds on him too, but as he approached she shrank from him.
“Why the fuck are you so stupid, woman?” George yelled at his wife. “I’ve told you before that you need to watch out for her. You need to protect her. Why is it always me that has to do that? Take her inside. I’ll be in, in a minute.”
George headed toward his open garage where an old, white Crown Victoria was boosted up on a jack having its oil changed. Emily squatted down and gave Jamie a hug, smoothed the hair from her brow.
“Dwog,” Jamie said to her mother.
Emily stood back up and pointed her daughter to the front door. She turned toward us and stared for a few seconds before hanging her head and going inside herself. 
Like I said, that was the first time we had ever heard Jamie Manning speak. Unfortunately, it was also the last.


FIFTY
No one spoke for a while. Even Frisbee’s mood seemed to have been dampened by George Manning’s angry words, for he moved along beside us with his head down and his tail limp. He neither sniffed out bushes nor peed on trees, just clamored along as if in a daze. That is until we reached the Plunge and we all brightened back up now that our destination had been reached.
The Plunge was Corona’s community swimming pool, located at the Corona Park where Main Street and Grand Avenue met. Corona earned the nickname “The Circle City” because of Grand. The street did a perfect three mile circle around the heart of Corona and was the site of three international automobile races in 1913, 1914, and 1916. There was an old sepia tone picture that hung in the public library of a fifteen year-old race winner holding his first place prize: a double-barrel shotgun. The city was founded in 1886, but the park itself wasn’t added until nineteen forty-four. The pool was built twenty-two years later in the winter and spring of nineteen sixty-six but not opened to the public until later that summer.
Standing at the chain-link fence that surrounded the pool we watched as children ran and splashed and screamed and jumped in and out of the water. The sound they made could be heard from blocks away. It was a good sound. It was the sound of angels singing. Because when we get to Heaven, if we get to Heaven, there will be a section reserved for just those sounds, to let us know that we’ve made it home.
Steve tied Frisbee to a small tree that was anchored to a tall wooden stake that kept it from blowing over in the wind. After washing out and filling up a discarded Styrofoam cup with water at a fountain and setting it next to Frisbee, we headed for the entrance.
There were two doorways that led into the small, brick building where the showers and changing rooms were. The girls entered to the left and we went in to the right. In between the doors there was a bulletin board that people could tack up signs, posters and advertisements to.
Once inside, the person working the counter asked for a quarter admission fee. Steve handed the young man a dollar and a half to cover all of us.
The smell inside was a combination of sweat, mildew, bleach and urine. The concrete floor had an inch of cold water on it and there was dripping sounds everywhere. There were four showers next to the door that led out to the pool area and a sign hung over it asking that everyone rinse off before going in the pool. Now, I always remembered that no matter how hot it was outside, no matter how sweaty you got from the walk down, the water that came out of those showers was damn near unbearable. It was as if they had piped it in from Antarctica. If you asked a penguin to rinse off under those showers before he took a dip, he’d probably suggest that you kindly go fornicate yourself with a broken stick.
But rinse off we did.
The girls came out of their exit just as we were coming out of ours. The six of us shivering as we met back up.
Christy and Jackie took their towels and found a place to lay out close enough to keep an eye on Frisbee. After dropping our towels next to them, Steve, Jason, Cory and I ran full speed for the water and all jumped in at about the same time, drawing an angry shout from one of the teenage lifeguards. The last thing I heard before my head went under was: “You four. Slow it-“
Splash.
He was blowing his whistle and pointing in our direction when we surfaced, warning us not to run or jump again.
The pool was rectangular in shape. It started at three feet deep and gradually sloped down to twelve. Running from one end to the other, dividing the pool almost in half, was a plastic lane rope. The rope was there to warn people not to swim past it and into the deep end. The shallow end was the only place where you were allowed to play freely. The deep end was off limits for swimming. There were two diving boards at that end of the pool and there were only two things you could do there; dive in off of the boards and get the hell out of the way for the next person.
Now, the diving board on the left was perfect for kids my size. It had one step up to the board itself and ran about eight feet long, had lots of spring. I could jump off of that board all day if they’d let me.
The diving board on the right was a whole different story, my friends. It wasn’t that I was scared of it or anything… okay yes I was. I was terrified of it.
The high-dive.
Eight steps led up to the top of that monstrosity. There were handrails to hold onto while you ascended but the climb wasn’t the problem for me. It was being up there and looking down that I didn’t care for. Yeah, it was just water below me, it wasn’t like it could hurt me or anything, well I mean except for drowning in it. Looking up from the ground wasn’t so bad; it was only about seven feet up to the top. But up there, at the top, over the pool, it seemed more like seventy. I had climbed it the summer before, on a dare from Jason, only to chicken out at the last moment. The humiliation was excruciating as I made my way back down the ladder, everyone making chicken sounds.
But this summer would be different. I had told myself on the walk down that I could do it this time, psyching myself up. I would jump this day, from the high-dive…
…right after I jumped a few times form the low-dive. I was going to need a bit more psyching up first.
And as if he had been reading my mind, Jason strolled over to me and asked, “You going to jump this year?”
I looked over and noticed that Steve and Cory were both waiting in the line to jump themselves. “Yeah, but after I jump a couple more times from here,” I said, nodding toward the smaller board.
Jason stared and shrugged and said, “Okay, whenever you’re ready.”
We headed for the different diving boards. The line was shorter at the low-dive and I was able to get on, jump in and get back out of the water before the others had even jumped once from the high-dive. I watched as first Steve, then Cory and then Jason leapt off, fearless.
The sun was directly overhead and even by this time of day, heat waves wiggled from the cement, making it appear as though Corona was evaporating around us. There was a slight breeze pushing fat clouds in from the ocean bringing with them a smell of ozone and a sense of static electricity. Although hot out, the breeze chilled the skin upon exiting the water, producing goose bumps and hard nipples. I found that with the combination of both sun and wind my flesh was nearly dry every time I went up to dive again.
Frisbee was still tethered to the tree, but his water cup had tipped over and was now resting against the fence. He lay, on his stomach, in the shade, tongue lolling, watching the activity around the pool with mild interest. His ears would perk each time a child screamed with delight.
Christy and Jackie had left their towels and flip-flops and had decided to take a dip. They were waist deep in the shallow end splashing water at one another, which if I remember correctly, was a no-no, but no lifeguard called them on it.
Most of the lifeguards that supervised the pool activities there at the Plunge were high school kids, certified in CPR, on summer break, looking to earn extra money. They reigned over the pool from their high chairs like royalty, aqua gods.
The one closest to the high-dive was a guy. He looked to be about eighteen, strong features, athletic. A silver whistle hung from his neck, mirrored sunglasses adorned his face. His red trunks sported a white cross on one leg letting everyone know who was in charge.
The one on the left, by the low-dive was a girl of about sixteen and she was smoking hot. Like her partner across from her, she wore a whistle and sunglasses, only hers were dark. Her suit was the same color red and had the same white cross only over her left breast. I don’t think I’ve ever seen a swim suit fit such a perfect body so well in all my life. In between jumps on the boards, most, if not all the boys stared.
It was my turn to jump again and as I took my eyes off of her and stepped up to ready myself, I knew that the next jump would be from the big one. Yeah, one more from here and then over to the high-dive. I’d show the guys that I wasn’t scared anymore.
I ran full speed to the end of the board and leapt as far as I could, arms spread, legs bent, falling into the crystal coolness of the water and all sound was instantly cut off. With my eyes closed and feeling weightless, it was as if I were in the void of space. When I swam upward I opened my eyes as I breached the surface, sound and sight returning at the same time like a quickening.
Climbing out of the pool with the aid of the metal rungs and handrails, I shook my hair and made my way over to the high-dive. Steve and Jason were third back in line from the front. Cory was just getting out of the water, having jumped about the same time I had. He waddled over to where I stood, a smirk on his face.
 “So, you finally decided to come over with the big boys, huh?” he said and took the spot behind me.
“Yep. I can do it this time. I know I can. It’s not scary, right?” I asked.
He shook his head and drops of water from his hair spattered around his feet, drying almost instantly as they hit the hot concrete. “You’ll be okay.” He then hollered toward the front of the line. “Hey, Jason. Look who made it over.”
Steve and Jason both turned at the same time and noticed me standing a few feet back. There were four other kids between them and me and they allowed them to pass by so we’d all be together.
“Alright, little brother. You going to be able to do it?” Jason asked.
“Yeah, I’m a little nervous, but I think I’ll be fine,” I told him.
Steve said, “Listen, there’s nothing to it. Just climb up to the top, run out as fast as you can without thinking about it and jump. Oh, but whatever you do don’t look down.”
This last warning sent butterflies stirring in my belly. But I told myself, no matter what, I would do it. Three of the four kids ahead of Jason had already jumped; the fourth was just starting his leap.
Jason said, “Here, watch me. Just do this.” He climbed the eight steps to the top, paused a second and ran to the edge of the platform. When he was out over the pool he brought his knees up to his chest and wrapped his arms around his legs landing in perfect cannon ball form. It might not have been a very big splash but it still garnered a warning from the lifeguard.
“No more cannon balls,” he said when Jason came up for air.
It was Steve’s turn next.
“Hey check this one out, Ricky,” he said. Once at the top he strolled to the end of the board, hopped, bounced and leapt out with amazing grace, arms wide, chest out. He fell straight to the water, head first, making hardly a splash or sound and I knew then why it was called a swan dive.
And now it was my turn.
Cory patted me on the back and said, “I heard that last year a kid fell off the top and landed on the cement, broke his neck. Good luck.”
“Gee, thanks,” I said and began my ascent. With each step my legs became a little less stable and a little more rubbery. It seemed as though it took me a whole minute to reach the top but in reality was only a few seconds. Once up there I took a few breaths. I was still nervous but it didn’t seem as bad as it had the year before. After taking another deep breath and calming myself I walked out slowly and stood at the end. Looking out over the entire pool, I felt as though everyone was staring back at me. And a few people were, including, as I had just spotted, Jackie.
She waved up to me and I waved back. Now I would have to jump. I couldn’t chicken out in front of her of all people. After one last deep breath I closed my eyes and readied myself. Someone in line at the bottom actually yelled for me to hurry up.
Okay, here it was. It was now or never.
One, I can do this. Two, get ready. Three, here we…
Then all of the sudden I felt the diving board vibrating under my feet like an earthquake. As I wondered just exactly what it was that was happening I heard the slap, slap, slap of feet. I began to turn toward the sound and saw Cory in the corner of my eye, tongue hanging from the side of his mouth, charging.
He hit me like a linebacker and we both went out and over and hung in the air forever. Slowly we fell toward the water, ass over teakettle. He hadn’t knocked the wind out of me but falling had locked the air in my lungs. The last thing I heard before going under was the lifeguard with the mirror glasses blowing his whistle again.
All noise was blocked out but I opened my eyes underwater, looking for Cory so I could kick him. He was too far away and instead I kicked for the surface. When I came back up that whistle was still being blown. Cory was back peddling toward the side, looking at me, a shit eating grin on his face.
“You, jerk!” I yelled. “What the hell did you do that for?”
“What?” Cory answered, laughing.
“You could have killed me!”
“Oh, you’re fine,” he shot back.
“I’m going to get you for that,” I shouted, swimming toward him.
“Ricky, you do know that you’re laughing, don’t you?” he said.
And he was right. I was laughing. At first I guess I thought I might have been crying but that just wasn’t the case. I felt exhilarated. That rush of adrenaline felt awesome. Even though I had been thrown off of the diving board it was one of the best feelings I had ever had and I wanted to jump again, on my own this time of course.
But it wasn’t going to happen. The lifeguard, when he finished blowing his whistle, pointed a finger at us and shouted, “You two! You’re out of here! Grab your towels and pack it up. See you next summer.”
Thanks to Cory, we were being kicked out of the Plunge for the rest of the season. It had taken him less than an hour to accomplish that task.
We climbed out of the pool, still laughing and headed to the spot where Christy and Jackie had set our stuff down. Steve and Jason, having seen everything, followed us.
“Hey, thanks, Dayborne,” Steve said. “Maybe on the walk back we can stop at the 7-Eleven and rob the place. Asshole.”
The comment made Cory and me laugh even harder.
We told Christy and Jackie, who had watched as well, to grab their things and that we had to leave. We guys went into our changing room again and the girls went to theirs. It only took a minute or two to get our shirts and shoes back on. Jason was the first one done and he went outside to wait for us.
When Steve, Cory and I finished, we threw our towels around our necks and headed out to meet him. We found him in between the doorways of the boys and girls changing rooms, looking up at the bulletin board.
“Alright, you ready, Sinfield?” Steve asked. “I’m going to go get Frisbee.”
Steve walked off to get the dog but Jason remained, staring up at the board. I walked over to him, punched him on the arm.
“Let’s go,” I said.
Still nothing. He just stood there with his mouth open and his eyes watery as if he were about to cry.
“Jason?” I asked. “You coming? Hey, are you okay?”
Finally I looked up to the corkboard to see what had transfixed him and my breath caught straight in my throat.
There, in the middle, near the bottom, being held up with two white thumbtacks was a Xeroxed flyer with the picture of a young girl on it. Above the photo, in big red letters was the word: MISSING. Below it was the girl’s name: AMBER NELSON.
We had seen Amber just a few days before at the pharmacy. She had come in with her mother while we were getting sodas and Jason had talked to her, had even invited her to our Fourth of July party. I turned to him and could almost here his heart breaking as the tears spilled down his cheeks.


FIFTY-ONE
We were all quiet for most of the walk home. Jason wasn’t crying any longer but his head hung with the weight of that bulletin board flyer. We had sort of teased him a few days earlier about Amber being his girlfriend, hell, I was the one who had told Steve and Cory that Jason liked her. Even though they were just young kids and not really boyfriend and girlfriend we all knew the way Jason felt about her.
And now she was missing.
On the poster it said that no one had seen her since Saturday night when she went to bed, two days prior. Statistics said that when a child went missing for more than twenty-four hours, they were, more than likely, not going to see home again. Her parents must have been distraught.
“Jason,” Steve finally said as we passed Lincoln Elementary, “I know what you’re thinking. You think that whoever killed those other girls kidnapped Amber. Well, you don’t know that. Nobody does. Just because that flyer said she is missing doesn’t mean that someone took her. She could have run away from home for all we know.”
Jason, still in his daze, was momentarily silent and then, in a voice that was dry and cracked, said, “She didn’t run away. Her parents love her and she loves them. There wouldn’t be any reason for her to do something like that.”
“Yeah, I remember her from school,” Jackie agreed. She was a nice girl. I don’t think she would have run away either.” 
Steve shot her a look that told her keep her mouth shut and she did for the rest of the walk home. Even Frisbee seemed to sense the tension and sadness in our group. Again he walked with his tail drooped and his head as low as Jason’s. It was as if he had become one of us over the course of the last few days; almost as if he were beginning to share our moods and feelings. As my brother felt the sorrow for Amber, Frisbee’s mood changed to reflect his. Maybe it was a form of sympathy, to show that he understood what Jason was going through.
When we reached the corner of Aspen and Fullerton, Steve instructed the girls to go on home by themselves. We would walk to Cottonwood and down in case Jason needed to talk to just the boys.
Turning down our street, Steve said, “Hey, Jason? You know that we’re always here for you, right? I mean, I can’t really imagine how you must feel, but I know that you’re probably hurting pretty bad right now. What I’m trying to say is that if you want to sit down and talk about it, we’ll all do what we can to get through this.”
Cory and I nodded in agreement. We would do anything for him because we knew that he’d do the same for us had it been the other way around.
Jason, head still hung, said, “No. Thanks, guys. I kind of just want to go home right now. Maybe lay down for a little bit.”
“Okay, man,” Steve said. “You do what you got to. But no matter what, anytime you need us, we’re always here.”
“Thanks.”
We made it halfway down Cottonwood when Steve, Cory and I stopped, dead in our tracks in front of the McBride’s house. Jason and Frisbee, in their funk, kept walking, oblivious to Ben sunning himself on our neighbor’s lawn.
Mr. Gagner’s St. Bernard was on his belly, his massive head resting on his fat paws, his eyes closed. How that dog had gotten out of his yard again was anybody’s guess. But tried and true, there he was and Jason and Frisbee were walking right toward him, unaware.
“Jason,” Steve and Cory said as quiet as possible to no effect.
“Jason,” I said a bit louder and I may have said it too loud because Jason and Frisbee only halted when Ben raised his head at the sound of my voice and barked viciously.
He got up off of the lawn and crept toward Jason, teeth bared, growling low in his throat. I wondered if he remembered what we had done to him in the alley a few days back. Now he had found us. Now he would get his revenge. His dark brown and white coat, droopy red eyes and the drool hanging from his muzzle made him look like a monster with an appetite for small children.
Jason, like us, froze. Frisbee on the other hand walked toward Ben, a serene look about him, fearless, stopping only when he was a few feet away from the bigger dog. Ben growled louder sensing that he was being challenged. Calmly, Frisbee sniffed at the space between them which seemed to piss off Ben even more. We knew something was about to happen and we feared that if we didn’t get our dog out of there, the St. Bernard would annihilate him.
“Fris,” Steve said, slowly. “Easy, boy. Come on.”
He looked at us, the red bandana around his neck making him look like an outlaw after a bank robbery, then looked back at Ben. His tail wagged twice or twitched, I couldn’t tell.
Ben barked one loud roar and lunged at Frisbee who hopped out of the way of the bite easily enough and circled him. Ben overcorrected on the next attack, missed again and ended up on his own shoulder, one leg bent under him, butt in the air.
And still Frisbee didn’t fight back, didn’t even bark. It was as if it were a game to him. Come on, big boy. Try and get me, we could almost hear him thinking.
But then, as Ben got his paws back underneath him, and bared his teeth again, Frisbee did something amazing. He hopped up on just his hind legs and stood there, balancing himself in front of Ben, front paws bent at his chest. He was literally standing up to the St. Bernard, and holding his ground.
We looked to each other, stunned. How he had even learned to do that was baffling. Had the person that owned him, before he had found us, taught him that trick? Maybe he had taught himself how to do it. However he had learned it, it was working. Because now his head was higher than Ben’s and it really freaked the bigger dog out. Ben wasn’t growling any more, in fact, he had taken a couple of steps away from Frisbee.
I don’t know if it was Frisbee’s courage that got Jason into action or the fact that he had just found out that one of his school mates and good friends was probably dead, but he moved toward Ben too.
“Careful, Jason,” I said.
Either paying me no mind or just not caring, Jason walked onto the lawn and up to the huge beast.
“Ben!” he shouted.
The St. Bernard jumped around to face Jason, clamped his mouth shut and whined in confusion, as if he didn’t know what to think anymore. Now there were two bodies standing up to him and he began backing down quickly.
“Listen, you damn dog,” Jason yelled. “We’re not afraid of you anymore, got it! We’re done being scared of your big, ugly, furry butt. I’m going to say this once and one time only. SHUT UP! LEAVE US ALONE!”
Ben looked like a child that had just been caught lying. His ears drooped and his eyes blinked rapidly as if trying to hold back tears. He turned from Jason and Frisbee, knowing that neither was frightened of him and began to slink toward the sidewalk. Once his back was turned, Jason finished him off good. He cocked his foot back and kicked that dog as hard as he could straight in his pooper. The impact made the beast fart.
Ben let out a righteous howl and took off running across the street and all the way up Cottonwood. He didn’t even slow down as he rounded the corner by his house.
We stared at Jason in awe. He had just done something that none of us would ever have the balls to do in our lives. He had just sent Ben, tail between his legs, back to Mr. Gagner’s house, yelping the whole way home.
Steve was the first to speak. “That…was…awesome.”
“Dude, where did that come from?” Cory asked.
We walked over to Jason who looked just as surprised as we did. He gave us a smile and a quick laugh, shrugged his shoulders.
“I don’t know, man,” he said,” I guess I was just getting sick of that damn mutt.
Then it looked as though the memory of Amber’s picture on that flyer had returned to haunt him once again. He looked up toward the darkening clouds, bared his teeth not unlike Ben had moments before and sighed.
The five of us continued on our way home, Steve and Cory patting Jason on the back, still making a big deal about what he had just done. It had been pretty cool.
We all stopped in the driveway at our house and Jason said, “Okay, I’ll probably see you guys tomorrow.”
Steve and Cory nodded and repeated what they had said earlier about talking to them if he needed to.
“Are you guys going to be outside in a bit?” I asked.
“Yeah, I’m going to feed Frisbee and throw the ball for him in my backyard. You can come over if you want,” Steve told me. “You too, Cory.”
Cory said that he would and I was about to confirm as well when our mother came out front with our sister Susan, her small thumb plugging up her mouth.
“Jason, Ricky, you need to come inside now,” she said to us. “There’s something that I need to tell you both. Steve and Cory, you should go to your houses too. Your mother’s will let you know what’s happened.”
Steve, Cory and I looked back and forth at each other wondering the same thing; had she found out that Amber Nelson was missing and wanted to let Jason and I know what was going on? I wanted to tell her that we already knew but instead I waved to the other guys and told them I’d see them another time.
When I got inside the house, Jason was already sitting on the couch, towel still hung around his neck. Our father was still at work so it was just the four of us in the living room. Mom told me to sit down next to my brother and then she dumped more bad news on us. It wasn’t bad enough that a sweet girl like Amber was now gone but the next six words to come out of her mouth put us in an even darker place.
“Boys, Donald Miller died last night.”


FIFTY-TWO
Jason went to bed early that night. The emotional impact of what had gone on earlier had taken a major toll on him. Two people close to his life were now gone. We didn’t know the exact details of what had happened to Amber Nelson, but people don’t put up missing children posters unless, well…
Like I had said previously, Donald Miller was never really one of our friends but still he was the same age as we were and he was from the neighborhood, which made him one of us. I never thought that kids were supposed to die. Kids don’t even think about death, or fear it for that matter. That part should come later in life, when you’re an old man looking through the obituaries to see which of your friends have had their tickets punched recently.
As for me, I took a bath and turned in around nine. I lay awake in bed, for a while, staring up, watching patterns form in the cottage cheese-like acoustic texture on the ceiling. First a lion’s head slowly morphed into the shape of a tree. That one slowly changed to form a child, running. Then everything would slip and I could make out a dog wearing a scarf, then a knife, and then a house. An Oscar the Grouch head, grinning. A baby crying. A soda bottle. A wagon.
Sometime had passed and my eyes eventually grew heavy with sleep. Before I knew it I was in a very dark place. The darkest place my brain could conjure. I hadn’t had what I referred to as the Dark Dream the night before, but now, after all the day’s events, it seemed as if my mind had folded in on itself and let chaos reign.
In my dream I was walking, which was usually the case in those dreams, eyes open but blind in a black world. There was ground beneath me, though I don’t know if it was dirt, grass or rock. I couldn’t feel it but I walked none the less. There were no walls and I reached out only to grasp inky, black space. There was however sound and it was the worst part. And although I didn’t see them, I felt the presence of massive bubbles floating around me. When they popped it was with the sound of hatred and when they burst it was with the feeling of sadness and hopelessness.
They would scream at me and I would cringe and cry in my Dark Dream.
Pop. “BASTARD!”
Pop. “SICK!”
Pop. “DEAD!”
Frog voices.
I squeezed my eyes shut in the dream but it did no good. It was still the same blackness. I tried to cover my ears to mute the noise but to no avail, for I could never connect my hands to my head. I tried to outrun them but they are everywhere. In front of me, behind me, all around.
Pop. “BLOOD!”
Pop. “HELL!”
The sound of someone inhaling while shouting.
With each burst bubble and each shouted word that resulted, a mental picture of the word would flash like a lightening strike.
Pop. “STAB!” A bright red explosion accompanied by a scene of blades and blood and body parts.
Pop. “KILL!” A man, hanging the wrong way on a cross, his entrails leaking from his abdomen.
And I ran. Tried to escape the grizzly scenes my mind forced me to see. Farther and farther into the darkness, bubbles exploded around me, voices bellowed their filth and horror.
After what seemed like a very long time I actually began to leave the hate bubbles behind. I heard them still but from a distance, echoing as if in a canyon. I saw brief flashes of maroon light like someone taking pictures with a camera made in Hell. 
Then it was gone, quiet again. For a while anyway.
Finally, after having walked what seemed like a great distance, the darkness began to recede. It was replaced by an eerie glowing gray light, almost what you’d find if you tuned an old television to channel three.
I could see myself now. I had been traveling down a dirt path and there was some sort of building or structure up in the distance and I knew this is where I was meant to go. If I turned around I could make out the blackness behind but I also saw the red flashes of light, also saw dark shadows moving about on the border of dark and gray.
When I reached my destination I found myself standing just outside the front door of a house. It was a small place, most likely three bedrooms and two bathrooms, normal, like any you might find around our city. Non-threatening. Just a nice home but in an open field of dead grass. I opened the door easily and instantly felt another presence inside. It was a presence of love and caring and direction and as I moved into the living room I found Frisbee sitting on his hind legs, waiting for me. Somehow I knew he had called me there. I bent down and grabbed him around the neck and hugged him.
With slow motion-like speech I said, “Hey, Fris. Hey, boy. What are you doing here?”
He stared at me, eyes blazing like there was a fire in his skull. He barked, once, slow and low.
Woof.
At first it just confused me because it seemed like I almost understood that he was trying to convey some sort of message, that there was some purpose for my being there that he needed to explain.
Woof.
Again it fell just short of my comprehension. It was as if I needed to concentrate and look deep into his burning eyes to grasp the meaning. Then…
Woof.
…I was back in my room, in my bed, staring up at the ceiling once again. Light bled through the shades from the lamppost outside and the room had a soft blue-gray glow to it.
“Woof.”
I heard it again. This time I was awake, but still I heard Frisbee. I was sure of it. It was low and quiet but it was there. It came one last time and a voice came with it.
“Woof.”
“Ricky, he’s outside, waiting for you.”
I sat straight up, my heart hammering. I knew I was no longer dreaming but someone had called out to me. Scanning my room, I found him in the corner by the door, a dark shadow among other shadows, standing still. For a brief second I thought he was the figure with the dreadlocks that had crawled up my bed. I knew that figure wasn’t real, that I had had a kind of awake dream when I saw it but I wasn’t entirely sure that the figure in the corner now was real either until he moved into a beam of light from the window. Lightening exploded outside-further illuminating him-and a distant rumble followed.
“Donald?” I said in a whisper.
He moved closer until he was at the edge of my bed standing next to me. It was Donald and he looked glorious. He looked like he always had except he no longer wore his leg braces or looked like the tiny, old man I had seen at the hospital the day before. Softly, he began to glow, as if thousands of golden ladybugs were lighting him from within.
And then he spoke to me again.
“Ricky, he’s waiting for you. Frisbee’s waiting for you outside. You need to go to him.”
My heart began to settle and I was no longer scared but I was confused. I could tell this was no dream but still none of it made sense. How could a boy that had died the day before be standing next to my bed now? How did he even know about Frisbee? And why would Frisbee be outside, in the middle of the night, waiting for me?
“What do you mean, Donald? Why is Frisbee outside?” I asked in a whisper.
“There isn’t much time. You must go now. Please, I will take you to him, but we must hurry.”
Getting up out of bed I stood before him. We were now the same height and about the same weight. He no longer looked like he had at the hospital. He looked full and new.
I held out my hand thinking that he might take it and lead me to Frisbee, but he only smiled and turned and walked through my closed bedroom door.
I, on the other hand, had to open it, slowly, so I wouldn’t make a sound and found him on the other side, walking down the hallway. Listening for any tell tale signs of my parents stirring, I followed him to the front door.
“You must open it, but you must be very quiet,” he told me. “What you are about to see is very important.”
“What are you talking about?” I whispered. “What am I doing?”
“I wish I could tell you everything, but I can’t. I don’t even know much myself. My knowledge of this situation is limited. I was brought to you by another and told to take you to Frisbee.”
“Who?” I whispered in the dark. “Who brought you here? I didn’t see anyone with you.”
Donald seemed to grow impatient, not angry but anxious. The things that made him glow, the things that looked like golden ladybugs, began to buzz and churn, silently.
He said, “There are certain ways that things are done. When someone needs help or needs a push to help another, those ways must be done subtly and with as little interference from us as possible. One led me here and in turn I am to lead you to Frisbee. Frisbee will show you something that you need to make a very difficult decision about. What you decide and how you go about it is entirely up to you. But now you must go out, he’s waiting for you.”
I had no idea what any of it meant. I was having a hard enough time comprehending the fact that a dead boy was at my door. But, somehow, I knew to trust him. I knew that what he spoke was the truth and I knew I must follow him, not fear him.
Opening the front door, I was as quiet as I could be. My father must have oiled the hinges recently because they made no sound. I closed the door behind me but left it ajar just a crack so I wouldn’t make noise when I had to re-enter.
Standing on the doorstep I took in the night. Dark, ominous clouds hung in the sky, crackling with heat lightening as if Heaven were having a party. Lampposts burned at every fourth house on the block and except for the recesses between each house, the street was well lit.
Donald turned and waved me on. Just as I stepped down from the walk and my bare foot came into contact with the warm lawn a flash burst overhead followed a few seconds later by its thunderous progeny. In the momentary illumination I could see that Frisbee was waiting at the edge of the yard by the row of bushes that ran across the top of our hill. Donald stood statue still and pointed to him as if commanding me to go.
There was a three foot gap from the fence line of our backyard to the row of bushes and I went there and knelt next to Frisbee, hugged him around his neck.
“Hey, Fris. Hey, boy. What are you doing here?” I said, mimicking what I had done in my dream.
He was stock still and made no sound. Through the gap in the bushes he stared toward Steve’s house, stared at the darkness on the side by his gate.
I looked from him to where his gaze was cast and saw nothing but shadow.
“What is it?” I asked him. “Is something there?”
Still he looked on, not blinking, not budging and if not for his warmth I’d have thought he’d been stuffed. I strained my eyes to see what it was that held his attention so adamantly but still saw nothing, until the next flash of lightening.
On the side of Steve’s house, made visible for only a second or two was a dark figure wearing a hooded sweatshirt, closing the gate.
My heart knocked against my sternum. Not knowing if I had actually seen a person there, I turned to Frisbee for confirmation. Like before, he remained unmoving, staring.
Slowly I got my voice. “Who was that, Fris?” Was that Jacob?”
We were out of sight from whomever it was lurking across the street. I couldn’t see the figure any longer and I was certain that we couldn’t be seen from our position, but we kept quiet and as still as stones just in case.
When I heard Donald’s voice again it startled me. I thought for a moment that we would be discovered but a reassuring feeling swept over me, a feeling of knowing that only I could hear him.
“That is the one the authorities have named the Sesame Street Killer.”
Hearing that made my blood freeze and my ears ring and I instantly knew it to be the truth. I didn’t know how I knew and I didn’t know how Donald knew either. It just was.
I whispered, “How do you know?”
His reply was, “I know because Frisbee knows. It’s why he’s here.”
What the hell was he saying? We had just found that dog in a field, days before. Dogs didn’t know things. They just chased balls and bit the mailman. But immediately that stereotype was pushed from my mind and I knew it wasn’t us that found him, it was he who had found us.
I whispered frantically to Donald, “I can go inside and call the police. Or I can wake my parents up and have them call them.”
“No,” Donald answered. “That is not an option. They will not arrive in time.”
Frisbee and I continued to stare toward Steve’s house. We saw no more movement form his side yard, at least I didn’t.
“What am I supposed to do then?” I begged. “Why am I out here? I’m scared.”
“You were brought here to Frisbee so he could show you just how close this threat has come and that it has gone on too long. This evil needs to stop and only you, with the help of your friends, can do that. The authorities will never catch that monster by themselves. And, Ricky, if you choose to do nothing, someone close to you, someone that you love, will die.”
My heart sank with the weight of this revelation. I still couldn’t wrap my head around all that was happening. But if the killer was here, now, in our neighborhood, scoping houses, trolling for girls, some action needed to be taken.
“What do I do, Donald? How do I help?”
He replied, “That is something you must decide for yourself. That monster will be back some time tomorrow night. I can’t say when because the killer does not know when, yet. If you choose to do nothing it will only lead to more violence and more killing.”
It all sounded crazy. I was eight years old and I was being told by the ghost of a dead neighbor that I needed to stop a serial killer. It made no sense and seemed too surreal.
“Now,” Donald said and turned away, “I must go.”
“Go where?” I asked.
He stopped and looked back at me. 
“You know.”
And I was filled with great comfort. A sense of elation overcame me because; I did know.
“Yeah, I guess I do.” I paused a second before asking, “Hey, Donald, what’s it like?”
Staring at me with the saddest eyes I had ever seen, draining me of that euphoric feeling, making me want to cry, he said, “I can’t say.”
And somehow it made perfect sense to me. I needed to know one thing before he left though.
“Why did you come? I mean why was it you that was sent to me?”
He smiled now and his eyes cleared, the ladybugs went creamy white. “I asked to come. You’re special to me.”
“What do you mean? How am I special?”
“Because,” he explained, “you pushed me. That day back in kindergarten, on the swings, was the last, fun day of my life. You were the only one who would talk to me, the only one who would play with me. Thank you, Ricky, for giving me your time. You pushed me.”
There was another flash of lightening that blinded me. I never heard the accompanying thunder but the next thing I was aware of was the sunlight streaming in through the shades in my room. I blinked; feeling refreshed, got out form underneath my covers and thought of what had happened. It seemed as though I had just been with Donald and Frisbee but when I looked at the clock it read ten minutes past seven. I looked to Jason, lying in his bed, still sleeping and hoped that he had been at piece while he dreamt. I looked down to the foot of my bed and saw grass and leaves on my sheets.


FIFTY-THREE
I didn’t say anything to Jason about Donald and Frisbee or the shadowy figure at Steve’s when he woke up. I didn’t say anything to him at all until after we’d had our breakfast. When he got out of bed he was sluggish and dispirited. He went through the motions of getting dressed and getting himself to the table but he just poked at his eggs and toast. If our mom thought anything was wrong with him or if she had heard about what had happened to Amber, she neither said nor showed it.
It wasn’t until he was back in our room and sitting on his bed, head hung to his chest, that I said, “Jason, I need to tell you something. Steve and Cory too.”
He looked up at me for a moment; his eyes were wet but not running, and dropped his head once again.
“Not now,” he told me.
I sort of had a sense of how he was feeling. I knew that there was someone in his life, someone whom he was close to, that he would probably never see again and it hurt my heart to see him that way.
“Jason, please,” I begged. “It’s important. It’s real important. But I have to tell all of you at the same time.”
He looked up at me once more, eyes even sadder. I regretted it but I had to say it. It was the only way I could get him moving.
“I think it’s about Amber.”
Caught off guard by her name, he narrowed his eyes at me. “What about her?” he asked in an almost accusatory tone.
I shook my head and said, “Please, I’ll tell you, but we have to go talk to Steve and Cory too.”
After a moment he finally relented and the two of us told our mom that we were going out to play just like we would on any other summer day.
“Okay, just come back when you want lunch,” she hollered as the screen door shut behind us.
The day outside was already hot, but now the same dark clouds from the night before draped the sky like a boggy swamp. A faint shudder of thunder called out across the southland but no lightening could be seen, not yet anyway.
When we crossed the street I asked Jason to get Steve and told him that I would see if Cory was up yet. As luck had it he was and he’d already had his breakfast. Cory and I walked next door to the Hanel’s and found Steve and Jason talking quietly on his porch, Frisbee sat patiently at their feet. Steve nodded his head in a ‘What’s up?’ gesture as we approached.
“Ricky, what’s this all about?” Steve asked. “Jason says you’re dying to tell us something. Give up.”
I could only stand there for a minute, silent, thinking back to what had happened the previous night. Or had it been early that morning? Either way it was the same. Either way it was crazy. God, I hoped they believed me.
Finally, after getting my head straight, I said, “I know you guys are going to think this is nuts but…” I wasn’t sure how to continue without making myself look like the world’s stupidest kid with the world’s biggest imagination so I just decided to begin simple and see where it went. “Steve, I saw someone at your house last night.”
For a moment they only stared blankly back at me, waiting for me to continue. Steve blinked and shrugged.
“What do you mean you saw someone here last night? I don’t get it.”
I looked down at Frisbee searching for the right words to say. He looked back, his beautiful gold eyes staring into mine, urging me on.
I started once again. “I came outside last night and saw someone on the side of your house.”
Jason, still despondent and glum, asked, “What, did you come back out after dinner or something?”
Closing my eyes, I shook my head. “No. I mean late last night. Like after midnight, I think. I woke up and went out.”
“Why would you do that, Ricky?” Steve said. “What would make you get up out of bed and go out in the middle of the night?”
Before I even had a chance to think, I blurted, “Donald took me.”
And there it was. I hadn’t been sure I even wanted to tell them about my late night visitor and have them think I’d lost my bearings, but now it was too late.
They stared at me. Moments passed and I felt like a bug under a microscope. The three of them began to look as if they wanted to hit me. Jason looked about ready to cry again.
“Donald’s dead,” Cory said, flat. The two words were punctuated with a distant grumble of thunder.
As if this revelation had come as a surprise to him, Steve said, “What? When?”
“That’s what Jason and Ricky’s mom brought them in to tell them yesterday,” Cory said looking at us. “Right?”
We both nodded.
He went on. “When I went in my mom told me about it too.” He then looked at Steve. “Your mom didn’t tell you?”
Steve shook his head. “No. She got home kind of late last night. I was already asleep.”
Cory nodded and said, “Sunday.”
“Oh, God,” Steve croaked, looking stunned and sickened all at once. After a moment he looked at me, anger flashing in his eyes. “Why would you say something like that? That ain’t funny.”
“Steve,” I pleaded, “it’s not a joke. You guys, I saw someone over there last night.” I pointed to the side of Steve’s house were the gate was. “I know it sounds stupid but Donald came to me last night and told me to go by the hedges on our lawn and when I looked at your house I saw someone closing your gate.”
“So you’re saying Donald’s ghost took you out for a midnight stroll?” Cory snorted. He then added some spooky sounds for affect. “Ooooh.”
“Shut up!” I yelled at him and he actually did after flinching.
As if I were a three-year-old, Steve tried to explain what had happened to me. “Ricky, it was a dream. You know? That’s all. There are no such things as ghosts. Besides, if there had been someone at my house, Frisbee would have barked his head off and I didn’t hear him all night.”
“That’s because he was with me. On the lawn,” I told him. “See Donald took me to Frisbee and it was Frisbee that showed me the person by your gate. Closing your gate.”
Now it seemed as though he were becoming impatient with me. They all were.
“There’s no way Frisbee can get out of my yard. I’ve checked. I saw him in his doghouse before I went to sleep last night. I checked,” Steve exclaimed, jabbing a finger at my chest on the last word.
“Donald said it was the killer,” I told them. “He said it was that Sesame Street Killer we read about, the one that killed those girls. He said-“
“Enough shit, Ricky,” Jason cried angrily. “Whatever you’re trying to do, like Steve said, it ain’t funny.”
Frisbee began to bark and become agitated, whining and wagging his tail.
“Not cool, Ricky,” Steve said shaking his head. “Your brother’s already feeling like crap over Amber. You’re just making him feel worse.”
“Yeah,” Jason said with a flutter. “I’m going back home,” and turned and started off.
Frisbee was now marching toward the driveway, barking even louder and more rapidly. I couldn’t find a way to make them believe me which frustrated me to no end and I finally ended up yelling at all of them.
“I’m not making this shit up! You guys have to believe me! Donald said more girls will die!”
“Damn it, Ricky,” Steve said. “Get a hold of yourself.”
It had gotten their attention though. I felt bad about raising my voice to them and didn’t do it again. I simply muttered one word; “Please.”
Now standing at the edge of the driveway, about where I had seen the figure the night before, Frisbee continued his tireless barking.
Jason walked back toward us and Steve said, “I don’t know what you want us to do.” He then turned to Frisbee. “That’s enough, boy.”
But Frisbee kept up regardless.
Steve laid a hand on my shoulder, about to say something else but rolled his eyes instead and turned back toward the dog. “Frisbee. Quiet down!”
He didn’t quiet down though. Instead he walked to the gate on the side of the house and barked louder. It dawned on me then; Donald had taken me to Frisbee and in turn Frisbee had shown me the killer.
He will show you something.
“Come here,” I said. “All of you.”
I started toward the side gate at Steve’s yard, the other three trailing behind. Frisbee had his nose against the wooden planks of the fence, sniffing. His barking stopped once he saw that we intended to come to him.
“Open it up,” I told Steve.
He rolled his eyes again but humored me and snaked his arm over the top, unlatched the catch and pushed.
“Donald told me that Frisbee was going to show me something,” I said as the gate swung neatly open. “I think he’s still showing me.” A pause, then: “Us.”
Carefully trotting around the condensation puddle under the dryer vent, Frisbee went around and stuck his nose close to the wet, mushy mud as if to point and gave one last bark. There, in the middle of the muck, directly below Jackie’s window, was a single, large shoeprint.
Steve looked down at it and lost his breath a moment and then said, “Holy, God.”
Again, far off, thunder rolled like falling blocks.


FIFTY-FOUR
We moved to Cory’s playhouse. Now that I’d gotten their attention-Frisbee and I, actually-they wanted to work out exactly were that shoeprint might have come from. Steve brought the newspaper that lay in his driveway and we all climbed the steps to the wooden fort that served as our meeting room over the years. There wasn’t any real way to get Frisbee up without carrying him so we let him make himself comfortable on Cory’s back lawn. And although the sky was overcast and rumbling like a belly aching to be fed, the day was getting hotter and becoming very humid. We sat on the floor, trying to avoid splinters in our legs as Jason opened up the two sliding, wood windows to let the air circulate.
Cory said, “It don’t mean nothing. It’s just a stupid shoeprint. So what?”
Steve rolled the rubber band down the paper’s inky skin until it snapped off and bounced into a corner.
“Yeah, but who’s footprint is it?” he asked as he began leafing through sections of The Press-Enterprise.
“Ah, gee,” Cory said in his usual smartass tone, “here’s a thought. Maybe it’s Jacob’s.”
Steve shook his head, making his long hair dance away from the scar on his forehead. “Naw. You know my brother doesn’t were anything but those dumb, pointy cowboy boots. He thinks they make him look cool. Make him look like a fag, I say. Besides, that footprint came from a work boot. It might be about the same size as Jacob’s but he doesn’t wear work boots.”
Then I said something that made Steve’s eyes go wide and the paper rattle in his hands. I knew he’d noticed it too.
“It was underneath Jackie’s window. I think who ever I saw last night was looking into her room.” I paused a moment to look at each of them. “I know you guys think it sounds weird but Donald told me that the person I saw really is the Sesame Street Killer. I believed him. I wish you guys would believe me.”
Jason said, “Ricky, it’s not that we don’t want to believe you, it’s just that… well, a ghost? Come on. Maybe you were just dreaming. You know?”
“I wasn’t,” I told him. “When I woke up this morning there was grass in my bed. How do you explain that?”
“Maybe you went to bed with it on your feet,” he countered.
“I took a bath before bed,” I shot back.
Steve tossed aside the first section of the newspaper and moved on to section B: the Local section.
“Okay,” Cory added, “maybe it was the guy that comes to read the gas meter’s footprint. They always wear big boots like those. And the gas meter is by Jackie’s window.”
Again Steve shook his head as he flipped through pages. “Nope. He came about two weeks ago. I had to show him how to open the gate. Besides, I go through that way everyday and I would have noticed a big boot print like that. It wasn’t there yesterday.”
Everyone fell silent, having run out of suggestions to account for the mysterious print. We sat, our shirts sticking to us, waiting to see what it was that Steve was looking for in the paper.
Another crash of thunder reverberated above.
Finally Steve looked up at us. He folded the page in half, tapped it with his finger and tossed it on the floor between us. We craned our necks out to read the headline.
It was simple. It read: Sesame Street Killer Claims third victim!
The article was smaller than the other two that Steve had read us days before, as if the police were ashamed that they hadn’t caught the person responsible for the killings yet so they ran the story smaller, hidden in the section marked: Briefs.
The girl’s name was Kelly Carter. A bag boy had found her body in a dumpster behind the Alpha-Beta grocery store on Joy Street when he went out to have a smoke. They linked the death to the Sesame Street Killer by the chunk of ceramic still wedged in her neck. The piece had once been a part of a large jar that bore resemblance to the character; the Cookie Monster. The article also gave mention of a girl named Amber Nelson that had been missing since Saturday night or early Sunday morning.
“Ricky,” Steve said in a whisper. “Tell us exactly what happened to you last night.”
And so I did. I took it slow and over the course of the next fifteen minutes or so I tried to remember every detail of my night venture.
I started off by telling them about the Dark Dream and the bubbles. About how I had seen Frisbee in the house surrounded in gray-light and even how I had thought I’d dreamt of him before, barking in a field of dead grass and Oscar the Grouch children; them with their burnt, bleeding faces.
I told them that I thought Frisbee had woke me and how I had seen Donald standing in our bedroom and how magnificent he had looked, about him leading me to Frisbee and telling me that Frisbee was sent to find us. I told them how I had gone outside and how Frisbee had been staring toward Steve’s house, unblinking, showing me the shadowy figure on the side of his house. I ended with me back in my bed, that morning, with grass and leaves on my sheets.
“But before I went back inside, Donald told me that the killer would be back tomorrow night. Which is tonight.”
“I still say you were dreaming,” Cory said. “Or sleepwalking.”
I thought back to the previous Tuesday when I had awoke in Cory’s laundry hamper. I had sleepwalked then, but the night before was different. I knew it was real.
“Okay,” Steve said, “let’s just say for the moment that what happened to Ricky last night actually did happen. That means that someone was on my side yard looking into my sister’s bedroom window.”
“And?” Cory asked.
“And, what if it is this Sesame Street Killer? Why not my sister? All the girls that have been killed so far are around her age.”
I could tell he was beginning to get freaked a bit. His eyes were wide and his hands still shook.
“Steve,” Jason said, “we can’t just think the worst. I mean what’s the chances of this killer coming to our street and-“
Steve turned on my brother with ferocity. “I…believe…Ricky,” he stated with a force that made all of us flinch. I also felt relief that someone else thought that I was telling the truth. “From the moment I saw that shoeprint by Jackie’s window I knew that someone had been back there, looking in. And whether you guys want to believe Ricky or not makes no difference to me; because I believe him.” He stopped, panting, sweat leaked from his brow. With a labored breath, he got out, “And I won’t ever let anything happen to my sister again.”
He stared, his chest rising and falling with every shuttered intake of air. His lips quivered and his eyes went wet. We were all silent for a moment but Jason finally found his voice and asked the question we’d all wanted to know since the day Steve had lost it at the Tree.
“What happened to Jackie, Steve? What happened to you sister?”
Steve only stared blankly as if lost in a long tunnel then, finally, took one more hitching breath, looked up and broke down sobbing.


FIFTY-FIVE
An eternity passed and Steve wept into his hands. There was no hiding from us the embarrassment he must have felt. When you’re a child and you see one of your own crying and know that he has a good reason for doing so, you feel that little bit of degradation for him and hold it in your heart in silent mourning. You may feel a bit awkward for doing so but you also let that friend ride out his shame until he can get his shit back together.
And, Steve eventually did just that.
He sniffed and wiped his eyes with his small fingers. We knew he was about to abide in us some very difficult truth, something he didn’t really want to tell us, but knew he had to.
When he was ready he said, “This stays here. Right here in this playhouse and it never leaves. You got it?”
We nodded our understanding. And for the record this was never mentioned to another soul by any one of us until now.
He continued.
“I’ve never told anyone this before. The only people who know everything about this are me, Jacob, my mom… and my dad.” He stopped a moment as if remembering he needed to add something else. “And I guess a few people in the legal system. Guys, I’m so embarrassed about what happened but I need to tell you so you’ll understand. I almost told you about it last week at the Tree, but I just couldn’t. I feel like such a pussy when I cry like this.”
He lifted his long bangs to expose his forehead and the gnarled scar on his brow.
“You know who gave me this?” he asked.
When he had broken down days before, at the Tree, he had said something about his father and the scar, but we didn’t know the details. Now, we weren’t sure if we wanted to hear them, but let him go on anyway.
“My father gave me this,” he said and then paused, looking Cory in the eye, “for my seventh birthday. He hadn’t planned to do it that day, I don’t think, but I’m pretty sure I would have gotten it sooner or later. Maybe not on my head but I would have had some sort of reminder from him on my body, I’m sure.
“We used to live in Home Gardens before we moved to Cottonwood. My dad worked at John’s Mansville cutting rolls of fiberglass or something. I know he worked a swing shift and didn’t get off until midnight and then still didn’t come home until after two, after the bar closed.
“Anyway, there was this one night, it was a Saturday, I remember because like I said it was my birthday. Dad had been at work but my mom had cooked me a special pork chop dinner and then we had a chocolate cake that she had baked. Jackie and Jacob helped her too-back when he still liked me. My dad was never there for any of my birthdays. None that I remember anyway. He was always working or ‘Something had come up.’”
Steve was getting back under control by this time. He stared down at his Vans slip-ons as if the story he was telling us was written on them like cue cards.
“That’s one thing about birthdays at our house. It’s always been the rule that you have no bedtime. That one day out of the year we could stay up and watch TV until we zonked out or pretty much do what we wanted. On that night, I remember there being nothing good on TV so I decided to go into my room and listen to my Queen record. After I had finished all the songs I switched over to Cheap Trick, I think. Or maybe it was Ted Nuggent. Anyway, when I was done with that second album I remember checking my clock and it said it was two-fourteen in the morning.
“Two-fourteen,” he repeated and looked at us. “I remember the exact time from almost six years ago because it became the time that my dad began to hate me.”
His eyes had glassed over again when he looked back to us.
“When I was done with the Cheap Trick record, yeah, it was Cheap Trick; I stopped the record player and headed to the bathroom to take a leak before I went to bed.
“And as I was walking down the hall I noticed that the door to Jackie’s room was closed almost all the way, except for just a crack. The light was on in there and I thought, What’s her light doing on? So when I went to check I opened the door real slow so I wouldn’t wake her up and instead I saw my dad sitting on her bed and he had her on his lap.”
He stopped the story for a few seconds. A lone tear ran down his left cheek and jumped to its death. His bottom lip began to tremble. A few sniffs later he managed to go on.
“Her clothes were off. She was awake and her eyes were wide open and her clothes were off. My dad hadn’t heard me open her bedroom door. His back was to me. Jackie didn’t hear me either and I really didn’t know just what it was that he was doing. I thought at first he might be changing her diaper or something because she was naked but she would have been lying on the ground for that. And plus he used to get pissed at my mom if she asked him to change her, said it was woman’s work.
“Well, anyway, I stepped into the room a few feet and saw that he was sort of rocking back and forth and it sounded like he was breathing heavy and stuff. It wasn’t until a few seconds later that Jackie looked up at me and said my name. My dad jumped up and just let her fall to the floor.”
Steve had to stop again. His sobbing was coming hard and heavy. It wasn’t outright wailing but that silent, open mouthed crying that kids do when they know they’ve fucked up bad or when they remember something they don’t want to, something bad. And that kind of crying is catching too, because it made us all tear up as well. My hand went to my eyes to rub away leakage.
But still he went on with his story.
In a series of perforated sobs he said, “When he turned around his dick was hanging out of his pants. He was just jerking off. It wasn’t like he was…” Steve fumbled to explain, as if trying to make an excuse for his father or to let us know that his little sister at least had not been raped by him.
“But still,” he whined, “what kind of person does that to their own daughter? She was only three.”
He looked up at the ceiling and pounded his fists on the floor of the playhouse. As if mocking him, thunder bellowed about the dark sky.
“God, I hope she doesn’t remember that,” he said and wiped his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt.
“When he saw me standing there, staring at him, staring at his thing, he just lost it. He zipped up his fly and rushed me, grabbed me by the throat. I’ve never seen anyone move so fast.
“He got right up in my face and I could smell that he’d been drinking. He told me that if I ever said anything to my mom, he’d fucking kill me. And then he just let me go, walked right past me and into the living room.
“Well after I got my breath back I went to Jackie to check on her. She was just lying there, next to her bed, sucking her thumb. She didn’t cry or anything. She’s always been strong.
“I began to wonder if that had been the first time he’d done something like that to her. I thought probably it wasn’t. And it made me feel like I’d never felt before. I can’t even tell you guys how righteously pissed I was at that moment.
“Then I lost it.
“The first thing I wanted to do was to grab a knife and stab him. Make him hurt. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to kill him or just hurt him really, really bad.
“I went straight to the kitchen and just as I was about to open the knife drawer, I heard the crack-pop of a beer tab being pulled. And for some reason that sound calmed me down just enough to let me know that I didn’t want to stab my own father. I knew I couldn’t hurt him as much as he’d just hurt me and as much as he had been hurting Jackie. 
“I loved him so much. I always wanted to be just like him. I always wanted to impress him and I never could.”
He said this last part while his eyes were away in some far off place chasing lost hopes. Soon enough he snapped back to the present.
“It still pissed me off to think that he could do that to my sister and then just sit down in front of the TV and drink a beer as if nothing had happened.
“But instead of reaching for a knife, I reached for the phone. I wasn’t trying to be loud but at the same time I wasn’t being all that quiet either.
“I put the receiver to my ear and when I had made sure there was a dial tone I called the operator. It rang twice before a lady answered and asked what my emergency was. I said, ‘I’m calling because…’ and then I just sort of drew a blank, because I didn’t know what to tell her. I was all the sudden afraid to tell her what my father had done. But I tried anyway. I said, ‘I’m calling because my dad was-‘ and that was as far as I got. That’s when the lamp hit me in the face and busted my head clean open. I didn’t really feel any pain right then though. It was kind of like when your leg falls asleep, how it tingles. That’s how my whole face felt. Then I was kind of wobbling around, trying to grab on to something to keep myself up. The last thing I saw was my dad standing in front of me, looking like he wanted to eat me, his beer was still in his hand.
“Then the blood started running in my eyes and it stung like a bitch. It stung so bad that I pissed my pants. I pissed myself because I had never made it to the bathroom. Some dad’s throw a baseball to their kids, my dad threw lamps.”
Tears still fell from his eyes but he gave a small chuckle at this last revelation.
“I don’t remember much after that, not until I woke up in the back of the ambulance. My mom told me later that she and Jacob had woke up when they heard the lamp break. She said she came into the kitchen and found me lying in a pool of my own blood and nearly fainted. She thought I was dead. My dad was back, sitting on the couch with his beer, still watching the tube. She said she was about to ask him what happened when the phone started ringing. I guess if you hang up during an emergency call (which my dad had done), they call you back. But he told her not to answer it. When they called back a second time and still no one answered they sent a patrol car out to check on things.”
Steve no longer cried but his eyes were a puffy, red mess and his cheeks had tracks down them. Looking up at us, he smiled. “The cops ended up taking him away in handcuffs that night. And after that we moved here to Cottonwood. 
“I’ve never seen him again and I never want to. I hate him and I hope he’s dead and burning in Hell right now.”
Steve took a deep breath and said, “That’s why Jacob hates me so much. He thinks that it’s all my fault that our dad got arrested. He thinks I made daddy go away.
“See Jacob was his favorite. I don’t know why. Maybe it was because he was the oldest, because he was the first. But Jacob looked up to our dad the same way I did, probably more.
“What’s worse is I think that Jacob is turning into him. My dad, I mean. It was a couple of months ago when almost the same thing happened. I was getting up out of bed to use the bathroom and as I’m walking down the hall I looked in on Jackie. I always have since that night with my father. But this last time, Jacob was in there and he was standing over her bed while she slept. He didn’t have his thing hanging out but he was rubbing the front of his pants while he looked at her. It took me right back to that night six years ago.
“This time I didn’t walk in and say anything to him but I went to the bathroom and turned the light on and closed the door a little louder than I would have normally, loud enough so he’d hear me. And when I was done I looked in Jackie’s room again and he was gone. I slept sitting up next to her bed the rest of that night.
“But you see? I think he wants to do what my dad used to do. I don’t think he’s ever touched Jackie; I think she would have said something to me. But if he hasn’t yet I think he will soon. And guys, I just cannot let that happen. Because after that night I found my dad with my sister and all that shit happened I made a promise to myself; I would never, ever let anything bad happen to my little sister again. Ever.”
We all sat in silence, wiping our eyes as minutes passed, then Steve said, “You see now? Even if that shoeprint turns out to be nothing, okay then, fine. But for some reason, I think that what Ricky saw last night was real. Because he knows it’s real.”
I nodded, solemnly.
“And if it is this Sesame Street Killer coming back for Jackie then I can’t sit around and do nothing. That’s my baby sister.”
Cory said, “Maybe we can just call the cops, have them come by tonight.”
Steve and I shook our heads in unison and he said, “We don’t know what time to call them. What do we say, ‘We think the Sesame Street Killer will be at my house tonight so send a patrol car every fifteen minutes just in case?’ They’d laugh at us and hang up.” Then he looked at me and continued. “Plus, Donald said that wouldn’t work didn’t he. It has to be us.”
“Don’t tell me you believe in ghosts now too, Hanel,” Cory fired.
Steve just shook his head and said, “Maybe not a ghost, maybe… an angel.”
Coming from the only guy in the group that didn’t believe in God, it sounded strange. But it also sounded right.
“Jason?” Steve said. “I know we don’t know for sure what happened to Amber, but I think we can say that the same person that killed those other girls may have taken her too.”
New tears formed in Jason’s eyes and then spilled down his face. He nodded, wiping at them with the back of his hand.
“And there’s something else,” Steve added, “something that I’ve been thinking about for the last couple of days, ever since we met up with Mike in Dead Grove.”
He stopped and looked to Cory, gauging his reaction.
Cory said, “What? You know something about him that we don’t? Is he after me again? Is he after all of us?” Then his eyes sprung open. “Is he-“
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know. I’m not going to jump to anything right now. It’s just something he said to you that day and something I saw too.”
We all leaned in, waiting for Steve to disclose what he new, or thought he knew. 
Jason said, “Tell us.”
Bobbing his head, Steve said, “When Mike found us in Dead Grove and he started attacking Cory, I remember he said something like, ‘I’m going to do to you what I did to that little bitch last night.’”
We waited, still not getting the whole picture.
“You remember how it looked like there was dried blood on that knife he had? Well on Sunday morning when I went in to Jacob’s room and took his Zippo, I saw his t-shirt lying on the floor, kind of hidden under his pants. Well, when I grabbed it and held it up it had dried blood spots on the front of it too.”
He looked to each of us, seeing if we had made the connection but it was still just out of our grasp.
“Jacob and Mike were together on Saturday night,” Steve explained and then turned to Jason. “Amber went missing on Saturday night.”
Slowly, as if in a dream, Jason said, “Steve? Did your brother and Mike do something to Amber?”
Steve just bowed his head. 
“I don’t know.”
Cory said, “If Jacob and Mike did do something to her that means that they could both be Sesame Street Killers, doesn’t it?”
But Steve only shrugged and answered, “I don’t know, Cory. But I can’t really see why Jacob would go into our backyard and look through Jackie’s window when he could look at her from the inside of the house. And like I said before, he doesn’t wear the kind of boots that made that print in the mud.” Silence for a second, then: “But Mike does.”
This new information shocked the daylights out of us. Now there were two more people to add to our list of potential killers.
I got off my butt and squatted down and asked, “Well, if we’re going to do something, what do you think it is we should do?”
“Donald didn’t tell you what we were supposed to do?” Cory said sarcastically. “Listen guys, I think we should just call the police and tell them what’s going on. Or maybe tell our parents and have them deal with it, you know?”
The day had grown hotter still even though dark thunder clouds hid the sun. The air in the playhouse was stifling and our clothes had matted to our skin, our hair stuck to our brows.
I stood up to stretch my legs and peered out of one window. Frisbee lay on Cory’s back lawn in his sphinx position, staring up at us, waiting for us to finish.
“It won’t work that way,” Steve chided. “We’re not even going to consider that an option. I will understand if you guys don’t want to help deal with this situation with me, but I’m going to do something tonight. I’ll stay up all night waiting if I have to. If my sister’s in trouble then I’ll do whatever it takes to help her. And remember, Cory, you have a sister too. It could have been yours.” Then he pointed to Jason and me. “Or yours.”
The silence that followed lasted far too long and was broken only by the occasional wrecking ball sound of thunder.
Finally, after heavy contemplation, Jason said, “I’ll help. I’ll do whatever I can. I don’t care what it is. You guys know I liked Amber and I think she deserves this at least. I’ll help, for her… and for Jackie.”
I dipped my head in agreement as well. If Jason could do something, I could too and there was always strength in numbers.
We then looked to Cory and Steve said, “Come on, Dayborne. I bet we’ll be heroes.”
This made him raise his head and grin. “Heroes? Okay, what the hell. I didn’t have anything to do tonight anyway.”
I turned back to Steve and asked, “What are you thinking? You’ve got something planned already, don’t you?”
And for the first time since we’d entered the playhouse he smiled, his eyes now free of tears. He looked almost rejuvenated. “I think so. But before I tell you, I want us to all promise to each other that no matter what happens, even if things go bad, we will always be friends until the end.”
Jason shot a hand out between us and said,” Always.”
Cory and I, at the same time, laid our hands on top of his and repeated, “Always.”
And even though he had started it, Steve was the last one in on the oath. “Always.”
We pumped our hands twice and broke the hold and Steve said, “Jason, Ricky, do you think your mom and dad will let you spend the night here at Cory’s tonight?”
Jason and I nodded that we thought this would probably be okay. We could talk them into it.
“Cory,” he went on, “do you think you can ask your dad to pitch that tent of yours in your backyard and tell him we’re going to watch the lightening storm tonight?”
“There’s going to be a lightening storm tonight?” I asked.
“That’s what it says in the paper,” he said and then pointed out one of the small windows. “Besides, I think it’s already started.”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure he’ll do that for us,” Cory told Steve.
“Good,” Steve said. “Now listen close guys. There’s a lot of things we’re going to need to do to prepare for this. I think I may know a way to trap the killer. And once we do that then we can call the police to take over.”
“What do you mean trap?” I asked. “Where? How?”
Steve looked at me and said, “The where, is going to be at the abandoned house up on Fullerton. The how… well, that’s what we’re going to talk about right now. Ricky, you can run pretty fast, right?”
And so we sat in Cory’s playhouse for the next few hours devising a plan on how to catch a serial killer. We were so young and stupid and we didn’t even know it. But at that moment our adrenaline was rushing, burning through our bodies, at least mine was. And what kid didn’t want to become a hero? We would be the talk of the town, maybe even the talk of the state. Hell, why not the country for that matter?
But little did I know, I was about to be used by the best friends I’d ever known to make Steve’s plan work. I can say that I was used for the right reasons and I would be able to forgive them for it later (we were doing this to protect Jackie after all), but it would come close to costing me my life.


FIFTY-SIX
Hours later we emerged from the playhouse in Cory’s backyard, hot, sticky and a bit anxious at what lay ahead that night. We had sat around while Steve came up with ways that we might lure the Sesame Street Killer up to the abandoned house. The best way he could think of was to use me as bait. The idea of it didn’t settle well with me at first but he assured me that he would be with me the whole time, him and his trusty BB gun. Not that it was much of a weapon, but it was better than nothing at all.
Too, there would be other things that we would try and use to slow the killer down a bit. And there was the fact that we were kids in our prime and we should be faster; that and Frisbee would be with us as well.
In the newspaper articles about the girls who had been murdered, it always stated that they were killed with an object that directly related to the Sesame Street TV show. With Amy Garret it had been a shoestring with Muppet characters on it; a piece of ceramic cookie jar that had once looked like the Cookie Monster had been used to cut Kelly Carter’s throat. Only Melissa Brown had been killed by something else. That article didn’t say what it was but it didn’t seem likely that she was killed with the Oscar the Grouch mask.
So we had a good assumption that the killer didn’t use guns or knives and as long as we could keep a safe distance we thought we’d be fine. And Steve and I planned to stay safely apart in the event that one of us was grabbed, that way the other could go around yelling and pounding on neighbors doors to alert someone.
But our entire plan revolved around leading the killer up to the house and rigging the front door to lock from the outside, so there would be no escape for an adult. I would have to go through and come out the way I went in on Sunday; through the open vent on the side of the garage.
We only hoped that we could pull it off.
But now, outside, in Cory’s front yard, Steve said, “Jason, Cory, after we grab some tools from my house I want you guys to head up to Fullerton and start getting that lock ready.”
They nodded that they understood what their assignment was.
“While you guys are up there, I’m going to get a few things ready here at home,” he continued and then looked at me. “Ricky, you know how important your job is going to be, right? For now, all I want you to do is go home, ask your mom and dad if you and Jason can spend the night at Cory’s. Don’t tell them anything about us staying out in his tent though. And then I want you to just try and take a nap for a while. You have a lot of work to do tonight. Do you understand?”
I told him that I did.
He paused a moment, staring at me and said, “Are you scared?”
I told him that I was but that I knew that what we were doing was going to help Jackie and any other girls that the Sesame Street Killer would prey on in the future. Not to mention; I really liked Jackie. I would do this no matter how scared I was. We all would. We all had sisters to think about as well.
I headed for home and the others headed for Steve’s to start getting things ready. Tonight would be a test of our friendship and our loyalty to one another.
Once I was inside I went straight to my mom and hugged her.
“What’s that for?” she asked.
“Just because you’re the best mom in the world,” I told her.
She hugged me even harder and said, “That’s nice. Where’s your brother?”
“He wanted to hang out with Steve and Cory a while longer. They’re making something in Steve’s garage.”
It wasn’t a lie. They actually did have a project to do; pounding nineteen nails through a piece of plywood.
“Are you hungry?” she asked.
I nodded that I was. “Just a little snack and then I want to take a nap. I’m kind of tired.”
“Sure,” she said, feeling my forehead. “You okay? Your heads a little warm.”
I was still hot from the time spent in the playhouse. “I’m fine, just tired.”
“Okay. How about a peanut butter sandwich?”
“Sure,” I told her and sat at the table.
After eating and finishing off a whole glass of milk I asked her if it would be alright for Jason and me to stay over at Cory’s house that night. She thought about it a moment, asked if it was okay with his parents and when I said that it was she gave me the go ahead. It was almost too easy. I half hoped and half expected for her to say no and foil all of our plans with that one word.
Then just after three o’clock I went to my room and lay down. It wasn’t until around four that I fell asleep. I dreamt of nothing.
I was shook awake by Jason at just before six in the evening. “Come on, Ricky. It’s time to get up for dinner,” he said and then spoke so we wouldn’t be overheard by our parents. “We got everything ready. It’s all set up. Mom already told me that you asked about staying at Cory’s tonight, but we have to eat dinner before we can go over there.”
Half asleep and still groggy, I wondered what he meant by having everything set up. Then as my head cleared and I thought of all that Steve had planned out for us, my stomach sank. Now that it was closer to sundown and the killer’s return, dread began to take hold of me. I shook it off as best I could, knowing that we would all be together and all going through with it as a team.
After getting to the bathroom and washing my hands, I sat at the kitchen table. Susan sat next to me, staring, thumb wedged between bottom and top lips. Mom put a plate in front of each of us and it wasn’t until then that I saw what she had made for dinner.
Pork chops.
Steve’s story came back to me full force and I visualized the details of his seventh birthday. 
Mom cooked me a special pork chop dinner.
It felt like an omen and I ended up eating only about half of what was served me, the other half I pushed around my plate with my fork. Neither my mom nor my dad said anything about my behavior at dinner but Jason kept giving me eye signals as if to tell me to quite messing around and hurry up. When we were done we took our dishes to the sink and went to pack a change of clothes in a bag. Our dad got a couple of sleeping bags down for us. We didn’t tell them that we would be sleeping outside in Cory’s backyard but we always took sleeping bags whenever we spent the night at a friend’s house. 
At seven, just before we went to Cory’s, I went back into my bedroom and grabbed the shoestring that had been kept in my desk drawer for the last week. I had been meaning to get rid of it for days and knew now was the time. We hugged our mom and told her that we would see her in the morning and made our way across the street. Cory and his family had eaten dinner as well and his dad was out back pitching the tent on the lawn for us. We set our sleeping bags down in the living room and then followed Cory to his bedroom to talk in privacy.
“What about Steve?” I asked after he shut the door. “When is he coming over?”
Jason sat on Cory’s bed and Cory went to his record player and put on an album to mask our voices. It was Van Halen’s Fair Warning. The first song to come on was Mean Street.
“He’s going to meet us in the backyard later. His mom won’t be home from work until after nine tonight. He said he didn’t think his mom would say no to sleeping over, but if she did he’d have to sneak out after she went to bed,” Jason explained.
Cory said, “Yeah, Jason and I went up to that house a little earlier and got everything ready. Did he tell you?”
I nodded. I remembered him saying something about it as I was waking up.
“Well,” Cory went on, “we were able to take the padlock off and we got the doorknob turned around. You think you can go through with this, Ricky?”
Now that time was running out, I had started to feel a little more apprehensive about the whole situation. It felt as though some large insect had laid eggs in my belly and they were now beginning to hatch. I also knew that we had to do this. For Jackie and Amber and for all the other girls that had been senselessly murdered by the evil figure that would be visiting Steve’s house later. The ‘point of no return’ had passed long ago.
Finally, I nodded. “We’re all going to be together though, right?”
Jason leaned over and put his hand on my shoulder. “Ricky, we would never let anything happen to you. But you just got to remember to stick to the plan. And plus, you know Frisbee will be there too.”
After a moment, I hugged him and as awkward as it was, I hugged Cory too.
Guy knocked on the bedroom door and after a couple seconds opened it. “Alright, troops, the tent’s all set up. Feel free to get your sleeping bags ready anytime.” Cory’s dad slurred his words a bit as he said this and struggled to not drop the half full rum and Coke in his hand.
We looked at one another and left the room just as Dirty Movies started. Cory turned back and killed the power to the record player making David Lee Roth’s voice go deeper and slower before it faded all together. Back in the living room we grabbed our sleeping bags and Cory gave his mom a quick kiss on the cheek. She herself was halfway through a tall glass of orange juice that by the looks of it had a generous pouring of vodka in it. Good, his parents would be nice and snockered by midnight and wouldn’t be any the wiser to our activities.


FIFTY-SEVEN
Steve didn’t show up to Cory’s house until after ten, his BB gun in his right hand, Frisbee at his heels. We were inside the tent testing and retesting the flashlight, talking in hushed tones when he flipped the flap to the entrance, scaring the crap out of all of us. 
“Geez,” Cory said. “What took you?”
Steve, leaving Frisbee to lie on the grass just outside the entrance said, “Mom got home a little late tonight. After I asked if I could stay over she had a long talk with me about staying inside and away from anything tall that would attract lightning. She said it’s supposed to be one hell of an electrical storm tonight.” And as if to prove this point, the tent lit up as if God had taken our picture from Heaven above. Seconds later the sound of thunder rocked the earth. It was closer now and we felt the reverberation in our chests. We cringed from the noise as Steve continued. “Of course I promised her that we would all be sleeping inside your house, Cory, and would be there all night.” He paused a moment and looked down. “I hate lying to her.”
“What about Jackie?” I asked. The Sesame Street Killer would be coming for her tonight and Steve had told us that he would talk to her about sleeping somewhere besides her own bedroom, just in case.
“I told her to sleep with my mom tonight,” Steve said as he began loading BB after BB into his rifle. “It worked out well enough too because she’s kind of scared of thunder. After mom talked to me about the storm I made up some crap about how big and loud it would be and that she should stay in my mom’s room. I told her all serious so she wouldn’t want to sleep alone. I’m pretty sure she’ll do what I’ve asked her.” 
And so everything was set. All we needed to do now was play the waiting game. Part of our plan was to have one of us stand watch for an hour or so and then come get someone else to relieve them. We had no idea what time exactly the killer would show so we would place a man at the fence between Cory’s and Steve’s house to be a lookout. Jason took the first shift.
Once he was out of the tent it made room for Frisbee to join us. He sat next to me, his head in my lap. I scratched behind his ears and he stared at me with his golden eyes, easing my mind. We were nearing the zero hour now and he was the only thing keeping me from bolting home and crawling under my covers and forgetting about everything we had planned. But it was him that had set our plan into motion in the first place. Not just from the night before when Donald had led me to him and he had showed me the shadowy figure at Steve’s gate but from the moment we had found him at the Tree. I don’t believe that was an accident; us finding that dog, or him finding us. That was certainly meant to be.
The red bandana still hung around his neck as if he were a retired cowboy, though it was becoming a bit dirty and there was a tear near the end of the triangle at his breast. Steve would need to wash it when we were done with this whole crazy ordeal, if we could do everything right and get out of it with our lives, if fate decided not to be a cruel bitch to us that night.
Another flash of lightening. Another rumble of thunder.
Jason came back to the tent at around eleven thirty. He said that his ass was starting to hurt sitting on the concrete by the gate. From that vantage point he was able to see all of Steve’s front yard, though the only place that wasn’t visible was the gate on the other side of Steve’s house, the spot where I had seen the killer the night before. But Steve had thought about this and had set up a metal trashcan just inside the gate. If it were to be opened anymore than six inches-which it would have to be to gain access to his backyard-then the can would fall over and make just enough noise for the person standing watch to hear.
Steve was next at the post and took his BB gun along with him. Jason and Cory began to talk about school and who they thought might be in their classes when they went back in September. Their talked died down when Jason realized that Amber probably wouldn’t be returning in the fall. And like a good friend, Cory began talking about baseball to get his mind off of her. Jason was doing a little better now, since seeing the flyer with her picture on it the day before at the Plunge. I don’t think it’s ever a matter of ‘just not caring’ with kids when something tragic happens to someone they know, but they can kind of fold in on themselves and block that pain out, as if they contain some kind of trauma blocking gene that tells them, ‘Hey, you’re still just a kid. Get through this and life will go on. You’ve got plenty of years left in you.’
I wished that gene were saying something like that to me just then, keeping me calm instead of anxious.
But I guess that was what Frisbee was there for. Because even though every few minutes there was a burst of lightening and crack of thunder, as I sat petting him, he would give off one of those sighs that only dogs can do; the kind that come from deep in their lungs when their about to fall asleep. Such a soothing sound, those sighs.
And sooth me it did for the next hour or so until Steve came back and told Cory that it was his turn to keep watch. Of course Cory bitched about it a bit and wanted to know why it was his turn instead of mine. But in the end, Steve’s argument won out and Cory left the tent and sat by the fence, by himself, on the other side of the yard, listening.
It was nearly two o’clock in the morning. Steve had taken a longer shift than Jason had for two reasons. The first was because he was older and he could tolerate sitting there longer. The second-though he never suggested it, I kind of just figured-was because I think he wanted to be the one to catch the Sesame Street Killer in the act. It was his house that was being violated, his sister that was being stalked and so I believed that he wanted to be the one that led us to battle.
But it wasn’t him, it was Cory.
At almost three o’clock on the nose Frisbee lifted his head out of my lap and turned to face in the direction of Steve’s house, ears pricked. He couldn’t see through the tent’s canvas lining, but he stared in that general direction.
Seconds later we heard Cory running across the grass. He made a sound once like he may have fallen or slipped; a dull thud that sounded almost as loud as the thunder above. His teeth clapped together when he went down. In the next moment he ripped back the flap of the tent, his eyes were wide and untamed like a horse that has broken its leg. His body was racked with shakes.
“Fuck,” he said, his voice sounding different, broken like he would cry soon. His legs gave out and he sat down hard on his rear. “Someone,” he tried and failed and then tried again, began to ramble. “Someone’s out there. Someone just went to your house Steve. Fuck, I thought Ricky was bullshiting, making the whole thing up, acting like-like-like a baby to get some attention. I didn’t know. I didn’t know. Shit they just parked an old white car by Jason and Ricky’s hill across from your house, got out and strolled over to your side yard like nothing, like it was nothing, like they lived there instead of you. I wasn’t sure at first if they were just going to the Burdick’s next door to you, maybe they lived there or they were going to visit someone there but then I thought who goes to visit someone at three in the morning and why wouldn’t they just pull up to the curb in front of the house and then it just didn’t make any sense at all and then I heard the trashcan fall and-”
“Cory!” Steve said, sternly.
Cory’s mouth continued to move though no words came out. It was as if someone had hit his mute button.
We were all on our knees now, Frisbee on all fours. I had never had my stomach feel the way it did at that moment. Not even when Ben had chased us out of Dead Grove. I wanted to vomit but knew I couldn’t, knew we didn’t have time for it.
“Cory,” Steve said again. “What did they look like?”
He stared back at Steve, a muddled look on his face as if someone had asked him what the currency exchange was in Brazil. Cory only shook his head.
“What did you see? Clothes. What kind of clothes? Tall? Short? Fat? Skinny? What?” Steve demanded in a tone that was too fast and sounded nothing like his own.
Cory thought, stared, his eyes big like fried eggs. Finally he shrugged, shook his head and said, “Dark.”
When he spoke that word it instantly sent a chill up my spine and made my arms prickle in gooseflesh. I thought of my dreams-my Dark Dreams-and the bubbles and the voices.
“What do you mean dark?” Steve said aggressively through clenched teeth. “What does that mean?” Steve was becoming more and more agitated as we lost precious seconds.
Cory was shaking his head back and forth, trying not to upset Steve, if that were possible. “I don’t know, just dark. It was like a sweatshirt, a black one. Like what Ricky said he saw last night. With the hood pulled up.” He then looked at me. “I’m sorry, Ricky. I didn’t know.”
Then Steve did something way out of character. Something he wouldn’t do under normal circumstances. He grabbed Cory by the front of his shirt and pulled him close.
“Dayborne, you tell me right now. Was there a weapon? Anything? A knife? A bat? Did you see?
If Cory was scared before, he was beyond frightened now. He couldn’t pull his gaze from Steve. His mouth hung open as if staring at an alien bug. Shaking his head from side to side in slow motion, Cory finally said, “No. I don’t know. I couldn’t tell.”
Steve released Cory and let him fall on his back. We all stared at Steve in wonder. We knew he was upset about the fact that someone had it in for his little sister but we never realized he would start losing it the way he was.
After a moment Cory sat back up and regained a bit of his composure and through his labored breathing said, “Steve, why are you acting like such a grouch?”
It took a moment for Steve to hear it and it was almost comical, the name he had been called. But in light of the situation it did nothing to deter his mood.
I looked between them toward Jason. He sat on his knees and now a look like none I had ever seen before and wouldn’t ever see again dissolved across his face. It was a look of disbelief and of final comprehension. His hand crept to his mouth.
“Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit,” he mumbled over and over, his face ashen.
Steve said, “What did you call me, Dayborne? A grouch? Your damn right I’m grouchy. It’s my little sister over there that’s in trouble and if you think for one minute-“
But I cut him off with a hush and turned to my brother. “Jason,” I said. “What is it? Why are you saying that?”
But now he had stopped mumbling and tears were welling in his eyes. He looked up at us. “I think I know. Oh, God, I think I know.”
Steve shook his head and now turned on Jason. “Know what, Sinfield? Start making sense. What is it?”
“The other day at the Tree,” he said. “Remember? When you read that newspaper article about that little girl, Melissa. The one they found in the trash can with the Oscar the Grouch mask on her.”
“What about her?” Steve asked.
It took a moment but Jason got it all out. “Something rang a bell the other day when you read that. I didn’t know exactly what it was at the time but I think I know now. I couldn’t grasp it then, couldn’t remember. Oh, shit.”
“What, Jason,” Cory whispered. “What about it?”
“Oscar the Grouch,” he said, “came to our door. On Halloween. Last year.”
Steve seemed to be at the end of his rope. “What the hell are you talking about?” he badgered.
“Jamie Manning. She was Oscar the Grouch for Halloween last year. Her dad brought her to our door for candy. She was wearing that damn mask. I remember because she had to wear those big thick glasses on the outside of it.”
Another flash of lightening. Another rumble of thunder.
Of course anybody could have picked up one of those masks at any pharmacy last October. It didn’t mean that one of the neighbors down the street had planted it on a girl after they had committed a murder. There could have been a hundred kids dressed as that Sesame Street character out trick-or-treating last year, but it sounded all too real, all too true. The girl with Down’s syndrome loved Sesame Street. She had different shirts with varying characters on them that she wore from time to time. There were days you’d think she’d joined a cult that worshipped Big Bird.
Steve snapped his head in the direction of his house and said, “You think that’s George Manning over there? You think that’s who’s been killing those girls?”
Jason finally turned to look at him and said, “I don’t know. But if it is then maybe I could have saved her. Amber I mean. If I’d thought about it soon enough.”
Now Steve grabbed Jason by the shirt, lighter than he had Cory though, and said, “Don’t think about that shit right now, Jason. There’s nothing you could have done. You didn’t know. But right now, we know that someone is over at my house and trying to get in to get my sister. We need to get moving. You guys remember what you’re supposed to do?”
We all nodded that we did.
“Then we need to go now,” Steve continued, loading a BB into the chamber of his rifle and pumped six times. “Jason and Cory, get your asses up to that house. Ricky, come with me. I hope you’re ready for this.”
I hoped I was too. My head was starting to spin and I wasn’t sure if I could even stand but after a few breaths I found my feet and we all exited the tent. We headed for the side gate-not the one where the guys had stood watch but on the other side of the yard by the playhouse. From there we could see across to my house but not to Steve’s. An old white Crown Victoria sat at the curb by our hill like a beached whale. It was the same Crown Victoria that we had seen up on a jack stand in the Manning’s garage the day before on our way to the Plunge.
“Son of a bitch, it is him,” Steve said. “That’s his car. “Alright guys, hope to see you up at the house.”
Steve hoped, I prayed.
Jason and Cory went and hopped the gate at the alley that ran along side the Maherrin’s house and disappeared into Dead Grove. Steve and I crossed Cory’s front lawn and crept along his driveway until we came to Steve’s yard. Frisbee made no sound, only plodded along beside us as if on a secret mission, which is exactly what it was. At Steve’s house we snuck past the front door and made our way to his drive and then poked our heads around the side. The gate was half open and a scraping noise came from the other side of the wood. Steve’s plan had always been to bring that BB gun along, shoot first and yell later if necessary. 
Along the side of his house, he, Jason and Cory had leaned a three-foot piece of plywood up against the stucco wall of the garage. Nineteen nails had been driven through it at different varying points. The tips of the nails touching the wall made it look like one of those beds of nails you see the Arabs lying on in the Bugs Bunny cartoons; only hastily put together.
Steve put a finger to his lips and pointed to the flashlight in my hand as if to say, Stay quiet and get ready to turn that on.
Slowly we moved forward until we came to the gate. My heart pounded as Steve inched it the rest of the way open with the barrel of his gun. And there, back by Jackie’s bedroom window, standing in the muddy condensation puddle, wearing work boots was a dark shadowy figure that looked a lot like the thing with the dreadlocks from the corner of my room, trying to pry the screen off with a screw driver.
The figure didn’t notice us as Steve raised the barrel of the rifle and took aim. “Hey, Manning, you still gonna beat seven shades of piss out of me?” 
I switched the flashlight on and brought it up to the hood on the sweatshirt to get a better look at George Manning’s face; to catch his surprise.
But George Manning wasn’t the one surprised. We were. Because it wasn’t George Manning under that black hood, it was his wife, Emily.
Another flash of lightening. Another rumble of thunder.


FIFTY-EIGHT
None of us made a sound at first, only stared back and forth at one another, even Frisbee was silent. No bark, no growl. All I could think was this doesn’t make any sense. This timid woman, who flinched every time her husband raised his voice or looked cross at her, could not be the one responsible for the deaths of the little girls in Corona. Could she?
After what seemed like an eternity, Emily Manning finally spoke. I’m not sure about Steve, but for me, like her daughter Jamie, it was the first time that I had heard her talk.
“Are you real?” she asked in a squirrelly, nervous voice that didn’t fit her six-foot, two-hundred pound frame.
Steve and I stood by, looking at her for a moment but Steve eventually answered her with a question of his own.
“Are you?”
I couldn’t tell for sure but it seemed as if some of the anger and all of the fear had left Steve. His voice was now calm; his hands steady, holding his rifle pointed at Emily’s head. I, on the other hand, was about to turn my Fruit of the Looms into Stinkfest ’82.
“I am real, child,” Emily said. “I am the Cleanser and I have work here.”
I didn’t see his reaction exactly but I saw Steve shake his head out of the corner of my eye in the flashlight’s illumination.
“You’re what?” he asked with a chuckle between words.
She took a step forward and we took a step back. My leg brushed against Frisbee’s muzzle reminding me of his presence, thankful for it. There was about fifteen feet between us and we weren’t about to let her close the gap.
“I am the Cleanser,” she repeated. “I’m here to cleanse.”
She spoke it as if it were matter of fact, as though it were simply a job she’d come to perform.
Steve and I glanced at one another and then back at Emily.
Steve said, “What do you think you are some kind of maid? What is it that you’ve come to cleanse, lady?”
“Not what. Who,” she said and took another step toward us and we took another one back. I held the flashlight pointed at her face-her eyes looked deranged-and in the light saw her switch the screwdriver from her left hand to her right, hold it more like a weapon than a tool. “There is a filthy child here, a filthy girl that needs to be taken care of. And I shall cleanse her.”
Now the anger returned to Steve. “That girl is my sister and you’re not going to lay a fucking hand on her, you crazy bitch. I know who you are, Mrs. Manning. I know where you live. I know who your husband is and I know who your daughter is. And when this is all over I will make sure that you never see any of them again. Especially Jamie,” he said and shot her in the neck. I never saw the BB hit, just the welt that instantly bloomed on her windpipe.
She made a muffled yelp, something that was half shock and half cry as she reached for her throat.
“You, dirty shit!” she gargled and lunged for Steve, bringing the screwdriver up and down.
Thank God Frisbee was with us because all though Steve was quick enough to dodge the blow, the dog jumped and snapped at her face with a vicious growl. He didn’t bite her but it gave us a few seconds to start off from the side yard before she could give chase.
Just before we rounded the corner by his garage, Steve grabbed hold of the plywood and tipped it over; making sure that Frisbee was out of the way first. It landed with a flat thud, landing just the way he wanted; with all nineteen of those nails sticking straight up.
When we had been huddled in Cory’s playhouse, one of the things in our plan was to create a way to slow the Sesame Street Killer down. We had no idea who it was at the time but knew it was an adult who could prove to be faster than us.
“You wont ever see your daughter again, you psycho bitch,” Steve hollered. “I’m going to do to her what you did to those other girls when this is over.”
He didn’t mean it. Steve wasn’t going to kill Jamie Manning. He only said it to goad Emily on. He was improvising our plan in order to get her to chase us and it worked. She took the bait.
In a whiny voice, she said, “You can’t cleanse her. You can’t touch-“ and was abruptly cut off. It took a few seconds until the moan came and we knew exactly what had happened. She had stepped on at least one of the nails in the board. Score one for our team.
And sure enough when we reached the street we turned back to see her stumble around the side yard favoring one foot. When she saw us standing there she bolted straight at Steve and me as if the hole in her foot had instantly healed.
Steve grabbed my sleeve and we hauled ass toward the gate at the alley a few houses down. He loaded another BB on the fly and began pumping the gun up once again. When we reached the gate, Emily Manning was half the distance to us from Steve’s house and gaining. Frisbee slipped through first and Steve slid his gun underneath, gave me a boost over. After he was up and over himself he told me to head through Dead Grove and toward the abandoned house and that he would be right behind me.
I began to jog but turned to look back at Steve who had taken a shooter’s stance in the middle of the alley. He was aiming at the top of the gate, waiting for Emily to pop her head over. Instead she slammed into it with all two-hundred pounds of her body, snapping the bolts, latch and lock with what would have been a hell of a sound if it weren’t drown out by a ripple of thunder.
In the next instance I heard the whap of the BB gun but no indication that he had hit his mark. I did, though, here him coming up fast behind me, Emily too.
“I’ll kill you!” she said, making it sound as if it were on a list of things to do. She sounded winded but gave no sign of slowing down. “I’ll kill the both of you and then go back for your filthy sister.”
“Fuck you,” Steve cried. “It’ll be Jamie who dies. There’s nothing you can do.”
What was coming out of Steve’s mouth was the equivalent of ‘neener, neener, neener, you can’t catch us,’ and she was buying every bit of it.
The short wall that separated the alley from Dead Grove was impossible to see in the dark. It was hard enough to see in the daytime with all the weeds and trash around it but Steve and I had been through there so many times before we could have found it blindfolded. Emily had no idea where it was or that it even existed. In the next instant, just before she could get any closer-and she was close now-Steve, Frisbee and I hopped over the cinderblock obstruction. A moment later she tripped over it and came down like a sledgehammer.
We didn’t see it happen, but we sure heard it. It sounded like a chimney falling over and she gasped in pain. We turned back to look and it was as though she had disappeared. Until the next bolt of lightening struck. We saw her lying in the dirt like a discarded heap of carpet, rolling around on her back, trying to build up enough momentum to sit. Steve loaded another BB and pumped the rifle six or seven times. And just as she was getting to her feet, bending over to straighten up, Steve pointed and fired off another shot that nailed her in her fat, right butt-cheek.
She cried out like she’d been stung by a bee, which is probably just what it had felt like. A second later she was turning and running at us again. But now she seemed slower and less coordinated. The nail, crashing through the wooden gate and falling over a brick wall had done just enough to take a little fight out of her.
Steve and I continued our slow run down the dirt path through Dead Grove. At about the halfway point-the same spot where Mike and Cory had tangled just days before-I noticed that Frisbee was no longer with us.
“Hey,” I said to Steve, out of breath and scared to death. “Where did Frisbee go?”
Looking, into the darkness all around us, he shrugged. “I don’t know. He’ll be alright though.” He turned and jogged backward, checking to see how close Emily was getting. “He might of just-“ He was cut off by a flash, like a strobe light above, and an immediate crackle of thunder that sounded like a tractor crashing. “There he is,” he pointed behind us.
I turned sideways while I ran and saw that Frisbee had fallen behind. But he had done so on purpose. He had stayed back and gotten behind our pursuer and was now barking and nipping at her ankles, keeping her moving forward, toward us, toward the abandoned house.
He was herding her.
She took swipes at him with the screwdriver but never connected. He was too quick. He did fall back a bit to let her catch up to us, but wouldn’t let her get too close. When she started to, he would begin the nipping all over to slow her back down but still keep her on course, on our trail.
When we reached the end of the path that led to Magnolia Street my heart was knocking through my sternum and I had to stop and bend over to rest. The adrenaline rush and all the running was starting to slow me down quick. We only needed to make it another block up to Fullerton where the house was, where Jason and Cory were, where we planned to trap Emily Manning and then call the police and become heroes for all of Corona to worship.
Just another block.
“Come on, Ricky,” Steve urged. “Don’t stop now. We’re almost there.”
I took a couple of deep breaths and began to pace him again. “What about Frisbee?” I asked. “What if she gets him?”
Steve said, “He’ll be okay. He’s tough and smart. He’s helping us. It’s why we found him, you know.”
I nodded, although he couldn’t see it, and said, “I know. But he found us.”
“Yeah.”
For the last time that night, and for the last time ever, Steve loaded a BB into the chamber of his Daisy eight-eighty and began pumping it as we ran. Emily wasn’t far behind us, maybe fifteen yards and Frisbee wasn’t far behind her, maybe five. There wasn’t a lick of traffic on Magnolia at that time of the morning, not one car, not one headlight. It was after three and the only illumination we had was from the street lights spaced out every hundred feet and the lightening that flickered every half minute or so. I still held onto the flashlight but kept it off to conserve the batteries.
We crossed the street and made our way through the field behind the abandoned house. The only sound: the dead grass whipping our legs, Emily gasping for breath and the pounding of thunder.
A hundred yards before we got to the house, a brilliant bolt of lightening hop scotched its way from cloud to cloud to cloud making the world around us light up, nearly blinding us.
“No you don’t,” Emily Manning screamed at us. “No you don’t. Not the Shelter. That’s my place. That is my secret place. It’s for the girls only. Don’t you go there! I will make dying so bad for you, you don’t even know.”
She could see where we were headed but it didn’t make any sense to me just then what she was talking about. 
The Shelter? 
Steve was quicker and tried to manipulate her. He turned his head and yelled, “That’s right. We’re going to the Shelter now. In fact, that’s were Jamie is. We kidnapped her earlier and tied her up inside.”
Emily, nearly out of breath, grunted out, “Bullshit! I saw her before I left the house. You ain’t got her. She’s home sleeping, you shits.”
“If you say so,” Steve challenged. “But I know better. I’m going to pull the tongue out of her retarded mouth when I get there.”
“You bastard,” she screamed. “Don’t you call her that! She deserves better. You’re dead.”
The house was only fifty yards away now and Steve looked at me. “Are you ready for this, Ricky? There’s no turning back now, you know that?”
“Shit, Steve, I’m so scared. I don’t know. What if she kills me? Stay with me, please.” I was starting to cry now. This was it. I was scared when we had caught her trying to pry Jackie’s bedroom window open. I was terrified now. I was only eight. There was no way she was going to let me live. Not the way we had planned it. Nothing made sense anymore. What the hell were we thinking? This was an adult, a grown woman. I stood no chance alone against her.
“Frisbee will be with you. You know that,” Steve reassured me. “Stick to the plan. In through the front door and out through the garage. It’s that simple. You’re faster than she is. She can’t get to you. We lock the door and she’s… Well you leave the rest to us.”
“Promise me I’ll be okay, Steve,” I said.
“Ricky, if you do everything like we planned then you’re going to be just fine. Okay?”
I nodded and said, “Okay.”
“Then this is where I leave,” Steve told me. “Once I’m about twenty feet away, you turn the flashlight back on and get her to follow you.”
Steve broke away from me and when he was at the right distance I clicked the lamp on just as another bolt of lightening began its heavenly two-step. The thunder broke and Frisbee barked.
I could see the front of the house and the door to the entrance was wide open as planned. I couldn’t see Jason or Cory. They would be on the Fullerton side of the house, out of site, waiting with bricks and bottles to throw in case anything went wrong. I wouldn’t know for a few more minutes that that wasn’t the real reason they had come up here before Steve and me. The original plan had changed just a bit while I was taking my nap earlier. Steve, Jason and Cory had another plan concocted that I wasn’t fully aware of. They didn’t think that I would go along with it. And they were right, I probably wouldn’t have.
It was when I crossed the driveway and rounded the walk that I tripped, losing the flashlight. I skidded on my knees and watched it go tumbling through the air and land in a pile of dead weeds, the light shining straight into the opened front door, lighting the way.
I got up and took two steps and nearly fell over in pain. I was wearing shorts and had skinned both knees in the fall. Bending over and clutching my thighs I felt blood begin to trickle down my shins. It hurt like a bitch but I slowly made it to the doorway and rested against the jam. I thought I had enough distance between Emily Manning and myself but I was wrong because in the next instant I was tackled by six-feet of serial killer and knocked into the foyer, the air forced out of my lungs.
“You shit,” she growled, pinning me to the floor, her hood now back, exposing her face and greasy hair. “Now I got you. I’ll get that faggot, long haired buddy of yours in a minute. Right when I’m done with you.”
She snapped her teeth in my ear. Her right leg was pinning both of my legs down, her massive breasts crushing my airless chest as I gasped for breath. My knees stung.
All I could do was wait for that screwdriver to plunge down into my heart. I thought back to Mike Wood holding the steak knife over Cory’s chest. 
Just one quick one.
All of her weight pressed down on me as she readjusted herself. My ears were ringing and my sight had blurred but there was enough light coming from the flashlight to see that she wasn’t holding the screwdriver at all. Instead she wrapped both of her big hands around my neck. But before she could begin to squeeze, Frisbee pounced on her, biting the back of her head.
She squealed like a pig and swung one beefy arm around to swat at him. She missed and Frisbee was right back on her and bit her on the side next to her right breast. As she howled in pain and bucked at him, I squirmed my way out from underneath her, slithering like a snake to get away. 
Frisbee released her and trotted over to me, licked me on my chin and stood in front of me for protection. I still couldn’t catch my breath but my sight was clearing and in the next few seconds two things happened. First, Steve appeared in the open doorway, his BB gun held in one hand just the way Mark Payne had showed him. He was a dark shadow in front of the flashlight. He looked like a gunslinger. He said, “Surprise, bitch,” and shot her dead center in her left eye. The second thing to happen was he grabbed the door and slammed it shut, throwing us into complete darkness.


FIFTY-NINE
Jason and Cory had gone up to the abandoned house earlier while I napped, after they had changed the end details on the plan we had set up. While they were up there, they took the latch and padlock off and then took a Phillips screwdriver, unscrewed the door handle and switched the inside knob with the outside knob so the thumb turn that locked the door was on the outside and the key hole was on the inside. Now there was no getting out unless someone unlocked it from out front. That part of the plan I had known about.
The part I didn’t know about was while they were up there they had taken a bunch of the trash that littered the outside of the house and field and had tossed it everywhere within. Cardboard boxes were scattered along the walls. Old mattresses and couch cushions had been pushed inside. Wooden pallets, old desks, dead branches and all the paper they could gather was strewn about making the place seem over crowded with rubbish.
And as I sat there, huddled in the dark with Frisbee, the Sesame Street Killer no more than twenty feet away, screaming from the pain of her burst eyeball, I noticed something that I hadn’t right away; the smell.
That was something else that they hadn’t told me they were going to do. Something they had planned later, when I wasn’t around. After they had come up and switched the doorknob around and filled the place up with trash, they had taken Cory’s metal gas can and dumped the last half of it inside on the couches and mattresses, letting them soak up the fuel like giant sponges.
The fumes brought tears to my eyes and Frisbee whined once. We listened to Emily Manning moan and cry. I was crying myself-although silently-wondering how I was going to get out of this situation. There was only pure black all around and I felt as though I was back in my Dark Dream, waiting for the bubbles. With the windows being boarded over and the door shut tight in its frame no light could penetrate the house, not that there was any outside, considering the time of the morning.
I held onto the bandana around Frisbee’s neck for comfort. I could feel him looking in Emily’s direction, but he made no sound. He was there, watching her and watching over me, keeping me safe and I had a feeling that he would probably give his life for me if it came down to it.
I wondered if he could see in the dark, like a cat could, and thought about those golden eyes and the way they had lit up like there was a fire in his skull when we had been in this house last, when I had had Jacob’s Zippo with me. 
“God hates me,” Emily moaned, soft and without feeling. At first I wasn’t even sure she had said it but a moment later she repeated her words only this time with venom. “God hates me. And I hate him.”
I had no idea if she was trying to communicate with me or if she was just talking to herself, but it scared the crap out of me and I kept quiet… for the moment. Frisbee was there and I knew he wouldn’t let her get to me without a fight. I pictured her slumped against the wall in the foyer by the front door where she had tackled me, worn out and in pain, head hanging to her chest.
“I always tried to protect her but it was never good enough for him. He told me that was what I needed to do. But it was never good enough.”
I kept quite and still. So did Frisbee. I could hear the guys outside calling my name, asking if I was alright. They knew I should have gone right through the front door and into the garage and out the vent hole. Instead, I had lost the flashlight and my sense of direction and didn’t even know which way the garage was.
“It wasn’t even supposed to be this way. It never was. We were supposed to be a happy family just like in a fairy tail. Just like those families on TV. But then she came along and mucked it all up. Damn retarded, dummy.” She paused a moment and sniffed and surprised me when she said, “What’s your name?”
My heart began thumping at an irregular beat as a reserve of adrenaline flooded my system. Was she talking to me or to herself still? Or had she been talking to me all along?
I didn’t want to answer her, didn’t want to give my position away and have her jump me in the dark and I could only pray that Frisbee would keep her at bay if that happened.
“Boy, I know you’re there. I can’t see you but I can hear your heart beating through your chest,” she said, gasping as she talked. “I can feel your dog staring at me too. I’m not going to hurt you. I have no more fight in me. The back of my head’s leaking from were your mutt bit me. I think I broke my hand when I went through that gate and I can’t even feel my foot any more, thank you very much for the tetanus. I don’t know if you saw or not but your little long haired friend shot my eye out and now I’m half blind. I can barley move. I’m done.” She sobbed on the last sentence.
I stroked Frisbee’s back and found the courage to say, “Ricky,” though it came out as a squeak, caught in my throat, and I had to repeat it.
She began to moan again and I could tell she was still in the same place she’d been only moments before. She wasn’t trying to trick me, wasn’t trying to get me to betray my location.
“Oh, Ricky, how did I end up like this?” she asked.
At the time I thought she was asking how she ended up in so much pain in an abandoned house with an eight year old and a stray dog. If she didn’t know that then she really was crazy. The thought almost made me laugh, but then I realized that she was asking how she ended up this way in life.
My face grew hot as I thought of the children that she had murdered and the families that she had torn apart, all the moms that were crying themselves to sleep every night knowing their daughters were no longer sleeping in the room next to them, all the fathers that would probably turn their backs on those same moms in confusion and anger and frustration; and in shame. I heard somewhere that more than half of all marriages don’t survive after the loss of a child.
She had no right to do what she did.
“You killed those girls,” I told her with a whine. “You made their mothers cry. Why would you do that?”
“How do you know what I did?” she asked me. “You’re just a kid yourself. You don’t know shit about shit.”
It was Donald that had told me not who she was but what she had done; her crimes.
“Amy,” I said. “Melissa. Kelly.” I stopped and hoped, for my brother’s sake, that she wouldn’t recognize the next name. “Amber.”
She chuckled and then gasped in pain but finally said, “You do your homework, Ricky. Are you and your friends the Hardy Boys or something? You know my name don’t you?”
“I know the newspaper calls you the Sesame Street Killer,” I said. “But your real name is Emily Manning.”
“I’m the Cleanser and that’s that. They only call me the Sesame Street Killer because I leave a present with the girls. A little memento so He knows I’ve been there. The police knew it was me that killed them girls because of the gifts; the dirty girls.”
“But why?” I asked.
She was quite a while as though thinking, then said, “Why am I the Cleanser or why did I leave them things with the girls?” she asked back. It wasn’t what I had meant but she answered her own questions anyway. “I am the Cleanser because of Jamie, because of what she is: a no brained dummy. You know she can’t even wipe her own butt when she shits? I have taken care of her for so long, given so much of my time to her and the only thing I ever got in return was a husband that bad mouths me and hits on me with his fists, calls me stupid.
“I prayed the whole time I was pregnant with that girl. I prayed to God that he would send me a sweet little, angel, a sweet little pearl. Someone I could sit with and comb her hair and buy cute dresses for and take to church on Sundays. Someone-that when she was old enough-we could talk about boys and going on dates and to the prom. But no, God just turned his back on me and sent me that deformed grain of sand that never turned into nothing, that needs to be dressed and bathed and fed for the rest of her life. I prayed and prayed and prayed and that’s what I got. And that’s why I cleanse.”
I wondered, even at that age, if she was aware that pearls aren’t just born, that the oysters they grow in spend lots of time and lots of patience creating that beautiful gem.
“Why should other parents have it so easy? These cute little girls that they taunt in front of me. Damn show offs. But I taught them all their lessons. I showed them what they all had to be thankful for. I showed them what it is like to know pain and suffering and cruelty and anguish and they will never be the same again. I made them just like me.
“As for the presents I left. They weren’t meant for the police. They were a gift. To God.”
It struck me as odd that she’d think this way. I always knew that God’s gift to us was life and our gift back was our love and our faith, not something that could be bought at a Toys R Us.
“Why did you leave those things for God?” I asked in a shaky voice. “What good did it do?”
“Ricky,” she said, no longer weeping but sounding stronger as if talking were helping her heal, “Have you ever laughed in God’s face?”
The question left me stunned and at first I didn’t even know how to answer. Who would want to laugh in God’s face? Was it even possible?
“No,” I said finally.
“Well,” she chuckled, “I have. Every time I left one of those mementos with the girls. Every time I sent a girl back home, to Him, I laughed in his face. An eye for an eye. It says so in His book.” She then erupted into laughter, but, slowly, it faded and turned back into sobbing.
And there it was. It was simple, stupid, cruel and evil all rolled into one.
She was pissed at God.
And so she had taken the lives of innocent children to spite Him, to pay Him back for what she considered His cruelty to her; the birth of a daughter with Down’s syndrome. 
I heard her move then. I wasn’t sure if she was adjusting herself or getting up, but either way, my nerves bunched and my muscles flexed in expectation of an attack. I felt Frisbee do the same but no attack came. Steve was yelling my name from outside. It sounded as if he were yelling into the garage via the vent hole. I wanted to answer but was petrified to call out in the darkness.
Emily said, “You want to know something? This is my house.”
I wasn’t sure if I had heard her right because my head began to spin, not from the gas fumes-although the fumes were helping-but because if what she had just said was the truth than I was almost certain that we were in the same place that those little girls had spent their last minutes on earth. I thought of the chair in the back bedroom. The lantern. The bloodstain on the floor.
“That’s right,” she continued. “I own this house. I got it when my first husband passed away. Well, he didn’t really pass away, I guess. He killed himself, in the back bedroom. Tied a rope to one of the rafters in the closet and jumped off a chair. While he was hanging himself, I was outside hanging laundry. I came in and found him with a note pinned to the uniform he was wearing. All it said was, ‘Can’t do it anymore, sorry.’ He was a fireman at the station up the street from here and when I called the authorities it was his partners that ended up cutting him down. I think he had seen too much death from his time in the department. There were too many people he couldn’t help and I think that always hurt him. He was sad and depressed all the time.”
Obviously he couldn’t help Emily either. I wondered if she had been just as crazy when she was with her first husband as she was with George Manning. Or maybe that was when she started going a little nutty, finding her first husband’s body and with the physical and verbal abuse she got from George, she just finally snapped.
“After I met and married George and moved into the house on Cottonwood, kids started breaking into this one and so the city made me board it up and put a padlock on the door. Now it isn’t worth a shit so it just sits here. And now it’s my Shelter.”
“Why are you telling me all this?” I asked her. Didn’t she know I would relate all this to the police when I got out of there? If I got out of there.
After more than a minute of silence, she said, “Because, like I said, I’m done. God laughed in my face once and I paid him back a tenfold. Well maybe not a tenfold but… That little girl tonight was going to be my last one, I think. Then you two interrupted me and spoiled everything. But that’s okay, because I’m done.”
“That little girl is Jackie Hanel and she never did anything to you,” I spat. “You had no right.”
Emily Manning moaned a bit and said, “Didn’t she? I saw the whole lot of you the other day making fun of Jamie. Your dog was even trying to bite her. I saw the whole thing. I was going to kill her or maybe the other girl that was with you.” She meant Cory’s sister, Christy. “Just for teasing her.”
“We told your husband that day,” I tried to explain; “we weren’t teasing her. She was just petting Frisbee. That’s all.”
“Frisbee? Is that what you call that mutt?” she asked.
Frisbee gave a low growl as I said, “Yeah.”
“Well I saw what I saw. She was crying when she came inside. I know you guys must have done something to her.”
“Maybe she was crying because you took her inside” I explained. “Maybe she just wanted to play with Frisbee. He wouldn’t bite anyone.”
“He bit me!” she yelled.
That was true. And he had bitten Mike Wood. But it was only to protect us.
“He bit you because he knows who you are,” I told her. “And he knows what you did.”
“He’s just a dog. He couldn’t know that.”
I explained: “Last night, I was sleeping. I heard him bark and he woke me up. When I went outside to check on him, I saw you. You were across the street looking in Jackie’s bedroom window. He knew who you were and since he knew, I knew.” I chose not to tell her the part about Donald because I knew she’d think that I was the crazy one if I did.
She laughed, a low guttural chuckle. “So that’s how you knew? Your dog? He must be real special.”
I could hear her moving around more now as though her boots were scraping the hard wood floor. And then there came a metallic tapping and I thought of her screwdriver. I hadn’t forgotten she had a weapon.
Jason yelled my name through the vent as Steve had done before and finally I shouted back.
“I’m okay, Jason,” I said.
“Is she in there with you?” he asked, frightened. Steve would have told Jason and Cory the identity of the killer by this time.
I waited a moment, listening for her movements and when no more came I replied, “Yeah, she’s here.”
“Well can you get out?” he asked.
Now I went completely silent and still again. I couldn’t see my hand in front of my face and didn’t know which way was which and it was Emily that responded to his question.
“Your friend’s stuck in here just like me,” she yelled. “I know you probably got me locked in here somehow. If you were able to get the padlock off then I’m sure you locked it back up once we were inside. I’ll tell you what. If you open the door up, then I let Ricky go. Otherwise, I’m just going to have to kill him.”
The words shocked me. I thought she had told me that she was done with killing. But I guess you can’t ever trust a person who will commit the crimes she did. She was evil and evil lies.
“Don’t listen to her,” I told Jason. “If you open the door back up she’ll kill us all. Go call the police. Frisbee will keep me safe.”
I didn’t want to stay in that house any longer than I had to-hell I didn’t want to be there in the first place, let alone with a serial killer. But if it meant keeping my brother and my friends from harm, I’d do it.
Emily Manning began laughing now. The pain from her injuries seemed to have left her and when she spoke I could tell that she’d moved away from the foyer and had closed in on Frisbee and me.
“Oh, Ricky. I have nothing left. When this is over, I will lose my family-like I give a shit. I will lose my homes-this one and the one with George and Jamie-again like I give a shit. I will spend the rest of my life either in jail or a loony-bin and that just can’t happen. So I figure the only thing I can do now is end my own life. And since I doubt God will let me into Heaven the least I can do is send him one more gift, laugh in his face one last time.”
Just then I saw light out of the corner of my eye. Then it grew brighter in the room where we were. I had been kneeling next to the half open door that led into the garage and Steve was now shining the flashlight into the vent. It lit up the entire garage and half the living room we were in. Frisbee began to growl.
Emily Manning was standing in front of us. Her face was a ragged mess, her eyeball fat and swollen. She was favoring her injured foot by keeping it off the ground. She held the screwdriver above her head and was just bringing it down upon us, when, in a blur, Frisbee was on her, lunging at her throat.
As I bolted for the garage I heard her screaming-or trying to at least-then it was cut off. I wasn’t sure then if Frisbee had ripped her throat out or if he had just done enough to give me time to escape. I looked back but couldn’t see either of them as I ran for the vent. Steve was there lighting up the whole garage and everything seemed to waver in the fumes of the gas. They had dumped plenty of fuel in there as well.
I stuck my head through the hole and Steve and Jason began to pull me through, scraping up my legs even more than they had been from the fall in the driveway. In a matter of seconds I was out and on the side of the house, relieved to be away from that mad woman.
“Where’s Frisbee?” Steve asked, anxious.
I caught my breath and tried to explain, but only started coughing and crying. Jason was there, squatting next to me, telling me that I was okay. Cory was off to the side, throwing bottles full of liquid on to the house. One after another, they crashed on the roof and on the stucco and against the plywood covering the windows.
After a few moments, when my sobs had dwindled, I asked, “What’s he doing? Why’s Cory doing that?” I turned to him then and said, “Cory, knock it off. Come help us get Frisbee.” But just as I said it, Frisbee squirmed his way out of the vent hole and was free too.
“Good boy, Frisbee,” Steve said, petting him. “Alright you guys, get back.”
I looked around, not fully understanding what was going on. All I wanted to do was get the hell out of there. Jason and Cory ran back into the field about twenty yards, getting clear of the property.
“Steve,” I said, “What are you doing? Come on. We need to go. We need to go call the police now.”
Steve turned to me then, his eyes looked a bit ashamed, and reached into his pocket, Frisbee barked.
“There’s been a change of plans, Ricky,” he said and brought out something that looked like a pack of Lifesavers. It was pink and had a gray string hanging from the middle. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked. “We need to leave. Come on.”
“Not yet,” he said. “Not until she’s taken care of. Not until she pays for what she did.”
“What is that?” I began, but when I saw him flick open Jacob’s silver Zippo and spin the wheel into life I knew that it wasn’t Lifesavers he was holding, it was the flower he had found the day after the firework show on our street.
Then it hit me: the gas inside, all the trash.
“Steve, no, you can’t,” I said.
But he did. He stuck the flame to the gray fuse and once it caught and sparkled, he threw it through the vent into the garage. Quickly he snapped the lighter shut and wiped off the metal casing with his shirt and dropped it at our feet. I didn’t know then why he had done that but I found out later. And in the next second, I reached into my own pocket and removed the shoelace. I didn’t need it and I sure didn’t want it. I dropped it too.
Steve, Frisbee and I began running into the field toward Jason and Cory. It was about three seconds later that the garage exploded. It didn’t come apart but the walls went all wobbly and they ended up leaning funny like a drunk.
The bottles that Cory had thrown at the house were filled with gasoline and the whole structure began to crackle and smoke. And then we heard her inside, Emily Manning screaming like a demon from Hell. Combined with the lightening and thunder it seemed as though judgment day was upon us and it was as if the story about the abandoned house, and the screaming ghost inside, had become real.
The five of us high tailed it down Magnolia and by the time we got to the dirt path in Dead Grove the whole house was an inferno. 
When we got back to the now broken gate at the entrance to the alley, we heard the sirens. 
When we got back to the tent in Cory’s backyard Steve realized he had left his BB gun behind. 
And when we sat back down on our sleeping bags, Cory said, “You think she’s dead yet?”


SIXTY
We didn’t talk for the rest of that morning and we didn’t sleep. How could we after what we’d just done? I changed out of the clothes that I’d been wearing-which reeked of gasoline-and into the extra set I’d brought with me to Cory’s so my mom wouldn’t question me about the way they smelled. Later I would bury them in the trash and try and forget about them forever.
We laid there in the morning darkness, listening to the thunder compete with the sounds of sirens until the sun came up and the clouds began to break, crying. At least I was. I understood why they had chosen not to tell me about burning the house with Emily Manning inside and figured out later that Steve had done it for what she would have done to his sister. Jason had gone along with it for what he had assumed she had done to Amber Nelson. And Cory had helped because; well that was how Cory was. He probably just wanted watch something burn.
Either way; the Sesame Street Killer was dead.
We had killed her.
It was never brought up between us again. There was an unspoken agreement that we could never, ever tell anyone what we had done. Whether we thought we were heroes for doing what we did or not, we could never take credit for it. We were fearful that we’d spend the rest of our youths in a boy’s home or Juvenal hall.
At around six, as the rumbling of thunder began to taper and smoke began to pour through our neighborhood (the acrid smell would linger for days to come), I got up, rolled up my sleeping bag and went home and into my room to lay back down. Jason came in a half an hour later.
For all of that day and all of Thursday, Jason and I stayed around the house doing nothing but lying down, staring at the ceiling, occasionally eating. We were terrified that at any moment the cops would come pounding on our door and take us away for our crime. But they never came knocking.
Finally, on Friday, after our mom began to wonder why we weren’t going out to play (like we’d done ever other day that summer); we decided to go over and see Steve. And we weren’t more than a few minutes into our conversation when the police did show up.


*		*		*


Everything that I write from this point on, all the information that I give about the aftermath of the fire on the morning of July 9th, 1982, I either witnessed firsthand, was told about by parents or friends or accumulated on my own by researching newspaper articles. Some of it may be a bit of speculation on my part but I can assure you, this is what happened:


*		*		*


On the way to Steve’s house Friday morning we noticed that the white Crown Victoria was no longer parked at the curb by our hill. Instead, it was back in the driveway at the Manning’s house. I wondered when George Manning had come to retrieve it and return it to his house, and if he had reported his wife missing.
When we got to Steve’s we found him sitting on his front step, eating a bowl of cereal. Frisbee was lying on the front lawn with his eyes closed, his chin on one front paw.
The weather had cooled some, giving Southern California a much needed reprieve from the heat. The temperature was in the mid eighties and a feeble breeze was blowing the tail end of a set of snow white clouds out east toward Arizona.
We stood there a moment, in front of Steve, before Jason said, “Hey.”
Steve scooped up some of the colorful, round cereal bits and shoved them in his mouth with a loud smack. It wasn’t until he was done chewing that he returned the greeting.
“Hey.”
It was awkward at first, the three of us standing there, the bitter scent of burnt grass still fresh in the air. We had all been the best of friends for years and now we couldn’t think of what to say to one another, but Jason tried anyway.
“How you been?” he asked.
Steve seemed to mull the question over as if he might have been wondering the same thing about himself.
“Okay, I guess,” he said after a time. “Haven’t been sleeping much, you know.”
We did know. Jason and I had both been having trouble getting to, and staying asleep. For the last two nights I had been having nightmares. Not the Dark Dreams with the bubbles but dreams of houses burning and screaming children trapped inside. Every time I’d bolt awake from one of those dreams I’d find Jason sitting on the edge of his bed, watching over me, crying. I think it was a little bit for Amber and little bit for what we’d done.
“I stay up at night and look out Jackie’s window while she sleeps,” Steve continued. “She doesn’t know about it. I keep thinking for some reason that we got the wrong person and the real killer is going to show up and get her.” He shook his head as if trying to disperse the unpleasant thoughts to the breeze like dandelion fluff.
“Steve?” I asked in a whisper. “Are we going to get in trouble for what we did? Do you think they’ll catch us?”
He set the half empty bowl down at his feet and thought a long time. When he was ready he said, “I don’t know. I hope not,” and was silent for a bit again but I saw his eyes getting wet. “I left the BB gun up there. I remember setting it down on an old tire when I went to get the flashlight you’d dropped. I never picked it back up.”
At first I didn’t know exactly why he was so upset about losing the gun and wondered if it held some sort of sentimental value for him. But then it hit me.
“Your fingerprints?” I asked.
All he could do was nod as a single tear ran down his face. He said, “If it comes down to it, I’ll tell them it was all me. I won’t say you guys were with me or anything. I don’t think anyone could prove that you were there.”
“Steve,” Jason said, “that’s not going to happen. Everything’s going to be fine.”
 But just as he was getting the last words out, Frisbee lifted his head and sniffed in the direction of the two police cars coming down Cottonwood. One was a black and white patrol car, the other an unmarked, blue sedan.
“Oh, God,” Steve moaned as we watched them pull up to his curb.
Jason and I stiffened at the site, feeling that this was the trouble we’d been expecting for the last couple of days.  We took a few steps toward Steve’s house as the three officers exited their vehicles.
Only one of them wore a uniform. The other two were in Polo shirts and slacks. But they both wore badges hung from silver chains around their necks. The uniformed officer stayed back at his patrol car and the two casually dressed men walked straight up the grass to us. Frisbee laid his head back down and closed his eyes and when I glanced at him I could have sworn he had a small grin on his muzzle.
“Hi there, boys,” said the first officer. He was a small man, maybe five and a half feet, thin at the shoulders and clean shaven. His partner, who had a dark, bushy mustache and looked like he could kill a horse by intimidation alone, stood ten feet back.
“My name is Sergeant Bower and I’m with the Corona Police Department,” said the smaller man. “But I guess you kids probably knew that when you saw the cars coming down the street.”
We looked at one another, trembling.
The next time he spoke I knew we had been busted and that they knew everything about us and what we’d done.
“You kids set that fire up the street?” Sergeant Bower said, casually, as if asking about the weather. Right then, all I could think was that we were screwed. That at any moment they would turn us around and slap the cuffs on.
But just then my brain corrected itself because he hadn’t said ‘set,’ he had said ‘see.’ You kids see that fire up the street?
The relief washed over me immediately.
Steve said, “Smelled the smoke. Our parents wouldn’t let us go up there to look. They said we’d get in the way of the firemen.” At least Steve had heard him correctly.
“Your parents are very smart to look after your well being like that,” Bower commented. “It was a hell of a blaze. Oops, sorry. Heck of a blaze.”
We found out later that the fire from the house had spread out and engulfed the entire field that surrounded it and part of a copse of orange trees. It also managed to hop Fullerton and catch the field (where the Tree was) on fire as well. Our new fort was now nothing but a pointy, black trunk and ash. In all, thirty-six acres of open fields and orange groves burned that day, reduced to black char.
Sergeant Bower took a moment, pulled a notebook out of his back pocket and asked Steve, “Son, what’s your name?”
Jason and I looked at our friend and saw terror in his eyes, thinking we’d been caught.
“Steve,” he said.”
Bower nodded. “Steve Hanel?”
Now it was Steve’s turn to nod.
“I see,” said the Sergeant. “Steve, do you have a brother by any chance?”
Again, Steve nodded.
“Okay, now, is his name Jacob Hanel?”
Steve was about to answer him when his mother opened the front door and stepped out in her bathrobe.
“What’s going on here?” she asked the officer at her stoop. “Can I help you?”
Sergeant Bower straightened up from Steve and focused his attention on Mrs. Hanel. His gorilla sized partner stood motionless behind him, arms folded.
“Ma’am, I’m Sergeant Phillip Bower of the Corona Police Department. I need to speak to your son, Jacob. Is he here?”
Mrs. Hanel’s hand reached up to keep the collar of her robe shut when she realized what she was wearing.
“He’s in his room sleeping,” she explained. “May I ask what this is about?”
Bower scratched his chin and winced, thinking of the most elegant way to talk to her. In the end he just said, “Ma’am, is Jacob a smoker by any chance?”
She kept her stare steady with Bower’s, thinking, and said, “Yes, he is. He picked the filthy habit up from watching his father. It wasn’t form me, I assure you.” She added this last part as if she had been accused of her son’s nicotine addiction and added, “I still don’t understand. Is he in some sort of trouble?”
“Well, Mrs. Hanel, that’s what we’d like to find out,” Bower said. “As you already know, the fields up on Magnolia and Fullerton were wiped out by fire a couple days ago, along with an empty house. Now, while the investigating team was sifting through what little remained of the house (looking to determine the cause of the fire), they came upon a silver lighter with your son’s name on it. He is the only Jacob Hanel in Corona. We were able to trace him through school records to this address.”
My thoughts immediately shifted back to the wee hours of Wednesday morning when Steve had thrown the firework inside the garage at the abandoned house. He had used Jacob’s Zippo to light it and when he was done he’d wiped the lighter on his shirt and dropped it on the ground at his feet.
Mrs. Hanel’s jaw dropped and her hand clutched tighter to her robe. “Do you think Jacob was responsible for the fire?” she asked.
“Well, ma’am, that’s what we’d like to find out,” Bower said. “We’d just like to ask him a few questions to determine his whereabouts that morning.” He finished with a smirk that said he wasn’t telling her everything. “Would you mind waking him and asking him to come outside?”
She stood for a few seconds, as if dazed, and turned and headed back inside. Sergeant Bower smiled at us and walked back to the meat slab with the mustache and whispered something we couldn’t make out. Then he pointed to the uniformed officer by the street, snapped his fingers and waved him over.
Bower and his partner walked back over to us and he said, “Boys, would you mind stepping over onto the grass by your dog please?” pointing to a spot next to Frisbee.
We did as we were asked and a minute later Jacob opened the front door in his boxer shorts and a tank top. He was saying something to his mom that we only caught the tail end of.
“…couldn’t you just tell them to fuck off? I’m fucking sleeping.” He turned and looked out at the three policemen standing before him, his hair disheveled, eyes puffy from sleep. “Yeah? I help you?”
Sergeant Bower said, “Jacob Jeremy Hanel?”
With a puzzled look on his face, Jacob replied, “Yeah. Who wants to know?”
The big, plain clothed cop immediately reached out and grabbed him by the arm and shoulder, twisted and threw Jacob to the walkway without so much as a grunt. Jacob, on the other hand, grunted plenty but still managed to whine, “The fuck did I do?”
Sergeant Bower ignored his question and instead started reading him his Miranda rights as his partner put him in handcuffs.
“Jacob Hanel, you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.”
You know the rest.
They lifted Jacob to his feet and drug him kicking and cursing into the back of the patrol car. By the time they had closed the door on him, he was crying like a baby.


SIXTY-ONE
 The black and white pulled away but the blue sedan and the plain clothed officers stayed behind. The one built like a linebacker never muttered a word while he was there at Steve’s and I began to think he might be a mute. The smaller one, Sergeant Bower, waved us over to him and his partner by the curb.
He waited until we were closer and standing in front of them to say to Steve, “Son, I need to ask you a few questions, okay? But I want you to know you’re not in trouble here, so be honest with me.”
Steve nodded and said that he would.
“Did your brother happen to say anything to you about that fire up the street at all?” he asked. “Maybe brag about setting it or anything?”
“No sir,” Steve responded without hesitation.
Bower scribbled in his notebook and continued. “Have you ever seen him set anything on fire? Anything he shouldn’t?”
This time Steve waited a moment as if thinking and said, “No, sir. I don’t think so.”
“Hmm, okay. Do you know if your brother had any problems with anyone around the neighborhood? Was he mad at anybody that lived around here?”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“Alright,” Sergeant Bower said and closed his notebook, returning it to his back pocket. “One last question for you.” He hesitated this time before he spoke. “Do you know a woman named Emily Manning?”
My heart froze in my chest. I saw Jason look at Steve with fear in his eyes. What did he know about her and why was he asking us? Unless, of course, he knew what had really happened up at the abandoned house.
But without missing a beat, Steve told him, “Yeah, she lives down the street. About eight houses.”
The policeman just stared at Steve for a long, long time, studying him and finally said, “Was Jacob angry with her for anything, do you know? Had he threatened her at all lately?”
Steve puffed out his bottom lip, wrinkled his brow as if in long thought and said, “No. I don’t think so.”
And Sergeant Bower seemed to be content with that. He smiled and patted Steve on the shoulder and said, “There may be an officer coming by in the next day or so to talk to you and your mom about what’s going on with your brother, maybe take some statements from you. Okay?”
Nodding, Steve told them that it would be fine.
But as the two officers were walking around to get into each side of their sedan, Steve looked to his left and our attention shifted there as well. In their driveway, standing by the garage door, was Mr. and Mrs. Maherrin. Mark Payne, the young man that rented their guesthouse was with them. They were shading their eyes from the sun, looking in our direction, probably wondering what the police where doing at the Hanel house. When Steve saw them a smile flashed across his face and retreated just as quickly.

“Sergeant Bower,” Steve said just as the officer was getting into his car. “Sergeant Bower, I think there’s something you should know.”


*		*		*


It only took a few minutes for Steve to explain to Bower what had gone on the day Mark Payne had invited us into the Maherrin’s backyard and what had happened in the small rented guesthouse when he was offered a beer from Mark. Steve walked with the officers to the Maherrin’s to confront Mark about it while Jason and I stayed behind with Frisbee. Of course he denied the accusation but after discussing with the Maherrin’s, Sergeant Bower and his partner were given permission to check the guesthouse where they subsequently found Mark’s stash of child porn in a box under his bed. By the time Mark was taken away in a patrol car, he was bleeding from his nose and limping quite badly on one leg. Steve ended up having to testify at Mark’s trial nine months later and we heard, in all, he ended up with a sentence of six months in prison and five years worth of probation. To this day he is still required to register as a sex offender.
Mark Payne never made good on his promise to harm Steve or his family should he tell anyone about the pictures.


*		*		*


George Manning had reported his wife missing after he found their Crown Vic parked by our hill and moved it back down to his house, almost twelve hours after she was dead. When the police showed up on his doorstep that evening with the news that a body had been found in the remains of the burned out house on Magnolia, he was able to identify it as that of his wife by a necklace she had worn having miraculously survived the inferno. It was a gold plated figure of Big Bird, hung from a thin, gold chain. George and Jamie had given it to her as a birthday present only a month before. 
When the police interviewed George Manning about why his wife would have been up in the abandoned house in the early morning hours of July 9th, he had broken down and confessed that he thought that his wife could have been responsible for the murders of the little girls over the last few weeks, but wouldn’t let himself believe it. He’d told them that she had in fact owned the house, given to her from a previous husband that had killed himself, though the city had condemned it until they could afford repairs, which they couldn’t-and may have been taking the girls there to do what ever it was she did to them. He said that he’d been reading the articles in the papers and had noticed certain items missing from around the house, like their cookie jar and a bed sheet from his daughter’s bed. He never called the police because he swore he loved her and she had been through enough already; a husband that had killed himself nearly in front of her and a daughter that needed assistance and care almost around the clock, which she tried so desperately to do. That and the fact he was terrified of being left alone to take care of Jamie.
Since Emily Manning’s body was so badly charred in the fire the police weren’t able to take fingerprints from it. Instead they were able to lift prints from her jewelry box at home and match them to a partial set found on a tire iron used to subdue and kill a dog at the house of one of her victims, confirming that Emily was indeed the Sesame Street Killer.
In the end, Jamie Manning was taken from her father and placed in a state funded home for disabled children. George didn’t serve any time since the police couldn’t prove that he knew of his wife’s nighttime activities and thus couldn’t make him an accessory to the murders. He did, however, begin to drink heavily and lost his employment with the Corona-Norco Unified School District. In August of that year he also lost his house and we never saw George Manning again.
Emily Manning’s main cause of death was listed as ‘Death by Fire.’ I’ve always wondered if the pathologist found the BB in her eye socket when he performed her autopsy.
We never heard anything about a BB gun being found at the site of the fire. Although half of it was made of plastic and would have melted to a black mass, the barrel and trigger should have survived.


*		*		*


Jacob, he was taken to a holding cell at the Corona Police Station and interviewed about his involvement with the blaze. He denied it of course, claiming he had been no where near the house on the night in question. When asked how his Zippo happened to be at the scene of the deliberately set fire, he told them that he’d lost it a few days before and that he had been out with a friend, Mike Wood, that night and that Mike could provide an alibi for him.
But that’s were Jacob had screwed up. Because Mike Wood was in custody as well and he was fuzzy on what he did on the morning of July 9th. It seems that around the same time the fire investigation team had found Jacob’s silver Zippo, they had also come across a bloody steak knife in a pile of broken concrete with Mike’s fingerprints on it. And since Mike had been arrested before, his prints were on file.
A lady named Diane Davis had been working a late shift at the 7-Eleven on Grand Ave. the night of July 5th and was confronted by two teenage boys looking to steal a twelve-pack of beer from the cooler. She was a small woman but still tried to stop them from taking the box of Budweiser bottles out the front door. That was when one of them pulled a knife on her.
“A steak knife, like the kind you’d find in a cutlery set,” she told the police in a statement.
They were only going to take the beer but after she ‘got in their way,’ as she had put it, they decided to take what was in the register as well. When they left a few minutes later they made off with twenty-three dollars from the till and the three dollars worth of beer. Mike Wood had also been kind enough to stab Diane Davis once in the hand and once in the abdomen. She ended up losing a pint of blood before the paramedics showed up and had required sixteen stitches to close her wounds.
She was able to later give the police a description of her attackers which matched that of Jacob and Mike and then had gone down to make a positive identification once they were in custody for the fire. The police were able to match her blood with the blood on the knife.
It would later turn out, from the statements Jacob gave the police in the interview, that they had taken the money and bought pills of speed and a bag of pot and then ended up at a construction site called ‘Magnolia Glen,’ to drink and smoke. After getting restless they’d decided to try and break into what they thought was an equipment shed to steal tools and anything else of value. When it turned out to be the temporary office and sleeping quarters of the site foreman-a big man with a puffy, red beard named Rodney Gray-they had ended up assaulting him as well by throwing a beer bottle at him.
Jacob and Mike were in a lot of trouble. And they were looking at some serious time if convicted of the charges against them.
Mrs. Hanel was scraping by to pay her bills and mortgage and had nothing to go on Jacob’s bail. He would have to spend the following four months in a jail in Banning, California until his trial started.
Mike was a little luckier. His parents owned their house so they were able to use it as collateral for his bail. We hadn’t seen him since the day he had confronted Cory in Dead Grove with the same blood encrusted knife he’d used to attack Diane Davis. He never made it to his own trial. Two days after posting bail, Mike Wood went out to his garage, cut off the power cord from his father’s belt sander and hung himself from a cross beam.
But in the end, the courts threw out the arson charge against Jacob because of a lack of witness. His lawyer had agued that just because his lighter ended up there didn’t necessarily mean that he had torched the house. There was no eye witness and no fingerprints on the lighter itself. He did however end up getting three and a half years in prison for the assaults on Diane Davis and Rodney Gray. He never went back to live with Steve, Jackie and their mom again. I doubt they were too broken up over it.
Steve had later confessed to me that he had gone back to the place where Mike Wood had dropped the steak knife in Dead Grove (after Frisbee had unarmed him), and carefully picked it up using a piece of newspaper. He had then taken it and placed it in the concrete by the abandoned house knowing Mike’s fingerprints were on it. Cheeky bastard.
No one ever found out what Emily Manning was doing in that house on the night of the fire and no one’s ever been charged with her death.


*		*		*


We never saw Rod again, but the construction site at Magnolia Glen was completed by the middle of August that year. He did have to show up at Jacob’s trial however and give a sworn testimony that it was Jacob that had thrown the bottle at him.
It was the bottles from our stash, the ones Rod had been placing by the sign at the construction site that Cory had filled with gasoline and thrown on top of the house, soaking the roof, helping to fuel the fire, before Steve had lit the firework.


*		*		*


The Police found Amber Nelson’s body on July 13th, a Sunday, wrapped in a sheet with small characters of Sesame Street’s Grover on it. When Jason found out he stayed in our room for two days and cried.


*		*		*


As for Steve and what remained of his family, they ended up moving before the summer was over. His mom had gotten fed up with all the rumors that had begun to circulate around the neighborhood concerning Jacob; about Mike, the kid on Redwood that had killed himself; and the lady down the street that they had been accused of burning alive, a lady that had turned out to be a serial killer.
And so they moved up to Kellog Avenue, across the street from the pharmacy and away from the gossip. Their new house was actually nicer and cheaper to rent than the one on Cottonwood. It also had a pool.
Jason, Cory and I only went to Steve’s new house twice. We swam both times we were there and had fun but things seemed to be different with Steve. After the second time at his house we kind of just stopped hanging out with him. I’ve always wondered if it had anything to do with Frisbee following Jason and me down to the 7-Eleven the day after Jacob was arrested, but I never knew for sure.
Steve and Jackie started at different schools than we did that fall and the last time we saw Steve was in a glam-rock magazine called ‘Battle Ax,’ in 1988. In the article it said that he played bass guitar in a glam band named Brat. They never made it big but he still looked pretty cool with his hair sprayed up and the red lipstick on. The scar on his forehead was hardly noticeable through all the make-up.


*		*		*


We still hung around with Cory for years and he and Jason ended up at Corona High School together-although he graduated a year later than Jason. But even as best friends they ended up growing more and more apart as the years past. Jason went off to college at Utah State and now writes for a prominent newspaper in Salt Lake City covering crime stories. He’s still a bachelor but plans to marry soon. He brings his fiancé with him to Corona when he visits on the holidays.
Cory started working as a paramedic the last I heard and now owns his own ambulance company. His parents divorced after he graduated high school but I hear they’re both sober and doing fine.


*		*		*


Me, well, I try to not think too hard about what we did that summer in 1982 and I certainly haven’t told anyone about it until now, not even my wife whom I’ve trusted with every other secret in my life. Yeah, I got married, she’s a knockout and she gave me three beautiful children; two girls and a boy. I work for a Southern California based medical group, operating mainframes, backing up doctors records onto computer disks until their called for. It’s a crap job but it pays the bills.


*		*		*


I never really found out what happened to Frisbee, but I’ll tell you about the last time I saw him.


SIXTY-TWO
It was Saturday, July 12th, when Jason and I decided to retire from the bottle redeeming business. At around seven that morning we rounded up the nine remaining bottles from our stash on the side of the house and loaded them onto my blue wagon to take down to the 7-Eleven. There were two Orange Crushes, two Coca Colas, and five Millers in all. At ten cents a piece we’d make just under a buck.
We started our way up Cottonwood and when we were halfway we heard a soft padding behind us. I turned first to see Frisbee two houses back, his head low, his tail moving like a flag in a cool breeze, tongue lolling, the bandana hung loosely around his neck.
I said, “Hey, look.”
As Jason turned to see who was following, we both stopped and waited for him to catch up. When he did, we both got down and petted him, scratching his head and back and he licked us, returning our affection.
“Should we take him with us?” I asked Jason.
He looked at Frisbee and looked at me and said, “You know Fris. It’s not up to us, it’s up to him.” He then turned back to the dog, stared into his awesome eyes. “You want to go to the store with us, boy?”
He wagged his tail once and we took it as a yes.
“You think Steve will worry about him?” I asked.
Jason only shook his head. “We’ll be back in an hour. He’ll be fine.”
I wasn’t sure if he meant Frisbee or Steve but took him at his word anyway. 
We continued on our way, the dog in tow, and talked about the little things, the things that make kids, kids: which team would be going to the World Series that year, what teachers we thought we would get when we went back to school in the fall, should we start growing our hair long so we’d look cool come September? Would our mom even let us grow it long in the first place?
The morning was nice. It was clear and crisp and birds flitted from trees to telephone wires with bugs in their beaks. The sky was clear and bluer than any sky had the right to be. It was warm but not hot and we didn’t break a sweat on our walk, though, Frisbee panted the whole way. 
When we got to Lincoln Elementary we decided to take the back way, the alley, just for the hell of it. It was all asphalt and not as smooth as the sidewalk and the bottles jingled and bounced the rest of the way. When we came to the bike rack in front of the 7-Eleven it was me who spoke first.
“We didn’t bring anything to tie him up with. You think he’ll be okay out here?”
Jason nodded and said, “Yeah, Frisbee’s a good boy.” And then to the dog: “You won’t go anywhere will you?”
Frisbee sat down on his butt and cocked his head at us. In the light of the morning sun his coat was radiant, his eyes glimmered and the gold flecking of his irises seemed to swim with a life of their own. I knelt down next to him and wrapped my arms around his furry neck.
“You stay here, okay. We’ll be back out in a minute.”
He licked my face and touched my forearm with his paw.
Jason grabbed five of the bottles from the wagon and I grabbed the remaining four. We went inside and placed them on the counter in front of the cashier. He was a fat man with a salt and pepper beard, in his late forties. I had hoped to see the lady I’d talked with last time we’d come down to turn in our bottles, Diane, but she wasn’t there that day. We asked the clerk to hold our money while we grabbed a couple of Big Gulps. Jason filled his cup up with ice and 7-Up while I filled mine with Coke flavored Slurpee. 
There were two teenaged boys playing the Donkey Kong game by the beer coolers and when we placed our drinks on the counter one of them swore loudly as the electronic death lull played. Mario must have gotten hit by a barrel.
“Watch the language,” the cashier said as he rang us up. “I need to get rid of that damn game.”
Jason handed him a dollar and with the money from the bottles it covered the drinks. The cashier rang it up and handed him back eleven cents. He was about to put it in his pocket when I nudged him and pointed to the jar on the counter. Even though Donald was now gone, donations would still be collected in hopes of finding a cure for Canavan disease. The two coins made clinking sounds as they joined their kin at the bottom.
Drinks in hand, we walked back out to discover Frisbee gone. Steve’s red bandana lay discarded next to my wagon. It looked sad and lonely.
After looking at each other for a moment, not believing what we were seeing (or not seeing), Jason suggested that one of us take to the alley and one of us walk down Fullerton to look for him. I grabbed my wagon and hurriedly made my way up to the street while Jason took the back way. I called out the dog’s name and could hear Jason doing the same from the backside of the houses and when we met back up by Lincoln Elementary it was obvious that we had lost our friend. Or maybe he had lost us, vanishing just as mysteriously as he had come; out of nowhere.
“Maybe he’ll find his way back home,” I said to Jason with hope in my voice.
He was silent for a time and when he finally looked at me I could tell in his eyes that we would never see that dog again. Frisbee had come to help us, by that we were sure. But now, with his mission fulfilled and his journey complete, he had moved on. We had lost our friend or maybe it was he who had lost us.
We weren’t sure what we would say to Steve when we got back and only hoped that he’d understand that it wasn’t our fault for the dog’s leaving. Slowly and with an heir of loss we made our way home.
When we reached the top of Cottonwood, Jason asked, “What do you dream about at night?”
I had been staring at the cracks in the sidewalk as we walked but now I turned to him in confusion. “What do you mean?”
“I mean,” he said, “for the last three nights you’ve done nothing but toss in bed and mumble. When you wake up I watch you.”
“What do I say?” I asked, “While I sleep.”
“Sometimes I can’t tell. Sometimes you seem like your crying and trying to talk to someone. But last night I heard you say, ‘Just let them go’ and ‘It’s never too late, He can help.’ What did you mean by that?”
I told him about the dreams I’d had about the burning houses and the children trapped inside, but I didn’t know who it was I was talking to in my sleep. That part I couldn’t remember. I thought I might have an idea, but kept it to myself.
I never had the Dark Dream again. I didn’t need to. Those couple weeks in 1982 had been my real Dark Dream.
“Do you think we’re going to Hell when we die, Jason?” I asked. “For what we did. For killing her.”
He was silent a long time, rolling the question around in his head but in the end he only shrugged and said, “I don’t know. I hope not. But if we do, at least we’ll all be together.”
And that actually made me feel a bit better.
We walked on, down our street, toward the rest of our lives and our future things to come, past the mimosa trees that lined the block and Jason said to me, “We never did oil those wheels did we?”
I shook my head. He had mentioned working on it together, weeks before, but ‘things’ had come up.
“Can you help me with it when we get home?” I asked.
“Sure, come on.”
At just past eight in the morning on the second Saturday in July, my brother and I walked into our garage and headed for the oil can on our dad’s workbench, the wheels on my wagon chirping like lost birds as I pulled it behind me.


The End


From the author: Thank you, reader, for downloading and participating in this adventure. I certainly hope you enjoyed this story as much as I did writing it. Feel free to email me with any comments, questions, suggestions or badmouthing. I enjoy all feedback. Email Eric Bergreen: shawshankbg@gmail.com


About the author:
Eric Bergreen lives in Corona, California. One wife, three kids, one dog and a whole lot of bills. He is currently looking for a Publisher. This is his first book and it was based loosely on childhood experiences. Frisbee was a real dog.
